The story was written by Queen Victoria when she was just 10 . Pictured : The monarch 's illustrations to go with the book which is to be published in June . A children 's story written by Queen Victoria when she was just 10 years old is to be published for the first time . The short story was penned by the future monarch and tells the story of a 12-year-old girl , Alice Laselles , who was sent away to boarding school after her mother died and her father remarried . Alice befriends a host of characters , including a ` poor little French orphan ' who has been half-blinded by small pox , and is falsely accused of smuggling a cat into the school but clears her name and eventually triumphs as ` one of the best learners in the school ' . Princess Victoria 's story was written in her ` Composition ' notebook as part of her studies with her governess , Baroness Louise Lehzen , and kept in the Royal Archives at Windsor Castle . It bore the inscription : ` To my dear Mamma , this my first attempt at composition is affectionately and dutifully inscribed by her affectionate daughter , Victoria . ' In one passage , where Alice is told she is to be sent to boarding school , Victoria wrote : ' `` Oh do not send me away dear Pappa '' , exclaimed Alice Laselles , as she threw her arms around her Pappa 's neck ; `` do n't send me away , O let me stay with you . '' And she sobbed bitterly . ' The tale will be published in June as ` The Adventures of Alice Laselles by Alexandrina Victoria , Aged 10 and 3/4 ' . Alexandrina was the young princess ' first name but she became known as Victoria , her second name , when she was still a child . The original red notebook -LRB- pictured -RRB- in which Princess -LRB- later Queen -RRB- Victoria wrote her story as part of her studies with her governess , Baroness Louise Lehzen , has been kept in the Royal Archives at Windsor Castle . The tale will be published in June as ` The Adventures of Alice Laselles by Alexandrina Victoria , Aged 10 and 3/4 ' . Pictured : Scribblings in Queen Victoria 's ` Composition ' notebook in which she wrote the short story . The book has been illustrated with new pictures which feature her collection of paper dolls , which she made with her governess at Kensington Palace . Jacqueline Wilson , author of the popular Tracy Beaker children 's books , praised the future monarch 's imagination and writing style . In her introduction to the book , she said : ` If Victoria had n't been destined to be Queen , I think she might have made a remarkable novelist . ' Victoria 's adult journals were published during her lifetime but it is the first time her childhood story has been made public . The book will be published by the Royal Collection Trust , a registered charity . The book -LRB- left -RRB- has been illustrated with new images which feature the monarch 's collection of paper dolls , which she made with her governess at Kensington Palace . Right : The inscription featured in her original pad . Jacqueline Wilson , author of the Tracy Beaker books , praised the future monarch 's imagination and writing .