Everton striker Romelu Lukaku dealt with racism as a youngster by using it as an added motivation to score goals . The Belgium international revealed he encountered abuse playing in youth teams back in his homeland but found the perfect response . ` I did n't suffer too much but when you hear it for the first time you are like ` Oh my God ' , ' said the 21-year-old , speaking at a Kick It Out session at a school in Liverpool . Romelu Lukaku applauds the Everton fans after a hard-fought 1-0 victory over Burnley at Goodison Park . Lukaku hailed the work rate of strike partner Arouna Kone , who allows him to focus on scoring more goals . ` But I just responded by scoring goals . I used it as motivation . ` I remember one game for Anderlecht under-15s , a parent said something but we ended up winning 7-1 and I scored four , so it does n't matter . ` I 've not experienced it -LRB- racism -RRB- like other players but it is still out there , we all know that . ' Lukaku is Everton 's top scorer this season with 18 goals . Most have come playing as a lone front man but he said he likes having someone alongside him and is hoping to strike up a partnership with Arouna Kone , who has managed just one goal in 21 starts over almost two injury-ravaged seasons . Lukaku signs autographs for fans ahead of a Barclays Premier League match at Goodison Park . ` There were some games where I used to play down the sides , it did n't work out for me , ' Lukaku told the Liverpool Echo . ` In all the games when I 've played as a striker I have scored goals so when the manager switched over with two strikers with Arouna , that was heaven for me because I could do whatever I wanted because there was somebody next to me who had a work ethic the same as me . It was very pleasing . ` The manager knew that if I had that type of distraction next to me on the pitch then I would be much more free to score and create goals . ` Now , when you play with somebody next to you , you always know you are in a one v one situation . '