Charles Barnhoorn , who was found dead in his bedroom at the family home after a weekend of taking the drug nitrous oxide . A 20-year-old man killed himself days after inhaling hundreds of cans of so-called ` hippy crack ' at a weekend-long party . Charles Barnhoorn , a telesales call handler , took hundreds canisters of nitrous oxide - a legal high party drug commonly known as Nos - before taking his own life . He was found dead in his bedroom at the family home in Kingsteignton in Devon by his heartbroken mother Susan . At an inquest into his death , Torbay Coroner Ian Arrow recorded that his death was self-inflicted after he died from asphyxiation . Detective Constable Sam Tressider of Devon and Cornwall CID , who investigated the death told the hearing that a computer was found switched on in Mr Barnhoorn 's bedroom with a website ` appearing to make references to ways to commit suicide . ' Detective Constable Sam Tressider , of Devon and Cornwall CID , investigated the death . He told the Torquay inquest that a computer in his room was on and a website ` appeared to make reference to ways to commit suicide ' . The hearing also heard that Mr Barnhoorn had been a recreational drug user from the age of 16 , taking mephedrone , which had led him to being depressed . But by 20 he had turned his life around with his mother , Mrs Barnhoorn saying : ` He was fit and well and everything in his life seemed balanced . ` He had been to a party all that weekend and had been taking gas . ` This would n't have happened if he had not taken all the Nos . He 'd had his problems with recreational drugs in the past but he was n't depressed at the time . ` It was a spur of the moment decision , made under the influence of a legal high . ' After the hearing she also spoke out about the dangers of nitrous oxide , calling for a crackdown on how easy it is to buy . She explained : ` I want to warn young people and mums and dads about the dangers . ` We need to address the issue of legal highs as soon as possible . They are killing our children . Mr Barnhoorn pictured with his mother Susan . She has now spoken out about the dangers of taking ` hippy crack ' ` They are still too readily available . If Charlie had not been able to buy Nos gas canisters by the hundred online he would still be here smiling and laughing with us . ` I would like to see some sort of restrictions but I do n't know if that 's possible as anyone can buy vast quantities online . ` I just want people to stay safe and not go through what I have . ' The use of hippy crack is widespread among partygoers around Britain and is the second most popular drug for young people after cannabis . It has a legal use in dentistry and medical procedures as an anaesthetic and also in the food industry for aerosol containers . Footballer Raheem Sterling has been filmed apparently inhaling nitrous oxide - also known as ` hippy crack ' Drugs charities have highlighted the dangers of so-called ` hippy crack ' after footballer Raheem Sterling was filmed apparently inhaling the drug . Footage emerged yesterday which appears to show the Liverpool and England winger breathing in nitrous oxide before passing out as giggling friends look on . Drugs charity Re-Solv has called on the ` role model ' player to condemn the use of the drug to deter young supporters from taking risks with their health . The anti-drugs organisation 's spokesman , Stephen Ream , told MailOnline : ` It 's very disappointing from our point of view . He is a big role model and we hate to see this kind of stuff from someone of his status . ` Players in similar situations in the past have come out and apologised and we hope he does the same . ` Nitrous Oxide is not the most dangerous drug out there but there are deaths attached to it . There are risks and we would urge anyone tempted to take it not to do so . ' Drugs experts have warned revellers against inhaling nitrous oxide from balloons because it starves the brain of oxygen .