A woman has described the terrifying moment she plunged 10ft underground after a pavement opened up beneath her on a busy southwest London street . Chip shop worker Jeannie Flynn , 53 , lay stricken in the basement of a Fulham cafe as bricks fell down on top of her - but miraculously she was not seriously injured . Ms Flynn was in a state of sheer panic as she heard concerned passers-by screaming ` get her out because it 's all going to collapse ' . Scroll down for videos . ` Disappeared ' : Chip shop worker Jeannie Flynn , 53 , has described the terrifying moment she plunged 10ft underground after a pavement opened up beneath her on a busy southwest London street . Busy street : Ms Flynn was in a state of sheer panic as she concerned heard passers-by screaming ` get her out because it 's all going to collapse ' She had been walking to her GPs on Thursday morning to pick up a prescription when a man told her to walk around a one-foot hole in the pavement . As she did so the ground gave way and she plummeted downwards . Speaking to The Sun , she added : ` I fell and I think I screamed . Bricks were falling but did n't hit me . I 'm grateful I 'm not badly injured . ' A worker from the Marrakech Express cafe then came to the rescue opening up their basement and leading her upstairs for a coffee . ` I felt like something stronger ! I was really shaky , ' she joked . Ms Flynn was taken to a hospital in Fulham and was found to have suffered whiplash and bruising . Her partner Chris Jeffries , 48 , claims she could have been killed in the accident . Immediately after the incident , onlookers hearing a loud scream before Ms Flynn ` disappeared ' down the gap in the road and landed on the rubble below . Ambulance crews were called to the cafe at about 8.50 am to provide medical care . A man takes a picture of the five foot wide by two and a half foot long hole that suddenly appeared on Thursday , exposing the cafe 's basement below . At the time there was confusion over whether Ms Flynn had been pushing a pram - but this was not the case . Kate Sissons , who witnessed the fall , posted a picture on Instagram , saying : ` OMG ! Poor woman and pram just disappeared down this hole on North End Rd. Shes stuck down there . She added : ` Loud scream and all I could see was the pram . Ambulance and fire on way to get her out . Scary . V v scary -LSB- sic -RSB- . ' A nearby flower stall owner , who asked not to be named , said she saw a man come running out of the cafe , shortly before the drama unfolded . ` The hole had been blocked off with tables and chairs but she had squeezed through and went straight down , ' she said . ` She did n't have a pram or a buggy , it was a shopping trolley . ` The shop owner was shouting out to her `` Do n't come through there '' . ` We looked over and she was down , all the way down the hole . She had walked onto it and it had collapsed beneath her . ' Scotland Yard confirmed that officers attended the scene at 8.42 am and that a child had not been involved . Paul Smith , 28 , a builder who was walking to work when he saw what he described as a ` shocking ' scene . He said : ` Someone had fallen through - just like a trapdoor . It 's crazy . There is a huge hole in the floor and someone has fallen through the pavement . ` It is about a metre wide and about eight foot deep . I could n't see inside to see if it was a man or a woman but it was a person and the police were all around . ' Atila Mohammed , who runs the Marrakech Express where the hole opened up in front of in North End Road , said he first became aware of the hole shortly before the incident . He said : ` A young man was passing , he came to me and said `` I was walking along and the pavement has broken '' . ' Mr Mohammed said that it was while he was checking the man was okay that woman , who was walking quite fast , approached the hole , which at this point was only quite small . This is the first image that emerged of the incident on Thursday morning , taken by witness Kate Sissons . ` People were outside looking around and everyone said `` Stop , stop , stop '' as she put her foot on the pavement . ` I said `` stop , stop '' , but I could n't stop her . There was only a small hole from the man before , but when the lady stepped there she broke everything and it fell . ` I tried to hold her and she fell all the way down . But she 's ok now I held her til the end . ' He said he lowered her down the five foot wide by two and a half foot long hole and she walked back up to the cafe via the basement and stairs and gave her a coffee while she waited for paramedics to arrive . The cafe manager claims he warned the council about the hole two years ago as he had noticed it was ` sagging ' . Mr Mohammed said : ` We were shocked . We told the council nearly two years ago it looks like its sagging and they 've done nothing . ' Passers-by stop to take a look at the eight foot deep hole , which has been cordoned off since the incident . A cafe regular , who asked not to be named said : ` When we arrived about 9.10 all the police were here . ` We sit here every day and we were told that there was a large hole in the road and that the lady was running along the road , rushing . ' The 76-year-old added : ` The cafe manager came out and grabbed her . She had a green coat and blue/black trousers , I heard . ` I thought the woman who told me was joking , but having said that there has been a big droop in that area of pavement for a long long time . I noticed it away back in February . ` I see elderly people pushing shopping trolleys along here - it could have been them we were all shocked it was an accident waiting to happen . ' Laura Hill , 30 , who lives in Wimbledon but works as a nanny in the area , walks up and down the road ` at least 10 times a day ' and says it could have happened to anyone . ` It 's an uneven pavement and a very busy area , with a bus stop really nearby . Lots of elderly people sit outside that cafe in the morning too . ` I walk up and down the street at least 10 times a day with the child I look after in a pushchair . When I heard I thought `` that could 've been me '' . ` It 's all been boarded up now and you have to walk on the road to get past the hole now . People have been stopping to take pictures of it all day . ' A London Ambulance spokesman confirmed paramedics were called to the scene at 8.53 am after found the patient was ` shaken but not seriously injured ' and took her to Charing Cross Hospital . Hammersmith & Fulham Council said that it is investigating claims that Mr Mohammed raised the issue with the council two months ago and the causes of the collapse . A council spokeswoman added : ` The council 's structural engineer has carried out an initial investigation of the basement collapse in North End Road and secured the site . ` The freeholder of the property is legally responsible for the structural integrity of their basement but we are carrying out a full review of what 's happened and will ensure the site is made safe and all necessary actions are taken once we have a full understanding of how this occurred . ' She also said that the incident had not been captured on CCTV . Exposed : The basement door of the century old cellar at the Marrakech Express can be seen below . The cafe owner said he was made aware of the hole by another passer-by just minutes before Ms Flynn fell .