Louis van Gaal has revealed that he has spoken to Marouane Fellaini about keeping his cool when the Manchester United midfielder returns to Goodison Park on Sunday for the first time since his £ 27million move from Everton . Fellaini , who followed manager David Moyes to Old Trafford in the summer of 2013 , is set for a more hostile reception than Juan Mata received at his old club Chelsea last weekend . The Belgium international became a symbol for the failure of the Moyes era but has turned his career around under Van Gaal and goes back to Merseyside as an established first-team player at United . Marouane Fellaini -LRB- second right -RRB- shares a joke with goalkeeper David de Gea during training on Friday . United are gearing up for a trip to Everton , and the game will be Fellaini 's first return to his former club . Louis van Gaal has spoken to Fellaini about keeping his cool on his first return to Goodison Park . Asked about suggestions at Everton that Fellaini has a short fuse , Van Gaal said : ` I have spoken with Fellaini because I know this . Fellaini is always dry in his answers . He said `` it 's a game '' . Yes , but it 's a special game for you . I hope the fans shall receive him like the Chelsea fans received Juan Mata because I like that very much . I hope it 's like that . ` I am always communicating with my players about philosophy , performance , attitude , behaviour , and maybe one or two aspects more . ` That is what I 'm doing , not more than that . When players believe in you they want to convince me because every player playing for Manchester United has qualities . ` Also Marouane Fellaini has qualities and we want to let his qualities dominate in the team and that is what we are trying to do . I believe that we are doing that . That 's why his performances are better just now . ' United have confirmed that Rafael has been ruled out of the remaining five games of the season with a rib injury , and Van Gaal expects to be without Michael Carrick , Phil Jones , Marcos Rojo and Daley Blind for the trip to Goodison after all four players missed the defeat at Chelsea . Radamel Falcao adjusts his headband during Friday 's training session at the Aon Training Complex . Ander Herrera takes part in a training drill as his team-mates , and manager Van Gaal -LRB- right -RRB- , watch on . Robin van Persie is not expected to return to the starting XI after his run-out for United 's Under 21 side . Van Gaal insists that fellow Dutchman Van Persie -LRB- centre -RRB- must show his qualities in United 's second team . ` All the players are still injured , ' he said . ` Only Blind maybe , it 's a question mark , can reach the game against Everton . Jones , Carrick and Rojo can not play against Everton . ' Robin van Persie is unlikely to regain his starting place despite playing for the Under 21s against Leicester earlier in the week . The Holland striker was an unused substitute at Stamford Bridge , and Van Gaal said : ` He has to train very hard and play in the second team and show his qualities again . Then I have to compare him with the positions he can play with the players in that position . It 's always the same . ' Juan Mata looks on during United 's final training session ahead of their weekend trip to Merseyside . United captain Wayne Rooney takes part in a sprint drill during training as the team prepare to face Everton . Van Gaal smiles as he watches his players ahead of the weekend 's trip to Everton in the Premier League . Mata , Ashley Young and Rooney -LRB- left-right -RRB- train ahead of United 's top flight clash against Everton . United remain one point ahead of fourth-placed Manchester City in the race for Champions League places , and Van Gaal wants to finish in the top-three and avoid having to pre-qualify for the tournament this summer . ` It 's better and your preparation for the new season is more easy . We set this goal because it was very difficult to reach the top four . We have discussed our goal with the board and the owners and they have set this goal . ` I am the manager and I have to achieve , but they have set this goal for me to achieve . I am always in a club to win the championship not the third or fourth position . If we achieve our goal my board and the owners will be very happy . ' A fitness coach puts the United first-team squad through their paces at Friday 's training session . United keeper De Gea , pictured at Friday 's training session , has been linked with a summer move away . Herrera controls the ball -LRB- left -RRB- , while Angel di Maria and Falcao are put through their paces -LRB- right -RRB- . Captain Rooney and team-mate Van Persie -LRB- right -RRB- take a rest in the Manchester sun during training on Friday . Van Persie shares a joke with fellow Manchester United striker Falcao during Friday 's training session . Colombia international Falcao juggles with the ball as he makes his way onto the first-team training pitch . Van Gaal bursts into laughter as he speaks to Manchester United captain ahead of his side 's match at Everton . Both Rooney -LRB- left , pictured with Van Gaal -RRB- and Fellaini are gearing up for a return to Goodison Park .