A milk price war is set to break out following a landmark decision by the EU to scrap quotas restricting production . A milk price war is set to break out following a landmark decision by the EU to scrap quotas restricting production . The quota system was abolished today after 30 years - allowing dairy farmers to produce as much milk as they like without suffering a financial penalty . The move is expected to drive a spike in production , particularly in countries like Ireland , Germany and the Netherlands , who plan to boost exports of milk and other dairy products to the UK . As a result , a price war over the cost of milk is likely to break out , bringing down the price for consumers . However , British farmers are likely to find the price they are paid by supermarkets is driven down , which will be particularly difficult for smaller family businesses . Milk quotas were introduced in 1984 to address the oversupply during the late 1970s and early 1980s that had led to the infamous milk lakes and butter mountains . Farmers who produced above their quota were hit with punishing cash penalties . The new free-for-all will promote dairy factory farms , where super-size Holstein cows have been bred to produce more milk than any calf could drink in order to cut production costs . The industrialisation of dairy farming has seen the number of UK farms producing milk fall from 50,000 to 14,116 over the last 30 years . At the same time the average herd has risen from 64 cows to 134 . The average milk production from Holstein dairy cows , which have been labelled ` udders on legs ' , has risen by 55per cent to 7,327 litres per animal per year -- around 12,900 pints . In some cases this has been done through selective breeding programmes designed to create supersize cows , which are bulked up with high protein feed and kept inside for much of the year in what are known as ` zero grazing ' barns . Dairy farmers have been under severe pressure in the past year as the result of a global glut in milk and a supermarket price war that drove down the price of a pint , making it cheaper than some bottled water . Some dairy processors have starting to raise farm gate prices recently , however farmers remain concerned the end of quotas could bring enormous price swings . Chairman of the dairy board at the National Farmers ' Union , Rob Harrison , has urged all EU countries to act responsibly and collectively in order to manage future volatility . Mr Harrison said : ` Farmers and dairy processors here do have some concerns about how other EU countries will react to the ending of quotas . ` Some are rapidly increasing their output without an end market for these goods . With milk prices yet to show any strong signs of recovery , this could push farmgate milk prices down further in the EU , and stall any recovery in the dairy markets . ` It 's vital that expansion in any Member State is planned in accordance with available market opportunities . ' Dairy farmers have been under severe pressure in the past year as the result of a global glut in milk and a supermarket price war that drove down the price of a pint , making it cheaper than some bottled water . Mr Harrison said the new freedom could allow British dairy farmers , who are particularly efficient , to win new sales in Europe and around the world , particularly the Far East . He said : ` We also need UK dairy processors to recognise and promote potential markets both at home and abroad and look to develop new products such as sports drinks . ' The idea of milk being promoted as a sports drink has been given credence by Coca-Cola , which has recently launched its own brand of milk in the United States . The new Fairlife milk costs more than twice as much as regular milk , but the firm believes consumers will pay more on the basis it contains 50per cent more protein and half the sugar . Earlier this week , some European farmer groups mounted a protest over the changes outside the European Parliament in Brussels , which involved a funeral march the lighting of a warning fire . The European Milk Board , a federation of dairy farmers with member organisations from 13 countries , said it was likely that the market would not be able to cope with significantly expanded production in a reasonable way . Its president , Romuald Schaber , said the changes are a particular threat to small dairy farmers , who tend to have higher costs . ` Chronic price collapses are inevitable , the next crisis is on its way , ' he said . ` Prices will be rock-bottom , as Europe 's farmers will have even less market power to achieve a cost-covering milk price in the future . ' Maria Heubuch , an MEP for the Greens , warned about the loss of small farmers . ` Europe could see more factory farms with 1,000 , 2,000 or even 5,000 cows , merely providing raw materials for the industry , ' she said . The European Dairy Association , which represents milk processors , has backed the end of quotas . Its Secretary General , Alexander Anton , said : ` It goes without saying that the end of the quota will lower the administrative burden on all levels . This will naturally further enhance the competitiveness of the whole sector . ' Irish dairy farmers have embarked on a massive expansion plan and will be looking to make big in-roads to the British market . A study by the Irish Farmers Association -LRB- IFA -RRB- estimated the ending of quotas would create 9,500 extra jobs in Ireland , and at least 1.3 billion euros -LRB- £ 950m -RRB- in extra exports . While productions restrictions have been scrapped , the EU will provide a safety net for dairy farmers . Brussels will have the power to buy-in butter and skimmed milk powder at a guaranteed figure if there is over-supply , which will shore up the price .