A woman 's missing wedding ring has turned up after four months - in the family dog 's excrement . Nikki Balovich had taken off her diamond-encrusted silver ring as she was pregnant and her fingers were swollen . When she could n't find it , she suspected their 90-pound baby mastiff Halli had swallowed it up , but there was no way of checking . Nikki Balovich had taken off her diamond-encrusted silver ring as she was pregnant and her fingers were swollen . When she lost it , she suspected her 90-pound baby mastiff Halli had swallowed it . ` She picks them up , and carries things around -- hair clips , rocks , hair ties . She 's always spitting them out , ' Balovich told The Daily Sitka Sentinel . ` My husband was always saying , put them away , put them upstairs -- you 're going to lose them . ' Finally , almost half a year later , the mystery was solved when the mother-of-three , based in Sitka , Alaska , saw a post on a Facebook sales site . It said : ` FOUND ! Beautiful wedding type band . If u have lost a ring , no matter where , call and describe ! Found in an unusual place . ' Balovich told the Sentinel she had a gut feeling it could be hers - and what the ` unusual place ' might refer to . ` I gave up , I thought it was long gone , ' she told the newspaper . ` We take the dog everywhere with us , on hikes , on the boat -- what were the chances we were going to find it ? ` It 's been so long , but I had a gut feeling . I thought I 'll call , why not ? ' Half a year after it vanished , she saw a Facebook post saying a wedding ring had been found in an ` unusual place ' . She contacted the user , Bob Potrzuski , who said he had found it while picking up dog feces in a field . She contacted the Facebook user , Bob Potrzuski , and sure enough it was hers . Turns out , his wife found the ring while picking up dog poop at a local ball field , where Balovich had recently volunteered - with Halli . She collected the ring on Thursday . ` I feel very lucky , ' she said . ` It 's been on my hands ever since -- my hand was feeling naked without it . '