A father has been left furious after police ran over his daughter 's cat -- and then simply told the family that their pet had been ` disposed of ' . Harry the ginger tom was hit by a police car near Tony Hunt 's home . But instead of tracking down the owner and explaining what had happened , the officers involved knocked on a neighbour 's door and asked for a black bin bag . A witness then described seeing them ` scooping Harry up and placing him in the bag in the boot of the car ' . Tony Hunt , from Normanton in Derby , is demanding an apology from police after a neighbour reported his daughter 's cat Harry had been hit by a patrol car and ` disposed of ' Mr Hunt spent two days putting up ` lost cat ' posters in his area before finding out what had happened from a local teenager . Incredibly , when he contacted police , officers coldly told him Harry had been ` disposed of ' . Yesterday Mr Hunt , from Normanton , Derby , broke down as he described how a neighbour had witnessed the police car running over his cat . The incident is now being investigated by Derbyshire Police 's Professional Standards Department , he said . Mr Hunt , 42 , said he had told five-year-old daughter Lily that her beloved pet had gone to heaven , but could not bring himself to tell her why . He accused police of a ` lack of humanity ' and demanded a face-to-face apology from the two officers involved -- one of whom was a WPC . Mr Hunt is outraged as the three-year-old ginger cat -LRB- pictured -RRB- was micro-chipped so officers could easily have contacted the family . The restaurant manager , who lives with partner Zoe Price , 30 , their daughter Lily and one-year-old son Thomas , said : ` What has happened is absolutely disgusting . ` I could n't believe what I was hearing when a young lad called to tell me he had seen the police run over Harry . ` I called 101 straight away and eventually spoke to a desk sergeant , who confirmed Harry had been hit and said he 'd been `` disposed of '' . ` There was no compassion whatsoever . He did n't go into details as to how Harry had been `` disposed of '' and I did n't want to know , to be honest . For all I know , they could have tossed him straight in the bin . ' Mr Hunt was informed about the three-year-old cat 's demise by Ali Nisar , who lives a street away . The 16-year-old saw the car coming ` at speed ' down the road with its blue lights flashing last Sunday . Mr Hunt ` sfamily have been devastated by what happened , saying a ` huge chunk ' of their lives is now missing . He said : ` The cat was in the middle of the road but the car went straight over it . They did n't seem to brake , but I do n't know how they could not have seen it . ' Mr Nisar added : ` Two days later I saw Tony 's poster and recognised the picture of the cat . I rang him to tell him that the police had killed his cat . I was gobsmacked that they had n't already informed him . ' Mr Hunt said Harry was microchipped and his body could have been returned to the family for cremation if the police had taken him to a vet or the RSPCA to be scanned . He added : ` If it had n't been for my neighbour witnessing what happened , we 'd still be searching for him now . ' A spokesman for Derbyshire Police said it was ` aware of the allegations ' , adding : ` We 're in the process of trying to identify the officers who are allegedly involved to get their account of what happened . '