Classical singer Camilla Kerslake was centre of attention at Sunday 's Olivier Awards after she suffered a wardrobe malfunction as she arrived with England rugby skipper boyfriend Chris Robshaw . Wearing a daring , backless black dress , Camilla , 26 , showed off more than she bargained for in her revealing floor-length gown . Despite being accompanied by Robshaw , who played for Harlequins in their 29-26 Premiership victory over Gloucester 24 hours earlier , the cameras were firmly trained on the singer . Scroll down for video . Daring : Camilla Kerslake showed off more than she bargained for in a daring backless gown at the Olivier Awards with MasterCard in London on Sunday where she was accompanied by Chris Robshaw . Posing with their arms around each other , the ` pre-engaged ' couple looked the picture of happiness . ` Chris and I are on the same page and we definitely plan to get married in the near future , ' the singer recently told The Mail on Sunday in her first interview about her famous boyfriend . ` Some people call it a pre-engagement . It 's all about timing -- at the moment we 're both so busy with work . Pre-engaged : Camilla was joined by her England rugby captain boyfriend Chris Robshaw but her dress was the focus of attention . ` I even had to spend Valentine 's Day outside in the cold sandwiched between hordes of angry men as I cheered Chris on during his game . ' ` Pre-engagement ' is a growing trend , with thousands of couples now choosing ` promise ' rings ahead of a formal proposal . Camilla , though , has her eye on the real thing , and has been spotted scouting engagement rocks at Tiffany . Racy : Camilla flashed more than hint of sideboob in her dramatically racy floor-length gown . One way to get attention : Kerslake 's dress made sure she stood out on the star-studded red carpet . So far , her 6ft 2in boyfriend has been notably reticent when friends have quizzed him on the subject . But Camilla appears undeterred . ` It 's tricky now as I 'm currently locked away in the studio recording my third album and Chris is obviously incredibly busy and focused on his rugby and the Six Nations . ` But he gets back from England camp in April and the Six Nations boys have some time off in May and weekends off in June , so we 'll have more time to ourselves then , ' she added . ` As soon as things calm down for both of us work-wise , we 'll start making plans . ' Tight game : Robshaw -LRB- not pictured -RRB- played for his club Harlequins against Gloucester on Saturday . Loved up : The happy couple cosied up to each other as they arrived for the awards in London on Sunday . Meanwhile , Memphis : The Musical and Carole King show Beautiful lead the race for Britain 's equivalent of Broadway 's Tonys , with a clutch of nominations each , including best new musical . Memphis , set in the segregated 1950s American South , has nine nominations , including best actress in a musical for soul-singer star Beverley Knight . Beautiful has eight , with Katie Brayben a contender for her performance as chart-topping songwriter King . The other nominees for best new musical are Sunny Afternoon , the story of The Kinks , and Imelda Marcos-inspired Here Lies Love , created by David Byrne and Fatboy Slim . Inseparable : The classical singer met Chris when she performed at a charity dinner in 2011 . Leaving little to the imagination : The dress showed off every inch of the blonde singer 's body . Best-actress nominees are Gillian Anderson for A Streetcar Named Desire , Kristin Scott Thomas for Electra , Imelda Staunton for Good People and Penelope Wilton for Taken at Midnight . Best actor contenders are James McAvoy for The Ruling Class , Tim Pigott-Smith for King Charles III , Mark Strong for A View from the Bridge and Richard Armitage for The Crucible . Former X Factor judge Nicole Scherzinger is guaranteed an ovation when she takes to the stage at tonight 's Olivier Awards , but could be going home with a gong as well after she was nominated for her role in the revival of Cats . The singer will share the bill with names including Talking Heads frontman David Byrne , Downton Abbey 's Laura Carmichael , Dame Judi Dench , Chiwetel Ejiofor , Pixie Lott and Russell Tovey . A beauty : She styled her blonde hair to one side , while wearing dramatic red lipstick and taupe eyewear to give the look a perfect flourish . Scherzinger , nominated for best supporting actress in a musical for her role as Grizabella in Cats , will perform Memory from the hit show . There will be huge cheers if there is a win for 89-year-old Angela Lansbury , up for best supporting actress for playing scatterbrained psychic Madame Arcati in Blithe Spirit . Other nominees include Gemma Arterton who is up for best actress in a musical for her Made In Dagenham performance - her first onstage singing role - as factory worker Rita O'Grady . She is pitted against Tamsin Greig -LRB- Women On The Verge Of A Nervous Breakdown -RRB- , Beverley Knight -LRB- Memphis The Musical -RRB- and Katie Brayben -LRB- Beautiful - The Carole King Musical -RRB- . New productions Memphis The Musical and Beautiful - The Carole King Musical lead the nominations for individual productions , with nine and eight nods respectively . Pose for cameras : She happily perfected her red pout as she made her way down the red carpet . Beaming : The gorgeous couple looked to be in great spirits as they arrived together at the star-studded event .