Jonny Howson made a triumphant return to Elland Road to nudge Norwich one step closer to the Premier League . An academy product and Leeds ' youngest captain since Billy Bremner before moving to Carrow Road for £ 2million in January 2012 , Howson marked his first game back at his old club by making the breakthrough in the 57th minute to keep Alex Neil 's side in the automatic promotion places . The 26-year-old had already endured taunts of ` cheat ' from the home fans after winning a first-half penalty when he was bundled over by current Leeds skipper Liam Cooper . Jonny Howson -LRB- 8 -RRB- refuses to celebrate after putting Norwich ahead early in the second half . The midfielder smashed home to put his side in control and continue their automatic promotion charge . Graham Dorrans hammered his spot-kick against the underside of the ball and then wasted another opportunity moments later , although he made amends with Norwich 's second goal in injury-time . Howson struck when Nathan Redmond poked the ball across to him just inside the box , guiding it with the outside of his right foot beyond a despairing Marco Silvestri and inside the far post . If his celebration was a little muted , the same could not be said for Neil and his staff on the touchline as they sensed a fifth straight win . Graham Dorrans -LRB- right -RRB- sealed the tie with a late goal and made up for his late penalty miss . Leeds XI : Silvestri 6 ; Wootton 6 , Bamba 6.5 , Cooper 5.5 , Byram 6 -LRB- Montenegro 85 -RRB- ; Ngoyi 6 ; Taylor 5 -LRB- Antenucci 71 , 6 -RRB- , Murphy 6 , Mowatt 7 , Berardi 6 ; Sharp 7 . Subs : Taylor , Bellusci , Morison , Sloth , Phillips . Norwich XI : Ruddy 7 ; Olsson 6.5 , Bassong 6.5 , Martin 6 , Whittaker 6 ; Tettey 6 ; Redmond 7 -LRB- Hooper 86 -RRB- , Howson 8 , Dorrans 6 , Hoolahan 6 -LRB- E Bennett 80 -RRB- ; Jerome 6.5 . Subs : Rudd , Grabban , R Bennett , O'Neil , Odjidja-Ofoe . Scorers : Howson 57 , Dorrans 90 +1 . Booked : Olsson , Tettey , Whittaker , Dorrans . Referee : Michael Jones 6 . Star man : Jonny Howson . ` I think every passing game now is a massive moment , ' said the Norwich boss . ` I told the players at half-time that we had three-and-a-half games left . The next 45 minutes could be the turning point of the season to get us over the line or it could cost us . ` Jonny is a model professional . I know Leeds mean a lot to him but ultimately he 's done his job tonight -LRB- Tuesday -RRB- . ' It still needed a magnificent block by Russell Martin to deny Scott Wootton and John Ruddy 's flying save from Alex Mowatt to preserve Norwich 's lead before Dorrans made sure of victory , burying his shot from 15 yards after a fine run and cutback from Cameron Jerome . Leeds head coach Neil Redfearn said : ` The ball was a yard out of play so it 's a bit harsh on us . ' With Norwich , Bournemouth and Middlesbrough all winning , the pressure is now on Watford to do the same when they visit Nottingham Forest on Wednesday night . It also raises the stakes even higher when Norwich entertain Middlesbrough at Carrow Road on Friday battling for a £ 120m ticket to the top-flight . Dorrans -LRB- centre -RRB- smashed a first half penalty against the crossbar but later spared his blushes . Luke Murphy -LRB- left -RRB- attempts to tackle Nathan Redmond during the first half in the Championship clash . ` Each game gets bigger and bigger , and for us and Middlesbrough , it wo n't get much bigger than this game on Friday night , ' said Neil , who kept his players in the north to prepare for this game after they snatched an injury-time winner at Bolton on Saturday . ` My mindset before the game is that we do our job , we do n't pay attention to others . With all three of us winning tonight , Watford have got a job to do tomorrow but that 's for them to worry about . ` We 've worked so hard to get here . It 's not easy . The games are coming thick and fast , and mentally it 's tough . But we 're well up for the challenge , this is what you 're in football for . ` Looking at Bolton and Leeds , on paper , they were two extremely difficult games and the fact we 've managed to pick up six points says a huge amount about the character in the squad . ' Murphy fires a free-kick into the Norwich wall as Leeds lost their fourth game in five in the Championship .