A popular holiday beach in the north of New South Wales has transformed into something from a horror movie as wild winds and relentless thunderstorms continue to batter the state . Sylvia Freedman , who was enjoying a family trip away at Avoca Beach in the Central Coast , about 95kms north of Sydney , filmed the disturbing scene that stretched out more than 15 metres from the top of the beach pathway to beyond the water 's edge . ` It 's foam that has been swept off the top of the waves because the water was so churned up and its mixed with sand - it 's so bizarre , ' Ms Freedman told Daily Mail Australia . Scroll down for video . Avoca Beach in the Central Coast , about 95kms north of Sydney , resembled something from a horror film on Tuesday . The entire beach , right up tot he top of the walkways , was covered in a grotesque yellow foam . She added : ` Whenever the wind blew , the foam just felt like you were in a snow globe . ' Her videos - which were filmed on Tuesday - show a grotesque , yellow , jelly like substance moving around as the wind blows it up and over surrounding scrubland . They are titled ` foam party ' , ` I feel like Nigel Thornberry ' and ` Beach gone . Path gone . No reception . Possibly about to be swept to sea ' . Sylvia Freedman -LRB- pictured -RRB- filmed the disturbing scene that stretched out for more than 15 metres . ` It 's foam that has been swept off the top of the waves because the water was so churned up and its mixed with sand - it 's so bizarre , ' she said . Ms Freedman and her family were forced to leave the holiday house after their power went out on Tuesday . ` The foam just felt like you were in a snow globe ' ` It 's hard to say how much was foam and how much had water underneath , but there would have been a good 15 metres or so of that stuff , ' Ms Freedman , the co-founder of EndoActive , said . ` It was covering the shrubbery and the whole walk way down to the beach . ' Ms Freedman said she and her family were forced to ditch their holiday plans and head back to their Sydney home in Balmain earlier than they 'd intended due to the severe storm . ` Avoca does n't have very much distance between houses and the shore line , so when high tide came up the water was flooding the pathways all down the beach so I was freaking out and thought it would swallow all the houses up , ' she said . ` When we went outside we realised it was n't all water - it was foam . ' ` We left yesterday afternoon because all the power went out , there was no electricity , we could n't use the heaters and the house was freezing , there was no mobile or internet so we could n't do anything so we just picked a moment in the night and left . ` The wind was just insane . The whole house was howling and it was crazy . ' A quick trip to the nearby town of Terrigal , where Ms Freedman and her family tried to find some power , proved fruitless when they found that numerous homes had lost their roofs and the normally flat beach had pounding waves which the Balmain resident described as ` just mental ' . It comes as a second intense low pressure system , centred off the coast of the Hunter region , is predicted to bring heavier rains and more large seas and thunderstorms to large parts of northern Sydney and the Central Coast on Wednesday . The SES has received more than 8000 requests for help and has conducted 90 flood rescues since Monday , while about 200,000 homes and businesses remain without power . More than 260 SES crews and 600 volunteers will be out in the field on Wednesday while the worst storm in a decade continues to batter the state . ` It 's hard to say how much was foam and how much had water underneath , but there would have been a good 15 metres or so of that stuff , ' Ms Freedman said . She titled her videos ` foam party ' , ` I feel like Nigel Thornberry ' and ` Beach gone . Path gone . No reception . Possibly about to be swept to sea '