A restaurant manager feared huge debts after forking out £ 2,000 on a bizarre addiction which meant he had to wear new underpants every day . Curt Almond , 26 , from Bristol , spent at least £ 40 a week buying new Calvin Klein boxers so that he could slip into a new ` crisp pair ' every day of the week . But after wiping out most of his savings , Mr Almond realised that it was ` bankruptcy or boxers ' - and that he needed to wean himself off his addiction . Scroll down for video . Addicted : Nando 's manager Curt Almond almost landed himself in debt after forking out £ 2,000 on a bizarre addiction which meant he had to wear new underpants every day . Obsession : The 26-year-old , from Bristol -LRB- pictured left and right -RRB- spent at least £ 40 a week buying new Calvin Klein boxers so that he could slip into a brand new ` crisp pair ' every day of the week . He has now reverted back to the normal routine of wearing and washing his boxers several times over - and has saved himself thousands in the process . He said : ` When I first started wearing new boxers every day , I loved it . I treated myself to really nice Calvin Klein ones . It always felt great to slip into a crisp pair . ` It got to the point where I did n't feel comfortable unless I was wearing a new pair . ` But , eventually , my money started to run out and I had to buy budget ones instead . Finally , when a huge bill came in one day , I looked at finances and realised that I was spending all my savings on underpants . So I managed to wean myself off the compulsion . ' During his year-long addiction , Mr Almond bought 365 pairs of new boxers - which were then thrown into the bin after just one wear . He said his bizarre habit began after the breakdown of a relationship . ` Crisp pair ' : During his year-long addiction , Mr Almond bought some 365 pairs of new boxers - and threw most pairs into the bin after just one wear . Whenever they stayed over , they would wear the same underwear for several days running , which he thought was ` disgusting ' . So , in a bid to get over his former partner , Mr Almond started wearing a fresh pair every day . He also moved back in with his mother , meaning he had extra money to spend on his obsession . He said : ` I did all my own washing and that meant that my mum never found out about my addiction to clean boxers . ` Luckily she never looked through my bin - it was full of boxers that I had only worn for one day at a time and then just thrown away . ` The way I saw it was that people spend so much money on cigarettes and alcohol . For me , this was just how I chose to spend my money . ' Mr Almond eventually began feeling the squeeze when his mother increased his rent by £ 100 . But , as his budget grew tighter , he simply reverted to budget boxers instead . ` At Christmas , when the shops changed their stock , I had no choice but to buy loads of boxers that had ` jingle balls ' printed on them , ' he said . But Mr Almond was again forced to rethink his lifestyle when he received a hefty insurance bill through the post . He said : ` All of my savings had to go on paying my insurance . I tried to pick up odd jobs to fund my love for new boxers but it still was n't enough to keep afloat . I knew I had to stop . ` After forking out for that big payment , I went upstairs and noticed that I only had three new pairs of boxers left . I panicked and started asking myself if my addiction to new boxers was weird . ` For the first time in a year , I mustered up the courage to put a pair of boxers in the wash . It felt really strange . ` Eventually , I started to rationalise it by telling myself that it was only me that had worn these boxers and I 'm a hygienic person so they must be fine . ' It was only once Mr Almond overcame his boxer addiction that he felt comfortable chatting about it with his friends . ` I was watching a TV show about people with weird habits and I remember telling my friend about my addiction to fresh boxers , ' he said . ` She said that I was absolutely crazy and could n't understand why on earth I spent so much money on underwear . '