Ed Miliband has explicitly ruled out allowing another Scottish independence referendum , as he bids to ease voters ' concerns about the prospect of any future SNP-Labour alliance . The Labour leader said a second independence poll ` ai n't going to happen ' even if he becomes Prime Minister with the support of SNP MPs next month . Mr Miliband 's intervention came as the former prime minister John Major warned that the SNP was ` merely waiting for a good excuse to put separation back on the agenda ' . Labour leader Ed Miliband , interviewed on the BBC this morning , explicitly ruled out allowing another Scottish independence referendum . Mr Major said the SNP would break their pledge not to hold another referendum ` for a generation ' . He said the SNP were ` determined to prise apart the United Kingdom ' . Former foreign secretary William Hague added that SNP could be ` calling the tune ' if Ed Miliband became PM on the back of SNP support . He said this would mean : ` The people who want to break up the United Kingdom will be running the United Kingdom . ' But Mr Miliband this morning accused the Tories of ` threatening the integrity of the United Kingdom ' by talking up the prospects of Scottish nationalists in the May 7 General Election . The Labour leader insisted there would be no coalition with the SNP and flatly ruled out holding another referendum . He told BBC1 's Breakfast that he had ` fundamental differences ' with the SNP -- including on a second independence referendum within five years . He said , adding : ` I 'm not having that . ' The Labour leader said a second independence poll ` ai n't going to happen ' even if he becomes Prime Minister with the support of SNP MPs next month . Labour party leader Mr Miliband addresses an audience during a campaign stop in Manchester this morning . Mr Miliband said Mr Cameron had been ` talking up ' the SNP in the hope that it would take votes and seats from Labour north of the border and allow him to ` crawl back ' into 10 Downing Street . ` I think David Cameron is playing fast and loose with the United Kingdom , ' said the Labour leader . ` This is somebody who has given up hope of winning a majority . He is trying to boost the SNP . ` I think David Cameron is now threatening the integrity of the UK with the games he is playing . And I think Conservatives are now ashamed of what he is doing . ' Mr Miliband cited Conservative former Cabinet minister Lord Forsyth who has warned that the party 's tactic of targeting a Labour-SNP link-up was ` short-term and dangerous ' and could ultimately damage the Union . In a BBC interview last night , the Labour leader insisted he would not be dictated to by the nationalists , even if he had to govern without an overall majority in the new parliament . But Sir John Major said that , in practice , Mr Miliband would be forced to accede to the SNP 's demands or face the collapse of his government . ` If Labour were to accept an offer of support from the SNP , it could put the country on course to a government held to ransom on a vote-by-vote basis , ' he said . Mr Miliband 's intervention came as the former prime minister John Major warned that the SNP was ` merely waiting for a good excuse to put separation back on the agenda ' Sir John added : ` Labour would be in hock to a party that - slowly but surely - will push them ever further to the left . And who would pay the price for this ? We all would . We would all pay for the SNP 's ransom in our daily lives - through higher taxes , fewer jobs , and more and more debt . ` This is a recipe for mayhem . At the very moment our country needs a strong and stable government , we risk a weak and unstable one - pushed to the left by its allies , and open to a daily dose of political blackmail . ' The former premier pointed to the way that Scottish Labour leader Jim Murphy has already suggested that funds raised from the party 's planned ` mansion tax ' in England could go to Scotland . ` If a Labour leader asks for that , how much more will the SNP demand ? ' Sir John is expected to say . ` And if this is the way Labour intends to behave towards England , how can they say no to the SNP ? And if Labour did say no , the SNP could withdraw support and bring down the government at any time . ' SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon addressed the Scottish Trade Union Congress during a campaign visit to in Ayr this morning . MsSturgeon poses for a selfie with supporters during a campaign visit to in Ayr today , after launching the party 's manifesto yesterday . With the opinion polls pointing to a hung parliament with the SNP holding the balance of power as the third largest party , the threat of a nationalist link-up with Labour has emerged as the main Conservative line of attack in the election campaign . The tactic has caused misgivings among some Tories . Lord Forsyth - who served as Scottish secretary in Sir John 's government - warned that building up the SNP to undermine support for Labour in England could ultimately damage the Union . ` We 've had the dilemma for Conservatives , which is they want to be the largest party at Westminster and therefore some see the fact that the nationalists are going to take seats in Scotland will be helpful , ' he told the Guardian . ` But that is a short-term and dangerous view which threatens the integrity of our country . ' He said Mr Cameron 's call for ` English votes for English laws ' in the aftermath of last year 's Scottish independence referendum vote had ` shattered the unionist alliance against the break-up of the United Kingdom ' . Labour MP David Lammy this morning admitted that the party would strike a deal with the SNP after the election . Meanwhile , former Labour minister and London mayoral contender David Lammy suggested that the party could ` do business ' with the SNP after the election . ` I think we can win this election . But clearly , after the General Election , you would forge common alliance with parties that you can actually do business with and the SNP must be part of that story , ' he told ITV News . ` I still think Labour can form the next government and that 's what I am fighting for . But , yes , there is common ground with other parties and the SNP would be included in that and we may need to enter into discussion after the General Election . '