` This is Darko . I think I know the location of $ 20million worth of stolen art - I hope you have WhatsApp . ' It 's a line that would n't sound out of place in a heist movie . But that was the anonymous call that helped art sleuth Christopher Marinello , 53 , track down nine paintings including works by Chagall and Rivera stolen from an LA mansion . ` I got this tip-off from a shadowy figure in Slovenia called Darko , ' said the London-based founder of Art Recovery International . Scroll down for video . Art detective Christopher Marinello has tracked down £ 250million worth of stolen art including this 1920 Henri Matisse painting Le Jardin . ` He sent me images of the paintings via WhatsApp and we set up a sting operation with the LAPD and recovered nine of paintings which were stolen in broad daylight six years ago . ' The art detective is no stranger to high profile cases -- having been central to the recovery of a £ 1billion Nazi-looted hoard found in a squalid Munich flat in 2012 . He currently represents the heirs of renowned art dealer Paul Rosenberg in their bid to recover Henri Matisse 's 1921 Femme Assise . It was discovered amongst other priceless works in a flat owned by Cornelius Gurlitt , the son of Nazi art dealer Hildebrand , and has been valued at around £ 60million . He is representing the heirs of art dealer Paul Rosenberg in their bid to recover Henri Matisse 's 1921 Femme Assise -LRB- left -RRB- which was found in a squalid Munich apartment along with this Marc Chagall painting -LRB- right -RRB- . ` The painting was found covered by a layer of grime . There was a milky white film on it as it had been sitting flat , unstretched amongst rotting food , ' said Mr Marinello . ` It did n't even have a frame , but there is no doubt that it is the original Matisse . It has been tested by a number of experts and the Rosenberg family has an incredibly detailed archive . ` It should clean up nicely and we were able to determine it has not been directly touched since Matisse completed it . ' The reclusive eccentric died in May last year and left the collection dubbed the ` greatest find of the post-war era ' to Kunstmuseum Bern . The museum announced that it would accept the immense trove of art amassed by a Nazi-era art dealer , but would ensure any looted art was returned to the rightful owners . And just yesterday it emerged that Germany has signed an agreement to return Matisse 's Femme Assise to the Rosenberg heirs . In the past two decades , Mr Marinello has tracked down £ 250million worth of stolen art including priceless works by Picasso , Renoir and Matisse . The founder of Art Recovery International examines evidence relating to Matisse 's Le Jardin with head curator Lars Bystrom . He tracked down nine paintings including Les Paysans by Marc Chagall -LRB- pictured -RRB- stolen from an LA mansion . One of his most recent cases saw him recover El Greco 's 1944 ` Portrait of a Gentleman ' , which was seized from Julius Priester 's collection by the Gestapo in Vienna . Mr Priester , a prominent art collector , had fled to Paris with his wife Camilla six years before , when Austria was annexed into Germany as part of the Anschluss in 1938 . Last month Mr Marinello also tracked down two sculptures which were stolen with weeks of each other from Hirschl and Adler Gallery in New York 32 years ago . Paul Manship 's ` Central Figure of Day ' was taken during an exhibition in December 1983 and just three weeks later ` Figure of Gertrude Vanderbilt Whitney ' by Prince Paul Troubetzkoy disappeared from the same show . Another of his most high-profile successes was the recovery of Matisse 's Le Jardin after it was stolen from the Museum of Modern Art in Stockholm by a burglar armed with a sledgehammer . More than 1,400 artworks were found in a squalid Munich flat owned by Cornelius Gurlitt , the son of Nazi art dealer Hildebrand . Criminals are both nemeses and friends to the detective and if you spot him sitting in a Starbucks , the chances are he 's about to sit down with an art thief . ` I 've met with a criminal who 's been holding onto some very valuable artwork for over 30 years several times at a cafe in Paris , ' said Mr Marinello . ` I often receive and exchange stolen works in pubs and cafes . In fact if you see me sitting alone in a Starbucks , there is a high likelihood I 'm not just having a cup of coffee . I prefer meeting in public places , as it can get interesting . ` I deal with criminals if I have the permission of the authorities . If the theft happened 25 years ago , the police are n't as interested and in those cases I 'm given permission to handle the case myself . ' Before he became the public face of the company , he used to work undercover and once set up a sting operation to catch a man trying to illegally obtain a Van Gogh picture worth £ 2million . He has also recovered a multi-million pound Devo painting from the middle of the street in Manhattan from a celebrity who unwittingly came into possession of the stolen artwork . ` I was meeting a well-known celebrity at the corner of a street in New York and suddenly a beige Mercedes Benz pulled up and the window rolled down . Out came a Devo painting rolled up in a tube inside a black plastic bag . ` That is definitely one of the more unusual places I have exchanged artwork . ' Finding the missing art in the first place is a major undertaking as Mr Marinello and his team often locate stolen works before law enforcement . To do this , they have developed Art Claim , the world 's most technologically advanced database for stolen , looted and missing works of art , antiquity and cultural property . Once a missing artwork is entered into the database , they use image recognition software to scour catalogues at Sotheby 's , Bonham 's , eBay and other auction sites until they find a match . ` It all starts with Art Claim . Anyone who has a theft whether it 's a museum or holocaust victim should report the theft , then we search art fairs , online sellers , and auction catalogues . ` There is a huge risk in buying a stolen work as the legal fees can be back breaking . The publicity alone can be hugely damaging to a high net-worth collector . ` People spend hundreds of thousands and do absolutely nothing to check the provenance . You need to know in advance what you 're buying . ' Mr Marinello believes art theft is on the rise and said it is now the third highest-grossing criminal trade , behind guns and drugs . Cornelius Gurlitt 's father Hildebrand -LRB- right -RRB- , was commissioned to obtain artworks on behalf of Adolf Hitler -LRB- left -RRB- and bought works confiscated from Jewish families . ` It is worse than ever . The economic downturn over the past few years , security cuts at museums and wars have all contributed to the fact that cultural property theft is on the rise . ' But Hollywood-style art heists with James Bond-style equipment and elaborate getaways are not the only way that priceless works disappear . ` Art is stolen in every way imaginable , but it is not always a well thought-out endeavor . ` Some thieves just see a work and think ` I can just put this in my bag and get out of here ' . ` What they do n't realise is that these works are not at all easy to sell on . Once an artwork is on our database - as this one is - we will be searching art markets all over the world for it . ` Art can also be lost in transport and there is also insider theft . Of course there are also movie-style elaborate break-ins . Methods are getting creative , but we are trying to stay one step ahead . ' ` Thieves are always going to be thieves . Art thieves are common thugs . There 's no romance there . The same people who 'd steal your wallet would steal artwork . ` The Internet has made it easier track but it 's easier for the criminals as well . '