With temperatures creeping up , let 's celebrate with some ice cream . In fact , why not make your own ? The choice of ice cream makers has never been wider . MANDY FRANCIS tried out the best brands on the High Street with some enthusiastic help from her children Stanley , 13 , and Florence , eight . The Swan Come Dine With Me Ice Cream & Gelato maker is best for dinner parties . BEST FOR DINNER PARTIES . Swan Come Dine With Me Ice Cream & Gelato maker , £ 49.99 , argos.co.uk . How does it work ? This minimalist , cube-shaped machine looks sleek and impressive . The removable bowl -- which has an inner , freezable gel layer -- has to be frozen for eight hours before you put it back in the machine , then add the mixing arm , pop on the lid , and turn it on . As it starts to churn , you slowly pour in the mixture according to the recipe included -- a basic one of egg yolks , cornflour , sugar , double cream and vanilla extract which has to be cooked and cooled in the fridge . Check the progress every five minutes or so , switching it off when it 's reached the texture you want . Is it any good ? At two litres , this has one of the biggest capacities we came across , so it 's perfect for dinner parties and family gatherings . Unusually , the bowl rotates on this machine , while the mixing arm stays still -- which looks clever , but creates a huge amount of noise . Stanley and Florence kept popping in to ask if it was ready -- not because they were looking forward to eating it , but because they wanted the racket to stop ! Fortunately the clattering was over in 20 minutes and the light , fluffy ice cream was really tasty . Verdict : Nice ice cream , shame about the noise . Having to keep a close eye on the machine until the ice cream is the right texture is a pain , too . Rating : . BEST FOR KUDOS IN THE KITCHEN . Sage Smart Scoop by Heston Blumenthal , £ 349.99 , sageappliances.co.uk . How does it work ? Sleek and polished , this looks like a breadmaker but weighs in at a huge 12.5 kilos -LRB- 26 lbs -RRB- . Unlike other machines , it 's self-refrigerating -LRB- so there 's no need to freeze the mixer bowl before use -RRB- . The leaflet recommends using a chocolate creme Anglaise -LRB- custard , to us regular folk -RRB- made from cream , milk , egg yolks , dark chocolate and sugar , which is cooled and poured into the bowl which sits within the machine . Then you pick from the 12 consistencies the machine can make -LRB- including sorbet , frozen yogurt , gelato and ice cream -RRB- , turn it on and let the rotating paddle whip it together . Thirty minutes later , a litre of your favourite ice creamis ready . Is it any good ? Beautifully smooth and truly delicious . We all licked our bowls clean . Best of all , the machine signalled that it was ready by playing a retro ice cream van jingle , which the kids adored . Verdict : A fantastic ice cream maker , but bulky and expensive . Rating : . The Sage Smart Scoop by Heston Blumenthal is a fantastic ice cream maker , but bulky and expensive . BEST BUDGET BUY . Shake n Make Ice Cream Maker , £ 14.99 , thefowndry.com . How does it work ? This looks more like a large plastic takeaway cup . Half-fill it with crushed ice and four tbsp of salt , then place your ice cream mix , a 50/50 blend of milk , single cream , flavouring and sugar , in the metal cone-shaped container which sits inside , screw it together and shake vigorously for three minutes . A neat , individual portion of ice cream should be waiting inside . Is it any good ? A doddle for the children to use , and educational too -- they loved learning how salt helps make the frozen dessert -LRB- it allows the very cold , melting ice to cover a greater area of the metal cone , if you 're interested -RRB- . So we were disappointed to find little more than a frothy milkshake , despite three minutes of serious shaking from Florence . Stanley took over for two minutes , but the resulting thin , rock hard layer of vanilla ice cream had to be chiselled off the sides . A second attempt , with a four-minute shake , gave a more palatable result . Verdict : A fun gadget , but for all that effort , it 's a bit leaky and you only get a small portion . Rating : . Mandy 's best for budgets is the Shake n Make Ice Cream Maker -LRB- left -RRB- but for kids the giant plastic ` ice cream cone ' -LRB- right -RRB- from John Lewis is perfect . BEST FOR CHILDREN . Chill Factor Ice Cream Maker , £ 12.99 , johnlewis.com . How does it work ? This giant plastic ` ice cream cone ' had the kids salivating before we 'd even started . You simply freeze the soft , rubbery cornet section , which is lined with thick freezable gel , for four to six hours , then use the lid to measure out the ingredients recommended in the leaflet -- in our case , just single cream , strawberry sauce and a little sugar . Then you tip the ingredients into the frozen cornet , screw the container back together and give everything a shake . Finally , you remove the top section of the lid and squeeze the cornet repeatedly for 30 seconds to encourage the ice cream to freeze and churn , before diving in -- you can eat directly from the container with the long-handled spoon supplied , saving on washing up ! Is it any good ? It 's surprisingly well-made , considering the price , and really easy to use . We were all amazed at how quickly it transformed the contents into a sweet but slightly lumpy soft-serve ice cream . Clever . Verdict : A cute , well-made gadget that children will love . Rating : . Cute , pink and compact , this machine is designed to produce a smaller , 500 ml portion of ice cream -LRB- that 's the same size as a tub of Ben & Jerry 's or Haagen-Dazs -RRB- . BEST FOR PERFECT PORTIONS . Lakeland Mini Ice Cream Maker , £ 19.99 , lakeland.co.uk . How does it work ? Florence fell in love with this as soon as she saw it . Cute , pink and compact , it 's designed to produce a smaller , 500 ml portion of ice cream -LRB- that 's the same size as a tub of Ben & Jerry 's or Haagen-Dazs -RRB- . The removable bowl-shaped base also fits neatly in to my packed freezer . Once it 's thoroughly frozen -LRB- which takes about eight hours -RRB- you slot the lid , motor and paddle together and fix them on top of the base . Then you flick the on/off switch and slowly pour in your ice cream mix , in our case a cooked custard recommended in the handbook , made from whole milk , double cream , egg yolk , sugar and vanilla paste . Your ice cream should be ready in 15-20 minutes . Is it any good ? As you 'd expect from Lakeland , this is a high-quality , no-fuss product that delivers -- neatly and without too much noise . The only downside ? You need to keep an eye on it to get the texture of the ice cream just right . Verdict : A basic but handy little ` everyday ' gadget . Rating : . BEST FOR RETRO FANS . Gourmet Gadgetry Retro Diner 3 in 1 Slush and Soft Serve Ice Cream Maker , £ 59.99 , Robert Dyas . How does it work ? At first glance , this Fifties-inspired machine looks more like a blender -LRB- or ` a bubblegum dispenser ' according to my children -RRB- . In fact , it makes and dispenses both soft-serve ice cream and slushy drinks , and has a tall aluminium ice cylinder inside the plastic vessel . First , you fill the aluminium cylinder with salt , ice and water , then put on the lid and set it to start mixing . As the paddles rotate , you pour your ice cream mixture -- mine was a blend of condensed milk , double cream , whole milk , sugar , vanilla extract and mashed fresh strawberries -- into the plastic casing , and watch as the combination of the icy central cylinder and stirring starts to create ice cream . At first glance , this Fifties-inspired machine looks more like a blender -LRB- or ` a bubblegum dispenser ' according to my children -RRB- . Once the ice cream looks ready , which takes approximately 12 minutes , turn the machine to ` dispense ' mode for a stream of velvety soft ice cream . Is it any good ? Super-easy to use , but quite noisy . We also had to remember to top up the ice as it melted before the ice cream had formed . But the kids loved dispensing the result , which comes out ` Mr Whippy ' style . And they declared it ` delicious ' , although it melted too quickly for my liking . Verdict : A statement gadget -- but it 's noisy , and you need to be quick before the ice cream melts . Rating : . BEST FOR A QUICK TREAT . Zoku Ice Cream Maker Bowl , £ 19.99 , domu.co.uk . How does it work ? A brightly coloured , plastic and metal bowl that allows you to make a portion of ice cream by hand . Freeze the metal bowl section that sits within the plastic casing for 12 hours in your freezer , return it to the plastic case and pour in your ice cream recipe . We used the recommended chocolate recipe , made with a little whole milk , cream , sugar , cocoa powder and a pinch of salt . Stir the ingredients and scrape the sides of the bowl continuously with the spatula-style spoon supplied and the frozen bowl will produce a delicious ice cream in under ten minutes . Is it any good ? Stanley loved the idea of this , and he thought the bowl looked ` cool ' once assembled -LRB- praise indeed from a 13-year-old -RRB- . Yet after five minutes of stirring , he started to lose heart , as did I when the mixture splashed messily over the sides . After a bit more scraping and stirring , a solid white film of ice cream started to form on the steel bowl , and five minutes later , he had a generous portion of lovely , soft ice cream , into which he sprinkled a little grated chocolate . Simply delicious ! Verdict : A fun , but slightly messy way to make and personalise your own ice creams . Requires elbow grease . Rating : . A brightly coloured , plastic and metal bowl that allows you to make a portion of ice cream by hand .