Honesty is key in any relationship -- but almost half of us lie to our partners about our finances , a study has revealed . Forty-five per cent of Britons have lied about their earnings , spending , bills or credit cards . And 41 per cent said they were in the dark about their partner 's finances . Around one in five have lied to a partner about what they earn , with 10 per cent of those surveyed having understated their salary , four per cent having overstated it and another four per cent admitting to lying in both ways . The survey by financial guide Money Advice Service found 45 per cent of Brion have lied about their earnings , spending and credit cars , and 41 per cent of people surveyed di n't know how much their partner earned . Of those who downplayed their wages , the main reason was to spare the feelings of a partner who earned less . However some said they lied to make sure their partner was with them for the right reasons -- and not because of their bank account . The majority of insecure workers who exaggerated their salary to a partner because they did n't think they would stand a chance otherwise . Not wanting a partner to think they earned more came in second . The research by financial guide Money Advice Service also found that 24 per cent lied to their partners about what they spend on themselves . For women clothes were the biggest reason for lying , with 66 per cent fibbing about the cost of their wardrobe , while for men , technology purchases had caused 27 per cent to lie . The main reason for lying , the survey found , was to spare the feelings of a partner who earned less . Of the women who lied about how much they spend on themselves , two-thirds were n't honest with their partners about how much they spent on clothes and shoes . One in four men lied about technology purchases . Nick Hill , from Money Advice Service , says : ` For many couples , honesty is key to their relationship , but our research shows that many people hide the truth from their other half . ` Some people are comfortable telling their partner the truth about their finances , while others opt to hide their income or spending in order to avoid having a difficult conversation . ` The important thing to take away from this research is that money should not be a taboo subject within a relationship . ` It is vital to know where you stand in order to protect your finances both during a relationship and when coming out of one and you 'll feel much more positive , open and honest about your relationship as a result . '