He 's been mocked for his inability to eat a bacon sandwich properly and likened to cartoon character Wallace - but that did n't prevent Ed Miliband from coming top in the sex appeal stakes during last night 's debate . Moments after the Labour leader finished speaking , fans took to Twitter to coo adoringly about his ` sexy grey tie ' and his smouldering looks . One rather breathless Tweet read : ` Miliband is totally talking to me and no one else , you sexy beast . Keep staring down the camera Ed ! #leadersdebate ' Scroll down for video . So hot right now : Ed Miliband 's looks proved a hit with Twitter users during last night 's debate . Another , Holly Ashby , asked why no one had asked Mr Miliband a question about his hair , complaining : . ` Why has no one asked about Ed Miliband 's sexy Rogue-From-X-Men grey streak ? It 's all I care about tbh . ' One fan even likened Miliband to Hansel , a character from modelling comedy Zoolander , tweeting : . ` Ed seducing the ladies with his patter . He 's so hot right now , just like Hansel #leadersdebate #zoolander ' Another , named Chloeee , added : ` Ed Miliband really is hot . ' Shortly afterwards , a Vine of Mr Miliband smouldering sultrily into the camera took the internet by storm , while popular website Buzzfeed took note of the phenomenon and published a piece rounding up the best romantic Tweets . But Mr Miliband , 45 , who spent the day after the debate in Blackpool with his family , is n't the first politician to find himself on the receiving end of attention based on his good looks . Family day out : Mr Miliband has spent the day enjoying fish and chips with his family in Blackpool . On the campaign trail : Mr Miliband was canvassing for votes and drafted in his wife and sons to help out . Making his point : It was n't just Mr Miliband 's looks that got viewers talking . Impressed : A viewer finds herself enjoying the sight of Mr Miliband 's saturnine looks . Enjoying it : Two watching women compare their notes on the Labour leader . Favourite bit : One Twitter user declared her love for Mr Miliband 's ` Rogue-From-X-Men ' grey streak . Handsome : Another Twitter user was surprised to find herself fancying the Labour leader . Last October , Swedish health minister Gabriel Wikström , 30 , found himself bombarded by risqué messages from adoring Turkish fans after making a visit to the country . Nicknamed ` the handsome minister ' by his growing legion of fans , Wikström , a Social Democrat who holds the position of Public Health Minister , said at the time that he was ` honoured ' by all the attention . Speaking to English language Swedish daily newspaper , The Local , he said : ` I ca n't feel anything but honoured and glad . And a little bit surprised , I must admit . ' Denmark 's prime minister Helle Thorning-Schmidt , 48 , is another politician famous for her glamorous looks , while her 39-year-old agriculture minister , Dan Jørgensen , has also proved a hit with the ladies . Impressed : Viewers appeared to appreciate Mr Miliband 's ` sexy tie ' and the grey streak in his hair . Seductive : Another compared Mr Miliband to Hansel from Zoolander , adding : ` He 's so hot right now ' Was it deliberate ? One Twitter user appeared less convinced by Mr Miliband 's smoulder . Swoon : A Twitter user describes Mr Miliband as a ` sexy beast ' and exhorts him to keep looking at the camera . Sexy MP : Swedish health minister Gabriel Wikström has proved a big hit with the ladies . Arguably the most popular of all though , other than Wikström himself , is 36-year-old Hans Linde of Sweden 's Left Party , who is as famous for his handsome face as he is for his politics . And while Denmark and Sweden have plenty of good-looking ministers to choose from , the UK has several of its own . Although Sexy MP , a website dedicated to Parliament 's great and good-looking , has now shut down , it regularly put Conservative MP Zac Goldsmith , 40 , at the top of its looks list while running . MPs snapping at Mr Goldsmith 's heels include Labour 's shadow education and business secretaries , Tristram Hunt , 40 , and Chuka Umunna , 36 , . Other politicians to set pulses racing , both past and present , include Barack Obama , French prime minister Manuel Valls and Mexican president Enrique Peña Nieto . And now , of course , Ed Miliband as well . Smouldering : Mexican president Enrique Peña Nieto has won plaudits for his saturnine good looks . Hot stuff : Labour 's Chuka Umunna and Tristram Hunt are almost as swooned over as their party leader . Conservative crumpet : Zac Goldsmith is considered one of the UK 's best looking parliamentarians . Latin lover : French prime minister Manuel Valls is as famous for his looks as he is for his policies .