A man dying of terminal cancer has decided not to check into the hospital but rather hit the streets as an Uber driver . Ken Broskey , 69 , of Livonia , Michigan , has been diagnosed with stage 4 Oropharyngeal cancer , and his doctors have urged him to check into hospice care . Instead , Broskey , formerly a real estate agent , has taken a job with Uber , hoping to make enough money in what time he has left to pay off his mortgage so his daughter and two grandchildren can continue to live in his house . Scroll down for video . Ken Broskey -LRB- above -RRB- has stage 4 cancer , and has taken a job as an Uber driver . This so he can earn money to pay off his mortgage before he dies so his daughter and grandchildren -LRB- above -RRB- can have his house . Now he is getting a little help too from Uber after they heard about his story . The company has donated $ 5,000 to the man , and is also donating $ 1 to a GoFundMe campaign set up for the man for every rider who enters UberPartnerKen into their app when requesting a car before Monday . This is all thanks to the work of Roland Gainer , a college student who started a campaign to help Broskey after riding in the man 's car . ` His situation reminded me of the helplessness I felt watching my mother battle -LRB- but beat -RRB- cancer when I was in high school , ' writes Gainer on the aforementioned GoFundMe page he set up for Broskey . And in just a few days , the fundraiser has almost reached its $ 95,000 goal . Roland Gainer -LRB- above -RRB- , a college student , started a GoFundMe page for Broskey after meeting him which has almost reached its $ 95,000 goal . ` For Ken , if we could buy him time , that would be our request , but we ca n't , ' says Gainer . ` We can , however , using our relationships and resources help to give him peace -- and his family their home - in his final days . ' It is not just the money either , as Boskey and Gainer also seem to have forged a true friendship . Says Gainer ; ` My unlikely friendship with Ken has defied age , race , geographic , and economic boundaries and is bound by the common good of mankind . ' He then adds ; ` But , it wo n't defy time . '