As any parent will know , children 's feet will often grow faster than it is possible to buy them new shoes to keep them shod . However , one charity has come up with an innovative new type of shoe that grows with a child 's feet . The Shoe that Grows uses adjustable buckles and a strap on the toe to expand by five sizes . Scroll down for video . The Shoe that Grows -LRB- pictured -RRB- has adjustable points at the front , sides and the back of the sandal to help it expand . Kenton Lee , from Nampa , Idaho , came up with the idea while working in Nairobi in Kenya after seeing children running around barefoot and in shoes several sizes too small . Kenton Lee , from Nampa , Idaho , came up with the idea while working in Nairobi in Kenya after seeing children running around barefoot and in shoes several sizes too small . He said : ` It got me asking questions and finally all these questions led to an idea - what if there were a shoe that could adjust and expand ? Self-tying shoelaces could become a reality after engineers designed a shoe that can automatically lace up , adjusting itself to the shape of your foot . Pressure sensors in the shoe tell it when your foot is in position , triggering a tiny motor in the heel that pulls the laces tight . When you want to take off the shoes , click your heels together twice and the motor will release a spring in the shoe 's tongue , loosening the laces so the footwear can be slipped off . The ingenious invention even runs on power generated by the swing of your foot as you walk . ` What if we had a pair of shoes where they could just adjust their shoes any time their feet grow . ` That way they will always have a pair of shoes that always fit . ` I really feel that we have created something incredible . ' Children 's feet grow incredibly quickly with those aged between two and six years old going up a size almost every few months . For those living in the wealthy developed countries , this can be a burden on their parent 's wallets . However , for those living in developing countries where buying new shoes every few months is not an option , the risk of running around barefoot can be severe . Children can cut their feet and get infections while they can also pick up parasites like worms through their skin . The Shoe that Grows , which resembles a typical sandal , has a tough compressed rubber sole to protect the wearer 's feet , with a soft leather upper . The shoe can expand five sizes by adjusting the straps at the front and back and the poppers on the sides -LRB- pictured -RRB- . It currently comes in two different size ranges - small and large and a single pair costs $ 30 -LRB- £ 20 -RRB- but buying 100 pairs reduces the cost to $ 12 -LRB- £ 8 -RRB- . The shoe has a tough rubber sole and a leather upper that is designed to last five years , the maker say . Poppers on the side allow the width to be adjusted as the child 's feet expand while a strap on the toe can be moved to make the shoe longer.A buckle on the back also can be ajusted to help make the shoes fit better . Poppers on the size allow the width to be adjusted as the child 's feet expand while a strap on the toe can be moved to make the shoe longer . A buckle on the back also can be adjusted to help make the shoes fit better . Mr Lee said the shoes were designed to grow five sizes and last five years . They currently come in two different size ranges - small , which is designed for children from Kindergarten age up to 4th grade - and large which is for children from 5th grade to 9th grade . A single pair costs $ 30 but buying 100 pairs reduces the cost to $ 12 . Mr Lee is working with an organisation called Because International which aims to send the shoes to orphanages in Africa . They are hoping that other charities and health workers will take shoes out with them when they visit areas to hand out to children . Mr Lee is working with an organisation called Because International which aims to send the shoes to orphanages in Africa . They are hoping that other charities and health workers will take shoes out with them when they visit areas to hand out to children . Mr Lee had been working with 140 Aids orphans at the Motherly Care Children 's Home in Nairobi , Kenya , when he had the idea for the shoe . He said : ` I 'll never forget it . One day I was walking down a road with a group of kids from an orphanage where I was staying . ` Next to me there was a girl in a white dress . As I looked down her shoes were so small and as I looked around there were so many other kids with shoes that were too small for them . '