The father of a 10-year-old Minnesota boy whose body was found in the Mississippi River over the weekend was arrested Monday , less than a month after he appeared at a vigil tearfully pleading for his safe return . Pierre Collins was taken into custody on suspicion of second-degree murder in the death of Barway Collins , Crystal Police Chief Stephanie Revering said in a news release . Pierre Collins was phootgraphed Monday being placed in the back of a squad car in handcuffs and taken away from his apartment complex in Crystal . He will be processed and taken to the Hennepin County Jail . Pierre Collins , the father of a 10-year-old boy whose body was found in the Mississippi River over the weekend , sits in the back of a police vehicle after he was arrested Monday on suspicion of second-degree murder . A body pulled from the Mississippi River on Saturday has been identified as Barway Edward Collins -LRB- above -RRB- , 10 , who has been missing for nearly a month . Collins ' wife , Yamah Collins , was later escorted to an unmarked police vehicle and also driven away . She was not cuffed . A timeline for charging will be determined by the Hennepin County Attorney 's office , Revering said . Revering said authorities have electronic evidence that shows Mr Collins , 33 , was in that area of the river at the time the fourth-grader disappeared . Authorities said the body of the ten-year-old was found on Saturday around 1 pm by searchers from a Boy Scout troop - about ten feet from the river 's edge in Brooklyn Center . The police chief said Sunday the boy 's father was a primary suspect in the case . Collins has said he is innocent . Crystal Police Chief Stephanie Revering said authorities have electronic evidence that reveals that the boy 's father , Pierre Collins , was in that area at the time he disappeared -LRB- above Revering during a news conference on April 12 , 2015 in Crystal , Minnesota -RRB- . Barway 's father , 33-year-old Pierre Collins -LRB- pictured left as he stands with his wife , Yamah , during a vigil held for his son last month -RRB- is a primary suspect in the homicide investigation involving his son . ` This location is consistent with our knowledge of Pierre Collin 's activities on March 18 and he remains a primary suspect , ' said Revering . The Hennepin County Medical Examiner said the cause and manner of Barway 's death are still being investigated . The case is being considered a homicide based on the autopsy and information from the medical examiner , said Revering . A report last month by Fox 9 said that according to sources , Pierre Collins , took out a life insurance policy in Barway 's name totaling $ 30,000 not long before the child went missing . Authorities have seized Pierre Collins ' passport to ensure the Liberain national stays in the US . Police were stationed at his apartment complex for his own protection after reports of death threats . On Sunday , Pastor Harding Smith , of the Spiritual Church of God who has been acting as the family 's spokesman said when the family received the news , there were a lot of tears , according to Twin Cities . ` There were lots of tears and lots of screams , ' he said . ` There was disbelief , hurt , sadness . There is a deep sense of loss when you enter that home . ' Alexander Collins , executive director of the Liberian Ministry Association , said : ` We also want to make clear to the perpetrator of this tragedy , that wherever you are , you will be found . This evil will be found . ` Wherever you are hiding , under a car , underground , make no mistake our community does not abide this evil . ' The Hennepin County Medical Examiner said the cause and manner of Barway 's death are still being investigated . Barway , who was a student at Evergreen Park World Cultures Community School , was last seen after school last month . In video released by police -LRB- scenes from footage above -RRB- , Barway says ` there 's my dad ' and ` there 's my uncle ' In a March 25 interview with the Star Tribune , Pierre Collins said he was not home when his son disappeared and he was upset to be considered a suspect . ` I 've been working with the police just to bring my son home , ' he told the newspaper . ` I will do whatever they want just so Barway can come home . I have nothing to do with Barway 's missing . ' His wife and Barway 's stepmother , Yamah Collins , also said she and her husband did not know who took the boy , and they pleaded for his safe return . Pierre Collins -LRB- right -RRB- , accompanied by Pastor Harding Smith -LRB- center -RRB- , the family 's spokesman , was interviewed by Nancy Grace last month , saying that he failed the polygraph test because he was very emotional . Police said on Sunday that the boy 's father -LRB- above -RRB- is a ` primary suspect ' as the case becomes a homicide investigation . Police released a video of Barway riding a bus after school . In the video , the boy said ` there 's my dad ' and ` there 's my uncle . ' ` The father and the party described as an ` uncle ' are likely the last known people to have seen Barway , ' Revering said , as reported by the Star-Tribune . ` Unfortunately , we have reason to believe that Barway 's father has not been completely truthful with us . ' Addressing the footage on the bus , Pierre Collins explained to Nancy Grace that in the Liberian community , children commonly refer to adults as ` uncle ' or ` auntie . ' When pressed by Grace about the failed polygraph test , Collins explained that he was ` very emotional ' during the test . ` I was n't ... myself when I took the polygraph , ' he said . The boy was reported missing by his father at around 6.30 pm on March 18 after the child failed to come home from school -LRB- above a massive billboard featuring a missing ad for Barway -RRB- . Barway , who was a student at Evergreen Park World Cultures Community School , was last seen after school last month . The boy was reported missing by his father at around 6.30 pm on March 18 after the child failed to come home from school . A call to the school bus company revealed that the 10-year-old was dropped off outside his building at around 4.15 pm . Video surveillance from his apartment complex shows he was about to go inside , but then turned around as if he was called over to the parking lot by someone he knew , and he walked away , police said last month . Rosario Ramirez left and her children Daniela , five , Isaac , nine , and Juan , 11 , pay their respects to Barway Collins during a vigil at Cedarwood apartments in Crystal , Minnesota held last month . A young boy adds a donation for Barway Collins ' family to the pile during the vigil last month . The family told the Star Tribune that Barway emigrated from his home country of Liberia , where his mother lives , to stay with his father in 2011 . The father said he wanted ` to make him better ' and for Barway to eventually go to college . While looking for Barway , local police , federal agents and Hennepin County 's sheriff 's deputies searched the area with K-9 dogs , reviewing footage from surveillance cameras and interviewing family members and witnesses .