Reality star Linsey ` Jade ' Berardi has died aged 22 . Linsey starred in season 12 of Bad Girls Club : Chicago which aired in May 2014 on Oxygen . No details or cause of death have been released . The network confirmed her passing in a statement on Friday : ` We are deeply saddened by the loss of Linsey ` Jade ' Berardi , who appeared in Season 12 . ' Scroll down for video . Tragic : Bad Girls Club star Linsey ` Jade ' Berardi has died aged 22 . ` Our deepest sympathy and heartfelt thoughts go out to her family , friends and fans . ' She is reportedly survived by her parents , a brother , and a sister . Linsey , who was nicknamed the ` Brooklyn Brat ' on the show , voluntarily exited the shower after getting into a fight with contestant Jada Cacchilli and a cameraman in the second episode . After initially believing the news to be a hoax , several of her co-stars have paid tribute to her on social media . Brief stint : Linsey , pictured in May last year , was booted off the Oxygen network show on the second episode . Her former nemesis Jada wrote on Instagram : ` Sad to find out @misslinseyjade life was cut so short ... Despite our introduction on BGC we became cool and were able to let the bs go . ' She added : ` However she was taken , I pray it was a peaceful depart . We may not have been friends BUT we shared an experience most will never have or truly understand . ' ` However she was taken , I pray it was a peaceful depart . ' ` We may not have been friends BUT we shared an experience most will never have or truly understand . ' Following another Instagram tribute to Linsey , Jada cryptically tweeted : ` Drugs ruin so many lives ' . Castmate Loren ` Lo ' London tweeted : ` I pray that the news is not true but if it is I send my condolences to Lindsey 's family and friends #BGC12 ' The Oxygen network said that Lindsey 's family was asking , in lieu of flowers , for donations to be send to animal shelters to honor . Oxygen says that in lieu of flowers , Linsey 's family has asked for any donations be sent to animal shelters because she was a ` lifetime animal lover and passionate advocate ' . Gone too soon : She is reportedly survived by her parents , a brother , and a sister . Her former nemesis Jada wrote on Instagram : ` Sad to find out @misslinseyjade life was cut so short ... Despite our introduction on BGC we became cool and were able to let the bs go '