Spanish police have killed a man in his 70s who barricaded himself into his home after shooting his daughter 's boyfriend and a police officer last night . Following a night of failed negotiations , the shooter opened fire on the the armed police unit that stormed the house at 8 am this morning . The man who has been named as Jose Luis by Spanish daily El Pais yelled ` enter if you have the balls ' before an intense firefight ensued . Wounded : A Spanish man who shot and wounded his daughter 's boyfriend -LRB- both pictured -RRB- and barricaded himself into his own home has been shot dead . He shot at the officers who raided the home in the north-eastern city of Zaragoza and seriously wounded one before they shot him dead . His daughter has been been pictured lying next to her injured partner outside the house in Ejea de los Caballeros . The 50-year-old man is in a serious condition at Hospital Clinico in Zaragoza after being shot twice in the shoulder with a shotgun , according to The Local . 15 minutes after the first attack , the now-dead shooter also shot a police officer who approached the house . A police spokesman has said said the man holed up in his own house for over 12 hours after shooting the two men who both needed medical treatment . An officer gave these details to el Periodico on the condition of anonymity because force regulations prevent him from being identified publicly . Forced entry : After a night of failed negotiations in Zaragoza , an elite police unit stormed the man 's house this morning -LRB- pictured -RRB- and killed him . Agents tried to coax the man into leaving his home throughout the night without success - and had to return early this morning with armed officers . The Civil Guard finally decided to enter the house and confront the man who was shot dead when they slammed open the front door . Locals in the town , which has around 10,000 inhabitants , told El País that the man has three daughters and is usually ` calm ' keeping himself to himself .