The devastated parents of a 31-year-old Australian nurse who died six days after giving birth to her second child have revealed how doctors once told them their daughter would n't even live to see her sixth birthday , let alone have her own children . Anne-Louise van den Nieuwenhof was diagnosed with a rare bone and soft tissue cancer , called Ewing 's sarcoma , aged just five , and her parents were informed she only had three months to live . Incredibly Anne-Louise went on to defy all the odds against her , eventually moving to Canada where she worked as a nurse and began raising her own family . However , she tragically died during a routine hospital check-up for her baby girl Elizabeth Kelly , near her home in Rossland , British Columbia in Canada , six days after giving birth on March 10 . A fundraising page set up by her friends has raised an incredible $ 40,000 in her memory . Anne-Louise van den Nieuwenhof -LRB- right -RRB- died suddenly just six days after giving birth to her baby daughter -LRB- centre -RRB- . ` After such immense joy , there is now such sadness and pain over this tragic loss , ' the page says . Anne-Louise , who grew up in Sydney , collapsed in the waiting area of the Canadian hospital and is believed to have died suddenly from a burst cyst in her pancreas . Her husband Ryan Kelly wrote on Facebook after her death : ` Instantly all the hospital 's emergency staff were there and did everything in their power and worked longer than ever before but could n't bring my love , partner , mother to my children , best friend back from the angels . ' In a touching tribute he said : ` It 's not fair , nothing could be more sad or devastating . But we have been swallowed by love and support and energy of a community spread all over the world , we all will carry on and be strong for Lou and follow her courageous example of living . ' Ryan is now tasked with raising their two-year-old son Emerson and newborn Elizabeth as a single parent . Anne-Louise 's two children , Emerson -LRB- left -RRB- and Elizabeth -LRB- right -RRB- , are being for by her husband and their father Ryan . Anne-Louise -LRB- right -RRB- was with her husband Ryan -LRB- left -RRB- when she collapsed in the waiting area of a Canadian hospital . He said the children are ` both doing great ' and noted ` we all are feeling the love you all are sending . It is giving us strength to get through this terrible time . We could n't do it without you . ' Anne-Louise 's father Ray van den Nieuwenhof told the Sydney Morning Herald how his daughter had courageously battled cancer at the age of five after being given a triple dose of chemotherapy . She developed the cancer again while in Year 11 at school and underwent extensive surgery but went on to become a high achiever , who flourished in sport , politics and her medical career . Anne-Louise van den Nieuwenhof 's Facebook photo shows her with her siblings Mary-Ellen , Timothy and Michael . A Gofundme page set up to help the family reads : ` Lou was an amazing young woman . She was a fantastic mom to two year old Emerson and little Beth , devoted spouse , best friend and soulmate to Ryan , and loved dearly by all of her family and friends . ` She touched the lives of everyone she knew through her contagious smile , support and compassion for others and love for life and adventure . She will be forever missed . ' In a tragic twist , one of Anne-Louise 's colleagues at the hospital where she worked was killed on the way home from her funeral on Thursday . Amanda Koppin 's car was hit by a tree which fell from a cliff while she was driving with her husband and two-year-old son .