With a possible 11 games left to their season Barcelona 's front three of Leo Messi , Luis Suarez and Neymar are just seven goals short of clocking up a century in their first season together . The three amigos will match the total scored by Thierry Henry , Samuel Eto'o and Messi in 2009 if they reach 100 goals and they will inevitably fuel the debate that they are fast becoming the greatest front three in Barcelona 's history . Henry scored 26 , Eto'o 36 and Messi 38 goals in the 2008-09 season . In this campaign Messi has 46 , Neymar 28 and Suarez 19 despite missing the first three months through suspension . Scroll down for video . Lionel Messi , Neymar Jnr and Luis Suarez are seven goals short of reaching 100 for the season . Messi rounds Valencia goalkeeper Diego Alves to score during Barcelona 's 2-0 win on Saturday . Suarez celebrates with Neymar and Messi after netting the opener against Valencia in the La Liga clash . Gareth Bale with 17 , Cristiano Ronaldo with 50 , and Karim Benzema 22 , have 86 between them for Real Madrid but the question is no longer can Messi , Suarez and Neymar out-do their La Liga rivals , rather can they out-do the greatest forward lines in Barcelona 's history ? The Henry/Eto ' o/Messi forward line won the 2009 European Cup and was followed two years later -- after the failed attempt to bring Zlatan Ibrahimovic into the mix in 2010 -- by the Messi/David Villa/Pedro strike force that also won a European Cup against Manchester United in 2011 . They scored 98 goals in the 2010-11 season with Messi getting 53 , Villa 23 and Pedro 21 . Both attacks had a tendency to come good in the Clasicos with the Henry/Eto ' o/Messi strikeforce playing in one of the most famous Real Madrid-Barcelona games of all time in 2009 with Barca winning 6-2 at the Bernabeu and Henry and Messi both scored twice . Messi celebrates with Thierry Henry after Barcelona won the Champions League in 2009 . The Argentine congratulates team-mate Samuel Eto'o after he scores in the Champions League final in 2009 . The current combination lacks the European Cup the other two have and a big win over Real Madrid but there is still time for them to combine the two with a Clasico final still a possibility . When they first came together at the start of the season there was the fear among Barcelona supporters that the team would not be big enough for the three of them . Barça legend Johan Cruyff had already warned a year early that ` a ship can not have two captains ' and that Neymar and Messi would not get on . When Suarez was introduced that was , for some , another reason to believe Luis Enrique would have problems . But nothing could have been further from the truth . Suarez has had his fair share of highly controversial incidents but has never been a bad influence in the dressing room . In Monday 's training session at Barça 's Sports City he received a playful knee between the legs from Neymar in a light-hearted training session ahead of tonight 's game . His relationship with the Brazilian is good ; and with Messi 's it 's even better . After a slow start to his Barca career Suarez has now scored 19 goals despite missing the first months of the season through suspension . Messi celebrates with Suarez after the Uruguay international netted against Valencia . Messi never saw eye to eye with David Villa or Ibrahimovic and both were put out at times at having to play second fiddle to the four times Balon d'Or winner but after a season accommodating Daniel Sturridge 's preference for playing through the middle , the demands of Messi have not been a problem for Suarez . The training-ground chemistry has been good and has translated on to the pitch . Goals statistics aside Barcelona have always boasted brilliant front threes . Messi was first thrust into a forward line that boasted Ronaldinho and Eto'o and they won the Champions League in 2004 against Arsenal . Hristo Stoichkov , Michael Laudrup and Romario was Johan Cruyff 's Dream Team front three in the 1993-94 season but their time together was brief and they never won the European Cup -- losing 4-0 to Milan with Laudrup on the bench . If this season ends with Messi , Suarez and Neymar smashing the 100 goals barrier and lifting the trophy in Berlin no other forward line in Barcelona 's history will be able to touch them .