Australian artist George Gittoes says his 2015 Sydney Peace Prize is welcome recognition that ` creativity is the opposite of war ' . The 65-year-old was named as the recipient on Saturday in recognition of his 45 years chronicling conflicts around the world . The jury recognised Gittoes ` for his courage to witness and confront violence in the war zones of the world ' and for ` enlisting the arts to subdue aggression ' . Australian artist George Gittoes , pictured at his studio in Bundeena - south of Sydney in 2007 , has just been awarded the Sydney Peace Prize . The 65-year-old was named as the recipient on Saturday in recognition of his 45 years chronicling conflicts around the world . Gittoes told AAP he does n't consider himself in the same league as previous winners , which include Archbishop Desmond Tutu and academic Noam Chomsky but said it 's great to have an artist recognised in a peace award . ` Artists can make a huge difference . We 're communicators and we 're creating , and creativity is the opposite of war , where they 're destroying , ' he said . ` It does n't matter which artist gets it , its great that that 's been acknowledged . ' Gittoes , born in southern Sydney , has chronicled conflicts in Africa , Asia , Europe and the Middle East through painting , photography and film . Gittoes , born in southern Sydney , has chronicled conflicts in Africa , Asia , Europe and the Middle East through painting , photography and film . The pictured artwork is from his 30 Years -- Long Journey exhibition in 2007 . ` George Gittoes is daring , brash an irreverent - qualities Australians identify with , ' said chair of the Sydney Peace Foundation , David Hirsh . ` The jury felt his unique approach to peace building and social justice should be recognised and applauded . ' Mr Gittoes recently visited war-torn Afghanistan , establishing an artist collective in the city of Jalalabad . He will receive the prize at a November ceremony in Sydney . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .