An Oregon woman who came home and beat her boyfriend 's former girlfriend with a crowbar after finding her getting high on heroin in her bathroom will no longer face prosecution . Elena Curtin of Portland was seven-months pregnant when she was charged with second-degree assault after she struck her boyfriend 's ex in the head and arm with a crowbar in November 2014 . She was set to go to trial in Multnomah County Circuit Court this week , but prosecutors dropped the charge on Monday because Curtin , 23 , was ` completely justified in her outrage ' . Elena Curtin of Portland , Oregon , was seven-months pregnant when she was charged with second-degree assault after she struck her boyfriend 's ex in the head and arm with a crowbar in November 2014 . Curtin gave birth in January . When Curtin came home , she found her boyfriend 's ex-girlfriend shooting heroin while sitting on her toilet , Oregonian/OregonLive reported . When she asked her to leave and the woman refused , Curtin beat her with a crowbar . Oregon law allows for use of physical force against an intruder who wo n't leave a resident 's home . Curtin 's defense attorney , Casey Kovacic , said the ex-girlfriend was ` jealous and bitter ' that the boyfriend was in a relationship with his client . The boyfriend , who is the father of Curtin 's child , struggled with heroin in the past . The ex and the boyfriend had gotten high at the apartment before and they have a five-year-old child . They have since reconciled and Curtin is now living with her parents . The boyfriend has not been a part of his new child 's life . Kovacic wrote in an email : ` In the two years leading up to this incident , -LSB- the ex -RSB- made it her personal mission to make Elena 's life miserable . ` She routinely harassed and threatened to hurt Elena , stole from her , and cruelly plotted to drag -LSB- the boyfriend -RSB- back into addiction . ` That 's one silver lining - she 's -LSB- Curtin -RSB- been able to examine how bad -LRB- her relationship -RRB- was and move on with her life . ' If she had gone to trial and been convicted , Curtin would have faced received a mandatory prison sentence of almost six years . Curtin was charged after coming home and finding her boyfriend 's ex-girlfriend shooting heroin in her bathroom .