A Hillary Clinton campaign official explained on Monday why her presidential advisers have brought pre-screened partisans to some events promoted as an opportunity for the former secretary of state to meet with ` everyday Americans . ' Just steps away in a Keene , New Hampshire bakery , a few run-of-the-mill people decided they did n't want to be seen with her . ` There was a bit of a thing back here when she came in , ' explained Marcia DuBois , a cashier at Kristin 's Bistro & Bakery on Washington Street , where Clinton spent a half-hour talking with customers and shaking hands . ` A few of the staff did n't want to come out to meet Hillary , ' DuBois said . ` They just do n't like her . ' ` Which is too bad , ' a co-worker offered while looking furtively to see who was listening . ` You may not agree with her . Okay . But you should respect the office she 's shooting for . ' Scroll down for videos . Hillary Clinton met a few employees at Kristin 's Bakery in Keene , New Hampshire on Monday as her presidential campaign in the Granite State got underway , but some in the kitchen refused to be seen with her . The former first lady , senator and secretary of state posed with locals before a small-business roundtable event , but her communications director would n't rule out the possibility that some of them were brought in for the occasion . CHAT : On her way to a discussion at a local company Hillary Clinton stopped at Kristin 's bakery and met some customers . MEETING : Hillary was welcomed by people in the coffee shop - although not universally . The dissenting kitchen staffers declined to be identified or speak on the record . Others at Kristin 's were more congenial , including an infant girl named Molly who cooed while Clinton held her . ` I 'm going to take her home , ' the Democratic White House hopeful joked . While Clinton held court with three Granite Staters and their pastries , her communications director Jennifer Palmieri explained the unfolding scene . Asked whether the campaign had brought any of the customers with them , Palmieri said , ` I think maybe some of them , but I do n't know . ' New Hampshire 's WMUR-TV later reported that two of the people Clinton spoke with had been asked to come . Clinton 's team took flak last week in Iowa after a Democratic Party operative conceded that Clinton 's state political director Troy Price pre-vetted and drove a trio of activists to a coffee shop , where they played the part of everyday Americans while shutters snapped . The man , Austin Bird , had been an Obama intern in 2012 and was Vice President Joe Biden 's chauffeur when he came to Davenport Iowa last year . As senior campaign aide Huma Abedin made tea , Palmieri defended the practice of recruiting participants to attend those small meetings . It 's a necessary evil in early primary and caucus states , Palmieri said , and part of recruiting future Clinton evangelists from among the Democratic base . ` We have to go after Democrats before we do anything else , ' she insisted . ` And in Iowa ? Especially in Iowa , and New Hampshire . ' ` But sure . People are asked -- ' MEET MOLLY : Clinton enjoyed the oldest campaign tactic in the book -- posing with a baby -- on Monday , and gushing that she wanted to bring the infant home with her . SIT-DOWN : Hillary Clinton at the campaign stop at Kirsten 's bakery and coffee shop in Keene , New Hampshire . AIDE : Huma Abedin , Hillary 's right-hand woman was present for the stop today . She was by her side as they stopped in Chipotle in Ohio , where they left without leaving a tip . In LeClaire , Iowa six days ago , Clinton 's campaign took flack for bringing three Iowa Democratic partisans to a cafe where they appeared to be ` everyday Americans ' meeting over coffee . Jennifer Palmieri -LRB- file photo -RRB- . Palmieri thought briefly and reframed her comments in the past tense . ` People were asked to come to a meeting at a coffee house , ' she said , referring to a stop in in LeClaire , Iowa . Price , the Iowa political strategist , brought Bird to the Iowa coffee house along with two young women -- one a Planned Parenthood employee , the other a College Democrats chapter head . ` If someone like that loves her , then they 'll talk to other people , and so on , and that 's going to help , ' Palmieri said . ` We wanted to go after those specific people . I mean , they could go for O'Malley . They could do a lot of things . ' Former Maryland Governor Martin O'Malley has been sending signals that he 's ready to mount a challenge to Clinton . Clinton was in Keene on Monday for a roundtable discussion with small business employees . She will lead a similarly intimate event on Tuesday in Concord . Constructed : Amy Alexander -LRB- L -RRB- assembles furniture as Hillary Clinton tours the Whitney Brothers children 's toy and furniture factory in Keene . TUNE-UP : One of the Scooby vans gets a tune-up before beginning the new road trip from Chappaqua to New Hampshire this weekend . As the Democratic front-runner made her way to the back to shake hands with some of the bakery employees , she ignored questions and kept her comments superficial . One man addressed her as ` Secretary Clinton , ' while a woman settled on ` Mrs. Clinton . ' Palmieri said her boss has become accustomed to answering to a variety of titles and honorifics . ` Secretary Clinton , Senator Clinton , Mrs. Clinton -- she does n't care , ' she said .