A college basketball coach , a bar owner and a businessman were among seven killed in a private plane crash as they returned from the NCAA championship game . Illinois State associate coach Torrey Ward , meat processing business owner Scott Bittner and bar owner Terry Stralow have been confirmed as among the dead when the Cessna 414 crashed near Bloomington , Illinois , shortly after midnight on Tuesday . The party had been at the NCAA championship game between Duke and Wisconsin in Indianapolis , and Ward had made a last tweet showing off his transport to the game . He posted a picture of an aircraft different to the Cessna on Twitter with the words ` My ride to the game was n't bad ' . Bittner was married with a ten-year-old son and a twelve-year-old daughter . ISU 's deputy director of athletics for external affairs , Aaron Leetch , was also killed in the crash about two miles away from Central Illinois Regional Airport . Scroll down for video . Ward tweeted out what appears to be a different aircraft to the Cessna just before the national championship game tipped off . Killed : Illinois State associate head basketball coach Torrey Ward , left , and businessman Scott Bittner , right , were killed in the crash . A small plane on its way back from Indianapolis , Indiana , crashed near the city of Bloomington in central Illinois . The plane , a Cessna 414 -LRB- example pictured -RRB- , was on its way back from the NCAA championship basketball game . All seven occupants were pronounced dead by the county coroner , according to McLean County Sheriff Jon Sandage . The other three occupants were Jason Jones , Andy Butler and Tom Hileman , WJBC reported . Jones worked for Wells Fargo , Butler was a regional representative for Sprint and Hileman was the pilot . Scott Barrows , the father-in-law of Bittner , said his son-in-law had a regular pilot , the Chicago Tribune reported . His son-in-law owned a meat processing business called Bittner 's Meat Company , which is a division of Eureka Locker , the Pantagraph reported . He met Barrows ' daughter at Illinois State University . Barrows said : ` They were supposed to land around midnight . ` My daughter was called at 4 am . There was no contact . ` It has been confirmed they are dead . ` She 's in shock , obviously . ` It 's going to be tough , but we 'll be there for them . ` I 'll be there for our grandchildren . ' ISU 's deputy director of athletics for external affairs , Aaron Leetch -LRB- pictured above -RRB- , was also killed in the crash . ISU 's Director of Athletics , Larry Lyons said : ` The Redbird family and the Bloomington-Normal community has suffered a terrible loss today . We will miss Aaron and Torrey deeply , and we will support their families ' Terry Stralow -LRB- pictured -RRB- , who was the co-owner of Pub II in Normal , has been confirmed as among the dead . Pub II waitress Maddie DeGaealu and longtime customerKen Hoffacker embrace while comforting each other . Pub II waitress Amanda Leggett -LRB- left -RRB- and Emily Schroeder -LRB- right -RRB- cry prior to decorating the exterior of the bar . Before coming to Illinois State in 2012 , Ward coached as an assistant for five seasons at Ole miss . . He also played professionally in China after playing his college ball at UAB . Like Bittner , Ward is survived by two children . ISU 's Director of Athletics , Larry Lyons said : ` The Redbird family and the Bloomington-Normal community has suffered a terrible loss today . Aaron Leetch was a shining star in this business . He had a gift in dealing with people and building relationships . Our external units were making incredible progress under his leadership , and he was on that trip doing what he does best . Torrey Ward was a big part of the success taking place with our men 's basketball program . He had a big personality , was a talented coach and recruiter , and our fans loved him . Our hearts go out to the families and loved ones of those involved . There is no play in the playbook for times like these . We will miss Aaron and Torrey deeply , and we will support their families in any way that we can . To honor their individual and collective legacies , we will move the Redbirds and our community forward . ' Jason Jones -LRB- left -RRB- worked for Wells Fargo . All seven occupants were pronounced dead by the county coroner . Andy Butler was a regional representative for Sprint . He was one of seven people killed in the deadly crash . The Federal Aviation Administration and the National Transportation Safety Board are investigating the crash . Bittner bought the meat business in 1994 and worked alongside his employees on a daily basis . Stralow was the co-owner of Pub II in Normal . The twin engine plane belonged to his father Terry Bittner , according to reports . In 2005 , Bittner 's became the only `` processing facility '' in the state of Illinois to receive an Organic Processing Certificate , according to the company 's website . The company processed hams , bacon , beef sticks and other foods , Farm Show reported . The FAA and the National Transportation Safety Board are investigating the crash . McLean County Sheriff 's Department Sheriff Jon Sandage and coroner Kathy Davis spoke at a press conference . There were seven people on the plane when it crashed around 12 am , including Bittner , a father of two children . The men on the plane watched the Duke Blue Devils hoist the championship trophy after defeating Wisconsin .