Earlier this month , a pregnant Canadian weather presenter received hate mail from viewers ` grossed out ' by her appearance on their screens . The scathing critics told the six-months pregnant meteorologist Kristi Gordon that her ` front end looks like the Hindenburg and your rear end looks like a brick s *** house . ' Fans jumped to support her when Gordon read out excerpts from the letters and emails on TV , but it seems that abuse of pregnant TV presenters daring to get on with their jobs during their pregnancy is nothing new . Australian presenter and model Nicky Buckley famously soldiered on with her presenting job on The Sale of the Century after falling pregnant in 1997 , continuing to wear the glamorous , figure-hugging gowns her job required of her . ` Never in my wildest dreams did I expect the barrage of abuse that was bestowed upon my unborn baby and me by a multitude of critics who were determined to dampen the joyous marvel of pregnancy , ' Buckley , now 49 , writes in her newly-released memoir . Scroll down for video . Pregnant and proud : Buckley copped heavy criticism for showing bump on TV but stood her ground . Speaking to Daily Mail Australia about the book , ` Nicky Buckley : A Memoir ' , she shared just how bad the criticism became . ` I was told I jammed fax machines at Channel 9 and newspapers - with faxes coming in from people commenting negatively . ' ` At the time there was n't any maternity wear except kaftans which covered you from head to toe , hiding your boobs and bump , ' she said . Bitterness over bump : Buckley wore sexy dresses that revealed her bump , shocking TV audiences , and hit back in magazine interviews saying she refused to bend to critics . TV Scandal : Nicky Buckley enraged public by staying on air throughout her nine month pregnancy . Family first : Buckley bucked preconceived notions of women in TV and continued to work to support family . As her role was to wear glamorous evening dresses and there was n't adequate maternity wear available , she just went up a size from her usual attire and got on with things . ` I was n't out to raise the flag or cause a stir , I simply wanted to work -- as was my right . Yet in doing so people had other opinions and thought I should n't be seen publicly with a bump . ' ` I had a mortgage , people tend to forget and put you in a bubble . But I still had a mortgage and do you think I should just stop and be taken off the air ? ' Game model : Game show host and model copped flack for her bump and continued to work to pay the bills . Glamorous to gritty : Despite her glamour role , Buckley says the pregnancy showed the ugly side to TV . ` I needed to pay the bills and I was happy with what 's going on , ' she said . ` Looking back I 'm proud of how strong I was . I ca n't push the point hard enough , I was steadfast and strong , I was going to work and do my job . ' ` I could n't wait to share the news with my girlfriends but after the usual squeals of congratulations they said `` what are you going to do about work ? ' she reflects in the book . A friend even made the shocking suggestion to Buckley that they could build her a podium to stand behind once she started to show . Host to husband : Buckley married her co-host Murray Bingham and subsequently had three children with him . While taken aback , she said she believes people saw her role as glamorous one and being pregnant clearly did n't fit with that image . ` Despite my blossoming belly and impending birth , unintentionally I had sparked a very public debate that divided a nation - was pregnancy something to be ashamed of ? Were pregnant women even attractive ? said Buckley . Not to mention the dress she wore on the runway at a Myer Fashion Festival that saw eyebrows raised . ` That caused a real stir . It was a dress with a cut out heart over the belly , people saw it outrageous but the designer and I thought it was beautiful and embraced the bump and fashion all at the same time . ' Nearly 50 and fabulous : Buckley now at nearly 50 is celebrating her age with release of her memoir . The book : Buckley 's memoir on sale now for $ 29.99 .