Following heavy defeats at Tikrit in Iraq and the appalling costly siege of Kobane , Islamic State have launched their own social media rules to censor coverage on its recent defeats . The image of the rules began to circulate on social media , two weeks after Islamic State was forced to abandon the Iraqi city of Tikrit . With ISIS propaganda team releasing endless sets of dull publicity photos from life inside Iraq and Syria , the senior commanders appear keen to eradicate any hint of problems within the group 's territory . The media crackdown appears to be an attempt by ISIS senior commanders to eradicate any knowledge of the extremist group 's defeats or internal problems . Some ISIS supporters on social media appear to be exasperated by the apparent leaking of information and discussions of the defeat at Tikrit . Specific details like the manufacturing of new weapons and any pictures of ISIS fighters , have been deemed by ISIS as a breach of online security . Perhaps the strangest and most unclear rule reads : ` The stupendous spread of Mujahideen along a specific locations ' It appears unknown what the extremist group meant by ` the stupendous spread of mujahideen . ' Whilst it remains unknown how Islamic State will manage to enforce these rules , the jihadi group has previously struggled to keep any control of its fighters and supporters on social media . One exasperated ISIS supporter wrote : ` Brothers , please stop posting news about anything in Tirkit or Ramadi walla . You are doing more harm to the mujahideen than good . Fear Allah . ' Some of the rules , particularly regarding the publishing information on the location of fighters and the use of tactics , appears to come after a series of calamitous social media errors by some fighters . Islamic State fighter Mark Taylor , originally from New Zealand , shot to fame after accidentally tweeting his location whilst fighting in Syria . Taylor forgot to turn off the geo-locator setting on his account , allowing intelligence services to successfully track his every movement . He even managed to give away where he was living in al-Tabaqah , south west Raqqa . Known as Ali Al-Farsi , 19-year-old Ali Kalantar 's death was first tweeted by Halane , under the nom de guerre , Umm Jafar al-Britaniyah . British terror twin Zahra Halane -LRB- left -RRB- and Kiwi fighter Mark Taylor -LRB- right -RRB- , have both been criticised by ISIS supporters for giving away information on fighters and locations . Islamic State commander fear that with the deadly coalition air strikes decimating their ranks , such lapses in security is proving costly . In particular female jihadis have been criticized by fellow ISIS supporters for their loose lipped attitude on social media . One of the British terror twins , Zahra Halane , has previously broken the rules by announcing the death of her husband on social media . Known as Ali Al-Farsi , 19-year-old Ali Kalantar 's death was first tweeted by Halane , under the nom de guerre , Umm Jafar al-Britaniyah . Halane quickly deleted the tweets but not before a screenshot had sent them viral . Islamic State propaganda remains highly important to their strategy for recruitment and legitimacy . ISIS media continue to churn out endless propaganda photos from inside ISIS territory . Islamic State fighters have recently made worrying gains near the Iraqi city of Ramadi , Anbar province . Shiite paramilitary groups and other reinforcements are reportedly heading to Ramadi to provide support against the ISIS threat . New propaganda photos from Anbar province claim that ISIS were warmly welcomed as they entered a nearby town near Ramadi . Islamic State continue to launch new offensives , targeting the strategic Iraqi oil fields at Baiji and the city of Ramadi in Anbar province . Islamic State continue to launch new offensives , targeting the strategic Iraqi oil fields at Baiji and the city of Ramadi in Anbar province . Using suicide bombers to destroy the surrounding fence , Islamic State fighters have been managed to fight their way inside the oil field compound in Salahuddin province . Parts of the oil fields have frequently changed hands between the Iraqi army and militants from Islamic State . Due to its remote desert location , it has proved to be a difficult base to maintain . Newly published photos and a brief video shows dozens of ISIS fighters celebrating inside the oil field 's facilities . It remains unknown how long they will manage to hold out before the Baghdad forces re-take it . Using suicide bombers to destroy the surrounding fence , Islamic State fighters have been managed to fight their way inside the oil field compound . Situated in Salahuddin province , the Baiji oil fields has long been seen as a key stategic target for Islamic State . it remains unknown how long they will manage to hold out before the Baghdad forces re-take it . Newly published photos and a brief video shows dozens of ISIS fighters celebrating inside the oil fields facilities .