Mauricio Pochettino has blamed Tottenham 's lunchtime lethargy this season on the Europa League campaign . Of 10 Barclays Premier League matches kicking off at 12.00 , 12.45 or 1.30 , Spurs have won two - against QPR last August and Arsenal in February - collecting nine points out of a possible 30 . Six of the matches followed Europa League games on Thursday nights , and Spurs lost four of those and drew the other two . Harry Kane is pictured celebrating for Tottenham after scoring in their victory at Newcastle last week . Christian Eriksen is mobbed by his team-mates after netting Tottenham 's second goal at Newcastle . Pochettino , whose side play his former club Southampton at 12.45 at St Mary 's on Saturday , said : ` Maybe this is a coincidence . Or maybe this is because we play Thursday around Europe and have no recovery . ` I do n't know . It 's difficult to understand why . Maybe it 's because we have played Thursday night and spent a lot of energy . ' Spurs have fared better in later kick-offs . ` Maybe three or four hours more of recovery is better , ' Pochettino said . ` That can affect that . ' The Argentine dismissed the prospect of goalkeeper Hugo Lloris , who could return after missing three matches with a knee injury , seeking a move if Spurs miss out on the top four this term . ` Hugo wants to play the Champions League here for Tottenham and I think this is a rumour and nothing true , ' added the Spurs boss , whose only definite absentee is Kyle Walker . ` Hugo is very happy here and wants to reach the Champions League with Tottenham . This is his dream . ' Hugo Lloris will stay at Tottenham even if the club fail to qualify for the Champions League , says Pochettino . Pochettino is looking forward to returning to St Mary 's with Spurs after leaving Southampton last summer . The 43-year-old headed a host of departures - including key players and the backroom staff - leaving successor Ronald Koeman to rebuild . ` We finished last season eighth in the table , ' Pochettino said , recalling his time at Southampton . ` We played very well and it was the end the project of five years with Nicola Cortese and Markus Liebherr . ` We stabilised the club in the Premier League and top 10 and I 'm very happy . It was good for Southampton because I love the people of Southampton , the players . ` Koeman has continued to develop the project , or a new project , and it 's a fantastic job and he deserves the praise . ' Pochettino is uncertain what reception to expect . ` I do n't expect nothing special , ' he said . ` I love the people at the club , the players , because in one and a half years I enjoyed a lot because it was one of the best periods of my life . '