He may be the fastest man on the planet , but Usain Bolt has made no secret of his love for chicken nuggets , KFC hot wings , Pringles crisps and a pint of Guinness . But now the Jamaican sprinter has had to lay off his beloved fast food and eat a ` lot more vegetables ' , despite confessing that ` he hates them all ' . And it is his chef who is entrusted with the unenviable task of chasing him round the house to check he is eating his greens . Cutting back : Usain Bolt said he has had to lay off his beloved fast food and eat vegetables instead . ` I have n't had KFC for about four months , which is killing me ' , the 28-year-old sprinter said in an interview with Runner 's World . ` I 've tried to bribe my chef but not only is he not bribeable , he chases me around the house and makes sure I eat what he 's cooked . ` He also lays out my vitamin pills and supplements in front of me so I ca n't `` forget '' to take them . ` I eat a lot more vegetables - and I hate them all . I used to eat them occasionally , but now with every meal I have a plate just for veg . But I ca n't get away any more with just winging it . ` To perform how I want I have to be perfect in training - and eating right is a part of training - so down it goes . ' He added : ` I 've backed off hard liquor too - rum and that stuff - but I still drink Guinness , or a Heineken or two . A guy 's got to have something , right . ' Perfection : The sprinter said that he needs to be ` perfect in training ' and ` eating right is a part of training ' Showman : The Jamaican has always been notorious for his unhealthy diet and love of fast food . Bolt , who won gold with an Olympic record of 9.63 at London 2012 , admitted eating a McDonald 's wrap on the morning of the race , as well as ` some hash browns , rice and pork . ' He also consumed 1,000 McNuggets as he set three world records at the 2008 Beijing Olympics , earning three gold medals . Bolt , 28 , is not the only athlete who has confessed to having an unhealthy diet . Michael Phelps , the most decorated Olympian of all time with 22 medals , enjoyed a staggering 12,000 calorie breakfast diet . This included three fried egg sandwiches , with cheese , tomatoes , lettuce , fried onions and mayonnaise ; a five-egg omelette , three sugar-coated slices of French toast , and bowl of grits , two cups of coffee and three chocolate chip pancakes . Elsewhere in the interview , Bolt said Tyson Gay should have been given a longer ban for drugs cheating and branded the decision to shorten his punishment ` the stupidest thing I 've ever heard ' . Gay had his suspension reduced after he agreed to co-operate with authorities , and is now set to compete against Bolt after returning to the sport . The interview with Usain Bolt appears in the May issue of Runner 's World .