The Avengers have battled to save Earth from an alien invasion , the evil Loki and now , in the latest movie , face off against the killing machine Ultron . They do this , of course , with the help of numerous superpowers - including Iron Man 's suit , super-healing abilities and Captain America 's indestructible shield . But just how scientifically sound are some of these powers , and do any of them hold up to the laws of physics and chemistry as we know them ? Scroll down for video . The American Chemical Society in Washington explained the science behind the Avengers in a video . It looks at the composition of Iron Man 's suit - said to be a gold-titanium alloy in one of the movies - and Captain America 's shield . The video also explains the science behind super-healing abilities . In a video for Reactions , the American Chemical Society took a look at the science of Marvel 's Avengers . It begins looking at Tony Stark , better known as Iron Man when he dons his iron suit of armour . His original suit , made only of iron , would have weighed around 70 kg -LRB- 150 lbs -RRB- according to the ACS - not very comfortable or easy to move around in . He later upgrades it to a gold-titanium alloy , but that would actually make things worse explained the video . ` That suit would probably weigh around 160 kg -LRB- 350 lbs -RRB- , which might work for the Hulk but not for Tony Stark , ' said the narrator . However , Dr Raychelle Burks continued that it is later made of a nickel-titanium alloy called nitinol . This is ` strong but light , and can be reformed after taking damage , ' she said . ` There may also be some graphite reinforced with carbon fibre , which can take a lot of heat - useful if Iron Man does n't want to singe his feet using those rocket boots . ' Tony Stark , better known as Iron Man when he dons his iron suit of armour and played by Robert Downey Jnr -LRB- pictured -RRB- , made his original suit out of iron . He later upgrades it to a gold-titanium alloy , but according to the ACS that would be heavy and uncomfortable - perhaps better for the Hulk than Iron Man himself . None of this would work , though , without Stark 's own portable nuclear power station - the Arc Reactor . In Iron Man 2 this uses palladium - but we soon learn this is poisoning and killing the character . So instead , he creates a new element - and Dr Burks said this might not be as far-fetched as it seems . He uses his own particle accelerator to smash the nuclei of atoms together and make a new type of atom , which is not entirely dissimilar to the experiments taking place at real-life accelerators such as Cern . ` Scientists have made 20 synthetic elements this way , so it 's not unbelievable that Stark would have made new elements to power his suit , ' said Dr Burks . The main skeleton of Raytheon ; s exoskeleton , shown , is made from high-strength aluminium and steel , and weighs about 95 kg -LRB- 209 lb -RRB- . Iron Man 's superpowers do n't stem from a radioactive spider bite or exposure to gamma rays ; they are simply the result of some very clever engineering - and quite a bit of money too . It makes sense then that we should try to replicate his powerful suit , and some companies are already coming incredibly close . Raytheon , an American defence contractor , has developed a super-strong robotic exoskeleton for the US Army . Soldiers can simply strap into the suit and its high-pressure hydraulic system will enhance their strength , agility and endurance , enabling them to be extremely physically active without risk of exhaustion or injury . The current version must be tethered to its power source , an internal combustion hydraulics engine , but an untethered version is expected to be operational by 2020 . It 's not just the military that can benefit from exoskeletons , though , as Lockheed Martin has also designed a suit specifically to help workers operate heavy machinery . The Fortis helps to carry the weight of tools , enabling the operator to work for longer between breaks required to recover from muscle fatigue . Source : How It Works issue 72 , ` Real-life superpowers ' Tony Stark 's suit is powered by his famous Arc Reactor , but in Iron Man 2 , we learn that its palladium fuel source is slowly killing him . So instead , Stark creates a new element - and this might not be as far-fetched as it seems as it follows somewhat similar principles to those taking place at Cern . Stark is n't the only one with super-human abilities , though . Both Captain America and Black Widow have super strength , quick reflexes - and , most interestingly - the ability to heal quickly . ` In normal healing , a type of white blood cell called a macrophage fights infections and oversees the repair process , ' explains Dr Burks . While this can take two to five days in regular humans , the macrophages of Captain American and Black Widow appear to be super productive , helping them heal even more quickly . Both Captain America -LRB- left -RRB- and Black Widow -LRB- right -RRB- have super strength and quick reflexes , while and - most interestingly - the ability to heal quickly . This could be due to having advanced macrophages , which let them fight infections and repair their bodies much quicker than us regular humans . And Captain America also has his shield as protection , which can deflect bullets , grenades , lasers and so on . Most of its protection appears to come from steel , although this is not a great shock absorber - and somehow Captain America is able to survive even the heaviest of blows from Thor 's hammer . The reason is thanks to the imaginary mineral called vibranium which , while fictional , has some science at its core . Captain America also has his shield as protection , which can deflect bullets , grenades , lasers and so on . The reason is thanks to the imaginary mineral called vibranium - which , while fictional , has some science at its core . It appears that this material can turn vibrational energy from an impact into light energy . ` This material can absorb a near infinite amount of vibration energy without getting too hot or melting , ' explains Dr Burks . As evidenced by a flash of light as Thor 's hammer hits the shield , it appears this material can ` convert vibrational energy to light energy , ' keeping the Captain safe . Of course , you have to suspend disbelief just a bit to assume this is possible - but perhaps the Avengers have more of a root in science than you thought .