When Jack Wilshere was first showing signs of his enormous potential at Luton Town 's academy , the big boys down the road soon came calling . Everyone was into little Wilshere , with West Ham -LRB- the team his dad Andy supports -RRB- , Tottenham and Arsenal all offering to give Luton 's academy kid a shot at the highest level . Wilshere was a Hitchin boy , spotted early by Luton 's scouts before Arsenal took him to their Hale End academy at nine . At 16 , he made his first-team debut for Arsene Wenger 's side . Charlie Patino , 11 , and his family must weigh up offers from Arsenal , Chelsea and Tottenham . Like Arsenal star Jack Wilshere he is a talented midfelder who has been spotted at Luton Town . Soon it will be decision time for another Luton discovery as 11-year-old Charlie Patino and his parents Julio and Katy weigh up offers from Arsenal , Chelsea and Tottenham . Like Jack , he is a midfielder . The Patinos are a level-headed family , absorbing the enormity of the offers on the table from three of the biggest clubs in the Premier League before they come to a decision at the end of the season . ` We just want what 's best for Charlie , to give him the best chance of being a professional footballer if that is what he wants to do , ' said dad Julio on Wednesday . ` He is a dedicated boy , he works hard at school , gets good grades and is committed to playing football . He just loves it . ' Charlie took to the game at an early age , developing a feel for the ball that was far more advanced than his peers . ` Other parents have commented on it in the past , ' admitted Julio . The big clubs have played everything by the book , formalising their interest with official communication to Luton and offering to meet FIFA 's compensation guidelines . The transfer fee involved is £ 10,000 , a sizeable amount to spend on a player who offers potential and promise after six years with Luton . There are no guarantees that Charlie , who is a season ticket holder at Luton with his dad , will go on to make the grade when he eventually makes a decision . Charlie , pictured with his sister Lily and dog Truffles , would cost £ 10,000 and is a season ticket holder at Luton . 11-year-old analyses Spanish football and his style of play has been influenced by favourite team Barcelona . Julio 's parents are both Spanish . They moved to England in the Sixties before their son was born in England . Charlie watches live La Liga games on Sky Sports . Julio , who is a supporter of La Liga strugglers Deportivo La Coruna , added : ` Charlie does n't watch the Spanish football , he analyses it . His mind is ticking away , watching the player movements and asking why they made certain decisions . He is very intelligent . He would say his favourite team is Barcelona and he has definitely been influenced as a player by the Spanish style of football . ' Charlie 's formal training began at the age of five when he joined St Albans City Youth , a team close to his parents ' home in London Colney , Hertfordshire . Soon enough he was invited to play for Luton , often playing in age groups one or two years above because of his outstanding ability with the ball . He has a superior touch and a great feel for the ball , making the game appear effortless . He trains six times a week , spending more than 10 hours a week playing in various age groups at Luton 's highly respected academy before playing a game on a Sunday for the club . Julio , who works in the telecommunications industry , and mum Katy , who works for Marks & Spencer , insist their son has been unaffected by the interest from London 's three biggest clubs , who made their initial moves a few months ago . Charlie has often played in age groups one or two years above because of his outstanding ability on the ball . He trains six hours a week , spending more than 10 hours a week at Luton -LRB- pictured Kenilworth Road -RRB- . The Patino family have already visited the training grounds of Tottenham , Arsenal and Chelsea with their son , listening to the sales pitches and making it clear that they will take their time . ` Charlie is only 11 but he gets it and he knows what is happening to him , ' added his dad . ` He knows that this is a big opportunity to train with a top club , even though there are no guarantees at the end of it . ' The Patinos have been guided through the process by Luton , with the club 's chief executive Gary Sweet making sure that they have been kept fully informed . Julio intends to continue to take his son to Kenilworth Road next season even though Charlie will be settling into his new club . ` Everybody at Luton has been fantastic and it is a very impressive set-up , ' he added . ` They have really looked after Charlie over the years . ' The Patino family live near London Colney and have visited Arsenal , Spurs and Chelsea 's training grounds .