An explorer who plans to spend a year living inside a ball-shaped capsule on top of an iceberg is seeking funding for his daring project . Italian Alex Bellini is to be subjected to the full force of the iceberg as it melts , cracks and even flips - while hopefully staying safe inside his small spherical cabin . The aim of the cabin fever-inducing stunt is to highlight how global warming will melt icebergs around the world and cause sea levels to rise . Scroll down for video . Italian Alex Bellini will live atop an iceberg in Greenland starting next year . He will live inside a contained ball -LRB- artist 's illustration shown -RRB- , with no means to escape for 12 months . The capsule will be 10ft -LRB- three metres -RRB- wide and could fit 10 people - but Mr Bellini will remove all of the seats apart from one , for himself . Mr Bellini , 36 , is seeking funding for his project , called Adrift , which he hopes to begin in November 2016 . Previous feats by the explorer include running more than 14,000 miles -LRB- 22,500 km -RRB- , rowing more than 21,000 miles -LRB- 34,000 km -RRB- and spending 560 days in isolation . He has rowed both the Atlantic and Pacific and insists he favours challenges where there is a perceived lack of control . The capsules , initially designed essentially as escape pods for areas at risk of tsunami , can hold from two to ten people and range in price from £ 8,000 to £ 13,500 -LRB- $ 12,000 to $ 20,000 -RRB- . Four are currently in use in Japan , while two are in the US . Mr Bellini will use one at the upper scale , 10ft -LRB- three metres -RRB- wide - although he 'll remove all the seats except one for himself . Inside he 'll have exercise equipment , such as a stationary bike , in addition to supplies for the year such as food and water . But his latest venture represents a whole new challenge as he will have to deal with intense isolation and undergo serious psychological tests as he copes with being alone for 12 months . Perched on top of an iceberg in North West Greenland , he will be alone and unable to leave the capsule , leaving him vulnerable to whatever is in store - on the iceberg , or in his cabin . Comparable feats of endurance , such as the Solar Impulse mission , have also seen people remain in isolation for days , but Mr Bellini will have to cope for a whole 365 by himself . In addition to his mental health , he 'll also workout on board to stay in good physical shape . A natural lighting system will maintain his circadian rhythm , while he 'll be writing to keep himself entertained - in addition to reading books on psychology . His goal is to see an iceberg ` in the last phase of its long life , ' observing the changes that occur as it melts into the ocean . ` This adventure is about waiting for something to happen , ' Mr Bellini told Outside Online . ` But I knew since the beginning I needed to minimise the risk . ` An iceberg can flip over , and those events can be catastrophic . ' His mobile home will be designed by aeronautical engineer Julian Sharpe , founder of Survival Capsule , whose creations were originally intended to be used in disaster zones such as areas vulnerable to tsunamis . But the indestructible and lightweight design appealed to Mr Bellini , and he now plans to use one for his own project . The capsule is also buoyant , so if he somehow finds himself in the sea , he will be able to float until he is rescued . Mr Bellini -LRB- pictured left -RRB- , 36 , is currently seeking funding for his project , called Adrift , which he hopes to begin in November 2016 near Greenland -LRB- right -RRB- . His goal is to see an iceberg ` in the last phase of its long life , ' observing the changes that occur as it melts into the ocean . One of the most intriguing features of the capsule is that the entire interior can be mounted on roller balls and rotate , even if the exterior is tossed and turned . On an iceberg , this might prove vital . As an iceberg melts , its centre of mass can change dramatically until , in a matter of seconds , the whole thing flips over . Mr Bellini 's plan is to place his capsule on top of an iceberg and stay there but , if the iceberg were to flip , he could quite suddenly find his capsule thrown into the air . If the interior was on roller balls , though , this could alleviate some of the sudden movements . He also plans to use sensors to detect tremors in the iceberg , suggesting it might be about to flip , so he can get himself into a safe bracing position . As an iceberg melts , its centre of mass can change dramatically -LRB- stock image shown -RRB- until , in a matter of seconds , the whole thing flips over . Mr Bellini 's plan is to place his capsule on top of an iceberg and stay there but , if the iceberg were to flip , he could quite suddenly find his capsule thrown into the air . The interior of the capsule may be placed on roller balls to alleviate some of the sudden movements if the iceberg flips , but Mr Bellini also plans to use sensors to detect tremors in the iceberg , suggesting it might be about to flip , so he can get himself into a safe bracing position . And as it melts , it 's also possible the capsule could fall down a crack , or find itself encased under thousands of tons of ice . In case he does become stuck somewhere , Mr Bellini will have a beacon on board so rescuers can locate him , while the capsule will also be equipped with Wi-Fi , a wind generator and solar panels . Despite the hardships , Mr Bellini feels there is an important goal - bringing the issues of global warming and climate change to people 's attention . ` Adrift has the purpose of raising awareness and bringing contribution to the long discussed global warming and climate change theories , inspire students all over the world with educational programmes and inspire to live more sustainably , ' he said on his website . Shown is a timeline of when Mr Bellini plans to begin the adventure , in November 2016 . ` Adrift has the purpose of raising awarness and bringing contribution to the long discussed global warming and climate change theories , ' he said on his website .