Police say they have no objections to the late afternoon kick-off for Sunday 's Manchester derby at Old Trafford . With plenty at stake for both United and City -- both sides are challenging for a top-four spot in the Premier League -- some may feel that the 4 pm start could be unwise as it allows supporters more time in the pub . However , the man in charge of patrolling the sell-out clash has no such fears . Police say they have no objections to Sunday 's Manchester derby taking place in the late afternoon . Chief Superintendent John O'Hare says the kick-off was agreed by all parties and revealed that the decision is down to good behaviour from supporters of each side . ` We have not objected to the 4 pm kick-off time at all , ' he told Sportsmail . ` That 4 pm has been agreed is testament to the excellent behaviour of the overwhelming majority of fans who have attended previous derby fixtures . ` It is the positive behaviour of both sets of fans at previous derby fixtures that means we feel confident this Sunday 's fixture will continue that tradition of the fixture being a safe and enjoyable one . ' Rio Ferdinand was hit by an object thrown from the crowd during the Manchester derby in December 2012 . In February , Merseyside Police launched a legal challenge after the Everton v Liverpool match , which was also televised , was chosen for a 5.30 pm start although they later withdrew their objection . Police in Manchester have met representatives from supporters groups representing each club and agreed a series of measures . Inside the ground fans in and close to the away end will be limited to two drinks every time they visit the bar . No street drinking will be allowed while police will also be searching supporters and keeping an eye out for pyrotechnics . GMP also say they have no intention to hold back City supporters at the final whistle but add that this could be reviewed on the day . Footage on You Tube showed the unrest when United played City in a late kick-off at Wembley in 2011 . City won that FA Cup semi-final , but 34 arrests were made due to crowd trouble outside the stadium . The last time United and City met in a late kick-off for a weekend match was in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley in 2011 . That clash , won by City 1-0 , started at 5.15 pm and was marred by a series of skirmishes on Wembley Way and on coach parks close to the stadium with 34 arrests made amid scenes some fans described as ` a free for all ' . The last late afternoon kick-off in Manchester was for a 0-0 draw at Old Trafford in 2004 . After November 's derby at the Etihad Stadium , won 1-0 by City , video footage captured dozens of fans fighting outside a nearby pub around 90 minutes after the final whistle . In April 2012 , Vincent Kompany 's header settled the derby in a match that was played on a Monday night at the Etihad Stadium .