Mesut Ozil is playing the best football since he joined Arsenal in the summer of 2013 , after leading the Gunners to second in the Premier League table . Ozil was off the pace at the beginning of this season , but says he is now back to his best since returning to fitness in January . And the German star says his injury has actually helped him , claiming that it ` worked in my favour ' after a busy schedule . Mesut Ozil trains ahead of Arsenal 's FA Cup semi final against Reading on Saturday . The German star says he is now playing his best football since joining the Gunners in the summer of 2013 . Ozil said 10 years of playing football had taken their toll , but he has come to terms with the Premier League . Mesut Ozil is interviewed in this week 's Sport . ` At the moment I am pleased with the consistency of my game , ' Ozil told Sport magazine . ` I feel I am now playing my best football since joining Arsenal . ' The playmaker was a big part of Germany 's World Cup win over the summer , playing every game as Joachim Low 's side lifted the trophy in Brazil , and the process took a lot out of him . ` I was exhausted at the start of the season , ' he confesses . ` I started playing professional football at the age of 16 and had never really suffered many serious injuries . ' I guess 10 years of consistently playing football took its toll . I was also struggling with the physicality of this league . ' However , Ozil has bounced back in the second half of this season , his excellent form coinciding with a winning run that has seen the Gunners climb the table . And the 26-year-old midfielder has attributed his success , in part , to the injury that kept him out for three months this winter . Ozil celebrates scoring a goal in the convincing win against Liverpool , when he was in excellent form . Ozil has put his improved performances down to the strength training he went through after being injured . ` The injury worked in my favour in a way , as it gave me time to recover , to assess and to work on what was required to compete in this league , ' he added . ` The football here is far more physical , it is played at a faster tempo and you have to adapt to the sheer number of games . ` I have had to work a lot harder and adjust my game accordingly . I used my time out with injury to work on my strength . I 'm continuing to do extra sessions after training now . ' The World Cup winning midfielder is continuing to do extra strength sessions after Arsenal training . Ozil was a key player in Germany 's World Cup win , and admits it took a lot out of him last summer .