Grant Shapps was last night at the centre of extraordinary claims that he was doctoring Wikipedia pages to promote himself at the expense of his political rivals . The Tory party chairman is accused of deleting embarrassing references to his past from his own page in the online encyclopedia while putting unflattering updates on the pages of others . A furious Mr Shapps denied the claims , published by the Guardian , describing them as an ` extreme dirty tricks campaign ' . David Cameron defended Mr Shapps , saying that the party chairman is doing ` a great job ' while on the campaign trail today . Scroll down for video . Grant Shapps , pictured campaigning with Esther McVey yesterday , has been accused of changing Wikipedia pages to promote himself and damage rivals . Mr Shapps has denied the allegations claiming they were part of ` an extreme dirty tricks campaign ' Wikipedia has suspended an anonymous user of the site , known only as ` Contribsx ' , after finding evidence it said suggested the account was run either by Mr Shapps or under his ` clear direction ' . It cited a series of amendments made by the user to pages of the site , around one third of which involved removing embarrassing references on Mr Shapps 's own page . Other changes included adding critical language to the pages of Tory Cabinet ministers including International Development Secretary Justine Greening and campaign chief Lynton Crosby . The timing and content of some of the edits appear to tally with instances when Mr Shapps clashed with the subject of the changes . The Tories described the story as ` completely false and defamatory ' . Last night Mr Shapps said : ` It 's categorically untrue . It 's absolutely nothing to do with me . It 's just ridiculous . It looks like an extreme dirty tricks campaign designed to do anything but talk about policies . ' But it emerged in 2012 that changes to Mr Shapps 's Wikipedia page were made from computers in his constituency office . At the time , he said he had amended pages claiming he was ` a Jehovah 's Witness , agnostic or crashed a car into a school wall ' . A Wikipedia account using the alias ` Contribsx ' edited a number of pages linked to Mr Shapps and other prominent politicians . Minister Justine Greening , left , and Tory election supremo Lynton Crosby , right , were among those mentioned in the Wikipedia edits . When Mr Cameron was asked if he has ` full confidence ' in Mr Shapps today , he replied : ` Grant does a great job . He has made a very clear statement about this and I have got nothing to add to that . ' The Conservative chairman told the BBC : ` This is one of the most bonkers stories I think I have seen during this election campaign . Absolutely , totally without foundation . ` It seems to be based on the word of a single Wikipedia anonymous editor who , for all I know , is a Labour Party apparatchik . ' An investigation by Wikipedia claimed the Contribsx account ` is a ` sockpuppet of Grant Shapps ' previous accounts on Wikipedia ' . Sockpuppet refers to a fake online identity used ` for an improper purpose ' and is banned on the site . Among the changes revealed include information about Miss Greening , who had disagreed with Mr Shapps over his support for a third runway at Heathrow . In September 2013 the user said she ` failed to vote in a critical parliamentary division about military action in Syria ' as she failed to notice the division bell had sounded , despite being in the House of Commons . The user also made edits on Mr Crosby in March and August last year , at times when there were reports of splits between the two men . Mr Shapps took the blame after the 2014 Budget over a ` patronising ' picture he tweeted about cuts in beer tax and bingo which would help ` hardworking people do more of the things they enjoy ' . Contribsx edited Mr Shapps ' Wikipedia page to suggest he had unfairly taken the blame for the picture , which was the fault of Mr Crosby and Chancellor George Osborne . In September 2013 , Contribsx added these passages to Justine Greening 's Wikipedia entry , highlighting her opposition to the expansion of Heathrow and an embarrassing incident in the House of Commons . The user added the highlighted text about the gay marriage bill to Dominic Grieve 's page . Mr Shapps 's Wikipedia page stated that he had edited the site ` removing negative information ' , as shown in the highlighted text top image , but Contribsx changed it to cast the minister in a better light . A recent Contribsx edit , on Easter Sunday this year , changed the page of Karl Turner , the shadow attorney general , adding a reference to the Labour MP having ` admitted breaking House of Commons rules by sending out invitations to a £ 45-a-head Labour party fundraising event from parliamentary email ' . Two weeks earlier Mr Turner had called on Prime Minister David Cameron to investigate Mr Shapps over his denials that he had continued to use the pseudonym Michael Green while he was an MP . Wikipedia is like a normal encyclopedia but its pages can be created and edited online by anyone . Volunteer administrators moderate the site and monitor changes . Changes to pages create an audit trail which can be linked back to users . Labour frontbencher Jon Ashworth said : ` This is another embarrassing episode in the saga of Grant Shapps . It 's about time we had some answers , from him and from David Cameron who appointed him to run the Tory campaign . ' Liberal Democrat campaign chairman Paddy Ashdown sent a light-hearted press release that read : ` Grant is a wonderful guy - he is a credit to the Conservative Party , a fine sportsman and reads a book a day . We could all learn a lot from him . Quite simply , a colossus . ' The press release noted that it had been ` edited by Wikipedia user Contribsx ' . Mr Shapps 's own Wikipedia page was edited by Contribsx in March 2014 to shift the blame for a controversial tweet on the Budget to George Osborne and Lynton Crosby ; the passage in question is pictured before and after the edit . A passage added to Vince Cable 's page by Contribsx drew attention to his alleged disloyalty to Nick Clegg . The highlighted passage appeared on Labour MP Karl Turner 's Wikipedia page after it was edited by Contribsx earlier this month . In a statement released last night , Mr Shapps said : ` It is untrue from start to finish , and was quite likely dreamt up by the Labour press office . Sadly it is typical of the smears coming from those who would rather not debate policy and substance . ' A spokesman from Wikimedia UK , the UK charity that supports Wikipedia , told The Guardian : ` We would welcome any MPs who choose to become editors , and are happy to provide training sessions to anyone who wants to learn . ` However , the Wikipedia project is founded on trust , and anyone who tries to deceive our volunteers and readers in order to further their own ends should think very carefully about the morality of what they 're doing . Eventually , the public will find out . ' The Tory chairman who gave himself a false identity . Tory chairman Grant Shapps is nicknamed the Duracell bunny for his seemingly unstoppable energy and his willingness to appear on any TV show to defend the government . But it is another name -- Michael Green -- for which he has become infamous in recent years . Green was an alter ego that Mr Shapps used to promote get rich quick products before he became an MP . The revelation that he had used the alias even prompted a man to change his name to Michael Green by deed poll to stand against Mr Shapps in his Welwyn Hatfield seat in next month 's election , in the hope of embarrassing him . Grant Shapps , pictured , created the alter ego Michael Green as part of a get-rich-quick scheme . It all adds to the perception of many of his political rivals that there is something not quite to be trusted about him . Mr Shapps , a 46-year-old father of three , was first elected in 2005 . Five years later , he became a housing minister in the incoming Coalition government . Since September 2012 , the qualified pilot has been Conservative Party chairman , charged with masterminding a campaign to win the 2015 general election . His supporters say he is an effective media performer ; often wheeled out by party high command to defend the party 's policies . As fellow Tory MP Nick Boles said : ` Somebody said he 's the Duracell bunny of the Conservative party . I did laugh at that because it 's a rather apt description . ' A populist politician , who is a self-confessed fan of restaurant chain Nandos , Mr Shapps is from a different background from many others in his Cabinet , which is often perceived as being populated by public school toffs . Born in Watford , he was schooled at the local grammar school . His cousin is Mick Jones , guitarist of punk rock band The Clash . Mr Shapps ' brother even played with Jones in another band , Big Audio Dynamite . Mr Shapps posted this controversial tweet after last year 's Budget and was criticised for allegedly being patronising . Mr Shapps joined the Jewish youth organisation BBYO and later became its national president . At the age of 20 he was in a coma for a week after being involved in a car crash in the US . A decade later he was diagnosed with Hodgkin 's lymphoma , but went into full remission after chemotherapy . The future Tory politician studied business and finance at Manchester Polytechnic , and upon leaving university he set up a successful printing business . Later he started writing self-help guides for a website called HowToCorp , advising people on how to get rich quick -- a job which has earned him a ` loadsamoney ' nickname . He wrote the books under an alias , Michael Green -- and a photograph of him wearing a badge with the name at a US conference came to light in 2012 . Last month he had to admit that despite saying he had stopped using the name on election in 2005 , he was still using it in summer 2006 . Three years ago , claims first came to light that he had allegedly altered his Wikipedia entries ; changing sentences which he said were inaccurate -- such as that he was a Jehovah 's Witness . It emerged that changes were made from computers in his constituency office . And some have claimed he has followed and de-followed people on Twitter to increase the number of his followers .