Police searched an area near a Ford Motor Company plant in Michigan on Sunday for clues related to the disappearance of a woman who was last seen at Halloween wearing a Poison Ivy costume . Chelsea Ellen Bruck , 22 , has been missing almost six months , police said . Monroe County Sheriff 's Major Jeff Kemp reported that the search was arranged after investigators received a tip from a citizen about the area in Flat Rock . ` All I can say ... is we 're looking for evidence , ' the sheriff 's office said . He declined to discuss media reports that part of Chelsea 's costume were found . Scroll down for video . A new search was conducted on Sunday in the case of missing Chelsea Ellen Bruck , 22 , who was last seen dressed as Batman villain Poison Ivy at a Halloween party on October 25 attended by around 800 people . Miss Bruck , 22 , from Maybee has not been seen since the early hours of October 26 , 2014 despite extensive searches on foot and by helicopter to locate her . The Maybee woman was dressed as the comic villain Poison Ivy when she attended a Halloween party October 26 in Frenchtown Township . The costume included a leaf-covered top and dark purple wig . That was the last time she was seen at the outdoor party at a rural farmhouse which was attended by around 800 people , 35 miles southwest of Detroit . Her mother , Leannda Bruck , told AP that detectives were actively working on the case but declined to say anything else . Sheriff 's deputies and Flat Rock police conducted the search on Sunday night focusing on an area near the Flat Rock Assembly Plant . Daily Mail Online was awaiting a comment from the Flat Rock police department on Monday . Jennifer Bruck , left , prays for sister Chelsea with parents Matt and Leannda Bruck and other family and friends who turned to public prayer in Monroe , Michigan last October . She has not been seen for six months . Police have interviewed multiple people and investigated hundreds of tips over the past six months . A witness reported seeing Miss Bruck walking about 3 am with a man as the party was winding down.The sheriff 's office published a sketch of the man she was seen with in a parking lot . The dark-haired man had thin stubble and wore glasses with a black hoodie . The man has not been identified and police have not named him as a suspect . Two were charged separating for telling police lies about the missing woman . In a missing person appeal , Chelsea Bruck is described as 5 ' 7 ' tall , 140 lbs , blonde , with a small anchor tattoo behind her right ear . She was last seen wearing black yoga pants , a black wig and a leaf-covered vest . Anyone with information about the case is asked to call the Monroe County Sheriff 's Office at -lrb- 734-rrb - 240-7700 or Monroe County Central Dispatch at -lrb- 734-rrb - 243-7070 . Authorities released this sketch of the man Miss Bruck was seen with in a parking lot around 3 am following a party in Frenchtown Township , Michigan just before Halloween . Her sister , Kassandra Bruck , 24 , told the Detroit Free Press last year that the family is encouraging people to share photos of Chelsea - across Michigan and beyond . She told NBC : ` This is 100 % uncharacteristic , it 's not anything she would do . She even told my mom , `` I 'm not staying long . I 'll be back in a couple of hours . '' This has just broken my parents . ' Ms Bruck told CBS on Monday that she was ` very hopeful ' her sister would be found alive . The party host Mike Williams , 30 , told the paper he had been forced to close the party , intended for 500 people , after around 800 revelers turned up . He added that he had n't seen Miss Bruck at the party at all . A GoFundMe campaign to help find Miss Bruck has raised close to $ 9,000 . Missing posters offered a close-up of an anchor-shaped tattoo behind Miss Bruck 's right ear .