Bernie Madoff allegedly tried to persuade his drug dealer 's girlfriend to become his mistress . Bernie Madoff , who carried out one of the world 's largest frauds , tried to persuade his drug dealer 's girlfriend to become his mistress , it has emerged . Madoff is serving 150 years in prison for carrying out a $ 65 billion Ponzi style fraud - which became the largest in financial history . A new book about the financier claims he had put pressure on an Israeli model who was working for him as a stock analyst and dating his dealer Silvio Eboli to sleep with him . He is said to have met Eboli at a Christmas party in 1997 at the Montauk Yacht Club with his son Mark , who later committed suicide over his father 's fraudulent activities , Page Six reported . ` Bernie had put enormous pressure on ` Leah ' to sleep with him and be his mistress , offering her practically anything if she just let him f *** her , ' the book by Toby Rogers states . Eboli is believed to have never confronted Madoff but warned he would injure him if he ever crossed the line with his girlfriend . After ` Leah ' became pregnant with Eboli 's child in 2001 Madoff apparently summoned her into his office to say she had made a mistake . In the book Madoff is described as bellowing ` You could have had gold . You could have had me . You could have had an apartment , a car , a driver . But instead you throw all that away for some f ****** hippie ! ' Madoff was arrested in December 2008 after he confessed his multi-billion dollar fraud to his two sons and they reported him to the FBI . He pleaded guilty to 11 federal felonies in March 2009 . The charges included securities fraud , wire fraud , mail fraud , money laundering , making false statements , perjury , theft from an employee benefit plan and making false filings with the SEC . Mark Madoff killed himself on the second anniversary of his father 's prison sentence . Andrew Madoff , who had been head of equities at his father 's New York based company , died last year after a battle with lymphoma , and had previously blamed the stress caused by his father for his relapse . Madoff -LRB- left -RRB- is pictured with his wife Ruth and his son Mark , who killed himself after his father 's arrest . Andrew Madoff , on the Today show with fiance Catherine Hooper , left , and mother Ruth Madoff , right , said he would never forgive his father - not even on his death bed . Earlier this year 76-year-old Madoff wrote a letter from prison saying the pain he inflicted on victims of his Ponzi scheme is nothing compared to having to deal with losing both his sons . Defrauded Madoff investors have long viewed the convicted swindler 's sons , wife and other family member suspiciously , arguing it is impossible that they did not know about his lies . But they were never criminally charged - and never forgave him . The allegations about Madoff 's advances towards his dealer 's girlfriend are contained in Rogers ' book The Ganja Godfather .