A young man was banned from every branch of Sainsbury 's after he was wrongly accused of shoplifting a pair of speakers . Aden Gould , 21 , was also told to pay a £ 150 ` security fee ' after he was seen testing speakers on sale in a branch of the supermarket - even though he put the equipment back where he found it . The giant firm sent him an aggressive letter warning that staff would call the police if they ever catch him trying to enter Sainsbury 's . Banned : Aden Gould , 21 , was told he could not return to Sainsbury 's after he opened some speakers there . Mr Gould , who has learning difficulties and is unemployed , went into the Sainsbury 's branch in Stoke-on-Trent and opened two boxes containing £ 25 speakers . He then tested the gadgets to see if they worked with his mobile phone , and put them back on display - but was immediately apprehended by security . Staff took him into the manager 's office and forced him to empty his bag , but he was cleared of shoplifting . Mr Gould later received a pair of letters saying that he was banned from all 1,200 Sainsbury 's stores across the country , and had to pay £ 150 in compensation . However , the company has now backed down and agreed to revoke the ban , as well as waiving the £ 150 fine . He said : ` The first set of speakers did n't work and the second were n't very good so I put everything back in the boxes . ` I was walking out of the shop when the security guard grabbed me and took me into the manager 's office . I was confused about what I 'd done and I thought I was in trouble . ` I wanted to call my mum but they told me to put my phone away . I was scared and frustrated . I felt like I was having a heart attack . ` When I got outside I was really panicking . I was shaking all over . I then received a second letter saying I owed £ 150 in security fees but I had no idea what it was for . ' Reversal : Sainsbury 's has now revoked the ban which was imposed at its Stoke-on-Trent store , pictured . His mother Petra added : ` Aden was shaking uncontrollably when he got home and when he got the letter saying he was banned I went straight down there . ` An assistant told me he had committed criminal damage because he opened the boxes and said I was lucky the police were n't being called . ` I think staff initially thought he was a shoplifter but after he proved he had nothing in his bag they should have just let him go . He is being treated like some kind of criminal . ` If it is such a crime to open the little boxes , there should be a sign saying it is a criminal offence . ' In its letter to Aden , Sainsbury 's stated : ` The invitation to enter and shop at all Sainsbury 's stores is permanently withdrawn due to the incident on April 15 . ` Should you enter any of our premises you will be treated as a trespasser and the police will be called as necessary . ' But after Mrs Gould complained , the company agreed to revoke the ban and told Aden that he was welcome to return . A spokesman said that the £ 150 fee , which has now been waived , was a standard charge to make up for the fact that the speakers which Mr Gould opened can no longer be sold . She added that the ban and fine had been imposed ` in error ' , saying : ` We have already been in touch with Aden to invite him back into store and look forward to seeing him soon . '