Tesco is under pressure to axe 200 stores -- on top of 100 already closed or cancelled -- after the supermarket giant announced a record annual loss of £ 6.38 billion . The loss is the largest ever declared by a British retailer and reflects a seismic shift in shopping habits away from big supermarkets towards smaller budget stores . Over the past 20 years , Tesco went on a spending spree to build up a vast land bank that was designed to expand its empire of some 3,000 stores . Scroll down for video . Shock : Supermarket giant Tesco announced a record annual loss of £ 6.38 billion yesterday . However , families no longer want to do a big , weekly shop in a soul-less hypermarket . As a result , Tesco has been forced to slash the value of its property empire and sell off land cheaply , with the loss of thousands of jobs . Britain 's biggest retailer made a profit of £ 1.4 billion on sales through the tills across the world in the year to the end of February , down by 60 per cent on the year before . This profit was more than wiped out by £ 7billion worth of one-off costs , led by a write-down of £ 4.3 billion on the value of its land and stores . There was also a write-down of some £ 570 million on the food and other products sitting in its warehouses and stores , while the company has agreed to pump an extra £ 270million a year into its staff pension scheme , which has a deficit of £ 3.9 billion . The closure of more than 45 stores and its current head office in Hertfordshire will cost more than £ 400million . The firm is also cutting back on future expansion , with the cancellation of more than 50 ` big box ' stores . The loss of £ 6.38 billion -- the biggest in the supermarket 's 96-year history -- was even worse than the most pessimistic City analysts had expected . Shares in Tesco closed down 5.2 per cent on the day , wiping around £ 1billion off its stock market value and taking it down to just over £ 18billion . Here , retail industry veterans , plus Mail writers , identify what on earth went wrong ... THE EXPERTS . Mary Portas , retail consultant . The problem with Tesco is that no one really likes the company . Consumers either want pure value , or want to be looked after and put first as customers . Tesco did n't do either . Today , people want brands they trust , and the truth is Tesco acted in a bullish way -- they built where they wanted , when they wanted , they did n't care about the effect on communities ... and now people are turning their backs on them . Image problem : Mary Portas says the problem with Tesco ` is that no one really likes the company ' Sir Richard Greenbury , former chief executive of Marks & Spencer . When I ran Marks & Spencer we looked at having a private jet for the board . I deemed it too expensive , even when we were making a billion pounds a year . Tesco having four private jets tells you something about the culture of the place . It has also tried to do far too much . It tried conquering the Far East , then China . But to try to go into America at the same time was a very , very bad idea . You can not conquer the world overnight . Joanna Blythman , author of Shopped : The Shocking Power Of British Supermarkets . I 'm no fan of supermarkets in general , but Tesco is at the absolute bottom of my list . Once upon a time , when we believed Tesco was good value and trusted the brand , we tolerated -- up to a point -- how five or six stores bullied their way into our communities . But the arrival of Aldi and Lidl made us realise that the ` Big Four ' supermarkets have been charging us way too much -- earning extreme margins and profiteering at our expense . ` Too much ' : Former m & s chief executive Sir Richard Greenbury blames Tesco 's grand expansion plans . Lord Haskins , former chairman of Northern Foods . Tesco 's problem is that it tried to be all things to all men . It has vast stores that want to be an m & s and a Lidl all in one . Asda concentrates on the cheap-and-cheerful market , while Waitrose still targets the top end of the market , and both are successful for keeping it more simple . Bill Grimsey , former boss of Wickes , Iceland and Focus . Tesco must be clear on pricing -- it needs to stop the offers and promotions . If Poundland charges £ 1 for a cleaner , so should Tesco . People want great value but consistency , too . Tesco also needs to rationalise the options of products -- its stores have way too many product lines and categories . Tom Salmon , ran the now defunct Hedon Salads which supplied Tesco . Tesco 's problem was that it kept screwing over its suppliers . It demanded a wave of charges for things like new label systems or the introduction of new technology . These charges to suppliers became more and more unreasonable , and in the end the company ruined its base . MAIL WRITERS . Sarah Vine . I 've always defended Tesco to my middle-class friends . Remember , I 'd say , not everyone can afford to buy their groceries at Waitrose . But even I , a stubborn Tesco shopper , have fallen out of love with the store over the past couple of years . Besides its self-pay tills seemingly never working and its Finest range not being as fine as it used to be , its online delivery service is rubbish . Over the years , I 've flirted with all the supermarket delivery services , but , in the end , I settled for Tesco because it always had the best offers on quality dishwasher tablets -- and lots of convenient evening delivery slots . However , last year I switched to Sainsbury 's . There were four reasons I abandoned Tesco : rude delivery drivers who were often late ; a slew of items substituted for ones I 'd ordered ; too many annoying flash sales -LRB- although Ocado is guilty of this , too -RRB- ; and one rotten tomato too many . Abandoned : Sarah Vine -LRB- left -RRB- said one rotten tomato too many made her turn her back on Tesco after years as a loyal customer , while Libby Purves -LRB- right -RRB- said a trip to Tesco became a ` sweaty , irritating chore ' Libby Purves . For me , it was the sense of contempt . We had a local Tesco we used , in the absence of any good , big supermarkets in a rural area , and it was OK . Nothing special , but handy for things the smaller shops might not stock and for bulk buys . But a few years ago it increased the ` homewares ' section and the children 's clothes , in roughly the same overall space . The aisles got narrower , the layout was confusing and the staff on the floor were fewer and surlier . It became a sweaty , irritating chore to shop there . So we stopped . Meanwhile , the Co-op improved and then came a Waitrose , all smiley and willing and smart and not more expensive for basics . End of ! Alex Brummer , City Editor . At the heart of the problems for Tesco 's new boss , Dave Lewis , has been some wildly over-optimistic accounting . Under his predecessor , Phil Clarke , the books essentially were cooked to make profits look stronger and debts look less than was truthfully the case . The Serious Fraud Office is investigating . Over the past year or so , Britain 's biggest grocer inflated its profits in the UK and Ireland by as much as £ 326 million , by recording incentive payments from big suppliers that had not actually arrived , while failing to record the costs of some sales . In the City , the arrival of a new boss often signals a ` kitchen sink job ' under which all the bad announcements are made to the stock exchange in one go to signal the start of a better era . In this case , it has resulted in a £ 6.4 billion loss . Disloyal : Jan Moir says it is the lack of brand loyalty which really harmed Tesco . Sandra Parsons . Tesco 's problem is that it 's forgotten who its customers are . Its founder Jack Cohen 's philosophy was simple : ` Pile 'em high , sell 'em cheap . ' You did n't go to Tesco because you liked the service or aspired to throwing a classier dinner party . You went because it was the best value for money . Today that 's no longer the case . Not only are Sainsbury 's meat and its Taste The Difference range better quality than the Tesco equivalents , but they 're cheaper , too . As an experiment yesterday , I did a basic shop of veg , fruit , bacon , chicken , detergent , cat food , bread , fizzy water and a bottle of Prosecco at both supermarkets . Sainsbury 's came out £ 2 cheaper -- and you 'd save even more if you went to Morrisons , Asda , Aldi or Lidl . Jan Moir . Tesco thought that ubiquity was everything . There was never enough staff in their thousands of stores , yet they kept opening more , sometimes even in competition with each other . However , I believe Tesco 's fatal mistake was believing that consumers loved it for what it was . In fact , its core customers were interested only in the price . When the same or similar goods were cheaper elsewhere , they left in droves . There was no brand loyalty , especially when everyone else started doing online delivery , too . Rose Prince . Ultimately Tesco has failed because it put quantity before quality . Its mantra was ` be big ' ; it wanted to dominate and did not care enough about where it sourced food or that customers ' tastes would change , particularly in a recession . Tesco came off worst in the horse meat scandal because its staff did not ask the right questions when they bought the cheapest meat -- and shoppers were repelled by the outcome . There is also a sense the stores do not excel at anything in particular . Just being ` big ' is not a lasting philosophy .