The first double hundred of Alex Hales ' career helped Nottinghamshire into a position of strength on the opening day of their LV = County Championship match against Yorkshire at Trent Bridge . The England international was unbeaten on 222 not out as the home side reached 393 for seven by stumps , having been invited to bat first . Hales scored his runs from 250 balls , with 37 fours and a six and having shared in a third wicket stand of 171 with James Taylor , who scored 59 . Steven Patterson , with two for 58 and Jack Brooks , two for 90 , returned the leading figures for the Yorkshire bowlers on a tough day for the defending Champions . Alex Hales , pictured in action for Nottinghamshire earlier this month , completed a double century on Sunday . Hales ' passed three figures for the 10th time in his career , spoiling the return of Andrew Gale , back skippering Yorkshire again after serving a four match suspension . Gale rotated all seven bowlers at his disposal but all found it difficult to put the brake on Hales ' scoring . In general , too much width was offered to the 26-year-old and he capitalised fully to reach his century from 131 balls and his 150 from 173 . Taylor was a perfect foil for his World Cup team-mate , content to play the supportive role in reaching his own 50 from 89 balls , with nine fours.Yorkshire 's spirits were lifted just before the tea interval when Brooks struck twice in an over , snaring Taylor with an lbw decision and then providing enough temptation for Samit Patel to nudge one into the hands of Alex Lees at first slip . Riki Wessels made 18 before falling just before the taking of the second new ball , guiding Nottingham-born Will Rhodes to second slip . Hales , in action during an England nets session in Australia in March , has n't given up on playing Test cricket . Hales went past his previous best of 184 , made against Somerset in 2011 , and then had his only two scares of the day , against the bowling of Patterson . An uppish chip to mid-on was totally missed by Rhodes , who claimed he lost the flight of the ball . On 197 a huge shout for lbw was turned down by umpire Russell Evans , to the dismay of the entire fielding unit . A four off Bresnan eased home nerves , though , and a standing ovation was duly afforded Hales for reaching the 200 landmark from 234 deliveries . He will return on the second morning , after the final over of the day was cut short following the dismissal of Will Gidman , also caught in the slip cordon , off Patterson . Nottinghamshire 's openers both made 27 before the visiting attack struck twice during the morning session . Steven Mullaney was given out lbw to Patterson , beaten by one that came back and missed the inside edge . Brendan Taylor , who had scored centuries in both of his first class appearances this season , became a notable first scalp for Matthew Fisher , who at 17 years 161 days is Yorkshire 's sixth youngest debutant , but it mattered little once Hales got to work . Hales hopes his brilliant knock against Yorkshire sends a message to the England selectors . Hales said : ` It 's a very proud day for me to make that score against the county champions and against a very good attack . ` I 'm very pleased with how the day has gone , it has been one of those days where all the shots I 've tried have come off . ` They bowled pretty well at me in the morning session but I knew if I got through it , it would become easier and I 'd be all right . ' Asked if his knock had sent any sort of message to the England selectors , he added : ` I hope to show that I can make scores in all three formats . ` This year I want to make as many big scores as I can in this format because it 's still my dream to play Test cricket . ' Yorkshire captain Gale said : ` We were n't at our best today but fair play to Alex Hales . ` I thought he played really well - a chanceless innings really - but we only bowled to 60 or 70 per cent of our potential . ` It was a good toss to win , there was plenty in the wicket in the first session but we did n't utilise it . ` It was just nice to get back out over the white line and get 96 overs in the legs . I hope we can get it right in the morning and bowl them out quickly . '