Prosecutors say they 're dismissing almost three dozen criminal cases connected to four Fort Lauderdale police officers who lost their jobs following an investigation into a racist video and text messages . The Broward State Attorney 's Office reported on Thursday that they had already dropped 12 felony cases , 19 criminal misdemeanor cases and one juvenile case involving one or more of the officers . Nearly 20 more dismissals expected . The arresting officers in the cases , which include burglary , cocaine possession and aggravated assault with a firearm , are no longer on the police force . Scroll down for video . Criminal cases connected to four former Fort Lauderdale police officers have been dismissed after an investigation into a racist video and messages sent by the four cops . Above , Fort Lauderdale Police Chief Frank Adderley -LRB- far right -RRB- speaks about three of the officers ' firings at a press conference in March . All of the four officers committed misconduct involving racist texts ` exchanged among themselves and former police officers ' , Chf Adderley said . Above , in this text , Christopher Sousa refers to killing n ****** ' In another text message , Holding writes : ` Id have that noose ready ' - in reference to black men . Jason Holding , James Wells and Christopher Sousa , all of Fort Lauderdale . were fired in March for ` department misconduct ' . Alex Alvarez resigned in January . Officials say 22-year-old Alex Alvarez resigned , while 30-year-old James Wells , 31-year-old Jason Holding and 25-year-old Christopher Sousa were fired after a five-month investigation , according to The South Florida Sun Sentinel . The investigation began after a woman - Alvarez 's former fiancee - filed a complaint in October . The series of text messages were filled with the N-word and other slurs , and the video included a doctored image of President Barack Obama wearing gold teeth , images of a Ku Klux Klan hood and a police dog attacking a black man . In their cellphone messages , the officers sent each other ` racial , sexist and ethically inappropriate ' images and other content , including offensive comments against both Hispanics and homosexuals . They also ` criticized their coworkers ' grammar , appearance , work ethic and referred to an entire shift as lazy -LRB- expletives -RRB- ' . And they even talked about killing and injuring black people , CBS reported . In one text , Sousa reportedly wrote : ` Holdings we are coming and drinking all your beer and killing n ****** . ' In another , Holding said : ` Id have that noose ready -LRB- sic -RRB- ' , according to the Sun Sentinel . Officer Alex Alvarez , 22 , who apparently created the video -LRB- pictured : a still -RRB- , resigned from the city 's force in late January - before the investigation into he and his colleagues ' exchanges was complete . The video for the fictitious ` The Hoods ' film , which apparently used the N-word repeatedly , featured pictures of a wanted poster for ` an escaped slave ' and black men looking down the barrel of a gun -LRB- pictured -RRB- . The video also included photos of black men being bitten by a dog -LRB- pictured -RRB- , a police investigation determined . The disturbing footage , which apparently used the N-word repeatedly , also featured pictures of a wanted poster for ` an escaped slave ' and a caricature of President Obama with gold-capped teeth . All of the four officers involved in the case committed misconduct involving racist texts ` exchanged among themselves and former police officers ' , Fort Lauderdale Police Chief Frank Adderley said . Chief Adderley , who is African-American , added that the officers did not engage in criminal behavior , ` but their conduct was inexcusable and there is zero tolerance for this kind of behavior ' in the force . A spokesman for the state attorney 's office says all of the dropped cases involve black defendants . Sherman Bynes is one of the defendants whose criminal case has been dismissed . He was arrested by Holding in March 2014 . ` This is a serious matter . We continue to review each case in which these former policemen were the principal officers involved in the arrest , ' spokesman Ron Ishoy told the Sun Sentinel . ` We are dropping charges against the defendants where it is appropriate . ' One of the first felony cases dropped was Holding 's arrest of Sherman Bynes , 36 , in March 2014 . Gordan Weekes , a chief assistant in the city 's public defender 's office called the arrest ` a classic case of driving while black ' . Bynes was pulled over by Holding after rolling through a stop sign in a new Kia owned by the rental car company he worked for . Holding called for a police dog to search the car and Bynes 's person and found a baggie of marijuana in Bynes ' pocket and 14 grams of marijuana , a digital scale and several small plastic bags in a backpack in the trunk . He also said that Bynes was not wearing his seat belt . Holding arrested Bynes , who was charged with possession with intent to sell cannabis and traffic violations . Bynes said Holding was ` extremely aggressive toward him in his demeanor , ' but used no racially offensive language during the stop , according to Bynes 's lawyer . ` Holding 's bias was insurmountable as he was clearly engaging in racially predatory policing that was consistent with his offensive text conversations , ' Weekes said . Broward Public Defender Howard Finkelstein said that between January 1 , 2014 , and the time the officers left the force , they were involved in 56 felony arrests of black and other minority suspects . Chief Adderley -LRB- pictured -RRB- revealed the four officers had told him they had been just joking around . ` Based on the investigation , they felt , in their words , that it was a joke , ' he said at a news conference in March . The three fired officers are disputing their termination from the force and are trying to get their jobs back . They have arbitration hearings on April 15 . Fort Lauderdale Mayor Jack Seiler said in March that he was ` very disappointed , disgusted and shocked ' by the inquiry 's findings , describing the officers as ` a few bad apples ' in a ` diverse ' police department . He added city and department leadership had agreed that the multiple sackings were appropriate . Meanwhile , City Manager Lee Feldman said : ` It 's extremely unfortunate that these acts of racism and hatred took place ' . He also expressed his thanks toward Alvarez 's fiancée for coming forward . The police department in south-east Florida , which has around 500 agents , has now created a human diversity class that all officers must attend on an annual basis in the wake of the incident . The Fraternal Order of Police Lodge # 31 represents the officers . FOP President Jack Lokeinsky said everyone is entitled to due process , and the officers have the right to a fair review of the facts . The police department -LRB- pictured -RRB- in south-east Florida , which has around 500 agents , has now created a human diversity class that all officers must attend on an annual basis in the wake of the incident .