Hillary Clinton has told a series of whoppers about her family history in order to appear more sympathetic to immigrants ' - rights activists , according to documents that surfaced online Wednesday . Buzzfeed found U.S. Census records and Selective Service documents -- draft cards -- that establish that three of the former secretary of state 's grandparents were born in America . That clashes with what Clinton herself has claimed publicly , including Wednesday afternoon in Norwalk , Iowa . SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . Clinton claimed on Wednesday that all of her grandparents ` came over ' from other countries , but in fact only one was born outside the US . Hillary was participating in a staged ` roundtable ' discussion about small business issues in Norwalk , Iowa . ` All my grandparents , you know , came over here , ' she said during a small business roundtable event , ` and you know my grandfather went to work in lace mill in Scranton , Pennsylvania , and worked there until he retired at 65 . He started there when he was a teenager and just kept going . ' Clinton made the statment to underscore her support for changing the status of milions of illegal immigrants . ` We are turning down people who really want to work , ' she said . ` I mean , they are here to work . And a lot of them now have children who are American citizens , and they are doing the best they can to try to make a good life for themselves and their families . ' The underpinnings of her personal story , however , seem false . STAGING : Most reporters were kept out of the Capital City Fruit company ` for space reasons ' although the warehouse had plenty of room to go around . Both of Clinton 's maternal grandparents , named Della Howell and Edwin Howell , were born in Illinois , according to Buzzfeed 's records research . And while her paternal grandfather , Hugh Rodham Sr. , immigrated to the U.S , his wife Hanna Jones Rodham was born in Pennsylvania . In a speech last year in Kentucky , Clinton claimed Hanna ` immigrated with her family as a young girl to Scranton -LSB- Pennnsylvania -RSB- and went to work , very young , in a silk mill . ' ` She traced her Methodism back to the Wesley brothers themselves , ' Clinton said , ` who converted her great grandparents in the small coal mining villages of Southern Wales . ' The Clinton camp quickly acknowledged the accurate Rodham family history . ` As has been correctly pointed out , ' a campaign spokesperson told Buzzfeed , ` while her grandfather was an immigrant , it appears that Hillary 's grandmother was born shortly after her parents and siblings arrived in the U.S. in the early 1880s . ' But the insider insisted that Mrs. Clinton had simply believed what her family members had told her . ` Her grandparents always spoke about the immigrant experience and , as a result she has always thought of them as immigrants , ' the spokesperson said .