Chad Mendes underlined his No 1 spot in UFC 's featherweight rankings with an explosive first-round technical knockout of former title contender Ricardo Lamas in Fairfax on Saturday night . Coming into the fight on the back of a decision loss in what was 2014 's ` Fight of the Year ' against champion Jose Aldo , Mendes did not disappoint . The featherweight came out hard and fast , and quickly landed a right hand which inevitably led to Lamas ' downfall . Chad Mendes punches Ricardo Lamas in their featherweight fight during the UFC Fight Night event . Mendes celebrates his first-round victory against Lamas as he returned to action in Virginia . Mendes celebrates in style after his victory ensured he retains his No 1 featherweight ranking . ` It feels great , ' said Mendes . ` I needed to come in here and make a statement . That 's what I said I was going to try and do and I got it done . Ricardo is a great opponent , he 's been on a tear so it means a lot . ` We 've been working on slipping that right hand and throwing ; that 's something that I 've done for a long time . I was walking him down , he was catching me with a couple of kicks , I hit him big and he went down . ' Mendes piled on the pressure from the first bell despite Lamas threatening him with a diverse array of striking techniques . Just shy of the two-minute mark , the piston-like right hand buckled Lamas and , despite his best efforts to recover , Mendes was just too much for him . Lamas did well to get back to his feet after the initial knockdown but Mendes swarmed him and subsequently landed some punishing blows , including a knee from the clinch . He then connected with a powerful left hook that put Lamas down for a second time , but again Lamas rose . But , losing his balance as he moved away from Mendes , Lamas folded against the Octagon . Mendes evaded Lamas ' attempts to get hold of him as he scrambled on all fours , and ` Money ' dropped some big shots on his counterpart before gesturing to referee Dan Miragliotta , who stopped the bout inside the third minute of the first round . Jorge Masvidal punches Al Iaquinta but fell to a split-decision loss after 15 hard-fought minutes . Masvidal reacts after losing by split decision to Iaquinta in their lightweight fight . Iaquinta punches Masvidal on his way to victory after a back-and-forth fight in Virginia . Meanwhile in the co-main even , Al Iaquinta took a split decision win over Jorge Masvidal in an epic encounter , which saw Iaquinta considerably bloodied and Masvidal sporting a heavily welted lead leg after the 15-minute war . When Masvidal heard the judges ' decision he stormed out of the Octagon while Iaquinta cut his post-fight interview short amid a chorus of boos from the crowd . Earlier , Dustin Poirier and Julianna Pena made successful returns to the Octagon with two first-round finishes that won both fighters ` Performance of the Night ' honours . Pena , who had been sidelined with a knee injury for 18 months , finished Milana Dudieva with punches and elbows from mount and insisted she would strive for a shot at Ronda Rousey 's bantamweight title in the near future . Coming off his first round KO loss to Conor McGregor back in October , and back at lightweight , ` The Diamond ' Poirier looked the picture of confidence as he dropped Carlos Ferreira with a straight shot in the first round of their main card curtain raiser .