The girlfriend of killer co-pilot Andreas Lubtiz is believed to be too scared to return to the small town they both grew up in fearing the she will face the ` hatred of the world ' . Kathrin Goldbach and her family are said to be so afraid of being blamed for the Germanwings crash - caused by Lubitz after he flew the plane he was co-piloting into the French Alps -- that they have fled the town and vowed to never return . The 26-year-old maths teacher , her rescue volunteer brother Andreas and their parents told friends they do not plan to return to their home in the centre of the close-knit rural community of Montabaur . Scroll down for video . Kathrin Goldbach , the girlfriend of killer pilot Andreas Lubitz , and her family , including her brother Andreas -LRB- pictured left and right -RRB- , have reportedly fled their home in Montabaur and have no plans to return . A friend of the distraught family said : ` The girlfriend of the co-pilot has nothing to do with what happened . ` But the hatred of the world is coming down upon her , and you know this place is so small , it is very hard for them to come back here . ` They would have to look to find somewhere to stay around here if they wanted to get away . It is just not possible for them to keep a low profile so they are not coming back . ` It is so much easier if you live in Dusseldorf or somewhere like that . ` But for the parents to come back here , it was almost impossible for them , it is just too small a town . ' An extremely shaken Miss Goldbach , who is seeking comfort from a priest , told investigators that her long-term boyfriend Lubtiz had whisked her away on holiday just days before his death . Kathrin Goldbach and her family are said to be afraid of being blamed for the Germanwings crash , caused by Andreas Lubitz after he flew the plane he was co-piloting into the French Alps . An extremely shaken Miss Goldbach , who is seeking comfort from a priest , told investigators that her long-term boyfriend Lubtiz had whisked her away on holiday just days before his death . Family members were also said to have joined the couple -- who first met while working in a local Burger King as teenagers - on the final holiday . Miss Goldbach left her teaching job in Montabaur after Lubitz qualified as a pilot in 2013 and the pair moved to a flat in Dusseldorf . She got a job in a secondary school in a town called Krefeld just outside of the city . The young teacher also confirmed that in the weeks before the crash he had bought ` his and her ' luxury Audi 's for himself and Miss Goldbach . Yesterday , it was claimed that footage showing the last few seconds inside the doomed flight had been found among the wreckage of the crash site . French prosecutor Brice Robin has called for anyone with footage of the plane crash which killed 150 people to hand it over to the authorities . A source close to the investigation said : ` His girlfriend was very nervous in the interview . She had a female minister with her to try to keep her calm but she was wringing her hands and was very tense . ` She knew he was ill but had no idea he was in this state of mind . He showed no signs of suicidal thoughts . ' Yesterday French prosecutor Brice Robin called for anyone with footage of the plane crash which killed 150 people to hand it over to the authorities . The demand came after German and French media reported having seen a video recording showing the final chaotic scenes of the flight as it hurled towards the Alps mountainside . Mr Robin said investigators were not yet examining mobile phones found at the crash site , and he was not aware of footage from phones having been recovered .