The mutilated body of a missing elderly British woman has been found ` in two different areas ' of a southern French region and a man charged with her murder , local prosecutors say . Violet Price , 80 , had been missing from her home in Moustier village since last week , after her son - a businessman who lives in the area - was unable to reach her by phone after she attended a dinner party . A 32-year-old man has now been arrested and charged with murder after he told police where to find the body parts . Prosecutor Pascal Prache -LRB- left -RRB- speaks during a press conference in Agen , where it was revealed body parts believed to be that of missing Violent Price had been found in two separate locations . Local police have arrested and charged a 32-year-old suspect , who they say was known to Mrs Price . Violet Price -LRB- pictured -RRB- , 80 , had been missing from her home in Moustier village since last week . Mrs Price 's son , who lives in the same area , raised the alert on Saturday after he went to her house when she failed to respond on the phone . Police immediately started looking for the 80-year-old widow who lived alone , mobilising 70 officers , a helicopter and divers , and searching hospitals as well - to no avail . A source close to the probe had said she was ` neither depressive nor suicidal ' , adding that there was no apparent reason for her disappearance . The Daily Telegraph reported the 32-year-old man has now been arrested and charged with two counts of murder , although prosecutor Pascal Prache could not give any information on a possible motive . The suspect told police where to find the body parts in two different areas of the southern region . Mr Prache said : ` Given the declarations of the suspect and observations on site , it appears to be the body of Violet Price , ' he said , adding that an autopsy would confirm this . He added the suspect had already been sentenced in 2005 to eight years in prison for manslaughter and the man and Mrs Price knew each other , though they were not close . They were both present at a meal hosted by the in-laws of Mrs Price 's son Saturday , both left separately mid-afternoon , but for reasons as yet unknown , both found themselves at her home later in the day . When officers visited Mrs Price 's house on Saturday they found the lights on , and two cups of coffee -- one half full . The source said Mrs Price did not own a mobile phone , but had plenty of friends and family in the Dordogne , and had been enjoying life . Mrs Price is a widow whose maiden name is Finnis . She moved to France from London three years ago so as to be closer to her son . She speaks very little French . The Dordogne , east of Bordeaux , is hugely popular with British expats and second home owners , who move there for the beautiful countryside and relatively cheap property prices . French police collect evidence at the home of Violet Price , who went missing on Saturday after attending a dinner party . Mrs Price and her late husband , Harry , bought the house in Moustier 15 years ago , originally as a holiday home to rent out . Mr Price died last year . Mrs Price also moved to Moustier to be closer to her son , Paul , who is married with two children , and lives in nearby Pardaillan . Claudine Eon , the Mayor of Moustier , said : ` I never expected it to end like this . I 'm a natural optimist , and thought she had gone off with friends . ` I 've spoken with a lot of people in the village who , from now on , will be keeping their doors locked . They 've already barricaded themselves in . ' Mr Eon said Ms Price was ` charming and courteous ' , and mainly spent her time with members of the British community in the area .