The Queen 's staff will take industrial action for the first time in history over their ` ridiculously low ' wages . Wardens at Windsor Castle say they are expected to carry out extra duties , including giving guided tours to visitors , for no extra money . Union chiefs claim workers earn as little as £ 14,700 despite working the ` country 's richest family ' . Wardens at Windsor Castle -LRB- pictured here collecting flowers laid by well-wishers following the death of The Queen Mother -RRB- have voted for industrial action in a dispute over pay . Their main role includes meeting and greeting visitors , conducting security searches , telling people about the history of the Castle , and handing out free audio guides . But The Public and Commercial Services union -LRB- PCS -RRB- said staff are also asked to perform extra duties for free , such as leading paid-for tours , carrying out first aid and speaking foreign languages to overseas visitors . Now , staff have voted ` overwhelmingly ' in favour of industrial action after complaining they have suffered ` years of pay restraint ' . The PCS said 76 wardens out of 180 at the Castle will now refuse to host tours of the Great Kitchen and the Tower and will instead ` work to rule -- meaning they rigidly stick to their contractual obligations . The Public and Commercial Services Union said the Queen and Royal Family -LRB- pictured at the Castle -RRB- should not ` abuse the -LRB- workers ' -RRB- goodwill by not properly rewarding them ' Wardens are also considering causing ` disruption ' and ` long queues ' by conducting more thorough security searches than usual and ` observing every single check they are supposed to do ' -- slowing down visitors ' entry to the Castle . The wardens work for the Royal Collection Trust , a charity which presides over one of the world 's largest and most important works of art , jewels and artefacts . It is held in trust by the sovereign on behalf of the nation , so they are technically employees of the Royal Household . A spokesman for the PCS said : ` The dispute here is not with the Queen and the Royal Family but the managers who run the Castle on their behalf . ` The wardens who work at Windsor Castle are very loyal and want to work for the Royal Family . ` We believe our requests are modest and reasonable and , by not resolving this dispute , the Royal Collection is dragging the Queen 's name into this . That is not what staff want . ' Staff claim they receive poor salaries and perform extra duties such as guiding visitors around Windsor Castle for no additional money . The union has proposed that wardens receive an extra £ 150 a year for speaking a foreign language to visitors and an allowance for every day they conduct tours . They claimed that at nearby Hampton Court Palace , owned by a separate charity , wardens received an extra £ 10 to £ 15 a day for leading guided tours and that Windsor Castle staff should also receive ` fair recompense ' . The union said they narrowly accepted a poor pay offer last year on the understanding that additional allowances for tours and other skills would be considered this year . But following failed negotiations , non-strike industrial action could now start from the end of April . A Royal Collection Trust spokesman said : ` Following the union ballot , we have been informed that some PCS-affiliated wardens at Windsor Castle will no longer participate in various activities undertaken during their working day , including using their language and first-aid skills , and conducting tours of specific areas of the castle during August and September . A spokesman for the Royal Collection Trust , which employee the wardens at one of the official residences of the Queen said they were ` disappointed ' with the result of the ballot . ` These activities have never been compulsory . It has always been the choice of the individual as to whether they take part . ` While the outcome of the ballot is disappointing , it will have no effect on services to visitors to the castle . ' The Royal Collection said that only nine wardens were required to conduct tours every day out of an average of 85 wardens in work , and that the industrial action should have ` no impact ' on visitors . Asked about the threat of slower security searches , a spokeswoman said : ` Security searches at Windsor Castle are rigorous and we would expect staff to carry out their usual duties . ' Staff 's wages were raised to the new ` living wage ' , which is above the National minimum wage , earlier this month . This increased wardens ' pay from £ 7.70 an hour -LRB- £ 14,400 a year -RRB- to £ 7.85 an hour -LRB- £ 14,700 -RRB- . But the PCS complained that the living wage officially rose last November and that this wage hike should therefore be back-dated -- a condition the Royal Collection has now agreed to .