It really is tough to think of a previous Premier League game of such importance being undercut by this depth of friendship between dugouts . Tim Sherwood and Chris Ramsey know each other inside out . They also know how their careers could be shaped by 90 minutes of football at Villa Park . From living 10 minutes apart in Buckinghamshire and Bedfordshire , the pair will be 10 metres away from each other on a touchline in Birmingham , relishing the pressure . The careers of Tim Sherwood -LRB- above -RRB- and Chris Ramsey -LRB- below -RRB- could be shaped by 90 minutes on Tuesday . Ramsey 's QPR go to the home of Sherwood 's Villa for a match that could see them out of the bottom three . A match of this magnitude is what these two English coaches craved during years working together at Tottenham Hotspur , probably believing they would be united in battle . A quirky sequence of events has pitted them on opposite sides instead . Sherwood came close to the QPR job when Harry Redknapp resigned , but Paul Lambert was sacked in the same period and Aston Villa placed the call . Ramsey looked the unlikely choice at Loftus Road but guided QPR to their first away Premier League victory this season at Sunderland , earning the reins until the summer . A second win on the road at West Bromwich Albion on Saturday means QPR can go above Villa with three points on Tuesday night , plunging Sherwood 's team into the relegation zone . The reverse result would take Villa to the precipice of safety , leaving QPR with a fainter glimmer of hope . QPR come into the match with confidence after a convincing 4-1 victory over Villa 's neighbours West Brom . Christian Benteke celebrates his goal in Villa 's 3-1 defeat by Manchester United on Saturday . It is a sliding doors match , the kind to be looked back upon in months to come as the moment futures were directed , both for clubs and managers . Lose and suffer relegation ? Sherwood 's position would come under considerable question , his trajectory as the bright thing of English coaching skewered . Ramsey would likely be shuffled back to a role behind the curtain . Win and survive ? Reputation enhanced , the opportunity to lay foundations would be presented . Either way , this pair will share pints again , unpicking the evening when their top-flight statuses came under enormous scrutiny . Neither Sherwood nor Ramsey has been trying to underplay this match , even if one offered a little more bombast than the other . ` I think this is the biggest game that a lot of these players have ever played for this football club , ' said Sherwood . ` If I could hype up the pressure even more I would . ' ` A win would be a fantastic boost for us because it would see us above the line , ' said Ramsey . ` It would give the fans a lot of hope that we have a chance of staying up . ' Neighbours within 10 minutes and friends , Ramsey -LRB- centre -RRB- and Sherwood -LRB- right -RRB- know each other inside out . The pair worked together at Spurs with Les Ferdinand -LRB- second right -RRB- , now QPR 's director of football . Under the floodlights , this promises to be a thrilling night of action . Villa Park has already enjoyed that with back-to-back matches in darkness against West Brom . The second victory , in the FA Cup , sparked a pitch invasion . The atmosphere against QPR will be tense and frenetic again . Sherwood will live every moment on the sidelines , Ramsey will be more considered . There are likely to be some telling looks either direction . Both would be inclined to work with each other again . ` He 's a good pal of mine and a very loyal friend , but it 's been put to one side , ' insisted Sherwood . ` Considering we worked together for four-five years before , there is going to be some sort of strange feeling , ' said Ramsey . Once the whistle blows it is down to the players , of course . QPR 's will bounce into action off the back of one of their finest performances this season . Villa underwhelmed in defeat at Old Trafford . The Hyatt hotel just off Broad Street brought comfort for Ramsey 's squad during their trip to the Second City three days ago , but Eduardo Vargas , scorer of two in two , will be missing through injury this time . Bobby Zamora , who claimed a wonderful strike at the Hawthorns , has been wrapped in cotton wool over the weekend . QPR will be without Eduardo Vargas , who scored his second in two games against West Brom . Alan Hutton , Ashley Westwood and Scott Sinclair are out for Villa , Tom Cleverley , Aly Cissokho and Kieran Richardson major doubts . Sherwood wants attacking football with a gritty underbelly , Ramsey is likely to map out a plan to threaten on the break . Twice Villa have been beaten late at home under Sherwood , as Ramsey will be aware . Quality may suffer in the circumstances , but excitement should still course through the encounter . High drama awaits . Christian Benteke . Struggled on return form Achilles injury and looked disinterested at times under Lambert , seems to have found his mojo for Sherwood as four goals in four games testifies . Should strike terror into QPR at his best . Fabian Delph . The beating heart of Aston Villa , a demanding , driving bundle of energy in midfield to whom others turn . Scored the breakthrough goal in the Cup tie against West Brom and needs a similar impact here . Fabian Delph is the beating heart of Villa . Ciaran Clark . The 25-year-old has grown in stature this season for Villa , a vocal presence at the back and thoroughly committed . He will be the defender to put in a tackle of substance to get the fans cheering . Charlie Austin . Has now scored 16 Premier League goals this season , a remarkable tally in his debut campaign . Will look to get on the end of any opportunities in the area and has movement to trouble . Joey Barton . Was at his snarling best against West Brom , tackling and passing to dominate midfield . Picked up his eighth booking in ten games but is available against Villa . Much depends on how much he imposes himself . Joey Barton 's midfield menace is key for QPR . Bobby Zamora . Produced probably the best goal of his career aged 34 at the Hawthorns and has rested up since . His aching limbs mean training is minimal . But on the pitch he can provide a focal point to attacks and win plenty in the air .