Nasa has selected a variety of companies to work on projects to create advanced space technologies , including faster methods of propulsion . Other projects to be worked on include improved habitats for humans , and small satellites to explore deep space . And one of the companies in the 12 Next Space Technologies for Exploration Partnerships -LRB- NextStep -RRB- says they have an engine that could get humans to Mars in just 39 days . Scroll down for video . Nasa has selected a variety of companies to work on projects to create advanced space technologies , including a faster method of propulsion known as Vasimr -LRB- illustrated -RRB- , which could apparently get to Mars in a matter of weeks , not months . The Vasimr engine - which uses plasma as a propellant - is being developed by the Ad Astra Rocket company in Texas . Their engine shot to fame a few years ago when it was revealed that it could drastically reduce the journey time to Mars from months to weeks - although it may require a nuclear power source . And following the successful test of a prototype in 2013 , it seems Nasa is now considering it for use on a future mission to Mars . Short for Variable Specific Impulse Magnetoplasma Rocket , Vasimr works with plasma , an electrically charged gas that can be heated to extreme temperatures by radio waves and controlled and guided by strong magnetic fields . The magnetic field also insulates nearby structures so exhaust temperatures well beyond the melting point of materials can be achieved . In rocket propulsion , the higher the temperature of the exhaust gases , the higher their velocity and the higher the fuel efficiency . Plasma rockets feature exhaust velocities far above those achievable by their chemical cousins , so their fuel consumption is extremely low . ` We are thrilled by this announcement and proud to be joining forces with Nasa in the final steps of the technology maturation , ' said Dr Franklin Chang Diaz , Ad Astra 's Chairman and CEO , in a statement . ` We look forward to a very successful partnership as we jointly advance the technology to flight readiness . ' Over three years , Nasa will give the company about £ 6.8 million -LRB- $ 10 million -RRB- to get the engine almost ready to fly in space . This will be achieved with a demonstration of their new prototype , the VX-200-SS , which will be able to fire continuously for more than 100 hours . A previous test in 2013 saw Ad Astra complete 10,000 successful high power firings of a Vasimr prototype . However , this involved short duration bursts for less than a minute . Proving the engine works for more than 100 hours will be key to it one day being used on a spacecraft . The Vasimr engine is seen here being tested . Short for Variable Specific Impulse Magnetoplasma Rocket , Vasimr works with plasma , an electrically charged gas that can be heated to extreme temperatures by radio waves and controlled and guided by strong magnetic fields . In rocket propulsion , the higher the temperature of the exhaust gases , the higher their velocity and the higher the fuel efficiency . Plasma rockets like Vasimr -LRB- illustrated -RRB- feature exhaust velocities far above those achievable by their chemical cousins , so their fuel consumption is extremely low . The Vasimr engine could be part of the entire spacecraft that will ultimately take astronauts to Mars . The rocket that will send them on their way will be the Space Launch System , illustrated , which will complete an unmanned flight in 2019 - and it will have room for some secondary payloads to go to deep space . Owing to the orbits of Earth and Mars , there are specific windows of opportunity when a mission can take place . Our planets come as close to each other as 33.9 million miles -LRB- 54.6 million km -RRB- , but can be as distant as 250 million miles -LRB- 400 million km -RRB- . For this reason spacecraft to Mars , such as the Curiosity rover , have to launch in certain windows when the planets are aligned . The next window is open from January 2016 to April 2016 , and will see the launch of two more missions to the red planet . For a future manned mission , they will need to launch out in one of the windows and return in another . Just getting there will take up to nine months . The astronauts will then be there waiting for a year until they can come back , again taking up to nine months - a total of around three years . Whether an engine such as Vasimr could shorten the time it would take to cover the distance , though , remains to be seen . With this and other technologies , Nasa said in a statement they want to develop exploration capabilities around the moon , and at Mars . ` Commercial partners were selected for their technical ability to mature key technologies and their commitment to the potential applications both for government and private sector uses , ' said William Gerstenmaier , associate administrator for Human Exploration and Operations at Nasa Headquarters . ` This work ultimately will inform the strategy to move human presence further into the solar system . ' Three advanced electric propulsion projects , including Vasimr , will develop engines that operate in the 50 to 300 kilowatt range . By comparison , current electric propulsion used by Nasa - such as the ion engine on the Dawn spacecraft - operates at less than five kilowatts . Meanwhile , seven companies have been picked to work on the habitats that will house astronauts as they make their way to Mars in the 2030s . While the Orion capsule will take astronauts to and from Earth , it can only sustain a crew of four for 21 days . To make the journey to Mars , expected to last anywhere from several months to three years , astronauts will need to live in some other structure . Nasa will be hoping one of the projects it is funding will find a way to house the astronauts for the grueling journey to and from the red planet . While the Orion capsule -LRB- shown after test flight in December 2014 -RRB- will take astronauts to and from Earth , it can only sustain a crew of four for 21 days . To make the journey to Mars , expected to last anywhere from several months to three years , astronauts will need to live in some other structure . Previously , Boeing outlined the six steps needed to land and return on Mars -LRB- illustrated -RRB- . Two are already in production - the Orion spacecraft and SLS rocket . The other four things needed are a large ` tug ' spacecraft , a habitat , lander and an ascent vehicle - all of which Nasa is hoping to develop in the next decade or so . Nasa is also asking companies to development capabilities to sustain a crew of four for 60 days in cis-lunar space - between Earth and the moon - with the ability to scale up to Mars missions . The companies selected include Bigelow Aerospace , who are creating an inflatable habitation module - a prototype of which will be attached to the ISS in 2018 . And finally , two companies have been selected to develop small satellites - CubeSats - to launch as secondary paylods on the first flight of Nasa 's huge Space Launch System rocket in 2019 . As the rocket is so powerful , it will give these CubeSats a rare opportunity to explore deep space , as opposed to remaining in Earth orbit . Two companies have also been selected to develop small satellites - CubeSats - to launch as secondary paylods on the first flight of Nasa 's huge Space Launch System rocket in 2019 . It will give these CubeSats a rare opportunity to explore deep space , as opposed to remaining in Earth orbit -LRB- illustration shown -RRB- .