A search for a sewage pipe beneath an Italian restaurant yielded two centuries worth of history . Lucian Faggiano bought the building in Lecce , Puglia in the south of Italy and had planned to turn it into a trattoria - but renovations were put on hold when he discovered a toilet on the site was blocked . And while attempting to fix the toilet he dug into a Messapian tomb built 2,000 years ago , a Roman granary , a Franciscan chapel , and even etchings thought to be made by the Knights Templar . Scroll down for 3D tour . Lucian Faggiano 's dream of opening a restaurant was scuppered when a dig to find a blocked sewage point yielded some 2,000 years of hidden history , including vast rooms and pottery -LRB- shown in this image that features Mr Faggiano left and his son -RRB- . In a bid to stop the sewage backing up , Mr Faggiano , 60 , and his two sons dug a trench and instead of isolating the offending pipe found underground corridors and rooms beneath the property on 56 Via Ascanio Grandi , The New York Times reported . The search for the pipe began at the turn of the millennium . Lecce , at the heel of Italy 's ` boot ' was once a crossroads in the Mediterranean and an important trading post for the Romans . But the first layers of the city date to the time of Homer , according to local historian Mario De Marco . Eight years after it was meant to open as a restaurant , the building has been turned into Museum Faggiano -LRB- pictured -RRB- and a number of staircases allow visitors to travel down through time to visit the ancient underground chambers discovered by the family . He imagined it would take a week to dig down and fix the plumbing beneath the building , but instead , the DIY mission led to the discovery of a Messapian tomb , a Roman granary -LRB- pictured left -RRB- , a Franciscan chapel - and even etchings from the Knights Templar . An ancient room beneath the modern building is shown right . The search for the pipe -LRB- shown in this image of Mr Faggiano and his son -RRB- began at the turn of the millennium when no-one could have predicted the treasures hidden beneath the floorboards , which revealed a subterranean world dating back to before the birth of Jesus . It is not unusual for religious relics to turn up in fields or in the middle of the city itself , which has a mixture of old architecture . For example , a century ago , a Roman amphitheatre was recently found beneath a marble column bearing the statue of Lecce 's patron saint , Orontius in the main square and recently a Roman temple was found under a car park . ` Whenever you dig a hole , centuries of history come out , ' said Severo Martini , a member of the City Council . Years of excavations have seen the emergence of Roman devotional bottles , ancient vases and a ring with Christian symbols as well as hidden frescoes and medieval pieces . Here , Mr Faggiano carries a piece of Roman pottery from an underground room . The building yielded plenty of nooks and crannies including mysterious shafts -LRB- pictured left and right -RRB- which lead to older parts of the building deeper and deeper underground . Lucian Faggiano bought the seemingly standard building in Lecce , Puglia in the south of Italy , -LRB- marked on this map -RRB- but his dream of turning it into a trattoria was put on hold thanks to a broken toilet . Lecce , at the heel of Italy 's ` boot ' was once a crossroads in the Mediterranean and a trading post for the Romans . The origins of Lecce in southern Italy are thought to be more than 2,000 years old . It was founded by the Messapii , who are said to have been Cretans in Greek records , explaining the city 's Greek culture . According to legend , a city called Sybar existed at the time of the Trojan War and was founded by the Messapii . It was conquered by the Romans in the 3rd century BC , who gave it the name Lupiae , which later became Lecce . Under the emperor Hadrian , in the second century AD , the city moved two miles -LRB- 3 km -RRB- northeast , got a theatre and an amphitheatre and was connected to the Hadrian Port . Oronotius of Lecce , who is known as Sant ` Oronzo is thought to have served as the city 's first Christian bishop and is now Lecce 's patron saint . After the fall of the Roman Empire , the city was sacked by king Totila in the Gothic Wars . After that it was conquered once again by the Byzantines in 549 and remained part of the Eastern Empire despite some small conquests . After the Normans arrived in the 11th century , Lecce grew in commercial importance again , having been an important trading post in Roman times . It grew rich and became one of the most important cities in southern Italy , evidenced by its many impressive Baroque monuments . Plague broke out in the 17th century and the city was briefly home to Allied fighters fighting the Nazis in the Second World War . Mr Faggiano asked his sons to help fix the problem with the plumbing so he could accelerate the opening of his restaurant , in a building that looked like it was modernised . But when they dug down they hit a floor of medieval stone , beneath which was a Messapian tomb , built by people who lived in the area before the birth of Jesus . Legend has it the city was founded by the Messapii , who are said to have been Cretans in Greek records , but then the settlement was called Sybar . Upon further investigation , the family team also discovered a Roman room that was used to store grain , and a basement of a Franciscan convent where nuns were thought to have once prepared the bodies of the dead . Afraid of costs and the delay in opening the restaurant , Mr Faggiano initially kept his amateur archaeology a secret from his wife , in part perhaps because he was lowering his youngest son , Davide , 12 though small gaps in the floor to aid his work . But his wife , Anna Maria Sanò suspected the work was more complex than it appeared thanks to the amount of dirty clothes she was washing , and because of dirt and debris being taken away . Investigators shut down the site , warning Mr Faggiano he was conducting an unofficial archaeological dig . After a year , work continued but had to be overseen by heritage officials who witnessed the emergence of Roman devotional bottles , ancient vases and a ring with Christian symbols as well as hidden frescoes and medieval pieces . Retired cultural heritage official , Giovanni Giangreco , who was involved with the excavation , said : ` The Faggiano house has layers that are representative of almost all of the city 's history , from the Messapians to the Romans , from the medieval to the Byzantine time . ' Afraid of costs and the delay in opening the restaurant , Mr Faggiano initially kept his amateur archaeology a secret from his wife . Here , he sorts though pieces of glass and pottery found in one of the rooms . There are even pieces embedded in the wall . Upon further investigation , the family team also discovered a Roman room that was used to store grain and a basement of a Franciscan convent where nuns were thought to have once prepared the bodies of the dead . The cavernous property has been turned into a museum so visitors can easily see the remains -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Mr Faggiano -LRB- pictured here with his son in an ancient underground room -RRB- admits to becoming obsessed with the project , but still wanted to open his restaurant . Despite bearing the financial load of the dig , the family became fascinated about the history beneath their building and made ends meet by renting rooms in it . Mr Faggiano admits to becoming obsessed with the project , but still wanted to open his restaurant . He said : ` At one point , I could n't take it anymore I bought cinder blocks and was going to cover it up and pretend it had never happened . ' Eight years after it was meant to open as a restaurant , the incredible building has been turned into Museum Faggiano and a number of staircases allow visitors to travel down through time to visit the ancient underground chambers . However , Mr Faggiano has n't given up on his culinary dream and is planning on opening a restaurant at a less complex location -- even though he finally found the troublesome sewage pipe . Mr Faggiano , pictured here , said : ` At one point , I could n't take it anymore I bought cinder blocks and was going to cover it up and pretend it had never happened '