Former paramedic Crsity Collins had admitted that she used ice while driving and treating patients in an effort to raise awareness about the damaging drug . A former ice addict , who worked as a paramedic while high on the drug , has made her story public in an attempt to raise awareness of the illegal substance and the lack of support available for its victims . Crsity Collins was using crystal meth every day and spending up to $ 500 a week to keep up her drug habit . The 30-year-old , who took herself to the emergency room six times while suffering drug induced psychosis , has slammed health services for failing to offer her support despite claiming on numerous occasions that bugs were eating her eyes . ` Because I was awake all the time I had a staph infection , but I actually believed I might have bugs in my eyes and when I went to hospital , I was having drug-induced psychosis , I would say I had mites in my eyes or fleas or bugs , ' Ms Collins told Daily Mail Australia . ` Not once was I ever asked `` are you on meth or taking drugs or are you having a drug induced psychosis '' or `` should we get a social worker or a psych assessment '' . ` I do n't know if they were trying to protect me because I was in the ambulance service , but either way they should n't have been protecting me because firstly , I was dealing with people and patients and secondly , like anyone else I deserve the best treatment and care . ` I should have never been allowed to be released so many times without a psych consultation or councillor . ' The 30-year-old said she was never offered support despite checking herself into the emergency room on six occasions -LRB- right -RRB- while claiming that she had bugs in her eyes -LRB- left -RRB- . ` I should have never been allowed to be released so many times without a psych consultation or councillor , ' she said . Ms Collins , whose addiction was fuelled by her post traumatic stress disorder and a borderline personality disorder , first began using illegal drugs recreationally , and first tried meth , while living in Darwin . However her habit ironically escalated when she attempted to escape the city an its ` party scene ' by moving back to Launceston in Tasmania , where she rekindled a relationship with an ex-boyfriend who was part of ` the same sort of scene ' . ` I did n't have any friends that were n't using drugs . Everyone had it around . Pills were n't easy to come across in Launceston , it was always speed and then ice took over , ' Ms Collins said . ` It made me feel like superwoman - I could do anything and run on barely any sleep , so it became something I was using on a very frequent basis . ` You could be on top of everything even while lacking sleep - long night shifts , day shifts , I could study for hours when I came home , dinner would be done , the house would be clean - and it became a way to cope with these mental illnesses that I did n't know I had . ' Ms Collins has now been clean for nine months after seeking help from the Department of Veterans Affairs . She said that it was when she and her now ex-boyfriend broke up that she became a daily user of the drug , even when driving and treating patients as an ambulance worker , but that none of her colleagues appeared to notice . ` I never felt affected . I never had any close calls where I could have put someone in danger . I was always very good at my job , very on the ball with patient care , and that why I was never suspected , ' Ms Collins said . ` When I look back , I find it absolutely disgraceful . I could have had psychosis at any stage or changed my awareness or sense of judgement - it 's such an unpredictable drug . ` I 'd hate to know that anyone I know was being taken care of by someone that is hungover or on any form of drug that would alter their sense of awareness , let alone ice . ` But it was n't until I started taking lots of sick days because my eyes were flaring-up form being awake all the time that anyone noticed something was wrong , and even then it was like they were more worried that I would n't have any leave left rather than that my health was deteriorating . ' Sores from obsessive picking : She said that traking the drug used to make her feel ` like superwoman ' Ms Collins has now been clean for more than nine months after finding free help with the Department of Veterans Affairs , which she was directed to by pure chance after being arrested . ` I was on my way to a dealer 's house and got pulled over . My car was raided and they found drugs and when then let me out on bail to appear at court , a police officer who was a reservist said `` you need to get yourself together '' and told me to see Veterans Affairs , ' she said . Unlike at the single out-patient facility in Launceston , which was run by nurses and social workers but had no councillors , Ms Collins found intensive help that assessed the root of her drug addiction and uncovered her mental health problems . She now has effective strategies in place with her councillor to deal with her borderline personality disorder and anxiety , which used to lead her to take drugs as a coping mechanism , as well as the post-traumatic stress disorder she acquired while working in Iraq as a medic for six months . ` You could be on top of everything even while lacking sleep - long night shifts , day shifts , I could study for hours when I came home , dinner would be done , the house would be clean - and it became a way to cope with these mental illnesses that I did n't know I had , ' Ms Collins said . ` I was partially stressed -LSB- while in Iraq -RSB- because I was the only female in that group , so I did n't want to make mistakes and I wanted to fit in with the men , ' she said . ` Then there was the constant artillery and bombings we 'd get in the compound ... it did n't feel like it affected me there , but when I came back I would hear loud bands and instantly hide or duck for cover . I 'd be constantly looking for bombs on the side of the roads , it was a habit there and when I got home I could n't get out of it . ' She is not living with her family who provide her with emotional and finical support after she left her job and isolated herself from damaging social groups , and is actively looking for her next line of work . Ms Collins wants to use her story to raise awareness about the ` epidemic of ice users ' in Tasmania , where she said middle and higher class users were very common . ` In Tasmania there is becoming an epidemic of ice users and ice related crime , so if it can help even just a few people , then I 'm more than happy to share my story , ' she said . ` It 's not just the lower socio-economic groups in society that we should concentrate on , it 's happening everywhere - the drug does n't discriminate and it 's happening in the higher class and the middle classes . You need to have money to use it . ` There 's no drug testing in people that we hold in high regards , like paramedics , police and firies - pilots have to have drug tests and paramedics should be made to have these tests too . '