A precious couple , who have been through thick and thin together for the last seven years , have finally committed to tying the knot in a glitzy wedding that will see all funds raised go to charity . Jasper and Jasmine may not be your regular bride and groom , but the rescued pugs ' May 17 ceremony at the St Kilda beachfront in Melbourne will have some of the biggest stylists and designers ensuring their big day runs smoothly . Both adorable dogs were surrendered to Pug Rescue and Adoption Victoria in 2013 with a variety of health problems . Jasper -LRB- left -RRB- and Jasmine -LRB- right -RRB- will be ` married ' in a charity event in May to raise money for Pug Rescue and Adoption Victoria . Both adorable dogs were surrendered to the organisation in 2013 with a variety of health problems . Both were morbidly obese , struggling to breathe , and almost blind . After six months of rehabilitation , in which both dogs lost 3 kg and had their sight almost entirely restored , they were found a loving new home . They were morbidly obese , struggling to breathe , and almost blind due to pigmentary keratitis , where a thick brown pigment covered their corneas . Jasper also suffered from severe dental problems and entropion , a condition which caused his eyelids to curl in and his eyelashes to painfully rub against his eyes . After six months of rehabilitation , in which both dogs lost 3 kg and had their sight almost entirely restored - and Jasper underwent entropion surgery to reshape and remodel his eyelids as well as major dental work - , both dogs managed to find a loving home with Alison and Matt Rowe . The couple , who describe their new pets as inseparable , soon decided that Jasper and Jasmine 's relationship was like that of a boyfriend and girlfriend . Valentines day : Their new owners noticed a great bond between the dogs and always joked they were boyfriend and girlfriend . ` At the day spa getting ready for our engagement photoshoot ' : They decided to ` wed ' their new pups in an effort to raise money for the organisation that helped save them . Jasmine gets fitted for her wedding gown : The well-awaited wedding dress will be designed and created by former Project Runway designer Craig Braybrook -LRB- left -RRB- , a pug owner and lover . ` They sleep together , they eat together , they bath together and cuddle each other every day . They are so close they even clean each other 's ears , ' Alison said . The notion presented the perfect idea for a fundraiser event for Pug Rescue and Adoption Victoria , which rescues and cares for up to 100 surrendered pugs each year . Running entirely on donations , vet discounts and the kindness and passion of their volunteers , the organisation hopes to raise enough money through admission tickets and the wedding 's ` gift registry ' to continue funding the various operations required by newcomers . Jasmine 's bridal consultation saw her try on her custom headpiece for the big day . ` Jasper I love you Jasi xx ' : ` They sleep together , they eat together , they bath together and cuddle each other every day . They are so close they even clean each other 's ears , ' owner Alison Rowe said . Pug Rescue and Adoption Victoria run entirely on donations , vet discounts and the kindness and passion of their volunteers . ` We are a foster based group - we do n't have a shelter or kennels or office . All the dogs are fostered in volunteer 's homes and cared for by their foster parents . No one is paid within our organisation and we started up about five years ago , ' Founder Joana Herceg told Daily Mail Australia . ` Why pugs ? You need dedicated breed rescuers because a lot of the time , pugs will come into care and volunteers will pick-up a medical issues that an old owner or vet did n't pick up - it might be behaviour that people might think is unusual or naughty , but is really just how a pug behaves . ' The bride and groom are lucky enough to have renowned Australian event designer and pug lover Christian Wagstaff - who has worked on the Crown Casino , The Logies and Melbourne 's Food and Wine Festival - styling their big day . The organisation hopes to raise enough money through admission tickets and the wedding 's ` gift registry ' to continue funding the various operations required by newcomers . The bridal party -LRB- pictured , with Jasper and Jasmine in the centre -RRB- will also be dressed to impress at the extravagant event . The bride and groom -LRB- pictured -RRB- are lucky enough to have renowned Australian event designer and pug lover Christian Wagstaff - who has worked on the Crown Casino , The Logies and Melbourne 's Food and Wine Festival - styling their big day . More than 300 people and 60 pugs are expected to attend the wedding , but Ms Herceg said virtual tickets for the live stream of the event can also be purchased by pug-lovers who ca n't attend in person . Meanwhile Jasmine 's well-awaited wedding dress will be designed and created by former Project Runway designer Craig Braybrook , another pug owner and lover . A pug bridal party will also be dressed to impress at the extravagant event . More than 300 people and 60 pugs are expected to attend the wedding , but Ms Herceg said virtual tickets for the live stream of the event can also be purchased by pug-lovers who ca n't attend in person . Guests will be treated with drinks , canapés , wedding cake , music and inspiring rescue and rehabilitation stories while a ` treats bar ' will cater to pug guests . To attend Jasmine and Jasper 's wedding or support the organisation that rescued them , please visit www.jasperandjasmine.com .