Mother charged : Tyecka Evans , 28 , has been charged with manslaughter in the death of her 3-month-old baby , which occurred while she was out clubbing with her sister . A 28-year-old Florida woman has been charged in the death of her 3-month-old daughter who was left home alone while the mother was out dancing last week . Tyecka Shanta Evans , a mother of two from Ocala , was taken into custody Tuesday after her youngest child , 3-month-old Taliya Richardson , was discovered unresponsive at home last Thursday . Evans initially told police she had dozed off and woke up in the living room to find that her daughter had crawled over a pillow on the floor and had a plastic shopping bag over her head . But Evans later changed her story and admitted that she had left her two children , ages 9 and three months , and her 1-year-old nephew home alone at 1 am to go to a club with her sister and the woman 's boyfriend . When she returned home to the Parkside Garden Apartments on Northwest Second Street from her outing at around 2.40 am , Taliya was found unresponsive . Surveillance video from the housing complex shows Tyecka Evans arriving home by car at 2.36 am and running into her apartment , reported Fox 35 . Moments later , she reemerges and waves at her sister downstairs , signalling for to come up . Evans ' young daughter was rushed to Munroe Regional Medical Center , where she was pronounced dead less than 30 minutes later . Home alone : After initially telling police that she was sleeping at home when her child stopped breathing , Evans later admitted that she went out for nearly two hours and found her daughter unresponsive upon her return to Parkside Garden Apartments in Ocala , Florida . Toyana Evans -LRB- left -RRB- , Tyecka 's sister , could face charges for lying to police . Both women have criminal records and have been arrested multiple times . Hospital staff said the 28-year-old mom was crying and appeared distraught , reported the Ocala Star Banner . During questioning , she told detectives she did not want to go to the club Thursday night , but her sister kept insisting and eventually she decided to join her . Evans now faces manslaughter charges . She was released from jail Tuesday night after posting $ 30,000 bail . Toyana Evans , Tyecka 's sister , also could face charges for allegedly lying to police , according to the station WESH . Online records indicate that Tyecka Evans has a lengthy criminal record , which includes at least 10 arrests since 2009 on various charges ranging from traffic violations to grant theft and uttering forged bills .