If all your hashtags , retweets and favourites seem overwhelming , Twitter has a solution . The site has today rolled out a new feature dubbed ` Highlights ' , aimed at helping users sift through the large number of tweets on their feed each day . The service provides a twice-daily summary ` of the best tweets for you , delivered via rich push notification , ' Twitter 's Gordon Luk said in a blog post . Twitter has rolled out a new feature aimed at helping users sift through the large number of tweets on their feed each day . Highlights is limited to English-language readers with the Twitter app installed on an Android device . To enable the feature on your account , launch the official Twitter app and bring up the three-dot icon in the top-right corner of your screen . Select Settings from the drop-down , and then press on your account name . Tap on Mobile Notifications . Scroll down until you find the new option titled Highlights and press on it . The check box should display a check mark , marking the feature as active . Twitter users who opt into the service on their Android device will see a new Highlights section in a push notification . A push notification leads to an area where users can browse popular tweets from people they know , as well as trending stories . ` We want to help you get the most out of Twitter , no matter how much time you spend with it , ' said Luk . ` While your home timeline is a great place to browse through and engage with tweets , we know it can be challenging to find the time to get through everything . ' To enable the feature on your account , launch the official Twitter app on Android and bring up the three-dot icon in the top-right corner of your screen . Select Settings from the drop-down , and then press on your account name . Tap on Mobile Notifications . Scroll down until you find the new option titled Highlights and press on it . The move is the latest by Twitter to boost engagement for its members amid growth which is slower than some rival social networks . ` We look at things like the accounts and conversations that are popular among people you follow , tweets from people you 're closely tied to , topics and events that are trending in your area or within your network , and people that are popular or trending among people you follow , ' Luk said . Highlights is being rolled out first in English for people using Android-powered devices , which can be activated in user settings . ` We 're refining the experience on Android first and will consider bringing Highlights to other platforms in the future , ' Luk added . Earlier this week , Twitter announced that abusive accounts will now be temporarily locked until a phone number or similar is added . The move is the latest by Twitter to boost engagement for its users amid growth which is slower than expected . An algorithm will also automatically remove abuse before you even see it . Twitter already asks users who violate its abuse guidelines to delete content , and can suspend accounts permanently if they do n't . But under the new changes , Twitter has added a middle-ground . Its new enforcement option lets the support team temporarily lock abusive accounts for a set period of time , up to 12 hours . In its last quarterly update , Twitter said the number of active monthly users of the San Francisco-based one-to-many messaging service monthly grew to 288 million . This is just four million more than in the previous quarter . Twitter reports its results for the first quarter next week . Twitter 's chief executive Dick Costolo recently said his site ` sucks at dealing with abuse and trolls ' . In a memo , Mr Costolo said he is embarrassed by the way the company handles abuse and that it must take stronger action . In December , a blog post titled ` Building a safer Twitter ' revealed Twitter is working on ways to make it easier to block and report abuse . For months Twitter has been rolling out features designed to rid the site of the scourge of trolls . The site has since improved the reporting process to make it more mobile-friendly , auto-populated fields , and it now requires less initial information . It has also improved the ways in which abuse can be reported to law enforcement . Last month , the site took aim at the rising levels of revenge porn and stolen nude photos posted to the social network . Its rules now say that users must not ` post intimate photos or videos that were taken or distributed without the subject 's consent ' . Twitter said an affected user can report a post if they believe it contains photos or videos posted without their consent . From today , Twitter users can now report indirect threats , offending accounts will be temporarily locked until a phone number or similar is added , and an algorithm will automatically remove abuse before you even see it . Twitter already asks users who violate its abuse guidelines to delete content , and can suspend accounts permanently if they do n't . But under the new changes , Twitter 's new enforcement option lets the support team temporarily lock abusive accounts for a set period of time , up to 12 hours . Elsewhere , Twitter has begun testing a product feature to help identify suspected abusive tweets and limit their reach by automatically removing them from a person 's notifications . It has also updated its violent threats policy to include indirect tweets , or the ` threats of violence against others or promoting violence against others . '