When the Queen , then aged 86 , was filmed ` jumping out of a plane ' during the opening ceremony of the London 2012 Olympics , no one was more surprised than her grandson , Prince William . Describing her as an ` unbelievably good sport ' , he added : ` Harry got a sniff of a rumour on the night and the rumour mill was going into overdrive . ` But , in fact , she did such a good performance that she 's been asked to star in the next Bond film . I 'm thrilled for her . ' Scroll down for video . Birthday : The Queen , pictured at Newbury Racecourse on Saturday , is celebrating her 89th birthday today . While the Queen 's cameo role as a Bond girl came as a surprise to her grandsons , her still-sharp sense of fun did not and , as she turns 89 , it 's one that shows no sign of diminishing . Just last week , she was spotted looking animated and crossing her fingers at the Newbury Races while cheering on her filly , Ring of Truth . Although the two-year-old bay only managed second place , the Queen , who still goes to the races whenever she can , clearly enjoyed herself . Her Majesty is also a regular rider and is frequently spotted riding out in Windsor Great Park on her black Fell pony Carltonlima Emma - despite , as she turns 89 , reaching an age where most other riders have hung up their hats for good . Sense of humour : The Queen proved her sense of humour remains undiminished with her James Bond spoof . Active : The Queen still rides regularly and is pictured out in Windsor Great Park last week . Long-standing love : The Queen , pictured in 1968 and 1972 , has long adored all things equestrian . But the Queen is an expert when it comes to defying her advancing years and , along with maintaining a schedule that would leave people a third of her age exhausted , continues to enjoy herself much as she always has . Although recent years have seen her cut down on the amount of time she spends in the saddle - the result of a niggling knee injury that also forced her to give up presiding over Trooping the Colour on horseback - the Queen remains an enthusiastic equestrienne and , according to sources , is a familiar sight at her Windsor stables . She is said to take a keen interest in all her horses and ponies , some of whom are now ridden by her grandchildren , notably Prince Edward 's children , Lady Louise and James , Viscount Severn . Her Majesty also puts in regular appearances at the Windsor Horse Show and is frequently seen watching the action during the Cartier Polo Cup - a tournament that takes place at the Guards ' Polo Club in Windsor . Although , unlike her grandsons William and Harry , the Queen has never played polo herself , she has long been a fan of the sport . Showing her nerves : The Queen grimaces while watching her filly Ring of Truth last week . Shared love : The Duke of Edinburgh also shares her love of racing and polo . Popular : While the Queen can not ride as much as she 'd like , she still has a heavy work schedule . But while her advancing age has curtailed the Queen 's ability to ride , she still partakes in many of the habits picked up as a young woman , among them a penchant for a pre-lunch gin and Dubonnet . Like her mother , who lived to be 102 , Her Majesty is also said to be fond of a pre-dinner gin and tonic but turns down fancy fare in favour of plainer dishes . According to former royal chef Darren Brady , a typical lunch for Her Majesty is grilled Dover Sole served with wilted greens - that followed by an afternoon tea with ` at least two kinds of sandwiches ' at four . For supper , the Queen has more fish or game such as pheasant sent to Windsor from her estate at Sandringham or Balmoral . Perhaps this hearty but plain fare explains her continuing good health and her ability to manage what remains a heavy workload . Meetings : She meets the British PM once a week and ` regularly speaks ' to those elsewhere . Role : The Queen performing her role as Queen of Australia with a visit to an Aboriginal culture show in 2002 . State opening : The Queen , here as Queen of New Zealand , opening Parliament in Wellington in 1977 . Patriotic : The Queen , here of Great Britain and Northern Ireland , meeting children in Hampshire . Her Majesty spends most afternoons welcoming incoming ambassadors to Buckingham Palace , presiding over investitures or , as she did last week , taking part in visits on behalf of one of the 16 countries of which she is head of state . She also has a weekly audience with the UK prime minister , currently David Cameron , and ` speaks regularly ' to the prime ministers of the 15 other countries where she is head of state , among them Australia 's Tony Abbott and Canada 's Stephen Harper . Under the Queen , the monarchy has also modernised and embraces the latest technology , including social media . The Queen is currently the world 's most followed royal , with her account , @BritishMonarchy , followed by 970,000 people . Her first post , an anodyne comment about the opening of an exhibition at the Science Museum , went viral - as did her first photo-bomb . The moment , which came during last summer 's Commonwealth Games , saw Her Majesty appear in the background of a selfie being taken by Hockeyroos player , Jayde Taylor , 30 . Her Majesty also made her first , if unscheduled , appearance in a selfie in June when 14-year-old Jack Surgenor darted in for a cheeky snap during a walkabout in Belfast 's St. George 's Market . Photo-bomb ! This snap of the Queen by Australian hockey player Jayde Taylor rapidly went viral . First selfie : 14-year-old Jack Surgenor snaps a cheeky selfie with the Queen during a visit in Belfast . First Tweet : The Queen sends her first official Twitter message during a visit to the Science Museum . Beyond selfies and social media , the Queen continues to make waves in the sartorial world with her trademark shift dresses and colourful coats , all of which are regularly referenced by the world 's top designers . Even her Launer London handbags are enjoying renewed popularity , with the brand regularly selling out colourful special edition versions of her favourite £ 1,075 Traviata style . At home , her family are enjoying a period of relative peace and , as she celebrates her 89th birthday , the Queen is about to become a great-grandmother for the fifth time . But for Her Majesty , who is spending today privately with her family at Windsor Castle , the imminent arrival is just one of a number of reasons to be pleased . Still riding , still enjoying the races and still unafraid to surprise family and the public alike , the Queen , nearly ninety , surely is the world 's coolest great-grandmother . Happy family : Her Majesty is about to become a great-grandmother for the fifth time . Royal family : The Queen pictured with her family and the Middletons at Prince George 's christening in 2013 .