Millions of Britons could lose credit card perks such as cash bonuses and air miles because of EU legislation . Capital One yesterday became the first provider to scrap its cashback offer for new customers because of restrictions that will squeeze profits . The company has also warned existing customers that the loyalty points they earn will be much lower from June 1 . Financial experts believe other firms are likely to follow suit . Capital One yesterday became the first provider to scrap its cashback offer for new customers after the announcement of an EU cap limiting the fees retailers can be charged for processing payments -LRB- file photo -RRB- . The company scrapped the deal after the announcement last month of an EU cap -- due to be introduced in October -- limiting the fees retailers can be charged for processing payments . Capital One said it made perks ` no longer sustainable ' . Kevin Mountford , of price comparison website MoneySupermarket , told the Daily Telegraph : ` This is a classic case of regulators , in this case European , trying to act with the consumer in mind , only for the policy to come back to bite the very people it was supposed to help . ` Its new rules wo n't just hit cashback cards , all loyalty programmes are at risk because something will have to give when card companies are squeezed . ' Last month , the European Parliament voted in favour of a cap at 0.2 per cent of the transaction value for debit cards and 0.3 per cent for credit cards . The cap will apply to all purchases paid for with a card in the EU -- either abroad or on the internet . Several credit card companies -- including American Express , Barclaycard , and Santander -- have millions of customers who earn hundreds of pounds or free flights if they clear their debts every month . Capital One , which pays card-holders 5p for every £ 1 cleared , has written to customers warning that the amount they earn will be much lower from June 1 . Last month , the European Parliament voted in favour of a cap at 0.2 per cent of the transaction value for debit cards and 0.3 per cent for credit cards -LRB- file photo -RRB- . It said that fees paid by merchants such as shops and restaurants to accept cards are being reduced , and it was these fees which had funded their cashback . It said it would not be increasing fees or charges as a result of the changes . Rachel Springall , of financial information website Moneyfacts , said : ` The changes from Capital One could be the starting point for a change to reward schemes because of the new ruling on interchange fees . ` Instead of adding on card fees , providers will be looking at other ways to re-coup their costs and one of the ways to do this is to withdraw reward schemes or interest-free offers . All it takes is for one provider to start the ball rolling before others do the same . '