Scientists hoping to see 13 billion light years away , giving them a look into the early years of the universe , are facing opposition from Native Hawaiian groups looking to preserve their past . Demonstrators including Game of Thrones actor Jason Momoa demanded the state and University of Hawaii stop construction of a new $ 1.4 billion telescope on sacred land . Dozens of protesters were arrested on Thursday at the Mauna Kea site , a mountain burial ground said to be visited by the snow goddess Poli'Ahu and a Native Hawaiian leader has called for a 30-day moratorium on construction . Thirty-one people were arrested during protests blocking access to the construction site for the $ 1.4 billion Thirty Meter Telescope on Mauna Kea in Hawaii . Protesters say that the mountaintop , where scientists are building the facility to see 13billlion years into the past , is on top of sacred burial ground land . The Thirty Meter Telescope will be one of the largest space observation facilities in the world when its scheduled construction is completed -LRB- artist 's rendering -RRB- . Peter Apo , a trustee for the Office of Hawaiian Affairs , said he 's asking Governor David Ige and University of Hawaii President David Lassner to bring people together to work out a long-term solution . ` Hawaiians absolutely believe in science . How that plays out on this mountain is going to be a matter of getting the right set of people in the room to negotiate some sort of compromise that everyone can live with , ' Apo said . However , he stated that stopping construction of the 18-story facility is key before progress is made . ` You ca n't even get to the discussion point until they stop construction , ' he said . Apo said the state should revisit how it manages the summit , which belonged to the Hawaiian monarchy until the US-backed overthrow of the island kingdom in 1893 . The state holds former kingdom lands in trust for the Hawaiian people , who see the site as sacred . ` It is the burial grounds of some of our most sacred and revered ancestors , ' said Kealoha Pisciotta , a project opponent . ` It is a place where we go for sanctuary and release from the world around us , and it is also the home of our god . ' The governor 's chief of staff , Mike McCartney , said his office is involved in discussions about the controversy but must decline comment to allow productive conversations to continue . University spokesman Dan Meisenzahl said the school welcomes all calls for more dialogue and is actively meeting and addressing the issue at the highest levels . Game of Thrones actor Jason Momoa , who is native Hawaiian , attended protests and posted pictures of himself thrusting his staff in the direction of current Mauna Kea telescopes . The future Aquaman star said that no more dynamite should be used on top of the mountain , which is sacred to Kanaka Maoli . The dispute has pitted Native Hawaiians , who believe the telescope site is sacred because it is where their creation story begins , against scientists , who believe it 's an ideal location for one of the world 's largest telescopes . The land is in a remote and sheltered position , nestled in the crater of a dormant volcano . About 300 protesters gathered at the mountain Thursday , and police and state law enforcement arrested 20 people who tried to block a road leading to the summit of Mauna Kea on Hawaii 's Big Island . Eleven more were arrested atop the peak of the dormant volcano , the highest point in the state , for alleged trespassing . Visitors to the protests have included Game of Thrones actor and native Hawaiian Jason Momoa , who said that the demonstrators were ` protectors not protesters ' . The future Aquaman star , who is Kanaka Maoli , posted pictures on his Instagram thrusting a staff into the air in the direction of current Mauna Kea telescopes . He said no more dynamite should be used at the mountaintop . Poli'Ahu , the native Hawaiian snow goddess of Mauna Kea , is said to often descend to the mountain 's summit . The mountain , which already holds 13 telescope facilities , is also the burial ground for previous generations of native Hawaiians . Numbers are expected to swell ahead of an upcoming cultural festival in nearby Hilo , according to Hawaii News Now . The demonstrations have now drawn in Native Hawaiian leaders from other islands . Project opponents question whether land appraisals were done correctly and whether Native Hawaiian groups were consulted , so they have tried to prevent construction of the Thirty Meter Telescope . Project leaders say they regret the arrests but safe access to the site needs to be preserved . While the Native Hawaiian groups do not oppose the telescope itself , they disagree with constructing it on Mauna Kea . All of the highest points in the islands are considered the home of deities , Pisciotta said . The snow goddess Poli'ahu is said to often descend on the mountain top , according to the University of Hawaii Institute for Astronomy . The mountain also hosts her sister goddesses Lilinoe , Waiau , and Kahoupokane , who are sometimes compared to Christian and Muslim angels . Scientists hope that building the Thirty Meter Telescope will allow them to answer fundamental questions about the universe . The project includes a thirty meter segmented mirror and scientists say it will drastically increase the ability of scientists to see images from light years away and detect Earth-like planets . Researchers , who have already built 13 telescopes atop Mauna Kea , picked the site for their new project because of its remoteness and ideal observation conditions . Protests against the alleged incursion onto sacred land also disrupted a groundbreaking ceremony last year . Construction was delayed early last month because of blizzard conditions at the top of the sometimes snowy mountain . Gary Sanders , the Thirty Meter Telescope project manager , said Friday his organization appreciates the support it 's received from the Office of Hawaiian Affairs , including in 2009 when the agency endorsed the selection of Mauna Kea as the site for the observatory . Sanders said the telescope has been communicating with the governor 's office and the university president . He stressed the telescope has been discussing the project with the public since 2008 , when it filed a notice for an environmental impact statement . There are currently still lawsuits pending against the construction challenging its land use claims . The university leases the land at Mauna Kea from the state and then subleases it to the Thirty Meter Telescope project . A partnership of Canadian and US universities plans to build the observatory along with institutions in China , India and Japan . There are currently 13 telescopes at the summit , including some of the world 's most advanced . The first was built in the late 1960s . Protesters apprehended Thursday paid $ 250 in bail and were released . Office of Hawaiian Affairs trustee Peter said that the demonstrators are sometimes viewed with ` intellectual snobbery ' -LRB- File photo , March 30 -RRB- . Apo -LRB- right -RRB- has asked the governor and the University of Hawaii to bring both sides of the conflict together during a moratorium . Apo said that Hawaii leases the land for $ 1 a year and the university gives it to the observatory for $ 1 a year . However , the trustee said that the observatories generate millions of dollars in revenue by selling viewing time and that ` monetary value of Mauna Kea viewing time is astronomical ' . He said Native Hawaiians have a profound interest in science but that they are ` viewed through a lens of intellectual snobbery , ' he wrote in Honolulu Civil Beat . Scientists , who picked the site because of its remoteness and ideal observation conditions , hope that building the bigger telescope will allow them to answer fundamental questions about the universe . It will feature a segmented mirror thirty meters in diameter and researchers say it will be able to detect Earth-like planets close to other stars as well as revealing more information about dark matter . The Hubble Space Telescope has a two and a half meter mirror . The people arrested Thursday were trying to block trucks heading to the peak . Work got underway after the protesters were arrested and the path to the summit was cleared . Police said they warned protesters who formed a roadblock Monday that anyone who obstructed the street would be arrested . Those apprehended Thursday were released after each posting bail of $ 250 . The observatory is expected to be operational by 2024 , the same year a 39-meter telescope is expected to be completed in Chile .