Judge Nigel Cadbury , who prompted outrage by suggesting murdered student nurse Karen Buckley had put herself in danger by drinking on a night out . A judge has suggested that a student who was murdered after a night out with friends had ` put herself in a vulnerable position ' . The controversial comments came after Karen Buckley 's remains were found dumped in a field . District Judge Nigel Cadbury mentioned the 24-year-old during a separate court hearing to issue a warning about women drinking too much alcohol . Friends of Miss Buckley , who was studying occupational therapy at Glasgow Caledonian University , have said she had only a few drinks before leaving a club . CCTV shows her walking from the Sanctuary nightclub . From there , she went to a man 's flat in Kelvinside , Glasgow . After a four-day hunt , her body was found at a farm on April 16 . Speaking at Worcester magistrates ' court the following day , Mr Cadbury implied Miss Buckley had been drinking heavily on the night of her death . Scroll down for video . Referencing Karen Buckley , Judge Cadbury said : ` It 's very , very worrying how young girls put themselves in such very , very vulnerable positions ' - prompting anger from domestic abuse and rape charities . University student Karen Buckley , 24 , went missing on a night out in Glasgow . Judge Cadbury implied she had been drinking heavily on the night of her death , but her friends say she only had a few drinks . Sentencing Leanne Roberts , 21 , who had assaulted someone outside a bar , he said : ` I find it incredible that young people can get so drunk that they do n't even know who they 're with . ` One only has to think about the horrible situation in Glasgow to see how serious this could have been . ` It 's very , very worrying how young girls put themselves in such very , very vulnerable positions . ' Last night , campaigners branded his comments ` insensitive ' . Katie Russell , of the charity Rape Crisis , said : ` It was wholly inappropriate , irrelevant and insensitive to make reference to the murder of Karen Buckley in this context and the timing of these comments was particularly distasteful . ` Of course it 's not unreasonable to advise young people , or indeed people of any age , not to drink alcohol to excess ... But for a senior figure within the legal system to talk so specifically about young girls `` making themselves vulnerable '' in relation to gender-based violence ... with specific reference to a recent murder , is unhelpful . ' She added : ` This reinforces the false notion that it is ultimately victims and potential victims who have the power and responsibility to prevent violence against women and girls . ` In fact , only the perpetrators , who are mostly men , are to blame for violence against women and girls ... and only they ultimately have the power to end it . ' Miss Buckley 's body was found on a farm north of Glasgow . Women 's rights campaigners have said Judge Cadbury 's comments as ` unhelpful ' and making it seems like ` sexual violence is in some way inevitable ' Sarah Green , of campaign group End Violence Against Women , said : ` District Judge Nigel Cadbury seems to be perpetuating the idea that young women drinking alcohol put themselves at risk of attack . ` Even if it is not meant , this implies sexual violence is in some way inevitable and it is women 's responsibility to avoid it . It makes the perpetrators of these crimes all but invisible . ' She added that focus should be shifted ` to the men who choose to commit these crimes -- because violence against women is not inevitable . We must start asking who commits rape and why ... and what can we do to deter it . ' During the sentencing , the court heard Roberts , of Ombersley , Worcestershire , had punched a woman outside a bar . She was given a six-month community order and a six-week curfew . Mr Cadbury said : ` There is a drinking problem because she -LSB- Roberts -RSB- ca n't remember what she did ... I am sure you are now aware of how vulnerable you made yourself . ' Alexander Pacteau , 21 , has appeared in court charged with the murder of Miss Buckley and attempting to defeat the ends of justice . It is not the first time Judge Cadbury , who lives in a £ 600,000 farm cottage in rural Worcestershire , has made controversial comments in court . He previously refused to sentence a thief who siphoned off oil from a small village hall because he feared he might ` overreact ' . He said : ` My wife is on a small village hall committee . I feel very strongly about this sort of behaviour . ` I feel I would overreact and consider that he should undoubtedly go to prison for this . It would be wrong for me to sentence him . I may be seen to be biased . ' The case was eventually transferred to another bench for sentencing . Judge Cadbury is a descendant of Cadbury 's founder , John Cadbury , the businessman who set up the famous chocolate firm in the early 19th Century . He is believed to have a daughter and two sons . In 2011 , was appointed a trustee of the Bournville Village Trust , which helps manage the model village set up by the Cadbury family for its workers . He has also worked as a trustee of the Edward Cadbury Charitable Trust , which funds music , education and training in the Midlands . Miss Buckley disappeared from the Sanctuary nightclub , Glasgow . A man has been charged with her murder . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .