Thailand 's Kiradech Aphibarnrat produced a brilliant finish to claim his second European Tour title and break Chinese hearts in the inaugural Shenzhen International on Sunday . Teenager Li Hao-tong looked to have done enough to secure a hugely popular victory on home soil , the 19-year-old emerging from a crowded leaderboard to card a closing 67 to finish 12 under par . That left overnight leader Aphibarnrat two shots behind with two holes to play , only for the 25-year-old to hole from 18 feet for an eagle on the 17th and then miss from 12 feet for what would have been a winning birdie on the last . Kiradech Aphibarnrat poses with the trophy having won his second European Tour title in Shenzhen . The players returned to the 18th for the play-off and Aphibarnrat completed victory in style , hitting his approach to virtually the same place as he had in regulation and this time holing the birdie putt after Li had missed from long range . ` I have been struggling for a year , ' said Aphibarnrat , whose previous win came in the Malaysian Open in 2013 . ` I lost my coach -LRB- Natpasit Chokthanasart , who died in December 2013 -RRB- , I changed my equipment and have n't been on the top of the leaderboard for a while but finally I can do it and it was great . ` I had a chance to win in 72 holes but the putt in the play-off is the best putt I have ever made in my life . ' Aphibarnrat ca n't hold back his emotions , celebrating on the 18th green with his Mother . Aphibarnrat had been six shots clear of the field after 16 holes of the third round , but finished double-bogey , bogey to take a two-shot advantage into the final day . That was wiped out by a fast start from Spain 's Pablo Larrazabal , who carded four birdies and one bogey in his first six holes , with Aphibarnrat also dropping shots on the fifth and seventh . Birdies on the ninth and 10th took Aphibarnrat back into the lead as Larrazabal fell away , but bogeys on the 12th and 15th opened the door for Li to take over at the top thanks to birdies on the 11th , 13th and 14th . The 25-year-old was evidently emotional -LRB- left -RRB- , and congratulated by Chinese teenager Li Hao-tong -LRB- right -RRB- . Another birdie on the 17th made Li odds-on favourite to become the first Chinese winner of a European Tour event on home soil , but the 19-year-old could only watch on television as Aphibarnrat conjured up a brilliant finish . ` It 's been such a tough day today , ' Aphibarnrat added . ` I did n't start well like the other days with three or four birdies , I was one over on the front nine and Pablo was playing great to start . He put a lot of pressure on me . ` I tried to play more safe than the first three rounds because the wind was picking up and it was not easy to make birdies . I just tried to hit it on the greens but I was struggling with my putting , everything was too tight and I felt nervous on the front nine . ` Special thanks to my caddie , he was always pushing me . When we were two behind on the last two holes he said you have not lost , we have not signed the scorecard yet and he was completely right and I just got the job done . ' England 's Tommy Fleetwood finished a shot outside the play-off after missing from long range for birdie on the 18th in a third consecutive 69 , with seven players tied for fourth on 10 under . Aphibarnrat celebrates his second European Tour title having prevailed on a play-off hole on Sunday . Overnight leader Aphibarnrat poses with his trophy having won the inaugural Shenzhen international .