Manchester United have begun the search for Michael Carrick 's long-term replacement , with Ilkay Gundogan a prime contender to fill the role . Manager Louis van Gaal has been hugely impressed with Carrick 's contribution at Old Trafford this season . The England international 's passing range and ability to dictate the pace of a match has been a key feature for United . Michael Carrick -LRB- left -RRB- has been instrumental in Manchester United 's recent run of good form . United boss Louis van Gaal has been impressed with Carrick 's contribution to the team . Van Gaal has identified Borussia Dortmund 's Ilkay Gundogan as a long-term successor to Carrick . MICHAEL CARRICK . Age : 33 . Height : 6ft 2in . Manchester United appearances : 379 . England caps : 33 . Honours : Champions League -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , Premier League -LRB- 2007 , 2008 , 2009 , 2011 , 2013 -RRB- , League Cup -LRB- 2010 -RRB- , Club World Cup -LRB- 2008 -RRB- . ILKAY GUNDOGAN . Age : 24 . Height : 5ft 9in . Borussia Dortmund appearances : 86 . Germany caps : 9 . Honours : Bundesliga -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , German Cup -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , German Supercup -LRB- 2013 -RRB- . But at the age of 33 , the Dutchman knows the midfielder is in the twilight of his career , while the amount of time Carrick has been injured this season is also a worry . United will seek to sign Carrick 's successor this summer as part of another huge spending frenzy . Dortmund 's ball-playing midfielder Gundogan has been watched extensively by United . Van Gaal has an intrinsic knowledge of the Bundesliga and believes the 24-year-old has the ability to take over from Carrick on a long-term basis . Carrick , who recently signed a new 12-month extension , will continue to be part of Van Gaal 's plans next season - but the club are planning for life without him . The impending departure of manager Jurgen Klopp could see the excellent Dortmund squad unravel this summer . Gundogan -LRB- right -RRB- has been watched extensively by United , who could make a move in the summer . Dortmund could listen to offers to avoid losing Gundogan on a free transfer in 2016 . Jurgen Klopp 's impending departure from Dortmund could see a host of players leave the club . Gundogan 's existing contract expires at the end of next season and he is yet to sign a new deal . Dortmund are keen to tie the Germany international to an extension , but will listen to offers for him in the summer to avoid losing him for nothing in 2016 if he continues to stall on fresh terms .