Queensland amusement park Dreamworld is being sued for $ 290,000 by a former casual employee , who claims she suffers from an permanent disability caused by checking harnesses on the Tower of Terror thrill ride . Zoe Dennise Prince , 28 , was working at the Gold Coast amusement park until September last year , according to Gold Coast Bulletin . However she was allegedly injured on May 20 , 2013 when she allegedly she experienced pain her right wrist whilst checking harnesses on the ride . Ms Prince has claimed that she suffered her injury as the company Ardent Leisure was negligent and set poor working conditions . Amusement park Dreamworld is being sued for $ 290,000 by a former casual employee , who claims she suffers from an permanent disability caused by checking harnesses on the Tower of Terror thrill ride . In the claim , lodged in the Southport District Court , Ms Prince states that she now suffers from a permanent disability and subsequently a diminished earning capacity . She was given ` repetitive work duties ' which she needed to complete within a short amount of time and without sufficient breaks . She alleges she was required to inspect around 1500 harnesses every day , which required pulling each of them up quickly before the ride to ensure they were locked . Ms Prince has already undergone two operations and she has developed intersection syndrome and De Quervain 's tenosynovitis in her right wrist . Dreamworld staff was reportedly instructed to complete the task quickly to ensure there was only a short interval period between each ride . They were not given a co-worker to lessen the workload . Ms Prince has already undergone two operations and she has developed intersection syndrome and De Quervain 's tenosynovitis in her right wrist , according to her personal injury claim against the company , Ardent Leisure . Ms Prince is claiming $ 23,050 in general damages and $ 193,375 for her predicted loss of income in the future . However , she is suing for up to $ 292,000 . She alleges she was required to inspect around 1500 harnesses every day and was n't given sufficient breaks .