Jeremy Scott 's spring/summer 2015 collection for Moschino caused an Insta-stampede , nearly breaking the internet when he sent human Barbie dolls down the catwalk . The creative head , who is famed for making kitsch cool , sent his models down the runway in Milan in Barbie doll inspired dresses to the sound of Aqua 's iconic 90s hit , I 'm A Barbie Girl . As the ultimate dictator of trends , it seems that we may all be wearing bright pink leathers and super girly dresses this season . But does the look work in real life ? And will you garner attention for the right reasons ? Weighed down by eyelashes , Olivia Phillips , 30 , a journalist at Emirates Woman , decided to find out by taking to the streets of Dubai dressed like the iconic doll . Here 's how she got on ... Scroll down for video . If Moschino 's latest collection is anything to go by , Barbie will be our style icon this season . Weighed down by eyelashes , Olivia Phillips took to the streets -LRB- and supermarkets -RRB- of Dubai dressed as the iconic doll . I 'm like a vampire Barbie ; I only come out at night . Daylight hours , on the other hand , are a very different story , with me championing a pretty consistent , low-fi uniform of skinny jeans , biker jackets and a scruffy bun . My nocturnal counterpart , however , stands in almost unrecognisable contrast ; her heels are high and her hair even higher . So although donning Jeremy Scott 's Barbie-inspired Moschino collection was n't as much of an almighty leap for me as it would be for , say , the rest of the world , it still required a certain amount of chutzpah to take it to the streets . Still , I located my audacity and got out there to see exactly how the looks would translate to real life . It only took one Google search to reveal exactly how popular Barbie still is - but a far more entertaining barometer was watching the office 's reaction when a giant box from Moschino arrived at my desk . With the same fervour usually reserved for a Magnolia delivery , I was suddenly surrounded by a cluster of excited , giggling women on the edge . Olivia explained that literally everyone smiled at her . Doors opened for her , small animals and children stared , she got a hand with her shopping and a wink with her Starbucks . Olivia wore the spray-on leather skirt suit to do the weekly shop . Navigating the supermarket aisles , she admits she felt like a saucy Stepford Wife . Everyone had a story to share -- from the doll they had in the 1980s wearing the exact same dress , to the toy dreamhouse they used to play in with their sister . That powerful sense of nostalgia , and that unifying , almost categorical common ground , is something not many things could manage . Moschino seems to have achieved it to the next level , creating a collection overflowing with universal happy memories . Indeed , Jeremy Scott said of the collection : ` I approach everything with so much humour . ' And as gimmicky as some naysayers may have accused it of being , I now have first-hand experience of its mood-enhancing capabilities -- for me , and for literally everyone who had my very pink person cross their path . For a start , it turns previously mute colleagues into your new best friend in the office bathroom . People you have literally never laid eyes on before want to have a good old chinwag , all-pink leather acting as some kind of conversational lubricant . Everyone , and I mean everyone , smiles . Doors open . Small animals and children stare . You get a hand with your shopping and a wink with your Starbucks . And when you post a selfie onto Facebook you get 93 likes and 28 comments and it makes you feel a little bit important . At the end of the day , she changed into the piece de résistance ; a very short , very wide and very sequinned mini dress and made her way to meet a blissfully unaware friend . ` What in the name of Joan Collins are you wearing ? You look like a cake ! Do n't stand so close to me , ' he said . You also get people who you have n't heard from in three years sending you dubious private messages , but that 's a small price to pay for becoming a social media sensation for three and a half minutes . Such is the power of pink , people . Practicality , then , becomes almost superfluous . It might be a glorious 30-degree desert day , but I 'll be damned if I 'm not going to wear my spray-on leather skirt suit to do the weekly shop . Navigating the supermarket aisles , I felt like a saucy Stepford Wife . A cupcake tray ended up in my basket . And some oven gloves . It was weird . I did , on the other hand , get unwittingly , and worryingly , into character . I forgot a pair of my Louboutins in the toilets after changing outfits . Forgetful Barbie . I , when wearing an enormous puffball dress , tried to answer my office phone whilst standing and ricocheted off my desk . No Sense Of Spacial Awareness Barbie . And when being photographed having a meeting in Ladurée , I shoved a fake macaron in my mouth after being told in no uncertain terms that it was display only . Insanity Barbie . Walking through the streets , the looks were plentiful but surreptitious . Bar a few spectators who stopped to take pictures -LRB- thank-you for restoring my faith in shamelessness -- I was briefly convinced that everyone had been castrated by manners -RRB- , people would stare , but only when they thought I could n't see . Also : not one person sang Aqua 's Barbie Girl at me . NOT ONE . I mean , come on . Frankly , I was disappointed at the lack of clichés . ` It might be obvious , brash even - but it fits our current filtered , Insta-existence perfectly - there 's no denying the collection looks great in a picture , ' she said of the experience . It raised that age-old question of whether you dress for yourself or others , as however cheerful my ensemble made me , I still felt the small need for validation from others . It 's kind of the sartorial equivalent of if a tree falls in the forest and there 's no one around to hear it . If you 're outrageously attired and no one bats an eyelid , it kind of takes the fun out of it , no ? ` Habibti , this is Dubai , ' a straight-shooting friend told me after I had a little moan about it on the -LRB- vanity mirror -RRB- phone . ` OTT is expected , remember ? ' Satisfied with this , I changed into the piece de résistance ; a very short , very wide and very sequinned mini dress straight outta 1983 , and made my merry way to Art Dubai to meet a blissfully unaware friend . ` What in the name of Joan Collins are you wearing ? You look like a cake ! Do n't stand so close to me , ' he said . I 'm falling at the last hurdle so decide to rapidly explain myself . ` I 'm doing a road test ! ' I shout over the music . ` A protest ? What the hell are you protesting against ?! Rational clothing ? ' Well , two out of three workable outfits ai n't bad . I drag my mortified friend to Q43 and then back to change into my civvies which , I wo n't lie , now seem really sad in comparison . If Jeremy Scott has tapped into anything , it 's unadulterated whimsy . It might be obvious , brash even - but it fits our current filtered , Insta-existence perfectly - there 's no denying the collection looks great in a picture . A very wise person once told me life was too short to wear boring clothes . And as long as Scott 's around , there 's really not much danger of that . After completing the challenge , pictured , she changed back into her normal clothes , which she says felt ` sad in comparison '