John Carver has hit back at former Newcastle captain Michael Owen after he said they would lose every remaining match this season . The pundit has claimed his old club would be relegated if there were 10 games left to play instead of just five . The Magpies will set a new club record of seven straight Premier League defeats should they be beaten at home by Swansea . Newcastle manager John Carver is not happy with recent criticism aimed at his struggling side . Carver has been left with a sour taste in his mouth following Michael Owen 's recent relegation jibe . Michael Owen captained the Newcastle side which was relegated to the Championship in 2009 . Newcastle are seven points off the relegation zone . Owen has been joined by the likes of Phil Neville and Sportsmail 's Jamie Carragher in criticising both the team and the lack of ambition at the club , whose supporters will again protest against owner Mike Ashley . But Carver says he does not listen to those who have never tried management , including Owen , who was relegated with Newcastle in 2009 . ` I could be nasty about Michael because let 's not forget what happened when he was here , ' said Carver . ` But listen , I do n't have a problem with anyone having an opinion . Where I have the problem is with people who have never been in this situation - never been in my situation now . ` They have never had to sit here and pick a team when you have got so many injuries , suspensions , or dealing with situations on the training ground or something from left field that you think , `` Where 's that come from ? '' . ' He added : ` Let 's not start a war here because I accept that the likes of Michael Owen and Jamie Carragher have played hundreds of Premier League football matches and I have n't . I understand that . ` But sometimes there has to be a little bit of sympathy with the people doing this job . When you have never gone in and put your foot in the water and tested it , then it is a little different . ` There are a lot of people out there who do n't do it because they ca n't do it . ` It 's easy talking with a tactics board and dobbers , but all of a sudden in this position you have to make a decision because your back four is not high enough and someone is causing you problems because of it . If you do n't see that during a game then you have a problem . People do n't see that . ' Carver , though , does have time for the likes of Graeme Souness and Peter Reid , the former managers of Newcastle and Sunderland respectively . ` I never listened to Graeme when I was academy director here but what I will say is that he talks an awful lot of sense on the TV , ' said United 's head coach . ` And when I see someone like Peter Reid on TV , who has been in this situation and has managed in this region , he understands what it feels like . I respect what he says . ' Newcastle ace Siem de Jong will be included on the substitutes ' bench for his side 's match against Swansea . Meanwhile , Newcastle will include Siem de Jong on the bench for the first time since August . The £ 6million former Ajax skipper has suffered a torn thigh muscle and collapsed lung this season and has started just one Premier League game . But Carver said : ` You can see what a talent Siem is . I remember watching him play against Man City in the Champions League . He scored two at the Etihad and I thought , `` What a player he is '' . ` If I see anything like that then I will be delighted . He is a super lad and is a talented footballer . We just have to be patient with him . ' Newcastle United fans have planned a mass protest against owner Mike Ashley on Saturday afternoon . At least 10,000 supporters stayed away from St James ' Park for the club 's last home game against Spurs . Fans are unhappy at the club 's lack of ambition , despite owner Ashley having £ 34million in the bank .