A Brazilian model who shot to fame after winning the Miss BumBum contest in 2014 has sparked outrage by posting a snap of her naked body painted with an image of the Virgin Mary to her Instagram account , along with a special Easter prayer . Indianara Carvalho , 23 - who had hymen surgery last year to ` restore ' her virginity so she could enjoy her first time all over again with ` someone special ' - accompanied the racy photo with the phrase : ` Good Friday . Lord , on this day I ask for peace , love , wisdom and strength . ' The image , just one of a series of nude body-painted shots she shared over the Easter weekend , attracted more than 750 ` likes ' , as well as a tirade of disapproval from her followers over its sacrilegious nature . Scroll down for video . Sacrilegious ? Indianara Carvalho , 23 , accompanied the racy image -LRB- pictured -RRB- with the phrase , ` Good Friday . Lord , on this day I ask for peace , love , wisdom and strength ' ` Do n't mix God with your ridiculous shame and profanity , ' wrote one Instagram user , Eliane Paz Salinas , of the portraits , which were created by Brazilian artist Binho over a marathon ten-hour spray can session . Another , Cadmo Barrera Lerma , ranted : ` You have lost my total respect , at least one in your list of followers . ' Janvier Veliz Angulo concurred , stating : ` This proves that beauty is not everything ... you have lost me as one of your fans . ' Referring to Miss Carvalho 's accompanying prayer , another user fumed : ` I think that to ask for peace and love and protection there is no need to be naked !!!! Please respect things related to God ! ' Clutching a Rosary : The photo , just one of a series of nude body-painted shots she shared over the Easter weekend , attracted 750 ` likes ' , as well as a tirade of disapproval from her followers . Faith : Miss Carvalho , pictured in other poses from the same shoot , had hymen surgery last year to ` restore ' her virginity so she could enjoy her first time all over again with ` someone special ' Christianity is the dominant religion in Brazil , with Roman Catholics accounting for 64 per cent of the population and Protestants making up 22 per cent , according to the latest Census . Miss Carvalho 's lengthy prayer also stated : ` Father , protect my ears from all evils and watch my steps on the path to truth . ` May your blessings fill my spirit and my heart , which is so kind and cheerful ... Feel your sweet and gentle presence ... I am your grace . ' The buxom blonde triumphed in Brazil 's annual bottom beauty contest last year , which sees 27 women - one from each state - complete to prove their backside is best . Shortly afterwards , she underwent ` vaginal rejuvenation surgery ' which includes a hymenoplasty , in order to bring ` respect ' to her BumBum title , and to use her newly virginal status to find love . Christianity is the dominant religion in Brazil , with Roman Catholics accounting for 64 per cent of the population and Protestants making up 22 per cent , according to the latest Census . Miss Carvalho , pictured mid-workout , said last year that by re-becoming a virgin , she hopes to bring ` a bit of respect and new concept to the Miss BumBum title ' The procedure , which is not available in the UK , can be done by using surgical gel to create a new hymen that lasts a few days before dissolving , or more permanently by using a flap of skin cut from the vaginal wall . Women undergoing the latter treatment must abstain from sex for at least three months after undergoing the procedure . According to the New York Daily News , Miss Carvalho said : ` I wanted to undergo surgery to reconstruct my virginity before I have new photographs done . ` I would n't feel good about appearing naked if I was n't exactly as I came into the world if you know what I mean . ` I think I also want to give a bit of respect and new concept to the Miss BumBum title by being a virgin . ' Winning smile : Miss BumBum , which began four years ago and has several spin-offs , is an annual institution in its native Brazil , although not always without controversy . Bittersweet : The 2014 contest -LRB- pictured -RRB- was marred by scandal after it was alleged that Miss Carvalho had bribed the judges with over £ 70,000 in cash to make sure she won . Miss BumBum , which began four years ago and has several spin-offs , is an annual institution in its native Brazil , although not always without controversy . The 2014 contest was marred by scandal after it was alleged that Miss Carvalho had bribed the judges with over £ 70,000 in cash to make sure she won . Claudia Alende , better known as the Brazilian ` Megan Fox ' , won second place in the competition even though she was a clear favourite among the audience .