London Midland has vowed to give police CCTV images of a ` disgusting ' passenger suspected of defecating inside a train carriage as it travelled through the Birmingham area . The passenger who made the awful discovery said the smell was so bad that it forced the operator to cancel the service from Lichfield Trent Valley to Longbridge . It plunged commuters into hours of misery as the act of vandalism on the Cross City line caused severe delays . A passenger made the awful discovery on a train travelling between Lichfield Trent Valley and Longbridge . Passenger Christopher Talbot told the Birmingham Mail he was heading to work on the 7:50 am service on Thursday when he found excrement in a newspaper on the floor . He said : ` As I sat down I saw a newspaper on the floor . I leaned over and noticed there was something inside it . ` It looked like poo basically . The smell was going through the carriage . These trains have toilets on . ' The 52-year-old , who works as a cleaner at a school , said there was only one other passenger in the carriage , and he reported the incident to platform staff when he disembarked at Butlers Lane in Four Oaks . London Midland said that CCTV images of the culprit would be passed onto police for investigation . The service terminated at Birmingham New Street so that the carriage that was used as a toilet could be cleaned . Normal service resumed at about 9:30 am . A Network Rail spokeswoman confirmed to MailOnline Travel that excrement was discovered inside a carriage . A spokesman for London Midland said the ` act of vandalism ' was ` disgusting ' . The service terminated at Birmingham New Street so that the carriage could be cleaned . He added : ` It was necessary for the train to be cleaned before we could continue to let passengers onto the service . ` I would like to apologise to our genuine passengers who experienced the disruption . ' London Midland confirmed that CCTV images of the culprit , who fled the train , would be passed onto police for investigation . A British Transport Police spokeswoman told MailOnline Travel that it has no record of a formal complaint being filed . A similar incident occurred last month when a British Airways flight was forced to return to London after a foul odour emanated from an overflowing toilet . Passenger Abhishek Sachdev , a councillor who represents Potters Bar Parkfield , said the seven-hour flight to Dubai was aborted ` because of a smelly poo in the toilet ' .