Nigel Farage was booed by the audience of last night 's live television debate after complaining of a ` total lack of comprehension ' from those in attendance . The Ukip leader risked alienating those watching at Westminster 's Central Hall in London as he protested they were ` a remarkable audience even by the Left-wing standards of the BBC ' . His outburst came less than half an hour into the event after some of his comments about pressure on housing due to immigration were greeted with mutters from those watching . Scroll down for video . Booed : Ukip leader Nigel Farage risked alienating those watching at Westminster 's Central Hall in London as he protested they were ` a remarkable audience even by the Left-wing standards of the BBC ' Explanation : Mr Farage was heckled before David Dimbleby -LRB- pictured -RRB- , who was presenting the broadcast on BBC1 , intervened to say how the audience had been chosen . He said : ` There just seems to be a total lack of comprehension on this panel , and indeed amongst this audience , which is a remarkable audience even by the Left-wing standards of the BBC . ' Mr Farage was heckled by members of the audience before David Dimbleby , who was presenting the broadcast on BBC1 , intervened to say : ` Nigel , let me just say one thing . ` This is an audience that has been carefully chosen not by the BBC , but by an independent polling organisation to represent the balance between all parties . ' Labour leader Ed Miliband gave the Ukip leader the advice : ` It 's never a great idea to attack the audience , Nigel , in my opinion . ' But Mr Farage retorted : ` The real audience are sitting at home . ' Jeering : Mr Farage 's outburst came less than half an hour into the event after some of his comments about pressure on housing due to immigration were greeted with mutters from those watching . Left alone : Mr Farage -LRB- right -RRB- stands alone while the other four leaders go up to each other following the debate . Which political leader won the latest TV debate ? Which political leader won the latest TV debate ? Now share your opinion . Mr Farage said : ` A rapid rise in population due to open door immigration ... has directly contributed to the housing crisis . ` If you have net migration running at 300,000 a year , that 's 300,000 people who need somewhere to live . ' Miss Sturgeon won loud applause as she urged Mr Farage to ` put the bogeyman to one side ' . She told him : ` We have a housing crisis across this country . You know what , Nigel Farage ? It is n't caused by immigrants . In your world every problem is caused by immigrants . ' The BBC insisted the audience had been chosen by an independent polling organisation to reflect the supporters of all parties - not just those represented by their leaders last night . A spokesman for the corporation told MailOnline yesterday : ` ICM recruited an audience to give a cross section of political opinion . ' ICM , a public opinion research company founded in 1989 , was unavailable for comment last night . Ukip meanwhile was said to be pressing for an inquiry into how the audience was chosen . Asked after the debate about Mr Farage 's criticism of the audience , Ukip deputy leader Paul Nuttall said : ` I am not sure whether we will complain . All I will say is I did n't think the audience was representative of the views of British people . ` I think Nigel Farage would have done very well with people sitting at home . ' Mr Nuttall said he had spoken about things which had happened to him on Question Time , telling reporters : ` Who knows , may be some people are being disingenuous on their application forms . ' At the debate : -LRB- From left -RRB- Labour Party leader Ed Miiband , Plaid Cymru Party leader Leanne Wood , Green Party leader Natalie Bennett , Scottish National Party leader Nicola Sturgeon and Mr Farage . Unimpressed : Ukip voter Mike Cripps , 44 . A Ukip voter has insisted he is having second thoughts about backing the party after Nigel Farage attacked the studio audience . Security worker Mike Cripps , 44 , of Bromley , south-east London , believed the Ukip leader had ` done a couple of stupid things ' . The first was his comment on the audience and the second was raising his views on people with HIV visiting the UK for NHS treatment , Mr Cripps said . Asked if Mr Farage 's remarks had put him off supporting Ukip , Mr Cripps said : ` It did a bit , yeah . I do n't think he put himself across right . ` If we 're just talking about the debate tonight - it 's what we should be talking about , not what he 's done six years ago or two years ago or yesterday - for me , Nicola Sturgeon was the best . ` She was slick , she was well prepared , she had been well briefed , that 's my personal opinion . Ed Miliband - it was like he was reading off a script . ' Asked if adopting an attack on the audience was an easy get out clause for dismissing opposition to Ukip 's views , he added : ` Oh no . People at home agree with us and that 's what really matters - the millions of people at home watching this . ` We know , for example , on immigration , on the European Union they agree with where Ukip stands . What the audience in here really think is , I suppose , irrelevant . ' Tweeting during the debate , Lord Ashcroft said : ` A minority view once again . Nigel Farage having a go at the BBC audience may well appeal to the viewers whose vote he is targeting . ' And Sky News presenter Kay Burley tweeted : ` Farage having a pop at balance of audience . Dodgy ground there . Broadcasters jump through hoops to make sure studio is fair . ' Also speaking at the debate - three weeks before the General Election - were Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood , Green leader Natalie Bennett and Nicola Sturgeon from the Scottish National Party . Miss Sturgeon later mocked Mr Farage 's attempt to ` win friends and influence people ' . Five questions were asked by the audience during the BBC ` challengers ' debate , with each of the five leaders also making a short opening and closing statement . The first clash of the evening came between Mr Miliband and Mr Farage with the Labour leader saying that Ukip 's sums for clearing the deficit ` do n't add up ' . But Mr Farage said : ` Our sums do add up . You obviously have n't read the manifesto . ' As the end credits rolled following the BBC debate last night , four of the five party leaders shook hands with each other - but Mr Farage just drank from a glass of water from behind his stand . As Miss Bennett and Miss Wood walked away , Miss Sturgeon then went to shake Mr Farage 's hand - and Mr Miliband offered the Ukip leader a pat on the back . Then , all of the leaders went to the audience to shake their hands - with the exception , again , of Mr Farage . He shook hands with Mr Dimbleby before leaving without going up to the audience . Left alone : As the end credits rolled following the BBC debate last night , four of the five party leaders shook hands with each other - but Mr Farage -LRB- right -RRB- just drank from a glass of water from behind his stand . All of the leaders went to the audience to shake their hands - with the exception , again , of Mr Farage . He shook hands with Mr Dimbleby before leaving -LRB- circled in red -RRB- without going up to the audience .