A British woman told today of her horror at finding her two best friends shot dead on a sofa at a villa in Spain . Peter Tarsey and his wife , Jean , both 77 , were found covered in a green raincoat , each killed with a single bullet in a double murder of ` terrible cruelty ' . The friend , Ann , said she had gone to the house on Sunday afternoon with another friend because she was concerned at not being able to reach the couple on the phone . The expat , who had been friends with the couple for 25 years , said : ` I knew something was wrong as soon as we got there . What we found was like something out of your worst nightmare . Murdered : Peter Tarsey and his wife Jean , both 77 , were killed with a single bullet each while locked in each other 's arms under a raincoat on their sofa in their detached country home in Xalo , near Benidorm . Grim : Police were alerted on Sunday at 4.15 pm when friends went round to the house for their regular Sunday dinner . They found the door open and the couple dead in each other 's arms on the sofa in the front room . ` I 'm still in a state of shock . Both the couple 's cars were there , so we knew they must be in the house . ` We climbed over the fence and found the kitchen door open . I knew as we entered the house something was terribly wrong . ` We saw them on the sofa covered in a green raincoat that Jean had recently bought . ` They were covered up but their legs were visible at the bottom of the coat . ` We knew it must be them but Eduardo wanted to make sure , so he pulled the coat back just to check . ` They were in each other 's arms like he was protecting her . I really do n't want to think about it as it 's so upsetting . ' A murder investigation has been launched after Jean -LRB- pictured -RRB- and Peter Tarsey , both 77 , were found shot dead inside their villa in Spain on Sunday . While police say they are not ruling any lines of inquiry out , they believe the couple were murdered . Ann , who asked for her surname not to be published , said she ` ca n't imagine ' who would want to kill them , adding : ` They were such a lovely , friendly couple who would do no harm to anyone . ' She said : ` I really hope the police catch whoever was responsible and throw away the key . ` It did n't look like a robbery as the house looked normal . There were none of the disturbances you would associate with a robbery . ' Ann and her friend , Eduardo Juan , found the couple at around 4 pm on Sunday at the couple 's house in Xalo , near Benidorm on the Costa Blanca . Their dog Domino was inside barking when they arrived . The four friends went out for lunch every Sunday and Ann became concerned when she could not raise them on the phone . Mr Tarsey always went by his middle name of David . The couple , pictured together the day before they married in February 1960 . A 15-year-old Mr Tarsey practises his diving at a pool in London , four years before competing at the Olympics . She added : ` David was an Olympic diver and Jean was a swimmer . They met when they were 13 at a diving club in England and were childhood sweethearts . ` Who could do such a thing to a defenseless elderly couple ? As far as I know they had no enemies and were not overly concerned about burglaries . ` There have been some robberies not far from Xalo in recent years and they have been getting more violent , but this is just terrible . I ca n't imagine anything worse . ` Their sons Alexei and Sascha are absolutely devastated . ' Eduardo told a local Spanish newspaper of the moment he lifted the raincoat up . He told Las Provincias : ` From the shock I got , my legs are still trembling . ` The bodies were covered with a raincoat but the legs were sticking out . ` He was hugging her , on top of her , as if he were protecting her , because my impression is that they had an extremely cruel death . ` He was such a good person , I 'm sure if they had asked for money or something very valuable , David would have given it so they did n't hurt his wife . ' The killer or killers threw the couple 's computer into the swimming pool -LRB- above -RRB- , possibly out of fear it contained images captured on the couple 's webcam . Eduardo told the paper he had known the Tarseys for 40 years , adding : ` They were very good people , humble , friendly and not ostentatious . Everyone who met them loved them . ` We called the Tarseys ' sons , Alexei and Sascha , at 10.30 that night to inform them of the deaths of their parents . It was horrible . ' Police have revealed that Mr Tarsey was shot in the back of the neck while Mrs Tarsey was shot in the face . The killer or killers threw the couple 's computer into the swimming pool , possibly out of fear it contained images captured on the couple 's webcam . Police said they are still investigating the motive for the murders , but believe it may have been a bungled robbery . A television was stolen , but police denied reports that an attempt had been made to force the couple 's safe . No gun was found at the property , but police believe the murder weapon was a small pistol . The Tarseys , originally from West London where Mr Tarsey worked as an engineer , bought their Spanish home in 1990 . They had put it on the market for € 230,000 -LRB- £ 170,000 -RRB- last year , hoping to move to Majorca to be closer to their son Sascha , a friend said .