A member of one of Australia 's most notorious crime families has escaped jail thanks to his blood-soaked surname . Jamie Pettingill , who threatened to slice off a schoolboy 's face , was ordered to complete 350 hours of community service after being found guilty of stealing six mobile phones . Pettingill robbed two women , a man and two schoolboys of their phones , and sold them to fund a gambling addiction he was hiding from his family , County Court Judge Sandra Davis said . Scroll down for video . Jamie Pettingill , who threatened to slice off a schoolboy 's face , was ordered to complete 350 hours of community service after being found guilty of stealing six mobile phones . In the most serious incident he flashed a knife at a schoolboy , telling him ` Do n't f**k with me , I 'll cut your f**king face off ' , as he stole the boy 's mobile phone . Judge Davis decided against putting Pettingill behind bars , due to fears his surname would attract unwanted attention and interfere with his rehabilitation . The judge also accepted Pettingill 's crime spree was an ` unsophisticated , spur of the moment ' act . The 26-year-old was ordered to pay more than $ 5000 in compensation for the mobile phones he had stolen , and was banned him from entering gaming venues . Pettingill robbed two women , a man and two schoolboys of their phones , and sold them to fund a gambling addiction he was hiding from his family , County Court Judge Sandra Davis said . Pettingill avoided jail time , with the judge fearing his surname would bring the 26-year-old unwanted attention in prison . Pettingill is the son of Trevor Pettingill , who was acquitted of shooting two police constables in Melbourne 's infamous 1988 Walsh Street murders . Trevor Pettingill , along with Victor Peirce and two other men , were charged with the murder of Victoria Police Constables Steven Tynan , 22 , and Damian Eyre , 20 . The officers were brutally killed when responding to a report of an abandoned car around 5 am on October 12 , 1988 . Pettingill 's father , Trevor , was acquitted of shooting two police constables in Melbourne 's infamous 1988 Walsh Street murders . Constable Steven John Tynan -LRB- left -RRB- was just 22-years-old when he and fellow officer Damian Jeffery Eyre , 20 , -LRB- right -RRB- were lured to a street where they were ambushed and shot in the head . Victor Peirce -LRB- left -RRB- and Trevor Pettingill -LRB- right -RRB- were charged with the brutal slayings , along with four other men . Two of the men , Jedd Houghton and Gary Abdallah , were shot and killed by Victoria Police before being brought to trial . Kathleen Pettingill , who was dubbed ` Granny Evil ' , ran a number of brothels and had a glass eye after she was shot through the door of a housing commission flat . She was matriarch of the family , and another of her sons , Dennis Allen , was known as ` Mr Death ' The Pettingill family inspired the 2010 Australian film Animal Kingdom . Peirce was himself murdered in 2002 , gunned down outside a Melbourne supermarket . His wife , Wendy , said in a 2005 interview her husband had planned and carried out the killings . It is believed Peirce was driven to murder by a desire to gain retribution for his best friend , Graeme Jensen , who was killed by police . The Pettingill family , led by matriarch Kathleen , inspired the 2010 Australian film Animal Kingdom , which explored the family 's underworld connection . Kathleen , who was dubbed ` Granny Evil ' , ran a number of brothels and had a glass eye after she was shot through the door of a housing commission flat . Kath Pettingill . Matriarch of the of the Melbourne based criminal family . After working as a prostitute , later went on to run several brothels . Denis Allen . Nicknamed ` Mr Death ' was the oldest son of Kath Pettingill . He was given a ten-year prison sentence for rape in the 1970s , and was reportedly a major player in the drug scene across Melbourne during the 1980s . Peter Allen . The second oldest son , who has spent 28 years in prison . Has a violent past and a series of assault charges . He ran a heroin empire in Victoria , and continued to sell drugs during his prison stint . Was released in 2002 . Victor Peirce . The sixth son of Kath Pettingill . Peirce was acquitted of murdering two police officers in the 1988 Walsh Street killings . Was gunned down in 2002 outside a supermarket . His wife , Wendy , admitted in 2005 her husband planned and carried out the Walsh Street murders . Trevor Pettingill . Also acquitted of shooting two police constables in Melbourne 's infamous 1988 Walsh Street murders . Has been labelled a ` career criminal ' .