Fenerbahce have called for the suspension of the Turkish championship following the gun attack on their team bus on Saturday . The bus came under armed attack as it drove to the airport following an away match at Caykur Rizespor in Turkey 's Super Lig . Fener said on their official website the bus driver was wounded in the attack and taken to hospital and there was no mention of any injuries to anyone else . Marks can be seen on the windscreen of the Fenerbahce team bus after the attack . The window nearest the driver was smashed during the attack on Saturday night . The injured driver , with blood seeping from a head wound , seeks help after the attack . A statement on the club 's official website on Sunday said : ` We consider that as long as this attack is not solved in a way that satisfies Fenerbahce and public opinion , a suspension of the championship is inevitable . ` Blood ran and football was silenced . Finding and punishing the culprits is of vital importance for Fenerbahce . ' Following the incident , Fener midfielder Mehmet Topal told Sky News : ` We cheated death . God protect us . I hope our driver will be all right . Words fail me . It 's unbelievable . ' The club posted several pictures of the bus on their website after the attack which showed a shattered side window and damage to the front windscreen . Players and coaching staff survey the damage after the attack near the city of Trabzon . Fenerbahce coach Ismail Kartal -LRB- right -RRB- points to the bullet holes as a policeman inspects the damage . Local TV footage reportedly showed the damage to the team bus and a hole in the steering wheel . The pictures also showed blood on the driver 's seat and the steering wheel . The attack followed Fener 's 5-1 win away to Rizespor . The bus was going over a viaduct on its way from the city of Rize to the airport in Trabzon to return to Istanbul . Fener general secretary Mahmut Uslu said on the club website the attack was ` very wrong ' , saying : ` We came here to play sport , we came to play football . ' The Turkish Football Federation released a statement condemning the attack .