A young boy has been scarred for life after coming home Tuesday afternoon to find his parents dead - their bodies hacked with a chainsaw . Police in Lower Moreland , Pennsylvania received a call from the unidentified juvenile around 12:50 pm and rushed to the home on the 100 block of Country Lane . While authorities have not yet officially identified the couple , family and friends say they were Chris and Nicole Peppelman , the owners of a local excavating company . Scroll down for video . Gruesome : Chris and Nicole Peppelman were found dead inside their Lower Moreland , Pennsylvania home Tuesday afternoon by one of their juvenile sons . Who 's the killer ? While both Mr and Mrs Peppelman had chainsaw cuts to their body , Montgomery County District Attorney says only Mrs Peppelman 's death is being classified as a homicide currently . That suggests that the incident may have been a murder-suicide . The bodies of the 48-year-old husband and his 43-year-old wife were cut with what appears to be a chainsaw , but so far only Mrs Peppelman 's death has been classified as a homicide - suggesting that it may have been a murder-suicide . ` The death of the female seems to be an apparent homicide , however , the investigation is continuing . This is preliminary at this point , ' Kevin Steele of the Montgomery County District Attorney 's Office said . While friends and neighbors remembered the couple as outgoing and friendly , others admitted that the Peppelmans were going through a rough patch and that Mrs Peppelman had moved out of the house with their three sons . ` I know they 've had some troubles , I 've heard that from mutual friends and people that were closer to them recently than I have been , but they have been together I guess for 15-20 years , ' Eric Shallcross , who went to high school with Mrs Peppelman , told WFMZ . Marital issues : Eric Shallcross -LRB- pictured -RRB- , who attended high school with Mrs Peppelman , says the two ` had some troubles ' Police also confirmed that they had been called to the home before for domestic issues . Autopsies have been scheduled for Wednesday to determine how the couple died . Tuesday night , community members gathered at the family 's church , Bryn Athyn Cathedral for a candlelight vigil . ` We 're going to miss them is my thought . They were beautiful people , beautiful children and it 's awful it 's absolutely awful , ' neigh Glenn Nathan told WPVI-TV .