Down Augusta way they say the azaleas are in full bloom , which is more than can be said for England 's Justin Rose . A bruising Florida swing last month saw the Englishman fall outside the world 's top 10 . For a player who has been virtually a fixture in the top five for the last three years it was certainly a dent to the ego , with the Masters now just around the corner . Rose 's solution to his miserable form -- three missed cuts and a 55th-place finish at the Cadillac Championship in four PGA Tour starts -- was the time-honoured one . For the past two weeks , the 34-year-old has spent long hours on the practice ground . Justin Rose hit 17 out of 18 greens in regulation and signed for a 69 at the Shell Houston Open . In the first round of the Shell Houston Open on Thursday there were encouraging signs his decline will prove temporary . Rose hit 17 out of 18 greens in regulation and signed for a 69 , the same score as his playing partner , the ever - consistent Jordan Spieth . ` It 's certainly a welcome return to the sixties , for it had been a while , ' said Rose , smiling . On a day when American Scott Piercy went round in 63 and Phil Mickelson enjoyed his best round in months with a 66 , it was hardly surprising the only reporter waiting to talk to Rose was this one . But under the radar is never a bad place to be going to the Masters . The boom and bust years that characterised the first half of Rose 's career meant there was never going to be any feelings of panic following his unusually poor run in the Sunshine State . ` There 's no doubt I lost my game there but the Florida swing can be unforgiving if you 're slightly off , ' he said . ` Over the past two weeks I feel like I 've done some good work and whether I finish well or not here I feel like I 'm going in the right direction again . ` Basically I was getting ahead of the ball at impact , and shots were going left or right , the irons were not solid and the new putter was not working . So we 've corrected the faults and I 've gone back to the old putter . ' Phil Mickelson enjoyed his best round in months with a 66 on Thursday . Does he pay much attention to the world rankings ? ` You notice , for sure , ' he said . ` I 'm very proud of the fact I 've been in the world 's top five for practically the whole of the last three years . It 's a nice ego thing , so by the end of the year I 'm hoping there wo n't be any slippage . ` But right now , I 've got to focus on my game in the knowledge that the rankings change fast when you 're playing well . I 'm in all the tournaments I want to be in , so there 's no need to worry on that score . Typically , your good years are built around four or five really good weeks , so you have to stay patient . ' He 'd certainly love for one of those good weeks to be the next one . Rose paid a reconnaissance visit to Augusta last Monday and felt the same old thrill . ` It 's such a treat to enjoy it when it is quiet , you still pinch yourself , ' he said . ` I think if I 'd had a crystal ball when I was 13 or 14 and it had said I 'd get to play Augusta every year , I 'd have been very happy with that . ' He 's certainly had his share of adventures during his nine appearances to date . Rose might be the only player in Masters history to have led or had a share of the lead after every round bar the last one . His best chance so far of finishing on top after 72 holes came in 2007 , when he stood on the 17th hole tied for the lead only to run up a fatal double-bogey six . Paul Casey celebrated his last-gasp Masters invitation with two eagle threes in a fine round of 68 . ` The Masters has probably been less on my mind this year because I am trying to find some form , ' he admitted . ` But I think the fact I 've had a number of great rounds there will always stand me in good stead . Regardless of what happens here , I feel comfortable on that course and know I can manage my game even if it 's not 100 per cent . You draw off the energy of the place . ' Mickelson has certainly done that over the years and perhaps the veteran lefty , a three-time Masters champion , is gearing himself up for another run at the green jacket . ` It was a good start to the tournament and now I 'm looking for three more good rounds , ' he said . ` This is a big week for me . I felt the game was close last week . The only thing missing was chipping and short game . ' Paul Casey , like Mickelson another former winner of this event , celebrated his last-gasp Masters invitation with a fine round of 68 notable for two eagle threes . In the afternoon wave , Padraig Harrington and Lee Westwood both made good starts to play their first six holes in two under .