A bathing box by the beach , a 100-year-old mechanic 's garage and an 1850 's goal are just some of the unique spaces selling for top dollar around Australia . As the property boom continues to show no signs of slowing down , a kitsch blue and yellow bathing box on Brighton 's Dendy Street Beach in Melbourne has sold for a staggering $ 276,000 . The sale is a record amount for the bathing boxes in Brighton since they were first constructed in 1862 . It came after five bidders battled it out at auction for the 2.4 m x 2.0 m x 2.0 m size box . The winning bidder paid $ 150,000 over the original asking price for the slice of postcard history , on Saturday . This blue and yellow bathing box on Brighton beach in Melbourne has sold for a staggering $ 276,000 . The winning bidder paid a record price for a bathing box and $ 150,000 over the original asking price . The bathing boxes were first constructed in 1862 and are part of Melbourne 's tourism history . Meanwhile , in Sydney another historic building was snapped up to be converted into a home after being used as a mechanic 's garage for three generations . The grey-fronted building , which was built as a fire station complete with horses and water-laden carts in 1917 , was sold in Paddington , in Sydney 's inner city for $ 1.2 million . Keeping the heritage listed façade , the building is now expected to be turned into a three-bedroom , four-storey house . ` This site offers a five-star location , situated a heartbeat away from Oxford Street and Five Ways . It 's walking distance to the city and a bus-hop away from Bondi Beach , with good public schools and trendy eateries all a stone 's throw away , ' Goodyer real estate said in their advertisement . A mechanic 's garage in Paddington Sydney has sold for $ 1.2 million so it can be converted into a home . The grey-fronted building was first built as a fire station complete with horses and water-laden carts in 1917 . For those who like their homes closed off from the outside world , a spare $ 2 million can get you your very own ancient maximum security goal . A couple have put the Old Kilmore Gaol in Victoria up for sell after renovating the 1850s lock-up into a cosy home 18 years ago . The goal has 6m bluestone walls surrounding it and operated as maximum security prison until 1891 . Although it 's meant to be haunted , owner Glend Deschamp told News Corp she had ` never seen ' a ghost . A couple have put the Old Kilmore Gaol in Victoria up for sell for $ 2 million . The former maximum security goal is said to be haunted by the owners promise they 've never seen a ghost . Kilmore , where the old prison is located , is 60 kilometres north of Melbourne . The couple are selling up after living in the prison for 18 years . During the Gold Rush years , Kilmore where the old prison is located 60 kilometres north of Melbourne , was a major stop over for those coming from the ports and town of Melbourne to the gold fields . In 1891 the prison was turned into a butter factory and now it 's a unique home packed with original features including wooden beams and solid Jika Jika prison doors . Advertised on Raine and Home 's website , the property also has ` lovely mature and manicured gardens ' . ` Vines climb the 20ft -LRB- approx . -RRB- high bluestone walls that are expertly carved and hand finished so that even the craftiest of prisoners could not escape , ' the ad reads . The unique home is packed with original features including wooden beams and solid Jika Jika prison doors . The goal has 6m bluestone walls surrounding it and operated as maximum security prison until 1891 . The property also has ` lovely mature and manicured gardens ' outside its sturdy prison doors . Earlier this month , a tiny house labelled a ` diamond in the rough ' in the Sydney suburb of Surry Hills sold for a whopping $ 840,000 . The quaint one bedroom cottage covers a tiny 63 square metres however it managed to sell for a $ 90,000 over the reserve . And as if real estate was n't overpriced enough , parking spaces are also being offered for up to $ 330,000 . Buyers can pay a hefty price for a non-private , marked slab of concrete , located in the heart of Sydney 's CBD . The space is advertised as a bargain , boasting the ability to fit two cars and providing 24-hour access . A tiny yellow house labelled a ` diamond in the rough ' in the Sydney suburb of Surry Hills sold for a whopping $ 840,000 . The quaint one bedroom cottage covers a tiny 63 square metres . ` VERY rarely do owners sell a car spot by itself in this building and very rarely are car spots by themselves -LRB- i.e. not attached to an apartment -RRB- available to be purchased on separate title ! ' the advertisement reads . ` Do NOT miss out on this extremely rare opportunity . ' Terence Chua , the current owner of the parking spot , told News Corp : ` It 's a handy spot and it gets good rent , but most of the people interested want to use it for themselves . ' ` People who live in the CBD know it 's almost impossible to find permanent parking . ' This parking space , located in Sydney 's CBD , is advertised for the selling price of $ 330,000 . Terence Chua , the current owner of the parking spot , said : ` People who live in the CBD know it 's almost impossible to find permanent parking '