There may have been a few disgruntled lap swimmers at Bondi on Thursday . The daily visitors to the iconic Icebergs Club were forced to take their exercise back to the beach as their beloved pool was drained for the fashion folk . The empty pool was used as the unusual catwalk setting for the Ten Pieces presentation as part of Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia . Scroll down for video . No diving ! Bondi 's Icebergs Club pool was drained on Thursday to create a unique catwalk for Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia . Catwalk with a view : Crowds gathered to take in the show from the balcony of the iconic club . Walk this way : Models paraded through the empty pool and along the break wall in front of a beautiful backdrop of the ocean . Mono : Ten pieces produces capsule collection of ten pieces of unisex clothing designed to be worn in 20 ways . The label had no trouble securing the show-stopping location . Ten Pieces is headed up by Icebergs restaurateur Maurice Terzini and his partner Lucy Hinckfuss . The lifestyle brand produces unisex collections of - you guessed it - ten pieces . A presentation of entirely monochrome creations saw models walking through the concrete pool and along the break wall with a backdrop of the ocean . The collection of ten is designed to be worn in 20 different ways , and are suitable for day to night wear . Guests were treated to nibbles by Icebergs and drinks from Santa Vittoria as they took in the minimalist , androgynous designs . They were treated to beautiful blue sky and sunshine throughout the show , which took place on an unseasonably warm 28 degrees celcius day . Worlds collide : Beachgoers at Bondi stopped and stared as the catwalk show took place . Girls and boys : The androgynous wares are designed to be worn by both sexes . Winter is coming : Models wrapped up in scarves and hoodies from the unisex collection . Poolside : Guests enjoyed the sunny weather as they waited for the show to commence . Public site : Passers-by stopped to watch the show from the road above the pool .