A 14-year-old girl has died and her mother has been left severely injured after they were thrown off a moving bus following a sexual assault in India . Arshdeep Kaur and her mother Shinder , were travelling from their home in Punjab , northern India , to visit relatives when a group of about half a dozen men began harassing them . The men grabbed Arshdeep and made several attempts to ` molest ' her and her mother , but instead of defending them , the bus staff joined in the sexual assault . Scroll down for video . Victims : Arshdeep Kaur , 14 , and her mother Shinder , pictured in hospital , were travelling from their home in Punjab , northern India , when passengers and bus staff sexually assaulted them . The incident took place on a near-empty bus near Moga , some 50 miles from the Pakistani border , in Punjab province . Mrs Kaur , 38 , daughter Arshdeep , 14 , and son Akashdeep Singh , had taken the bus from their home village to visit Mrs Kaur 's parents , Tribune India reports . Shortly after boarding the bus , a group of men had surrounded mother and daughter and tried to grab both of them . Mrs Kaur alerted the conductor about the harassment , he joined in and started abusing them both . After fighting off her attackers , Mrs Kaur ran through the bus to tell the driver to stop the bus , but according to her testimony , he started driving faster . The incident took place on a near-empty bus near Moga , some 50 miles from the Pakistani border , in Punjab province . Vital issue : Officials recently banned a documentary about the 2012 gang rape and murder of an 23-year-old student in Delhi -LRB- stock image -RRB- . The assault continued until the bus slowed down and mother and daughter could break free , however as they attempted to get off the bus , Mrs Kaur says they were pushed . Arshdeep and Mrs Kaur both suffered serious injuries , and the 14-year-old later died in hospital . ` No one helped . They first pushed my daughter off the bus , then me , ' Mrs Kaur told NDTV from her hospital bed today . Shortly after the pair had been pushed off , the bus stopped by the roadside and the alleged perpetrators , including the conductor , cleaner and driver fled the scene . The three could later be apprehended and police have launched an investigation into the incident . There has a heightened sensitivity to the issue of sexual assault in India in recent weeks after officials banned a documentary about the 2012 gang rape and murder of an Indian student in Delhi . Officials said the documentary , called India 's Daughter , would cause further disorder if it was shown , following a number of protests and incidents of vigilante justice in the country . The documentary explained the brutal rape and murder of 23-year-old student Jyoti Singh , who was attacked on a bus when she returned home from the cinema . One of the six men convicted of the attack , bus driver Mukesh Singh , was interviewed in prison and told researchers that had Jyoti not fought back she would not have been killed . Her death led to protests throughout India and outraged the world . Jyoti Singh Pandey , a physiotherapy student , was gang raped as she travelled on a bus . The 23-year-old suffered in hospital for 13 days from her injuries before she died . Vinay Sharma , 20 , Akshay Thakur , 28 , Pawan Gupta , 19 , and Mukesh Singh , 26 , were all sentenced to death for her rape . Ram Singh , co-accused and widely considered the leader of the group , was found dead in his cell . A minor also found guilty was sentenced to three years in a reformatory institution . Her death sparked angry protests in India and internationally about misogyny in the country . The attention forced judges to prioritise the case and the lawyer 's association in Saket reportedly refused to defend the perpetrators .