No one would talk about Bruce Jenner 's Friday tell-all interview with Diane Sawyer - not ex Kris , nor his daughters Kendall and Kylie or even Khloe and Kourtney - when they stopped by Craig 's in West Hollywood on Thursday evening . But Kim Kardashian was not afraid to discuss the upcoming chat when stopping by Variety 's 2015 Power Of Women luncheon in New York City on Friday . ` The family is watching all together with Bruce , so I 'm literally rushing out right after this to catch a flight home so they can wait and watch it with me . ' the 34-year-old beauty told Extra . Scroll down for video . She WILL tune in : Kim Kardashian told E! on Friday afternoon during a Variety event that she would indeed be watching former stepfather Bruce Jenner talk to Diane Sawyer later that evening . Narcisco Rodriguez outfit from Fall 2015 . Check out Narcisco Rodriguez SS 2015 at Net-a-Porter . Visit site . It 's the one year anniversary of Kimye and Kim Kardashian is festively dressed up in an all off-white Narcisco Rodriguez Fall 2015 outfit . Straight off the runway before production , it pays to be Mrs. West . We love the sheer top and high waisted , wide leg pants that just begged to be photographed while walking . This outfit is total street style bait . However what really caught our eye was the long vest . This vest is what makes the outfit and will be so versatile through every season . The tuxedo lapel frames your face and is very slimming . Style it with over a white sleeveless flared dress for some virginal innuendos for a first date or throw it over ripped jeans for a more casual SoHo artisty look . Sadly , this vest is not available yet but if you 're looking for a proper topper right now , check out our selections below . ASOS white sleeveless duster . Visit site . NOMIA slit-back long vest at Barneys . Visit site . Intermix long tailored vest . Visit site . Opening Ceremony ` Mallory ' long twill vest at Nordstrom . Visit site . In the spotlight : ` Yes , we will be all watching as a family tonight , ' the 34-year-old beauty told E! when stopping by Variety 's 2015 Power Of Women luncheon in New York City . Bruce pre-Kris in 1989 : On Thursday evening Entertainment Tonight reported that Jenner started a gender transition process in the mid-1980s but stopped after he met and fell in love with Kris Kardashian , who became his third wife . She insisted the entire clan is fully supportive of Jenner . She added : ` As a family we always support each other 100 per cent and I know that I see things online that there is this divide and this one does n't support this and this one does n't support this and you know it 's all ridiculous and it 's all rumors and we love everyone in the family and we support everyone equally so we 're excited to watch tonight and I 'm excited for Bruce to tell his story on Diane Sawyer . ' She added to Entertainment Tonight : ` I hate so badly when I see things -LSB- like -RSB- my mom does n't support him , or this sister does n't support him . It 's all just a story that people want to put out there . None of us have spoken and we 're letting Bruce speak first . ' TMZ claimed that Bruce , 65 , would be watching the special twice . ` He will be watching both an east coast and west coast feed , ' said a source . ` The Kardashian family will be watching one feed with Bruce , and the rest of his family , including Brody , Brandon , Burt and Casey , will be watching the other feed . ' The Jenners will gather at his Malibu mansion . The site 's source added , ` Bruce felt it was very important to be around his family when the show airs . ' The cameras for Keeping Up with the Kardashians will not be on when he watched the show , it was also claimed . But there was no mention if some of Bruce 's own cameras for one of his own projects would be there . On Thursday evening Entertainment Tonight reported that Jenner started a gender transition process in the mid-1980s but stopped after he met and fell in love with Kris Kardashian , who became his third wife . A supporter : The E! queen previously told Entertainment Tonight . ` I think Bruce is very happy , the happiest I 've ever seen him ... He 's our dad so we support him no matter what ... I guess I 'll kind of let everyone be curious and I feel like that 's his journey to talk about ' By the mid-1980s , the Olympic gold medalist had allegedly started hormone therapy and electrolysis and had had plastic surgery to make his features look more feminine . Jenner found his own facial hair to be repulsive , the source told ET . A spokesperson for Bruce declined to comment on the report after being contacted by DailyMail.com Friday morning . The bombshell Entertainment Tonight report , broadcast Thursday night , claims that Bruce was exploring the idea of gender reassignment surgery with doctors in Denmark but had a change of heart after meeting Kris , the ex-wife of famed LA attorney Robert Kardashian . Mum 's the word on her ex : Kris Jenner would not comment on Bruce 's upcoming tell-all when she stopped by Craig 's in West Hollywood on Thursday evening . The revelation comes just hours before the famous decathlete and reality star is expected to tell all about his personal journey and his transition to living as a woman in a two-hour ABC special tonight with Diane Sawyer . On Friday morning ABC released another clip from his upcoming sit down . In the emotional video , Sawyer asked Jenner if there was anything that they had n't covered over the course of the interview . ` What is the question -- if I were you , what question would you ask me ? ' he clarified . ` Right ... `` Are you going to be OK ? You know ? Are you gon na be OK ? '' ' Not a peep from this trip either : Khloe Kardashian , Kendall Jenner and Kylie Jenner had nothing to say about the former Olympian when they attended the Calvin Klein Jeans ' celebration launch of the #mycalvins Denim Series at Chateau Marmont Thursday . He then said , ` Yeah . I hope I 'm gon na be OK . I feel like I 'm gon na be OK ... 2015 's gon na be quite a ride . Quite a ride . ' Earlier Bruce said he was worried about his children . ` I ca n't let myself hurt them . ' Kim earlier showed support for her stepfather when talking to Entertainment Tonight . ` I will say that I think Bruce should tell his story his way ... I think everyone goes through things in life , ' she explained . ` I think Bruce is very happy , the happiest I 've ever seen him ... He 's our dad so we support him no matter what ... I guess I 'll kind of let everyone be curious and I feel like that 's his journey to talk about . ' Their wedding day : Bruce and Kris looked happy when they tied the knot in 1991 with their kids in tow .