Usain Bolt walked into a small gym at the base of Rio de Janeiro 's Mangueira favela on Thursday , took three shots on the basketball court - at least one from 3-point range - and made all three . That bodes well for next year 's Olympics , where the six-time gold-medal sprinter will try to add three more in Rio . He won three in 2008 in Beijing and three more in London in 2012 . ` This will be my last Olympics , but I am definitely looking forward to it , ' Bolt said , ushered away quickly into black car . ` I 'm excited now that it 's getting closer . I 'm looking forward to being here and competing . Yes definitely . ' Usain Bolt took three shots on the basketball court and converted all three on a trip in Brazil . Bolt visited a small gym in Brazil on Thursday and spoke of his plans for the Rio Olympics . Bolt made the time to pose for pictures alongside his many supporters in Brazil . Bolt is in Rio to promote an event over the weekend , and made a 30-minute visit to the Mangueira sports complex . Many could n't believe it when they were told Bolt - the world 's fastest man - was dropping by a slum that 's visible from Rio 's famous Maracana stadium . Leaving the basketball court , Bolt posed for selfies , took his own video and even ran a 20-metre race on the track with several young girls . A few kids at the complex 's small football field climbed a chain link fence to have a look . Bolt seemed to enjoy himself , raised his arms a few times in mock gestures of triumph and took time to look at the selfies of others . ` It was really great , ' said Camile Vitoria Santana Melo , a 12-year-old who ran alongside Bolt . ` I was n't expecting it . I came here today to practice . I was very happy , very excited when I saw him . ' Bolt -LRB- centre -RRB- jogged a 20-metre track with some youngsters who had been training there . Jamaican sprinter Bolt has admitted that the 2016 Olympic games in Rio will be his last . There are more than 1,000 favelas in Rio . Many are lawless tin and cinderblock settlements dug in atop the city 's hills , home to Rio 's poor and much of its crime . ` This is going to a learning moment for me in the future , ' Camile added , dressed in green shorts and a white top . ` Wow , it was great . I would like to speak to him more , chat longer . '