Environmentalist group Sea Shepherd has rescued 35 crew members from a sinking ship . The rescue mission comes after the Sea Shepherd vessel Bob Barker followed it 's world record breaking pursuit of the accused poaching vessel Thunder for more than 100 days . Bob Barker Captain Peter Hammarstedt said 35 crew members , who abandoned the sinking ship , were safely rescued off the coast of Africa after being held in life rafts . The toothfish poaching vessel Thunder issued a distressing signal , claiming that the ship was sinking at about 4.00 pm on Monday . Environmentalist group Sea Shepherd ship ` Bob Barker ' has rescued 35 crew members from a sinking ship . ` The Captain of Thunder radioed us and said their ship was sinking . We launched our small boat and did everything we could to assist , ' Mr Hammarstedt said . ` It appeared as though the ship and crew were in a serious situation . ' Mr Hammarstedt told ABC News they have been following the ` internationally-wanted poaching vessel for the past 110 days ' as part of its Operation Icefish . ` Our suspicion is that the captain of the Thunder , knowing he 's run out of fuel , has deliberately sunk his own boat in order to destroy any physical evidence , ' he said . ` I 've sent a couple of my crew onboard the Thunder -- my chief engineer examined the engine room , which is completely underwater . ` We also notice they 've opened several hatches -- those that the water , once it 's filled one area of the ship , will quickly go into another and it 's clear , in my opinion , that this ship was sunk . ' The poaching vessel Thunder was trailed for more than 100 days before it started to submerged on Monday . Around 35 crew members from the Thunder ship were safely rescued after being held in life rafts . Operation Icefish has been very successful in exposing the operations of the alleged poachers and making connections between them and fishing companies in Spain . The Thunder lost its nets , its catch and its profits for the entire season during the pursuit as they face prosecution in whichever port it is forced to go to once short of fuel and supplies . This was the longest pursuit of a poacher in maritime history , surpassing the 21-day pursuit of a Uruguayan poacher in 2003 by Australian Customs .