College basketball player Lauren Hill lost her battle with cancer on Friday morning , aged just 19 . The Indiana native , who was diagnosed with a rare form of brain cancer shortly after her 18th birthday , had defied doctors ' expectations after they told her that she would not live past December . Instead , she played four games with her team at Mount St. Joseph University in Cincinnati and raised more than $ 1.5 million for research into the cancer , Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma . But as her condition worsened , she became an honorary coach and earlier this year , she moved to Cincinnati Children 's Hospital , where she passed away on Friday morning . Scroll down for video . Loss : Lauren Hill , who is pictured playing for Mount St. Joseph University in Cincinnati in November , died in hospital on Friday - aged just 19 - after a brave battle with a rare form of brain cancer . Just a year and a half ago , Hill was just another high school student getting ready for college after she decided to play basketball at Mount St. Joseph . A few weeks later , she started experiencing dizziness while playing for her high school team in nearby Lawrenceburg , Indiana . Tests found the tumor and she was told that she had less than two years left . But in September , doctors told her she would n't make it past December - and after years as a standout high school basketball player , Hill 's hopes of playing college ball were put in jeopardy . But the NCAA granted permission to move the school 's opening game forward because of her worsening condition , and on November 2 , she realized her dream of playing for the school . She scored the first and last baskets of the team 's 66-55 victory over Hiram College . ` It 's a dream come true , ' she said . ` To play on a college court , to put my foot down on the floor and hear the roar of the crowd - I just love it so much . I love basketball . ` Everything that happened today was amazing . I 'm truly happy , it 's a really good day . ' Diagnosis : Lauren is pictured left in December 2013 and right in December 2014 after her treatment for Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma , a rare childhood brain cancer , changed her appearance . Brave : Hill , who used her limited energy to inspire people and raise money for research into the cancer that ultimately took her life , is pictured in her room in Cincinnati last December . Final days : Lauren is pictured enjoying Easter and St Patrick 's Day from hospital in Cincinnati . At the game , she said she wanted to find a cure for the rare cancer , which has a less than 10 per cent survival rate and most often affects children aged four to nine . Diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma -LRB- DIPG -RRB- is a type of brain tumor found in the part of the brainstem at the lower back of the brain . Due to the tumor 's location , it can cause double vision , difficulty controlling eye movement and facial expressions , and difficulty swallowing and chewing . It may also cause weakness in the limbs . The condition primarily affects children most often between the ages of four and nine . Between 100 and 150 new diagnoses are made a year in the U.S. Only 300 are made across North America and Europe a year . It can be treated with radiation , but chemotherapy is generally not effective and surgery is impossible due to the spread of the cancer into healthy tissue . Unlike with other childhood cancers , there has been little progress in improving treatments and cure rates for the condition over the last few decades . Fewer than 10 per cent of children with DIPG survive two years after their diagnosis . Source : DIPG Registry . ` When I was diagnosed I remember kind of feeling lonely because nobody understood , ' she said following the game , USA Today reported . ` And now that more people know about this story and the awareness of DIPG . ` I 'm so happy that people know about it now and that we can get some research going and hopefully find that home run cure for cancer . And even though I 'm probably not going to be around to see it , it 's going to help a lot of people . ' Hill played in four games and made five layups before the spreading tumor made her stop . When the season ended , her team held its annual dinner in the hospital where Hill was being treated . She was also honored at local sporting events and was featured on a box of Wheaties - known as the Breakfast of Champions . The U.S. Basketball Writers Association voted her the Pat Summitt Most Courageous Award , which is normally awarded at the Final Four . Athletes from other colleges autographed No. 22 jerseys - her number - and sent them in support . As the cancer slowed her down , her family , friends and teammates took a bigger role in promoting her fundraising campaign - and she kept reminding everyone to appreciate life . ` Life is precious , ' she told WKRC-TV . ` Every moment you get with someone is a moment that 's blessed , really blessed . ' The co-founder of her nonprofit foundation confirmed Lauren 's death in hospital on Friday . Fighter : The NCAA moved the school 's first game forward last November -LRB- pictured -RRB- so that Lauren could achieve her dream of playing for collegiate basketball . She scored the first and last baskets . Heroic : Hill , left , smiles at Pat Summitt after receiving the Pat Summitt Award during halftime of her first NCAA college basketball game in November last year . She went on to play four games for the school . ` Through Lauren 's fundraising and advocacy efforts , she not only became a spotlight on the lack of funding for cancer research , but she most certainly has become a beacon guiding researchers for years to come , ' The Cure Starts Now co-founder Brooke Desserich said . Her nonprofit foundation helped to raise more than $ 1.5 million for cancer research . ` She 's made an impact on the world , more so than me - more than I ever will do , ' her coach Dan Benjamin said . ` I 've gotten so many emails and phone calls from all over the world . People are contacting me because they want to share her story . ' No information about a memorial has yet been released but Lawrenceburg Schools superintendent Karl Galey said on Twitter that schools will be prepared to assist staff and students with counseling .