He 's all three emergency services rolled into one . Andrew Hichens has become the first person to be trained and equipped as a so-called first responder to all types of 999 call . Mr Hichens , 28 , will be working with one PC and two Police Community Service Officers in Hayle in Western Cornwall where the emergency services have been brought together under one roof . Jack of all trades : Andrew Hichens is trained to respond to crimes , fires and medical emergencies . New role : Father-of-two Mr Hichens has taken up his unique role in Hayle in Western Cornwall . As ` Tri-service Safety Officer ' , he does not have the power to make arrests and will mostly be patrolling his beat and spreading safety messages while on hand to respond to most 999 calls . Devon and Cornwall assistant chief constable Paul Netherton said there were plans to introduce the post to other areas . He said : ` The tri-service officer is a ground-breaking idea . It brings together the skills and training of the three emergency services into one individual . ' Father of two Mr Hichens said : ` I want to become a familiar face in the community , someone the public are happy to see and who can respond to any incident or enquiry . ' He applied for the role after eight years as a fireman , training as an emergency first responder , and completing a PCSO course . Badge of honour : He is called a ` tri-service safety officer ' However , Devon and Cornwall Police Federation chairman Nigel Rabbitts said the new role would never be the same as having a fully-trained policeman , paramedic and fireman on call . He dismissed the new job as a ` publicity stunt ' designed to reassure the public rather than provide any effective policing . He said : ` I do n't see what there is to gain from it apart from some sort of public reassurance . Maybe the money should be better spent on full warranted police officers . ' He also said he could not see it catching on , adding : ` To do all three would be impossible and you would n't be able to obtain your professional competencies . ' Ready to go : Mr Hichens will mostly be patrolling his beat and spreading safety messages in his new role . Former Met officer Chris Hobbs said the job was unlikely to be represent the future of the emergency services as it would only really suit small , quiet , and rural beats . He said : ` If someone is able to accumulate all those numerous skills in becoming a jack or master of all trades that is fine . ` But realistically people join the police to be policemen , the fire service to be firefighters , and the ambulance service to be paramedics . ` Finding a good number of people that are able to qualify in all three is asking an awful lot . ` It is a great idea in a rural community but a bit of a non-starter in bigger towns and cities . '