Burnley manager Sean Dyche has attempted to protect out-of-sorts striker Danny Ings by calling on the rest of his team-mates to share the goalscoring burden to keep the team in the Premier League . Ings , strongly linked with a move to Manchester United or Liverpool when his contract at Turf Moor runs out in the summer , has n't scored since February 11 -- a run of eight matches -- and missed his side 's best chance in Saturday 's 1-0 defeat at Everton that left Burnley bottom . As a team , they have scored just one goal in their last seven matches and while Dyche needs 23-year-old Ings to rediscover his mojo quickly , starting with the critical home game against relegation rivals Leicester City , he insists it 's unfair to pin the club 's survival hopes on one man . Burnley striker Danny Ings is struggling for form at the moment and has n't scored since February 11 . Everton full-back Seamus Coleman -LRB- right -RRB- comes forward with the ball as Ings -LRB- left -RRB- gives chase on Saturday . Ings runs away in celebration after scoring for Burnley against Manchester United at Old Trafford in February . Burnley manager Sean Dyche insists that the rest of his players must help to relieve the pressure on Ings . ` Yes , Danny needs to find his goal touch but it 's not just him . You want everyone and anyone to score . Boydy -LRB- George Boyde -RRB- has got goals , Scott Arfield 's chipped in . David Jones had a great chance against Everton so the whole team has to step up to the plate . ` I 'd be questioning us more if we were n't creating chances but we have been creating . It 's rare at this level that you see a whole plethora of chances , say 15 or 20 like you see in other leagues , so when your chances come you have to take them . ' Ings was mentioned in the same breath as Harry Kane not so long ago but you could see a lack of confidence as he misdirected a header from a Kieran Trippier cross in the closing minutes . It is 43 months since Everton last lost a 3 pm Saturday home game , a 1-0 defeat against QPR which marked Tony Fernandes ' first match in charge as the visitors ' new owner . Everton won the game with a first-half goal from Kevin Mirallas who was later fortunate not to become the second player to be dismissed by referee Mike Jones when he caught Boyd on the shin . Burnley 's Ashley Barnes had earlier been sent off for two bookable challenges , a decision Dyche had no complaints about . Everton 's stand-out performer was winger Aaron Lennon who has impressed since a January loan move from Tottenham . Even so , manager Roberto Martinez insists there are no plans at this stage to sign him on a permanent basis . ` With all honesty , we are not going to think about that situation until the season is over , ' said Martinez . ` When you have a loan player it is always a three-way conversation . The player is the first one that needs to make a decision and the parent club has a big say . I 've never been worried about what is going to happen at the end of it . ` You see sometimes when you make loan moves permanent , they do n't work out . Then sometimes it is the opposite , you sign a loan player and he becomes the best player you could ever sign because you know him and they know the way the team works . ' Everton 's young England player Ross Barkley suffered the indignity of missing an early penalty when he stepped up instead of Leighton Baines , whose conversion rate in the Premier League is 15 from 16 . Even so , Martinez insists he will continue to leave it to the players to decide who takes penalties if the regular taker Romelu Lukaku is n't on the pitch . Everton winger Kevin Mirallas scores his side 's winning goal against Burnley at Goodison Park on Saturday . Everton 's star performer against Burnley was Aaron Lennon who is currently on loan at the club from Spurs . Everton manager Roberto Martinez , however , has not let on if he intends to sign Lennon permanently or not .