Denmark has finally passed a law banning bestiality in an attempt to crack down on perverts visiting the country to have sex with animals . The Nordic country decided to tighten up its laws amid reports of animal sex shows , clubs and even animal brothels frequented by tourists taking advantage of its lax regulations . The previous law only stipulated a ban on intercourse which harmed the animals . New law : The Danish government bought in tougher legislation amid fears their relaxed legal stance on bestiality was making the country a destination for people who wanted to have sex with animals . But agricultural minister Dan Jorgensen pointed out it was difficult to prove whether or not the animal had been harmed . ` The current legislation does not protect the animals enough , ' he wrote in an opinion piece . ` It 's hard to prove that an animal suffers when a human has sexual intercourse with it , and that is why we must give the animal the benefit of the doubt . ' Those voting for the bill said Denmark did not want to remain the last northern European country where bestiality was legal , as this was attracting animal sex tourists . Germany , Norway , Sweden and Britain previously banned it . ` There are frequent reports of the occurrence of organised animal sex shows , clubs and animal brothels in Denmark , ' the Danish Ethical Council for Animals , an independent advisory board under the food and agriculture ministry , said in a report , while adding that it had not been able to verify the reports . Tourist destination : There were reports of animal sex shows , clubs and even brothels in the Nordic country . An investigation by the now defunct Danish newspaper 24timer about 10 years ago found animal owners were openly advertising their animals ' services ` for sale ' , for between £ 57 and £ 113 - depending on what was required . More recently , a 2011 Justice Ministry report surveyed veterinarians and found 17 percent of them suspected that an animal they treated had had intercourse with a human . The advent of the internet no doubt helped the boom in animal sex tourism : there are entire forums dedicated to helping people swap advice on bestiality , as well as pornography . The move leaves few countries in the world where bestiality is still legal : within Europe , it leaves just Finland , Romania and Hungary . In the United States , laws surrounding bestiality vary from state to state : Vermont , New Hampshire and Ohio are some of the states where there is no law against it .