Candice Swanepoel has appeared in Max Factor 's latest beauty campaign as none other than silver screen legend Marilyn Monroe . The 26-year-old South African bombshell oozes old Hollywood glamour in the series of shots , which see her don a platinum blonde wig , a crimson pout and a dramatic cat-eye flick . Max Factor , which celebrates its 80th anniversary this year , is the brand widely accredited for transforming Monroe from a mousy brunette to a knockout blonde back in 1935 , and delivering her with the iconic look showcased by Candice today . Scroll down for video . Bombshell : Candice Swanepoel has appeared in Max Factor 's latest beauty campaign as none other than silver screen legend Marilyn Monroe . ` Adored for her impeccably glamorous beauty and her striking ruby red pout , Marilyn always completed her look with dark lined eyes that were framed with thick and volumised lashes , ' states Max Factor 's creative director Pat McGrath . ` This was a look she wore consistently throughout the 1950s and 1960s . It 's a timeless beauty look that evokes a sense of eternal glamour and style , no matter the occasion . ' Using Candice as her muse , Ms McGrath - who was recently awarded an MBE for her services to the fashion - recreated the look with one of Monroe 's signature lipstick shades , Ruby Tuesday . Candice gave fans a sneak peek of her dramatic look back in January when she shared an Instagram snap of herself on the shoot . The 26-year-old South African bombshell oozes old Hollywood glamour in the series of shots , which see her don a platinum blonde wig , a crimson pout and a dramatic cat-eye flick . Max Factor is the brand widely accredited for transforming Monroe from a mousey brunette to a knockout blonde back in 1935 , and delivering her with the iconic look showcased by Candice today . ` Adored for her impeccably glamorous beauty and her striking ruby red pout , Marilyn -LRB- right -RRB- always completed her look with dark lined eyes that were framed with thick and volumised lashes , ' states Max Factor . The brand continued , ` This was a look she wore consistently throughout the 1950s and 1960s . It 's a timeless beauty look that evokes a sense of eternal glamour and style , no matter the occasion ' On the Instagram snaps posted on her profile page , she wrote : ` Through my work with @maxfactor I 'm lucky to be able to transform through make-up . ` Here @patmcgrathreal and @shayashual transformed me into Marilyn . ' She continued by encouraging her fans to be more ` adventurous ' with their own cosmetics . She added : ` Fact is Mr Max factor was originally responsible for making Norma Jean into Marilyn all those years ago ... ` It 's the perfect time of year to give yourself a dramatic new look or be more adventurous with your makeup . #glamjan #maxfactor . ' Candice gave fans a sneak peek of her dramatic look back in January when she shared an Instagram snap of herself on the shoot . Recent snap : Candice may radiate confidence these days , but it was n't always so . In a recent interview with Maxim , the lingerie model admitted it had taken her quite some time to feel comfortable in her skin . ` I had to get over a lot of shyness to do this job , ' said the model , pictured at the 2014 Victoria 's Secret Fashion Show in London . Candice may radiate confidence these days , but it was n't always so . In a recent interview with Maxim , the lingerie model admitted it had taken her quite some time to feel comfortable in her skin . She said : ` I look at myself in the third person , because that girl in the pictures is n't me : It 's a girl I created to cope with the spotlight . I had to get over a lot of shyness to do this job . ' Candice , who has been working almost non-stop since was discovered at the age of 15 , said she had to grow up fast . ` In one way I feel much older , because I 've had to deal with a lot more responsibility and a career and money at an early age , ' she said . ` But at the same time , there 's still a 15-year-old girl in me , one who does n't even have a driver 's license . '