Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany insists that UEFA 's Financial Fair Play regulations protect elite clubs rather than helping teams avoid going bust . The Premier League champions were last year deemed to have breached FFP regulations , before being fined £ 50million and ordered to operate with a £ 49m transfer kitty this season . City are debt-free , mainly thanks to the vast wealth of owner Sheikh Mansour 's heavy personal investment , whereas Manchester United were able to splash out £ 150m on new talent in the summer , despite being in the region of £ 400m in the red . Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany has slammed FFP for protecting the established order of clubs . Ahead of the Manchester derby on Sunday , Kompany has hit back at the FFP rulings , claiming they prevent other teams challenging the established sides at the upper echelons of the game . ` Just who is FFP protecting ? ' Kompany told the Sunday Mirror . ` For me , it is protecting those few clubs who were already geared up to be successful . ` Just because a club is part of the established order does n't mean they should be guaranteed success forever , ' he added . ` I just look at it in terms of the established order protecting themselves . ' ` When I first came to England seven years ago , it was the same four clubs always in the top four . That has changed . Our owners have invested to build a successful club . That in itself will bring in more fans and create more revenue . Is that so bad ? Kompany and his City team-mates react after losing to Crystal Palace over the Easter weekend . Glenn Murray holds off a challenge from Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany at Selhurst park . The Belgian international has guided City to pick up two Premier League titles , a FA Cup and the Capital One Cup in the past four seasons , having joined the club just 10 days before Sheikh Mansour bought the club . Kompany praises the impact of the owners on aspects that are n't just beneficial to the club and claimed such a takeover and transformation would be impossible with FFP in full swing . ` Look at what this club has done for the community and the city of Manchester -- and do n't forget that we pay a lot of tax in the UK as well , so that helps the economy , ' said Kompany . ` If City 's owners had n't invested like they did five years ago , it might have been too late for them to create a top club . ' ` What has been introduced denies clubs like Leeds , Nottingham Forest and others with big fan-bases the opportunity to ever get to the top level again . ' City owner -LRB- second right -RRB- Sheikh Mansour talks to his key members of staff on a trip to Abu Dhabi .