Shay Given has revealed the pain still lingers from Ruud Gullit 's decision to snub him for the 1999 FA Cup final between Newcastle and Manchester United . The Republic of Ireland goalkeeper played every round of Newcastle 's run but was dropped in favour of Steve Harper for the Wembley showpiece , won 2-0 by Sir Alex Ferguson 's side . Given has yet to experience a truly fulfilling visit to the national stadium . He played in the 1998 FA Cup final loss to Arsenal , as well as the semi-final defeat to Chelsea in 2000 . Shay Given will start for Aston Villa against Liverpool in Sunday 's FA Cup semi-final at Wembley . He has an FA Cup winners ' medal from 2011 but was an unusued substitute for the final against Stoke with Joe Hart in net . He is out to make amends against Liverpool . ` It was nice to be part of winning it with Man City but when you do n't play it does n't have the same value , ' he said . ` I do n't know where my medal is to be honest . ` 1999 was a bit of a slap in the face . Do you ever get over it , I suppose ? It 's not an easy one . Ruud Gullit did n't even tell me , he got the goalkeeping coach Terry Gennoe to tell me I was n't playing . ` But you ca n't look back in football , you 've just got to look forward . I 'd love to win a trophy and make a bit of history at Aston Villa . ' The 38-year-old has played in all four of Villa 's FA Cup matches this season and has kept two clean-sheets . Villa manager Tim Sherwood confirmed Given will start on Sunday , a day before the Irishman turns 39 . Manager Tim Sherwood has confirmed Given , who turns 39 tomorrow , will keep his Cup place rather than be replaced by No 1 Brad Guzan . Given has played every round of the competition , beginning under Paul Lambert , and make key saves along the way . Given admitted he felt matches of this magnitude had passed him by when he was out on loan at Middlesbrough last season , as Lambert jettisoned players he needed to remove off the wage bill . Last April , he was in the dugout assisting Villa 's former manager as coach when Ian Culverhouse and Gary Karsa were suspended . ` I am employed by Aston Villa and I felt I could help out , ' said Given . ` Life is too short to have grudges . ' Sherwood watched his Villa side in training as they prepare for the Sunday 's crunch clash . Sherwood , his former Blackburn teammate , has provided a ` new lease of life ' . ` Tim is a very ambitious guy , he wants to keep the club in the Premier League and win the FA Cup . There have been occasions this season where people have seen the angry side . But ten minutes later he is putting his arm around the same player . One of his best skills is man management . He knows how to get the best out of people . ' Given has regained his place in the Ireland team and is wants to play at Euro 2016 should his country qualify . He would also like to take the goalkeeping shirt off Brad Guzan in the Premier League . He has a year left on his contract this summer and will discuss his prospects with Sherwood . ` This run has shown I 'm still capable and hopefully it gives a seed of doubt into the manager 's head as well that if he wants to mix it up in the Premier League . ' Aston Villa defeated rivals West Brom 2-0 in the last round to book their semi-final appearance at Wembley .