Google launched a new U.S. wireless service today that switches between Wi-Fi and cellular networks . Google is already the world 's most popular phone software provider , and a pay-TV operator - and now it wants to be your mobile network carrier . The company has unveiled a U.S. wireless service that switches between Wi-Fi and cellular networks to curb data use and keep phone bills low . The service , called ` Project Fi , ' debuted today , about two months after Google revealed its plans to expand its ever-growing empire into providing wireless connections for smartphones . Google is selling the basic phone service for $ 20 a month and will only charge customers for the amount of cellular data that they use each month , instead of a flat rate . Each gigabyte of data will cost $ 10 a month . That means a customer could sign up for a plan offering three gigabytes of data and get $ 20 back if only one gigabyte was used in a month . Most wireless phone carriers allow their customers to roll over unused data into another month of service without refunding any money . Project Wi-Fi initially will only be sold to a narrow US audience that owns the Nexus 6 , a smartphone that Motorola Mobility made with Google 's help . Google 's pricing setup makes Project Fi less expensive than most of the comparable plans offering by the four biggest wireless phone carriers - Verizon , at & t , T-Mobile and Sprint . The monthly prices for a single line of smartphone service with up to one gigabyte of cellular data at those carriers range from $ 45 to $ 50 compared to $ 30 from Google . The major carriers , though , offer a variety of family plans that could still be better deals than Project Fi . Those bundled plans allow several phone lines to share a pool of cellular data . Scroll down for video . Besides trying to bring down the prices of wireless phone plans , Google is promising subscribers that their Nexus 6 model will automatically connect with the fastest network available . Rather than building its own network , Google is leasing space on cellular towers built by Sprint and T-Mobile , which are hoping the deals will boost their profits without costing them too many customers tempted to defect to Project Fi . To use the service , Nexus 6 owners must sign-up to request an invitation , must have a Gmail address , and must live in a US zip code within the coverage area . In this map , the dark green areas are covered by the service 's 4G LT , the lime green is covered by 3G and the pale green by 2G . Verizon 4G LTE coverage is pictured for comparison . Project Fi will be hosted through Sprint Corp and T-Mobile 's networks . The service will work only on the company 's Nexus 6 phones and only in the US . Project Fi will be hosted through Sprint Corp and T-Mobile 's networks . Overall , it costs $ 20 for basic service , which includes unlimited domestic talk , unlimited texting , tethering , and access in 120 countries . Customers pay $ 10 per GB of data . Data is paid for in advance , and the cost of unused data gets refunded rather than rolled over or lost . Phone numbers will live in the cloud so that consumers can talk and text on any connected tablet . Calls can be made via Hangouts on Android , iOS , and through Gmail on desktops , via the Hangouts widget . Texts can be made and received in the same way . There is no annual service contract required when you sign up . To use the service , Nexus 6 owners must sign-up to request an invitation , must have a Gmail address , and must live in a US zip code within the coverage area . Google is promising Project Fi will automatically switch over to an available Wi-Fi network if that is running at a higher speed than the cellular alternatives . T-Mobile CEO John Legere , whose company already has been cutting its prices and rolling out new options , said it was a ` no-brainer ' to work with Google on Project Fi . ` Anything that shakes up the industry status quo is a good thing -- for both US wireless customers and T-Mobile , ' Legere wrote in a blog post . Google has an incentive to promote cheaper and faster wireless service as a mobile virutal network operator . This is because it operates some of the world 's most popular online services , including its search engine , maps , Gmail and YouTube video site . The Mountain View , California , company believes most people will visit those services more frequently if they are enticed to stay online for longer periods , giving Google more opportunities to show the digital ads that generate most of its revenue . Similar motives prompted Google to begin building high-speed , hard-wired networks capable of navigating the Internet at speeds up to 100 times faster than existing broadband services . Although Google is only selling its broadband service in a handful of U.S. cities so far , at & t and Comcast are now offering options with comparable speeds in a few communities . Price in Dollars : This graphic shows how much Google 's new Project Fi will cost for various plans . For Talk and Text only , the Google carrier will cost $ 20 a month as compared to $ 35 for new partner TMobile . However the savings really start when 5 GB of LTE is consider - with the Internet search giant 's plan coming in at $ 70 and telecom giant Verizon 's costing $ 110 a month . Project Fi initially will only be sold to a narrow US audience that owns the Nexus 6 , a smartphone that Motorola Mobility made with Google 's help .