When James Bowen wrote a heart-warming memoir about a stray cat rescuing him from homelessness and heroin addiction , it became an overnight bestseller . The former Big Issue salesman and busker has sold more than four million copies of A Street Cat Named Bob and churned out multiple spin offs -- earning £ 500,000 in just three years . But the Daily Mail can reveal that despite his ample fortune , Bowen , 36 , continued to have his rent paid for by housing benefit . Since 2012 the taxpayer has forked out £ 15,500 for Bowen -- who has a personal accountant -- to live in his housing association flat in Haringey , North London . Scroll down for video . The former Big Issue salesman has sold more than four million copies of A Street Cat Named Bob and has also churned out multiple spin offs -- earning £ 500,000 in just three years . And while Bowen and his famous cat stay in the social housing flat he was granted in 2010 , the many homeless people he talks of helping remain desperate for a roof over their heads . A former friend of Bowen said : ` He was fully aware he should not have been getting housing benefit , but failed to stop it . He has n't been hurrying to buy his own house either . ' Failing to tell your local council you are no longer entitled to housing benefit can result in criminal prosecution for fraud and jail time . A Haringey Council spokesman said it was the responsibility of claimants to contact them within one month of their income increasing , adding : ` In this case , we were first informed of a change in circumstances in February 2015 . ' Born in Surrey , Bowen was raised in Australia . He returned to England in 1997 , becoming a heroin addict and sleeping rough for ten years . He said his life only changed when he found a stray cat on a doorstep in 2007 . The Daily Mail can reveal that despite earning an ample fortune from the book -LRB- left with Bob ; cover right -RRB- , Bowen , 36 , continued to have his rent paid for by housing benefit . Bowen 's account of rescuing Bob , and in turn being rescued by the cat 's loyalty and trust , was published in 2012 , spending two years in the UK Top 10 bestseller list . In an interview two years ago Bowen said he was off benefits and saving up to get a mortgage . He added he would use his newfound wealth to help drug and homelessness rehabilitation programmes . Last night Bowen 's spokesman said he was unaware housing benefit was still paying his rent until December , when it came up in a mortgage application , and has since paid up . He added housing benefit was still being paid last week despite requests for it to stop . Speaking to the Mail yesterday , Bowen denied responsibility , claiming he told the council about his change of fortunes -- but could not say if he had followed the correct procedure . ` In 2013 I did make calls to the Peabody Trust housing association , the council , and social security and have n't received benefits since , ' he said . ` I personally told them I was no longer entitled to housing benefit , and for two years I 've been trying to pay my £ 107-a-week rent myself , but the Peabody Trust would n't cash the cheques . '