This is the university equality officer at the centre of a sexism and racism row pictured in front of a ` no white men ' sign showing their tears dripping into a cup . A picture of Bahar Mustafa , 27 , student union Welfare and Diversity Officer at Goldsmiths University in London , pretending to cry was posted online as she was being accused of discrimination . The handmade poster also refers to a ban on ` cis ' or cisgender men , a term used of those whose mental gender and physical sex match , which is the opposite of transgender . Message : This picture of Bahar Mustafa , the student union Welfare and Diversity Officer at Goldsmiths University , shows her posing in front if a ` no white men ' sign while pretending to cry . Row : Ms Mustafa appeared to ban men and white people from attending the meeting in this Facebook post . The photograph first appeared on Miss Mustafa 's Facebook profile on Tuesday , six days after she told white people and men ` not to come ' to a meeting she was organising to discuss ` diversifying the curriculum ' . She wrote on Facebook last week : ` Invite loads of BME -LSB- black and minority ethnic -RSB- Women and non-binary people !! Also , if you 've been invited and you 're a man and/or white PLEASE DO N'T COME just cos i invited a bunch of people and hope you will be responsible enough to respect this is a BME Women and non-binary event only . ' Non-binary is a term used to describe people who do not consider themselves exclusively male or female . Miss Mustafa , 27 , added : ` Do n't worry lads we will give you and allies things to do ' , followed by a wink . The event 's online page said it was open to ` self-defining BLACK and ETHNIC MINORITY women and non-binary people with gender identities that include `` woman '' . ' A notice about the meeting later appeared to show the ban had been dropped , stating : ` Allies now welcome ! ' Miss Mustafa , pictured at a demonstration , describes herself as a ` queer , anti-racist feminist killjoy ' and previously organised a ` BME ONLY social ' before showing the film Dear White People . The post was met with outrage by students of the university , one of whom described the exclusive policy as ` patronising beyond belief ' . The story was covered by student newspaper The Tab just hours after Miss Mustafa first posted the image . Goldsmiths ' union eventually backed down after a backlash from students . The ban on men and white students is surprising , since the organisers claim to promote ` zero tolerance ' for ` all forms of prejudice , discrimination and oppression ' . A senior union member told student newspaper The Tab that Miss Mustafa 's actions had made it ` very difficult ' for male students . In the hours after the story made national news yesterday , a friend of Miss Mustafa again posted the picture of her pretending to cry to Facebook . He wrote : ` When you thought the cup in the picture was big enough for white tears ' . In February , Miss Mustafa , whose Twitter biography says she is ` queer , anti-racist feminist killjoy ' , also organised a ` BME ONLY social ' before showing the film Dear White People . Today her friends posted supportive messages on her Facebook page and also offered her a place to stay if she needed it . But not everyone was so supportive . One Facebook friend , called Jessie , wrote : ` You do not speak for me . I voted you into the position of Welfare and Diversity Officer . ` Your passion is inspiring . But I ca n't defend this . We can not best `` them '' by being them . We can not demand to be included by excluding . ` To specifically exclude a group of people from any event is to become the oppressor . As the oppressed , we should not wish to inflict upon others that pain which we know to be harmful to us . ` This is not the Goldsmiths I love ' . Bahar Mustafa , student union Welfare and Diversity Officer at Goldsmiths University in London , sparked anger when she banned men and white people from a ` diversity ' meeting . Graduate : Miss Mustafa recently completed an MA in gender and media studies and won election to become the union 's Welfare and Diversity Officer . Miss Mustafa recently graduated from Goldsmiths with an MA in gender and media studies . Criticism : Critics have said that Miss Mustafa 's actions had made it ` very difficult ' for male students but friends have also defended her . She is understood to live with her mother Nursen , 55 , father Ismail , 57 , and sister Ipek , 23 , in Enfield in a £ 450,000 three-bedroom terrace . The Daily Mail tried to contact Miss Mustafa but she was not available to explain the comments apparently posted from her Facebook account . A friend told MailOnline she ` does not want to talk to you ' . Yesterday a spokesman for Goldsmiths said the university had no part in the decisions of the union , adding : ` We are proud of our diverse community and do not tolerate any form of oppression , including racism , sexism or any other form of bigotry . ` We have written to the students ' union to express our concern . ' The union said : ` Goldsmiths Students ' Union places huge importance on equality and diversity . ` It is in this vein that we host spaces where specific minority groups who experience similar discrimination can talk together confidently about overcoming the structural disadvantages and prejudice they face . ` The accusation that we discriminate is one we refute wholeheartedly ' . Goldsmiths has insisted the Student Union is a separate organisation over which it has no control .