Aston Villa Cup hero Jack Grealish has become the latest young Barclays Premier League star to be accused of getting high on ` hippy crack ' . The 19-year-old midfielder , who inspired Tim Sherwood 's team to their FA Cup semi-final triumph over Liverpool on Sunday , has been photographed inhaling from a white balloon believed to be filled with nitrous oxide -- more commonly known as laughing gas . According to The Sun , the selfie -- which shows Grealish and a friend -- was taken in a hotel room about six months ago following a night out . Jack Grealish has become the third top flight starlet caught on camera apparently inhaling nitrous oxide . Grealish starred for Villa in their FA Cup semi-final win over Liverpool on Sunday at Wembley . Grealish is the third Premier League starlet this month to be exposed apparently using the legal high , after Liverpool 's Raheem Sterling , 20 , and West Bromwich Albion forward Saido Berahino , 21 , were both pictured sucking from balloons . Nitrous oxide is popular on the party scene and users say it creates feelings of euphoria and light-headedness , while others experience hallucinations . Drug advice website Frank warns , however , that ` there is a risk of death as a lack of oxygen can occur ' . Aston Villa declined to comment on Wednesday night . The allegations come after it emerged that Grealish is ready to commit his international future to England , provided Roy Hodgson assures him he figures in his long-term plans . Grealish is at the centre of a tug-of-war between England and the Republic of Ireland . He was born in the Midlands to English parents but qualifies for the Republic through his grandparents . He will give himself until the summer , when the two countries face each other , before deciding . But Sportsmail understands the teenager is leaning towards a future with England . He has received guarantees from Republic of Ireland boss Martin O'Neill , who wants to pick the star in his squad to face England in June . Meanwhile , FA chairman Greg Dyke on Wednesday night claimed Spurs striker Harry Kane has told England he wants to play at the European Under 21 Championship . Dyke said : ` I got a call from Harry 's agent to say how much he enjoyed playing for England and how much he wants to play for the U21s this year in the Euros and that 's important . ' Emre Can of Liverpool tries to tackle Grealish during their FA Cup tie with Aston Villa at Wembley .