Gerard Pique and chart-topper Shakira were in the stands as Kei Nishikori was crowned Barcelona Open champion for the second consecutive year after a hard-fought 6-4 6-4 victory over surprise Spanish finalist Pablo Andujar on Sunday . It was the ninth career title for the top-seeded Japanese , who again showed his improved endurance as he battled to come out on top against the world number 66 . ` I did n't think about winning the tournament at the start of the week because of the strength of the players here , especially the Spanish , but now I am very happy , ' Nishikori told reporters . Pop star Shakira and husband Gerard Pique attend the final during day seven of the Barcelona Open . Spain defender Pique holds his son Milan during the final of the Barcelona Open at the Real Club de Tenis . ` I knew that Andujar has a good backhand and my plan was to move the ball around a bit . It worked well in the last few games and then with the final shot I closed my eyes and it went in . ' Andujar broke serve in the opening game with Nishikori making uncharacteristic mistakes and the score was 2-2 before either player held serve . Nishikori found himself being dragged out of position by Andujar , who had beaten third seed David Ferrer in the semi-finals but , despite racking up 13 unforced errors , he still managed to break his opponent again at 5-4 to win the first set . Pique played in Barcelona 's 2-0 win over Espanyol on Saturday which kept them top in La Liga . The famous couple share a kiss in between points as Pablo Andujar missed opportunities to clinch the first set . Nishikori continued to make mistakes as the Spaniard went into a 2-0 lead in the next and then survived a break point to go 3-1 ahead . Yet the Japanese world number five rallied to level at 4-4 before , in Andujar 's next service game , a double fault gifted Nishikori match point and a backhand down the line gave him victory . Nishikori exploded on the tennis scene last year , reaching his first ever Grand Slam final at the US Open and he will be among the favourites to win the French Open next month . Strong from the back of the court , he is well suited to clay courts , also having reached the final of the Madrid Open in 2014 where he had to retire injured against Rafael Nadal . After early mistakes in the first set put Andujar 3-1 up Kei Nishikori rallied to win in straight sets 6-4 6-4 . Nishikori was in the mood to celebrate a second consecutive year of being crowned Barcelona Open champion . Nishikori holds up the Japanese flag with the trophy after his second straight Barcelona Open title success .