Gareth Bale drives an unstoppable left-footed bullet in at the far post during a routine training drill as Real Madrid train on Wednesday . It 's powerful , poised and emphatic , though far from a winner at the Nou Camp , but it 's all the Welshman can do for now as he returns from international duty to a less than appreciative fan base . Bale joined Cristiano Ronaldo and Co for their second day back at training as they prepared for their first match back after the devastating loss to Barcelona that saw them fall four points behind the La Liga leaders . Gareth Bale chests down a cross from the right before unleashing a bullet in Real Madrid training . Perfectly balanced , Bale cocks his powerful left leg to hit his shot on the half-volley . Having hit the ball sweetly it rockets into the net at the far post giving the keeper no chance . The under fire winger returns to Madrid on the back of a vital double for Wales against Israel as they claimed top spot in Euro 2016 qualifying 's group B. Showing no signs of the drama he 's been subject to in Spain , including an attack on his white Bentley by a so-called fan , Bale scored his 15th and 16th goals for his country . His first came from a curling free-kick over the wall before his second , a strong finish after arriving late into the area , marked his 20th for the season in all competitions . Bale evades Nacho Fernandez during training session at Valdebebas training ground on Wednesday . Cristiano Ronaldo works up a sweat at training -LRB- left -RRB- left as Marcelo brings the ball down on his chest . Playmaker Luka Modric -LRB- left -RRB- keeps control as defensive midfielder Asier Illarramendi watches closely . Back from duty with Germany , Toni Kroos -LRB- right -RRB- comes up against Spaniard Illarramendi . Bale holds off Fernandez in a star-studded pack of players at Carlo Ancelotti 's disposal . Goals aside , Bale was a menace throughout the match , constantly asking questions against the side that until this match led Wales and Belgium in the group . Carlo Ancelotti and his state employed small-sided games and shooting drills to bring Real back to business as usual on Wednesday as they prepare to take on 19th-placed Granada on Sunday in an early 11 am kick-off . Real have won just one of their last five games in all competitions - and was a 2-0 home victory against Levante in which Bale , the player Real fans have seemingly fallen out of love with , scored both goals . James Rodriguez -LRB- left -RRB- , who is continuing his recovery from injury , and Marcelo find cause for a fist pump . Rodriguez puts pressure on young prospect Martin Odegaard -LRB- right -RRB- ahead of their clash with Granada . Speaking on Spanish TV , Alvaro Arbeloa spoke out in defence of Bale saying the fans ' treatment of the 25-year-old is inexpicable . ` They have it out for him . He 's done a great job since he arrived at the club and I do n't understand this witch hunt against him ' , ' he said on Neox TV 's El Chiringuito . The defender had similar words for Ronaldo , who has also faced hash criticism of late . ` They 've been very unfair with him . Nobody can doubt his professionalism . He has every right to think they 've been unfair to him . You can not be as good as Cristiano unless you are very demanding with yourself , or the first player in training , or you look after yourself at home . '