The mother of a two-year-old boy who fell 10 feet into a cheetah enclosure could face child endangerment charges after witnesses claim she was dangling him over the edge . Visitors at Cleveland Metroparks Zoo in Ohio heard a scream as the toddler tumbled into the pit at 3 pm on Saturday . His parents jumped in and pulled him to safety before paramedics arrived to treat the boy for a leg injury . Though the felines appeared to avoid the child , Dr Christopher Kuhar , executive director at the zoo , said there is a strong chance charges will be pressed on Monday . Scroll down for video . A mother was holding the two-year-old boy and another child when the toddler slipped and fell into the cheetah exhibit at the Cleveland Metroparks Zoo -LRB- file photo of cheetahs at the Cleveland zoo -RRB- . The boy was rescued by his parents from the pit -LRB- pictured -RRB- before firefighters and paramedics arrived on the scene . He suffered from minor bumps and bruises and was listed in stable condition at the hospital . He told CNN : ` Unfortunately , we have a number of eyewitness accounts that point to the strong likelihood that the child was dangled over the rail . ' According to witnesses the mother was holding him and another child when he fell . Michael Lurie and his family were at the Cheetah exhibit when they heard the child scream . ` You saw how far the drop was and you just could n't believe the kid did n't hurt himself from falling down on the ground , ' Lurie told WKYC . ` I was just shocked , ' he said . ` I did n't understand how the parents let the kid go over the thing . ' The cheetahs did not approach the boy or his parents while in the pit , according to zoo officials . Zoo visitor Terra Lurie believes the boy was not approached by the fast feline because they were frightened . ` I think they were just curious as to what was going on and why somebody was in the pen with them , ' she said . ` It 's not every day that somebody is just in the pen with them . ' ` And everyone else is screaming and they probably got scared . ' The exhibit was closed following the child 's fall . Zoo visitor Michael Lurie was at the cheetah exhibit when he heard the child scream . He said he was ` shocked ' and ` did n't understand how the parents let the kid ' go over the railing and into the pit . Cleveland Metroparks Zoo plans to press child endangering charges against the child 's mother -LRB- above file photo of visitors at the Cleveland zoo -RRB- .