Pablo Mandado and Ilze Zebolde have no plans , no agenda , no cause to fight for and they are certainly in no hurry -- the couple simply has a dream to ` discover different parts of this planet a pedal at a time . ' And , after quitting their restaurant jobs in Manchester , the intrepid cyclists are doing it as cheaply as they possibly can . Spanish Pablo , 27 , and Latvian Ilze , 31 , who met in Riga in 2011 , are off to a flying start as they approach their first year of their open-ended odyssey on the road . In 356 days so far they 've covered almost 7,000 miles -LRB- 11,131.92 km by their measurements -RRB- and been through 16 countries . Ilze Zebolde , 31 , takes in her surrounds as she and Pablo Mandado take a break in their cycle journey around the world . Pablo , 27 , and Ilze , 31 , stop for a picture in Bosnia , one of the 16 countries they 've been through since leaving London last year . Latvian Ilze sets up camp , the most common means of accommodation for her and Pablo , on the stunning Lake Bled in Slovenia . Ilze points at the winding road that she and Pablo had climb in Spain 's Sierra Nevada with their 130 kg of gear -LRB- including bicycles -RRB- . With no plans or agenda , Ilze and Pablo are happy to stop and take in stunning views , such as this from a roadside in the French Alps . In that time they have been astonishingly living on less than three euros each a day , or by their meticulous calculations 10 euro cents per kilometre . They keep costs down by relying on free accommodation , along with not needing a budget for transport -- their legs have that covered . Usually they pitch a tent under the stars and camp -LRB- 161 nights of the 256 -RRB- but also use hosting websites such as Couchsurfing -LRB- 66 nights -RRB- and Warmshowers -LRB- 44 nights -RRB- . Sometimes , they get a good night 's sleep courtesy of the kindness of strangers . Showers are ` sometimes daily , sometimes weekly , ' admits Pablo . This leaves food as their only major expense , and that takes up just 2.74 euros each per day of their 2.99 total outlay . Ilze often stars in their images with Pablo the designated photographer , but she does n't seem to mind after another hill climb . Pablo gives up his camera for a moment , though , as Latvian Ilze captures her Spanish boyfriend taking a rest on the road . While they often pitch their tent in stunning settings , this pedestrian tunnel during their journey through Turkey is n't one of them . Rolling green hills and a shimmering lake greeted the duo in the Alps as their open-ended odyssey continued . Cheapest countries . Montenegro 1.65 . Italy 2.02 . Greece 2.18 . Most expensive . England 5.11 . Croatia 4.48 . France 4.11 . Per person , per day . When asked on their blog , TheCrazyTravel , how they can possibly live like this , Pablo answered simply . ` Pasta , bread , rice , eggs , milk , seasonal fruits and vegetables . Often we get invited for a meal , or for some free veggies or fruits , ' he said . ` We pick up wild fruits occasionally as well , and dumpster diving was an option in Western countries where half of the food production end up in the bin . ' Pablo and Ilze started in London before heading south-east and working their way through France , first down the west coast and then the south after a loop through Spain and Portugal . Pedal power then took them through the north of Italy , Slovenia , Croatia , Bosnia and Herzegovina , Montenegro , Albania , Macedonia , Greece and into Turkey . Ilze walks with her bike while Pablo trails behind to capture a snowy landscape in Turkey , which they traversed the entire north of . Pablo and Ilze 's tent in a field in Bosnia - this is their usual means of accommodation although they often use hosting websites . Pabo and Ilze take a break in an Italian mountain town as they work their way from France towards eastern Europe . Pablo rides along the waterside in Thessaloniki , Greece , one of more than 200 stops they 've made in their journey so far . All landscapes and settings are greeting Pablo and Ilze , including moody forests in France as they rode along both coasts . Ilze rides into the clouds as pedal power takes her and Pablo through eastern Europe and towards Asia , their next continent . The view from Pablo and Ilze 's tent as they awake to another day in the saddle as they live out their dream . Pablo shows off the huge amount of gear he and Ilze need to carry as they work their way around the world . ` Cycling over the bridge at the border between Greece and Turkey was symbolic , ' Pablo says . ` Riding away from Europe , finally crossing into a different continent . Finally going further away and into the unknown . ' They traversed the entire northern coast of Turkey , before riding through Georgia and their latest destination , Armenia , and they plan to ` continue into Asia , across the Pacific with the idea to cycle all the length of the American continent . ' ` We are going to be on the road for the following years , ' they say .