It was thought that Edward Snowden was living in a secret location in Russia after his 2013 leaks made him a wanted man by the US Government -- but it seems he 's actually set up shop in the middle of the White House . At least , that 's where the whistleblower is according to Google Maps . A business called Edward 's Snow Den has appeared in the US President 's headquarters thanks to the clever work of security consultant Bryan Seely . A business called Edward 's Snow Den has appeared in the US President 's headquarters . It is thought that Edward Snowden was living in a secret location in Russia . Nothing happens when the icon for it is clicked , but for a short while it was listed as a snowboard shop , open between 5 am and 11 pm , according to thenextweb.com . Several reviews appeared underneath the listing , including one which gave it a five star rating and described it as a ` great source of classified information ' . Mr Seely , from Seattle , told MailOnline that he created the fake listing during a TED Talk in Kirkland to demonstrate a flaw in Google Maps that could be exploited to cause more serious problems . He said : ` The point was to demonstrate how a year ago , I 'd shown the same type of flaw on Google and they have not fixed it . I wanted wanted to show it 's still broken , in a funny way . ` And anyone could do this without any special equipment or code . ' It follows claims that at least three terror groups plotting attacks against Britain have changed their communication methods since the leaks by Snowden . The Al Qaeda-linked networks have altered their tactics since the fugitive stole intelligence files from GCHQ and the US National Security Agency , according to a report . Extremist websites have also moved to protect their digital communications by releasing encryption programmes for followers , making it harder for extremists to be tracked down . Evidence of the harm done to intelligence agencies across the world after the former CIA contractor leaked 1.7 million classified documents in 2013 is compiled in the first comprehensive public analysis of the leaks by the Henry Jackson Society security think-tank . The Snowden files revealed details about covert attempts by agencies to view citizens ' private information by gathering internet histories , emails , text and call records and passwords . Now the Henry Jackson Society has found that at least three Al Qaeda affiliates are known to have altered their communications . The think-tank has also found other groups using human couriers instead of email and mobile phones . Edward Snowden is being ` exploited ' under a deal he made with the Russians to guarantee him asylum , a leading spy analyst has claimed . Mr Snowden may have been told not to speak out on Russian surveillance but continue attacking America in order to save himself from jail in the US , Andrei Soldatov said . He accused the former US spy of not being ` transparent ' and said he was being ` secretive ' about his arrangements with the Russian authorities . After Mr Snowden , 31 , revealed himself in June 2013 as the civilian CIA worker who stole a vast tranche of classified documents , he fled to Hong Kong and then Russia where he was given asylum . The decision by Russian President Vladimir Putin was seen as a snub to US President Barack Obama at a time when relations between the two countries are strained . But the details of the arrangement have never been made public , and Mr Snowden has never addressed them . Mr Soldatov , who runs a website which is an online watchdog of Mr Putin 's intelligence agencies , spoke out in an interview with the Daily Beast , a US news and culture website . Mr Soldatov is also an author , investigative journalist and analyst who has been working on the Russian security state for a decade . He said : ` I think there is some sort of a deal with the Russian authorities . ` It seems Snowden insisted that he 'd never be used by Russian propaganda . ` He never made it onto -LRB- Russian TV station -RRB- RT or other state media outlets and of course they would be happy to have him . ` He 's clearly being exploited - after all , many repressive measures on the Internet in Russia were presented to Russians as a response to Snowden 's revelations . ' Mr Snowden is still a wanted man in the US where , if he returns , he will face espionage charges that could see him jailed for life if convicted . The White House is one of the most heavily guarded buildings in the world . Jihadist websites also released three ` significant ' encryption programmes ` within a three - to five-month time frame of the leaks ' , meaning fanatics are harder to detect and encrypted emails take longer to decipher . Report author Robin Simcox said : ` The focus has been about the so-called mass surveillance by GCHQ and the NSA but these leaks have allowed extremist groups and jihadists to look at our capabilities -- what we can and ca n't do -- which has given them a great insight . ` At a time when the range of threats against the West has never been greater , with Yemen , Iraq , Syria , Somalia and Al Qaeda in Pakistan , it is astonishing the focus has been more on the shortcomings of our intelligence agencies and not the fact Snowden has helped terror suspects drop off the radar . ` He has caused severe damage to our ability to fight extremism . ' MI5 director general Andrew Parker has called the traitor 's actions a ` gift to terrorists ' .