She might be well into her eighth decade but Bette Carrouze , 78 , from Brighton , has no intention of hanging up her dancing shoes . Instead , the single mother of two is partying away her final years on Brighton 's gay scene and regularly emerges from clubs in the early hours of the morning . But her penchant for partying is n't entirely without its pitfalls , with the pensioner admitting that proffering a bus pass in the early hours while ` stinking of vodka ' can be a bit embarrassing . Party pensioner : Bette Carouze , 78 , loves all night parties and regularly enjoys nights out . Having fun : Bette adores gay clubs and frequently leaves in the early hours of the morning . ` You can start drinking at one , and it finishes at six and it 's a bit embarrassing getting on a bus with your bus pass - going home stinking of vodka , ' admits Mrs Carrouze . Mrs Carrouze , who lives in sheltered accommodation complete with pull-cords and assistance in case she falls over , says other pensioners are boring and spend their time complaining about sore knees and their false teeth . ` I 'm not your run of the mill pensioner even though I 've had my bus pass for 18 years , ' says Mrs Carrouze who usually hits the town with her friend Terry . ` I made a vow a few years back that when I reached 60 that I would grow old disgracefully and it 's quite nice to know that yes that 's happened . ` I do n't want to go back to ironing shirts and saying : `` Here 's your dinner darling '' . ' Partner in crime : Bette 's neighbour Terry -LRB- right -RRB- often joins her for nights out . Letting off steam : Bette says she is making up for all the hard work put in to raising her daughters alone . Support : Daughters Kim and Sue are both supportive of their mother 's party lifestyle . Daughters Kim and Sue are supportive of their mother 's lifestyle , even if Sue does like to crack the odd joke about it being time to swap cocktails for crocheting . ` I think the boys love her because she 's outrageous , stays out late , does all the things that she should n't do , ' she continues . ` She 's an exhibitionist which they love . ' ` I do n't go out every night of the week but whenever I go out I know I will walk into a bar , and it 's just fantastic , ' adds Mrs Carrouze . ` I absolutely dreaded being 40 - I thought `` that 's so old '' - but here I am two years off being 80 and thanking God for where I am and what I 'm doing . ' Having a good time : Bette says she is n't the ` run of the mill ' pensioner and has no intention of slowing down . Growing old disgracefully : Bette says she hoped to grow old disgracefully and says she is very happy .