Taxes will be £ 12billion a year higher under Labour than the Tories , independent experts warned yesterday -- equal to £ 1,052 for every working household . The Institute for Fiscal Studies said Ed Miliband 's ` vague ' promise to balance the books would allow Labour to borrow £ 90billion more than the Tories by 2020 . This would rise to £ 280billion in extra debt by the end of the next decade if Labour remained in power . Institute for Fiscal Studies said Ed Miliband 's ` vague ' promise to balance the books would allow Labour to borrow £ 90billion more than the Tories by 2020 and this would rise to £ 280b in extra debt by the next decade . David Cameron said the assessment showed Labour was ` a risk to our recovery , a risk to our economy , a risk to jobs ' The think-tank warned that Labour 's failure to control borrowing would leave Britain ` less well placed to deal with future adverse events ' , such as another recession or the costs of an ageing population . But it was also highly critical of the lack of detail in the Conservatives ' plans , saying the party had failed to spell out where it would find tens of billions of pounds in cuts . In a withering verdict , it said all the main parties were keeping voters ` in the dark ' about what they would do , adding : ` None of the parties has provided anything like full details of their fiscal plans for each year of the coming parliament . ' IFS director Paul Johnson said : ` All the parties have told us where they are going to increase spending on things like health , but none have said much about where the pain is going to fall . ' He said the gap between the parties ' plans was ` bigger than any time since 1992 ' -- giving voters a clear choice between more taxes , spending or borrowing . Conservative plans require Whitehall cuts of £ 30billion , while Labour could get away with savings of just £ 1billion . Carl Emmerson , deputy director of the IFS , added : ` The electorate has a real choice , although it can at best see only the broad outlines of that choice . ' The IFS said Labour 's plans were broadly compatible with those of its potential post-election partners in the SNP . The Scottish nationalists want to spend an extra £ 4billion on benefits . But in an unflattering assessment , the IFS said there was a ` significant disconnect ' between its anti-austerity rhetoric and its plans . Labour said the think-tank had made ` wrong assumptions ' about its plans . Ed Balls said : ` The IFS has confirmed that the Tories are committed to the most extreme spending plans of any political party , with bigger cuts than any other advanced economy in the next three years ' One in ten cancer sufferers need care at home but do not get any support , figures revealed today . It means there are around 160,000 cancer sufferers in the UK left housebound by a lack of support . The shocking statistics were released by Labour as they attacked the ` crisis ' in elderly care . Separate figures show three-quarters of councils are subjecting vulnerable pensioners to care visits lasting only 15 minutes . Labour said it would end ` time-limited ' 15-minute visits by changing the system of paying for care by taking into consideration all of a patient 's health needs , rather than costing them separately . The party is also committed to allowing the terminally ill with the ` greatest care needs ' to have the right to die in their own homes . The cancer figures were taken from a report by Macmillan cancer support which warned of sufferers left housebound , unable to wash or dress themselves -- even at risk of soiling themselves -- because of a lack of care . The Daily Mail has highlighted the scandal of hundreds of thousands of frail , elderly people facing ` clock-watch ' care visits with its Dignity for the Elderly campaign . Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt has said he is developing new commissioning standards which will discourage 15-minute visits . Mr Miliband has promised to balance day-to-day government spending by 2020 -- leaving Labour free to continue borrowing around £ 30billion a year for ` investment ' . By contrast , the Conservatives want to clear the deficit in three years and start paying off Britain 's £ 1.5 trillion debt mountain . David Cameron said the assessment showed Labour was ` a risk to our recovery , a risk to our economy , a risk to jobs ' . But the IFS also raised major questions about the Tories ' spending plans . It said they involved ` substantial and almost entirely unspecified spending cuts and tax increases ' , and warned they could mean ` further real cuts to unprotected departments of around £ 30billion ' . Tory plans for £ 12billion in welfare cuts have also not been spelled out in any detail . The IFS said the Lib Dems deserved a ` small tick ' for being the most transparent -- although they were also criticised for failure to spell out £ 12billion of planned spending cuts . Chancellor George Osborne said : ` Saving money means taking the difficult decisions so we reduce our debt and keep our economy out of crisis and on an even keel . ' But Mr Balls said : ` The IFS has confirmed that the Tories are committed to the most extreme spending plans of any political party , with bigger cuts than any other advanced economy in the next three years . ' Nick Clegg said it confirmed the Tories plan a ` cuts bombshell ' , adding : ` We will cut substantially less than the Conservative plan to cut many public services to the bone and borrow less than the reckless plan from Labour . ' All three of the main parties ' education spokesmen revealed they would have no problem with the next education secretary sending their children to private school . The BBC 's Daily Politics presenter Andrew Neil asked the trio if such a choice would be ` acceptable for an education secretary ' . Labour 's Tristram Hunt , who was privately educated , said : ` Yes . In certain circumstances . ' Two of his three children go to a state primary school in North London , with the third expected to go to the same school . But he has not ruled out switching them to independent schools . Privately educated Schools Minister David Laws -- who has no children -- immediately said ` yes ' to the question . And Education Secretary Nicky Morgan , who was privately educated but sends her son to a state primary school , replied : ` Yes , you do what 's right for the child . ' Ukip 's Jonathan Arnott and the Green Party 's James Humphreys also agreed there was no problem with a future education secretary sending their children private -- though Mr Arnott added it would be an ` indictment ' of the quality of state schools . Only 7 per cent of children in the UK are privately educated . Ukip has pledged to bring back grammar schools by converting some comprehensives , but Mrs Morgan said it would be a ` step backwards ' . The rare frankness about whether they would opt for a private education for their children is in stark contrast to the controversy sparked by Labour Left-winger Diane Abbott sending her son to the exclusive fee-paying City of London School . Miss Abbott had previously criticised Harriet Harman , now Labour 's deputy leader , for sending her children to a selective grammar school . Many politicians on the Left have managed to get their children into elite state schools . Both Tony Blair -- who converted to Catholicism after standing down -- and atheist Nick Clegg , bagged places at leading London Oratory for their children . Both men are married to Catholics .