This is the dramatic moment a caravan is totally destroyed after its impatient driver loses control while trying to overtake a lorry . The motorist attempted the dangerous manoeuvre on the A39 between Street and Glastonbury in Somerset on Tuesday morning after becoming stuck behind the HGV for several miles . The driver gambled on finally passing lorry driver , Nick Townley , at a set of lights but badly miscalculated as the road narrowed and lost control at 50mph . An impatient driver who attempted to overtake a lorry lost control and destroyed the caravan he was towing . The dramatic moment was captured on dash cam by the HGV driver that the motorist had tried to overtake . He swerved in front of the truck and his caravan whiplashed into a lamppost , smashing the rear into smithereens and spilling the contents across the road . The car ended on the opposite side of the road - forcing oncoming traffic to slam on their brakes - with what remained of the caravan still attached . The moment was captured on camera by a dash cam fitted to the cab of 49-year-old Mr Townley 's lorry . He had been slowly accelerating his 22-tonne truck to nearly 30mph when the collision happened and managed to perform an emergency stop inside just 20 yards . The driver had been stuck behind the 22-tonne lorry for several miles and gambled on overtaking after a set of traffic lights . But he appeared to misjudge the gap and collided with the front of the lorry 's cab . He swerved in front of the truck and his caravan whiplashed into a lamppost , smashing the rear into smithereens and spilling the contents across the road . The accident closed the road for several hours as police cleared up the debris and questioned the driver . Mr Townley , from Haverfordwest , Pembrokeshire , who has been an HGV driver for 24 years , said he was so shaken by the accident he had difficulty sleeping that night . He said : ` I was stopped at the lights and there was one car by the side of me , the red one . ` There was a box van behind me which had been there from the time just after I came off the M5 . ` We pulled off from the lights . As I was going through the gears the red car passed me . ` I looked in the mirror and saw the box van was not trying to pass ... but less than 8 to 10 seconds later I glanced in the mirror as something caught my attention . The lorry driver , Nick Townley , was so shaken by the accident he had difficulty sleeping that night . Mr Townley posted his dramatic footage on Facebook where scores of people condemned the caravan driver . ` This is when I hit the horn and the brakes as hard as I could . I stopped the lorry in around 20 yards and got up on the kerb as much as I dare . ` I was not trying to block him out as some people suggest - he came through the lights at about 50 mph . ' He posted his dramatic footage on Facebook where scores of people condemned the caravan driver . The accident closed the road for several hours as police cleared up the debris and questioned the driver . No one is thought to have been seriously injured in the crash .