If you sometimes get the feeling that good manners are in short supply these days then take heart from the boy who sent a handwritten apology to a bookstore after being sick there -- and included a Ben & Jerry 's gift card . The boy , 14-year-old Jack Cordero , from Portland , Oregon , vomited all over the floor of a Powell 's bookstore in the city in March . The manager said the mess was ` gigantic ' and had to clean it up , along with her assistant manager . Good manners : Jack Cordero , from Portland , wrote this sincere apology to staff at a bookstore after being sick . However , her spirits were raised when she received a handwritten apology about the vomit from the boy responsible , along with a gift card for ice cream . The letter , which arrived at Powell 's on April 1 and was marked ` attention barf cleaners ' , read : ` This Ben and Jerry 's card is for the people who cleaned up the throw-up of a kid on Friday 28 . ` I do n't know their names but I thank them a lot and I 'm sorry again for throwing up and hope you enjoy your ice cream . ' The manager of Powell 's bookstore in Portland -LRB- pictured -RRB- , was forced to clean up Jack 's vomit - but said his apology letter and gift card made her day . It was signed ` Jack , aka the kid that puked right next to the bathroom ' . Manager Jennifer Wicka told BuzzFeed that the mess was ` gigantic in diameter ' , perhaps stretching to about 12 feet , and that the apology made her day . She said : ` I opened it up and read it and it totally made my day . I 'm pretty grumpy about people and humanity . Oh man , some people are good . ' A picture of the envelope and letter was uploaded to Twitter by a friend of Ms Wicka 's , Liz Crain , and it subsequently went viral . Hundreds of people have since commented on Jack 's good nature . Writing on BuzzFeed , Caitlin Lindberg said : ` Jack your mama must be hella proud because you 're a good person , way to go on restoring faith in humanity man ! ' Margaret Thym , meanwhile , said that Jack ` is on his way to being a fantastic adult ' .