Ever wondered if your personality was decided at birth ? It turns out , the order in which you were born can not only have an effect on your personality , but also your chances of academic success . According to Canadian duo Mitchell Moffit and Greg Brown , from Toronto , who present an online science show , several theories suggest that where you are in your family determines who you are . Scroll down for video . -LRB- Pictured from left to right : Khloé , Kourtney and Kim Kardashian -RRB- . The Kardashians are a strong example of a large celebrity family where the siblings share very different personality traits . On AsapSCIENCE on YouTube , the pair discuss how being the first , middle , youngest , or an only child affects us . The personality traits are also supposedly affected by whether parents have high expectations and how strict they were . FIRST-BORNS . According to Mitchell and Brown , first-born children are expected to be higher academic achievers and more ambitious . They also have a stronger sense of responsibility and are generally more mature . -LRB- Pictured from left to right -RRB- Beyoncé and Kate Middleton are famous first-borns . Oldest children tend be ambitious and have strong leadership skills . They also tend to have better leadership skills than other birth orders . The explanation is because although they get a lot more affection and attention from their parents , their parents have higher expectations as the first child . This works as a self-fulfilling prophecy : if there are high expectations placed on you , you are more likely to want to work hard and live up to these expectations . -LRB- Pictured from left to right -RRB- Kim Kardashian and Madonna are famous middle-borns . Middle children tend to be co-operative and are more likely to be social butterflies . MIDDLE-BORNS . Middle-born children apparently tend to be more co-operative , flexible and sociable . They are also the birth order that are able to make and maintain friendships easily . This is due to the fact that as a middle-born child , there are n't the high expectations of the first child , nor the relaxed attitude accorded to the last child . As a result , they also tend to be less ambitious than their older brothers and sisters , and so will have a more relaxed attitude in life . As middle children receive less attention than their other siblings , they seek out relationships and friendships outside of their family , and can be social butterflies . -LRB- Pictured from left to right -RRB- Jennifer Lawrence and Angelina Jolie are famous youngest children . Last-borns tend to be charming and confident . LAST-BORNS . The video highlights how youngest children tend to be likeable and charming . Other traits they carry are that they are more creative than older siblings , and have a stronger sense of security and confidence . As their parents have already had other children , they tend to be a lot less strict and are a lot more lenient with their youngest children . Parents ' expectations will also be lower . As a result , youngest children will generally be less responsible and mature than older siblings , as they constantly feel like others will take the lead . -LRB- Pictured from left to right -RRB- Leonardo DiCaprio and Drew Barrymore are famous only-children . Only children tend to be creative and responsible . ONLY CHILD . Only children tend to be academically-able , creative and resourceful . They are also mature and responsible , and dislike disorder and like to be in control . Being a parent 's only child , expectations are always high , but unlike a first-born , they never need to fight for the attention of their parents . Not to mention , being in a household with only adults often leads the child to mature more quickly and copy the actions of the parents , rather than being moulded by siblings ' childish or youthful interests . But because they have never had to interact with siblings or companions of a similar age , they can have trouble relating to peers and can feel out of control when things in their life do n't go their way . The presenters of the video highlight that these are just theories relating to order of birth . They add that gender , social status , age gaps between siblings and the number of siblings can play a huge role in determining traits . Moffit and Brown reiterate : ` Some aspects may be true for you , or make a lot of sense , but it would n't be the same for every single person around the world in your specific birth order . ` It 's important to remember that your personality and your destiny in life is not predetermined at birth . '