An Australian teenager has told how she was raped twice on Christmas Eve in Bali while holidaying with her family - and has slammed Indonesian police for letting her attacker escape back to his native Nigeria . Audrey Pekin , 19 , says she was attacked by a man , Henry Alafu , who she had met with other friends a few days earlier when he lured her to his remote home - and then assaulted her again in a taxi as she tried to flee . According to Channel 9 's A Current Affair , the pair began drinking together at the Bounty Bar in Kuta , before moving to the nearby Sky Garden to continue the night . Scroll down for video . Audrey Pekin has detailed the alleged rape and attack she suffered while on a Christmas holiday to Bali with her family . Alafu lured Ms Pekin back to where his property away from the bustling tourist centre of the city , and brutally raped her on two separate occasions . Alafu told Ms Pekin a party was taking place a nearby villa , and the pair agreed to go to it together . According to ACA , during in taxi ride to the home , Ms Pekin began to feel unwell due to her type 1 diabetes . Once they arrived at the house , she was not put off by the lack of noticeable noise that suggested there was no party taking place , because her illness made it ` impossible to think ' , she told the show . Inside the house , Alafu locked the door and forced Ms Pekin to the bed where he allegedly attacked her . ` He went from a man to a monster , ' Ms Pekin said . ` I ca n't quite describe the feeling , the sadness , to know what was about to happen and that I would or could not have done anything to stop it . ` I was literally shaking and drooling ... I threw some very feeble punches , but I could not move my arms ... I could not move anything . ' After the first alleged attack , Ms Pekin said she desperately tried to escape . Alafu then followed her , and tormented her as she struggled to flee . She sought help from passing motorists and workers in a nearby service station , but Alafu allegedly told staff to ignore her and ` to stay out of it ' , the show reported . Ms Pekin believed she was safe when a cab picked her up , only for Alafu to force his way into the cab and again allegedly rape her . Henry Alafu is the man the Pekin family believed attacked their daughter . CCTV footage captured Alafu waiting in the lobby for Ms Pekin , as she stopped at the hotel before they continued with their night out . It was before the alleged attack took place . ` He kept trying to kiss me ... he molested me in the back of the taxi for everyone , for the taxi driver , to see , ' she claimed . ` He would n't stop . ' Ms Pekin escaped the cab when it got back into the city of Kuta , when Alafu stalked after her again . ` He loped after me ... he was laughing - he was taunting me , ' she told ACA . It was only after another man , believed to be a fellow Australian , saw Ms Pekin was distressed and stepped in to help her . Ms Pekin said she tried to escaped from her alleged attacker by getting a cab back into the middle of Kuta , but he forced his way into the back of the car and allegedly raped her a second time . ` I wish I could find that man ... he deserves a medal , that man saved my life , ' Ms Pekin said . Ms Pekin 's sister , Frances , discovered her on the floor of her hotel room hours later . ` She was n't even on the bed - she was next to the bed crying , shaking ... in that moment I knew something , the worst had happened , ' Frances Pekin said , according to the report . The family rushed Ms Pekin to hospital , where doctors found her entire body covered in bruises . ` He was crushing me , he nearly suffocated me ... He could have killed me , ' Ms Pekin said . ` It 's so hard to get justice here , ' Dawn Pekin -LRB- left -RRB- said . ` Men like him will cross path with many women . Do n't think it ca n't happen to you ' The 19-year-old then had a ` virginity test ' at Sanglah Hospital , which she said was similar to a ` third assault ' . ` The test was horrible , It was invasive ... It was painful . ' The test not only confirmed to police Ms Pekin had been raped , but it also revealed she had contracted a sexually transmitted infection in the attack . The Pekin family 's torment was worsened by the fact the alleged predator was allowed to escape the country , and remains on-the-run . Alafu lured Ms Pekin back to where his property away from the bustling tourist centre of the city , and brutally raped her on two separate occasions , according to ACA . A number of Facebook posts by Alafu , under a different name , including a picture he uploaded of the two together the night before , led to the Pekins family to believe it ` evident ' he was the man who allegedly attacked their daughter . Police were in possession of Alafu 's phone number , Facebook profile and current address , but the Pekin family says they did not do enough . ` It 's just so hard to know what to do , ' Ms Pekin 's father , Karl , said . ` It 's incredibly frustrating ... They could have picked him up - he was still a threat . ` It 's clear who he was , clear where he was , so we do n't know why he was n't picked up . ' It was not until January 12 , 18 days after the alleged attack , an attempt to arrest the Nigerian national . ` We 're terrified . He 's still free - we do n't know if he is going to rock up on our doorstep , ' Ms Pekin said . Four of Alafu 's friends were arrested in a raid on the property on January 14 , however it is believed he had escaped by that point . Police tracking revealed his phone was later used in Jakarta before being deactivated . His Facebook account was later opened from Nigeria . The Pekin family was paid more than $ 14,000 in legal fees over four days to proceed with the case . ` I think Bali is a lawless country , ' Ms Pekin said . ` It has laws when it feels like it . ' Police were in possession of Alafu 's phone number , Facebook profile and current address . The family also called on the Australian government to help bring their daughter 's attacker to justice . ` The Indonesian authorities have asked us why the AFP has n't done anything , and it 's a good question , ' Mr Pekin said . The AFP said it did not have jurisdiction in the case , according to A Current Affair . According to the report , the Department of Foreign Affairs said it supplied comprehensive consular assistance to the family , but would not comment on an active investigation . ` It 's incredibly frustrating ... They could have picked him up - he was still a threat . ` It 's clear who he was , clear where he was , so we do n't know why he was n't picked up , ' Mr Pekin said . The Pekin family said the country 's lax policing of the problem means it is only a matter of time before another similar attack occurs . ` If you can rape a woman in Bali and just walk straight out of the country , that 's not a deterrent , that 's an invitation , ' Dawn Pekin told the program . ` Either you get a cheap holiday , or you can have a safe one , ' the 19-year-old Ms Pekin said . ` You ca n't have both . ' Interpol was notified last week that Alafu is a wanted man . The Pekins are currently waiting for Interpol to issue a red notice for his arrest , which would allow the Australian government to push for Mr Alafu 's arrest . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .