AP McCoy has urged the nation to follow his Aintree dream as he chases the fairytale end to his extraordinary career . Retirement beckons for McCoy , champion jockey every year since he first won the title in 1997 , and he will stop riding immediately if his mount Shutthefrontdoor wins the £ 1million Crabbie 's Grand National on Saturday . AP McCoy celebrates Grand National victory on Do n't Push It in 2010 . Shutthefrontdoor , trained by Jonjo O'Neill , will be the subject of an avalanche of emotional support and many once-a-year punters will pin their hopes on McCoy delivering a result like he did in 2010 when he won this famous race on Do n't Push It . In a perfect world , the National will finish with McCoy standing high in his irons celebrating but he , more than anyone , knows nothing is guaranteed in a sport as unpredictable as jump racing . It wo n't , however , stop the 40-year-old hoping his script has a glorious finale . ` I 'm a dreamer , ' said McCoy , who announced his plans to retire in February . ` I 'm a believer -- I always have been . McCoy seeks to end record-breaking career with victory on Shutthefrontdoor in the Grand National . ` If everyone has gone to bed thinking the dream will happen , I can promise you nobody has been dreaming more than me . In some ways , I regret making the announcement to retire when I did . I 've thought to myself I should have just kept quiet . But in other ways I think it has been good . ` If it 's created publicity for racing and helped get interest in the sport , so much the better . ` Racing has been good to me and if this has been me giving something back , great . If people are putting money on Shutthefrontdoor in the hope I win for the fairytale , let me assure them nobody will be wanting me to win more than I do . People talk about me having ridden more winners than anyone else but I 've also ridden more losers than anyone else . A thank you message board to retiring jockey McCoy on display at Aintree . ` I 've had 19 goes at this race and won once , so that gives you an idea of what it is going to be like . ' The last time a horse carried such goodwill was when Frankel , trained by the late Sir Henry Cecil , won the Champions Stakes at Ascot in October 2012 . Mention of that brought a wry smile from McCoy . ` I wish it was as straightforward as running around a couple of bends at Ascot ! ' he said . ` I 've got 30 fences and 38 other horses in my way ! But , listen , I 'm a positive person and that is never going to change . Let 's hope the dream can happen . ' McCoy has vowed to end his career immediately should he land the £ 1million race for a second time .