Tim Cook may have described the Apple Watch as ` the most personal device we 've ever created ' but reports claim the gadget does n't tolerate some individual 's tattoos . Owners of the coveted watch have found the timepiece 's sensors malfunction when worn on tattooed wrists . Dark , vibrant ink seems to cause the watch 's heart rate monitor to lose connection and give inaccurate readings . Scroll down for video . Some owners of the Apple Watch have found that it malfunctions if worn on tattooed wrists -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Some dark , vibrant ink seems to cause the watch 's heart sensor to lose connection and give inaccurate readings . The issue first came to light on Reddit and Twitter where a number of users reported similar issues , such as having to repeatedly enter a password to unlock the phone . This is required every time the device detects it has left a wearer 's wrist . Tests suggest that tattoos in dark and solid colours interfere with the device the most . This is because the heart sensor reads a pulse by measuring light absorption though the skin - a process called photoplethysmography . ` This technology , while difficult to pronounce , is based on a very simple fact : Blood is red because it reflects red light and absorbs green light , Apple wrote on its support page . ` Apple Watch uses green LED lights paired with light‑sensitive photodiodes to detect the amount of blood flowing through your wrist at any given moment . ` When your heart beats , the blood flow in your wrist - and the green light absorption - is greater . Between beats , it 's less . ` By flashing its LED lights hundreds of times per second , Apple Watch can calculate the number of times the heart beats each minute - your heart rate . ' It is thought that red and green inks reflect light in a similar way and the sensor ca n't distinguish between the blood and tattoo . It appears the pigmented ink of some tattoos affects the watch 's sensor 's ability to read an individual 's heart rate , which in turn leads the watch to think it has stopped making contact with the skin . Apple has yet to comment on the problem , despite there being speculation that the apparent fault could also stop some people using Apple Pay . Tests conducted by iMore suggest that tattoos in dark and solid colours interfere with the device the most . This is because the heart sensor reads a pulse by measuring light absorption though the skin - a process called photoplethysmography . ` This technology , while difficult to pronounce , is based on a very simple fact : Blood is red because it reflects red light and absorbs green light , Apple writes on its support page . ` Apple Watch uses green LED lights paired with light‑sensitive photodiodes to detect the amount of blood flowing through your wrist at any given moment . ` When your heart beats , the blood flow in your wrist - and the green light absorption - is greater . Between beats , it 's less . ` By flashing its LED lights hundreds of times per second , Apple Watch can calculate the number of times the heart beats each minute - your heart rate . So the problem seems to occur when a wearer has something on their skin that reduces the lights reflectiveness , such as ink under the skin 's surface . It appears that the pigmented ink of some tattoos affects the watch 's sensor 's -LRB- illustrated -RRB- ability to read an individual 's heart rate , which in turn leads the watch to think it 's stopped making contact with skin . Reddit user guine55fan thought his 42 mm Sport edition watch had a bad wrist detector sensor beacuse it locked every time the screen went dark and wouldn ; r receive notifications . He tried holsing it against his hand , which unlike his wrists and arm , are n't tattooed . ` My hand is n't tattooed and the Watch stayed unlocked , ' he wrote . ` Once I put it back on the area that is tattooed with black ink the watch would automatically lock again . ' The user has told Apple about the problem who tried to solve the problem , but are also reporting it to their engineers . This does n't include natural skin pigmentation . iMore tested the watch 's sensors on tattooed and non-tattooed parts of wrists , as well as elsewhere on the body and found that on non-inked parts , the sensors gave uniformed readings . However , ` on tattooed sections , sensor readings varied wildly depending on colours and shading , ' Serenity Caldwell reported . She said solid colours in darker inks such as black and red ` confused ' the sensor the most , causing misreadings of up to 196 beats per minute -LRB- BPM -RRB- , for example . The average heart rate is 72 BPM . Tests on lighter colours such as purple and yellow caused slightly elevated misreadings of 80 BPM , compared to 69 BPM on the wearer 's non-tattooed wrist , but did n't interfere with skin contact detection , unlike with darker shades of ink . The team was unable to reproduce problems reported on Twitter of light , but patterned tattoos creating errors , leading them to conclude that the design and type of tattoo makes a difference in how well the watch works . Apple has yet to comment on ` tattoo-gate ' but admits on its support page that ` many factors ' can affect the performance of the Apple Watch heart rate monitor . ` Skin perfusion is one , ' it says . ` A fancy way of describing how much blood flows through your skin , skin perfusion varies significantly from person to person and can also be impacted by the environment . ` If you 're exercising in the cold , for example , the skin perfusion in your wrist may be too low for the heart rate sensor to get a reading . ' Apple said that motion is another factor . ` Rhythmic movements , such as running or cycling , give better results compared to irregular movements , like tennis or boxing . ' The sapphire glass screen in the Apple Watch has remained scratch-free after being subjected to being rubbed with sandpaper , keyed and even hit with a hammer . The test was carried out by Cardiff-based iPhone repairs specialist iPhoneFixed.co.uk , which used a sapphire screen from a 38 mm Apple Watch for its experiment . Two out of the three models of Apple Watches have sapphire glass screens - the Apple Watch and Apple Watch Edition . The glass is made from synthetic sapphire , which is created by applying heat and pressure to aluminium oxide powder , before the crystals are processed to remove impurities . The tiny round disks created are ground into shape , and polished , to become glass . Sapphire glass is said to be twice as tough as normal glass and almost as hard as a diamond . To test the durability of the screen , it was rubbed against a stone wall and then with a coin , before being ` scratched ' by a key . The video capturing the attempts at destruction , shows no scratches were achieved to the screen . It also withstood being rubbed with abrasive sandpaper at some force and hit by a hammer -- albeit not very hard . But most impressive , was the screen 's ability to withstand an electric drill being dragged across its surface , without leaving a mark . The test led iPhoneFixed to claim : ` Sapphire glass is pretty strong and virtually impossible to scratch ' .