An Iowa lottery worker is accused of manipulating the system to try and collect a $ 14.3 million payday . Eddie Raymond Tipton , 51 , of Norwalk , Iowa , was originally charged with two felony counts of fraud when he was arrested in January for illegally playing the lottery and having a friend collect his prize , but now prosecutors say he used an intricate system to make sure he would win . They argue he installed a self-destructing hack program to make sure the Random Number Generator selected his number in December 2010 , and that he tampered with security cameras in the building so he would not be caught installing the program . Scroll down for video . Eddie Raymond Tipton -LRB- above -RRB- of Norwalk , Iowa was charged with two felony counts of fraud for illegally playing the lottery . Now prosecutors believe the Iowa lottery worker used an intricate hack to ensure his numbers were drawn by the system . ` There is sufficient evidence for a jury to reasonably conclude from the evidence that Defendant tampered with lottery equipment , ' prosecutors wrote in their filing according to Lottery Post . His trial had been due to start Monday but defense lawyers asked for it to be delayed to they could examine the new evidence . Authorities had been trying to identify the winner of the $ 14.3 million Hot Lotto ticket since a New York lawyer tried to claim the prize shortly before the one-year deadline in 2011 . When attorney Crawford Shaw tried to claim the jackpot with the winning ticket in his hands , lottery officials confirmed the ticket was valid , but they refused to pay because Shaw would n't name anyone involved with the purchase and handling of the ticket . He later withdrew the claim and said he did n't know the winner 's identity . Then , authorities released a convenience store video in October which purported to show the mystery winner , in an attempt to help identify him , at which point a former co-worker of Tipton 's subsequently contacted authorities and tipped them off . Detectives then analyzed the ticket purchaser 's voice in the video and matched a license plate in the parking lot of the convenience store to Tipton . Authorities say Tipton contacted two men in Texas asking for help to claim the jackpot anonymously . It was only after he was arrested that police began to look into whether or not he had tampered with any equipment , at which point they claim it became clear he had used his computer skills to make certain he won . Tipton reportedly told a coworker he had created a root kit shortly before he won the lottery , a self-destructing program that can do anything and then disappear without a trace . As for why he is never seen on the security camera installing this kit , prosecutors claim the cameras were programmed to change the way they record that day , and that Tipton was one of five people that could do this . Furthermore , the four other individuals will testify they did not manipulate the security cameras . Tipton 's lawyer has said all these claims are impossible , and that his client did not hack the system . Robert Clark Rhodes , who tried to claim the ticket , was arrested in March and also charged with two counts of fraud .