Fulham will sound out Brentford manager Mark Warburton about taking over at Craven Cottage with owner Shahid Khan planning to release a budget of £ 20million to spend on new players . The Championship strugglers are deliberating over the future of Kit Symons who replaced Felix Magath in September but has won only one of his last eight games . Khan , a billionaire who also owns NFL franchise Jacksonville Jaguars in America , has given his new chief football officer Mike Rigg the power to choose Fulham 's next manager and he is looking at different options despite a good personal relationship with Symons . Fulham will sound out Brentford manager Mark Warburton about taking over at Craven Cottage . Warburton 's impressive record at west London rivals Brentford has made him a leading contender alongside Ipswich Town manager Mick McCarthy . Warburton got Brentford promoted from League One and they have been surprise play-off contenders in The Championship this season doing the league double over Fulham along the way . It has already been announced he will be leaving The Bees at the end of the season with QPR also interested in his services along with assistant David Weir . But Rangers , who have 14 players out of contract and face a huge fine if they are relegated , wo n't have the same spending power to offer Warburton as The Cottagers . Waburton -LRB- right -RRB- signals to his players during Brentford 's 1-1 draw with Derby County on Saturday . Symons wants to be given the chance of signing his own players and having a full season at Craven Cottage with them , but recent results are going against him . Fulham are conscious of FPP rules and with parachute payments from the Premier League due to run out , they feel the next transfer window may be the last opportunity to spend big to get them back into the top flight . West Ham manager Sam Allardyce could also be a shock contender with Khan prepared to invest to get Fulham back in the Premier League . Allardyce 's current deal at Upton Park runs out in the summer but he would like to stay in London . Meanwhile , FA Cup semi-finalists Aston Villa have joined West Brom in the chase for Wolves winger Bakary Sako who is a free agent at the end of the season . The Championship strugglers are deliberating over the future of Kit Symons -LRB- centre -RRB- .