They may be known as masters of disguise , but this little owl could n't conceal his jealousy as he desperately tried to interrupt a brotherly cuddle between his two siblings . As his two siblings settled down to have a rest on their tiny perch , the needy owlet was spotted tactfully creeping along a tree branch before tugging at one of his brother 's wing . The little owl 's sibling rivalry then gets the better of him , as he swoops under his sibling 's wing , prompting an amusing game of tug-of-war . The scene was photographed from just six metres away by 48-year-old Dean Mason who hid away in a camouflaged shelter , known as a hide , in Beaconsfield , Buckinghamshire . He said : ` The three siblings are doing exactly what siblings do - playing combined with the odd argument . ' He added : ` Every time I capture something unusual , my heart pounds . I feel such an adrenalin rush whilst at the same time hoping I 've made the right choice of camera settings . ' The birds are small owls , a species which typically measures 22 cm tall . The bird was introduced to the UK in the 19th century and is most common in central , southern and south eastern England . Perched : A little owl gazes in envy as his two siblings huddle together on a small tree branch in Beaconsfield , Buckinghamshire . Ruffling feathers : As he starts moving towards the pair , the nearer sibling cowers under his brother 's wing , turning his back away from the bird . Gentle touch : But the little owl 's sibling rivalry gets the better of him , as he start pulling at his sibling 's wing with one small claw . Sibling affection : The bird then creeps closer to his sibling , before slowly pecking at one of their ears . The little owls were photographed by sales manager Dean Mason , 49 . Tug of war : The bird continues to gently pull at his sibling 's wing , prompting an amusing game of tug-of-war . Mr Mason observed the owls from just six metres away by waiting inside a camouflaged shelter known as a hide . Getting in a flap : The determined bird then sneaks under its sibling 's wing . The small owl typically measures 22 cm tall . Owl get you in the end : The little owl finally decides to dive in head first - much to the visible shock of his siblings .