As efforts continue to rescue survivors from beneath the mounds of rubble across Kathmandu , the grieving Nepalese nation has begun the grim and daunting task of cremating the thousands of victims who were killed during Saturday 's devastating earthquake . With the death toll now standing at more than 4,000 , mass cremations have been taking place next to the Bagmati river , the waterway which divides the Nepalese capital , as mourning families attempt to give their loved one the honourable send-off so revered in Hindu tradition . Today , plumes of white , acrid smoke could be seen floating across Kathmandu , as hundreds of bodies were burned in the ghats beside the river . Around these ceremonies , families gathered , wailing in grief for their loved ones . Scores of dead children were wrapped in orange and gold cloth on the ground , as their relatives prayed for their souls in heartbreaking desperation . Scroll down for video . Honouring the dead : Volunteers are facing the daunting task of burning the bodies of earthquake victims following the tremor on Saturday . Flames : Family members stand next to the burning pyre of a family member at a cremation ground following the devastating earthquake . Despite the sheer number of victims , mourning families are desperate to give their loved one the honourable send-off so revered in the Hindu tradition . Mass : The cremations , which have been non-stop for three days , have been taking place next to the Bagmati river which divides Kathmandu . ` People are conducting the last rites wherever they can and without following the proper rituals , ' a witness told IANS . Today , plumes of white smoke could be seen floating across Kathmandu , as hundreds of bodies were burned in the ghats beside the river . Almost every available space along the Bagmati river 's banks and on its sandbank islands had been taken by the pyres . Running out : The wood necessary to build the thousands of pyres which are used to burn the dead has started to run out . Family members carry a body as they take it for burial today in Kathmandu . The search operation to find survivors is still continuing . Around these ceremonies , families gathered , wailing in grief for their loved ones . Scores of dead children were wrapped in orange and gold cloth on the ground , as their loved ones prayed for their souls in heartbreaking desperation . The bodies of victims from the earthquake that hit Nepal and surrounding countries lie on the ground before being cremated . Meanwhile , corpses continued to line the streets of the city , lying among three-day-old debris still evident from the tremor which wreaked havoc through the Himalayan region . As the death toll surpassed 4,000 , there began to be a desperate shortage of the wood used to build the pyres . Some 250 kg of wood is needed for each individual cremation . The areas where cremation rites can take place are also in short supply . Despite more being designated along the river to accommodate the earthquake victims , relatives are still jostling for space along the banks and are having to conduct the ceremonies in whatever tiny space they can find . ` People are conducting the last rites wherever they can and without following the proper rituals , ' a witness told IANS . The sacred Hindu Pashupatinath Temple is also becoming increasingly unable to cope with the overwhelming influx of bodies . A boy cries over the body of his father at a cremation ground . Rescue efforts are still ongoing to track down survivors from the quake . A body is covered with a blanket close to the scene of a multi-cremation process at Bhaktapur , Nepal . The body of one of the victims is laid on the banks of the river , ready for cremation , covered in a blanket and bank notes . Relatives of a victim who died in Saturday 's earthquake mourn and say prayers before their loved one 's body is cremated along the river . A woman weeps and raises a hand to her head as she watches the cremation of a loved one at the Pashupatinath temple in Kathmandu . Family members comfort one another during one of the services at the temple . The temple has been overwhelmed with the number of dead bodies . A young woman breaks down in tears during the cremation of an earthquake victim , near Kathmandu . The tremor struck on Saturday . Some 500 bodies have been arriving at the temple per day , compared to the usual daily average of around 30 . Monika Basnet , 15 , hold her brother Munal , 10 , during the cremation of their father at Pashupatinath temple . He was one of the thousands of people who were killed in Saturday 's earthquake . Since the tremor rocked the Nepali capital on Saturday , 500 bodies have been arriving per day at the temple , compared to their usual daily average of around 30 . Volunteers have been arriving at the temple to help decorate the bodies and comfort the mourners . The magnitude-7.8 quake was the worst to hit Nepal in eight decades and caused damage and fatalities in neighbouring countries . It destroyed swathes of the oldest neighborhoods in Kathmandu and was strong enough to be felt all across parts of India , Bangladesh , Tibet and Pakistan . Since Saturday , rescuers , some wearing face masks to keep out the dust , have been scrambling over mounds of splintered timber and broken bricks in the hope of finding survivors . Some have used their bare hands to fill small white buckets with dirt and rock . This afternoon , the death toll reached 4,000 . A woman cries as the body of her relative is prepared for cremation along the river bank in the devastated Nepalese capital . Volunteers have been arriving to help decorate the bodies , comfort the mourners and pray for the souls of the dead . They have also been carrying out the cremations . A man stands next to the burning pyre of a family member at an overwhelmed cremation ground in Bhaktapur , near Kathmandu . The magnitude-7.8 quake was the worst to hit Nepal in eight decades and caused damage and fatalities in neighbouring countries . Relatives of a quake victim clutch onto one another in heartbreaking silence as they watch their loved one being cremated in Kathmandu . Meanwhile , overwhelmed authorities are trying to cope with a shortage of drinking water and food , as well as the threat of disease . The sick and wounded were lying out in the open in Kathmandu , unable to find beds in the devastated city 's hospitals . Surgeons set up an operating theatre inside a tent in the grounds of Kathmandu Medical College . And high in the Himalayas , hundreds of climbers were staying put at the Mount Everest base camp where a huge avalanche after the earthquake killed 17 people in the single worst disaster to hit the world 's highest mountain . A desperate helicopter rescue mission was under way today , with one British mountaineer there speaking of a ` race against time ' to pluck around 120 people to safety as food runs out .