It 's legal just one day a year , and this Anzac Day Australians took advantage of the opportunity to play the century-old tradition of two-up in pubs and clubs all around the country . The game , which dates back to Australia 's goldfields and the first recorded games are believed to have taken place in the late 1790s , made a resurgence as a way to pass time in the trenches . On Saturday , as Aussies commemorated the centenary of the landing at Gallipoli , thousands of men and women took their chances with the coin game in the spirit of the diggers . After participating in dawn services and memorial services to remember the sacrifice and bravery of those who landed at Gallipoli in 1915 , and to honour all other active and returned servicemen and women , the crowds wandered down to their local RSL or pub to take part in the game of chance . Up and down the country men and women , most with a beverage in hand , were yelling ` heads ' or ` tails ' as coins were thrown in the air . While the game is considered a form of gambling and is illegal at all other times , two-up is allowed on ANZAC Day across Returned Servicemen League clubs -LRB- RSL -RRB- and pubs . Versions vary between the original two-coined game -LRB- with three outcomes -RRB- and three-coined version -LRB- with two outcomes -RRB- , the latter preferred by many venues prefer for ease of betting between punters . Wagering expert Damian Deguara , who writes for website The Great Tip Off , told Daily Mail Australia that : ` It 's that one time of the year when the law permits men and women across this great country of ours to follow in the footsteps of our brave Aussie diggers and keep to the old gambling tradition . ' ` Two Up is a pretty simple game , all you need are coins , a wooden stick -LRB- the kip -RRB- to flip them into the air and a crowd of screaming punters yelling `` heads '' or `` tails '' . ` Most punters have their corner , you are either a heads punter , a tails punter or someone who goes with either depending on your intuition . ' Scroll down for video . This Anzac Day Australians took advantage of the opportunity to play the century-old tradition of two-up in pubs and clubs all around the country . Crowds at the Australian Hotel Rocks to play two-up - two pennies are placed on a paddle and tossed in the air - frantic bets are part of the game . The game , which dates back to Australia 's goldfields and the first recorded games are believed to have taken place in the late 1790s . A two-up participant mourns after losing a two-up bet on Anzac Day . Up and down the country men and women , most with a beverage in hand , were yelling ` heads ' or ` tails ' as coins were thrown in the air . Once an illegal form of gambling , the game has been legalised in few casinos in Australia and across the country in pubs and RSLs only on Anzac Day . Australian Army soldiers playing two-up : scenes of Army life in Australia during World War II . Versions vary between the original two-coined game -LRB- with three outcomes -RRB- and three-coined version -LRB- with two outcomes -RRB- . Crowds at the Australian Hotel Rocks were some of hundreds to play two-up on Saturday . As Aussies commemorated the centenary of the landing at Gallipoli , thousands of men and women took their chances with the coin game in the spirit of the diggers . The kip is a small piece of wood which pennies are placed on before they are thrown into the air for punters to bet on . To bet on HEADS you touch your head , the ` Spinner ' -LRB- one who tosses -RRB- is made to do pushups if the bet is lost . During World War II , a game of two-up could last for two or three hours to pass the time .