Whether it 's a greasy spoon in his hometown or one of the world 's most celebrated attractions for tourists , TripAdvisor 's most prolific reviewer is going to write about it . American expat Brad Reynolds has become the travel website 's top contributor , writing more than 3,300 reviews and uploading nearly 40,000 photos in just five years . The 38-year-old critiques every hotel , restaurant and landmark he visits on holiday and in his current home of Hong Kong , providing opinion and travel tips that have been read by millions of travellers around the world . Scroll down for video . Brad Reynolds , pictured at India 's Taj Mahal , is TripAdvisor 's most active user with 66,000 contributions in just five years . The 38-year-old , who now lives in Hong Kong , gave a five-star review of ` amazing ' Pushkar , India after attending its camel fair . Originally from Edmond , Oklahoma , Brad and his wife , Jill , are avid travellers -- taking about four ` sizeable ' trips every year , in addition to weekend trips to places such as Macau . Posting under the username BradJill , Brad averages nearly two reviews a day and has made more than 66,000 contributions to the website , including 3,355 reviews , 21,000 forum posts and seven videos . He has posted reviews from 394 cities and 46 countries , with a map on his TripAdvisor profile claiming he has travelled more than 600,000 miles and visited a third of the world . A good number of his reviews have been written for attractions in Hong Kong , Macau and London , where Brad and Jill lived for a few years before moving to Asia . Russia is one of the roughly 80 countries the Oklahoma native has visited -LRB- pictured : Hermitage Museum in Saint Petersburg , Russia -RRB- . Brad Reynolds had nothing but good things to write after visiting this Three Rondavels viewing platform in South Africa . Writing critiques has become an almost daily hobby for Brad , with each one taking anywhere from 20 to 60 minutes to complete . While some people collect stamps or create scrapbooks , he gets his kicks from helping fellow travellers and preserving his travel memories . Brad , a director at an English language learning centre , told MailOnline Travel : ` We were just like most people and we just lurked on the website for several years before signing up . ` Travel is a very important hobby for us and we spend a lot of time researching and we take a lot of notes . When I get back and start writing reviews it becomes more of a daily habit . ` Part of reviewing is a little bit selfish for me . I like recording my travel memories . I used to do a travel journal , but that has been replaced by reviews . ` What I 'm hoping to accomplish with the community is to try to put notes together that help people to make informed decisions on their own to determine if they want to see certain things or eat at a certain restaurant . ' So far Brad Reynolds has given just 12 one-star -LRB- ` terrible ' -RRB- ratings , and he has handed out five-star reviews to top attractions . Brad , pictured at New Zealand 's Franz Josef Glacier , writes an average of nearly two reviews a day , spending up to an hour on each one . This map on Brad Reynolds ' TripAdvisor profile claims he has visited 34 per cent of the world and travelled more than 600,000 miles . So far he has given just 12 one-star -LRB- ` terrible ' -RRB- ratings , including a café in Thames , New Zealand , which served a ` very bad milkshake ' and a Hong Kong burger joint that made a ` terrible hamburger served at premium prices ' . Brad wrote that the thick chocolate milkshake , priced at nz $ 4.50 , at Bayon Expresso was ` the single worst milkshake I can remember ' , describing the ` disgusting ' concoction as a ` highly liquid and odd-textured drink ' that was ` the polar opposite of thick ' . He was just as unforgiving with his review of the hk $ 100 burger at The Butchers Club , writing that the fast-food favourite was ` a disaster ' thanks to a patty that was ` devoid of any natural beef juice or flavour ' and ` terrible ingredients ' . Some of his two-star -LRB- ` poor ' -RRB- reviews include Speakers ' Corner at London 's Hyde Park -LRB- asking in his review ` How long will places like this remain relevant in the future ? ' -RRB- and the New York Stock Exchange -LRB- ` Have a look at the facade and side entrance and move along ' -RRB- . Brad and Jill are deeply passionate about travelling the world and say they go on holiday ` as much as humanly possible ' Writing critiques has become an almost daily hobby for Brad , with each one taking anywhere from 20 to 60 minutes to complete . But Brad has handed out plenty of five-star ratings for everything from London 's Tower Bridge and the Smithsonian American Art Museum in Washington , DC to the Berlin Philharmonic and Budapest 's Liberty Bridge . And no destination or cafe is off-limits . He has written reviews for a Nando 's in London , a Starbucks in Hong Kong and a McDonald 's in Dubai , which he gave a ` poor ' rating , writing that his Sausage Egg McMuffin was ` quite poor in food quality , even by McDonald 's international standards ' . Brad joined TripAdvisor in 2009 , but did n't write his first review until 2010 when he and Jill , a doctor , were touring Saint Petersburg , Russia and were motivated to write a positive review after eating a ` delicious ' slice of cheesecake at a restaurant . Despite devoting countless hours to his reviews he has n't developed any fatigue . He said he tries to make his reviews as informative as possible , but is n't afraid to give a one-star rating if the hotel , restaurant or attraction was n't up to snuff . He also does n't regret any of the things he has written , adding : ` We do n't do a lot of cheerleading and we try to keep the emotions out of the reviews . Brad estimates that he will write as many as 150 reviews based on the couple 's recent two-week holiday in Italy . Brad and his wife , Jill , have travelled to exotic destinations around the world , including rice terraces outside Sagada , Philippines . ` When I write a review I try to be more objective and informative and highlight the things that will be more important to the people who will visit . ` There are times when things fail to meet the expectations I might have of them but I do n't tend to slam them unless it 's a very , very bad experience . ' This spring the couple toured Italy , stopping in Rome , Florence and Venice during their two-week holiday . Brad , who has visited about 80 countries and has lived in Hong Kong for nine years , estimates that he will write as many as 150 reviews based on their experiences at hotels , restaurants , museums , churches and piazzas in Italy . Despite devoting countless hours to his reviews Brad is n't fatigued ; he said he tries to make his reviews as informative as possible . The number of reviews he writes ultimately depends on the destination . If it 's a big city , he will likely have dozens of places to write about . But when they visited a game reserve in South Africa the review count was low . Brad does n't pay much attention to the word count , as the length of each review varies . He said : ` If it 's a museum like the British Museum it 's going to be longer with tips and advice for other visitors . If we 're visiting a small pizzeria in Rome the review wo n't be so long . ' Brad Reynolds said he used to spend a lot of time writing about his travels in journals , but now writes reviews to preserve his memories .