In this day and age , everything is personalised - from alarm clocks that measure your perfect amount of sleep to fashion brands that use social media to connect with each individual customer . So it was only a matter of time before the make-up industry jumped on the bandwagon . The newest generation of beauty products will be personalised to meet all your particular needs - from bespoke mascaras and eyeliners to foundations and powders unique to you . Scroll down for video . The newest generation of beauty products will be personalised to meet all your particular needs . Eyeko London 's Bespoke Mascara -LRB- £ 28 -RRB- comes in dozens of brush shapes . Eyeko London is just one brand taking advantage of the trend with the launch of its new Bespoke Mascara -LRB- £ 28 -RRB- , offering more than 100 different combinations of brush shape and formula to suit your lashes . At Eyeko 's Bespoke Eye Wardrobe in London 's Harvey Nichols , which launched earlier this month , customers can choose between dozens of brush shapes - from thick wands for a dramatic Sixties look to skinnier ones for lengthened , separated lashes . The mascaras , containing natural ingredients like conditioning shea butter and hydrating keratin , are created on site and then wrapped in monogrammed packaging to complete the personalised theme . Co-founder Nina Leykind said : ` It 's like the Baskin Robbins of mascara . Getting it right is about the combination . One does n't work without the other . ` Even if you have an amazing brush for you , if it 's put together with the wrong formula then it does n't work . ' Foundation , too , is set to see a surge in personalisation . Beauty brands have long promised customised foundation , but finding that perfect shade and texture is easier said than done . Enter Cover FX Custom Cover Drops -LRB- £ 36 -RRB- a new game-changing alternative to foundation which can transform your entire make-up collection . Cover Drops , which are based on a colour palette of neutral , pink and gold , can be mixed with any of your favourite moisturisers , oils , serums or other foundations to create your preferred texture and finish . Using ` Flash Fusion ' technology , as soon as the drops are added to a beauty product , they blend in flawlessly , leaving behind only pure pigments and instant tint . Cover FX Custom Cover Drops -LRB- £ 36 -RRB- can be mixed with any of your favourite moisturizers , oils , serums or other foundations to create your preferred texture and finish . It 's not just make-up that is increasingly becoming tailored to your personal needs . Skincare brand Jennifer Young offers customised moisturisers , serums , cleansers and toners made with the particular ingredients that your skin craves . Customers who visit the Jennifer Young website specify their gender , age , problem areas , preferred scent and skin sensitivities , among other options . They are then presented with a selection of made-to-order products designed to enhance their particular skin type , with prices starting at £ 20 for a custom-made toner . Not only are beauty brands creating more and more customised products , but shops and department stores are also taking note of the bespoke trend by launching services to help customers create their own blends . Harvey Nichols ' newly-launched Beauty Concierge -LRB- pictured -RRB- is a personal shopping service for make-up . Harvey Nichols ' newly-launched Beauty Concierge , for instance , is like a personal shopping service specifically for make-up . Customers who book a complimentary appointment meet with a Beauty Adviser , whose mission it is to seek out your ideal lipstick , fragrance or skincare , with no bias towards particular brands . According to Daniela Rinaldi , group beauty buying director at Harvey Nichols , bespoke products are most certainly the future of beauty - and customisation is only going to get bigger . ` I think the one size fits all concept just simply does n't cater to customers ' individual needs at all times anymore , ' she explained . ` Whilst there is still definitely a market for ready-to-wear beauty , we are seeing an increase in our customers wanting to know that the product they are using is right for them ; many do n't want to learn this through a process of trial and error . '