Islamic State has released a new set of disturbing propaganda photos , showing off their growing number of military markets in Iraq and Syria . With the fighting fiercer than ever , the extremist group have already started to convert local markets to supply the growing number of barbarous jihadis in their ranks . Even young children appear to be allowed to browse through the market , with some of the children wearing their own miniature uniforms . Scroll down for video . ISIS fighters as well as local residents and children appear to be able to freely wander through the market . No women appear in any of the photos . At a time of war when prices are soaring , unsurprisingly none of the items appear to have a price tag in the propaganda photos . Once the tailors made and sold suits and shirts , now under Islamic State , they are producing vast numbers of bland tunics and military clothing . Brown leather holsters , tactical vests and bandoleers are shown hanging for sale at the various stalls . Knives used for committing beheadings and other atrocities also appear to be readily available at the market . Jihadists can be seen freely browsing through the market , dressed in military uniforms and carrying their weapons in holsters . An array of camouflage military equipment , from military fatigues to ill fitting hats appear to be freely available at the market . The photos come from the Iraqi province of Nineveh , where ISIS have recently been targeting historic archaeological sites as well as their bloodthirsty campaign against civilians . Brown leather holsters , tactical vests and bandoleers are shown hanging for sale at the various stalls . An array of camouflage military equipment , from military fatigues to ill fitting hats are being sold at the market . One photo shows a metalworker nailing together a new bandoleer in his small shop in the impoverish Iraqi province . Several young children appear to be allowed into the market , with one boy seemingly pulling at his father 's arm after taking an interest in some of the military equipment . Once the tailors sold suits and shirts , now under Islamic State , they are producing vast numbers of bland tunics and military clothing . Iraq has always had gun stalls but the growing number of local markets catering to the needs of new Islamic State recruits remains deeply worrying . With the fighting fiercer than ever , the extremist group have already started to convert local markets to supply the growing number of barbarous jihadist in their ranks . The photos come from the Iraqi province of Nineveh , where ISIS have recently been targeting historic archaeological sites as well as their bloodthirsty campaign against civilians . Iraq always had gun souks but the growing number of local markets catering to the needs of new Islamic State recruits remains deeply worrying . The terror organisation recently published new images of their latest ` graduates ' from a terror camp in the Iraqi province of Kirkuk . The new recruits reportedly ` graduated from the renowned ISIS terror training camp , named after one of the former leaders of ISIS , Abu Omar al-Baghdadi . New recruits are watch on as two fighters demonstrate how to disarm an enemy fighter . Other basic skills also appear to have been taught at the camp . Known as the Sheikh Abu Omar al-Baghdadi camp , new recruits have been continually coming out of the terror camp , with ISIS declaring the tenth class has completed terror training . The group usually trains in the plush woods , providing completely impractical preparation for the open desert battles that most of their inexperienced youth recruits will most likely be thrust into by their ruthless superiors . The photos show young recruits , dressed in military fatigues and black balaclavas , learning how to disarm enemy riflemen as well as blend into trees through amateur camouflage . Without a formal graduation party , the militants are shown parading on the streets and posing for a group photo on an uninspiring roundabout . The group usually trains in the plush woods , providing completely impractical preparation for the open desert battles that most of their inexperienced youth recruits will most likely be thrust into by their ruthless superiors . Without a formal graduation party , the militants are shown parading on the streets and posing for a group photo on an uninspiring roundabout . Islamic State recently launched a new offensive to take the city of Ramadi in Anbar province . Hundreds of local residents have been fleeing to avoid the fierce fighting .