An Atlanta teenager is hospitalized with burns covering 70 per cent of his body after two other teens attacked him with a pot of boiling rice while he was sleeping . Damon Clay , 17 , is in a medically induced coma in critical condition at Grady Memorial Hospital in Atlanta after Monday 's attack . Officers have arrested 19-year-old Quintavious Barber and 18-year-old Malik Morton for aggravated assault and cruelty to a child , among other charges . Damon Clay , 17 , was left with burns covering 70 per cent of his body after two other teens attacked him with a pot of boiling rice while he was sleeping . He is now in a medically induced coma in critical condition . Relatives of the scalded victim said the two men accused him of stealing a PlayStation 3 . Neighbors say the three teens were friends . ` They were friends . Everybody was supposed to be friends , ' neighbor Laprell Grant told WSBTV . Kentaveus Watson , who is renting the apartment where the incident happened , said that he is friends with everyone who was involved in the attack and he 's still shocked by the events that occurred . ` It scared me , really . Ever since it happened , I 've been sleeping on the couch right where he got burned , ' he said . Clay had been in jail for a burglary and was just released on a three-month program offered by a nonprofit in the area . Relatives of Clay -LRB- pictured -RRB- said that the two men who have been arrested for attacking him - 19-year-old Quintavious Barber and 18-year-old Malik Morton - accused Clay of stealing a PlayStation 3 . Neighbors said the three men were friends . He was promised shelter and guidance by a minister in the program , but family members who did not want to be named said that that was not the case . ` He did n't have any supervision , none , ' Clay 's aunt told WSBTV . Clay did not go to a group home for shelter , but rather bounced from home to home of relatives and friends who were willing to take him in , family members said . ` I 'd rather my nephew be in jail than to be here , ' the aunt told WSBTV . Clay had been released from jail shortly before the incident and was bouncing from friends ' and relatives ' houses to sleep . He was at his friend Kentaveus Watson 's apartment -LRB- pictured -RRB- when he was burned .