Arsenal are only three signings away from winning the title and should start by pinching Chelsea goalkeeper Petr Cech , according to former Gunners midfielder Ray Parlour . Cech is likely to be watching from the substitutes bench when Arsenal face Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday , having made only four league starts this season . Jose Mourinho 's men are 10 points clear going into the game this weekend but Parlour believes signing Cech in the summer can help Arsenal overcome the Blues next year . Ray Parlour believes Arsenal moving for Petr Cech this summer would be a ` no brainer ' The experienced keepers has made just four league starts this season for the Blues . ` Cech would definitely be on my radar if I was Arsene Wenger , ' said Parlour , who was speaking at the Boot Camp stage of The People 's Pundit , championed by Carlsberg - the Official Beer of the England team and the Premier League . ` Cech has got that experience , he 's played in big games and he 's only 33 so he 's got plenty of years left in him . ` Wojciech Szczesny wants to play on a regular basis and you could still get good money for him , someone will buy him for around £ 6million . ` So it 's a no-brainer really . If you can get Cech for around £ 10m and sell Szcezsny for £ 6m , it 's a great deal for Arsenal . ` The question is will Chelsea sell to a rival ? I 'm not sure they will . ' Arsenal can make it nine consecutive league victories with a win on Sunday and the team 's strong finish to the campaign has given Gunners fans hope for a more sustained title challenge next year . ` The summer window will be very important to what happens next season , ' Parlour said . Cech -LRB- left -RRB- has had to play second fiddle to Thibaut Courtois -LRB- right -RRB- all season . ` The spine of the team needs strengthening - I think they need a centre half , a central midfielder and a goalkeeper . ` Alexis Sanchez has had a brilliant season , he 's set the bar so high so early in his career that when he dropped off , it seemed like it was n't the Sanchez we know . ` He has been amazing this season . If Arsene Wenger can get two or three players of his calibre this summer , there 's no reason why Arsenal ca n't win the league next year . ' Wenger has not come out on top against Mourinho in 12 attempts and a win this weekend would be particularly welcome for the Frenchman as Arsenal look to cement second place . Chelsea ground out a 1-0 victory against Manchester United last time out and Parlour expects the league leaders to be resolute again on Sunday . Parlour believes the Gunners should sell Wojciech Szczesny in order to sign Cech this summer . ` A draw is a perfect result for Chelsea , ' Parlour said . ` They 'll look to defend well and put in a solid performance so it 's up to Arsenal to ask questions . ` With the pace they 've got , Arsenal can test Chelsea 's back four . ` John Terry has been brilliant this year but he does sit off a bit deeper now to allow for his lack of pace and that might give more space in midfield . ` Arsene will look at getting Sanchez into those spaces and perhaps Theo Walcott will start as well . ` It 's a big , big game for Arsenal . Chelsea will win the league but there 's still a battle for second , third and fourth so it 's a bigger game for Arsenal than it is for Chelsea . ' : : The People 's Pundit has narrowed down its search to five football fans in with a chance of winning their big break on talkSPORT on the last day of the Barclays Premier League season . To vote for your favourite and find out which will win their big break on talkSPORT , head to ThePeoplesPundit.co.uk £ PeoplesPundit . Carlsberg is the Official Beer of the England team and the Premier League .