The Dawn spacecraft has captured amazing new images of the mystery bright spots on the dwarf planet Ceres , which continue to baffle scientists . In particular , the images show the brightest spot and its companion standing out against the darker surroundings . But experts are still at a loss to explain the composition and source of the bright spots . Scroll down for video . Nasa scientists in California have revealed new images of the dwarf planet Ceres . They reveal new views of the two brightest spots in a crater -LRB- shown -RRB- . However , scientists are still not able to explain what they are . Dawn will begin its first science orbit around Ceres on 23 April . These latest images were taken on 14 and 15 April from a distance of 14,000 miles -LRB- 22,000 km -RRB- from the north pole of Ceres . Several theories are currently being touted for what these mysterious bright white spots are on Ceres . The Hubble Space Telescope has found more than 10 on the surface , but Ceres has found that the two most prominent - ` spot 5 ' - are in a crater about 57 miles -LRB- 92 km -RRB- wide . One theory is that they are salt flats that are reflecting sunlight , left on the surface by saltwater . Another theory is that they are regions of ice , again reflecting sunlight . Ceres is thought to have plenty of ice beneath its surface , which could be exposed when a asteroid or comet strikes the surface . The fact these bright spots are in a crater - where such an impact occurred - supports this theory . Another possibility is that they are cryovolcanoes - volcanoes that are shooting out water or ice . However , the lack of a raised area around the spots consistent with a volcano suggests this might not be correct . And they could even be water vapour ejecting from a liquid reservoir under the ground , although again current observations - namely a lack of additional material near the spots - suggests this is not the case . As the spacecraft gets closer to the dwarf planet and moves around it , more and more of the surface is coming into view . The two brightest spots seen in a crater are known as ` spot 5 ' . The scale in the image is about 1.3 miles -LRB- 2.1 km -RRB- per pixel , almost 70 per cent better than previous images . But the origin of the bright spots remains a mystery for now - with theories ranging from exposed ice to volcanoes . Salt flats or ice seem to be the predominant theories at the moment , with the bright spots appearing to reflect incoming sunlight towards the spacecraft 's cameras . Until Dawn gets closer , though , it 's unlikely the mystery will be resolved . ` It 's too early to say what they are , ' Dr Marc Rayman , Dawn 's mission director and chief engineer , told MailOnline . ` Some people have offered they might be ice , but I do n't consider that necessarily the most likely explanation . ' Dr Rayman says he favours the theory that they could be ` salty deposits ' , left over from perhaps saltwater ' on the surface . But one thing that can be ruled out is that they are their own sources of light . Dr Rayman is certain they are simply reflecting sunlight . ` They 're mysterious but not bizarre , ' he said . This animation , made using new images taken by Dawn , shows how the bright spots become visible when they pass the ` terminator ' - the line where the planet is split between sunlight and darkness . Credit : Nasa . In this close up view , the two different spots can clearly be seen . Several theories currently exist for what they might be , with the favoured being salt flats or ice - both reflecting sunlight . Nasa 's Dawn spacecraft -LRB- artist 's illustration shown -RRB- made its way to Ceres after leaving the asteroid Vesta in 2012 . There is high interest in the mission because Ceres is seen as being a record of the early solar system , and may also have shifting ice on its surface . Ceres is 590 miles -LRB- 950 km -RRB- across and was discovered in 1801 . It is the closest dwarf planet to the sun and is located in the asteroid belt , making it the only dwarf planet in the inner solar system . Ceres is the smallest of the bodies currently classified as a ` dwarf planet ' . It lies less than three times as far as Earth from the sun - close enough to feel the warmth of the star , allowing ice to melt and reform . Nasa 's Dawn spacecraft made its way to Ceres after leaving the asteroid Vesta in 2012 . There is high interest in the mission because Ceres is seen as being a record of the early solar system , and may also have shifting ice on its surface . Dawn continues to get closer to the dwarf planet and on 23 April it will descend to a circular orbit 8,400 miles -LRB- 13,500 km -RRB- above the surface . It will then begin its first mapping phase of the dwarf planet in this so-called science orbit , travelling from pole to pole to image the entire surface . Three more science orbits are planned , with the spacecraft mapping the comet in increasing detail . Up until December it will periodically descend lower and lower until it reaches an altitude of just 225 miles -LRB- 260 km -RRB- above the surface , with images 100 times better than those taken so far . This is lower than the orbital height of the ISS around Earth -- and will allow Dawn to snap glorious images of Ceres ' surface , including its mysterious bright spots . These latest images -LRB- close up view of the bright spots in the crater on the right -RRB- were taken on 14 and 15 April from a distance of 14,000 miles -LRB- 22,000 km -RRB- from the north pole of Ceres . Dawn is continuing to get closer to the dwarf planet Ceres -LRB- position in the solar system shown left -RRB- , and on 23 April it will descend to a circular orbit 8,400 miles -LRB- 13,500 km -RRB- above the surface - its first science orbit . Three more are planned by the end of the year -LRB- orbital paths shown right -RRB- . ` The approach imaging campaign has completed successfully by giving us a preliminary , tantalising view of the world Dawn is about to start exploring in detail . It has allowed us to start asking some new and intriguing questions , ' said Dr Rayman said in a statement . Dawn became the first spacecraft to orbit a dwarf planet on 6 March , having left the giant asteroid Vesta in 2012 . Both Vesta and Ceres are in the main asteroid belt between Mars and Jupiter , and were on their way to forming planets before their development was interrupted - likely by the gravity of Jupiter .