A Bosnian town , home to more than 200 sets of twins in a population of 20,000 has claimed that it is the world 's multiple birth capital and wants to use that fact to turn it into a tourist attraction . Officials in Buzim , north west Bosnia said their home should be known as the ` Town of Twins ' , due to the unusually high number of multiple births . Local journalist Nedzib Vucelj noticed the phenomena when his wife Emira gave birth to twins during the 1992-95 civil war . Edita and Elma Pajalic are among the 200 sets of twins in the Bosnian town of Buzim . Samed and Sara Dizdarevic live in the town which has a far higher than normal rate of multiple births . Local journalist Nedzip Bucelj noticed the number of twins such as Adisa , left and Adis Muratovic , right . He said he went to his neigbours seeking to borrow a buggy to carry the babies , only to discover they had given it to a third family who also had multiple babies . He said : ` That 's when I realised just how many twins were here . ' Mr Vucelj found that during the war , there were at least 21 sets of twins born , however he believes the figure is far higher as many residents left to escape the fighting and to escape poverty . Using his Facebook page ` Buzim - The Town of Twins ' , Mr Vucelj has identified at least 200 sets of twins . Now the town 's mayor Agan Bunic has backed the initiative believing it could help drive tourism in the area which relies on harvesting raspberries and chestnuts . He said : ' -LSB- There could be -RSB- annual meetings of twins from Busim and across the country , the first gathering of its kind in Bosnia . ' Local politicians want an annual twin festival for people such as Dzenisa , left , and Merisa Kaukovic , right . At least 21 sets of twins were born during the civil war , pictured Almin , left , and Almina Duranovic right . Some experts believe the high number of twins could be genetic , pictured , Admir and Sadmir Bajric . According to doctors at the local hospital , a set of twins can be expected once in every 88 births . However , medical records proving the total number of multiple births is incomplete due to the conflict . However , there are suggestions that inbreeding could increase the number of tiwns . Mayor Bunic added : ` The local people mostly marry among themselves , this is a pretty much traditional and patriarchal community . ' Zumreta Hodzic , municipal birth registrar said there is some truth behind Mr Vucej 's theory : ` I remember the years when nearly each class in the school had twins ; there were also triplets . ' Kemal Dizdarevic , an unemployed father of 17-month-old twin boys , said there was a history of twins in his family and his wife 's . ` Maybe they will be sportsmen . They can become anything , just not politicians . ' Some of Buzim 's twins may not have been registered due to the war . Pictured Merjema and Merisa Baltic . Internationally , a set of twins can be expected every 88 births . Pictured , Ilhan , left , and Elhan Hilic , right . Elma and Selma Burzic live in Buzim where the main source of income is picking raspberries and chestnuts . Mirela and Mujo Balcinovic live in Buzim where nearly every school class has at least one set of twins . A special Facebook page has been set up to identify more sets of twins like Davud and Sara Catic . Mubina and Mufid Valadizic do not look too impressed about being photographed as part of the study . Almedina and Ajla Djulic are also twins from the town of Buzim in north west Bosnia .