The final Discworld novel written by Sir Terry Pratchett before he died last month at the age of 66 will be released later this year , his publishers have said . The book will be called The Shepherd 's Crown and will feature Tiffany Aching , a witch-in-training who has featured in four of Sir Terry 's books to date , first appearing in The Wee Free Men in 2003 . The novel , which is based in the fictional realm of Discworld - a flat disc balanced on the back of four elephants and a giant turtle roaming through space - will go on sale in September . Scroll down for video . The final book written by Sir Terry Pratchett , The Shepherd 's Crown , which will be set in the Discworld universe and feature witch Tiffany Aching , will be released this September , his publishers have said . Tom Weldon , from publishers Penguin Random House , said : ` It is a huge privilege to be publishing Sir Terry Pratchett 's final Discworld novel , The Shepherd 's Crown . ` Terry 's writing is loved and respected the world over and this publication will be an incredibly important and special event for us all at Penguin Random House , and for fans and readers everywhere . ' Sir Terry published his fist Discworld novel , The Colour Of Magic , in 1983 and went on to sell 85million books worldwide , with his work being translated into 37 languages . Before that he had been a journalist , writing for the Bucks Free Press , the Western Daily Press and finally the Bath Chronicle . The character of Tiffany , who forms one of several side-plots in the 40 Discoworld novels , first appeared in The Wee Free Men -LRB- left -RRB- in 2003 , and went on to feature in another three books . A Hat Full Of Sky , Wintersmith , and I Shall Wear Midnight saw Tiffany grow to be 16 and become a powerful witch . The plot of the final book is unknown , but the shepherd in the title could refer to her grandmother . He became a press officer for the Central Electricity Generating Board , with responsibility for three nuclear power stations , in 1980 . 1948 : Born to David and Eileen Pratchett in Beconsfield , Buckinghamshire . 1965 : Left school to become a reporter for the Bucks Free Press . 1968 : Married wife Lyn . Daughter Rhianna is born eight years later . 1971 : Published his first book , The Carpet People , which received good reviews but generated only modest sales . 1980 : Left journalism to work in PR for the Central Electricity Generating Board . 1983 : Published the first book of the Discworld series , The Colour Of Magic , which sold out during its first day . 1998 : Awarded an OBE at Buckingham Palace for ` services to literature ' 2007 : Diagnosed with rare form of early-onset Alzheimer 's after car accident . Becomes a right to die campaigner . 2009 : Knighted by the Queen at Buckingham Palace . 2012 : He gives an interview stating that , while his health is better than expected , his condition is catching up with him . By this point he is thought to be writing by dictation . 2014 : Sir Terry finishes his final book , The Shepherd 's Crown , which will be published this September . 2015 : Sir Terry dies at his home in Wiltshire . His death is announced by his daughter on Twitter . He was first published in 1971 with novel The Carpet People , but his career as a writer did not truly take off until The Colour of Magic was printed . In total Sir Terry published 70 novels , 40 of which were set in Discworld , blending together elements of fantasy , philosophy and real-world politics , while managing to satirise all three . The character of Tiffany Aching first appeared in 2003 . Then aged just nine , she began her training as a witch , and was awarded an imaginary invisible hat to boost her confidence . Over the course of another three books , A Hat Full Of Sky , Wintersmith , and I Shall Wear Midnight , Tiffany turned 16 , growing in power and gaining abilities along the way . While the plot of the final Discworld book has not yet been revealed , the shepherd of the book 's title could be a reference to Tiffany 's grandmother , Sarah Aching , who herded sheep . Sir Terry was born in 1948 , the only child of a working-class couple - his father was a mechanic - and brought up in Beaconsfield , Buckinghamshire . Adventurous , and keen on learning by doing , he disliked school and had to be bribed by his parents into reading books . While he eventually became hooked on fiction , that never translated into a love of the classroom and he left as soon as he was able in order to become a reporter . As his literary career took off he won a host of prizes and was handed a total of nine honorary doctorates , before being awarded an OBE in 1998 , and was finally knighted in 2009 ` for services to literature ' . Asked about his success at the time , he said : ` Most writers do n't make much money , they only happen to make some if they 're standing in the station when the gravy train comes in . Sir Terry wrote 70 novels , 40 of which were set in Discworld - a flat planet carried through space on the back of four elephants and a giant turtle - selling 85million copies -LRB- pictured after being given an OBE in 1998 -RRB- . ` I thought I was lucky to make some money , then lucky to make a living , then lucky to be a millionaire . ' However , in 2007 , he was diagnosed with posterior cortical atrophy -LSB- PCA -RSB- , a form of early-onset Alzheimer 's . Sir Terry , who was knighted in 2009 -LRB- pictured -RRB- , suffered from a form of early-onset Alzheimer 's , and was a right to die campaigner . The first hint that he was not well came as he drove home after watching his father , David , die from pancreatic cancer , when he misjudged a lane and scraped his car along a wall . As he succumbed to the disease he lost everyday skills such as touch-typing , but simply took to dictation software to write his books instead , insisting it made him even more eloquent . He also refused to become self-pitying . He rarely referred to his illness by name , instead preferring to call it ` the embuggerance ' He even turned his illness to public campaigning , speaking tirelessly and eloquently in favour of people 's the right to die in the manner of their choosing . Sir Terry passed away on March 12 ` with his cat sleeping on his bed surrounded by his family ' at his home in Wiltshire . His death was announced on Twitter by his daughter , Rhianna , who used his account to write : ` AT LAST , SIR TERRY , WE MUST WALK TOGETHER . ' ` Terry took Death 's arm and followed him through the doors and on to the black desert under the endless night . The End . ' The character of Death , one of the most beloved in the Discworld series , always speaks in capitals . Since Sir Terry 's death , mourning fans have donated more than £ 40,000 to The Research Institute For The Care Of Older People , a charity for which he campaigned .