Rapper Vanilla Ice avoided prosecution in Florida on Thursday after agreeing to a plea deal over a grand theft charge from February , his attorney said . ` He 's pretty thrilled . He 's never really been in trouble like this before so obviously he was nervous , ' said defense lawyer Bradford Cohen of Fort Lauderdale . The rapper , whose real name is Robert Van Winkle , appeared in Palm Beach County Court on Thursday . He agreed to perform 100 hours of community service and pay $ 1,333 to the estate of a neighbor in Lantana for allegedly stealing furniture and pool equipment from the $ 1million home , according to the pre-trial intervention deal . Vanilla Ice , whose real name is Robert Van Winkle , appeared in Palm Beach County Court on Thursday and agreed to a plea deal over a grand theft charge . He agreed to perform 100 hours of community service and pay $ 1,333 to the estate of a neighbor for allegedly stealing from the $ 1million home . Police say Van Winkle stole items from this house in Lantana , Florida , while he was filming his reality show inside an adjacent home . Van Winkle also must acknowledge that he is guilty of the crime , but the charge will be dismissed and he will have no criminal record upon completing terms of the agreement , Cohen said . The grand theft charge was a third-degree felony which carried a maximum penalty of five years in prison and a $ 5,000 fine . The items that were taken from the house were returned to their owner . The 47-year-old musician-turned-reality-television-star , who famously rapped that ` anything less than the best is a felony ' in his 1990s hit song ` Ice Ice Baby , ' said at the time of his arrest in February that the situation had been ` overblown ' . The rapper 's home currently is under construction and also is the site of his latest venture , a reality TV show for the DIY Network called The Vanilla Ice Project . While there were items in the home -LRB- pictured above -RRB- at the time of the alleged theft , no one else was in the property . Authorities believe Van Winkle stole furniture , a pool heater -LRB- pictured above -RRB- , bicycles and other items from the home . Cohen said Van Winkle is happy to have the charge resolved before the kickoff of season five of his television series . Van Winkle , who is also a general contractor , regularly performs community service , his lawyer said , including a project two weeks ago to build a swimming pool for a quadriplegic firefighter . His community service under the plea deal must take place at a Habitat for Humanity project in Palm Beach County . At the time of his arrest , Van Winkle also was accused of burglary although prosecutors never formally filed that charge . Van Winkle all along said the incident was a misunderstanding . Cohen said most of the items he was accused of stealing had been left outside the home by squatters who had been vandalizing the unoccupied property . In his DIY Network show , The Vanilla Ice Project , Van Winkle and a crew renovate and flip homes . Van Winkle -LRB- center -RRB- was released from the Palm Beach County Jail on a $ 6,000 bond after his arrest in February . Van Winkle has been married to wife Laura since 1997 and they have two daughters together . This is not his first brush with the law ; in 1991 , he was arrested and pleaded no contest for threatening a homeless man with a gun . A decade later , he was arrested by Florida police and spent a night in jail for assaulting his wife as they argued while driving . He admitted that he had pulled her hair , but said it was to stop her from jumping out of their truck , and was sentenced to probation and attended family therapy sessions . In 2008 , Van Winkle was arrested for allegedly assaulting his wife again - but was released the following day after she said he had only pushed her . The case was dropped two weeks later .