The Duchess of Cambridge is already up to four days overdue with her second child - and her labour could now be induced this week , it was claimed today . The 33-year-old royal 's baby is expected before the end of April - with the due date initially reported as yesterday , but later claimed to actually be as early as Wednesday last week . Either way Kate - who plans to give birth at St Mary 's Hospital in Paddington , central London - is now overdue and may have already spoken to doctors about the possibility of being induced . Scroll down for video . Previous royal birth : The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge leave the Lindo Wing of St Mary 's Hospital in Paddington , central London , in a proud moment with their newborn son Prince George in July 2013 . Due date : Preparations have been made outside the Lindo Wing of the hospital -LRB- pictured yesterday -RRB- for the huge crowds expected to welcome the royal birth - with the Duchess said to be up to four days overdue . A source , whose children were born at the hospital 's exclusive Lindo Wing , told Daily Telegraph reporter Gordon Rayner : ` The doctors do n't normally wait for more than a week . ` They will probably already have been in touch with Kate , and talked about which day which suit her best to go in and be induced if the baby does n't arrive in the next couple of days . ' A Kensington Palace source said last week : ` We have n't ever confirmed a due date . ' Prince George was reportedly born three days late when he arrived at the hospital in July 2013 . The joint favourite dates for the royal baby to be born are tomorrow and Tuesday at 6/1 - with Wednesday priced at 7/1 and Thursday 8/1 , according to MailOnline 's official betting partner Coral . The bookmaker is also offering evens on a morning birth , 3/1 on the baby arriving in the afternoon and 2/1 on it being in the evening -- while Alice -LRB- 5/4 -RRB- and Charlotte -LRB- 5/1 -RRB- are the favourite names . Royal fan : Terry Hutt -LRB- right -RRB- waits last week for the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge 's second child to be born . Cute : Prince William and Kate pose with their son Prince George at the National History Museum in London . But some punters might look further ahead for their bets - if they believe those who say labour is influenced by the lunar cycle and the arrival of a full moon . The next full moon is on May 4 . The idea is the moon 's gravitational pull affects the amniotic fluid in the same way it affects water in the sea and rivers . When Kate gave birth on July 22 , 2013 , it was the day of a new full moon . Meanwhile Prime Minister David Cameron has defended William and Kate for opting to use private health services rather than the NHS . Asked if he was disappointed the Royal Family did not use the NHS , Mr Cameron told Sky News today : ` I think it 's a total matter of choice for people - what they use and where they have their babies . All I hope and pray for is there 'll be happy , healthy news for that wonderful couple and for the whole country . ' Around one in five deliveries in the UK is assisted . A Danish study in February suggested inducing women at 37 weeks can lower the chance of a baby dying or developing a serious health condition .