Yaya Toure 's attacking gifts are n't enough to make up for his defensive deficiencies anymore , said Gary Neville in a scathing attack on the Ivorian following Manchester City 's 4-2 derby loss to United . Manuel Pellegrini 's City were poor for all but the opening 15 minutes against Louis van Gaal 's side at Old Trafford and Neville , speaking on Sky Sports , is certain big changes are afoot for the club . ` It 's a crossroads for them now , ' Neville said as City drifted four points behind their third-placed cross-city rivals who are now one point off Arsenal in second . Yaya Toure 's defensive lapses are costing Manchester City , claims Sky Sports pundit Gary Neville . Niall Quinn and Graeme Souness joined the chorus of criticism of the under-fire Ivorian . ` There is definitely going to be change at Manchester City , whether it 's players , the manager , people above . Certainly some players . ` There are some weeds in the garden and you 've got to get them out of the changing room pretty quick . You can not carry passengers . ' Neville singled out Toure as an example of the ` weeds ' at the Etihad in a scathing attack . ` He does that much for the team in an attacking sense you live with maybe the consequences of that defensively , ' he said . ` But when the balance tips to a point when going forward is n't quite as effective as it once was , you 've got to do something different because the defensive side is poor . Neville predicts changes at Manchester City and says the club need to get rid of ` weeds in the garden ' ` If I was a player in that dressing room looking at him in central midfield thinking you 're not chasing back , you 're not running around , you 're not sprinting for the ball . There might be a physical problem that he can not do it , let alone if he does n't want to do it . I think there 's definitely going to be some changes . ' Graeme Souness , also on Sky Sports , even suggested the 31-year-old 's work when his side does n't have the ball is a factor in their disappointing Champions League results in recent years . Neville accused Toure of a ` complete dereliction of -LRB- his -RRB- duty ' when marking Marouane Fellaini and blamed his lack of tracking back for United 's third goal from Juan Mata . City players ' heads drop after conceding the fourth goal on Sunday their their cross-city rivals . ` He can not play in a two in midfield against an opposition of any quality , ' said Neville on Sky Sports . ` Against maybe one of the lesser teams at home you can put him in there and play with two up top , but against any team of quality you 've got to shift him out of that position in the centre of midfield . ` There are too many examples , too much evidence when watching him where he can not do his job , simple as that . As a central midfield player in the big matches he just can not do it . ' Souness said Toure 's become ` a bit of a liability ' for City in the past two years , despite being instrumental to their Premier League title win last season . Marouane Fellaini and Ashley Young celebrate after the winger 's cross found the tall Belgian for 2-1 . ` When he is playing and he has the ball at his feet , he is a real threat going forward , ' the former Liverpool midfielder said . ` When they do n't have the ball he does n't want to take part and come back towards his own goal . ' ` He just does n't take part when City have the ball , they 're too easy to play against . And that 's a problem they 've had for the last couple of seasons . And maybe that 's one of the big reasons why they 've not done as well as they should have done in Europe . ' Sportsmail columnist Jamie Carragher pointed the finger at the City chiefs for allowing the team to get into their current state and said the fallen champions are ` gone ' . The former Liverpool defender told talkSPORT : ` They 've been a great team , but that team needs breaking up and changing . The criticism I have is for the people at the top , to have that much money and to allow yourself to get into a situation where you might need five or six players to go straight into the team . ` You look at the age of the team and it 's too old , so you need a lot of new blood . It 's going to take a lot of money . ` It 's gone for them now , physically , mentally , every part of the game . They 've been a great team and we should applaud what they 've achieved over the past three or four years , but it 's the end for this team now . It 's got to be broken up . ' Niall Quinn , also on Sky Sports , said bluntly : ` Manchester City lost out today because he was all at sea and did n't do his defensive duties . ' Toure also came in for criticism on Match of the Day 2 for his lack of leadership after he took the captain 's armband at half-time . Trevor Sinclair said : ` He keeps on getting caught in no-mans land , he 's not really at it , clipping the heels , and he 's literally going through the motions . Trevor Sinclair and Phil Neville were both critical of City and Toure on Match of the Day 2 . ` Fellaini has completely outshone him today . He is outnumbered and I 'm sure he 's frustrated but again he 's just going through the motions . ' Picking out on particular aerial duel , which Toure lost , Sinclair said : ` This is nothing to do with ability , that 's to do with desire and wanting to take one for the team . ' Sinclair also felt Toure was at fault for Chris Smalling 's goal , United 's fourth . ` He 's got to organise this better , ' he said . ` If you 're captain of the team you 've got to keep that high line , dictate and tell the lads to get in positions and win the ball . They were queuing up on the far stick . ' Phil Neville said : ` The minute they concede a goal and their backs are against the wall , they crumble . They lost their shape , they lost their discipline , they were all over the place . ` There was nobody in there today that said `` right , we 're going to get two banks of four , hard to beat and actually try to grind out a result '' . '