The parents of a newborn baby girl have spoken of their heartbreak after she was born without any eyes . Mother-of-three Danielle Davis , 24 , refused a termination when a routine scan showed her baby had a cyst on the brain . But when Daisy was born , Ms Davis and her partner Andrew Smith , 31 , were told she had the rare disorder Anophthalmia , meaning she had no eyes . The condition is incurable , and so while Daisy can be fitted with glass eyes as she gets older , she will never be able to see . Danielle Davis , 24 , has told of her heartbreak as her daughter Daisy , now eight weeks old , was born without any eyes . Daisy suffers from Anopthalmia , a rare condition which means ` lack of eyes ' . Daisy will never be able to see , but some children with the disease have prosthetic eyes fitted for cosmetic reasons . Ms Davis refused a termination when a scan revealed a brain cyst , and says she ` has no regrets ' . Daisy is now at home enjoying time with her mother Danielle , father Andrew , 31 , and siblings Logan , six , and Tyler , four . Ms Davis , a care worker from Cwmbran , South Wales , said : ` It was a shock - we had never heard of it before and neither had any of our friends or family . ` People did n't really know what to say when we told them . ` But she is our gorgeous baby and we have no regrets about turning down a termination . ` We want to give Daisy as normal a life as possible and give her the same opportunities as other children . ' Anophthalmia is a rare disease in which a baby is born with no eyes . It develops during pregnancy , and affects around one in 10,000 births in the UK . There is sadly no cure . Ms Davis said : ` The cyst showed up on the 21-week scan and naturally , we were worried about it . Anophthalmia means an absence of the eye . A child may be born with one , or both eyes , missing from the eye socket . The rare disorder develops during pregnancy and can be associated with other birth defects . The condition may be caused by genetic mutations and abnormal chromosomes . Researchers also believe that environmental factors , such as exposure to X-rays , chemicals , drugs , pesticides , toxins , radiation , or viruses , increase the risk of anophthalmia , but research is not conclusive . Unfortunately , there is no treatment that will restore vision in children affected by Anophthalmia . Children will need to undergo repeated hospital visits and many have prosthetic eyes to ensure that the bone and soft tissue around the eye socket grows properly and to improve appearance . Source : The Micro and Anopthalmic Children 's Society . ` But none of the doctors said our baby could be born blind . ` Everyone has been really supportive and I ca n't thank the doctors and midwives enough for all of their help . ' Daisy , now eight weeks old , is settling in at home with her siblings Logan , six , and Tyler , four . She will be admitted to the Great Ormond Street Hospital later this month for an operation to fit glass eyes . They will be replaced when she is 18-months-old with painted eyes that will look more natural . Her parents are now planning a 12,000 ft skydive to raise funds for the charity RNIB that supports people with sight loss . The couple also want to raise awareness of the condition . Ms Davis said : ` I hope that by raising awareness other parents to be wo n't experience the same shock that we did if their child has the condition . ' The news comes after MailOnline reported on the story of baby Richie , who was also born without eyes , in January . Staff at Arizona 's Banner Desert Medical Center initially thought Richie 's face was swollen at birth . But they were stunned to discover the reason his eyelids would not open was because he had anolpthalmia . Richie 's mother Kelly Lopez , from Mesa , Arizona , is optimistic that science will progress enough to help Richie see in his lifetime . Baby Richie Lopez was born with Anopthalmia in January . Doctors initially thought his face was just swollen .