One of Australia 's most prestigious race days , the opening of The Championships , has been postponed after wild weather left Randwick Racecourse unsafe to compete on . Stewards announced it was too risky to race on the wet surface after an early inspection at around 9.30 am Saturday morning , disappointing the 25,000 punters officials expected to show . Under normal circumstances the Australian Turf Club would 've been packed with punters dressed to the nines scrambling for a seat , but as early racegoers Susie Pleasance and Helen Quarrel learned , the field was absolutely empty . Racegoers Susie Pleasance and Helen Quarrel got to the field early and were disappointed to find an empty track . With a logistical nightmare on their hands , officials opted to move the $ 10 million program to Monday allowing racegoers to use the ticket they purchased for the Saturday event . Ticket-holders who wo n't be able to make Monday 's event will be giving the option of receiving a refund . Chief steward Ray Murrihy said officials could ' nt be confident they could get through the whole meeting after the turf took on so much rain . `` We galloped two horses on it at six o'clock this morning and have had 25 millimetres since . ' `` The surface was water logged and the radar was horrendous . We might have got through one or two , but to get through 10 races with big fields would have been a miracle so we will wait for Monday , ' he added . With grey clouds hanging over the track and no sign of rain easing officials said the the turf was too dangerous to compete on . The Championships opening day has been moved to Monday with punters being given the option of a refund if they do n't want to attend the event at the revised time . The Warwick Farm card is unable to go ahead on Monday and will be moved to Wednesday , with the Wednesday program being totally abandoned . The gourmet food and wine event launched at last years Championships called Little Sydney will not go ahead on Monday with ticket-holders being offered a full refund . There is some good news for three-year-old superstars Sweynesse and Kermadec who will now be elevated into the $ 3 million Doncaster Mile after reports that all scratching 's will be restored . Official 's are unsure if the 25,000 punters expected to show on Saturday will return for the Monday event .