Marco Rubio has claimed people are ` born with a sexual preference ' while insisting state legislators should decide whether or not to allow gay marriage . The presidential candidate spoke to CBS 's Face the Nation after admitting in an interview he would attend the same-sex wedding of a family member or staffer - even if he did n't agree with the decision . The Florida Senator told Bob Schieffer that he was n't against gay marriage , but believes the ` definition of the institution of marriage should be between one man and one woman ' . Scroll down for video . Marco Rubio told Face The Nation he believes people are born with a sexual preference , but insisted same-sex marriage should not be a constitutional right . He added : ` States have always regulated marriage . And if a state wants to have a different definition , you should petition the state legislature and have a political debate . ` I do n't think courts should be making that decision . ` I do n't believe same-sex marriage is a Constitutional right , ' Rubio continued . ` I also do n't believe that your sexual preferences are a choice for the vast and enormous majority of people . ` In fact ... I believe that sexual preference is something that people are born with . ' Last week , during an interview with Fusion magazine , he said if someone he ` cared ' for was involved in a same-sex union he would ` of course attend ' . He added : I 'm not going to hurt them simply because I disagree with a choice they 've made or because I disagree with a decision they 've made , or whatever it may be . ` Ultimately , if someone that you care for and is part of your family has decided to move in one direction or another or feels that way because of who they love , you respect that because you love them . ' Rubio also noted that , as a Catholic , he believes divorce is wrong , but he would n't stop loving someone if they were divorced . The Miami politician announced he is running for president last week . Donors have said their candidate has already received monetary commitments in excess of the $ 40 million he will likely need to battle through a presidential primary season that will feature a crowd of seasoned Republican candidates with strong financial backing . Last week the Florida Senator admitted he would attend the gay wedding of someone he ` cared ' for , even if he did n't agree with what they were doing .