Bad weather may destroy weekend plans in multiple states , with both thunderstorms and tornadoes forecast to strike . The news comes after a tornado touched down in Florida on Thursday afternoon . The tornado took place at about 2:45 pm near Belle Glade in Palm Beach County , but did not cause any damage , the Weather Channel reported . Scroll down for video . Rainy : Thunderstorms were predicted to take place in many parts of the country on Thursday night . Storms : Friday 's weather may see storms in a number of major cities , including Dallas and Houston . Inclement weather : Severe storms may strike several Southern states and along the Gulf Coast on Saturday . Havoc : A car was seen destroyed and tree branches were knocked down in Miami after a Thursday storm . Let 's play ball ! New York Yankees ' Chase Headley hits a two-run single as snow falls during the first inning of a baseball game against the Detroit Tigers on Wednesday ... during the snow . Snow pitch : David Price of the Detroit Tigers played in the snow on Wednesday . Bundle up ! Ian Kinsler of the Detroit Tigers is seen during a Wednesday game . Colorado also saw two tornadoes on Thursday , both of which took place shortly before 6 pm , according to NBC News . On Thursday evening , thunderstorms were predicted to take place in a number of states , including in parts of South Dakota , Nebraska , Kansas , and Texas , the Weather Channel reported . According to the news outlet , severe thunderstorms may take place in several states Friday and affect metropolitan areas , namely Wichita , Kansas City , Missouri , Oklahoma City , along with Dallas , Houston , and San Antonio . For Saturday , the Weather Channel predicted severe thunderstorms would strike Nashville , Memphis , Atlanta , Tallahassee , Jacksonville , New Orleans , and Jackson . For Sunday , thunderstorms may occur in Kansas , Texas , and Oklahoma , the channel said . Winds , tornadoes , and hail were forecast to be potential issues from Friday through Sunday by the news outlet - with flash floods as an potential issue on Monday . Chilly weather : Janice Kennedy walks through a snow shower Thursday , April 23 , 2015 , as she headed to work at the Albion Pharmacy in downtown Albion , Pennsylvania . Springtime snow : Don Spann holds an umbrella over Mary Lou Willis as she photographs the snowfall on the flower-covered trees in Rolland Moore Park last Thursday , April 16 , 2015 , in Fort Collins , Colorado . Do n't freeze up ! Snow falls on flowers shortly after the arrival of a spring storm , in Boulder , Colorado , Thursday , April 16 , 2015 . Dan Kottlowski , a meteorologist for Accuweather , told the website ` It really will not be until the end of the week that severe weather really ramps up and a significant outbreak could occur as the main storm system moves out from the Southwest . ' He also said ` The most likely area for the storms to fire first on Friday is west of the I-35 corridor in Texas , Oklahoma and Kansas . ' The forecasts come after snow hit several states - including Ohio , New York , Minnesota , Wisconsin and Michigan - earlier this week , the Washington Post reported . According to WMTW , there snow was observed in Maine and New Hampshire on Thursday . Snowy weather was also photographed hitting Pennsylvania this week , as well as Wyoming and Colorado last week , leaving residents bundled up . The Washington Post pointed out that the Detroit Tigers and the New York Yankees played in the Motor City during snowfall Wednesday evening . The newspaper noted that more snow could strike Cleveland , Minneapolis , Salt Lake City , Milwaukee , Denver and Detroit later this month . According to the National Weather Service , those five cities may experience showers this weekend . Covered up : Pedestrians cross a lower downtown street during a slow-moving spring storm Thursday , April 16 , 2015 , in Denver , Colorado last week . Playtime : Melissa Gibbons jokes with her dog Rikku as she shovels about five inches of wet snow off her driveway in Monument , Colorado last Friday , April 17 , 2015 . Coverage ? Scott Adkins shields his face from the wind and snow as he makes his way down Capitol Avenue on Thursday , April 16 , 2015 , in downtown Cheyenne , Wyoming .