Jurgen Klopp is to step down as Borussia Dortmund manager this summer . The 47-year-old German will seek a new challenge with a move to the Premier League likely . Klopp and Dortmund chief executive Hans-Joachim Watzke confirmed in a press conference reports that he will officially leave at the end of June after seven successful years at the club . An emotional Klopp said : ` As a person , I would have liked to see that something so beautiful does not have to come to an end . ' Jurgen Klopp confirmed in a press conference he is to leave Borussia Dortmund this summer . An emotional Klopp said he believed Dortmund needed a change of manager . Klopp will officially cease to be Dortmund manager on June 30 . Klopp has enjoyed seven largely successful years in charge at the Westfalenstadion . The emotion was clear to see as Klopp announced he was leaving the club . Klopp leaves the press conference after confirming his departure as Dortmund boss in the summer . Klopp was alongside chief executive Hans-Joachim Watzke -LRB- left -RRB- and sporting director Michael Zorc -LRB- right -RRB- . After the press conference , Klopp joined the Dortmund squad for a training session . Klopp speaks to the players in training , shortly after making the announcement he would be leaving the club . Dortmund are preparing for their home Bundesliga match with Paderborn at the weekend . Klopp issues instructions to his defender Mats Hummels during Wednesday 's training session . Klopp , wearing a club tracksuit and baseball cap , cuts a lonely figure on the training ground . A downcast Klopp during Dortmund 's 3-1 loss to Borussia Monchengladbach at the weekend . Martin Samuel on why Premier League clubs should be trying to entice Klopp . He denied reports that he will take a year-long sabbatical because of exhaustion following a difficult season in which Dortmund have flirted with relegation from the Bundesliga . Klopp said : ` I do n't think of it as a load off my shoulders . I 'm not tired , even though I look like this . ` I have had no contact with another club , but I am not planning a sabbatical . ' Klopp has long been linked with a move to the English top flight and this news will have Arsenal and Manchester City , among others , on alert . Bookmakers immediately installed Manchester City as the favourites to secure Klopp 's services though the club insist they have no interest in him . Speculation has mounted that Manuel Pellegrini will be sacked in the summer after City 's season unravelled , with Bayern Munich coach Pep Guardiola another name linked with the Etihad Stadium job . Dejected Dortmund players Neven Subotic , Mats Hummels , Sokratis and Ciro Immobile after Saturday 's loss . The season has been one of struggle for Dortmund , who flirted with relegation from the Bundesliga . April 18 Paderborn -LRB- H -RRB- . April 25 Eintracht Frankfurt -LRB- H -RRB- . April 28 Bayern Munich -LRB- A -RRB- . DFB-Pokal Semi-final . May 2 Hoffenheim -LRB- A -RRB- . May 9 Hertha Berlin -LRB- H -RRB- . May 16 Wolfsburg -LRB- A -RRB- . May 23 Werder Bremen -LRB- H -RRB- . Reflecting on the need for a change , Klopp said : ` I am sure that the decision is absolutely right . This team deserves to have the absolutely one hundred per cent right coach . ` I believe that Borussia Dortmund actually needs a change . A major problem certainly is - as long as I 'm here , we are always considering the successes of the past . ' Klopp will not be severing all ties with the club , however , saying that he has already reserved three season tickets for the next campaign . Before the press confernece , Klopp embraced club CEO Watzke , who said : ` We had talks with Jurgen in the last days and came to the mutual decision that the way will end at the end of the season . ` It has been difficult for us because we have a very special relationship with each other . You can be certain that all the Borussen will forever be thankful to you . ' Klopp shakes hands with Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger before their Champions League tie in November . The news about Klopp 's future will place a number of Premier League clubs on alert . Bundesliga 2010-11 , 2011-12 . German Cup 2011-12 . DFL-Supercup 2013 , 2014 . T-Home Supercup 2008 . UEFA Champions League runner-up 2012-13 . German Manager of the Year 2011 , 2012 . KLOPP 'S RECORD AT DORTMUND . Pld 309 W 175 D 67 L 67 Win % 56.63 . An equally emotional Dortmund sporting manager Michael Zorc told Klopp : ` I think we wrote a modern fairytale in the last years with you as the key figure , Jurgen . ` Everyone at BVB , especially the players , should give you the send-off you deserve in the next weeks . ' In his time at the Westfalenstadion , he has won two Bundesliga titles and the German Cup , as well as guiding the team to the Champions League final in 2013 . Bild reported that the former Mainz coach Thomas Tuchel , 41 , is in the frame to take over though Watzke was not prepared to comment on Klopp 's successor . Although Klopp is contracted to Dortmund until 2018 , he is seeking a new challenge following a difficult season in which the club have struggled for form . Sitting in 10th position , Dortmund find themselves 37 points behind rivals and league leaders Bayern Munich . But even this is an improvement on a catastrophic first half of the season in which they won just four league games before the winter break and sat bottom for three weeks . They suffered further embarrassment in the Champions League , beaten 3-0 at home by Juventus in the second leg of their last-16 tie to complete a 5-1 aggregate defeat . Bild claimed the relationship between Klopp and bosses Watzke and Zorc has become increasingly strained . Bild also claim that Zorc met with Tuchel back in April 2014 amid speculation that Klopp was set to join a Premier League club then . 15/8 - Man City . 11/2 - Real Madrid . 6/1 - Arsenal . 6/1 - Liverpool . 7/1 - Barcelona . 10/1 - Chelsea . 10/1 - Bayern Munich . 12/1 - Man United . 17/1 - Everton . 33/1 - Southampton . 33/1 - Atletico Madrid . 45/1 - Newcastle . 45/1 - West Ham . Odds courtesy of Paddy Power , correct at time of publication .