French trainer Freddy Head has favourably compared his 2,000 Guineas hope Ride Like The Wind to last year 's fifth-placed runner Charm Spirit , who landed three Group One races in 2014 . Ride Like The Wind was one of 34 colts which remain in the first Classic of the season run on Saturday , May 2 . Ride Like The Wind won just one of his four starts last season but he has run twice this term , posting a career best on his most recent start when landing the Group Three Prix Djebel by a head . French trainer Freddy Head likens his 2,000 Guineas hope Ride Like The Wind to Charm Spirit . Both the runner-up that day , Make Believe , and the fifth home , Sinfonietta , could reoppose in the Guineas to make it a three-pronged French assault on the 2,000 Guineas . Head said : ` Ride Like The Wind will run in the 2,000 Guineas . He has done very well since his last race , his work has been good , and I think that he has improved a bit . ` He is on the same sort of level as Charm Spirit was at this time last year . They are similar horses in that they tend to be a bit keen and if Ride Like The Wind settles better than Charm Spirit did last year I think that he has a good chance . Head says Ride Like The Wind is ` on the same sort of level ' as Charm Spirit was at this time last year . ` That is why I have given him two runs already this season , to get the freshness out of him before the Guineas . ` I was very happy with his Prix Djebel victory . He settled then quickened well and it was to his credit that he won despite being held up at the back of the field when the pace was slow . ` The undulations at Newmarket wo n't be a problem for him and although seven furlongs is a good trip for him at the moment I think that he will stay a mile as long as he relaxes . ' The Aidan O'Brien-trained pair of Gleneagles and Highland Reel head the 2,000 Guineas entries . Also still in contention are the three winners of last week 's Classic trials -- Kool Kompany -LRB- Craven Stakes -RRB- , Home Of The Brave -LRB- Free Handicap -RRB- and Muhaarar -LRB- Greenham Stakes -RRB- . Gleneagles and Highland Reel , both trained by Aidan O'Brien , lead the entries for the 2,000 Guineas . Roger Varian 's impressive Newbury winner Intilaaq could still be supplemented to the Guineas . Connections would have to pay £ 30,000 on Monday to add him to the line-up . One colt who is looking likely to be supplemented to the 2,000 Guineas field is Godolphin 's Territories , who has pleased Andre Fabre since winning a Group Three at Longchamp . A statement on Godolphin 's website quoted Fabre as saying : ` Territories has come out of his trial very well and has come on for the run . At this stage , a supplementary entry in the 2000 Guineas at Newmarket is under serious consideration and we are 90 % certain to take that route , subject to the horse continuing to please me . '