Steven Howie -LRB- pictured -RRB- left his girlfriend with 18 injuries after assaulting her over a period of an hour in the room at a lonely inn on New Year 's Eve . A thug beat up his girlfriend so badly after a cancelled New Year 's Eve party that their hotel room resembled a ` bloodbath ' , a court has heard . Steven Howie , 28 , of Dunfermline , left his girlfriend Karen Murray , 31 , with 18 separate injuries after assaulting her over an hour . Howie , a joiner , punched , kicked and kneed her during a prolonged assault , smashed furnishings , and pulled the door of their en-suite bathroom off its hinges . Because the inn was so isolated Miss Murray was unable to get a signal to call police and officers only arrived after guests in another room dialled 999 . Stirling Sheriff Court heard that Howie and Miss Murray had been dating for about four months when they checked into the Carronbridge Hotel , in the Campsie Fells . The court heard they then travelled into Stirling for Hogmanay celebrations at Stirling Castle , which were meant to have been headlined by The Waterboys . Lindsey Brooks , prosecuting , said that ` alcohol was consumed ' and at one point there was an argument about Howie speaking to another female . Miss Brooks said the argument was quickly resolved , but the Stirling Castle event was cancelled due to bad weather and the pair took a taxi back to the hotel about 10.30 pm . When they got back to their room Howie began to shout and swear at Miss Murray calling her a whore and a liar . The depute fiscal said : ` Miss Murray said it came out of the blue . The accused then punched her in the face , causing her nose to bleed , punched her in the stomach , and kneed her in the back numerous times . The couple were staying at the Carronbridge Hotel -LRB- pictured -RRB- when he beat her in a brutal and sustained attack . ` Miss Murray was unsure how long this went on for , but she was able eventually to get the accused out of the room and lock the door . ` She was unable to call the police because of poor phone reception . ` A couple staying in the room next door heard a disturbance ongoing on and off for about an hour . They heard male voice being abusive , and banging , and a female crying . ' The court heard half an hour later the couple heard a male voice saying ` open the door , I 'll kill you ' and a woman shouting ` go away ' . They phoned police who found Howie in the hotel car park , heavily intoxicated , with blood on his t-shirt . Miss Murray was still in the room , which had been wrecked . Mrs Brooks said : ` There was blood on the carpet , on the bedding and in the bathroom . ` The bathroom door had been pulled off its hinges and a shower door had been broken . The bed and bedding were in disarray , and there were smashed lampshades . ` Miss Murray was crying . There was also a hole in the bedroom wall . ' Howie was arrested and initially gave a false name and date of birth and made no comment to police . Miss Murray was taken to hospital in Larbert , Stirlingshire , where a police surgeon found she had suffered 18 separate injuries . They included a bruising under the eyes and on the nose , damaged lips , scratches , and bruises to her jaw , both arms and both shoulders , her leg and thigh and her abdominal wall . According to the police surgeon , they were the result of ` moderate to severe force ' . The pair were due to attend Hogmanay celebrations at Stirling Castle -LRB- pictured -RRB- on New Year 's Eve last year . Howie has now admitted threatening violence , assaulting and injuring Miss Murray , causing damage to the room , and giving a false name to police . His defence agent James Moncrieff said today : ` Since this incident , Mr Howie has not consumed any alcohol . ` He is extremely remorseful and recognises that this is a very serious offence . ` The report makes clear that Mr Howie has had a troubled background . ' Mr Moncrieff told the court that Howie and his girlfriend are planning on rekindling their relationship . He added : ` He accepts and she accepts that they are both going to have to address what happened on the night in question . ' Sheriff Wyllie Robertson told Howie : ` I have taken account of all that has been said on your behalf . ` I am told that your partner who is the complainer , appears to wish to continue a relationship with you , that is a factor that I have taken into account . ` These offences are examples of sustained violence . ' Sheriff Robertson said that ` in relation to the circumstances of the offences ' and despite the complainers desire to continue the relationship , there is ` no alternative to a custodial sentence . ' He sentenced Howie to eight months in prison .