Everton manager Roberto Martinez insists he is not worried that Romelu Lukaku 's new agent will destabilise the player -- even though incendiary comments last week look like they were made with that intention . Lukaku was absent injured as Phil Jagielka 's goal settled this match to give Everton a third straight victory . But the win came in the wake of Lukaku 's new agent Mino Raiola saying Lukaku would never have signed for Everton had he been his representative earlier . ` Later on , he 'll play for one of world 's best teams : PSG , Manchester City , Manchester United or Bayern Munich , ' Raiola said , sparking uncertainty over the future of the 21-year-old Belgian , who became Everton 's record signing when moving from Chelsea for £ 28million last summer . Romelu Lukaku -LRB- left -RRB- has had some big claims made about him by his new agent Mino Raiola -LRB- right -RRB- . Roberto Martinez has dismissed claims suggesting his star striker could leave Goodison Park . Southampton have scored just five goals in nine games since the start of February -LRB- 0.55 per game -RRB- . This is less than a third the rate before that -LRB- 1.68 per game -RRB- . ` In the modern game you do n't get the values of 25 years ago , ' said Martinez , implying a decline in standards of behaviour by agents . ` But when you have a player on a long-term contract there is nothing to discuss . That is straightforward and clear . ' Lukaku signed a five-year contract at Goodison so will have four years remaining after this summer . ` My focus is that Rom keeps on developing , ' Martinez said . ` Without a doubt we have been the best club for him because he has had his two best seasons that he has had as a professional and we love Romelu . Agent Raiola said he would have never sanctioned Lukaku 's £ 28million move to Goodison Park . Raiola hinted that Everton are just a stepping stone for Lukaku on his route to the very top . ` It has been a joy to see him developing , there is going to be a lot of talk when you score goals as a striker , you are going to get the attraction of other teams ... If an agent is going to make those comments , then it is normal that you are going to ask about it . An agent can say whatever they want and it is down to everyone else to see what is behind it . ' Martinez 's counterpart , Ronald Koeman , admitted Saints 's chances of Champions League football next season were all but extinguished by this defeat . ` It 's not realistic -LSB- now -RSB- to finish in the top four , ' he said . '