Demi Moore may be about to boost her fortune , but not because of any new film contract . The actress is selling the Manhattan penthouse she once shared with ex-husband Bruce Willis with an asking price of $ 75million which is exactly half of her total estimated fortune of $ 150million . And if the penthouse sells for that much , it will break the record for the most expensive co-op apartment ever sold on the Upper West Side . Moore and Willis purchased the south tower penthouse on the 28th floor of the historic San Remo apartment building in 1990 from Saturday Night Fever producer Robert Stigwood , in addition to a two-bedroom maisonette on the lobby floor . Scroll down for video . Moving out : Demi Moore is selling the Manhattan penthouse apartment she once shared with ex-husband Bruce Willis for a $ 75million asking price . ` We looked at everything on the park , Fifth Avenue , Central Park South and Central Park West , and there was just nothing like it , ' Moore told the New York Times of her house search . ` The location , architecture and history of the San Remo were on a completely different level . ' The 14-bedroom apartment includes a 7,000 square feet of living space and wrap around terraces with views of both Central Park and the Hudson River . The couple decorated the mansion in the skies in a Southwestern mission motif , complete with cherry wood detailing and a ceramic tile fireplace . New windows have been installed in every room , the bathrooms remolded and state-of-the-art equipment like a sub-zero refrigerator and viking range installed in the kitchen . Split : The couple , pictured left in 1997 , purchased the Upper West Side home in 1990 . They split up in 2000 , and Moore says she does n't spend much time there anymore . Pictured on the right leaving the residence in 2005 . Views of Central park : If it sells for $ 75million , the home will break the record for most expensive co-op sold on the Upper West Side in history . The two towers of the San Remo building seen behind the Central Park Lake . The 24 by 17 foot dining room features a crystal chandelier . In the living room , the focal point are the windows which look out onto the boat pond in Central Park . The San Remo was designed in 1929 by American architect Emery Roth , and it was turned into a co-op in 1972 . Over the years , Moore has counted Dustin Hoffman , Diane Keaton , Steven Spielberg as neighbors - not to mention U2 frontman Bono who occupies the north tower penthouse . Moore says she is selling the apartment and maisonette since she does n't spend much time at the residence anymore . Adam D Modlin , president of the Modlin Group , is in charge of the listing and says there is no other apartment in the neighborhood to rival Moore 's . ` Compared with the other iconic private perches on the perimeter of Central Park , there just is n't anything quite like this penthouse , ' he said . ` It is the grandest residence in the south tower , the one that sits above all the others , a mansion in the clouds , and it is the largest intact park-facing residence at the San Remo with private outdoor space . ' Moore and Willis were married from 1987 until 2000 and share three daughters . The combined monthly maintenance fees for both residences is more than $ 20,000 .