A teacher at a Houston-area high school is facing disciplinary proceedings for allegedly giving students anti-Muslim propaganda during class . Officials with the Lamar Consolidated Independent School District say the eight-page handout , which included references to terrorism and beheadings , was n't approved by administrators . Authorities have n't yet released the name of the teacher at Foster High School in Richmond or what discipline he faces . The handout , entitled Islam/Radical Islam -LRB- Did You Know -RRB- , made unsubstantiated claims like : '38 percent of Muslims believe people that leave the faith should be executed ' An unnamed teacher at Foster High School in Richmond , Texas , is facing disciplinary proceedings for allegedly giving his students anti-Muslim propaganda during class . The handout , entitled Islam/Radical Islam -LRB- Did You Know -RRB- , made unsubstantiated claims like : '38 percent of Muslims believe people that leave the faith should be executed ' and that : ` There are an estimated 190-300 million ` radical Islam ' followers . ' The handout also mentioned Sharia Law , jihad , and had a section entitled ; ` If taken hostage by radical Islamists , what to do ' , report KHOU . At least one student , who was Muslim , showed the document to her parents who contacted the Council of American Islamic Relations -LRB- CAIR -RRB- . The CAIR , which has complainted to school , said on Tuesday that the documents contained erroneous information from an online anti-Muslim site . Council officials also called for the teacher to be disciplined . ` We 're disappointed to learn one teacher made independent changes to a lesson plan , resulting in information being given that did n't follow subject matter , or state and local curriculum plans , ' said a Lamar ISD spokesperson . A Muslim student showed the document to her parents who contacted the Council of American Islamic Relations and they complained to the school . ` As soon as this issue was brought to our attention , the administration addressed the situation with the teacher . ` Ensuring our students have access to factual information , given in the proper context , is a priority in our District . ` Arbitrary curriculum decisions , which are clearly outside of the guidelines , wo n't be tolerated . '