The man named as a person of interest in the disappearance of William Tyrrell was living with three young boys at the time the toddler vanished - despite authorities being aware of allegations he raped two young girls in 1987 . The New South Wales Ombudsman is investigating how Bill Spedding , 63 , who has been charged with five counts of child sexual assault and two counts of common assault , was able to live with children despite claims being made against him . The mother of the three young boys , who can not be named , was shocked to discover that the children had been living with a man accused of child abuse . ` Someone ... needs to be held accountable , ' she told The Australian . Scroll down for video . Bill Spedding was arrested and charged on Wednesday for the sexual assault of two girls in Sydney in 1987 . The boys ' grandfather told the newspaper : ` I am very concerned about what may have happened to my grandchildren . ' During a short hearing on Thursday , a court heard Spedding raped two girls aged six and three in a caravan repeatedly nearly 30 years ago . Case notes held by the NSW Department of Family and Community Services detail the allegations of abuse , court documents show . While the Ombudsman confirmed it will be ` making inquires ' into the accused sex offender 's living situation , police are expected to lay more charges against Spedding and his alleged involvement in a paedophile ring . ` Investigations are continuing concerning such matters and it is anticipated further charges will brought against the accused in the foreseeable future , ' the police fact sheet states , according to SMH . Spedding has denied any involvement in the disappearance of William , who was three years old when he vanished from his grandmother 's Kendall home in September as played , dressed in his favourite Spiderman costume . The 63-year-old was a person of interest in the case of missing toddler William Tyrrell . Police emphasise the charges against Spedding are unrelated to the case of missing boy William Tyrrell , who disappeared from Kendall in NSW 's mid north coast on September 12 last year . The disturbing historical crimes emerged after the washing machine repairman became a person of interest in the ongoing search for the three-year-old . Police will allege that , during a weekend in 1987 , a three year old girl was sexually penetrated four times and assaulted in a caravan , according to the Daily Telegraph . Spedding was staying in a caravan on a property in Campbelltown in Sydney 's west which was reportedly owned by his friend . In a victim statement the child , now aged in her 30s , claims she was either thrown against a wall or off the bed when she woke to found herself being raped . Margaret Spedding was pictured leaving Port Macquarie court on Thursday after her husband was refused bail . Detectives stressed that Spedding 's arrest was n't related to the four-year-old 's disappearance . Court documents reveal that the mother and grandmother of the victim recall the three-year-old being greatly troubled by pain in her vagina and telling them that ` Bill did it ' , according to SMH . She was ` ill and continually vomiting ' the following day and had ` extensive , black coloured bruising to her vagina and legs ' , according to the Daily Telegraph . At the time , the child sex assault unit at Westmead Hospital assessed the two children and determined that the three-year-old had been sexually penetrated in a number of ways . The six-year-old 's injuries were also ruled to have been caused by penetration . Spedding 's lawyer Robert Hoyles said the accused is adamant he is innocent and has done nothing wrong . ` One might say Mr Spedding will deny these allegations until his final breath , ' Mr Hoyles said . Mr Spedding refused to take part in a formal interview at Port Macquarie police station on Wednesday night , according to SMH . This comes as police returned to the 63-year-old 's home on Monday for a third time this year after it was unveiled that he was due to fix William 's grandmother 's washing machine around the time the boy vanished . Spedding was arrested at his Bonny Hills home on the NSW mid-north coast at about 1.30 pm on Wednesday . The court heard Spedding denied the claims when police initially put them to him in the 1980s . The case is only as strong as it was in 1987 , Mr Hoyles said . He argued that to detain a man with no criminal record for such an historical matter when a trial was up to a year away would be a great injustice . However , the magistrate found Spedding had not shown cause as to why detention was unjustified given the serious nature of the offences and Spedding was denied bail . Despite the obscenity of the charges , Spedding 's wife Margaret supported him in court and they pressed their hands against the glass when he was refused bail , according to SMH . Mr Spedding applied for bail on Thursday but it was refused by Magistrate Thomas Hodgson . He will next appear in court on June 18 . The 63-year-old was arrested at his Bonny Hills home on the NSW mid-north coast on Wednesday after five detectives descended on his property . His wife Margaret was in court as Spedding made his bid for bail . Spedding is believed to have said ` no ' when five detectives asked him to go with them in the unmarked police car on Wednesday , Fairfax reported . While Spedding 's wife , Margaret , was seen yelling at reporters during the arrest at their home . Just hours earlier , it was revealed that William 's grandmother asked Spedding , a few days before her grandson disappeared from her garden , to fix her washing machine because she was expecting her family to stay over , The Daily Telegraph reported . This contradicts reports that her family 's visit was unexpected . Spedding is believed to have said ` no ' when five detectives asked him to go with them in the unmarked police car . Spedding was due to fix William 's grandmother 's washing machine around the time the boy vanished . This week investigators visited Spedding 's home for the third time this year before his arrest . It comes after police revealed they believe William may be alive , despite fears that he was abducted by a paedophile ring operating on the mid-north coast of NSW . Investigators believe the boy was snatched during a very short window of time when he was out of sight of his family as he played outside . Police have visited Spedding 's home three other times this year after becoming a person of interest in the case of the missing toddler . The parents of the missing three-year-old released new pictures of their son and a video pleading for his return by abductors who are believed to have snatched him in broad daylight last September . Investigators believe he was snatched during a very short window of time when he was out of sight of his family as he played outside . The parents have urged anyone with information to contact Crime Stoppers immediately on 1800 333 000 . The release of the video comes more than a month since police scoured bushland in Bonny Hills , south of Port Macquarie , for evidence relating to William 's whereabouts . Police divers were brought in from Sydney to search a murky dam in a bush reserve and a nearby swamp , after more than 30 officers and the dog squad had spent spent two days searching through dense bushland - including along a track that can only be accessed by four-wheel drive . The three-day search was carried out near Mr Spedding 's home . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .