It 's every interviewer 's worst nightmare . Ask the wrong question and you find your interviewee walking out on you mid sentence . Which is exactly what happened when Channel 4 news presenter Krishnan Guru-Murthy tried to ask the actor Robert Downey Jr about his drug-taking past . After questioning the 50-year-old actor as to whether he had managed to fight his demons the actor said : ` I 'm sorry , I really do n't ... what are we doing ? ' before walking out of the interview . Channel 4 presenter Krishnan Guru-Murthy looks bemused as Robert Downey Junior walks out on an interview with him after the journalist asked him about his personal life . In the footage of the short-lived chat Krishnan is then seen looking dumbfounded as Robert goes to head out of the room . The American star is in London to promote his new film Avengers : Age of Ultron but became aggravated when the chat took a turn for the personal . Seemingly amused with the reaction , Guru-Murthy is then seen smiling and gesticulating as a production team-member tried to remove Robert 's clip-on microphone . At that point he turns and says : ` It 's all getting a bit Diane Sawyer -LSB- a U.S. journalist known for her investigative interviewing -RSB- . ' The horror was clear to see on Robert 's face as he questioned Krishnan about where he was trying to take their chat . But Robert is n't the first celebrity to lose his cool in the face of an awkward line of questioning . Naomi Campbell , Robert Pattinson and Peter Andre have all cut their chat time short - especially when , like with Mr Downey Jr , the conversation has turned to their private lives . Justin Bieber was once angered by a radio show host asked him about his friendship with One Direction and compared him to Justin Timberlake . And Rihanna became annoyed in Australia and cut off a chat about her film Battleship when questions began to focus on her love life . Here are the celebrities who could n't stand the heat so they got out of the interview : . The model Naomi Campbell is known for her firey temper and stormed out of an interview - breaking a camera in her wake - after being asked about a blood diamond she had apparently been given . NAOMI CAMPBELL . In April 2010 Naomi Campbell , who is known for her fiery temper , stormed out of an interview with ABC news kicking their camera over on the way . The reporter had asked the supermodel about whether she had received a blood diamond from the deposed Liberian despot Charles Taylor . Naomi said : ` I did n't receive a blood diamond and I 'm not going to speak about that . ' The interviewer continued to push the 44-year-old until she ended the chat curtly saying : ` Thank you very much , ' and walking off . In court Naomi later admitted that she had been given , ` a few dirty rocks , ' by Taylor when she testified against him . Robert Pattinson became incredibly awkward whilst , when promoting Twilight : New Moon , he was asked about his relationship with Kristen Stewart . ROBERT PATTINSON . When Robert Pattinson was promoting the Twilight film New Moon in 2009 he had an awkward run-in with Ryan Seacrest . Ryan starts the interview by asking Rob about how he is finding fame but the conversation quickly turned to his then relationship with his co-star Kristen Stewart . Ryan quizzed the actor on what he tells fans when they ask about their relationship at which point his PR swiftly interjects and reprimands the Radio host . Rob becomes visibly awkward and is ushered out of the interview as a stunned Seacrest reveals that it 's the first time he 's ever been cut off . As Rob leaves he jokes that he would tell his fans to watch this film but it does n't do anything to ease the awkward tension . Justin Bieber might be close friends with One Direction but he did n't like it when a radio host asked about whether Harry Styles would flirt with his mum . JUSTIN BIEBER . In 2012 pop singer Justin Bieber did an incredibly awkward interview with the online American radio show , MOJO In The Morning . The host describes how the interview went ` horribly wrong , ' saying that Justin initially got offended when he compared him to Justin Timberlake . Justin says : ` That 's crazy ` cos our voices sound nothing alike ... saying I sound like someone is not really a compliment . ' He then got upset when the interviewer started asking him about One Direction , in particular Harry Styles . The presenter questions him : ` Do you worry about Harry around your mum as he seems to like older women ? ' to which Justin retorts , ` I think you should worry about me round your mum , so ... ' The radio host then informs Justin that his mum is dead and the pop star hangs up on him . An awkward chat with Justin 's ` people ' ensued in which MOJO are told the singer wo n't be calling back . Peter Andre tried to keep his cool when he was interviewed by Kay Burley in 2010 but when the conversation turned to his children the TV presenter managed to reduce him to tears . PETER ANDRE . In 2010 Peter Andre joined Kay Burley on the coach for Sky News and she proceeded to prod him on his ex-wife Katie Price 's recent marriage to Alex Reid . In particular the TV presenter was keen to know whether Peter and Katie 's children were aware that their mother had re-married . Which lead them on to the subject of the model 's first son Harvey . Harvey was the child of Price and footballer Dwight Yorke - although he was largely bought up by Andre , who still plays a role in his life to this day . During the segment Kay played Peter a clip of Dwight insinuating that the singer should never have said that he wanted to adopt the boy with whom the footballer has very little contact . An understandably defensive Peter went on to question whether Yorke had seen his son and to question why he Dwight would find Peter disrespectful when all he did was love his son . Kay then asked Peter how he would feel is Alex Reid wanted to adopt his two children Junior and Princess at which point the singer became upset asking for the interview to be terminated . Rihanna cut an interview with Australian show Sunrise short when the interviewer asked her about her love life . RIHANNA . Rihanna was in Australia to promote her film Battleship in April 2012 when she became angry with a reporter from the show Sunrise . During an interview reporter Natalie Barr asked the star how frustrating it was to be linked to Hollywood names even if she was n't dating them . To which Rihanna replied : ` Very frustrating . Almost as frustrating as being asked about it . ' She went on to say : ` People are interested in a lot of things that do n't matter or should n't . ' Before ending the interview . It was n't exactly S Club 7 themselves who decided to walk out on Claudia Winkleman who had an interview cut short with the band by their PR . S CLUB 7 . In one of the most bizarre celebrity walk-outs of all time S Club 7 were forced to leave an interview with Claudia Winkleman by their screaming PR . It was 2003 and the band were discussing their imminent split with the TV presenter when she began to ask them about money . It had been rumoured at the time that , despite their manager Simon Fuller being worth around £ 90million , the band had n't been making enough money . Claudia asked them : ` There are rumours , I do n't know how true they are , that you guys are grumpy that you have n't made a mint . . ' The bands PR then storms in saying : ` I 'm not having this ! I 've had to come on here to get you to stop . Can you get up ? We 're going . ' The Bee Gees had one of the most famous walk outs ever when they cut an interview with Clive Anderson short . BEE GEES . It 's one of the most famous walk outs of all time when in 1997 Clive Anderson managed to annoy not one , not two but all three of the Bee Gees . Clive tries to joke with the band but after calling Barry Gibb a ` t ***** ' he said : ` We 're getting on like a storm , are n't we Clive ? In fact I might just leave . ' Robin and Maurice then followed at which point Clive revealed that he 'd never had someone walk off before .