Following all his inspired charity work , Didier Drogba has been awarded with a Barclays Spirit of the Game trophy . The Chelsea forward set up the ` Didier Drogba Foundation in Africa , ' as he hopes to inspire the next generation of footballers in Africa to fall in love with the game . The 37-year-old , who scored against Leicester on Wednesday , spoke in the video about his experiences growing up in the Ivory Coast and his love for football . Didier Drogba with the Barclays Spirit of the Game award following all the charity work he 's done in Africa . The Ivorian scored the equaliser for Chelsea against Leicester on Wednesday , his seventh of the season . He said ` I come from a poor family where I played football in the streets with my friends with no shoes , there was no grass but we still enjoyed it . ` There is nothing better than when you see a kid with a smile on his face and that is why I 'm trying to help . I want to do a lot of things in Africa , I want to give people the chance to dream , and it is easier to dream when you are in good health and happy . ' Zebeto is one of the children inspired by Drogba and he hopes to follow in his heroes footsteps . Drogba loves to make the children of his home country happy and visits the foundation regularly . In the latest Barclays video they spoke a young boy growing up in the Ivory Coast called Zebeto , who has been inspired by Drogba and dreams about following his hero . The ` Didier Drogba Foundation , ' contribute financial and material support in education and health including school bags for the school children , as well as a medical clinic in his hometown of Abidjan , Ivory Coast , which will be opening its doors later this year . Chelsea 's stars such as Eden Hazard , Petr Cech and Branislav Ivanovic were out in force earlier this month as they raises £ 400,000 for the foundation at a charity ball . The money raised will be used to complete the medical clinic in Abidjan and help finance mobile clinics that will travel outside of the capital to those who are either to sick or poor to make the journey to the medical centre .