She only gave birth to daughter James three months ago , but Blake Lively is already showcasing her incredible post-baby body in all its glory . The 27-year-old actress , who welcomed her first child with Ryan Reynolds in January , has been out and about promoting her upcoming movie roles -LRB- and her new figure -RRB- . So what 's her secret ? Long walks , yoga , hiking ... and chocolate , it has been revealed . Blake Lively shows off her post-baby body in a plunging pink dress as she arrives at the Live With Kelly And Michael studios in New York on Tuesday morning . Although she has been parading her enviable curves at various events to promote her new movie , Age Of Adaline , in which she stars alongside Michiel Huisman and Harrison Ford , Blake says losing weight has n't been a priority . Speaking to YOU magazine , Blake said : ` Losing weight is not something I have spent much time focusing on . With a new baby , it 's just about eating well for her , because everything I eat goes right into her system . ` Your body goes through a lot after pregnancy and birth , so small , gentle workouts feel better . ' Since welcoming her daughter , she has shunned the gym in favour of al fresco activities . She said : ` I hate the gym . Who does n't ? When I 'm in the gym I feel like I am missing out . I would rather rent a bike or go for a hike . ' Blake has been showcasing her trim figure in a variety of outfits , left and centre , at the Good Morning America studios and , right , on SiriusXM later on . Preserve striped wrap dress . Get Blake 's dress ! Visit site . That 's quite an outfit , Blake . The bold pink hue , the contrasting black stripes and the lace up sandals - it 's a little overboard all together in our opinion . But on their own ? Absolutely . If you 're looking to make a statement , then this dress is ideal with its stand-out design and is available , of course , on Blake Lively 's lifestyle site - Preserve . Preserve is essentially a hand selection of products from artisans all over America who care about how things are made . This dress is one of many products on Blake 's site , and it retails at just under $ 300 . Click right to make it yours today ! And Fashion Finder as ever has made your life easier by rounding up some similar pretty pink options in the carousel below . You 're welcome ! Diane von Furstenberg New Julian Two Mini Wrap Dress at Shopbop -LRB- Now $ 278.60 -RRB- . Visit site . New York & Company Wrap-Front Belted Shirt Dress -LRB- Now $ 45.46 -RRB- . Visit site . Lands End Women 's Petite Knit Shirred Surplice Dress -LRB- Now $ 24.99 -RRB- . Visit site . Trina Turk Jeanna Dress at Zappos . Visit site . According to Yahoo! Health , Blake took prenatal yoga classes right up until her due date - and it seems that hard work pays off . Despite her trim figure , the cooking fanatic , who has her own blog , admits that she ` loves ' to eat chocolate . A month after having her baby , Blake posted a picture of a hot chocolate with the caption , ` Name one thing better in winter than City Bakery hot chocolate ... that 's what I thought . ' Although she has been parading her enviable curves at various events to promote her new movie , Blake , pictured arriving at Sirius radio in New York on Tuesday , says losing weight has n't been a priority . In past interviews , Blake has explained that she prefers to fill her diet with fresh produce , blended juices and lean proteins . A source revealed that she had been eating plenty of lean proteins like turkey , chicken and venison to shed the baby weight . Despite her envy-inducing figure , Blake admitted that she has insecure days just like everyone else . She admitted : ` Some days I look in the mirror and think , `` Oh my gosh . I look like a potato . '' You think that I would never feel bad about myself ? I 'm a human being - everybody has their insecurities . ` Ask Gisele -LSB- Bündchen -RSB- or Beyoncé . They will tell you that some days , they do n't feel good about themselves . ' Style chameleon : Her fifth look of the day was a pastel pink coat with matching high-waisted trousers and a tight mesh top , paired with some simple earrings by Lorraine Schwartz . Blake has been showcasing her new figure in a variety of on-trend outfits at various events and personal appearances to promote her acting roles . During one interview , she finally revealed why she gave her daughter the moniker James - a name traditionally given to a boy . She told the host : ` It 's a family name , and I liked having a boy 's name . ' Blake also revealed that if she had one piece of advice for her beloved daughter , it would be , ` do n't let anyone tell you no . ' The 27-year-old actress also jokingly shared with host Jimmy Fallon that her 38-year-old spouse is ` pathetic ' at parenting even revealing : ` I do everything , he does nothing ! ' At the Reynolds ' household , the first-time parents currently have a bit of a competition regarding their only child . ` We 're total rivals , ' she shared explaining that she and Ryan are trying hard to teach little James to say her first word of ` dada ' or ` mama . ' ` Dada is banned in our house ! ' Blake admitted . By Royal appointment : Blake appeared to be off to a very fancy ball in this graphic print gown . This is getting silly now ! For her eighth and final outfit , Blake went for the '70s retro look in these harem style trousers . Going wild : The star appears to be having lots of fun with her fashion as she enjoys a little time off from mommy duties . Blake and husband Ryan Reynolds , left , in October when she was pregnant , and , right , before falling pregnant .