The father of two British jihadis who were killed while fighting in Syria has left the UK and travelled to Libya in a bid to find his eldest son and bring him home . Abubaker Deghayes , 46 , has left his home in Brighton in an attempt to rescue his son Amer , who travelled to the Middle East in January last year . The 21-year-old has been fighting for the organisation Jabhat al-Nusra , a group affiliated with al-Qaeda , who are battling the Islamic State and Syrian forces . Abubaker Deghayes , whose two sons died while fighting in Syria . He has now left his home in Brighton to travel to the Middle East to bring home his remaining son Amer , who is also in Syria . Mr Deghayes eldest son Amer , who is fighting for the Jabhat al-Nusra , a group affiliated with al-Qaeda , who are battling the Islamic State and Syrian forces . He has not been in contact with his father . Mr Deghayes two younger sons were killed fighting Syrian government forces in two separate incidents last year . Abdullah , 18 , was killed last April after suffering a bullet wound to his stomach and Jaffar , 17 , was reported dead six months later after being shot in the head during a battle in Aleppo . And after not hearing from Amer , who is also in Syria , for nearly four weeks , he says he is on his way to the country to rescue his son . Mr Deghayes has insisted he has not ` run away ' to join the fight and has informed British authorities of his intentions to rescue his last-remaining son . It is believed he is with his brother Omar Deghayes , with the pair currently in Tripoli , the capital of Libya , after travelling via Italy and Tunisia . Omar was previously held by the US as an enemy combatant at the notorious Guantanamo Bay detention centre between 2002 and 2007 , but was released without charge . Speaking from Libya , Mr Deghayes said : ` I am in Tripoli at the moment in Libya . ` It looks and sounds like I have run away from the authorities but I did n't leave until I informed them , through my lawyers , what I was intending to do . ` I will go and try to bring Amer home . I told people that I have been going to Syria long before the government started to change its stance on people going out there . ' Mr Deghayes younger sons Abdullah , left , and Jaffar , right , who were both killed in separate incidents while fighting in Syria . Jaffar Deghayes was spotted leaving Gatwick Airport for Syria with three other men from the Portsmouth area . Mr Deghayes found out that his first son , Abdullah , had died in Syria when his eldest son Amer called him and told him . It is not the first time he has pleaded with his sons to come home , and he once travelled to Turkey and met Jaffar and Abdullah to try and stop them from entering Syria , but failed . His dramatic rescue could also be in vain as in November Amer said he would n't come back to the UK until ` all Muslim lands are liberated ' and that jihad was ` not for tasters . ' Mr Deghayes also insisted that he could have easily joined the fighting if he wanted to , but chose not to because he disagrees with war . He added : ` If I wanted to join the fighting , I could have done so easily . But out of personal belief and nature , and not the government , I have n't . I do n't like wars and bloodshed . ` I am fine and all is well . I shall be back in Brighton soon . ' Mr Deghayes is a trustee of a local mosque in East Sussex , and is a controversial figure , who once said a suicide attack on Tony Blair could be morally justified . He was secretly recorded at a mosque in 2006 branding the then prime minister and US president George W Bush ` legitimate targets ' . He previously insisted that his three sons were not ` terrorists ' but had travelled to Syria to defend ` those who are weak ' . Amer Deghayes -LRB- centre , in grey -RRB- was the first of his family to leave for Syria , telling his parents he wanted to be an aid worker . Brother Abdullah -LRB- front left -RRB- and Jaffar -LRB- front right -RRB- followed soon after . The Deghayes brothers while they were young . Their family insist they went to Syria to help the weak . He said his sons had been ` stubborn ' about travelling to Syria after seeing videos of the atrocities online . In a film released last year , Amer said he had no intention of returning to Britain , adding : ` My work here is not done . I came here to give victory to the people and make sure that they receive justice , and we still have n't reached the goal yet . ' He added : ` I 'm in the Syrian civil war because I believe it 's my duty to fight here ... The Muslim nation is like one body . If one part complains , the other parts react , so I do n't see it as a Syrian conflict . I see it as an Islamic conflict . ' Since Amer travelled to Syria , he has been in regular contact with his father and mother Einas Abulsayen via Skype . It was during two such phonecalls that be broke the news that his brothers had been killed . The first call came in April . Speaking about Abdullah 's death at the time , Mr Deghayes said : ` Amer told me Abdullah advanced into territory of the Syrian army then a sniper shot him in the chest . Mr Deghayes is believed to have travelled to Libya with his brother Omar , pictured , who was previously held by the US as an enemy combatant at the notorious Guantanamo Bay detention centre . ` He fell on the ground and looked at the sky and laughed . You feel he died a good death as a Muslim . As a martyr , he goes to paradise . But at the same time you feel sad for the loss . ' Meanwhile when Jaffar died six months later , he added : ` Amer sent me a message via the internet . All I know is that -LRB- Jaffar -RRB- was fighting against Assad and was killed in battle . ` I do n't know much else . I can only hope and pray to God to accept him and have mercy on him . ' The Brighton father 's attempt to rescue his son comes as reports suggested a 17-year-old girl from Brighton was stopped at Gatwick Airport , West Sussex , on suspicion of attempting to join jihadis in Syria . The teenager is described as a close friend of the Deghayes family . Sussex Police have urged members of the public with concerns or information about anyone planning to travel to Syria to contact them . The force said in a statement : ` The Government advice continues to be that no one should travel to these war zones and that the most effective way to help the affected population is through humanitarian support . '