The former police chief of two small towns where Warren Jeffs ' church dominates has admitted putting the church 's interests above the law out of fear his family would be taken away . In an interview with ABC News , Helaman Barlow , who was chief of the bordering towns of Colorado City , Arizona , and Hildale , Utah , says he is revealing the secrets after leaving the church behind . His account comes amid reports that Jeffs continues to direct the Fundamentalist Church of Latter-Day Saints despite being in prison for marrying and raping two 12-year-old girls . Other accounts say that some of its former adherents - including Barlow - are turning their backs on the church and changing the towns by setting up public schools and auctioning off property . Scroll down for video . Speaking out : Helaman Barlow , who was chief of the bordering towns of Colorado City , Arizona , and Hildale , Utah , said he acted on the orders of the church 's leader , Warren Jeffs , out of fear of losing his family . The changes are welcome for Barlow , who said he lived in fear that Jeffs and other leaders would take his wife and children away from him if he did n't act as they wanted . After joining the force 20 years ago , Barlow said he quickly learned that officers worked with the church 's security unit , known as ` The God Squad ' . ` This community has always been a theocracy , ' he said . ` They have a huge network of cameras in this community . They can watch every street . ' He told the U.S. Department of Justice that marshals knew of underage marriages that were taking place in the community and failed to do anything to stop it . He said he was also asked by a city official to alter police reports . Locked up : Fundamentalist Church of Latter-Day Saints leader Warren Jeffs , left in his mug shot and right in prison in 2008 , is serving life behind bars for marrying and having sex with two underage girls . Former life : Barlow is pictured during his time as police chief but said he has now left the church . Barlow added that when Jeffs was on the run and being sought as one of the FBI 's ` Most Wanted ' , he taped conversations with law enforcement officials and passed them onto Jeffs . ` I knew it was wrong , but it was a way for me to keep my value up , ' he told ABC News . He said he acted in ways he now regrets because he feared that his family would be taken away . ` With one phone call , he could call me and say , `` yeah , you 're out '' , ' he said . ` Then he could call -LSB- my wife -RSB- and say , `` he had no priesthood , he has to go , you have to leave him '' . ' Barlow said after years of protecting the church , he eventually decided to leave . He has since grown out his hair and his beard to signal that he is turning his back on them . ` I stopped and realized that the religion that I was trying to go to , the church I was trying to attend , was nothing like the church that I was raised in , that I was born into , that I was married in , ' he said . Community : The church determines much of the activity in Hildale , Utah , which is seen at the base of Red Rock Cliff mountains , and its sister city , Colorado City , Arizona , in the foreground . ` It was entirely different ... then I stopped and went , `` why am I trying to go to a different church than I believe in ? I 'm done with that '' . ' Federal investigators are now suing the towns ' governments , accusing them of being controlled by the church . In a statement , an attorney for the local governments denied that officials are controlled by the church . Of Barlow , he added : ` We question his credibility , since he repeatedly lied under oath ' - an accusation Barlow has not denied . See below for video .