Exhausted , scared and undoubtedly hungry , eleven-year-old Luke Shambrook was sitting alone on a hillside at the moment rescuers in an increasingly desperate search finally reached him after five days . As a police helicopter hovered overhead guiding searchers to the spot and capturing dramatic video , Luke , who suffers autism , peered out from behind trees in the Fraser National Park north-east of Melbourne . The amazing video shows the moment a uniformed police officer reaches the boy first and appears to take his hand to reassure him he was finally safe , before other rescuers join the scene , with one of them unfolding a foil blanket and wrapping it around the boys shoulders . Scroll down for video . Autistic boy Luke Shambrook , 11 , was sitting on the side of a hill peering between trees toward a police helicopter at the moment he was found save after surviving for a remarkable five days on his own in the bush . Luke went missing from the Candlebark Campground in the Fraser National Park near Lake Eildon , north-east of Melbourne , on Friday . He was found just before midday AEST on Tuesday in thick bushland off Skyline Road , Eildon , 3 km from the campsite . Luke was sitting alone and forlorn on the hill when he was spotted from the police helicopter . A camera on the helicopter captured the dramatic moment rescuers reached Luke on the fifth day of an increasingly desperate search , with a police officer the first on the scene . The officer knelt down and offered Luke reassurance he was finally safe . Other rescuers quickly followed , with one wrapping the terrified boy in a foil blanket , before he was gently taken from the bush to where he could receive proper medial attention . His parents Tim and Rachel were reunited with Luke as he was put into an ambulance in a stretcher , with his mother giving him a kiss . Luke gave his father Tim a ` big thumbs up ' when they saw each other , the family said . Luke Shambrook has been found alive after he went missing from a Victorian campsite at 9.30 am on Friday . He is suffering from dehydration and hypothermia but has been reunited with his mother Rachel -LRB- pictured left -RRB- . Luke went missing from the Candlebark Campground in the Fraser National Park near Lake Eildon , north-east of Melbourne , on Friday . Luke was found just before midday AEST on Tuesday in bushland off Skyline Road , 3 km from the campsite . ` When the rescue team found him , he was in high spirits and was walked out of the bush on his own two feet , ' they said in a statement . ` The family are very happy to be reunited . ' Luke is suffering from dehydration and hypothermia and has been driven to Alexandra Hospital to undergo further medical assessments in the company of his parents . Acting Commander Rick Nugent said : ` He 's a lucky boy , he 's a strong boy , and we are so rapt for the family and we are so thankful for the support . ' Police said he was found 3 km from where he first went missing but he could have walked much further in the days he was missing . ` Police would like to thank all those involved in the search over the past few days and appreciate the immense amount of community support , ' a spokeswoman said in a statement . On Monday a beanie believed to have belonged to Luke was found west of the campsite . Police and other emergency crews scoured the thick bushland areas around Lake Eildon for days . Luke gave his father Tim a ` big thumbs up ' when they saw each other , the family said . Luke has been driven to hospital to undergo further medical assessments in the company of his parents . His parents Tim and Rachel were reunited with Luke as he was put into an ambulance in a stretcher , with his mother giving him a kiss . Luke may not have even known he was lost and was known to frequently hide , according to his family . On Sunday , search co-ordinator Acting Senior Sergeant Andrew Walker said Luke had a ` very high pain tolerance ' , a factor that would work in his favour . ` Hence the reason why we 're out searching . We 're still hopeful that we can find him , ' Sgt Walker said . The 11-year-old , who is autistic , was reportedly seen walking near the Devils River on Sunday , four kilometres south of his campsite where he went missing from . Search crews rushed to the location and police said they believed the young boy was still alive . Police said he was found 3 km from where he first went missing but he could have walked much further in the days he was missing . He is being driven to Alexandra Hospital to undergo further medical assessments . The Shambrook family with children -LRB- left to right -RRB- Luke , 11 , Lauren , 7 , and Matthew , 10 . A Victorian Police spokeswoman told AAP late on Sunday a family saw a young boy matching Luke 's description while they were driving in the Devils River vicinity . A renewed sense of urgency gripped the search efforts for the 11-year-old as temperatures dropped as low as eight degrees Celsius in the area . ` The advice I 'm getting from our search and rescue experts having regard to the overnight temperatures and the daytime temperatures is that he could well still be out there , ' Sgt Walker said on Sunday . ` We 've got to be realists but we 're positive , the family 's positive . ' On Monday a beanie believed to have belonged to Luke was found west of the Candlebark Campground . The Candlebark Campground in Fraser National Park , central Victoria , where Luke went missing on Friday . But Luke may not have even known he was lost and was known to frequently hide , according to his family . He was last seen leaving Candlebark Campground in Fraser National Park near Lake Eildon at 9.30 am on Good Friday . Campers helped rescue teams including the air wing , dog squad , local police and SES volunteers in the search of thick bushland . Police said Luke would have been able to stay reasonably warm as he was last seen wearing a warm jacket . A large search was carried out by a medley of search and rescue teams . Lake Eildon , near where Luke went missing : Police said conditions were favourable for his survival overnight , with warm temperatures throughout the day . Having met Luke 's family during a push to open a special school in Melbourne 's south-east , Opposition emergency services spokesman Brad Battin says it was devastating to hear the 11-year-old is missing . He said Luke 's parents Tim and Rachel had been updating him on the search and appreciated the efforts of all those out looking for their little boy . ` He 's a lovely young kid , ' Mr Battin told AAP on Sunday . ` He displays all the characteristics of a child with autism , which means he might not even think he is lost . ' Sergeant Greg Paul said the search was focused on an area of several kilometres of bushland . Searchers are desperately combing bushland and the banks of a lake for an autistic who went missing there .