When Clare Hines found out she was pregnant she was faced with an agonising choice -- cancel an operation to remove the tumour growing on her brain or terminate her unborn baby . Ms Hines , then 27 , from Darra in Brisbane , had suffered epileptic seizures for 10 years but had recently noticed that her balance was gone and she was struggling to hear out of her right ear . After a number of tests doctors discovered she had a benign tumour that had wrapped itself around her acoustic , facial and balance nerve -- and told her she had have it surgically removed or she risked the tumour turning malignant . Scroll down for video . Clare Hines , who lives in Brisbane , was diagnosed with a brain tumour after suffering epileptic seizures . One week before brain surgery she found out she was pregnant . She went against doctors ' warnings to keep the baby and give birth to her son Noah . But in February 2012 , one week before she was due to go into surgery , she took a pregnancy test that turned out positive . ` I went to doctor booked and told her I 've been the pill for 10 years - this was n't planned , ' Ms Hines told Daily Mail Australia . ` She asked me ` What do you want to do , do you want to carry on with pregnancy or have your surgery ? ' ` I felt sick - how can you ask somebody that ? ' Doctors warned Ms Hines that the baby would not survive being under general anaesthetic for 12 hours if she had the operation . They also warned her that if she kept the baby , her pregnancy hormones would likely cause the tumour to grow significantly . Her baby was also at a higher risk of being born with birth defects , but she decided to push ahead with the pregnancy . Seven weeks after Noah was born , Ms Hines and their newborn flew back to her home of Manchester in the UK to finally undergo surgery to remove her brain tumour , which had almost doubled in size . Ms Hines is pictured seeing Noah for the first time in three weeks , after her brain surgery . ` I 'm a strong believer in fate -- I thought this is meant to happen and maybe this baby is going to be my strength to get me through , ' she said . ` All my friends were really shocked - friends said ` How could you be so stupid ? ' ` But I thought you know what , it 's nothing to do with you it 's my choice . ' Ms Hines ' pregnancy was difficult and she suffered from exhaustion , stress and anxiety -- but the real test came when she went into labour . ` It was the worst labour ever , I had three seizures in the middle , ' she said . ` When you seizure all your muscles contract and they could basically squash the baby . ' Doctors made the decision to perform an emergency caesarean and Ms Hines gave birth to her son Noah on October 16 , 2012 . ` He was n't breathing when he was born he had to be resuscitated , that was the shock of the birth , ' she said . ` At first we did n't hear any cries . Doctors had to perform an emergency caesarean after Ms Hines suffered three seizures during labour . Ms Hines said she and her husband Marcus were very worried about Noah , but tests showed he was healthy . ` But then he opened his mouth and his vocal cords started working . He only cried for like 30 seconds and he did n't cry for five days afterwards . ' Ms Hines said she and her husband Marcus Hines were very worried about Noah , but tests showed he was healthy . ` He had 10 toes , 10 fingers , his hearing and eyesight were good - everything seemed to be fine , ' she said . Seven weeks after Noah was born , Mr and Ms Hines and their newborn flew back to her home of Manchester in the UK to finally undergo surgery to remove her brain tumour , which had almost doubled in size . ` I wanted to go back to the UK to have the surgery done there -- I thought that if something happens to me I do n't want to die here I want to be around family , ' she said . ` My husband took me to hospital and I just remember feeling nauseous , dizzy and just really , really frightened . ' After returning to Australia following her surgery , Ms Hines suffered another accident at the gym . In January 2103 , after a 10 and a half hour operation , she woke up in terrible pain and had completely lost hearing in her right ear . She also contracted bacterial meningitis forcing her to stay in hospital for four weeks without seeing Noah . But Ms Hines said the moment they were reunited made it all worth it . ` I was n't supposed to hold him but I just wanted to see him , ' she said . ` As soon as I did the pain just went away . ` I thought `` This is why he happened . He happened to make me better . '' The young family returned to Australia and Ms Hines returned to work . B . But in an effort to get healthy again she went to the gym , where she had another seizure while running on a treadmill causing massive injuries to her face . She had to undergo more surgery to have a metal plate put in her cheek and eye socket . Ms Hines is now 30 and has been seizure-free for two years . She has started a new job as an account manager at a marketing company but she struggles to communicate with her colleagues without hearing in her right ear . Ms Hines and husband Marcus -LRB- pictured with Noah -RRB- arein tens of thousands of dollars ' worth of debt due to the cost of flying to the UK for her operation , her medication and the multiple specialists she sees regularly . Ms Hines is now 30 and has been seizure-free for two years . She has started a new job as an account manager at a marketing company but she struggles to communicate with her colleagues without hearing in her right ear . Ms Hines - who is in tens of thousands of dollars ' worth of debt due to the cost of flying to the UK for her operation , her medication and the multiple specialists she needs to see regularly - is trying to raise money to buy a hearing aid . ` I need a hearing aid to help me -- I ca n't hear Noah in the night when I lay on my side , ' she said . ` I ca n't drive because ca n't hear traffic coming on the right side , I ca n't get a bike because ca n't hear cars . ' She has started a MyCause page in the hope of raising funds -- with any extra money she raises to be donated to the Brain Foundation , Epilepsy Action Australia and the Queensland Acoustic Neuroma Association . The family is trying to raise money so Ms Hines can buy a hearing aid . Her son Noah is now two-and-a-half years old and Ms Hines says she does n't regret the decisions she made . Her son Noah is now two-and-a-half years old and although he is seeing a speech therapist he is a healthy toddler . ` He 's not talking , and we think he 's getting frustrated because he ca n't explain what he wants , ' Ms Hines said . ` We do worry about it because of the pregnancy and labour , you do n't know if it caused long-term effects . ` He has terrible mood swings but we just do n't know if that 's a two-year-old being a two-year-old . ' But Ms Hines says she does n't regret the decisions she made . ` I would not change having my son . I would n't change coming to Australia , would n't change going back to UK for me operation , ' she said . ` I 'm in a lot of debt and it 's caused a lot of stress but your health is more important than anything . ' Ms Hines has started a MyCause page to raise money for a hearing aid and for charity .