TOWIE star and footballer Jake Hall scored a vital goal for non-league side Boston United on Monday - impressing his on-screen girlfriend Chloe Lewis in the stands . Hall scored with his first touch just moments after coming off the bench to keep the Pilgrims on course for a place in the Conference North play-offs . And it put a smile on the face of Lewis , his on-off girlfriend in the popular Essex-based ITV show , who was watching on at York Street . TOWIE star Jake Hall points to his co-star Chloe Lewis in the stands at York Street after scoring for Boston United in their Conference North match with Tamworth on Monday . TOWIE star James ` Arg ' Argent was also in the crowd to see Hall score with his first touch . ` Arg ' tries to get onto the pitch to celebrate after Hall scored Boston 's second goal . With her was Hall 's friend and TOWIE co-star James ` Arg ' Argent , who leaned over the hoardings to celebrate when he netted during the second-half of Boston 's 2-0 win over Tamworth . Hall hit the headlines this week after reports he is dating Hollywood actress Lindsay Lohan after they were spotted out in Soho together . Both parties denied any relationship , saying they were just friends . Semi-professional footballer Hall , who played 15 matches for Boston last season before rising to fame on the TV series , rejoined the Lincolnshire club last week . Reports this week suggested Hall has secretly been dating Hollywood actress Lindsay Lohan - pictured here attending Soho nightclub The Box together in February . The Only Way is Essex stars Jake Hall and Chloe Lewis pictured together on the show . He told the Boston Target after the game : ` It was mental , on my left peg as well , you ca n't write that , I 'm still in shock . ` Chloe was at the game and I could see her jumping up and down when I scored the goal . That one was for her . ` The buzz around the crowd today was immense . It was electric and gave me a real buzz . ` I love this club . If I could be here full-time , I would be . The crowd are amazing and the boys make you feel so welcome . It 's a special club . ' Boston manager Dennis Greene added : ` He brought his girlfriend Chloe and Arg with him today . Arg was so excited when Jake scored he was trying to get over the barriers . It was funny and a really brilliant moment . '