Robert Durst has been absolved of state gun charges in Louisiana . The ruling on Thursday clears the way for federal proceedings on similar charges in New Orleans , which local lawyers believe he can win . Durst , 72 , who faces a murder charge in an unrelated California case , remains jailed without bond in Louisiana . Scroll down for video . Next step : Jailed millionaire Robert Durst has been absolved of state gun charges in Louisiana . He will now face federal charges , which lawyers believe he can win , before a murder trial in California . He was arrested at a hotel in the New Orleans capital in March a day before the finale of his HBO docu-series The Jinx . Authorities said he had a gun and marijuana in his room . Defense Attorney Dick DeGuerin said state and federal prosecutors had been discussing the possibility of the state case being dismissed . He says he was pleased with the decision . ` It makes sense to try this case in federal court because FBI agents arrested Mr. Durst , and there should n't be two prosecutions , state and federal , at the same time for the same crime , ' DeGuerin said in an email . ` We 're looking forward to our day in court . ' A spokesman for District Attorney Leon Cannizzaro confirmed the move , saying Cannizzaro has a close working relationship with federal authorities in New Orleans . ` The District Attorney did reserve the right to look at the case again upon its conclusion in federal court , ' assistant prosecutor Christopher Bowman said . Durst had faced state charges of possessing a handgun with drugs and illegal possession of a handgun by a felon . Legal battle : The 72-year-old was arrested in March the day before the finale of an HBO docu-series about him . Durst -LRB- right -RRB- was arrested for the murder of his friend and writer Susan Berman -LRB- left -RRB- in 2000 , which some believe he may have committed to stop her from talking to authorities about the disappearance of his wife . Durst , the heir to a vast real estate fortune before becoming estranged from his family , is also connected to the 1982 disappearance of first wife Kathy McCormack -LRB- left , with Durst -RRB- and the killing of Morris Black -LRB- right -RRB- . The charge in the federal indictment says Durst violated the federal gun-control act because he was in possession of a firearm after being convicted of earlier felonies . His lawyers say the arrest in mid-March was timed to mesh with the finale of The Jinx , HBO 's six-part series about Durst , his wife 's disappearance , Berman 's death , and the death and dismemberment of Durst 's neighbor Morris Black in 2001 . Authorities found more than $ 44,000 in Durst 's hotel room , according to legal papers filed Wednesday . After his arrest , they intercepted a package containing personal items and $ 117,000 that was sent to the hotel for Everette Ward -- the name Durst used to register there . During a hearing last month , a prosecutor said the package of $ 100 bills , a head-and-chest latex mask and a map folded to show Louisiana , Florida and Cuba were evidence that Durst was likely to flee if bond was set for him . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .