Uber driver Emerson Decarvalho allegedly ran down a cyclist after a confrontation in the street . An Uber driver in San Francisco has been charged with assault after ramming into a cyclist who was shouting at him , leaving the biker with several broken bones , police and media reported . The incident occurred in the busy Fisherman 's Wharf area of San Francisco when the cyclist rode up to the vehicle , yelled at the driver , banged on his window and pushed in his mirror , police spokesman Carlos Manfredi told AFP . ` During the exchange the cyclist sped up and the vehicle also sped up , striking the back of the bike , ' Manfredi said . ` The cyclist sustained a punctured lung , broken ribs and a broken clavicle , ' he added . The driver , Emerson Decarvalho , 38 , stayed at the scene of the crash and was charged with assault with a deadly weapon after the incident , which took place Sunday afternoon . He was also charged with failing to maintain a three-foot -LRB- one meter -RRB- space between his car and the cyclist . Uber offered to help in the investigation of the incident . ` Our thoughts are with the victim of this terrible incident . We are gathering more information , have reached out to the San Francisco Police Department and will assist their investigation however we can , ' said Uber spokeswoman Kate Downen . Uber said there was no passenger in the vehicle at the time . The San Francisco Chronicle newspaper said the cyclist was knocked unconscious and taken to hospital . Police said it was not clear what provoked the confrontation and said Decarvalho remained in custody . The crash occurred in San Francisco 's famous Fishermans Warf area . Manfredi said the altercation took place in one of San Francisco 's busiest neighborhoods . ` The location where it occurred is a highly dense area where people go out and a lot of tourists were out and about , ' he said . Uber drivers must be 18 years old to join the service must agree to the company 's terms and conditions , including agreeing to ` comply with all applicable laws when using the services . ' The San Francisco company also requires that drivers do not 'cause nuisance , annoyance , inconvenience , or property damage . ' About one million Uber trips are carried out daily in 295 cities in 55 countries . The company announced a worldwide code of conduct this year after an Uber driver was charged with rape in India in December . An Uber driver was arrested in Denver this month after he tried to rob the home of a customer he had dropped off at the airport .