A seven-year-old girl was subjected to months of violent punishment by her ` strict ' churchgoing aunt before a ` vicious and sustained ' beating finally killed her , a court heard today . Shanay Walker 's death was the culmination of ` repeated acts of cruelty ' at the hands of Seventh-day Adventist Kay-Ann Morris that included having food shoved in her mouth and being struck on the hands with a hairbrush , a jury was told . The youngster , who had 50 separate bruises across her body at the time of her death , was found cold and rigid in her bed by paramedics called to the family home in Bestwood , Nottingham , last July . Shanay Walker , found cold and stiff in her bed in Nottingham last July . Her aunt is currently on trial for her murder . The prosecution claim Shanay was subject to repeated acts of cruelty at the hands of her aunt and grandmother , Juanila Smikle , until she was eventually killed by a ` vicious and sustained attack ' last July . Morris told police officers Shanay , who she was the legal guardian for , had fallen down the stairs . But the 23-year-old , who was an aspiring police officer in her teens , was later arrested and charged with murder . Nottingham Crown Court heard how Shanay went to live with her aunt as a five-year-old in 2012 after her natural mother - Morris ' sister-in-law - struggled to care for her . However , Richard Pratt QC said she soon became the victim of regular punishments by Morris , and her mother , Juanila Smikle - Shanay 's grandmother . She was disciplined for tiny misdemeanours such as failing to eat quickly enough or ` fighting ' while brushing her teeth . Jurors were told the schoolgirl faced a range of abuse including being placed in the bath and having water thrown over her , being forced to stand on a landing for 20 minutes , and having the palms of her outstretched hands ` whacked ' with a hairbrush . Mr Pratt said that on one occasion , neighbours saw Morris refuse to let a desperate Shanay go to the toilet , and instead taunted her with the ditty : ` I know a song that will get on your nerves ' . He added that witnesses questioned by police following Shanay 's death described Morris as a ` very strict ' parent who frequently made her niece cry by shouting at her . Others told how Shanay was ` hysterical ' at times , had ` lost her sparkle ' after moving in with ` stern looking ' Morris , and went from being a ` bubbly ' child when her aunt was n't around to ` introverted and anxious ' when she was nearby . Kay-Ann Morris , who is on trial at Nottingham Crown Court charged with the murder of her niece , seven-year-old Shanay Walker , last July . The court heard teachers at Shanay 's primary school had noticed injuries to her which were recorded in Safeguarding Referral forms and then shown to a social worker . But Morris gave explanations for the marks , telling staff a burn mark on the youngster 's thigh was because she had stood too close to a radiator . Mr Pratt said she also claimed Shanay ` hurt herself ' . He described how in the hours before her death , Shanay was seen running from Smikle 's home in Top Valley , Nottingham , barefoot and in her pyjamas . When asked by two schoolgirls playing nearby if she was alright , the youngster replied she was n't because ` her nana and her auntie were being horrible to her ' . She then sought refuge in a local convenience store , where she was collected by the pair - with Smikle allegedly saying ` I do n't care if it hurts ' when she grabbed her granddaughter by the arm . That was the last time Shanay was seen alive by anyone outside her family . Police were alerted to Shanay 's death by Morris ' twin sister Kerry-Ann Morris , a serving soldier in the Royal Artillery , who was stationed in Germany . Morris had called her sibling in the early hours of July 31 last year to say her niece had been badly hurt after she fell down a flight of stairs . However , the court heard that after the call was cut off , Kerry-Ann told military police in Germany , who then contacted officers in Nottingham . Mr Pratt said that when police went to the family home , a council flat , they were met by a ` distressed and erratic ' Morris who told them : ` Baby not asleep . Baby is dead . ' She claimed Shanay had fallen down the stairs and hurt her neck , but that she had been ` alright ' and had gone to bed . However , Morris said she later checked on the youngster , and was unable to wake her . Mr Pratt said a ` highly emotional ' Smikle arrived at the house a short time later , as did paramedics who noticed straight away that Shanay was cold and stiff . The prosecutor added they also spotted blood staining to her head and extensive bruising on her legs . He said : ` These injuries did not look to him -LRB- the paramedic -RRB- like they had been sustained during an accidental fall down the staircase . ` He reported his finding to the police officers , more senior officers attended and in due course Kay-Ann Morris was arrested on suspicion of the murder of Shanay Walker . ` Shanay 's body revealed the presence of 50 single or groups of fresh blunt force injury . The vast majority of these were bruises which were distributed across the face , torso , arms and legs . ` The most confluent areas of bruising -LRB- bruising that runs together -RRB- were on the hands , feet , and the buttocks . ' The jury heard a post-mortem examination revealed Shanay had suffered a subdural haemorrhage in her brain , which ultimately led to her death . Mr Pratt added : ` We say that Kay-Ann Morris was lying when she told the police officers at the scene that Shanay had accidentally fallen down the stairs . ` It was lie told to try to cover up the truth that she had subjected her niece , a child in her care , to a sustained , vicious and brutal beating . ` Shanay had not simply fallen down the stairs - she had been the victim of sustained violence which caused her death . ` In the days that followed the investigation into the death of Shanay Walker broadened and revealed sadly the infliction of violence and cruelty that night , although obviously more serious that night , was by no means an isolated incident . ` In short , the investigation revealed that during her short life , Shanay had been subjected to repeated acts of cruelty by Kay-Ann Morris and Juanila Smikle . ' The court heard that in police interviews after her arrest , Morris made no comment . She denies murder and child cruelty against Shanay and one other child , who ca n't be named for legal reasons . Smikle denies child cruelty against Shanay and four other youngsters , none of whom can be named . The trial , which is expected to last six weeks , continues . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .