A former Marine who was sentenced two years ago for starting a fire that caused over $ 1million in damages to an Ohio mosque has sent a letter apologizing and asking forgiveness from its members . Randy Linn , now in a California federal prison where he 's two years into his 20-year sentence , said that he ca n't believe that he tried to destroy a place of worship . Federal prosecutors said Linn drove about two hours from his home in St. Joe , Indiana , to suburban Toledo on September 30 , 2012 , and broke into the mosque where he poured gasoline on a prayer rug and lit it on fire . Randy Linn was sentenced two years ago for starting a fire that caused over $ 1million in damages to a suburban Toledo , Ohio , mosque . Federal prosecutors said Linn drove from his home in St. Joe , Indiana , to the Islamic Center of Greater Toledo -LRB- pictured -RRB- in September 20112 , broke into the mosque , poured gasoline on a prayer rug and set it on fire . ` Well again , I 'm very sorry for what I did . Hopefully someday you all can forgive me . And yes I do n't like it here , you can tell everyone , that I 'm sure will put a smile on everyone face , ' he said in his letter , according to The Blade . Cherrefe Kadri , president of the center , said she thought Linn 's letter was sincere . Linn had several firearms in his car and carried a gun into the mosque , which was empty at the time . Linn later said while pleading guilty to hate crime charges that he 'd become enraged after seeing images of wounded soldiers in the news and decided to burn the mosque . He also blamed what happened on a day of heavy drinking . Being forgiven , he wrote last December , would ` probably give me a little bit of peace of mind . ' Cherrefe Kadri , president of the Islamic Center of Greater Toledo , told The Blade said she waited nearly six weeks to respond to Linn 's letter . Most of the members have moved on , she said . ` I think his letter was truly sincere , and I told him that , ' she said . Her response , written on stationery with an image of the mosque at the top , said that she hopes he can make peace with God . ` Neither our community nor I harbor any hatred , ill-will or malice toward you , ' she wrote . A sprinkler system extinguished the blaze , leaving smoke and water damage in the prayer room of the facility . No one was injured in the fire .