A mutilated fox : hardly the most glamorous prop Ashley James has ever posed with , but in this case , that is precisely the point . The former Made In Chelsea star has joined forces with animal rights crusaders PETA on a hard-hitting anti-fur campaign directed at Harvey Nichols after the national department store abandoned its ten-year anti-fur policy . ` Harvey Nichols : Here 's the Rest of Your Fur Coat , ' the slogan reads , alongside an image of the 26-year-old animal lover , who is brandishing what appears to be a skinned fox - a fake one we 've been assured . Scroll down for video . Dark : The former Made in Chelsea star has joined forces with animal rights crusaders PETA on a hard-hitting anti-fur campaign directed at Harvey Nichols after it abandoned its fur-free policy - -LRB- the fox is n't real -RRB- . PETA -LRB- People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals -RRB- is currently in talks with a number of billboard companies in the hopes of getting the poster mounted outside Harvey Nichols . ` I love animals , ' Ashley told MailOnline . ` Having educated myself about the fur industry , it breaks my heart to think people allow such cruelty to continue by buying fur products . ' Harvey Nichols , which has 12 locations around the world and previously stood against the fur industry , backtracked last year when it quietly re-introduced it . Priced between £ 300 and £ 1,500 , the department store 's current range includes coyote fur courtesy of Canada Goose , raccoon fur from Charlotte Simone and plenty of rabbit pelts from Vince . ` When I see people I know wearing fur , I will initiate the conversation by asking them if it 's real or not . If they confirm that it 's real , I express disgust , ' Ashley said , . ` If they are interested , then I will tell them more about this cruel industry . I just want people to make informed decisions with their purchases . Anti-fur : ` I love animals , ' Miss James , pictured , tells MailOnline . ` Having educated myself about the fur industry , it breaks my heart to think people allow such cruelty to continue by buying fur products ' Boycotter : Miss James , pictured in London this week , leads a mostly vegan lifestyle and shops at fur-free stores including Liberty London , Selfridges , House of Fraser , Topshop and Oasis . ` If they know about the industry and still choose to wear fur , then that 's fine - although I ca n't personally understand how they could do that . ` But I think a lot of people prefer to live in ignorance , and that 's really frustrating . ' In a statement to MailOnline , Harvey Nichols said : ' -LSB- We are -RSB- committed to sustainable and responsible practice across all areas of -LSB- our -RSB- business , and ethical trading is an important part of this programme . ` We only source products from reputable brands , which includes seeking the assurance that the fur they use in products has been sourced responsibly . ' However , in a recent exposé fronted by Paloma Faith , PETA went undercover on ` Origin Assured ' fur farms , a label which is meant to give fur-stocking stores assurances about the animal welfare and conditions in which animals are bred and slaughtered . It found raccoons , rabbits and minks kept in filthy wire cages , sometimes alongside the rotting corpses of other animals . ` These animals were left to suffer from untreated injuries , including missing limbs , ' PETA reports . ` Frightened and distressed , they often mutilate themselves and others in the cage , only to be slaughtered in the name of fashion . ' Party line : In a statement , Harvey Nichols said , ` We only source products from reputable brands , which includes seeking the assurance that the fur they use in products has been sourced responsibly ' Put a name to the face : Priced between £ 300 and £ 1,500 , Harvey Nichols ' current designer range includes fur from coyotes -LRB- left -RRB- , raccoons -LRB- center -RRB- and foxes -LRB- right -RRB- . When MailOnline asked reps at Harvey Nichols to clarify their position on exactly what made them change their minds on their anti-fur policy , communication ceased and they declined to make any further comment . PETA 's foundation director Mimi Bekhechi points out : ` All fur is the product of a bloody , violent industry . We encourage consumers not to be deceived by Harvey Nichols ' claims of selling ` humanely and ethically ' obtained furs . ' Before Ashley James knew anything about the industry , she admits she owned a rabbit fur coat . ` Needless to say I do n't any more , ' she said . ` I gave it to a Romanian charity called K-9 Angels , which use donated furs to keep rescued dogs warm in winter . ' Cruelty-free : Miss James is a particular fan of designer Stella MCartney , who has been a lifelong vegetarian and refuses to even use leather in her collections . Pictured , her 2009 A/W campaign , starring an -LRB- alive -RRB- fox . Poster girls : Stars including Natalie Portman -LRB- left -RRB- , Charlize Theron -LRB- center -RRB- and Jessica Chastain -LRB- right -RRB- are all vocal anti-fur campaigners . Just say no : Abbie Cornish -LRB- left -RRB- , Ellen DeGeneres -LRB- center -RRB- and Sia -LRB- right -RRB- are also vegetarians who are strongly opposed to the trend . Ashley , who now leads a mostly vegan lifestyle , praises designers like Stella McCartney , another avid anti-fur protester , and shops at fur-free stores including Liberty London , Selfridges , House of Fraser , Topshop and Oasis . Harvey Nichols is not the only entity , or person , to have broken its anti-fur promise . Supermodel Naomi Campbell , who once posed for PETA 's infamous ` I 'd rather go naked than wear fur ' campaign , then went on to become the face of fur couturier Dennis Basso in 2010 . Message : Supermodel Naomi Campbell -LRB- far right -RRB- once posed for PETA 's infamous 90s campaign ` I 'd rather go naked than wear fur ' -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Change of heart ? Naomi then went on to become the face of fur couturier Dennis Basso in 2010 -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Lady Gaga , who also once spoke out against fur , did a very public reversal on the subject when in 2012 she declared that she ` admired ' the beauty of animals in fashion , stating : ` You see a carcass , I see a museum pièce de résistance . ' Still , notable celebrities who strictly avoid fur include , but are not limited to ; Natalie Portman , Abbie Cornish , Jessica Chastain , Sia , Charlize Theron , Pamela Anderson , Pink , Kesha , and Ellen DeGeneres . Ashley James is using her new role to try and convert shoppers . She said : ` Have a heart . Please do n't support the fur industry and boycott the brands who do . '