Michael Schumacher 's daughter Gina Maria has revealed her impressive riding skills at a horse show in Germany . The 17-year-old was one of the participants in the NRHA European Futurity Horse Show in the Bavarian town of Kreuth and looked every inch the professional rider throughout the tournament . Dressed in a variety of elaborately decorated cowboy-style outfits and wearing a brown stetson hat , Miss Schumacher was seen riding a number of different horses as she took part in what is known as the ` First Go-Round 2nd Section ' yesterday afternoon . The NRHA European Futurity Horse Show continues until Saturday evening , when Miss Schumacher is expected to take part in the grand final of the tournament providing she is n't knocked out of the competition over the course of the week . Impressive : Gina Maria Schumacher is photographed taking part in the week-long NRHA European Futurity Horse Show in the Bavarian town of Kreuth yesterday afternoon . Smart moves : Miss Schumacher was seen riding a number of different horses during yesterday 's event . Halt : Gina Maria Schumacher wore a variety of elaborately decorated outfits and a brown stetson hat . In control : Gina Maria Schumacher , 17 , leads a horse by the reigns at the NRHA European Futurity show . Miss Schumacher 's impressive performance at the horse show comes just days after her 16-year-old brother Mick returned to the racing circuit just weeks after he was involved in a 100mph crash - and once again ended up going off the track . He made his pre-season test debut in Formula 4 at the Oschersleben circuit in Germany - but at one point was pictured accidentally driving through gravel . Mick , whose father Michael won the Formula 1 championship seven times , reached the new category after seven years of karting in what is seen as a stepping stone for junior drivers hoping to reach the top . Michael Schumacher , 46 , remains under the care of medics at his home on Lake Geneva following his catastrophic ski accident in the Swiss Alps in 2013 . One-handed : The 17-year-old was one of the participants in the NRHA European Futurity Horse Show in the Bavarian town of Kreuth and looked every inch the professional rider throughout the tournament . Miss Schumacher revealed her impressive riding skills at the horse show in the Bavarian town of Kreuth . Trotting along : Miss Schumacher 's put in an impressive performance at the horse show yesterday afternoon . Gina Maria Schumacher and boyfriend Riccardo are pictured at the NRHA European Futurity Horse Show . Michael Schumacher spent months in a coma following the accident before being transferred to a rehab clinic in Lausanne , Switzerland . He was then moved to a medical suite built into his mansion last September . Since being transferred to the medical suite built into his home , a news blackout has fallen over his condition , but insiders report he remains mute and unable to move . In February , it was revealed that Schumacher had sold his Norwegian mountain holiday home for £ 2million as he continues to recover from his horrific ski injuries . The sale of the retreat , in Trysil , north of Oslo , comes after it emerged last year that his family was planning to build a £ 10million ` hospital ' room for the star at their home in Switzerland . Road to recovery : Michael Schumacher -LRB- pictured with wife Corinna in 2004 -RRB- was holidaying with family and friends in Meribel , France when the catastrophic accident happened in December 2013 . Liquidating his assets : Michael Schumacher 's family has sold his Norwegian mountain holiday home -LRB- pictured -RRB- for £ 2million as he continues to recover from his horrific ski injuries . Schumacher , a very competent skier , was holidaying with family and friends in Meribel , France , where he owns a chalet when the accident happened in December 2013 . He was skiing with then 14-year-old Mick on a red piste , which is classed for intermediate skiers . But shortly after 11 am , he left the piste and skied on to an off-piste area located in between the red run and a blue run , for beginners to intermediates . It was here that he struck a partially-covered rock . He was not skiing fast but he lost control and catapulted 34 feet on to another rock . He smashed his head on the bolder . The force of the collision shattered his helmet . The footage recorded on a camera attached to his helmet was undamaged . Laughing : Gina Maria Schumacher 's impressive performance at the horse shows comes after her 16-year-old brother Mick -LRB- left and right -RRB- returned to the racing circuit just weeks after being involved in a 100mph crash . Back in action : The protege was back on the circuit just weeks after a 100mph crash at the Lausitzring speedway in Brandenburg , eastern Germany . The film , which included audio , captured the crash in full horror and was analysed by police who investigated the accident . Two months later , on February 17 , the head of the inquiry , Prosecutor Patrick Quincy , closed the case . He announced that any criminal wrongdoing had been ruled out . He cleared the ski resort , stating that the piste had been marked correctly and that Schumacher ` deliberately ' left the ski run . At the end of January it was announced that doctors had begun the process of gradually awakening him from his coma . Since September last year he has been looked after by medical experts at his home in Gland , Switzerland .