A second suspect has been charged in the stabbing death of a married lawyer at an upscale Washington D.C. hotel . Jamyra Gallmon of Washington was arrested last week and charged with first-degree murder while armed for allegedly killing David Messerschmitt , 30 , on February 9 at the boutique Donovan Hotel . According to a police affidavit filed in court on Thursday , she stole just $ 40 and the victim 's Metro SmarTrip card . Her roommate - and alleged girlfriend - 19-year-old Dominique Johnson was arrested on Wednesday and is accused of being an accomplice . Scroll down for video . Jamyra Gallmon , right , has been charged in the stabbing death of a lawyer at an upscale Washington hotel stole just $ 40 and the victim 's Metro SmarTrip card , while Dominique Johnson , left , has been charged with conspiracy to commit armed robbery . She has been charged with conspiracy to commit armed robbery and made an initial appearance in D.C. Superior Court on Thursday during which she denied the charge against her . According to court documents , Johnson was charged because she knew Gallmon was going to rob Messerschmitt . She also allegedly accompanied Gallmon to CVS to buy the zip ties used to tie the victim up . According to documents , after Gallmon returned from the hotel , she told Johnson that the robbery ` went badly . ' When Johnson was arrested on Wednesday , she had two Metro cards , including Messerschmitt 's card which had been used on April 1 . Gallmon has a court hearing scheduled for Friday , but that has now been rescheduled until May 8 . She is being held without bond . The woman has admitted to police that she set up the lawyer using a masculine-sounding email address and went to the upscale hotel with the intention of robbing him . Gallmon , who was seen on surveillance camera entering the hotel wearing androgynous clothing , told detectives that the robbery went wrong when Messerschmitt grabbed her arm , causing a flashback to a time when she had been assaulted . The affidavit stated that the pair got into a struggle and the defendant pulled a knife from her pants and stabbed the victim repeatedly until he fell to the floor where she stabbed him several more times . The victim was found with multiple stab wounds to the back , groin and abdomen along with one wound which pierced his heart and another which hit his spinal cord . David Messerschmitt -LRB- pictured with his wife Kim -RRB- was found dead in his DC hotel room in February . An affidavit revealed that he had been soliciting sex from men through Craigslist . Gallmon was caught on surveillance video entering the hotel where Messerschmitt was killed on February 9 . His hands had been bound with zip-ties into a pair of makeshift cuffs . His hands were covered in defensive wounds . Her attorney asserted in court that it was a case of ` imperfect self-defense . ' Court documents concerning a rent dispute confirm Gallmon and Johnson as roomates . About two weeks after Messerschmitt was killed , the two were ordered by a D.C. Superior Court judge to pay $ 1,860 in rent owed since January . A neighbor of the two women said he was surprised that they could be mixed up in such a crime . ` They were great neighbors . They never made much noise , nothing out of the ordinary . Great people , ' Tony Johnson told WUSA9 . He said he believed they were also lovers . Messerschmitt had texted his wife Kim Vuong at 7.45 pm on February 9 to tell her he would be home in an hour after leaving his law office . He never returned and the next day he was found dead at his hotel room with ` various credit cards strewn about ' . He death was declared a homicide . Jamyra Gallmon , 21 , -LRB- pictured graduating from her military academy high school -RRB- has been charged with first-degree felony murder while armed for allegedly stabbing to death 30-year-old David Messerschmitt on February 9 . Among the items recovered from the room were a computer , lubricant , condoms , cell phone and enema kit . Fingerprints were also found in the room . Investigators discovered that Messerschmitt had posted a Craigslist ad on February 9 , soliciting responses from other men , using ` dcguy456 ' . The lawyer began an exchange with an individual , using the name ` chrissanchez0906 ' , around 2 pm which continued throughout the day . Messerschmitt told the individual his room number at the hotel and gave a meeting time of 7 pm - 7.30 pm . The email address that the lawyer had been in contact with was linked to Gallmon . On a search of the woman 's DC apartment , police found a knife , black boots and gloves , and a pack of zip ties . A discussion in the comments section of a Queerty.com article about Mr Messerschmitt 's murder in February included users referencing interactions with an individual using the handle ` dcguy456 ' . One commenter said that ` dcguy456 ' had previously posted on the 'M 4M ' -LRB- men for men -RRB- section of Craigslist and identified himself as bisexual . On the left , another view of the security footage of Jamyra Gallmon at the Washington hotel and on the right , Messerschmitt . Emotional : Last month , Messerschmitt 's wife , Kim Vuong , held a press conference , asking for help in locating her husband 's killer . Another individual 's post claimed that he had exchanged emails with ` dcguy456 ` and met up with him several years ago . Authorities have said they are searching for anyone else who may have e-mailed the account used by Gallmon -- chrissanchez0906@yahoo.com -- but have not said whether anyone has come forward . The new court documents do not say whether anyone else beside Messerschmitt was targeted . Last month , Messerchmitt 's wife Kim Vuong gave an emotional speech , asking for help in finding her husband 's killer . ` The world has lost a good person . David 's family : a son and brother , and I have lost everything : my husband and my best friend . In one day , I lost the most important person in my life and the man I loved so much . And I have no answers , ' she said . A Cincinnati native , Messerchmitt attended Ohio State University where he met his wife . He went on to study law at Boston University before working at a firm in Chicago . He then worked at two more firms in the D.C. area before transferring to DLA Piper last year , as a specialist in intellectual property law .