Floyd Mayweather has taken a very public swipe at his ` haters ' ahead of his fight-of-the-century bout with Manny Pacquiao next month . The 38-year-old boxer has shared a video flaunting his diamond-encrusted watches , fleet of super-cars and carpets of cash on his Instagram account . The 15-second video shot by director James ` JP ' Dayap , a proud member of The Money Team brand owned by Mayweather , hits out at his supposed haters . Scroll down for videos . Cash : Floyd Mayweather -LRB- pictured -RRB- has shared a video to his 5 million Instagram followers where he hits back at his supposed ` haters ' Party : The 15-second video showing off his extravagant lifestyle even features a room full of half-naked girls twerking -LRB- pictured -RRB- for his amusement . Fighting talk : The word ` haters ' appears at the start of the video , leaving no doubt about who it is directed at . Wealth : Rapper Yo Gotti 's song blares over footage of the five-division champion inspecting his fleet of super cars -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Petrol head : Mayweather then walks past another row of expensive cars which seem to include Porsches and Ferraris . Bling : The footage which was shot and edited by director James ` JP ' Dayap - a proud member of Mayweather 's The Money Team brand - features rows of jewel-encrusted watches . Super-fight : The 38-year-old boxer -LRB- pictured -RRB- is expected to earn around £ 120million for his upcoming bout against Manny Pacquiao . Rapper Yo Gotti 's song blares over the footage of Mayweather 's opulent life and essentially lists his many expensive possessions which include : ` Big crib , ten cars , twenty acres . ' As the lyrics boast ` I could write a book about money ' , the five-division world champion sits at his coffee table counting his endless piles of cash . The video then cuts to rows of luxurious Rolex watches adorned with jewels and Mayweather standing proudly in front of his Las Vegas mansion . A few seconds of the video even show four half-naked women twerking , supposedly for the boxer 's pleasure . It surfaces just two weeks before one of the most anticipated fights in recent boxing history , when he takes on eight-division champion Manny Pacquiao . With the two fighters ' management teams and the hosts MGM Grand locked in a stand-off between ticket allocations , they have yet to go on public sale . Money : The floors of Floyd Mayweather 's house seems to be lined with hundreds of bank notes -LRB- pictured -RRB- . The Instagram video also shows the many luxurious properties owned by Mayweather , including his Las Vegas mansion -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Jewels : The video showing off Mayweather 's unbelievable wealth and expensive possessions surfaces just two weeks before one of the most anticipated fights in recent boxing history . Business : Mayweather 's The Money Team clothing brand -LRB- logo pictured -RRB- has been worn by stars like Justin Bieber and billionaire Warren Buffet . ` Normally there 's a public sale 10 weeks before the fight , ' according to Connor Gregoire , an analyst for SeatGeek . He added : ` It is bizarre ... To our knowledge no one has a printed ticket in their hands right now . ' Tickets for the fight were expected to cost between £ 1,000 and £ 5,000 in the 16,500-seat Grand Garden arena in the Las Vegas Casino . But those prices have incredibly tripled in the resale market before they have even gone on public sale . Mayweather 's promoter said that tickets would go on sale this week for the May 2 fight but MGM Grand 's officials have been tight-lipped about their availability . Scenic : Near the end of the video , the legendary boxer surveys a beautiful scene from a balcony . Rich : Mayweather shared a video flaunting his diamond-encrusted watches , fleet of super-cars and luxurious properties with his Instagram followers . The hotel issued a statement on Friday saying there would be a ` limited number of tickets available for sale ' and that it is working with promoters to finalise a date for their release . Meanwhile Pacquiao 's manager blamed the opposing fighter 's camp for holding up the ticket sales , claiming they refused to sign an agreement drawn up months ago . Michael Koncz said : ` It 's a real mess right now ... I can only surmise the motivation is greed and an attempt to manipulate the tickets , otherwise why the hold up ? ` Millions of dollars are at stake in the dispute because after the MGM takes its share , each camp gets a certain percentage of tickets and is able to resell them with ticket brokers for higher prices .