One Nation leader Pauline Hanson went on the attack on Sunday saying that imposing halal certification on Australians was wrong , while defending the anti-Islam protests across the country . Speaking on the Today show , Ms Hanson described halal certification as a ` profit , money-making racket ' and that the public were being ` hoodwinked ' over the issue . She also said that the protests on Saturday were about ` criticism , not racism ' . On Sunday morning 's Today show she was asked for her views on businesses ` going to the wall ' if halal certification of food products was scrapped . Scroll down for video . One Nation leader Pauline Hanson speaks at a rally against Islam in Brisbane on Saturday . Ms Hanson said that the protests on Saturday were about ` criticism , not racism ' ` It 's a profit , money-making racket and has been connected with the Muslim Brotherhood in France . Why ca n't we have an investigation into where the money actually goes ? ' she claimed . When told by the interviewer that there was no basis to any of these claims Ms Hanson replied : ` Why do Australians have to pay tax for halal certification ? It is a money making racket . Why do Australians have to pay extra when they buy this product ? ' Ms Hanson added that an investigation was needed into halal certification in Australia . ` It 's extortion that has been put onto businesses that you must pay this money , ' she said . ` A Muslim does not have to have halal certification , they can say a prayer over their food . Then it 's OK . Anti-racism supporters burn Australian flag at in retaliation to the Reclaim Australia protest in Melbourne . The One Nation leader also maintained that imposing halal certification on Australians was wrong . ` We do n't need this , we 're being hoodwinked . It 's a racket , a money-making racket . ' Her comments came after protesters clashed with anti-racist activists in Sydney and Melbourne on Saturday . Anti-racist activists burned an Australian flag in Melbourne while chanting : ` No right in genocide . ' This then ended in scuffles after protesters reacted angrily to the Australian flag being burned . Ms Hanson , who narrowly lost her fight for a seat in the 2015 Queensland election , joined hundreds of protesters in King George Square in Brisbane on Saturday . Many were draped in the Australian flag and carried signs denouncing sharia law and halal certification for Australian products . She denied that there was any violence or vitriol at the rally . ` There was no violence at the Brisbane rally whatsoever . Islam is not a race so therefore we 're not talking about racism here whatsoever . Criticism is not racism . We have a right to have a say and have an opinion , ' she said . Protesters clashed with anti-racist activists in Melbourne as tensions rose . Ms Hanson denied that there was any violence or confrontations at the Brisbane rally . ` We do n't like Islam and we 're in fear about what Islam can do to our country , our culture and our way of life . Australians have a right to say this is not going to work . We want a peaceful cohesive society . ' Protests on Saturday in Melbourne turned violent when anti-Islam and anti-racism groups clashed . Police were forced to separate Reclaim Australia supporters - who were holding nationwide rallies against ` sharia law , halal tax and Islamisation ' - and opposing protesters by forming a wall at separate rallies . Crowd numbers continued to grow throughout the afternoon , and some protesters had to be treated by paramedics after the ugly clashes . It comes after a Twitter account claiming to be linked with anti-Islam groups has mocked protests being held around Australia . A clash of anti-Islam and anti-racism groups turned dangerous and violent during protests in Melbourne . Melbourne police formed a barrier between the separate rallies to attempt to disperse the protesters . It comes after a Twitter account claiming to be linked with anti-Islam groups has mocked protests . A Twitter account claiming to be linked with anti-Islam groups has mocked protests being held around Australia . It was originally thought Reclaim Australia had handed over the reigns to one of their supporters to control their feed throughout the protests . Crowd numbers grew during the afternoon , and some protesters had to be treated by paramedics . Across Australia , 16 rallies were scheduled to take place , but Sydney and Melbourne drew the biggest crowd . It was originally thought Reclaim Australia had handed over the reigns to one of their supporters to control their feed throughout the protests . ` Whats wrong with muslims anyway ? I dun get it , ' one tweet from the account read . ` In the car reading stuff - wots xenophobia ? help me out , ' another said . However , ` Jeremy ' began to tweet a number of joke comments shortly after the Sydney protest got underway . ` Man f**k this noise I 'm gon na get stoned in the park peace out . ' Once the tweets began to get attention , a ` statement ' was released that explained its account was misused and it then said other events around the country would be cancelled . Two people were taken away by police officers after they rushed the stage and attempted to disrupt the rally . More than 100 police officers , eleven mounted on horses were used to form the separation wall . ` Jeremy ' began to tweet a number of joke comments shortly after the Sydney protest got underway . Once the tweets began to get attention , a ` statement ' was released that explained its account was misused and it then said other events around the country would be cancelled . The tweets were widely shared by people who opposed the rallies . However , organisers behind the Sydney protest were quick to disassociate themselves with the account . ` It 's not us , ' a spokesperson told Daily Mail Australia . ` Ours is @reclaim_aus . ' Twitter users quickly began to poke fun at the group after doubts over the page emerged . ` Maybe before you you practice on something small like reclaiming your Twitter account . Work up to the big stuff slowly , ' one said . Several were injured during the violent rally that saw hundreds of people protest for anti-racism . There was a strong police presence throughout the protest , which included riot police . Organisers behind the Sydney protest were quick to disassociate themselves with the account . ` It 's not us , ' a spokesperson told Daily Mail Australia . ` Ours is @reclaim_aus ' Two people were arrested after they attempted to break through a police barricade that separated the groups . Across the country , 16 rallies were scheduled to take place , with events in Sydney and Melbourne appearing to have drawn the biggest crowds . About 500 people attended the rally held in Martin Place , Sydney , which included speeches from former Australia Defence League member Shermon Burgess and Rise Up ! Australia Party NSW President Norm Bishop . Hundreds of people attended the ` Reclaim Australia ' rally held in Martin Place , Sydney . Protesters in the crowd carried flags and chanted `` Aussie , Aussie , Aussie - Oi , Oi , Oi '' and many carried banners denouncing Islam . Two people were taken away by officers after they rushed the stage and attempted to disrupt the rally . Protesters cheered as speakers said Australians had to be aware and alert to the threat of Islam and sharia law . There was a strong police presence throughout the protest , which included riot police . Two people were taken away by officers after they rushed the stage and attempted to disrupt the rally . One took the microphone and told the crowd they should be ` ashamed ' . In Melbourne , protesters clashed with anti-racism activists in Federation Square . Two people were arrested after they attempted to break through a police barricade that separated the different groups . Several more were injured in the combative protests , according to reports .