This eighteen-month-old boy pulled a rice-cooker brimming with boiling water down on his head , burning deep scars into his face and leaving him almost blind . As a crack team of surgeons from the Australian charity , Interplast , worked last March to save the sight of little baby Seng , from Vientiane , Laos , inspirational burns survivor Turia Pitt watched on . Turia was deeply moved by the plight of the baby with big , brown eyes . That 's because she knows that if she lived in a country like Seng 's , she would n't be here . Foreign doctors would n't have been able to save her from the flames that nearly killed her by lashing 64 per cent of her body with burns in 2011 . ` I would n't have survived , ' she said during a candid interview ahead of hosting a fundraising gala on Thursday which aims to raise funds for more volunteer medicos to head overseas to save lives and livelihoods . ` If I was from Laos or Bangladesh , no ifs or buts , 100 per cent I would have died . ' Scroll down for video . Stronger than ever and inspired by a little burned baby : Turia Pitt -LRB- pictured -RRB- , who experienced burns to 64 per cent of her body during a September 2011 ultramarathon through the Kimberley , Western Australia . Burned by boiling water : Little baby Seng -LRB- left -RRB- is pictured being operated upon by surgeons in Laos -LRB- right -RRB- in a desperate attempt to save his sight . Turia Pitt witnessed the operation . Seng 's sight was saved by keen doctor volunteers from Interplast . Turia told Daily Mail Australia Seng was ` for sure ' one of her inspirations in working for Interplast . Fitter and stronger than ever : Turia Pitt 's recovery from the horrific burns that left her clinging to life is inspirational . She recently ran a half-marathon and beat the time she ran before the 2011 Kimberley blaze . Turia , who has been operated on more than 200 times since she was caught in the flames , believes Australians take their medical system for granted . Her remarkable recovery is a case-in-point . Few would have thought she would be more athletic now than she was before she was seared with burns while running the Kimberley ultra-marathon three-and-a-half-years ago . ` I 'm fitter now than I was before ! ' Turia told Daily Mail Australia . Nervous about medical complications , Turia was ` dumbfounded ' when she ran a half-marathon last month at a quicker pace -LRB- 1 hr 45 mins -RRB- than her time before she was burned -LRB- 1 hr 50 mins -RRB- . The only difference was that she needed to douse herself in water every 5 km , as her skin has lost the ability to keep her temperature stable . Powered by a fierce determination to prove herself , Turia Pitt is fitter than ever , embarking on a ferocious fitness program in a bid to compete in the 2016 Melbourne Ironman . The six-day-a-week program features three major planks , working on the burns victim 's already impressive cardio fitness , strength and flexibility . If it sounds daunting , never fear - even Turia admits she struggles with staying motivated sometimes . ` All of us make excuses , do n't we ? I think it 's a normal thing to do ... I think it 's part of being human . ' THE PROGRAM . CARDIO : 2 x 2.5 k swims per week and she runs around 30kms a week . STRENGTH : 2 personal training sessions per week , involving conditioning exercises including box-jumps and squats . FLEXIBILITY : 2 yoga sessions each week , ` just to get a good stretch ' ` Maybe I 've got something to prove ... I think I am more motivated ' Asked about what motivates her to keep so fit , she told Daily Mail Australia there are bigger obstacles in life than running a marathon . ` Maybe I 've got something to prove ... . I think I am more motivated , ' she said , revealing her intense , six-day-a-week training regimen . She is hoping to compete in the 2016 Melbourne Ironman . ` Compared to what I 've been through , things like doing a marathon are rather minor by comparison . ' There were many dark moments during her recovery , she said - ones that required her to draw upon not only her own strength , but that of others . Turia experienced many dark moments during her recovery that required her to draw upon not only her own strength , but others as well . Her partner Michael Hoskin -LRB- left , pictured during a hike recently -RRB- has been Turia 's most steadfast supporter throughout the entire ordeal . On Thursday , Turia will hold a gala to raise funds for the same charity that saved Seng 's sight , Interplast . She will also provide an update on how Seng is progressing . ` There were terrible moments when I just wanted to give up , ' she said . Not self-conscious : Turia Pitt has always taken pride in her appearance . Only recently she had a scare on the operating table when she stopped breathing while surgeons were attempting to install her new nose , terrifying her partner , Michael Hoskin , and mother Celestine Vaite , who been by her side throughout the entire journey . ` I guess I was really blessed because I was surrounded by a really good support team , my partner -LRB- Michael -RRB- , my family , my friends , the doctors , the nurses , even my local community of Ulladulla . ` In those really hard times I did draw strength from the people around me ' . Given the nature of her work with Interplast , appearance was another topic Turia dwelled upon while talking to Daily Mail Australia . She said she has always taken pride in her appearance , which has n't changed . The burns do n't concern her - instead , they are something she is accustomed to . ` Let 's say you 're at a party and you 're self conscious and you think your arse looks big , ' Turia said . ` Every time someone looks at you , you going to think , `` they 're thinking my arse looks big '' . ` But if you are n't really thinking that at all , you wo n't see it . ` I 'm not looking for people who are looking at me . ` But then , if I was really self-conscious , I 'd probably notice it a lot more - because I 'm sure there are people who do look at me . ' Years after the disaster , life is something close to normal now for Turia , who lives life according to a simple creed . ` All I do is wake up and try and get the most out of each day , ' she said . ` And that 's kind of what I 've always done . ' As for baby Seng , it is understood his big , brown eyes can see again - perhaps allowing him to live a life with the same clarity of purpose as Turia . ` All I do is wake up and try and get the most out of each day , ' Turia Pitt told Daily Mail Australia . That is the simple creed by which she lives her life .