Serena Williams claimed her eighth Miami Open title in 14 years after ruthlessly brushing aside the challenge of 12th seed Carla Suarez Navarro in Saturday 's final . The world No 1 won the final 10 games in a 6-2 6-0 demolition of her Spanish opponent to claim her third straight title at an event she has dominated since winning her first crown back in 2002 . Serena Williams poses on the beach with the championship trophy after defeating Carla Suarez Navarro . Williams poses with the road to Singapore sign post on Crandon Park beach after her straight-sets victory . Williams was presented with the Butch Buchholz Trophy by Martina Navratilova . Williams , who earlier this week claimed her 700th career victory , never looked back after breaking Suarez Navarro in the sixth game of a one-sided final . Williams , who dedicated the title to her father , paid tribute to Suarez Navarro after the win . She said at the post-match presentation : ` Congratulations to Carla , she had a fabulous two weeks and this is just the beginning ; I 'm really proud of you and we get along so it 's always good to see you do really well . Serena Williams never looked back after claiming a crucial break in the sixth game . ` I would like to dedicate this to my dad , he 's not here . I miss him , I hope he 's watching . I love you daddy and this one 's for you . ' The opening five games had gone with serve but Williams moved up a gear and from then on she never looked back . Suarez Navarro , who beat Williams ' sister Venus in the quarter-final , saved the first two break points but a wayward backhand handed the American the first of five breaks of serve . World No 1 Serena Williams claimed her eighth Miami Open title on Saturday night . The error count continued to creep up for Suarez Navarro , who had not won a set in her previous four meetings with Williams , and another long backhand gave her opponent the first set . Williams saved a break point in her opening service game and then broke to love in the next to leave Suarez Navarro with a mountain to climb . There would be no way back , with Suarez Navarro winning just two points on serve in the second set . Williams , meanwhile , won 21 of 22 points on her first serve . Spain 's Suarez Navarro started strongly but was no match for Serena Williams . Williams once again broke to love to move 5-0 ahead before clinically wrapping up the match inside 57 minutes . Suarez Navarro was quick to hail Williams , adding in quotes broadcast by BT Sport 1 : ` All that you have , you deserve and for me you are the number one right now . '