Mario Gomez 's predatory instincts and a late goal by substitute Juan Vargas ensured Fiorentina qualified for the Europa League semi-finals . Fiorentina had one foot in the next stage of Europe 's second tier cup competition thanks to Khouma Babacar 's all-important away goal during the closing stages of last Thursday 's first leg encounter in Kiev . The Ukrainian outfit knew they were in for a hard task at the Stadio Artemio Franchi as they faced the likes of Mohamed Salah , Joaquin and Gomez . Fiorentina ace Mario Gomez scored the opening goal of the game in the 43rd minute to help his side qualify . The home side celebrate after Gomez 's fortunate shot lands in the back of Oleksandr Shovkovskiy 's net . Dynamo Kiev 's Jeremain Lens was given his marching orders shortly before the interval for an apparent dive . FIORENTINA -LRB- 4-3-3 -RRB- : Neto ; Tomovic , Rodriguez , Savic , Marcos Alonso ; Borja Valero -LRB- Badelj 79 -RRB- , Pizarro -LRB- Aquilani 84 -RRB- , Fernandez ; Joaquin , Gomez , Mohamed Salah -LRB- Vargas 88 -RRB- . Subs not used : Tatarusanu , Ilicic , Pasqual , Basanta . Goal : Gomez 43 , Vargas 90 . DYNAMO KIEV -LRB- 4-2-3-1 -RRB- : Shovkovskiy ; Antunes , Khacheridi , Danilo Silva , Vida ; Rybalka , Buyalskyy -LRB- Sydorchuk 69 -RRB- ; Lens , Belhanda -LRB- Kalitvintsev 63 -RRB- , Yarmolenko ; Teodorczyk -LRB- Husyev 45 -RRB- . Subs not used : Garmash , Chumak , Rybka , Betao . Booked : Lens . Sent off : Lens 40 . Referee : Jonas Eriksson -LRB- Sweden -RRB- . And their mission to seal a spot in the next round was made near enough impossible due to an incredibly rash decision by Swedish referee Jonas Eriksson . The Scandinavian official ruined Dynamo Kiev 's hopes of upsetting the Viola by brandishing a red card in the direction of Holland international Jeremain Lens . Eriksson showed Lens a second yellow card as he decided to penalise the former PSV forward for diving inside the penalty area . The wrong call was made as replays showed Lens was slightly clipped when he made his way towards goal . It was one of those occasions where the referee should have simply let play continue . Dynamo Kiev manager and former Tottenham striker Sergei Rebrov was forced into taking off striker Lukasz Teodorczyk moments before the interval , which subsequently minimised the away side 's goal threat during the second half . Salah , who has proven his doubters wrong since swapping Chelsea for Fiorentina in February , almost doubled his side 's lead when he managed to jiggle his way past several defenders before shooting at goal . The Egyptian international 's shot appeared to be heading into the back of Oleksandr Shovkovskiy 's net until Danilo used his hand to intercept . Dynamo Kiev , despite their best efforts , failed to really threaten Fiorentina after being reduced to 10 men as Vincenzo Montella 's side elected to play the passing game . Late substitute Vargas put the result beyond doubt when he ran down the left wing before smashing the ball past Shovkovskiy . Fiorentina will face either Napoli , Sevilla or Dnipro for a place in this year 's Europa League final in Warsaw . Referee Jonas Eriksson shows Holland international Lens a second yellow card in the 40th minute . Mohamed Salah , who joined Fiorentina on a loan deal from Chelsea , came close to doubling his side 's lead . Late substitute Juan Vargas came off the substitutes ' bench to ensure progression for his side . Vargas runs away in celebration after doubling his side 's lead in the closing stages of the Europa League clash .