These are the four Royal Navy sailors charged with the gang rape of a young woman at an alcohol-fuelled party in a Canadian barracks . The men , who were taking part in a Royal Navy ice-hockey team tour of Nova Scotia , allegedly attacked a 21-year-old local woman . The assault was reported to police by the woman immediately afterwards . Scroll down for video . Charged : Royal Navy sailors Joshua Finbow , 23 , -LRB- left -RRB- and Simon Radford , 31 , -LRB- right -RRB- pictured in uniform and training . Held : Craig Stoner , 24 , -LRB- left -RRB- and Darren Smalley , 35 , -LRB- right -RRB- are being held by military police in Canada . Joshua Finbow , 23 , a submarine engineer , Craig Stoner , 24 , Simon Radford , 31 , and Darren Smalley , 35 , were arrested six days later . They were led into Dartmouth Provincial court on Friday partially masking their faces under their hoodies . The men were charged with sexual assault causing bodily harm and group sexual assault . A spokesman for the Canadian military police said the four were at a drinks party at the Shearwater naval base near Halifax on April 10 when the alleged offence took place . The alleged victim , who is a civilian , was taken to hospital and examined by sexual assault nurses . Shearwater is a secure military facility where ID is needed for access . The woman was reportedly invited on to the base to attend a party linked to the ice hockey tournament . Lieutenant Colonel Francis Bolduc , commanding officer of the Canadian Forces National Investigations Service -LRB- CFNIS -RRB- , said : ` This is a disturbing accusation of sexual assault . ` I 'm pleased with the full co-operation provided by the British authorities to support the hard work and diligence of the CFNIS team in responding to this matter . ' In custody : Joshua Finbow -LRB- left -RRB- and Simon Radford -LRB- right -RRB- as they are led from court in Dartmouth , Nova Scotia . Detained : Craig Stoner , 24 , -LRB- left -RRB- and Darren Smalley , 35 , -LRB- right -RRB- are in shackles as they are led away following a brief court appearance in Canada . Military police seized bedding , clothing and electronic devices such as mobile phones , laptops and iPads belonging to the men . They also forensically examined the room the attack is alleged to have taken place in , along with nearby areas . If found guilty , the men could face 14 years in jail . The charges will cause serious embarrassment to senior Royal Navy officers . One source said : ` I expect very high-ups in both the Canadian and British navies are going to be watching this case closely . ' Radford -- understood to be the team 's coach -- lives in Gosport , Hampshire , with his wife Yvonne , and their daughter . He had posted on Facebook on April 5 about travelling to Halifax from Heathrow . The day after the alleged attack he said he was at the city 's harbour . Naval base : The East Coast Navy base at Halifax , Nova Scotia , near to where the alleged incident occurred . Last night his wife said she had not spoken to him since his arrest . It is understood Finbow , of Stockbridge , Hampshire , also has a partner . The day before the incident , the team had taken part in curling at an ice rink . Then on the day of the alleged attack , the team played against the Canadian Fleet Diving Unit in the morning , followed by the Shearwater over-45s team in the afternoon . Hal Puddifant , Shearwater arena manager , said : ` They seemed like a good group of guys , there were a couple of Canadians on the team . They cancelled some games . I have no idea why . ' The four spent the weekend in jail and will appear again before Dartmouth Provincial Court today to determine whether they will receive bail . Crown attorney Scott Morrison said : ` It is a sensitive issue and a very serious charge . ` At this point it 's possible they could be released , but the main issue is whether or not they will be allowed to leave Canada . ' A Ministry of Defence spokesman said the navy ` takes allegations of this nature very seriously , however as legal proceedings continue it would be inappropriate to comment further ' . The team 's Facebook page was taken down following the arrests , as were the men 's personal Facebook pages . The Royal Navy ice hockey website was taken down ` due to maintenance ' . Military base : An aerial view of the Shearwater military base where four British sailors are accused of assaulting a civilian . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .