A 20-year-old University of Mary Washington student was found murdered on Friday in Virginia and her older male roommate has now been arrested and charged with the killing . Grace Rebecca Mann , 20 , was found unconscious by two female roommates in the home they shared in Fredericksburg , near the college campus , about 3 pm . Local reports say Mann was asphyxiated and found with a plastic bag stuffed into her throat , however police have not commented on the cause of death . The fourth roommate of the house , Steven Vander Briel , 30 , was home when the two women stumbled upon the body , but ran out of the house , according to fredericksburg.com . Scroll down for video . Murdered : A University of Mary Washington student has been charged with abduction and murder in the death of his roommate , 20-year-old Grace Rebecca Mann of Falls Church -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Charged : Steven Vander Briel , 30 -LRB- left -RRB- , is accused of killing Mann -LRB- right -RRB- , an active UMW junior , and fleeing the scene . He was arrested two hours later in a church parking lot . Mann is believed to have been asphyxiated . One of the women started to perform CPR as the other called 911 . Mann - the daughter of a juvenile and domestic relations court judge in Fairfax County - was rushed to Mary Washington Hospital , but pronounced dead shortly after arriving . A major manhunt was subsequently launched for Briel . A nearby school , James Monroe High School , was placed on lock-down as officers scoured the streets with police dogs . Just over two hours later , about 5.30 pm , some officers saw Briel emerge from the woods near Riverside First Church of God on Fall Hill Avenue . He was arrested and taken in for questioning . Police have since charged Briel with first-degree murder and abduction . Scene : Grace Rebecca Mann , 20 , was found unconscious by two female roommates in a home on Washington Avenue about 3 p.m. , Fredericksburg Police said . Four people lived at the home - Mann and Briel , and two other females that found Mann 's body . Manhunt : Vander Briel was taken into custody following a two-hour manhunt that included police dogs and about 20 city police officers . Accused : Police have charged Steven Vander Briel , 30 , with first-degree murder and abduction in the death of Grace Rebecca Mann . Family : Grace Mann is the daughter of Thomas Mann , a juvenile and domestic relations court judge in Fairfax County , and Melissa Mann , local media reported . There was no known personal relationship between Mann and Briel , other than the fact they lived together , NBC Washington reported . No motive has been released and the circumstances surrounding the death also remain unknown . Briel attended UMW from 2002 to 2007 and then re-enrolled for the spring 2015 semester as a political science major . Mann was a junior from Falls Church , Virginia . She was a history and American studies major . She also was an executive board member of Feminist United and recently appointed to the President 's Task Force on Sexual Assault . She was also a member of the Student Government Association Senate . ` She was moving mountains , ' one student , Theresa Buczek , wrote on Facebook . Active : Mann was a popular and active UMW junior who was majoring in history and American studies . Popular : Mann was an executive board member of Feminist United and recently appointed to the President 's Task Force on Sexual Assault . As word spread around campus Friday , tributes started pouring in for Mann , who was described as determined and energetic . UMW Senior Paige McKinsey told NBC Washington that Mann was working towards becoming a lawyer . ` As an American Studies major , Grace focused her studies on the mass incarceration rates of underprivileged communities with hopes of becoming a lawyer to one day serve those communities , ' McKinsey said . ` As a friend , Grace brought love and joy into every interaction and every person she came across . '