Brendan Rodgers insists Liverpool 's transfer ambitions will not be compromised by their inability to offer Champions League football -- as they step up their pursuit of Memphis Depay . While Manchester United remain favourites to land the exciting Holland international , Liverpool were given permission by PSV Eindhoven to hold with Depay . Paris St Germain have also spoken to the 21-year-old , who scored 21 goals in the Eredivise this season . Brendan Rodgers is hoping Memphis Depay will choose Liverpool as his next destination . PSV are looking for £ 25million for Depay , who has also been linked with Bayern Munich , and while Rodgers would neither confirm nor deny Liverpool 's interest , he did acknowledge it is players of Depay 's quality he is aiming to attract . Rodgers does not intend to be as busy as last year when he made eight new signings -- Burnley 's Danny Ings and James Milner of Manchester City are prime targets , while Aston Villa striker Christian Benteke could be an option -- but Depay is a marker of their ambitions . How , though , will they lure targets from outside the top four ? Liverpool 's recent history is littered with moves for big players that collapsed -- Alexis Sanchez are Diego Costa are prime examples -- and taking a backward step this season will not have helped them . Rodgers , who saw similar failings hinder his side in a tepid 0-0 draw with West Brom , accepts there is a big challenge facing Liverpool this summer but is confident they will be able to bring in the required quality . West Brom striker Victor Anichebe stretches out his right leg to poke ball away from defender Martin Skrtel . Italian striker Mario Balotelli keeps his eyes focused on the ball on a rare start for Liverpool at the Hawthorns . Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard plays a pass under pressure from West Brom midfielder Darren Fletcher . Raheem Sterling is sent tumbling to the turf by a sliding tackle from West Brom defender Craig Dawson . QPR -LRB- home -RRB- - May 2 . Chelsea -LRB- away -RRB- - May 9 . Crystal Palace -LRB- home -RRB- - May 16 . Stoke -LRB- away -RRB- - May 24 . When asked if Liverpool had held talks with Depay , Rodgers replied : ` The kid is obiously a very talented player . ` It is clear we need a goal threat for next season . There will be a raft of players that will be looked at . Then it will be up to the club to see if they are affordable and available . There are targets that have been identified as a priority . We will have to see if they are available . ' Inevitably , there will be players who Rodgers would like to sign that wo n't consider joining Liverpool simply because they are not in the Champions League but the manager believes they have done enough since he arrived to withstand this season 's setback . ` If we are not in the Champions League , players will still maybe want to come , ' said Rodgers , who could be without Steven Gerrard at Hull tomorrow night after he picked up a `` knock '' . ` But if it 's right for the players , and the project is right for them to learn and develop , I think if they have watched us over a few years , if we can regroup and get some quality starters in , we can go on another great adventure and get back in there . ` If we are looking to regain what we had last season , we need that tempo to our game and our approach play . That is key . If we can do that , we will have an opportunity to really kick on again . ' Liverpool remain fifth in the Premier League - five points seven points behind Manchester United in fourth . Liverpool 's Simon Mignolet punches a cross away under pressure from West Brom defender Joleon Lescott . West Brom defender Dawson tugs Sterling 's shirt as he challenges him for the ball during the first half . West Brom duo Boaz Myhill and Lescott help stop a shot from Liverpool midfielder Jordan Henderson .