Jailed : John Coyne , 56 , who ran a central London pub attacked his 25-year-old victim who had fallen unconscious after a night of drinking in October last year . A pub landlord has been jailed for nine years for raping a man who fell asleep in his bar . John Coyne , 56 , who ran the Prince of Wales pub in Harrow Road , central London , attacked his 25-year-old victim who had fallen unconscious after a night of drinking in October last year . Coyne was convicted of rape and engaging in sexual activity without consent and jailed at Blackfriars Crown Court yesterday . The jury heard the victim , who is heterosexual , had been on a night out with friends after finishing work and ended the night at Coyne 's pub where he fell asleep on a sofa . The victim then woke at around 3 am to find Coyne raping him . Coyne fled and the victim called the police , who seized CCTV footage from the venue that captured the landlord committing his offences . He still denied the crimes but was found guilty by a jury . Police have today urged people to contact them if they believe they have also been attacked by the rapist pub landlord . Detective Constable Neil Hume , the officer in the case , said following the sentencing : ` Coyne abused his position as a landlord of a pub to take advantage of an unconscious customer and showed no remorse . ` I would applaud the victim 's bravery attending court and hope that the sentence sends out a clear message . ' Detective Inspector Neil Smithson , the senior investigating officer , added : ` The Metropolitan Police are committed to prosecuting sexual offenders . Attack : The victim had been on a night out with friends after finishing work and ended the night at Coyne 's pub in Harrow Road , pictured , where he woke to find Coyne raping him . ` Coyne preyed on an unconscious customer whilst in his own pub and I would encourage anyone who believes they may have been a victim at the hands of Coyne to come forward . ' The landlord was sentenced to nine years in prison for rape and five years for causing a person to engage in sexual activity without consent , to be served concurrently .