Hundreds of passengers on a New York City subway train were evacuated from cars in an underwater tunnel after a fire during the Monday morning commute . A train heading from Queens into Manhattan was stalled underneath the East River around 8.30 am Monday morning and its conductor saw smoke coming from the board along the track 's third rail . The train 's 542 passengers were taken by a rescue train to Grand Central Station in Manhattan , an MTA spokesman told Daily Mail Online . Scroll down for video . Service on a New York City subway line -LRB- pictured -RRB- was suspended for almost two hours after smoke in an underwater tunnel left hundreds of passengers stuck beneath the East River . More than 500 passengers were taken to Manhattan after spending roughly an hour and a half trapped . They walked through their stalled train into a rescue train and left around 10 am . Part of the train 's contact shoe , which gets power from the third rail , is thought to have touched the board instead of the rail , sparking the incident that left service on the 7 train suspended for just less than two hours . The last of the passengers were taken on to the new train around 10 am , according to AMNY . No injuries were reported beyond a woman who felt faint and requested medical attention . The MTA has warned passengers to expect delays on other lines such as the N , Q , and R . More than 500 passengers were taken to Manhattan after spending roughly an hour and a half trapped beneath the East River . Above , firefighters seen at Grand Central Station . Commuters faced delays and crowds of people as they tried to travel from Queens into Manhattan . Service resumed around 10.30 am after the incident , believed to be caused by a train 's conduct with a safety board . Commuters trips on the 7 line were disrupted , with some taking unusual transport methods such as boats to get to work . Residents of Queens have recently complained about what they view as particularly poor service on the 7 , which goes through the heart of their borough . A rally was held last month calling for less delays on the line after a winter of outages , according to DNA Info .