Ed Balls -LRB- pictured -RRB- said he would not allow Nicola Sturgeon 's party to insist on a deal that would see Scotland benefit at the expense of England . Ed Balls has ruled out any post-election pact with the SNP that would put Scotland ahead of England - insisting it would be a ` betrayal of the English vote . ' The shadow chancellor said he was ` unequivocal ' that he would not allow Nicola Sturgeon 's party to dictate a deal at England 's expense . Ed Miliband has insisted Labour will not form a coalition with the SNP but has so far stopped short of dismissing a looser arrangement that could prop up a Labour administration . Mr Balls told Wolverhampton 's Express and Star newspaper : ` On the SNP point , there is absolutely no possibility of any vote being put to parliament or any budget measure in a Labour budget which would in any way disadvantage the West Midlands or any other part of England , because that 's what the SNP demand . ` No way . Unequivocal . I 'm not going to do it and Labour wo n't do it . We 've been very clear we wo n't have a coalition with the SNP and the reason is that the SNP - they ca n't stand up for the interests of people in England because they want to break up the UK . ' He went on : ` Now , we will put a vote to parliament to abolish the bedroom tax . I want a Labour majority to get that through . If the SNP decided to vote against it , that 's up to them . ` But the idea that we would ever be in a position where the SNP come along and say , `` we want you to advantage Scotland against the West Midlands in return - in order to win our support '' , that would be a betrayal of these constituencies here in the Black Country and the West Midlands , it would be a betrayal of the English vote and we will not do it . Unequivocal . ' Yesterday , it was revealed that more than half of Scots plan to back the SNP in the general election , shattering Ed Miliband 's hopes of securing a Labour majority . Nicola Sturgeon has been buoyed by a series of TV debates opposing austerity cuts , despite threatening another referendum on independence . A TNS survey shows the SNP has almost doubled its lead over Labour in a month , with 52 per cent now backing Ms Sturgeon with only 24 per cent of Scots planning to vote for Mr Miliband . The Scottish nationalists ' surge in the polls comes amid signs of a split between Labour leadership in London and Jim Murphy , the Labour leader in Scotland . Mr Murphy has suggested that the party would not need to make ` further cuts to achieve our spending rules ' in the next parliament . But yesterday Chuka Umunna , Labour 's business spokesman , slapped him down ; telling the BBC 's Daily Politics programme that cuts would have to be made throughout the life of the new parliament . Nicola Sturgeon has offered to work with Labour 's Ed Miliband to lock the Tories out of power , even if David Cameron wins more seats on May 7 . Ms Sturgeon has offered to work with Labour to lock the Tories out of power , even if David Cameron wins more seats on May 7 . But Labour and the SNP have clashed on Ms Sturgeon 's call for full fiscal autonomy for Scotland , and her suggestion that another referendum could be held before 2020 . In March , Mr Miliband flatly ruled out going into coalition with the SNP as he attempted to draw a line under weeks of Tory jibes . The Labour leader insisted there would be no power-sharing deal with Nicola Sturgeon 's party and he would not lead a government that included SNP ministers . However , he stopped short of dismissing a looser arrangement that could prop up a Labour administration , such as the ` confidence and supply ' agreement . This would essentially see Scottish MPs supporting Labour by helping to get legislation through the Commons .