Tom Ince chose not celebrate , nor did 60 or so travelling Blackpool fans who used to cherish his displays . But Derby County very much cheered this emphatic victory that solidified their position in the play-offs and provided a needed tonic after recent headaches . Ince 's reluctance to show joy when finding the net in some style against his former club was understandable . Blackpool is where he crafted his game and made his name between 2011 and 2014 . Since he left last year , initially on loan to Crystal Palace in January , there has been only despair on the seaside , and this defeat confirmed they would take the Championship wooden spoon . Derby celebrated an emphatic victory over Blackpool that kept their promotion push going . Derby : Grant , Keogh , Shotton , Whitbread , Warnock , Bryson , Hendrick -LRB- Thomas 78 -RRB- , Dawkins , Ince -LRB- Ward 74 -RRB- , Bent -LRB- Russell 68 -RRB- , Lingard . Subs not used : Christie , Forsyth , Roos , Albentosa . Goals : Bryson 3 , Ince 28 , Bent 29 , -LRB- pen -RRB- 65 . Blackpool : Parish , Maher -LRB- Barkhuizen 54 -RRB- , Clarke , O'Dea , Dunne , Cubero , Perkins , O'Hara , Orlandi , Madine , Cameron -LRB- Samuel 69 -RRB- . Subs not used : Oliver , Ferguson , Telford , Boney , Higham . Referee : Oliver Langford -LRB- W Midlands -RRB- . Attendance : 27,227 . Derby , despite their recent troubles , can still look up . An easy win against the division 's worst team by far may not vouch for their play-off credentials but the three points help get them there . Steve McClaren , who may be heading to the Premier League no matter what , was unable to field top scorer Chris Martin because of a niggling hamstring injury . But his absence was not crucial , this was over by half-time . Probably after just 2 minutes 29 seconds . That is when Craig Bryson picked the ball up off Jeff Hendrick in the middle of the pitch , strolled forward unchallenged and let fly a shot from 20 yards that bounced into corner of the net . Deadlock broken , the rival fans united in trashing Blackpool chairman Karl Oyston , whose stewardship has sent the club into League One . ` Love Blackpool Hate Oyston , ' was a banner held aloft in the sparsely-populated away end . Craig Bryson celebrates after scoring the opening goal as early as the third minute . Tom Ince scored Derby 's second goal of the night against his former side at the iPro Stadium . Chants were aired , ` Oyston for Forest ' being one of the more printable . Ince 's goal came in the 28th minute . He got the ball from Ryan Shotton , danced into the area and curled a wonderful effort inside the far post . How important his eight goals have been since joining on loan from Hull . Ince stayed composed out of respect to the club where he scored 31 goals in 100 league games . Some non-celebrations seem trivial . This , given all Blackpool 's fans have suffered , was removing the salt from the wound . A mere 58 seconds later , it was 3-0 . Straight from kick-off Charles Dunne sent a backpass into the path of Darren Bent , who finished cleanly . It meant he had scored in four consecutive league appearances for the first time since October 2009 . He should have had a second seven minutes after the break . Jesse Lingard picked out Ince , whose shot was saved by Elliot Parish , the ball rebounding back off Ince to Bent six yards out . But the former England striker ballooned his shot high over the bar . He did double his tally in the 65th minute with a thumping penalty after Peter Clarke had fouled Shotton . It was his 12th goal in 15 games since arriving on loan from Aston Villa . Derby will need more of the same to reach the Premier League . For Blackpool , that dream has long faded . Darren Bent celebrates after added a third goal for Derby inside the half-hour mark on Tuesday . Bent rifles a penalty into the top corner in the second half to add Derby 's fourth goal and his second . Blackpool 's small contingent of travelling supporters make their feelings towards Karl Oyston known . 18 April - Huddersfield -LRB- A -RRB- . 25 April - Millwall -LRB- A -RRB- . 2 May - Reading -LRB- H -RRB- . 18 April - Fulham -LRB- H -RRB- . 25 April - Cardiff -LRB- A -RRB- . 2 May - Huddersfield -LRB- H -RRB- .