A dramatic road rage incident between a truck driver and two young men has been caught on camera . The footage , which was taken last Monday in Forrestville in northern Sydney shows a driver behind the wheel of an AC & S truck tailgating , yelling and flashing his lights aggressively , nearly crashing into the back of a small Subaru car . The incident started on Warringah Road and continued on for 8.5 km , with the passenger in the car claiming the truck driver was laughing and even spit on their car . Scroll down for video . A dramatic road rage incident between a truck driver and two young men has been caught on camera . Friends Cameron Rose and Bo Honna were the occupants of the Subaru and said they were perturbed when the truck driver crossed into their lane without using any indication . While Mr Honna was driving the car , his mate Mr Rose was filming the menacing incident on his phone . After Mr Rose put his arm out the window in a gesture to show the truck driver that he was not happy with his action , an onslaught of terror began . First the truck driver drove up right behind the men , almost touching their bumper . Then he began laughing and sticking his head out the window , shouting abuse at the men , beeping his horn and flashing his lights to put them off their driving . According to Mr Honna , the truckie got about two centimetres from the back of his car . The incident , which started on Warringah Road apparently continued for 8.5 km until both the car and the truck were forced to stop at a red light . The footage , which was taken last Monday in Forrestville in northern Sydney shows a driver behind the wheel of an AC & S truck tailgating , yelling and flashing his lights aggressively , nearly crashing into the back of a small Subaru car . Friends Cameron Rose -LRB- pictured -RRB- and Bo Honna were the occupants of the Subaru and said they were perturbed when the truck driver crossed into their lane without using any indication . The road rage began at about 2:10 pm when both vehicles were heading north over the Roseville Bridge . During the terrorising journey , Mr Rose told 9News that the truck driver spat out the window at the men , however he did not manage to catch it on camera . ` It was just disgusting behaviour I could n't believe it , ' Mr Rose said . The men also filmed the truckie tailgating a blue Ute before swerving into their lane and in front of their car with no indication . The road rage began at about 2:10 pm when both vehicles were heading north over the Roseville Bridge . Subaru driver Mr Honna -LRB- pictured -RRB- told 9News that he thinks the truck driver 's licence should be confiscated due to his feckless driving . They said they believed this was an attempt to cut them off but it did n't stop them lodging a complaint about their horrific ordeal . They believe that the truck driver put their lives at risk with his erratic driving and could have caused a serious road collision . Subaru driver Mr Honna told 9News that he thinks the truck driver 's licence should be confiscated due to his feckless driving . The truck driver 's employer AC & S said they had disciplined their employee in a statement and claimed he said he was provoked by the two men . The incident , which started on Warringah Road apparently continued for 8.5 km until both the car and the truck were forced to stop at a red light . ` If you 're going to drive a truck , drive it safely and if you 're not going to drive it like that and terrorise people on the road you do n't deserve a licence , ' he said . The truck driver 's employer AC & S said they had disciplined their employee in a statement and claimed he said he was provoked by the two men . ` AC & S do not condone bad behaviour or dangerous driving -- and to date we have a clean record of any such incidents , ' they told 9News . ` We will be investigating this matter further . ' During the terrorising journey , Mr Rose told 9News that the truck driver spat out the window at the men , however he did not manage to catch it on camera . The men also filmed the truckie tailgating a blue Ute before swerving into their lane and in front of their car with no indication .