Diego Simeone and Carlo Ancelotti both hailed Atletico Madrid goalkeeper Jan Oblak , who made a string of excellent saves to keep Real Madrid at bay . The Champions League quarter-final first leg clash at the Vicente Calderon finished goalless and that was largely thanks to an outstanding performance from the Slovenian goalkeeper . He made a phenomenal save to deny Gareth Bale in the fourth minute and another fantastic stop kept James Rodriguez from opening the scoring in the first half . Atletico Madrid goalkeeper Jan Oblak denies Gareth Bale an early goal at the Vicente Calderon on Tuesday . Oblak gets down low to keep out a shot from Real Madrid 's James Rodriguez in the second half . ` They are one of the best teams in the world at defending . Oblak did a great job , ' said Real Madrid boss Ancelotti . ` I think , above all in the first half we deserved more than 0-0 . Real Madrid 's first half was fantastic , we played very well , with personality . ` The second half was different because they pressured us more and we had difficulty keeping possession . ` The result was not good , but we have gained confidence from that game , from what the team showed . The result is the best of the ` worst ' results . ` They are little details , we had opportunities and everyone did great work in attack , but we did n't finish well . We have to repeat this performance in the Bernabeu next Wednesday . Carlo Ancelotti wants his side to repeat their performance at the Bernabeu next week despite failing to win . Cristiano Ronaldo is thwarted in his attempt to open the scoring against rivals Atletico Madrid . ` After this game there is still no favourite . It 's as it was before we started . We have to repeat the game we played in the first 45 minutes . With two draws , you can still go through . ' Simeone was also impressed with the performance of Real Madrid in the first half , but more so with that of his goalkeeper . ` In the first half the opponents were good . Oblak was great , especially for Bale 's chance . ` And the best thing was the reaction we had . Any other team that had been damaged as we were in the first half would have ended up conceding . ` But the game became much closer to what we had imagined at the start . ' Simeone also did not want to put the blame on Sergio Ramos for an incident which saw Mario Mandzukic left with a bloodied face . Sergio Ramos -LRB- left -RRB- catches Mario Mandzukic with his elbow , cutting the Atletico striker 's face . Diego Simone refused to blame Ramos for the clash , insisting that the Real defender did n't mean it . The two players clashed when challenging for the ball and Ramos ' elbow caught the Croatian forward . ` Mandzukic had a hard game and competed against Ramos and Varane who are extraordinary players , ' said Simeone . ` The hit with Ramos happened without him meaning to , so let 's speak nothing more of it . ' The teams meet again on Wednesday April 22 , and Simeone , whose side have not lost to Ancelotti 's in any of the seven clashes this season , is convinced that it will be a great game . ` We will go there with the idea of playing as well as we can , ' he said . ` It will be a different game . It will be the classic game that we all like to play . '