Father-of-two Tipu Sultan from Sunderland , who has been named locally as a takeaway boss who has shot dead outside his shop in South Shields . A manhunt has been launched after a father-of-two described as friendly and chatty was shot dead outside a takeaway in a professional-style hit . Tipu Sultan was gunned down shortly before 10 pm last night at the back of the Herbs n Spice takeaway that he ran in South Shields . Emergency services found Mr Sultan , who lived in Sunderland , but was originally from Bangladesh with a gunshot wound and he was pronounced dead at the scene . Witnesses report seeing two men wearing crash helmets and dressed in dark clothing on a motorbike driving away from the area in the direction of Lizard Lane immediately after the shooting . Today there is a heavy police presence on Lake Avenue in South Shields with the lane behind the takeaway completely taped off with officers believing Mr Sultan , 32 , was targeted deliberately . South Tyneside Superintendent Sav Patsalos said : ` The investigation into the murder of Tipu Sultan is in its very early stages and we are appealing for anyone with any information that could help us with our inquiries to contact us as soon as possible . ` We are trying to establish the motive behind the incident and a full murder investigation is currently being carried out . ` We believe that this has been an isolated incident and not a random shooting , enquiries are ongoing to establish this . ` Those responsible may have planned the incident in advance of carrying it out and if anyone has seen anything or anyone suspicious in the area at anytime in the past few days then I 'd ask them to come forward and speak to us . ` There is nothing to suggest there that is any risk to any other members of the public or any of the communities in South Tyneside and we understand this incident is extremely concerning for local people and that is why we have extra officers down in the Lake Avenue to reassure and speak to the public . ` We are doing everything we can to try and identify those responsible for this attack and I 'd urge anyone with any information to contact police straight away . ' It has also emerged that Mr Sultan 's father saw the shooting and closed the door as the weapon was pointed at him . Police cordon off the area in South Shields around the Herbs n Spice takeaway where a man , named locally as Tipu Sultan , died from gunshot wounds . Mr Sultan 's sister Jubli Begum told the Newcastle Evening Chronicle : ` My dad called last night to say to come quickly to the takeaway . The back door of the takeaway was open and two lads on motorbike came . ` My dad said one got off and had a gun , he pointed it towards my brother and said ` you ' and shot the gun at his neck or side of head . ' Meanwhile people living nearby to the takeaway have been paying tribute to Mr Sultan . Angela Charlton , 49 , a carer from South Shields who lives around the corner from Herbs n Spice said : ` I feel awful . You do n't expect something like this on your own doorstep . It 's like a movie . ` I have heard that someone came in and ordered a can of coke while someone else came round the back and shot him in the head . It is understood that the victim worked in the takeaway and today there is a heavy police presence in the area . ` I have also heard that he was out smoking out the back when the two men arrived . There are rumours flying around at the moment . ` Apparently there were two men on a motorbike , one driver and one shooter . ` I live around the corner so I did n't hear anything apart from the commotion that followed of police cars and helicopters . ' Meanwhile Ann Wilkinson , 57 , who lives close to Lake Avenue and is studying to be a childminder , added : ` He was always in the takeaway , but I think his dad owned it . ` He spoke good English , and he was one of the best people . He was always friendly and chatty . He was concerned about the family and asking about the kids . ` He had a boy and a girl and was from Sunderland . I ca n't think of anyone who would want to hurt him . No-one had a bad word to say about him . ` I feel like I knew him well . He travelled through from Sunderland every night . I just feel gutted for his family and his little kid . ' People living close to the area have paid tribute to the father-of-two , who they described as ` friendly and chatty ' Victoria Chisholm , 37 , landlady of the pub The Lake next door to the takeaway , also paid tribute to the victim . She said : ` I am just looking at the police tape and thinking it should n't have been happening here . ` I am really shocked . He was a big part of the community . He used to bring everyone 's curry through to the pub . ` When it happened I was in the back bedroom . There were lads from the curry shop shouting for the police . ` I had my friend 's four children staying with me so I could n't go out . ' Anyone who was in the area last night and might have information is asked to contact police on 101 ext 69191 , quoting reference number 1255 07/04 / 15 .