Two best friends who shed an impressive amount of weight and scored top modelling careers prove that with a little determination and self-belief , you can achieve your dreams . Jamie Jewitt , 24 , and Henry Rogers , 22 , both admit that when they were in their teens , their self-esteem was at rock bottom . Henry , from Ealing , reached eighteen stone at his heaviest . Before he made his foray into modelling , Henry , 22 , was a student and working part-time as an electronic salesman . Scroll down for video . Henry Rogers , 22 , hit 18st at his heaviest , left , but went on an intense two-year diet , including going vegan for a year , and now he 's a sought-after model , right . At this point , he was keen to pursue a career in rugby , which was his passion . However , after reaching 18st , he decided to embark on a strict diet and after shedding the pounds and slimming down to 12st , he landed a job at Abercrombie & Fitch , where he was scouted by top agency , Models 1 . His best friend Jamie Jewitt , 24 , from Essex , weighed 15st before his 15th birthday . Jamie was so self-conscious with his looks , he barely posed for any photographs and has hardly any snaps from his teen years . Before he made his foray into modelling , left , Henry was a student and working part-time as an electronic salesman . After shedding the weight , he landed a job in Abercrombie & Fitch and his career sky-rocketed from there , right . The men are using their new-found platform to speak out in a bid to break the ` shame ' around body image and insecurity amongst men . After two years of intense and solid training - which included following a strict vegan diet for a year - he shed the excess weight and now weighs 12st . After he shed the weight , his family urged him to go to a casting following years of taunts about the way he looked . The first casting was unsuccessful and he focused on his education . But fearing that he 'd feel defeated , his parents encouraged him to go to a second casting . He was successful and moved out to New York alone to pursue his career in modelling . Despite initial setbacks , the pair have since fronted campaigns for Tom Ford , Armani , Prada and Dolce & Gabbana . Jamie Jewitt , 24 , from Essex , pictured left , at school , weighed 15st before his 15th birthday and was so self-conscious he would hardly ever pose for photos . After two years of intense and solid training - which included following a vegan diet for a year - he shed the excess weight and now weighs 12st , right . The duo have even ventured into the world of reality TV , starring on New York 's answer to Made In Chelsea , Taking New York . The boys have , however , left the show to focus on their modelling careers . And now , they say they want to use their new-found platform to speak out in a bid to break the ' shame ' around ` body image ' and ` insecurity ' amongst men . So why do some men struggle to talk about body insecurities ? Jamie and Henry think it is a ` masculine thing ' . Discussing the topic , Jamie said : ` This year we have seen women leading the way . The likes of the Spice Girls encouraged the `` feel good '' movement . They encouraged women coming together and celebrating `` body beautiful '' . ` But , for men , we are all too cowardly to talk about body image and insecurities . Even though we are all feeling it , we are not having those discussions down the gym . You do n't want to be that guy that gets a tough time from your mates for talking out . It is silly really . ' After he shed the weight , Jamie 's family urged him to go to a casting following years of taunts about the way he looked - and he managed to get spotted and now stars in the biggest designer 's campaigns . The pair want to use their newfound platform for the better and are getting set to promote healthy male body image in a photoshoot with Attitude/Ateen coming out in June . Henry added : ` For some reason men do n't feel like they can admit that they are insecure about their looks , that they do n't feel the same pressures that women do . But with all the women paving the way for us and speaking out so confidently about their insecurities , we thought , why not admit to the world that we 're not always comfortable in our skin either . ` Where are the male celebrity ambassadors talking out about body image ? There are n't any . Where are the female celebrity ambassadors talking out about body image ? Everywhere . ` From Pink to Kelly Clarkson . Women are out there talking loud and proud . We are letting the side down . ' The pair are getting set to promote healthy male body image in a photoshoot with Attitude/Ateen coming out in June .