Travel to the tropics today and you 'll experience balmy annual mean temperatures of 30 ° c -LRB- 85 ° f -RRB- . But travel there 2.4 billion years ago , and it 's likely you would have been subjected to Arctic-like temperatures of -40 ° c -LRB- -40 ° f -RRB- . This so-called ` Snowball Earth ' theory suggests that our planet was once entirely frozen over - and it could have implications for finding life on other frozen worlds like Europa and Enceladus . A University of Cologne scientist led research proposing a new theory . It suggests temperatures at Earth 's equator were -40 ° c -LRB- -40 ° f -RRB- 2.4 billion years ago -LRB- artist 's illustration shown -RRB- . The reasons why the whole planet was frozen are not understood . But it could have implications for finding life on frozen moons like Europa . The research , led by Dr Daniel Herwartz from the University of Cologne , was published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences . It suggests that the entire Earth was subjected to a ` deep freeze ' , with the oceans turning into ice 1,000 ft -LRB- 300 metres -RRB- thick . This means that , were life to survive at the time , it would likely have had to remain in the water deep underground , below this icy crust . On other worlds in the solar system such as Europa , we see a similar icy crust - and are fairly confident that it , too , has a liquid ocean underground . A frozen world , similar to Earth , that is circling just one of a pair of stars could improve the chances of finding alien life . The planet , located 3,000 light years away , is twice as massive as Earth and almost exactly the same distance from its parent star as the Earth is from the sun . Named OGLE-2013-BLG-0341LBb , the planet 's host star shines 400 times less brightly than the sun . It has been described as the real-life version of ice planet Hoth featured in Star Wars sequel The Empire Strikes Back . But astronomers from Ohio State University pointed out that the same planet orbiting a sun-like star would be in the ` habitable zone ' where conditions are potentially suitable for liquid surface water and life . And based on this latest ` Snowball Earth ' , it could suggest there are many more planets that resemble ours 2.4 billion years ago . ` These events are fascinating . We had times where we really had a completely frozen Earth , ' Dr Herwartz told Discovery News . ` If you go now to tropical regions and you imagine thick glaciers and all the oceans frozen , it 's crazy I think , but it appears to be that this has happened . ' This theory can also help explain a period in Earth 's history known as the Great Oxygen Transition , 2.2 billion years ago . Here , oxygen levels began to rapidly rise from 0.0001 per cent of present levels to the 21 per cent of the atmosphere we see today . Rapid melting across the entirety of Earth could have given rise to these increased levels of oxygen in the atmosphere . Evidence for this latest theory comes from oxygen isotopes studied in rocks in China and Russia . The exact causes for why the entire Earth seemingly froze over are not clear , though . Speaking to MailOnline , Dr Herwatz said before 2.4 billion years ago , the climate of our Earth was ` normal ' - similar to the climate we have today . And he said a drop in CO2 levels was likely the cause of Earth turning into a snowball . ` When CO2 drops ice caps grow large , ' he explained . ` Because ice is white , a lot of the incoming sunlight is reflected back to space and so large ice caps cause the earth to cool even further . ` Climate modelling suggests that at a certain critical point , the Earth freezes over completely . ` Then , so much sunlight is reflected back to space -LRB- causing such a strong cooling effect -RRB- that the Earth becomes a snowball . ' The research , led by Dr Daniel Herwartz from the University of Cologne , was published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences . It suggests that the entire Earth was subjected to a ` deep freeze ' , with the oceans turning into ice 1,000 ft -LRB- 300 metres -RRB- thick -LRB- stock image shown -RRB- . It may have been that increased glaciation at the poles produced an opposite ` greenhouse effect ' , with the added ice reflecting more of the sun 's light and making the planet ever-more cool , allowing the ice to spread . Volcanic eruptions - or even a supervolcano - could also have reduced the amount of light reaching Earth , allowing temperatures to drop . It appears that volcanic activity was ultimately responsible for helping Earth breaking free of its icy grip , though , increasing global temperatures . In fact , Dr Herwatz said the amount of melting probably caused Earth to go through a ` supergreenhouse period ' . The ` Snowball Earth ' theory is not set in stone , though - some have instead suggested it may have been more of a slushball . In other words , parts of the planet may have been encased in ice , but open seawater would still have existed in some locations , such as near the equator . In Earth 's past the continents were much closer together , and by 1.1 billion years ago they had formed a supercontinent known as Rodinia -LRB- left -RRB- . Some moons in the solar system such as Enceladus -LRB- right -RRB- are covered in ice today , but believed to have oceans beneath their surface . Whether such an event could happen again , though , does not look likely . Dr Herwatz noted that 2.4 million years ago , the sun was not as strong as it is today , allowing the process to take place . But a second snowball-like even 600 to 700 million years ago , which was n't quite as severe , occurred when the sun was almost as strong as it is today . ` So I do n't know why it should not happen again , ' he said . ` All you need is an extension of ice caps to a certain threshold level . ` -LSB- But -RSB- considering the man made input of CO2 into our atmosphere we are currently heading in another direction , hence a Snowball Earth climate is currently very unlikely . '