It will be remembered as one of the Premier League 's greatest ever goals . Stoke 's Charlie Adam stunned the Chelsea home crowd today with a breathtaking 66-yard strike that will go down in history . The Scottish midfielder picked up the ball up deep into his own half and belted it with his reliable left foot after noticing Chelsea goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois well off his line . Scroll down for video . Sublime : The midfielder 's goal will go down in history as one of the greatest the Premier League has seen . Best ever ? Stoke 's Charlie Adam , pictured on the left , scores from 66 yards against Chelsea today . The ball can be seen at the top of the image . Stunning strike : The Scottish midfielder picked up the ball up deep into his own half and belted it with his reliable left foot after noticing Chelsea goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois well off his line . The shot , travelling at 45.1 mph , was hit such power that the back-pedaling Courtois was unable to deflect the ball away despite getting his fingers to it . As it sailed into the net the goalkeeper came tumbling in after in an embarrassing moment he will want to forget . Which do you think is the best long-range goal in Premier League history ? Which do you think is the best long-range goal in Premier League history ? Now share your opinion . Chelsea had been leading thanks to a penalty from Eden Hazard before Adam produced his moment of genius . The blues went on to win the match - but few will be talking about the result after witnessing a contender for best Premiership goal ever . Speaking after the game , Adam said : ` On a personal note it is a great goal to score . I saw the keeper off his line , had an effort and it has gone in . ` I always have a look at the goalkeeper because these balls move so much . When you have got that much space and time it is good to do something like that . ` It was great to get back into the game , but we lost it and that is three on the bounce and we need to come back against West Ham next week . ' Adam later told the BBC : ` I never knew I had that much power , to beat a quality goalkeeper like that is something special . Once in a lifetime this can happen to you . ' The strike is already being hailed as one of the greatest in the Premier League 's history on social media and has been compared to other legendary long-range strikes from David Beckham and Xabi Alonso . Beckham famously scored from his own half against Wimbledon in 1996 - a goal that catapulted him into the limelight . Spanish midfielder Xabi Alonso , renowned for his long-range efforts , scored from 70 yards in 2006 while playing for Liverpool against Newcastle . Another of the Premier League 's great long-range efforts came from a Stoke player when goalkeeper Asmir Begovic score from 91 yards in 2013 . The strike has now been registered as the ` longest goal scored in football ' in the latest edition of the famous book of records . It came just 12 seconds after kick-off - catching the wind and bouncing over opposite number Artur Boruc into the net . Floundering : The shot was hit such power that the back-pedalling Courtois was unable to deflect the ball away despite getting his fingers to it . 66-yarder : The goal is already being hailed as one of the best ever on social media and has been compared to other legendary long-range strikes from David Beckham and Xabi Alonso . Finished in a heap : As it sailed into the net the goalkeeper came tumbling in after in an embarrassing moment he will want to forget . Charlie Adam 's stunning 66-yard belter has caused a stir on social media and will no doubt be remembered as one of the finest Premier League goals ever . Here are some of the legendary long-range strikes the goal is being compared to : . David Beckham , Man Utd v Wimbledon 1996 . Beckham truly announced himself on the scene when he scored from just inside his own half against Wimbledon in 1996 . After taking a pass from Brian McClair , Beckham hit it from the halfway line to leave keeper Neil Sullivan stranded . David Beckham scored from behind the half-way line in a Premier League match against Wimbledon in 1996 . Xabi Alonso , Liverpool v Newcastle 2006 . The Spanish maestro struck from deep inside his own half , producing a moment of brilliance with a 70-yard shot that left the slipping Steve Harper groping air . Former Liverpool midfielder Xabi Alonso takes aim from 70 yards out against Newcastle in 2006 . Asmir Begovic , Stoke v Southampton 2013 . Begovic scored in bizarre fashion at the Britannia Stadium in 2013 when a long kick forward - just 12 seconds after kick-off - caught the wind and then bounced over opposite number Artur Boruc into the net . Goalkeeper scores : Begovic scored in bizarre fashion at the Britannia Stadium in 2013 . It came just 12 seconds after kick-off - catching the wind and bouncing over opposite number Artur Boruc into the net .