Channel Ten show The Project has apologised after mistakenly using footage of the wrong African-American comic when promoting upcoming guest on the show , Saturday Night Live star Michael Che . ` Tomorrow , we 'll chat to the star of the Daily Show and Saturday Night Live , Michael Che , ' the promo promised -- although , in a cringeworthy gaffe , two of the three clips shown were of Che 's castmate , Jay Pharoah . Che and Pharoah are both in Australia to perform a string of shows at Melbourne 's International Comedy Festival . Waleed Aly apologised for the embarrassing mistake , admitting ` we stuffed up ' later on during the program after the mistake was flagged by gobsmacked Twitter users . Scroll down for video . The Project were promoting their upcoming interview with US comedian Michael Che -LRB- left -RRB- when they accidentally used two clips of another comic Jay Pharoah -LRB- right -RRB- . Presenter Waleed Aly apologised for the embarrassing blunder after viewers pointed it out on Twitter . Us comic Jay Pharoah caught wind of his unexpected feature on the Channel Ten program , retweeting a video from a fan to more than 144,000 followers . Aly admitted to the mistake to the audience , pointing out that the footage they 'd used earlier was of two different people . ` We stuffed that up , viewer Prue Knox was quick and tweeted us within minutes , so thank you Prue , ' Aly said . ` Yes , so that happened , ' he continued , clearly embarrassed . ` That 's certaintly something to talk to Michael about tomorrow , ' Georgie Coghlan laughed . ` Maybe we can just get him to sit in this seat and see if anyone notices , ' Aly said pointedly . Pharoah saw the funny side of the incident and shared viewers ' tweets about the blunder on his own account . ` The Project just played a a few clips for upcoming guest Michael Che and 2 of the clips were of Jay Pharoah #AWKWARD , ' tweeted Prue Knox . ` Hey The Project , you do know that Michael Che and Jay Pharoah are two different people yeah ? #ouch , ' Susan Bong tweeted , accompanied with a video of the gaffe . Presenter Waleed Aly apologised for the mix-up , which was ironic as he was the subject of a strikingly similar mix-up earlier this year . The Age incorrectly printed a photo of ` Legally Brown ' comedy star Nazeem Hussain , who 's of Sri Lankan decent , in its entertainment column with the caption : ` Waleed Aly joins The Project ' Ironically Waleed Aly , the presenter who apologised for the error , was the subject of a strikingly similar mix-up earlier this year . The Age incorrectly printed a photo of ` Legally Brown ' comedy star Nazeem Hussain in its entertainment column in January with the caption : ` Waleed Aly joins The Project ' . The awkward mistake was spotted by Hussain , a stand-up comedian of Sri Lankan descent , who lightheartedly tweeted on Thursday morning : ` Well , we are kinda the same person ... ' The error sparked a widespread response , with social media users posting comments such as : ` Oh , so brown people all look alike ? ' , ` Un-freaking-believable ' and ` demonstrates why tv needs more non-white face ' . Waleed Aly apologised for the embarrassing ` stuff up ' later on during the program after the mistake was flagged by gobsmacked Twitter users . Waleed Aly apologised for the embarrassing ` stuff up ' later on during the program after the mistake was flagged by gobsmacked Twitter users . To add insult to injury , Aly contributed to the paper fortnightly at the time of the mix-up . Waleed Aly apologised for the embarrassing ` stuff up ' later on during the program after the mistake was flagged by gobsmacked Twitter users . ` Um The Project feat . Waleed Aly just Waleed Aly-d Michael Che and Jay Pharoah - AKA confused one brown man for another , ' tweeted Brodie Lancaster . Comedian Nazeem Hussain -LRB- left -RRB- and reporter Waleed Aly -LRB- right -RRB- were mistaken for each other by The Age .