The nation has yet to hear the first words of Prince George . But thanks to new puppet show Newzoids , we can at least get a version of them . In true satirical style , the 20-month-old has been cast as a blinged-up rascal with a tattoo on his arm . Teasers for the ITV programme -- which starts tonight at 9 pm -- show the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge worrying that their son has turned out a little , well , common . Scroll down for video . ` Rascal ' : A new satire puppet show sees Prince George ` blinged-up ' with a tattoo , addressing a female doctor with ` Oi , oi ! Hello treacle ' A doctor is called to assess his condition and the young prince bounces on screen with a big , gold ` G ' pendant around his neck . The youngster says to the waiting female doctor ` Oi , oi ! Hello treacle . Is that a ladder in your tights or a stairway to heaven ? ' before proceeding to smack her on the bottom . The plotline plays off newspaper headlines which dubbed his mother Kate the Commoner . Debra Stephenson , one of the show 's impressionists , admitted that mocking the royal family is a daunting task . ` It feels extremely mischievous doing all those voices but it is done for fun . I do n't know how it would be received . It 's a very daunting thought , ' she told the Daily Mail . Teasers for ITVs new puppet show sees the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge worrying that their son has turned out a little ` common ' ` Daunting task ' : Newzoids starts Wednesday at 9 pm and kicks off by making fun of the Royal Family . Big brother : Prince George could be days away of becoming an older brother as the Duchess is due to give birth to her second child ` mid - to late April ' ` You try and pass it off and think `` Oh , they wo n't possibly watch it '' but there is always the worry that someone will be shown a clip on YouTube or something . ' Of the Prince George skit , she said : ` I like it because it is so surreal . The papers have dubbed Kate ` Kate the Commoner ' but she is clearly not common in any way . ` But the idea is quite funny , the idea she could have this throwback gene to something like this . ' Another of the show 's impressionists , Jon Culshaw , best known for Dead Ringers , added : ` It was an idea that chimed with the writers to have Prince George as a bit of a rascal who runs around saying `` Oi , oi ! '' . It 's an absurd and funny extreme . ' Prince George and his parents will be joined on screen by the Queen , Prince Harry and the Duke and Duchess of Cornwall in a series of sketches titled Mrs Crown 's Boys . Other famous faces on the Newzoids roll call are Ant and Dec , Wayne Rooney , Beyonce , Harry Styles , David Cameron , Ed Miliband , Nick Clegg , Barack Obama , Russell Brand and Simon Cowell .