Daniel Sturridge 's status as Liverpool 's No 1 striker is under threat after Brendan Rodgers revealed his intention to sign a top forward who can `` play every week '' . The England international will be absent once again on Saturday at The Hawthorns , as he continues to be plagued by a hip problem and Rodgers admitted he is `` unsure '' as to whether Sturridge will play for Liverpool again this season . It has been a nightmare year for Liverpool in terms of goals . They had 88 after 32 matches last season but now , at the same stage , their total is 47 and not one of their players feature in the top 25 leading scorers in the Barclays Premier League . Liverpool striker Daniel Sturridge is in danger of falling down the pecking order due to his poor injury record . Sturridge -LRB- left , pictured with Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard -RRB- has played just 12 league games this season . England international Sturridge has been hampered by injuries during the course of the campaign . Sturridge has also endured a nightmare campaign . He missed five months due to calf and thigh issues and has struggled for consistency in the games he has managed to play . His length of time out has been extreme but history shows absences are not uncommon in his career . If Liverpool are to get back to where Rodgers wants them to be , they need goals . Divock Origi will arrive this summer , while they are trying to sign Danny Ings from Burnley and have registered a firm interest in PSV Eindhoven 's Memphis Depay . But they are not going to be the peak of Liverpool 's ambitions and Rodgers is searching for a proven attacker who will be able to call on consistently . When asked how many strikers he wanted to sign , Rodgers said : ` I 'm not sure but I need one that is going to be playing at a top level every week . It can make a huge difference . If you look at teams who are successful they have that -- a consistent striker . ` What that gives the rest of team is crucial . You saw it here with Suarez , the impact that kind of striker can have . But it is something that is not easy to find . We have to find a way to attract them here . We will fight hard to do in the summer . We are on course to be 60 goals down on last year . ' Sturridge picked up this latest injury on March 22 against Manchester United . England manager Roy Hodgson described it as `` a small tear '' after he was ruled out of games against Lithuania and Italy and it was a source of frustration to Liverpool that he missed last Sunday 's FA Cup semi-final . Liverpool boss Rodgers is keen on signing Burnley striker Danny Ings -LRB- left -RRB- and PSV 's Memphis Depay -LRB- right -RRB- . Belgium striker Divock Origi , pictured during his loan spell at Lille , will return to Liverpool in the summer . Rodgers was asked if he felt the stage had been reached where he no longer considers Sturridge to be his first choice striker and he said : ` Listen , that 's entirely for you to write . He 's not fit and once he can show that consistency and fitness , you can see in his performance level that it 's a high one . ` But he has missed lot of the season , so we need to assess it . Either way if he ' s not available , we need to have that support . There always is that risk with those type of players , with their speed and body type , but we have to hope with Daniel this year was just an unlucky season . ` We hope he can come back super-fit and super-strong because he has an immense talent . You ca n't argue with that -- he can be as good as any striker in the world with his talent . '