Whatever you call them , it 's always something of a surprise when a game between the biggest and best teams in any country actually turns out to be a footballing classic . Real Madrid and Barcelona attract viewers , but the cynicism on the pitch can drown out the quality in El Clasico . Borussia Dortmund are not consistently good enough to make Der Klassiker a regular spectacle . English football 's closest equivalent , Liverpool taking on Manchester United , is now merely a battle for the top four . But , on Easter Sunday , Marseille and Paris St Germain played out a game that not only had a huge bearing on the Ligue 1 title race , but also easily lived up to it 's billing as Le Classique . Paris St Germain players celebrate their win in the dressing room after the game , after twice coming from behind to beat rivals Marseille . Andre-Pierre Gignac gets up above Marquinhos to power home the opening goal for Marseille after half an hour . Blaise Matuidi is congratulated by his team-mates after bringing PSG level with a superb curling effort from the edge of the box . Gignac fires home his second goal past Salvatore Sirigu after a mistake from Marco Veratti gave him a clear run on goal , to make it 2-1 . Marquinhos jumps for joy after slamming the ball into the roof of the net to make it 2-2 after Zlatan Ibrahimovic 's mis-hit free kick . Ibrahimovic put pressure on Jeremy Morel to force an own goal just two minutes later , as PSG went ahead for the first time in the game . Marseille : Mandanda , Romao , Fanni , Morel , Lemina , Dja Djédjé , Mendy , Payet , Thauvin -LRB- Ocampos 63 mins -RRB- , Gignac -LRB- Batshuayi 71 -RRB- , Ayew -LRB- Alessandrini 72 -RRB- . Subs not used : Aloe , N'Koulou , Samba , Tuiloma . Goals : Gignac 30 , 43 . Booked : Romao , Fanni , Ayew , Gignac . PSG : Sirigu , Marquinhos , Thiago Silva , David Luiz -LRB- Van der Wiel 34 -RRB- , Maxwell , Verratti , Motta , Matuidi , Pastore -LRB- Rabiot 82 -RRB- , Ibrahimovic , Cavani -LRB- Lavezzi 59 -RRB- , . Subs not used : Douchez , Cabaye , Bahebeck , Digne . Goals : Matuidi 35 Marquinhos 49 , Morel OG 51 . Booked : Veratti , Pastore . In the end it was PSG who ran out winners , but they twice had to come from behind to see off their fierce rivals in a game that had passion , quality , and goals aplenty . The game was decided by a 130-second burst soon after the half-time break , in which the visitors came from 2-1 down to go 3-2 ahead , with Zlatan Ibrahimovic , predictably , involved in both goals , though not perhaps , in the way that would be expected . First the Swedish star slipped as he struck a free kick at goal , only to see his nothing effort land at the feet of Brazilian defender Marquinhos , who slammed the ball into the roof of the net from close range . Just two minutes later Ibrahimovic might have been on hand to tap home Javier Pastore 's low cross , but in the end his presence was enough to force defender Jeremy Morel to divert it past his own goalkeeper . It felt harsh on Marseille , who were the better side for large periods , but they were let down by defensive frailties and an inability to really punhish the PSG backline . Despite the hosts dominance of possession , the champions could easily have won this by three or four goals , such were their chances . Ibrahimovic had several excellent opportunities , the last of which saw Steve Mandanda pull off a remarkable save , while Pastore should have scored at least once , and Mandanda also did well to deny Matuidi late on . All of that without considering the chances the visitors missed before falling behind in the first half , with Ibrahimovic denied a penalty following a clumsy tackle by Morel , Pastore firing wide when clean through , and the woefully out of form Edinson Cavani scuffing a volley straight at the keeper after being picked out by a beautiful chipped pass . Zlatan Ibrahimovic -LRB- left -RRB- challenges for the ball against Jeremy Morel in the crucial top of the table clash in Ligue 1 on Easter Sunday . Dimitri Payet gets a shot away under pressure from Marco Veratti of PSG in the Stade Veledrome as Marseille looked to take home advantage . On the other hand it is difficult to remember Salvatore Sirigu making too many meaningful saves in the second half , although he did acrobatically tip a Gignac header over the bar shortly before the break to deny the striker a hat-trick . With Lyon having briefly gone top of the table by beating Guingamp earlier in the weekend , it was a game both sides really needed to win to keep up their title challenges . The result puts Laurent Blanc 's men top of Ligue 1 again , and is a serious dent to Marseille 's hopes . It all looked so different at half time , when an Andre-Pierre Gignac double had his side 2-1 up . The local-born hero first rose above Marquinhos at the back post to head past Sirigu on the half-hour , before slotting past the Italian shortly before half time to restore the lead . Both goals had an element of fortune , with Gignac climbing all over his defender to convert Dimitri Payet 's cross , and Marco Veratti gifting him possession through on goal for the second , but nonetheless he took both well . In between was the pick of the goals , a stunner from Blaise Matuidi , who cut inside beautifully , before curling in from the edge of the box , via the fingertips of Mandanda and the inside of the post . PSG 's win was marred only by an injury to David Luiz , withdrawn in the first half with what looked like a hamstring pull . But a win over their fierce rivals , and the return to the table 's summit , will soften that blow . David Luiz is brought down , and the Brazilian defender was forced off soon after with a hamstring injury which looked serious . Marseille took the lead twice in the first half , but on both occasions they were unable to stay ahead for too long . Gignac celebrates his second goal , and the Marseille striker was only denied his hat-trick by an acrobatic save from Sirigu . Ibrahimovic looks on unimpressed during a difficult first half for the French champions , but his side kept responding to going behind . Marquihos wheels away after scoring his goal , which made the score 2-2 early in the second half , and changed the momentum of the game . The fiery atmosphere bubbled over late on , as Ezequiel Lavezzi was targeted with missiles and laser pointers while trying to take a corner . The home fans produced a passionate atmosphere in the cauldron of the Veledrome as they pursued the French title against their rivals .