So the farewell tour will fizzle out rather than end with a bang . Steven Gerrard hoped his Liverpool career would end at Wembley but now the curtain will fall in Stoke . The dream was for Gerrard to end his 25-year association with Liverpool by lifting the FA Cup on his 35th birthday before starting his new adventure with LA Galaxy yet now the prospect is nothing like so glamorous . Losing to Aston Villa in Sunday 's semi-final will take time to get over . ` We did n't play , we looked very nervous , ' said Gerrard on talkSPORT . ` We 're a team built on passing and playing it quickly but we were very disappointing in that aspect . They -LRB- Villa -RRB- were much better . ' Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard looks to the sky in frustration during Liverpool 's FA Cup defeat by Aston Villa . Gerrard was the denied the opportunity of ending his Liverpool career in this season 's FA Cup final at Wembley . Sunday April 25 : West Bromwich Albion -LRB- A -RRB- . Tuesday April 28 : Hull City -LRB- A -RRB- . Saturday May 2 : Queens Park Rangers -LRB- H -RRB- . Sunday May 10 : Chelsea -LRB- A -RRB- . Saturday May 16 : Crystal Palace -LRB- H -RRB- . Sunday May 24 : Stoke City -LRB- A -RRB- . Liverpool 's next two games are away at West Brom -LRB- on Saturday -RRB- and Hull -LRB- next Tuesday -RRB- before returning to Anfield to play Queens Park Rangers . With the injured Lucas Leiva facing two weeks out , it is inconceivable to think Gerrard will not start . On May 10 comes a trip to Stamford Bridge where it is possible that Liverpool will have to form a guard of honour to welcome Chelsea , the champions-in-waiting . Aston Villa midfielder Fabian Delph scored the winning goal to crush Gerrard 's FA Cup final dream . Gerrard 's final game at Anfield as a Liverpool player will come in the league against Crystal Palace on May 16 . Gerrard 's final game at Anfield is scheduled for May 16 against Crystal Palace . Then , after more than 700 games and countless golden moments , the end for Gerrard and Liverpool will come at Stoke 's Britannia Stadium on Sunday , May 24 . Gerrard is likely to begin his new career in mid-July once the MLS transfer window opens -- possibly when LA Galaxy meet San Jose Earthquakes on July 17 , the same day Liverpool play their first pre-season friendly in Brisbane . April 27 , 2014 : With Liverpool seemingly set for the Premier League title , Gerrard slips to gift Chelsea a goal in a 2-0 defeat at Anfield to put the initiative back into the hands of eventual champions Manchester City . May 5 , 2014 : Liverpool squander a 3-0 lead against Crystal Palace to see their title hopes suffer a further blow that they would not recover from . June 19 , 2014 : Having lost their opening game against Italy , England are level with Uruguay until captain Gerrard gives the ball away to allow Luis Suarez to score a winner . England left the tournament without win . November 4 , 2014 : Gerrard is left out of the team that loses 1-0 at the Santiago Bernabeu against Real Madrid in the Champions League . December 9 , 2014 : The captain scores but Liverpool are knocked out of the Champions League after a 1-1 draw with Basle leaves them on just five points in Group B. January 27 , 2015 : Liverpool are knocked out of the Capital One Cup at the semi-final stage after losing 1-0 to Chelsea in extra time at Stamford Bridge , with Gerrard unable to inspire a victory . February 26 , 2015 : Gerrard misses Europa League tie with Besiktas through injury and they crash out on penalties in Istanbul . March 22 , 2015 : Any hopes of qualifying for next season 's Champions League for Liverpool take a huge blow in a 2-0 defeat by Manchester United at Anfield . Gerrard is left out of the starting XI and comes on as a second half substitute but is sent off just 38 seconds after coming on . April 19 , 2015 : Liverpool lose their FA Cup semi-final against Aston Villa to end all hopes of a trophy in Gerrard 's final season . May 10 , 2015 : Gerrard travels with Liverpool to face Chelsea , who could have already wrapped up the title , and faces being ridiculed by the Stamford Bridge crowd . : Sto . May 24 , 2015 : Seventeen years playing in the Premier League end with a trip to face Stoke City at the Britannia Stadium in a game that will likely be of little importance to either side .