In a retweet on Thursday , a staffer to real estate magnate Donald Trump managed to capture the coarsest background conversations Americans are having about former secretary of state Hillary Clinton 's personal baggage . He may now be looking for a new job . ` If Hillary Clinton ca n't satisfy her husband , ' a Texas-cowgirl college student tweeted , ` what makes her think she can satisfy America ? ' When someone retweeted the quip two hours later and included Trump 's Twitter handle in the message , one of the billionaire 's staffers retweeted it for him -- to his audience of 2.8 million people . SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . THE INTERNET IS FOREVER : A social media staffer to Donald Trump retweeted an off-color jab at Hillary Clinton on Thursday before the boss deleted it . Trump , a multibillionaire who 's considering a presidential run , will be in New Hampshire on Saturday -- where the episode will likely come up . SATISFIED ? Bill Clinton -LRB- left -RRB- was a famous lothario during his presidency , even carrying on one affair with a White House intern . Time elapsed : Less than three hours . His office confirmed on Friday that it was a Trump employee , not a fat-fingered CEO , who was responsible . ` Mr. Trump was not responsible for this tweet , ' a spokesperson told Daily Mail Online . ` It was retweeted by one of ten staff members that periodically help execute on Mr. Trump 's various social media platforms . ' ` As soon as Mr. Trump saw the tweet he deleted it , ' the spokesperson added . Hillary Clinton 's once-strained relationship with her philandering husband is n't likely to be the stuff of TV ads in the 2016 presidential race , but the tweet suggests an undercurrent of crude jokes are being made at her expense . Sawyer Burmeister , a Texas equestrian champion , originated the line about Hillary Clinton 's alleged inability to ` satisfy ' her randy husband Bill . Bill Clinton , the 42nd U.S. president , had an affair with a White House intern named Monica Lewinsky . He also famously caroused with other women who were not his wife , going back to his days as the governor of Arkansas . A recent book about the staff who run the White House residence recounted a butler 's story about hearing HIllary throw an object at him during the height of the Lewinsky saga . Taylor Burmeister , who wrote the tweet about Hillary failing to satisfy Bill , deleted it just before noon on Friday , along with a second message . ` Sry to those offended by me merely making a political joke , ' she had tweeted in a follow-up . ` Get some rest , there are more important things in the world to be worried about . ' She assured Daily Mail Online in an email that no one fro , the Trump camp had asked her to delete the tweets . ` I deleted them by choice because of the negative backlash I was receiving , ' she said . ` I did n't even know Donald Trump had retweeted it until about an hour ago . ' Burmeister confirmed to Daily Mail Online that she had deleted her tweets because of a nasty backlash . She originally offered an apology to people who were offended , but it apparently was n't enough for some . Burmeister is no stranger to media attention . A world champion equestrian , she also had a bit part last year in an episode of the reboot of the ` Dallas ' TV drama . And she 's a pre-law student studying criminal justice at Tarleton State University in Texas , according to her social media profiles . Trump 's retweet might have disappeared if a snarky Twitter user had n't made a screen capture on his phone . ` Hey @RealDonaldTrump -- In case you 're looking for that tweet you deleted , ' he wrote , ` I got it right here . ' Hillary Clinton 's campaign did not respond to requests for comment .