Sally Cox , 39 , stopped her son Jed Pearce , 10 -LRB- pictured together above -RRB- , from going on the mosque trip , expressing fears of ` violence and guns ' Children as young as eight have been banned by their parents from attending a British mosque as part of a school trip over ` safety ' fears , with one mother claiming she ` does n't want to put her son at risk of being shot ' . Nearly 100 primary pupils from Lostwithiel School in Cornwall were due to travel 68 miles to visit the mosque in Exeter , Devon , as part of an RE trip to learn about different faiths . The schoolchildren , from years three to six , were due to visit the city 's cathedral before taking a tour of the mosque and observing a congregational prayer . However , about 10 pupils have now pulled out of next week 's school trip after their parents said they would be exposed to ` violence and guns ' and expressed ` grave concerns ' about the teaching of Islam . Christine Trevethen , 47 , a housewife from Lostwithiel , Cornwall , has stopped her 10-year-old daughter Keira going on the visit . She said : ` We are not the only ones that do n't want our kids to go - but a lot of the others have n't been honest enough to do so in the consent form . ` I do not want my daughter going to the mosque for personal reasons . I do n't agree with the religion and what it stands for - but I am not prepared to go into the reasons why . ` We have now been told our children are going to be excluded from RE lessons as a result , which is a big concern . ` We tried to go through the right channels but the school handled it very badly . ' Sally Cox , 39 , a self-employed cleaner from Lerryn , Cornwall , has also blocked her son Jed Pearce , 10 , from going on the visit . She said : ` I did not want him to go because they are a violent religion and many of them have guns . ` You can see what they are like every day on the news . There was a Muslim bomber in Exeter just a few years ago . ` We were just being honest saying we did not want them to go . ` It is unsafe . I do n't want my son being shot . Also this is not a religious school yet they are willing to take a whole day out for religion . ` I do n't want them to do that . I want him to be in school learning Maths and English - not being put at risk of being shot . ` They decided to take him out of RE , but I said I am fine with that . ' Nearly 100 primary pupils from Lostwithiel School in Cornwall were due to travel 68 miles to visit the mosque in Exeter , Devon -LRB- pictured -RRB- as part of an RE trip but 10 pulled out after parents expressed ` grave concerns ' Another parent , who did not want to be named , said : ` We have grave concerns about the children 's safety during the trip due to the horrific events that occur every day . ` We have therefore decided not to send our children on this trip . This decision is not one based on ignorance or racial or religious beliefs , but one based purely on safety concerns . ' The parent said she was furious after the pupils who pulled out of the trip were singled out in a school assembly . She said : ` They were made to stand up after assembly . The sitting non-attendees were then asked individually why they were not going on the trip . ` This is not a decision the children have made , so discriminating against these children in this fashion is disgraceful , unacceptable and unprofessional . ' However , not all parents are opposed to the trip , with some backing the school and suggesting the visit is a positive move . Alice Mitchell , 35 , a playworker from Lostwithiel , said : ` I think we need to educate our children to be tolerant and dispel the rumours the media can congregate . ` I am all for my children going on the trip . I think celebrating diversity is a great thing . ` It is all down to fear . People are scared of other religions . There is a lot of misconceptions . ' And Sian Cornish , 41 , a self-employed retailer , from Lostwithiel , added : ' ` I did not even realise it was an issue . I was delighted my child had the opportunity to experience another culture in their ways of worship . ` I think it is important to celebrate other cultures - even if you do n't agree with them . ' Carolyn Huxley , headteacher of Lostwithiel School -LRB- pictured -RRB- , which has just 156 pupils on its books , said the trip would still take place on May 7 to ` show children the views of extremists are not a true reflection of Islam ' Kat Smith , the chairman of governors for the school , said a group of parents had expressed concerns about the trip due to recent terror attacks by groups such as ISIS . She said : ` This is the first time pupils from the school have visited a mosque and it 's an exciting opportunity for them to learn about different faiths and ensure that they 're aware of the diverse nature of modern Britain . ` Because of recent news reports about extremist groups , such as ISIS , that identify themselves with Islam , a small number of parents have expressed concerns about the trip and the teaching of Islam in school . ` In response , the school held a special assembly with children to discuss these issues , and the head teacher has met and sent letters to parents with specific concerns . ` A full risk assessment has been conducted for the trip and there is no more risk attached to this trip than any other school trip . ' Ms Smith said the school had a duty under the Equality Act 2010 to promote good relations between people of different beliefs and ethnicities . She said : ` Religious Education forms part of the basic curriculum in schools and its teaching is enshrined in law . Kat Smith , the chairman of governors for the Lostwithiel School , said parents expressed concerns about the teaching of Islam at the school . ` The school recognises that parents have the right to withdraw their child from RE in whole or in part , and provide alternative work to further their child 's knowledge and understanding of the parents ' beliefs and values . ` However , the school is aware that children growing up in Cornwall may have little contact with Muslims and it is aware that it has a duty under the Equality Act 2010 to promote good relations between people of different beliefs and ethnicities as part of its single equality duty . ` The Governing Body fully supports this trip and the teaching of RE , including Islam . ` It is the governors ' hope that the visit to the mosque will provide an insight for pupils into the nature of British Islam , help them understand how Islam is presented in the media and that groups like ISIS are not a true reflection of the Islam followed by the vast majority of Muslims in Britain . ' Carolyn Huxley , headteacher of the primary school which has just 156 pupils on its books and teaches those aged four to 11 , said the trip would still be taking place on May 7 . She said : ` Our hope from the visit to the mosque is that children will be given a view as to what are the values and beliefs of a British Muslim . ` This trip will show the children the views of extremists are not a true reflection of Islam as a religion . ' Exeter Mosque , described as the ` Islamic Centre of the South West ' , is open daily for prayers and also welcomes those wishing to learn about the Quran and basics of the Deen . The Mosque also welcomes groups as part of education programmes and regularly hosts school trips . Lostwithiel School , which has around six teachers , said the trip was planned to enable children to learn further about different religions . The school said it follows the Cornwall Agreed Syllabus for Religious Education and part of the curriculum encourages children to study Christianity in great detail , as well as finding out about Hinduism , Sikhism , Judaism and Islam through school trips , visits from outside speakers and class teaching . The Muslim Council of Great Britain said it was concerned by the views of some of the parents who strongly opposed the trip . A spokesman said : ` We would have thought a well-rounded education involves learning about those of a different faith . ` These laudable initiatives take place across the country . It is therefore disappointing to hear that some parents have chosen to pull their children out of a visit to a mosque due to events elsewhere in the world . ` We hope this incident is atypical and not reflective of a growing sentiment against Muslims in this country . ` We commend the headteacher for rightly stating that such a visit will help her pupils to understand real Islam and dispel the myths and hysteria that surrounds our religion . ' MailOnline has contacted Exeter Mosque for comment .