The legal wife of Lyle Jeffs - brother of Warren Jeffs and current leader of the polygamous Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints - has officially filed for divorce from her husband in Utah , citing rape and illegal practices within the Mormon sect . Charlene Wall Jeffs , 58 , had 10 children with her husband and the two have been married for 31 years , but she claims the church has ` become even more disturbing than it was under Warren ' . Lyle Jeffs has multiple wives within the sect - nine , according to reports - but Mrs Jeffs is legally married to him and has been since 1983 . She claims to have been excommunicated in September 2014 , and is now fighting to have her two youngest children , who still live with Mr Jeffs , returned to her . Scroll down for video . Leader : Lyle Jeffs stepped up to head the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints when brother , Warren Jeffs , was sentenced to prison in 2007 . His wife Charlene Jeffs has now filed for divorce . Lyle Jeffs is seen here leaving the federal courthouse in Salt Lake City in January 2015 with his other brother , Nephi Jeffs . The brothers of polygamous sect leader Warren Jeffs refused to answer questions about suspected child labor violations on a Utah pecan farm . ` Disturbing ' : Lyle Jess ' legal wife , Charlene Jeffs , says the church has become worse under his control . ` Under Lyle 's reign as substitute Prophet , the FLDS Church as become even more disturbing than it was under Warren , ' Mrs Jeffs says in a petition filed earlier this month and was obtained by The Salt Lake Tribune . ` Of Lyle 's multiple wives , I was never the favorite because I have a mind of my own . ` Lyle sent me away from the family to repent for the first time in November 2002 because `` I did not know how to properly treat the Priesthood in my life '' . ' FLDS leaders are referred to as ` the Priesthood ' . Mrs Jeffs said she was only allowed to cook and clean during her expulsion and was not allowed to see her children . ` In the FLDS Church , children belong to the Priesthood and can be transferred to different mothers or different parents all together upon an order from the Priesthood , ' she said in the petition . Mrs Jeffs was ` repenting ' for two years , but when she was allowed to return to her husband 's compound in Hilldale , her children were not returned to her . The children were split up among Jeff 's ` spiritual wives ' . Previous reports claimed that Charlene Jeffs was the first of nine wives . Mrs Jeffs said she was ordered to leave the compound on September 27 last year for being ` unrighteous ' . She is now trying to get the two children - a 17-year-old boy and 14-year-old girl - to come and live with her . Compound : While the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints has compounds all over the country , it is based in Utah , and the Jeffs live at a compound in Hilldale -LRB- picture -RRB- . Mrs Jeffs says she was forced to leave Hillale last year for being ` unrighteous ' In the petition she says she is scared for her well-being and her children , who could be ` The Jeffs family is the FLDS equivalent of the British Royal Family and they have their own FLDS `` secret service '' to protect them from the outside world , '' Mrs Jeffs wrote in her petition . She added that Mr Jeffs is n't aware she has no plans to return to the FLDS , and is scared of what he will do with the children when he finds out she speaking out against the church . ` If Lyle had any idea that I have gone `` apostate '' , he would make my children , ' she said in the petition . However the most startling of the allegations in the documents spoke of rape , which Mrs Jeffs claims is common practice . She said a doctrine was enforced in recent years that said women had to be impregnated not by their husbands , but a ` seed bearer ' - a group of men selected by the church . The husbands were to hold their wives hands as the seed bearers had sex with the women . ` In layman terms , the husband is required to sit in the room while the chosen seed bearer , or a couple of them , rape his wife or wives , ' Mrs Jeffs said in the petition , according to The Tribune . Another practice , known as the ` Law of Sara ' , has FLDS women perform sex acts on each otther in preparation for a sexual encounter with a member of the Priesthood . Mrs Jeffs said she is worried her daughter will be subjected to such a practice . Polygamist : FDLS leader Warren Jeffs was sentenced to life in prison for child sex abuse . He is pictured here during his trial in 2007 . Warren Jeffs , 59 , was convicted in Utah in 2007 of two counts of first-degree felony rape for his role in the 2001 wedding of a 14-year-old girl to her 19-year-old cousin . The convictions were reversed on the basis of erroneous jury instructions . Separately , Jeffs received a life sentence plus 20 years in Texas for sexually assaulting two girls he claimed were his ` spiritual wives ' . He is said to still head the polygamous sect from prison . However the leaders in practice are believed to be Lyle Jeffs and some other bishops , even though the church have never announced the appointments .