A German former police officer who dismembered a willing victim he met on a website for cannibal fetishists was today sentenced to eight years and six months in prison . Detlef Guenzel chopped Polish-born Wojciech Stempniewicz into small pieces while listening to pop music before burying them in the garden of his home in Hartmannsdorf-Reichenau in 2013 . ` He was found guilty of murder and disturbing the peace of the dead , ' said presiding judge Birgit Wiegand at the regional court in the eastern city of Dresden . State attorneys had sought 10 and a half years in prison for the defendant , a trim , soft-spoken father of three whom neighbours described as friendly , generous and unfailingly polite . Lawyers representing the family of Stempniewicz , 59 , had requested a 15-year sentence , usually the maximum in a murder case . But prosecutors said they stopped short of this demand because Stempniewicz said he wanted to die . Macabre : Former German police officer Detlev Guenzel smirks in court before being sentenced to eight years and six months in jail for killing a willing victim he met on a website for cannibalism fetishists . Deranged : Guenzel , 57 , went on trial in August over the killing of Polish-born business consultant Wojciech Stempniewicz whose body he had cut into small pieces and buried them in his garden . The defendant sat impassively with arms folded as the verdict was read out . The men came across each other in October 2013 on a website for slaughter and cannibalism fantasies billed as the ' # 1 site for exotic meat ' and boasting more than 3,000 registered members . The two kept in contact via email , text message and telephone before finally arranging the fatal date for November 4 that year . Gunezel picked Stempniewicz up at Dresden 's main railway station and drove him back to his house in Hartmannsdorf-Reichenau which he ran as a bed and breakfast with his male partner . Prosecutors said Gunezel then took his victim to the basement where he strangled him using a rope tied to a pulley before chopping the corpse up into small pieces . A video reportedly shows Guenzel in his underwear slicing the naked body of his victim into pieces while it hangs from a hook . The back garden of Guenzel 's home in Hartmannsdorf-Reichenau where the body parts were buried in 2013 . Described as ` absolutely horrific ' and ` beyond belief ' by lawyers , the 50-minute tape features Guenzel dismembering the corpse while pop music plays . At one point he stops to listen for a heartbeat before continuing . However the defence team argue that the video shows Stempniewicz had his feet in constant contact with the ground , meaning he could have stopped the strangulation if he had wanted to . They claimed the video , which was shown to judges behind closed doors , proves the victim hanged himself . Gunezel then spent a total of four hours cutting the body up with a knife and saw , before burying it in shallow holes the garden . Policemen search for evidences in the area where body parts were found in Reichenau near Dresden in 2013 . Officers traced him via computer messages and telephone calls and he was arrested at the police HQ where he worked as a handwriting specialist . When police arrived at the property he showed them where the pieces were buried , but officers say the victim 's penis has never been found . The case mirrors that of Armin Meiwes , a man found guilty of killing , dismembering and eating computer technician Bernd Brandes at his remote farmhouse home near Kassel . Meiwes , now serving life imprisonment , packaged the flesh of his 16-stone victim into neat parcels which he froze and ate portions of over a ten month period . When police finally arrived to arrest him there was less than 40 lbs of Brandes remaining .