Prince Harry 's former girlfriend Chelsy Davy debuted a grown-up and glamorous style as she stepped out in a sophisticated summer outfit for a London restaurant launch on Tuesday . The 29-year-old seemed in high spirits as she was seen laughing and joking with friend , Irene Forte , at the launch party for new London restaurant , The Ivy Chelsea Garden . Zimbabwean Davy wore a white layered chiffon top , as well as flattering navy trousers with zip-detail on the ankles . Scroll down for video . Chelsy Davy -LRB- pictured right -RRB- stepped out in a sophisticated summer outfit for the launch party of London restaurant , The Ivy Chelsea Garden . She paired the outfit with tan woven ankle-strap heels , and carried a croc-print foldover clutch bag in a similar shade . The blonde was clearly making the most of the good weather , as she had her light nude blazer draped over her arm . Davy smiled and posed with various friends as she showcased a healthy glow , and wore her long glossy locks in a relaxed style . The 29-year-old -LRB- pictured right -RRB- laughed as she made her way around the party with friend , Irene Forte . Davy wore a white chiffon top paired with navy trousers , as well has tan wedges and a croc-print clutch bag . Davy has previously been known for her more relaxed , casual style , but it seems she is upping the style stakes and taking a more sophisticated approach to dressing now that she is approaching her thirties . The party was to celebrate the opening of the restaurant , part of renowned West End dining institution , The Ivy . Davy circulated the party with a couple of friends , in particular daughter of hotel tycoon Rocco Forte , Irene . Making the rounds ! Chelsy Davy was spotted posing with another good friend in the restaurant garden . The blonde laughed with her friend as she posed for pictures . Davy and Forte were spotted together recently at Duke of Northumberland 's estate Syon Park over the weekend for the wedding of property magnate Caspar MacDonald-Hall . At the wedding Chelsy , notably , was the gooseberry as she was seen with friend , Irene Forte and Forte 's boyfriend , Jacobi Anstruther-Gough-Calthorpe . Davy is currently single after splitting up with society jeweller Charles Goode in January . The sporty socialite had a relationship with Prince Harry spanning six years until they called it a day in May 2010 . The pair still remain good friends . Davy -LRB- pictured right -RRB- had a six-year relationship with Prince Harry -LRB- pictured left -RRB- before they called time in May 2010 .