Football equality campaigners Kick It Out have warned Hartlepool supporters over a Bob Marley-themed fancy-dress day planned for their League Two trip to Carlisle on the final day of the season . Officials from the anti-racism body say they have acted on complaints from some Hartlepool fans and urged Carlisle to refuse admission to any fans who might decide to ` black up ' for the occasion . Jamaican reggae artist Marley was a multi-million-selling artist , famed for his music and as a Rastafarian for his dreadlocked look , who died of cancer aged 36 in 1981 . Hartlepool United fans have a history of fancy dress , travelling as the Smurfs to Charlton in 2012 . Hartlepool fans are planning to dress up as Bob Marley for the final game of this season at Carlisle . A statement from Kick It Out read : ` We have received a number of complaints from Hartlepool United supporters about the Bob Marley fancy dress theme planned by a group of the club 's fans for their fixture against Carlisle United at Brunton Park on Saturday 2 May . ` The main concerns raised have been over the potential of fans deciding to ` black up ' . ` We have subsequently followed up on the complaints by contacting both Hartlepool United and Carlisle United on the matter . ` We clearly outlined that ` blacking up ' has historically been a way of acting out racist stereotypes , and while the theme planned by fans may be well intended and chosen as part of an annual fancy dress tradition , such behaviour , if it occurs , is likely to cause offence . ` We have provided guidance to both clubs on the matter , and advised Carlisle United of our own stance that if any fans do choose to ` black up ' they should be refused entry to their stadium . Kick It Out have urged Carlisle to refuse entry to any fans who decide to black up for the fixture . ` We have also contacted the Football Association , the Football League , and the United Kingdom Football Policing Unit to inform them of the complaints we have received from Hartlepool United supporters . ` If we do receive complaints informing us that supporters have ` blacked up ' at the fixture between Carlisle United and Hartlepool United , or that any incidents or disturbances of a discriminatory nature have occurred , we will follow our usual procedures by making the Football Association and the Football League aware for them to investigate . ' Neither Carlisle nor Hartlepool were immediately available for comment but Carlisle boss Keith Curle told the local News & Star at a press conference this week : ` I 've been to fancy dress parties when white people have dressed up as Bob Marley . I have n't been offended . '