Watch as this brazen thief allegedly steals a donation box ahead of ANZAC Day from an RSL club . CCTV footage has captured a woman cautiously standing by the concierge desk before she quickly grabs the box of ANZAC badges and money while covering it with her vest at the Caulfield RSL in Elsternwick , south-east of Melbourne about 8.00 pm on Wednesday . The woman , who is donning a black-and-white striped top and a black vest , could be seen wandering her eyes around the room but walks away when a man strolls past with his blazer . She takes her reading glasses off and appears to clean them as she casually sits down on a seat before quickly pulling her black vest off . Watch as this brazen thief allegedly steals a donation box ahead of ANZAC Day at an RSL club in Melbourne . The empty room prompted the woman to make her way towards the desk before bringing her vest over the box and then casually walking out the glass entrance door . Caulfield RSL general manager Pete Frost told Daily Mail Australia he felt disgusted and disheartened after witnessing the incident on CCTV footage . ` I 'm absolutely mortified , ' Mr Frost said . ` You would n't think you 'd have to keep a box of badges under lock and key . This person has no respect for the fine country we live in today . ` Our volunteers have given up a lot of time and hard work to raise money for ANZAC Day but to have somebody come in and take that away is a low act . ' The empty room prompted the woman to make her way towards the desk before bringing her vest over the box . She allegedly covers the donation box with her black vest as she casually walks out the entrance door . The RSL general manager has posted the footage on social media in a bid to track down the woman . Mr Frost said he has informed police about the incident . Daily Mail Australia has contacted Victorian police for comment . The footage was posted on Mr Frost 's Facebook account on Friday night and has received more than 14,000 views since . A caption along the video said : ` I 've seen some pretty low acts but this one takes the cake ! ' ` Please share this and help us shame this inconsiderate woman who obviously has no respect for the fine country we live in today , ' Mr Frost posted .