Richard Sherman may have been devastated after he and the Seattle Seahawks fell to the New England Patriots in this year 's Super Bowl , but it did not last for long . On February 5 , just four days after that agonizing defeat , Sherman and girlfriend Ashley Moss welcomed a son , Rayden . And now , Sherman is sharing photos of his baby boy . Scroll down for video . Richard Sherman shared a photo of him and his girlfriend Ashley Moss with their son Rayden on Instagram -LRB- courtesy of estevens -RRB- . Rayden -LRB- above -RRB- was born on February 5 , just a few days after Sherman and the Seattle Seahawks lost the Super Bowl to the New England Patriots . Sherman congratulates Patriots quarterback Tom Brady above -RRB- after the game . In the most recent photo , which he posted to Instagram on Thursday , Sherman and Moss are seen cradling Rayden , with the football star writing ; ` Best part of Life . ' He previously shared a photo that showed him holding Rayden 's hand shortly after his birth and one of the newborn with his feet in the sand on the beach . And while the highly coveted Vince Lombardi Trophy may not have gone to Sherman and the Seahawks this year , he did manage to snag another major accolade for his work during the 2014 season as the cornerback was named the NFC Defensive Player of the Year by the Kansas City Committee of 101 . Sherman and Moss -LRB- above -RRB- in a photo he shared last mont . It was just announced the Seahawks would play the Denver Broncos in their first preseason game . The off-season will not be all fun for Sherman though , as he will also be undergoing surgery to repair a torn ligament in his left elbow . This after he signed a $ 57.4 million contract extension last May that will keep him in a Seahawks uniform for at least three more seasons . The 27-year-old will return to the field in August , as it has been announced that the Seahawks will take on the Denver Broncos in their first preseason game as they begin their quest to make it to the Super Bowl for the third consecutive season .