Dereck Chisora is being lined up for a summer comeback and British heavyweight rival David Price is firmly in his sights . ` Del Boy ' has not boxed since he was stopped by switch-hitting Tyson Fury at London 's ExCeL Arena in November . The fight was a final eliminator for a shot at Wladimir Klitschko 's WBO title and Fury is now the mandatory challenger for that strap . Chisora , meanwhile , has been regrouping and recovering from an eye injury sustained during the 10-round beating . Dereck Chisora is being lined up for a summer comeback against British heavyweight rival David Price . ` Del Boy ' has not boxed since he was stopped by switch-hitting Tyson Fury at London 's ExCeL Arena . Chisora has been regrouping and recovering from an eye injury sustained during the 10-round beating . But his promoter Frank Warren has confirmed that Chisora has been back in the gym for the past month and is hoping to make his return to the ring during the summer . However he will be without his long-term trainer , friend and mentor Don Charles after the pair parted company . It was Charles who nurtured the young fighter through a short amateur career and all of his 25 pro fights to date . Warren said : ` Dereck 's back in the gym and we will be announcing something for him very soon . Hopefully he will make his comeback in the summer . ` In that last fight , Tyson Fury did brilliantly and Dereck had a lot of problems with his eye and he has had to have something done to his eye . His promoter Frank Warren has confirmed that Chisora has been back in the gym for the past month . ` He has had to recuperate , it has had to heal but now that is out of the way . Now we can move on and get himself back in the game . ` He really fancies it , he wants to fight and the one thing about Dereck Chisora is that he is what he is : a fighter . He just loves it . ' Warren has arranged a show at Wembley Arena on May 9 which rivals Billy Joe Saunders and Chris Eubank Jnr will both feature on . It had been suggested that Chisora may make a low-key comeback as part of the undercard but Warren dismissed the idea . Instead the promoter is plotting a route towards an all-English showdown with David Price . Like Chisora , the 2008 Olympic bronze medalist is rebuilding following back-to-back knock-out defeats to Tony Thompson in 2013 . Price teamed up with Sauerland Promotions and boxed three times last year and once in February , winning all four , and Warren thinks he would be a good match for Chisora . Chisora 's promoter Warren is plotting a route towards an all-English showdown with David Price . Price poses with the belts following the British and Commonwealth Heavyweight title fight at Aintree . He added : ` Well we want the David Price fight . That would be a big one , I think it is a great fight and it is one we will explore once we get Dereck firing again . ` Everybody loves a domestic clash and between two big guys it would be something special . ' Olympic golden boy Anthony Joshua has also been linked with Chisora , who , like him , came through the Finchley Amateur Boxing Club . After winning his first 10 fights by knock-out , all inside three rounds , Joshua has emerged as one of the biggest prospects in world boxing . Anthony Joshua has also been linked with Chisora who also came through the Finchley Amateur Boxing Club . Joshua in action against Denis Bakhtov during their WBC International Heavyweight Championship match . But Warren insists he would have no problem putting Chisora in with him . ` Joshua is also a target for Dereck , do n't worry about that , ' he said . ` Joshua is out in Newcastle this weekend and then May 30 so let 's see where he goes . ` We also have to see what they 're going to do with Anthony Joshua but that 's another big domestic fight between two guys from the same area . ` It just shows there are some big fights for Dereck in this division . It 's not like he 's coming back and scratching around for fights , there are a lot of options . '