Four-month-old baby Evan Summerfield , who died from meningitis , just hours after laughing for the very first time . A family have been left devastated after their four-month-old baby died from meningitis just 12 hours after laughing for the very first time . Evan Summerfield from Devon had just learned how to giggle and take his dummy out by himself but just hours later he was fighting for his life . The youngster had woken from a nap with a rash stretching from his head to his belly-button . And when his great-grandmother carried out the ` glass test ' , she saw that it did n't fade under pressure . He was rushed to Derriford Hospital in Plymouth but despite doctors and nurses battling to save him , Evan was diagnosed with meningoccal septicaemia and died soon after . His death has devastated his parents Shannon Summerfield , 17 , and Kris Adams , 19 , who have been left confused as to how he could fall ill so quickly . Evan 's grandmother Sarah Summerfield , 38 , said : ` We 're so confused how fast this horrible , nasty illness just takes hold . ` One moment he was laughing and smiling and then , it seems like in a heartbeat , he was so cruelly taken away . ' Evan was born on November 3 last year and was just four-months-old when he took ill with a high temperature while staying with his great grandparents . His grandmother explained : ` They took him to the doctors and that was the first and last time he laughed . It 's like he left it for us . ` The doctor said he had a virus and gave him Calpol and Nurofen , and said if it gets worse he should come straight back . ` They went home and put him to bed and he was fine , but in the morning he had a rash from the top of his head to his belly button . ` My mum did the glass test and called 999 - she was so quick-thinking - it would be easy to think it was chicken pox . The death of Evan , pictured , has devastated his family , who are unable to comprehend how quickly he fell ill . Doctors at the Derriford Hospital in Plymouth , pictured , battled to save Evan but he later died . ` I just remember him having doctors and nurses all around him . But he was pronounced dead at 10.15 am . ` I 'm 38 and I never thought I would have to sort out a funeral , never mind for my 17-year-old daughter having to organise one for her four-month-old son . Meningitis Research Foundation estimates that there are around 3,400 cases of bacterial meningitis and septicaemia every year in the UK and Ireland . This means that every day nine people become ill with the disease . With one in ten people dying , a death will occur almost every day . A further two people will be left with life-altering after effects as severe as brain damage , deafness and multiple amputations . Symptoms of meningitis and septicaemia : . Source : Meningitis Research Foundation . ` It 's not right . I should have gone first before my grandson . ` He was so loved by everyone around him and everyone who saw him would comment on his gorgeous big , blue eyes . He was such a content baby . ` He had just learnt a new trick of taking his dummy out , and he loved the Simpsons , Iggle Piggle and 64 Zoo Lane - and even used to watch MASH with his great grandad . ` Everyone said what a brilliant mother Shannon was and Kris was a brilliant father . Even if Shannon just left the room for a second when she came back he would say `` muh '' and his big eyes would be beaming . ' Now family friend Charlie McManus has set up a fund-raising page to help pay for Evan 's funeral , and help ease some of the family 's heartbreak . The family wanted to thank everyone for their donations , and have seen more than £ 1,000 given for Evan 's funeral . All extra money will be donated to the Meningitis Research Foundation in the hope it will help stop other families going through the same thing . Mrs Sumemrfield added : ` We 're not looking to give him a king 's funeral , just what he deserves . We 're so grateful to everyone , people have been so kind . ` We also want to warn people to be vigilant - it 's just shocking . There is a vaccine available now which has n't been licensed yet because there are debates over price . ` But how can you put a price on life , it 's sickening . `` We should be protecting younger generations not having pharmaceutical companies holding them to ransom and arguing over price . ' To donate to the family 's fund , visit http://gogetfunding.com/project/baby-evan-s-funeral-fund .