A young special needs girl from Texas got the prom proposal of a lifetime . Sophomore Tiffany Gay thought she was being led outside for a routine fire drill but instead she found her biggest crush , junior Luis Velasquez , holding a bouquet of flowers . Gay 's classmates cheered as she held back tears of joy . Some of them held signs that read , ` Will you go to prom with me ? ' Overjoyed : Tiffany Gay was overcome with emotion this week when her biggest crush Luis Velasquez asked her to be his date to the prom . The reveal : Sophomore Tiffany Gay thought she was being led outside for a routine fire drill but instead she found her biggest crush , junior Luis Velasquez , holding a bouquet of flowers . Heartwarming : Luis Velasquez asked Tiffany Gay to prom in front of the whole school this month . To add to the romance , Bruno Mars ' Just The Way You Are ' played in the background of the magic proposal . ` He met Tiffany back in the seventh grade , ' Velasquez 's mom , Jessica , told ABC News . ` Since then , Tiffany has had the biggest crush on my son . And since the beginning of this school year , Luis said he 's taking Tiffany to prom , ' she added . Gay is a special needs student who struggles with a genetic disorder called Prader-Willi Syndrome -LRB- PWS -RRB- that causes sufferers to have an insatiable appetite . According to the Genetic Disease Foundation , ` PWS typically causes low muscle tone , short stature if not treated with growth hormone , incomplete sexual development , and a chronic feeling of hunger that , coupled with a metabolism that utilizes drastically fewer calories than normal , can lead to excessive eating and life-threatening obesity . ' Jessica Velasquez said that Gay is a wonderful girl and that her son cares about her . Big crush : Tiffany Gay has had a crush on Luis Velasquez ever since she met him and Velasquez promised to himself that he would take her to the prom this year . Leading the way : Velasquez leads Gay to signs asking if she will go to the prom with him this year . The decision : Velasquez hugs Gay asks he pops a very special question and asks her to be his prom date . ` When you meet her , ' Jessica said , ` she has that infectious smile and you 're just like , `` Oh , my God , I want to hug you . '' ' Yahoo reports that Alpha Gomez who works at the Texas High School both students attend said that Luis Velasquez is ` one of the most giving students ' that he says he 's ever met . Velasquez said that asking Jessica to prom was something he always knew he would do . ` He 's a good kid , ' Jessica said . ` Not because he 's my son , but he is really a good kid . He has that nurturing , fathering personality . He 's always had it . ' Video of the proposal has over 3.5 million views since being posted on Tuesday . ` In the evening my brother sent me a text that my video was going viral , ' Jessica recalled . ` I was like , ` What are you talking about ? And then I checked and said , `` Oh , my God . '' ' A Go Fund Me page has been set up to help raise money for Tiffany Gay 's special prom with a $ 1,000 goal . So far over $ 6,000 has been accumulated . She said yes ! : Gay said yes to the proposal and was so happy that she was moved to tears this week .