Stoke City midfielder Charlie Adam left Stamford Bridge with mixed feelings after scoring one of the best goals of the Premier League era in the defeat to Chelsea . The Scotland international picked the ball up inside his own half and stunned Blues goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois with a sensational 66-yard effort . Courtois scrambled back towards goal but was unable to deny the 29-year-old former Liverpool man the goal of his career . Stoke City midfielder Charlie Adam scored the goal of his career during Stoke City 's defeat to Chelsea . Scottish international Adam shot from inside his own half after seeing keeper Thibaut Courtois off his line . Courtois scrambled back as quickly as he could but there was just no stopping Adam 's audacious effort . Courtois attempts to reach for the ball but he fails as the ball sails into the Stamford Bridge net . Courtois is left on the floor after being caught out by Adam 's audacious first-half effort in west London . Adam 's audacious effort was clocked at more than 45 miles per hour and came from inside his own half . Adam admitted : ` The disappointing thing is we lost the game . On a personal note it is a great goal to score . I saw the keeper off his line , had an effort and it has gone in . ` I always have a look at the goalkeeper because these balls move so much . When you have got that much space and time it is good to do something like that . ' Adam later told the BBC : ` I never knew I had that much power , to beat a quality goalkeeper like that is something special . Once in a lifetime this can happen to you . ' Adam is mobbed by his Stoke City team-mates following his sensational goal at Stamford Bridge . Courtois can only look on as the ball sails over his head and into the net at Stamford Bridge . Courtois scrambled and was left on his back after Adam 's spectacular strike sailed into the back of the net . The ball flew beyond Courtois and into the back of the net to level the score just before the break . Courtois falls into his own goal after chasing back but failing to keep out a long range shot from Adam .