Middlesbrough manager Aitor Karanka declared that his players deserve to be in the Premier League after a surprise victory against Norwich moved them top of the Championship . Alex Tettey 's early own goal handed the Carrow Road visitors a slim victory and threw the title race wide open with just two points separating the top four after last night 's match . They could be overtaken on Saturday when Bournemouth , who relinquished first place , play their game in hand against Sheffield Wednesday and Watford , the fourth team with a strong chance , host Birmingham this afternoon . Albert Adomah -LRB- left -RRB- celebrates after Middlesbrough take an early lead against promotion rivals Norwich . Adomah attempts to finish from close range after Norwich midfielder Alexander Tettey 's goalbound header . Norwich : Ruddy , Whittaker , Martin , Bassong , Olsson , Howson , Tettey , Dorrans -LRB- Grabban 62 -RRB- , Johnson -LRB- Hooper 78 -RRB- , Hoolahan -LRB- Redmond 78 -RRB- , Jerome . Subs not used : Ryan Bennett , Rudd , O'Neil , Odjidja-Ofoe . Booked : Olsson , Hoolahan . Middlesbrough : Konstantopoulos , Kalas , Ayala , Gibson , Friend , Clayton , Leadbitter , Adomah , Tomlin -LRB- Amorebieta 90 +2 -RRB- , Bamford -LRB- Garcia 85 -RRB- , Vossen -LRB- Forshaw 60 -RRB- . Subs not used : Ripley , Whitehead , Reach , Nsue . Goal : Tettey 8 -LRB- OG -RRB- . Booked : Clayton , Adomah . Referee : Robert Madley -LRB- West Yorkshire -RRB- . Attendance : 26,993 . But Karanka insisted : ` This last week for us has been amazing . We have won three games in six days , especially against Norwich when everyone thought they would beat us . ` I 'm proud of my players . Once again they showed when they play their best they can beat everyone . I told them after the game if there is a team who deserve to be in Premier League it 's them . ` The last game on May 2 we 'll see which team will get promotion but I think it ' ll go to the last second . ' Tettey 's mistake could prove costly in one of the most exciting end-of-season run-ins after it ended a run of eight games unbeaten for his side . Karanka admitted before the match that if his side lost they would have been cut too far adrift from the front runners , but all remains to play for now . The strong away contingent had settled easily in Norwich 's Riverside entertainment park ahead of kick-off and their team comfortably matched them on the pitch , in unfamiliar surroundings away from their Riverside Stadium , in the opening exchanges . Twenty minutes after the game had started and the home side had barely got out of their own half while Middlesbrough carved out chance after chance . One of those , in the ninth minute , produced the opener . Middlesbrough had lost back-to-back away matches - against promotion rivals Bournemouth and Watford - for the first time this season before the match , so their lead was a surprise . So , too , was the look on Norwich goalkeeper John Ruddy 's face when Adam Clayton sent in a corner from the left and his own midfielder Tettey headed the ball at the near post over him and into the far right of goal . It had been coming . Four minutes in and full-back Tomas Kalas burst on the overlap down the right to cross for Jelle Vossen whose header was deflected wide . Two minutes later Albert Adomah , again on their right flank , feinted a cross and turned back on himself before playing the ball to Patrick Bamford . His flick-on found Vossen again and his half-volley arrowed towards the top right corner but went just over . ` The first 15 minutes cost us the game , ' Norwich manager Alex Neil admitted . ` After that , we did n't do enough to win the game . At this stage of the season it is about making a difference and we did n't do that . ` In terms of effort and endeavour I could n't question them -- they gave everything they had . It looks more likely that we are going to be involved in the play-offs so what we need to do now is dust ourselves off . ' Norwich midfielder Wes Hoolahan -LRB- left -RRB- tries to run past Boro 's Adam Clayton during Friday 's encounter . Lee Tomlin -LRB- left -RRB- battles for the ball with Hoolahan during the Championship clash at Carrow Road . Norwich striker Cameron Jerome -LRB- left -RRB- failed to add to his impressive goal tally during the match for the hosts . Tempers flared in the dying embers of the match as both sets of players got to grips with one another . Middlesbrough continued to dominate but with Norwich 's first chance of the game on 20 minutes they really should have been level . The foray forward saw Bradley Johnson head a ball into the box back across goal and Jonny Howson had a free header six yards out but failed to find the target . It was , however , the catalyst for the home side to get a foothold in the game and their pressure mounted from then on until the final whistle went after seven minutes of stoppage time . A fierce intensity gripped proceedings with the home side unable to capitalise on their growing possession . The sold-out stadium roared their team on and they even threw Ruddy up at the end for a series of corners . It peaked in the final few moments when , from one of those corners , Middlesbrough defender Ben Gibson threw himself in front of Russell Martin 's volley to prevent what would have been a certain goal . That block could be worth millions . Middlesbrough manager Aitor Karanka gives instructions to his team as they try to hold on to their lead .