The mother of Nicholas Figueroa , a 23-year-old male model who died in a building explosion on New York City 's 2nd Avenue last month , has spoken out . Ana Figueroa , 55 , told Daily Mail Online that though she cries every night , those responsible for the explosion and handling its aftermath have not reached out to her . ` Nobody 's spoken to me , no one has called to give condolences , ' she said at a memorial to her son that was set up Thursday at the site of the disaster that killed two and destroyed three buildings on March 26 . Scroll down for video . Ana Figueroa -LRB- pictured with husband Nixon -RRB- has spoken out for the first time since her son Nicholas , 23 , died in a gas explosion on New York City 's Second Avenue . The young man and recent college graduate was paying the bill on a blind date at a sushi restaurant when three buildings in New York 's East Village were destroyed . Her Upper East Side family , which includes Nicholas 's father Nixon , 52 , and his three younger brothers Brandon , Neal and Tyler , says it still ` wants justice ' and those responsible for the explosion to be punished . However , nearly one month after the blast that killed Nicholas when he was on a blind date at a sushi bar , answers about what exactly happened in the explosion remain unclear . In early April , according to the New York Post , a plumber allegedly admitted to law enforcement that he created an illegal gas connection in the building . allegedly at the request of Michael Hyrnenko , the son of landlord Maria Hyrnenko . Mrs Figueroa said that she had not been contacted by Ms Hyrnenko and has only learned about her life after reading it in media reports . She has learned that Ms Hyrnenko is also 55 and also has four children and said Thusday , ` I wonder how she would feel if she were to lose her kid ' . While he said that they did n't want to ` blame ' anyone , Mr Figueroa said that the family ` wants someone to come forward and say that they did this ' . Nicholas 's mother , who has not previously spoken at length to the press , said she had contacted a lawyer about filing charges against the landlord , though she is waiting until after the results of the city 's investigation . The Figueroas say that neither the landlord of the demolished buildings , Mayor Bill de Blasio nor Con Edison have contacted them with condolences following their loss . The family , who are afraid that their son 's death and its cause will be ` put under the rug ' have set up a memorial at the site of the explosion . Mrs Figueroa , who was hugged by passersby who saw the memorial to her son , said that she still cries every night . A wall has been placed around the site of the explosion , which destroyed buildings at the corner of Second Avenue and Seventh Street and damaged windows on one adjacent . Attempts by Daily Mail Online to contact Mrs Hyrnenko , who switched lawyers after the explosion , for comment were unsuccessful . Beyond Ms Hyrnenko , the Figueroa family said that other parties such as utility company Con Edison and the owner of Sushi Park , where Nicholas was eating when he died , bear some responsibility for his death . Mrs Figueroa faulted them for not stopping gas flow to the building and continuing to run a restaurant in a dangerous situation . ` Everybody has a part of this ' , Nixon Figueroa said Thursday . Now the Figueroas are left with their son and brother 's death as the story fades from headlines , and the feeling that swiftly finding the person responsible is not a priority for authorities . ` They 're going to say `` It 's only two lives , it could have been more '' , but it was my son ' , Mrs Figueroa said on Thursday as passersby hugged her in consolation . The explosion resulted in the deaths of Nicholas and Moises Locon , 26 , a busboy at Sushi Park . Her family was last contacted by New York City authorities before the April 7 funeral for Nicholas , when help with services were offered . A GoFundMe page in memory of Nicholas met it 's $ 30,000 goal , and the Figueroas did not take the city 's help . Despite the relatively small number of victims , Mrs Figueroa said that she had not received a phone call from Mayor Bill de Blasio . ` We 're nobody , ' she said . ` Now I really need their help if we do n't want this to be pushed under the rug ' . A spokesman for the Mayor released a statement to Daily Mail Online saying : ` Following the East Village building collapse members of the administration were in regular communication with the families of the victims . ` Additionally , the Mayor 's Fund to Advance New York City raised more than $ 150,000 for the victims of the tragedy and the administration 's offer to assist with funeral arrangements was declined . ' Nicholas Figueroa , -LRB- left -RRB- a former model , and Moises Locon , 26 -LRB- right -RRB- , both died at Sushi Park restaurant . New York City officials offered to help pay for Nicholas 's funeral in early April , though the family was able to pay for it with help from a GoFundMe page . Mrs Figueroa was in tears at the funeral as she held a red rose and wore a button remembering her oldest son . Though the memorial set up on Thursday is a sorrowful reminder of her family 's loss , the mother says that her sadness has mixed with anger over fears that her son will have ` died in vain ' and no one will be held responsible . Ms Figueroa referenced other New York City incidents such as a crane collapse in 2008 that killed two and a fire in 2010 where those judged responsible faced manslaughter charges . The owner of the crane company and three men connected to the 2010 fire were all acquitted . She knows that the odds of a criminal conviction are small , but hopes that those responsible will help establish a small park on the property in memory of her son , who loved nature and meditating . The grieving mother said that those responsible include Con Edison , the utilities giant that said part of the building 's gas works failed inspection about an hour before the explosion . She has also yet to be contacted by officials from the company . Con Ed released a statement to Daily Mail Online saying : ` We said on the day of the explosion and since then , that our thoughts and prayers are with the victims of this tragedy , and we made a significant contribution to the Mayor 's Fund to help those affected . ' Ms Hyrnenko 's building had previously failed a Con Ed inspection in August , when workers discovered that a pipe had been tapped in a dangerous way , the company told the New York Times . Mrs Figueroa said that illegal gas tapping should not be a ` three strike ' policy and that gas to the building should have been shut off completely following the second failed inspection . A Con Edison spokesman told Daily Mail Online that the March 26 inspection was on ` work the building owner was doing in connection with the installation of a new service ' . The spokesman said ` The work did not pass the inspection and our inspectors left . The new service was locked , meaning that gas could not be accessed by it . ' A plumber allegedly admitted to law enforcement earlier this month that he had created an illegal gas connection at the site of the explosion . Smoke from the fire was visible from around New York City as firefighters worked to combat the blaze on March 26 . The investigation into the incident by police and fire authorities is ongoing , with much of the suspicion falling on the buildings ' gasworks . Con Edison has previously said that it was replacing a small pipe with a larger one that would allow both the building residents and the sushi restaurant to receive gas . Restaurant owner Hyeonil Kim told the New York Times he believed that the residents had been getting gas since the summer from a pipe coming from Ms Hyrnenko 's other building next door . Gas is thought to have still been flowing through the old piping after the inspectors left . After the inspectors left , Ms Hrynenko 's son Michael was down in the basement investigating a gas leak during the explosion . He was carried out by a general contractor with him . ` Our understanding is that the criminal investigation continues , ' the company said in a statement . For now the mother is left with only pictures and messages from her son . Her last texts from Nicholas , with whom she would talk about ` everything ' including include message where he asks her to cook his favorite chicken for dinner . The young man had just gotten his bachelor 's from Buffalo State College and had been home for three months before he died . Right before meeting his blind date at Sushi Park , Nicholas , a former model , had texted that he was about to have an ` interesting experience ' . Ms Figueroa did not hear from her son again , and was knew that he was in the blast when she saw that his debit card had been used at the restaurant right before the explosion . After spending a long night at a nearby school hoping that her son would be found in the wreckage , Mrs Figueroa was later shown the place where he died . While the family may worry that officials will forget about their son 's death , she is grateful for public support . Visitors to the Second Avenue memorial can now read testaments to the loving brother and son and see the spot where the explosion took his life , which the family has marked with white roses . The family was shown the spot where their son died and planted white roses in memory of the 23-year-old . The recent Buffalo State College graduate had texted his mother saying that he was going on an ` interesting experience ' before his blind date . The sidewalk near the site on Second Avenue had been closed to pedestrians for weeks following the blast before reopening .