A pregnant woman who went into a coma woke up to learn she gave birth to a baby boy . Sharista Giles of Sweetwater , Tennessee , was driving home from a concert in December with friends when a car accident sent her to the hospital with injuries so bad doctors believed she would never recover . The 20-year-old was five months pregnant at the time and in January doctors were forced to deliver the baby early , a little boy the family refers to as Baby L. And now , Giles has finally seen her newborn after waking up from her coma on Wednesday . Sharista Giles -LRB- above -RRB- of Sweetwater , Tennessee woke up on Wednesday after being in a coma for five months . Giles was five months pregnant -LRB- above -RRB- when she went into the coma , and a month later doctors were forced to deliver her son , who the family calls Baby L , who she saw for the first time Wednesday . Giles ' family told ABC News that she opened her eyes , and soon began following her father 's movements around the room . Then , her father showed her a photo of her son . ` He showed her a picture of her baby , and she followed the picture , ' said her mother , Beverly . ` When he turned around to put it back on the bulletin board , she turned her neck , her whole head trying to follow and find the picture again . ' Baby L -LRB- above in utero -RRB- weighed just two pounds when he was born and though he is still in the neonatal intensive care unit he now weighs over six pounds . Giles -LRB- above -RRB- prognosis is still not known , but she has shocked doctors who believed she would not make it out of her coma or even live this long . Baby L meanwhile is doing well , but still in the neonatal intensive care unit at the University of Tennessee Medical Center . He was less than two pounds when he was born , but since then has been greatly improving and now weighs 6 pounds and 4 ounces . As for Giles , doctors are still not certain of her prognosis , but she has done far better than they ever expected when she was admitted last December . This is no surprise however to her family . ` We never gave up , ' said her mother . ` She 's fought this hard . '