A 46-year-old man has been reported missing after a kayak he had taken out with his fiance capsized in choppy waters . Vincent Viafore from Poughkeepsie , New York , was on the rough Hudson River near Newburgh with Angelika Graswald when he was thrown in on Sunday evening . According to CBS 2 , Viafore was not wearing a life jacket and was unable to get back into the kayak . Scroll down for video . Vincent Viafore -LRB- right -RRB- from Poughkeepsie , New York , was on the rough Hudson River near Newburgh with Angelika Graswald -LRB- left -RRB- when he was thrown in on Sunday evening . He is still missing . She managed to make it out of the water and call 911 . On Monday she asked friends on Facebook to keep praying for her partner and hoped for a miracle . His partner fell out of the boat while trying to help him and was rescued by another boat travelling in the area at the time . She then called 911 when she made it to land . Graswald was taken to hospital and treated for hypothermia but her fiance has not been found . On Monday she asked friends for their prayers as the search continued . She wrote on Facebook : ` I just want to thank everyone for reaching out . Please , keep your prayers for Vince . ` Miracles ARE possible . The authorities are doing everything they can . ` We do not need anyone else getting hurt , as it is very dangerous out there , especially without daylight . Please , no questions at this point , we 're doing everything we can . We will find him . ' New York State Police Captain Brendan Casey told CBS 2 : ` Yesterday , it started out as a nice day and as the day went on , it grew cooler and the winds picked up and it became more like today . ' Viafore was not wearing a life jacket and was unable to get back into the kayak . Residents say the water at this time of year is ' precarious ' as it is so cold . Viafore 's friend Wes Gottlock said he saw them out on the water , but did not discover there was a search underway until later on that evening . He added that the couple had been together for a long time and have a ` wonderful relationship ' . He said the water at this time of the year is ` precarious ' as the water is still cold . Peter Brandt , who has lived by the water for 40 years , asked if they were ` accomplished kayakers ' because the water was very rough .