A woman has become the latest victim of violent anti-immigrant protests sweeping South Africa after she was left covered in blood when rocks were thrown through her car window . So far six people are believed to have been killed in the violent protests which started two weeks ago in Durban , a key port on South Africa 's Indian Ocean coast , spreading to Johannesburg . In the latest show of violence around 200 protesters , shouting that they wanted immigrants to leave the country , pelted passing vehicles and the police with rocks . Scroll down for video . Victim : Carol Lloyd was left injured and covered in blood after rocks were thrown at and shattered her car window in the latest wave of anti-immigrant protests near Johannesburg in South Africa . Armed : South African police were called in to help foreign nationals as violent protests spread to Johannesburg , threatening more killings . People run for cover from a stun grenade and tear gas after a skirmish between locals and foreign nationals in Durban , South Africa , today . A group of foreign nationals threaten to defend themselves as police get between them and South Africans after a peace march in Durban . Carol Lloyd was forced to stop her car as she drove close to Jeppestown after she was injured when a rock smashed through her car window . South African police responded to the wave of protests , which are motivated by the large number of immigrants and high unemployment rates , by firing rubber bullets and tear gas today to disperse the crowds . Protests began two weeks ago and six people have been killed , and dozens of foreign nationals have emptied their shops and fled over fears of attacks . Violence flared days after Zulu King Goodwill Zwelithini said in remarks reported by local media that foreigners should leave South Africa . He has since said his comments were misinterpreted . Addressing parliament in Cape Town on Thursday , President Zuma reiterated his condemnation of the violence , calling it a ` violation ' of South Africa 's values . Ms Lloyd stopped her car near Jeppestown , close to Johannesburg , after her window was smashed -LRB- left -RRB- and she was left bloodied -LRB- right -RRB- . In Actonville , South African men were seen singing , armed with clubs and pieces of wood , as they called for foreign shop owners to leave . Police responded to the violence in South Africa by firing tear gas grenades as they began to enter men 's hostels to search for weapons . Raid : Anti-riot police today raided a hostel in Benonu where local residents are suspected have taken part in the large scale protests . Weapons : Police in Benoni have been looking for guns in the homes of protesters , who have been throwing rocks at trucks carrying supplies . ` No amount of frustration or anger can ever justify the attacks on foreign nationals and the looting of their shops , ' he said . ` We condemn the violence in the strongest possible terms . The attacks violate all the values that South Africa embodies . ' He also said the government was taking steps to secure its porous borders and making progress in setting up a Border Management Agency , announced last year and scheduled to be up and running in 2016 . The ruling African National Congress party has condemned the attacks as ` shameful ' and branded them ` criminal acts against vulnerable people ' . In the past two weeks , shops and homes owned by Somalis , Ethiopians , Malawians and other immigrants in Durban and surrounding townships have been targeted , forcing families to flee to camps protected by armed guards . Foreign nationals living near Johannesburg were today seen removing items from their shops and shutting up their stores because of fears they could be targeted by protesters . Police entered mens hostels in Actonville in Johannesburg looking for weapons and are seen holding suspects at gunpoint today . A police officer is seen in the kitchen area of a men 's hostel in Benoni as officers work to calm protests and prevent more attacks . A man is searched by a police officer for weapons as fear intensifies in Johannesburg over the violence towards foreign nationals . The violence in South Africa has been condemned by leaders and officials as more foreigners are being forced to leave their stores and homes . Riot police , armed with guns , ammunition and wearing helmets have been clashing with protesters as they try to ensure safety . A child looks out from inside a deserted store in Germiston , near Johannesburg today after the immigrant owner removed his goods and left in fear of attack from local residents . Foreign nationals have been seen loading trucks with their goods as they flee Primrose , near Johannesburg to escape the violence . Shop owners fearing for their lives have been seen emptying their stores while armed police officers stand guard to protect them . Another officer is seen standing guard as locals empty their shops and officials struggle to contain the violence sweeping the country . They fled after a mobile phone text message was apparently sent to shop owners , warning them to shut their premises , claiming that ` Zulu people are coming to town ... to kill every foreigner on the road ' . In Primrose , near Germiston and about 15 km out of Johannesburg , dozens of shops have been left empty and owners were seen transporting their wares on trucks today . And in Durban , where many of the attacks began , thousands of people have been seen marching through the streets calling for an end to the violence . Durban 's impoverished townships have been at the heart of the recent clashes between locals and immigrants , following a similar spate of attacks on foreign-owned shops in Soweto , near Johannesburg , earlier this year . More than 1,000 foreigners in Durban have fled their homes and are now living in makeshift camps under police guard . Hundreds of people took part in a peace march today after anti-immigrant violence flared in Durban . Meanwhile , foreigners fled their homes . Peace : Thousands of people have taken part in a peace march today , calling for an end to the violence against immigrants in South Africa . A woman holds a poaster while taking part in a peace march in Durban as the president calls for an end to the xenophobic violence . A peace march against xenophobia took place in Durban , South Africa today as foreigners fled their homes and businesses in fear . Foreign nationals clashed with a mob trying to loot their stores earlier this week as xenophonic attacks and violence erupted in Durban . Police have repeatedly clashed with protesters who are threatening violence , looting stores and setting fires in KwaMashu and Umlazi . Threatening : Streets have been destroyed by gangs of protesters keen to intimidate and scare immigrants to leave the country . Safe camps have been established in the coastal city of Durban for fleeing immigrants whose shops were looted and burned down . The fear felt by many was palpable as dozens of foreigners sought refuge at a police station outside Johannesburg and stayed there overnight , according to police spokesman , Col. Lungelo Dlamini . Patrick Gaspard , the US ambassador to South Africa who was born in Zaire , now known as the Democratic Republic of the Congo , to Haitian parents , spoke in defence of the immigrants . ` As an immigrant to my own country , my heart goes out to those who have been attacked for being different , ' Mr Gaspard said in a statement . In a statement , Tina Ghelli , spokesman for the office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees , said the Minister of International Relations , Maite Nkoana-Mashabane , will on Friday meet with diplomats from several African countries to discuss the government 's efforts to protect immigrants . The governments of Malawi and Zimbabwe have begun efforts to repatriate citizens affected by the attacks . Fleeing : Foreign nationals loaded up trucks with their belongings and made their way out of Johannesburg , fearing more attacks . Shelves have been left bare in one shop in the village of Primrose near Johannesburg after foreigners fled their homes and businesses . A man carries bottles of drink that had been on sale in a store after foreign nationals decided to flee Primrose , fearing for their lives . Two men are pictured carrying a refrigerator as foreigners flee their homes and businesses as protesters make them fear for their lives . Foreign nationals living near Johannesburg were seen removing items from their shops and shutting up their stores because of fears they could be targeted by protesters . South Africa has a population of about 50 million , but an estimated five million immigrants and its high jobless rate , widespread poverty and glaring income disparities make it a ripe candidate for outbreaks of anti-immigrant violence . Unemployment is officially around 25 percent but economists say in reality it is much higher . Johannesburg was the epicentre of the 2008 xenophobic attacks that killed more than 60 people and saw violence spread through the area . Refuge : Earlier this week foreign nationals , who were forced out of their homes , took refuge at camps in Isipingo in south Durban . Handouts : The foreigners , including children , were provided with food by the local community after they were threatened with violence . Fear spread throughout South Africa after people received text messages warning them they would be attacked or killed if they stayed . Mobs have been seen marching through the streets shouting as they call for foreign nationals to leave and clash with police officers . Dozens of areas have already been abandoned , like this store in KwaMashu , after foreign nationals shut up their shops and fled .