A heartbroken Sydney man has gone to extreme lengths to show his ex-girlfriend that he deserves a second chance . Michael Munday has taken to social media to post heartfelt notes dedicated to the love of his life , Melissa , declaring that he needs the support of the public in order to win her back . Yet some users were not entirely convinced by Mr Munday 's plea for help , describing his messages as ` creepy and inappropriate ' . Although it is not quite clear what caused the couple to split , it appears the break up was initiated by Melissa as Mr Munday wrote : ` I deserve a second chance . l DID N'T DO IT . ' Michael Munday has taken to social media to post love notes dedicated to the love of his life , Melissa , declaring that he needs the support of the public in order to win her back . The Sydney man has posted 135 tweets about his ex-girlfriend and has about 23k followers . Mr Munday says by gaining retweets , ` likes ' on his Facebook page and using hashtags #michaellovesmelissa it will prove how much he loves Melissa . ` Help me get her back , your retweets and hashtags will help show her I deserve a second chance . l DID N'T DO IT , ' he wrote on his Twitter page . ` Help me show her how much she means to me . ' Mr Munday has tweeted 135 love notes dedicated to Melissa . Among them include : ` Finally I figured out , but it took a long time . And now there 's a turnabout , Maybe cause I 'm trying . It 's all for YOU #michaellovesmelissa ' . Yet some users were not entirely convinced by Mr Munday 's plea for help , describing his messages as ` creepy and inappropriate ' Mr Munday has also been using social media to remind his former-girlfriend that he has not forgotten about her . ` Thinking of you my angel . Not a minute passes without you on my mind . I did n't do what you think I did . Believe me . #michaellovesmelissa , ' he tweeted . But while Mr Munday has gained 23k followers on Twitter , others have also taken to social media to express their concerns . ` This is terrifying . Letting your ex-partner know you miss them is one thing , but starting a social media campaign to coerce them into dating you again is quite another , ' Dannielle Miller wrote as she shared Mr Munday 's Twitter page on Wednesday . ` I find his posts creepy and inappropriate . I suspect she does too . ' Ms Miller was also shocked with the number of people who are supporting him in his act .