Andros Townsend hailed Harry Kane as the ` best finisher ' he has played with and predicted a bright international career for his Tottenham Hotspur team-mate . Kane made his England debut as a substitute on Friday against Lithuania , scoring after only 79 seconds , and started last night 's friendly against Italy in Turin when Townsend scored in a 1-1 draw . Townsend said : ` I 've known Harry for the last four , five or six years , I 've grown up in the youth team with him and he is a fantastic talent and a player who , if you give him a chance , he is always going to put it away . Andros Townsend hailed Harry Kane -LRB- pictured greeting each other -RRB- as the ` best finisher ' he has played with . Kane and Townsend played for England on Tuesday night during their 1-1 draw with Italy in Turin . Andros Townsend scored England 's equaliser and poked fun at Paul Merson after the former midfielder said he ` should be nowhere near the England squad ' . Click here for the full story . ` I think a few years ago , the main criticism was that he was lacking half a yard of pace and he has seemed to sort that out . He has bulked up and is now an animal and hopefully Spurs and England can benefit from that . ` I have always said to people that he is the best finisher I have ever played with . ` People used to laugh at me but now I think I should get a job as a scout . ` Even in training , left or right foot he is always working the ` keeper . He can find himself in almost any position and he will hit the bottom or top corner . ` That part of the game he has always had but the other side of the game to be fair to him , he has really worked on and I think Spurs and England are seeing the benefits of that . ' Townsend insists he has always told people that Kane is the ` best finisher I have ever played with ' Kane celebrates scoring against Lithuania but was unable to add to his tally against Italy on Tuesday night . Ryan Mason won his first cap in Turin and with Kyle Walker also coming off the bench it meant England finished the game with four Spurs players on the pitch , three from the academy . Danny Rose had pulled out of the squad with hip and hamstring injuries . Townsend added : ` The management , the coaches and the academy managers should be proud . ` They have brought through four or five players - Danny Rose as well - who are in the England squad and four players on the pitch at one time tonight is fantastic for the club and hopefully it can be an inspiration to the younger players , the likes of Josh Onomah and Harry Winks who are coming through , that they can be in the first team . ' Townsend scores England 's equaliser in their 1-1 friendly draw with Italy in Turin on Tuesday night . Townsend celebrates his strike with Tottenham Hotspur team-mates Ryan Mason -LRB- left -RRB- and Kyle Walker .