David Cameron today boasted that 2million people have found work since 2010 , as new employment figures showed the UK workforce is at another record high . Unemployment has continued to fall and a record 31 million people are in work , the last jobless figures before the general election have shown . The Prime Minister used the data to warn that the recovery would be ` put at risk ' by a ` stitch-up ' between Labour and the SNP , after Ed Miliband and Nicola Sturgeon clashed in a TV debate last night . The Office for National Statistics said more than 31 million people were in work after an increase of more than half a million in the past year . David Cameron today warned the recovery would be put at risk by a Labour-SNP ` stitch-up ' after the election on May 7 . The Office for National Statistics -LRB- ONS -RRB- said that more than 31 million people were in work after an increase of more than half a million in the past year , the biggest total since records began in 1971 . The figure is up from 29million in spring 2010 , before the Tories and Lib Dems went into coalition . At the same time the jobless total fell by 76,000 to 1.84 million in the quarter to February , the lowest for almost seven years . Mr Cameron said : ` There are now 2 million more people in work than in 2010 -- that 's more families with the stability and security of a regular pay packet . ` This is thanks to the hard work and the determination of the British people , and the Conservatives ' strong leadership and clear economic plan . ` It would all be put at risk with the chaos of a Miliband-SNP stitch-up , hiking borrowing , hurting the economy , and costing jobs -- and it 'll be hardworking taxpayers who 'll pay . ' He used a speech today to warn that a Labour government would put 1million jobs at risk . Claiming Mr Miliband represents a threat to jobs , the Tory leader said : ` You know what makes me really angry ? It 's when our opponents still go on about ` you Tories -- the party for the few and not the many ... ' Excuse me ? ` This is the party that 's taken three million of the lowest-paid workers out of income tax altogether ; that 's cut the taxes of 26million working people ; that 's seen 1,000 jobs created every day -- jobs that are giving families security , putting food on tables , helping people out of poverty . ` Under the last five years of Labour , unemployment went up by 600 people a day . ` So if Ed Miliband repeated the economic mistakes of the last Labour government -- that he was a part of -- he risks a million more people joining the dole queues . ' The UK 's unemployment rate is now 5.6 per cent , a fall of 1.3 per cent since a year ago . The rate was 7.9 per cent in May 2010 , when the last general election was held . In a live TV debate last night between opposition leaders , Ms Sturgeon warned Mr Miliband is not ` strong enough ' to win the election alone and urged him to ditch austerity to kick the Tories out . The Labour leader rejected the offer of a post-election deal , telling Ms Sturgeon : `` It 's a ` no ' , I 'm afraid . ` You want to gamble on getting rid of a Tory government ; I can guarantee that we get rid of a Tory government if you vote Labour . ' But polls suggest the SNP is set to make huge gains in Scotland , depriving Labour of hopes of securing an overall majority . The number of people claiming jobseeker 's allowance fell by 20,700 in March to 772,400 , the 29th consecutive monthly cut . The UK 's unemployment rate is now 5.6 per cent , a fall of 1.3 per cent since a year ago . The rate was 7.9 per cent in May 2010 , when the last general election was held . Around 1.3 million people were in part-time jobs when they wanted full-time work , up by 29,000 in the latest quarter , while self-employment was little changed at 4.5 million . In a live TV debate last night between opposition leaders , SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon warned Labour 's Ed Miliband is not ` strong enough ' to win the election alone and urged him to ditch austerity to kick the Tories out . The number of people classed as economically inactive , including those looking after a relative , on long-term sick leave or who have given up looking for work , fell by 104,000 to just under nine million . Average earnings increased by 1.7 per cent in the year to February , 0.2 per cent down on the previous month . Long-term unemployment has also fallen , down by 188,000 to 623,000 for those out of work for at least a year . Youth unemployment - 16 to 24-year-olds - fell by 22,000 in the three months to February to 742,000 . The ONS also reported that 107,000 people were made redundant over the latest three months , little changed on the end of last year , but more than 200,000 fewer than the record peak of 311,000 in early 2009 . There were 743,000 job vacancies across the country in January to March , 124,000 more than a year ago and the highest since records began in 2001 . Liberal Democrat Chief Secretary to the Treasury Danny Alexander said : ` Britain is the job creation powerhouse of the western economies . With record numbers of people in work and the highest employment rate ever , people can see the difference Lib Dems have made in government . ` The balance , common sense , fairness and financial discipline praised by the IMF today are the things we have brought to government . ' Rachel Reeves , shadow work and pensions secretary , said : ` Today 's fall in overall unemployment is welcome , but with working people earning on average GBP1 ,600 less a year since 2010 and the biggest fall in wages over a parliament since 1874 , it 's clear the Tory plan is failing . Dr John Philpott , director of The Jobs Economist , said : ` The quarterly increase of 248,000 in the number of people in work in the UK is remarkably strong . With two-thirds of these additional people employed full-time and almost all employees in permanent jobs this surge indicates real momentum in the ongoing jobs recovery . ` Together with zero price inflation , the jobs boom is helping improve real incomes despite the fact that wage pressure remains subdued . However , the rise in employment and real wages continues to mask severe underlying weakness in labour productivity . This will have to improve markedly if the current recovery in living standards is to be sustained into the medium and long-term . '