An aviation expert has questioned whether the doomed Germanwings passenger plane may had its electronics ` hacked ' before it crashed killing all 150 on board . The theory has surfaced in a letter to the respected Financial Times newspaper from aviation boss Matt Andersson , president of Chicago-based Indigo Aerospace . The French Alps tragedy which occurred on the flight between Barcelona to Dusseldorf has been widely blamed on co-pilot Andreas Lubitz , 28 . He is believed to have barricaded himself in the cockpit of the GermanWings A320 Airbus before flying the packed plane into the mountainside as the captain fought desperately to get inside . Scroll down for video . Disaster : An aviation expert says an external factor like ` electronic hacking ' could have been to blame for the Germanwings plane crash that claimed 150 lives . Tragedy : The crash in the Alps has been blamed on the co-pilot Andreas Lubitz who investigators say locked himself in the cockpit and deliberately crashed the jet . Investigation : But Matt Andersson - president of Chicago-based Indigo Aerospace - says any number of causes could have caused the crash . Doomed : Recordings from the cockpit suggested that co-pilot Andreas Lubitz -LRB- left -RRB- locked himself in the cockpit while the Captain Patrick Sondenheimer desperately tried to break in . Investigators point to a history of mental illness and doctors notes which were hidden from his employer . Mr Andersson says the French accident investigators are clear that the stricken plane ` accelerated in its descent ' . But he writes in the FT : ` That may be , but it could be from any number of causes , including external electronic hacking into the aircraft 's control and navigation systems through malware or electromagnetic interception . ' ` This is one reason military and head-of-state aircraft are generally installed with specific shielding and additional active protective measures , ' and he stresses : ` Civilian aircraft are not . ' Mr Andersson says the public should reserve final judgment until the investigators have completed their enquiries and come to a firm conclusion . He added : ` The public should patiently wait for a through , multi-party professional air safety investigation , while maintaining an independence of judgment over preliminary official hypotheses . ' Setting out his doubts about jumping to conclusions based on preliminary findings , Mr Andersson said : ` Both the cockpit voice recorder -LRB- CVR -RRB- and the flight data recorder -LRB- FDR -RRB- of the Germanwings flight 9525 have yet to be subject to international standards . ` Until they are , many broad assertions currently presented to the public may turn out to be erroneous , misleading or in some cases lead to improper or counterproductive regulatory and other reactions -- including misplaced liability , financial and insurance claims . ' Damaged : Despite revelations from the plane 's flight data recorders -LRB- pictured -RRB- , Mr Andersson says the public should reserve final judgment until the investigators have completed their enquiries . Aftermath : He claims passenger planes do not have the same level of protection as military jets and someone could have hacked into its ` control and navigation systems through malware or electromagnetic interception ' Since the crash , European air safety chiefs have recommended that two people must remain at all times on the flight deck , requiring a member of cabin crew to step in if one of the two pilots leaves the cockpit . Mr Andersson writes in the FT that the ` slow drip ' of piecemeal judgments from preliminary assessments of data can be counterproductive . He said the European Cockpit Association representing nearly 40,000 professional pilots ` has rightly criticised the premature release ' of the aircraft 's cockpit voice recorder . Investigators say this highlights the co-pilot breathing while locked in the cockpit while the pilot beats on the door outside . Protection : Since the crash which is believed to be caused by 28-year-old co-pilot Andreas Lubitz -LRB- pictured -RRB- , European air safety chiefs have recommended that two people must remain at all times on the flight deck . Police carried out forensic searches on Lubitz 's and his parents house after it emerged that he ` deliberately ' crashed the Airbus A320 jet into the Alps . He believes premature release ` could arguably prejudice a formal technical assessment ' and Mr Andersson is not the only aviation expert to speculate on the plane being ` hacked ' . Former commercial pilot Jay Rollins told US television channel MSNBC last month : ` This aircraft is highly computerised . ` There 's one possibility that no-one has brought up . I wonder -- could this be a hacking incident ? ' He drew parallels with the loss of a US drone over Iran , which some blamed on electronic hacking : ` Suddenly the aircraft responding to outside forces . ` If something like that were going on it would be very disturbing for the pilot . '