Arsenal will help Abou Diaby resurrect his playing career this summer whether or not he stays with the club . The midfielder 's contract expires in June and talks over his future will not commence until after the season . Manager Arsene Wenger has hinted he could offer the Frenchman a new contract - but only on a pay-as-you play basis given his poor injury record . Injury-plagued midfielder Abou Diaby 's contract expires at the end of the season . The Frenchman been continuing his latest recovery while playing for Arsenal Under 21s against Reading . Diaby will be allowed to use the training facilities at the Emirates even if he does not stay at the club . And even if he does n't not extend his stay at the Emirates Stadium , the Gunners will ensure Diaby has the best possible chance of reviving his flagging career this summer . Arsenal will allow the 28-year-old to use the club 's state-of-the-art facilities at their London Colney HQ in order to maintain his fitness until he finds a new club . Wenger has a close bond with Diaby , helping the injury-prone star through years of hell on the club 's treatment table . And the Gunners manager wants to help Diaby get his career back on track , even if it 's not in north London . Diaby is approaching fitness following another injury disrupted campaign . And whether he is able to break into the first-team fold this season is likely to have a bearing on his future . Gunners boss Arsene Wenger is close to Diaby and the club will help him get his career back on track . The 28-year-old has suffered 42 injuries and only made 22 appearances in four seasons for the Gunners . Diaby has suffered in-excess of 42 injuries since signing for the Gunners in 2006 . He has made just 22 appearances in four seasons . The sheer number of injuries he has suffered have caused significant imbalances throughout his body , which have taken there toll in recent years . Nevertheless , Diaby is not giving up on his Gunners career , though club sources claim it is unlikely he will be offered a new deal .