Huddersfield ensured their status in the Sky Bet Championship with three games remaining thanks to a goalless draw at Brighton . The point for the Seagulls ended a run of three successive defeats , but their goal drought continues and they are now without a goal from one of their own players for nine hours and 20 minutes . Albion are still not out of danger towards the bottom of the table and are seven points above the drop zone with three games left . Brighton 's Beram Kayal -LRB- left -RRB- and Huddersfield 's Jacob Butterfield battle for the ball at the Amex Stadium . Mustapha Carayol -LRB- right -RRB- attempts to get away from Tommy Smith as the hosts go on the attack . Birmingham 's highly-rated winger Demarai Gray was on target for the second successive game as his strike rescued a point in City 's 2-2 draw against Blackburn at St Andrew 's . The hosts twice came from behind to salvage a share of the spoils in the Sky Bet Championship fixture with Gray following up his winner against Wolves last weekend with another classy piece of finishing in the 78th minute . Blackburn captain Matt Kilgallon had put Rovers ahead after just eight minutes with his first goal in over a year . A stirring second-half fight back from Birmingham saw them draw level when full-back Jonathan Grounds grabbed a 64th-minute equaliser . The ever reliable Jordan Rhodes looked to have earned Blackburn only their second win in their last five Championship games with his 18th goal of the season four minutes later . Birmingham City 's Jonathan Grounds heads home his side 's first goal against Blackburn Rovers . Demarai Gray nets Birmingham 's second equaliser during their 2-2 at St Andrew 's on Tuesday night . But Gray popped up to ensure Birmingham extended their unbeaten home record to seven games , while Rovers have now not been beaten in eight league and cup matches on the road . Adam Le Fondre 's seventh goal of the season rescued a point for Bolton and ensured Charlton 's third successive SkyBet Championship draw . The on-loan Cardiff marksman netted for a second successive game after 78 minutes when it seemed Charlton were comfortably protecting Frederic Bulot 's ninth-minute opener . Wanderers had goalkeeper Adam Bogdan to thank for keeping it at 1-0 before Le Fondre drew level with Craig Davies at the head of the Trotters ' goal charts to salvage a 1-1 draw for Neil Lennon 's men . Charlton 's Frederic Bulot celebrates with his manager Guy Luzon after opening the scoring against Bolton . Bolton striker Adam Le Fondre raises his arm as he celebrates netting an equaliser in the 79th minute .