Gary and Phil Neville , Ryan Giggs , Nicky Butt and Paul Scholes will no doubt partying hard on Tuesday night after Salford City clinched the Evo-Stik League First Division North title , with the club gaining promotion on a very fitting 92 points . Title rivals Darlington 1883 could only draw 1-1 with Warrington Town , meaning the Manchester-based club won the title without having to kick a ball . The Evo-Stik League Northern Premier League is what awaits Salford , with the Conference North just one league above but they wo n't be playing local rivals FC United of Manchester next season after they gained promotion from the division . Philip Neville tweeted this photo of the team celebrating promotion with the caption : ` Party still going !! ' Salford City clinched the Evo-Stik League First Division North title on a poignant 92 points . Salford City 's players celebrate after Darlington 's failure to win saw them win the league title on 92 points . Gary Neville -LRB- centre -RRB- and Paul Scholes watched Salford 's last home match against Clitheroe Town . The Neville brothers both took to Twitter to express their delight at gaining promotion , with a few beers likely to be consumed over the week . Scholes and Gary were in attendance for Salford 's victory against Clitheroe Town before they made made it eight wins on the bounce the following week away to Burscough . Salford knew that a 1883 win would take the title race to the final game of the season but they were unable to get the better of Warrington Town - handing the trophy to their rivals . Darlington 's manager Martin Gray showed a real touch of class by personally calling Gary and joint-manager Anthony Johnson to congratulate them of their achievement . Following this , Phil showed the same sort of courtesy and wished Gray 's side well in the play-off 's . Salford clinched the title on a fitting 92 pointsand with one game to spare after their eight-game winning streak . The Class of '92 bought into the club last year and their investments have worked wonders , with the club earning instant success in their first full season at the helm . But recently the co-owners admitted that it was n't all plain sailing after former manager Phil Power was sacked in January , with Phil conceding that were turning into something they had always said they would n't . The former Everton man said : ` We had become the meddling owners , everything we did n't want to be . ' With the Football League just three more promotions away , Salford 's fans and very famous owners can dream about that prospect . Some of the Class of '92 take in a pre-season friendly against Stalybridge Celtic in the summer . The Class of '92 stars will no doubt be delighted that their impact has produced such immediate success .