Alex Salmond has stepped up the pressure on Ed Miliband saying he wo n't be able to avoid a deal with the SNP and was ` foolish ' to rule out a coalition . Alex Salmond has stepped up the pressure on Ed Miliband saying he wo n't be able to avoid a deal with the SNP and was ` foolish ' to rule out a coalition . The former SNP leader , who is bidding to return to Westminster , said the Labour leader would find it difficult to avoid doing a deal with the Scottish nationalists in the event of hung parliament . When questioned about a potential coalition with Labour , he suggested Mr Miliband had only rejected the idea because he was ` under pressure from the Conservative press ' . He said all parties would have to face up to the ` electorate 's judgment ' after polling day on May 7 . ` There is no disrespect or disgrace in any politician coming to terms with the democratically expressed position of the electorate , ' he told the BBC Radio 4 Today programme . ` I think that after the election every Westminster politician will have to come and face the reality of the electorate 's judgment , ' This comes after SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon warned Mr Miliband he would not be forgiven if he allowed David Cameron back into Downing Street because he was unwilling to do a deal with the SNP . During Thursday night 's TV debate , she said : ` I can help Labour be bolder ... take the chance to kick David Cameron out of Downing Street . Do n't turn your back on it - people will never forgive you . ` It 's about delivering real change -- not pretend change -- real change for people right across this country . Is it the case that you would rather see David Cameron go back into Downing Street than work with the SNP ? Surely that can not be your position . ' The Tory Party has just released a campaign poster depicting Ms Sturgeon ` pulling the strings ' in the event of a deal between her party and Labour . The billboard depicts Sturgeon as a puppeteer and Miliband as a dummy , with the words ` more taxes , more borrowing , more debt . ' underneath . The former SNP leader told Mr Miliband he would find it difficult to avoid doing a deal with the Scottish nationalists in the event of hung parliament , pictured is the Labour leader today on the campaign trail . The Tory Party has just released a campaign poster depicting Ms Sturgeon ` pulling the strings ' in the event of a deal between her party and Labour . Speaking at the poster 's launch , party chairman Grant Shapps said : ` Labour are collapsing in Scotland . This means the only way that Ed Miliband might crawl through the gates of No10 now is if he 's carried there by the SNP . ` Nicola Sturgeon would pull the strings and demand weaker defences , more spending and unaffordable welfare hand-outs . It would be a disaster for taxpayers . ' Labour has insisted that it will not need SNP votes to govern - rejecting Conservative claims that Mr Miliband would be a prisoner of the nationalists if he entered Number 10 . Mr Salmond also made clear that SNP MPs at Westminster would be prepared to vote on England-only issues - such as health and education where power has been devolved to the Scottish Parliament - if they impact on Scotland . During Thursday night 's TV debate , Ms Sturgeon said : ` I can help Labour be bolder ' pictured with Mr Salmond . SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon -LRB- pictured -RRB- warned Mr Miliband he would not be forgiven if he allowed David Cameron back into Downing Street . ` The vast majority of votes have an economic impact , ' he said . ` When I was a Member of Parliament before I voted against foundation hospitals in England because I thought it would lead to the fragmentation of the health service and then have effects in Scotland . I voted against tuition fees for English students in England . ` It is not English-only legislation , if it has an economic impact it has an impact on Scotland . ' He indicated that the SNP could use their votes to try to change the Budget of the next government . ` I do n't think there is a single Member of Parliament or a single political party who would n't wish to be in a position and have an effect and influence for the betterment of their own constituents and , indeed , the betterment of politics across these islands , ' he said .