The Director of Public Prosecutions was under growing pressure to stand down last night over her failure to put Lord Janner on trial for serious child abuse offences . Alison Saunders 's position as the country 's top prosecutor looked bleak as she faced unprecedented criticism from the Home Secretary , police chiefs , crime tsars , prominent MPs -- and even one of her predecessors . Mrs Saunders said her job as head of the Crown Prosecution Service was to make the correct legal decisions in difficult cases , not the most popular ones . But she was accused of ignoring the rights of victims and of perpetrating Establishment cover-ups by deciding that Labour peer Lord Janner should not be charged -- despite evidence of 22 offences against nine victims dating back to the 1960s . Birthday visit : Lord Janner , right with cake , took Michael Jackson - who was repeatedly accused of child abuse but cleared in court - on tour of Parliament in 2002 , together with their mutual friend of Uri Gellar and US magician David Blaine -LRB- centre , left -RRB- . It was the birthday of Labour MP Paul Boateng , alongside Janner . Theresa May became the first Cabinet Minister to question the DPP 's judgment in ruling that the 86-year-old should not be prosecuted on the grounds that his dementia is now too advanced for him to have a fair trial . The Home Secretary told the BBC : ` I was very concerned when I heard about this decision . I have been very clear in everything I have said so far about the child sexual abuse issue ... I expect to see justice done . ' Former DPP Lord Macdonald of River Glaven said it would have been better if Lord Janner had undergone a procedure whereby a jury can decide on the facts of a case without apportioning guilt and without a sentence being passed , if a suspect is unfit to plead . There have been a number of recent court cases in which defendants with dementia have been jailed , and Lord Janner himself has previously called for Nazi war criminals to be put on trial regardless of their age or frailty . Lord Macdonald added : ` It might have been wiser for the Crown Prosecution Service to say , `` We 're going to have this matter resolved in the full public glare of a courtroom rather than simply by the DPP . '' ' Adam Simmonds , Police and Crime Commissioner for Northamptonshire , said the decision not to charge Lord Janner on Thursday made it a ` dark day for our justice system ' . He added : ` A substantial number of victims of child abuse , who have carried the weight of such heinous crimes with them for the best part of two decades , have been terribly let down in the worst possible way . ' He said the DPP 's ruling went against her previously stated commitment to seek justice for victims , no matter how old the allegations . Alison Saunders , right , said her job as head of the Crown Prosecution Service was to make the correct legal decisions in difficult cases , not the most popular ones , Lord Janner , left . Leicestershire Constabulary , which has investigated Lord Janner four times over the past 25 years , is considering an unprecedented legal challenge against the decision . Simon Danczuk , the Labour MP who exposed the late Cyril Smith as a paedophile , said that the weight of criticism against Mrs Saunders meant something had ` clearly gone very badly wrong ' . Writing in today 's Mail on Sunday , below , he said : ` Mrs Saunders is now seen as a roadblock to justice and it 's hard to see how her position remains tenable . ' Mrs Saunders has also come under fire over other high-profile cases -- and has been involved in a number of disputes over the competing rights of suspects and alleged victims in sex assault cases . Her decision in the Lord Janner case could be overturned if the complainants use the ` Right to Review ' scheme introduced two years ago . A CPS employee with no prior involvement in the case would consider if her decision was the right one . Alleged victims of Lord Janner will eventually be able to share their experiences with the long-delayed public inquiry into historic child abuse to be chaired by New Zealand judge Lowell Goddard . However , that investigation faces further setbacks as campaigners are seeking a judicial review of her decision to exclude child abuse survivors from the inquiry panel for being insufficiently objective . The CPS 's handling of previous investigations into Lord Janner is also being reviewed by retired High Court judge Sir Richard Henriques . Last night the CPS said : ` The DPP is there to make the right legal decision . Her role is to make these very difficult decisions , not to make popular decisions . ' Roadblock to justice must be removed . by Simon Danczuk , MP who exposed the Cyril Smith scandal . MP Simon Danczuk who exposed the Cyril Smith Scandal . A few weeks ago , I met an experienced former Metropolitan Police officer to discuss investigations into high - profile child abusers active in the 1970s . ` We 're making progress but putting Rolf Harris and Max Clifford behind bars is n't going to trouble the Establishment , ' he remarked . ` It 'll be 50 times harder to prosecute a politician . They 're able to call in a lot of favours . ' A year earlier , I 'd met police officers from Leicestershire to discuss the case they were putting together against Lord Janner . I could tell they were determined to get a prosecution , but it was the question they put to me next that disturbed me almost as much as the allegations : ` Do you think there will be any political interference ? ' The fact that dedicated frontline officers investigating heinous crimes against vulnerable children should have to ask that in 21st Century Britain is a worrying sign . But it 's one we should come to expect given the continual revelations about previous failures to prosecute high-profile figures for abusing children . The decision by the Director of Public Prosecutions to use the public interest test to overrule the evidence when refusing to prosecute Lord Janner is a reminder that outdated attitudes still prevail . They throw our whole justice system into disrepute . Not just because the authorities continue to turn a tin ear to those who have been violated , disbelieved and treated as rubbish for decades . And not just because in admitting previous failures to prosecute Janner , Alison Saunders failed to apologise on behalf of the CPS . It 's appalling because it 's the wrong decision and one she did n't have to make . For the DPP to shut down any prospect of justice in such a case sends out the worst possible message at the worst possible time , and her reputation is unravelling fast . When the Home Secretary says she 's ` very concerned ' , the former DPP Lord Macdonald is critical , and Leicestershire Police are talking about a legal challenge , then something has clearly gone very badly wrong . So wrong that Mrs Saunders is now seen as a roadblock to justice and it 's hard to see how her position remains tenable .