As Chancellor of the Exchequer , George Osborne is used to inventing new ways of hovering up taxpayers ' money to clean up the deficit . Mr Osborne today came face to face with a real Henry the Hoover -- and onlookers could n't fail to notice there was an uncanny resemblance to the Tory campaign chief . The Chancellor met his house-cleaning doppelganger at a campaign stop in Somerset , where he was given a tour of the factory where the machines are built . Uncanny : Chancellor George Osborne met George the Hoover as he campaigned in the West Country . The blue version of the popular vaccum brand , which also shampoos carpets , was unveiled during Mr Osborne 's visit to the Numatic factory in Chard , Somerset . Mr Osborne appeared to be amused by a Henry Hoover as he spoke to staff on the production line . Mr Osborne was seen cracking up after posing for photographs with the iconic hoover brands . Onlookers could not help noticing the striking similarities between the grinning , plastic cleaning device -- and the Chancellor . Mr Osborne was shown round the factory by worker Inga Ciplyte , 29 , from Exeter , as he promoted the Government 's plan to create thousands of new apprenticeships . The Chancellor took to Twitter to hail the Henry the Hoover factory , writing : ` Great British products made here in Chard and exported around the world . ' David Cameron had earlier been joined by the TV star Karren Brady to highlight a series of deals with big businesses to create 16,000 new apprenticeships over the next five years . The Conservative peer , who stars as one of Lord Sugar 's sidekicks on The Apprentice , joined the Prime Minister at a Costa Coffee - after they announced plans to take on 6,000 youngsters as part of the Tories ' pledge to eradicate youth unemployment . Baroness Brady , who is also the government 's small business ambassador , said apprenticeships ` transformed ' people 's lives and were now more respected than in the past . Earlier Mr Osborne tried his hand at being a mechanic as he met apprentices at Hawkins garage near St Austell . The Tories announced an extra 16,000 apprentices would be created by firms including Morrisons and Costa . Mr Osborne even got the teas in as he campaign for local Tory candidate Steve Doble -LRB- left -RRB- . Mr Cameron has pledged to create three million more apprenticeships over the next five years , if the Tories win the election . Costa Coffee and supermarket chain Morrisons have signed agreements to train thousands of apprentices each . Ministers will today visit firms across the country to welcome fresh commitments from companies including Morrisons , who will train 9,000 apprentices ; Crest Nicholson , who will take on 200 and announce a new training academy ; and the National Grid , who will take on 500 new apprentices . Ahead of their campaign visit today , Baroness Brady said : ` David Cameron 's commitment to delivering more apprenticeships is a fantastic boost for the long-term prospects of our young people . ' She added : ` With 2.2 million starting since 2010 and another 3million more to start over the next five years , each apprenticeship is a chance for young people to master a trade , learn on the job and take home money in your pocket each week . ` They 've become more rigorous and respected too : we 've got young people building engines for jet planes , working on massive engineering projects , innovating in science labs . '