Steven Finn believes he has rediscovered the form that made him one of the most exciting fast-bowling prospects in England . Finn was overlooked for the West Indies tour , but has spent time since the World Cup working on his run-up -- and watching videos of his best spells as a reminder of why he became the youngest English bowler to take 50 Test wickets . ` I 've had my trials and tribulations over the last 12 months , ' he said . ` But I feel everything at the crease is as I want it to be . Steven Finn believes he 's regained his previous best form and is ready to push for an England place . Finn admits he 's ` had my trials and tribulations over the last 12 months ' but he 's got his ` head straight ' Finn smiles as he helps launch ECB 's Club Open Days on Tuesday at Brondesbury Cricket Club . ` My running style is something I 've had my issues with -- kneeing the stumps and shortening my run-up , which is what c ** ked me up , really . It 's about trying to get it back to being natural . ` We 've got footage that I use when I 've been bowling at my best . When I was running up as a carefree 21-year-old , I just legged it into the crease . ` It was natural , and I bowled quickly , consistently . My bowling 's looking pretty similar to that at the moment . ' Finn 's claims will be music to the selectors ' ears as they begin to fret about England 's fast-bowling stocks . Finn says he 's been watching footage of when he was on the top of his form and is returning to that style . Finn 's form return comes at a good time as England 's fast bowling stocks are starting to worry selectors . The 26-year-old Finn has played only one Championship game for Middlesex this season , but insisted he felt ready to add to his 23 Test caps , the last of which he won back in 2013 . ` I do n't feel I 'd have done myself a disservice had I been on the West Indies trip , ' he said . ` In the World Cup , if you take out the wickets against Australia , I was taking proper wickets -- lbw , bowled , caught behind . ` Coming back to Middlesex and getting my head straight has n't been the worst thing . I 'm gutted I 'm not in the West Indies , but this is the next best thing . ' This summer more than 1000 cricket clubs will take part in Club Open Days , supported by Waitrose -- register your club at ecb.co.uk / clubopendays .