Jack Nicklaus recorded his first ever hole-in-one at the Masters on Wednesday , as Camilo Villegas fired two in the space of five holes but still could not win the traditional par-three contest . Villegas holed out on the fourth and eighth as he finished alongside Kevin Streelman on five under par , only to find water on the eighth when he played it again as the third play-off hole . Kevin Streelman holds his trophy aloft after winning the Par-3 Contest on a play-off against Camilo Villegas . Streelman therefore became the latest player to be saddled with the ` curse ' of the par-three champion , with no player ever becoming par-three and Masters champion in the same year . However , that was placed firmly into perspective thanks to his 11-year-old caddie Ethan Couch , who has a benign but inoperable brain tumour . Streelman found Couch via the Make-a-Wish Foundation and invited him to be his caddie in the light-hearted curtain-raiser . Augusta National 's par-three course traditionally hosts the contest the day before start of the major . ` It was a really fun day , especially to have Ethan with me here , ' Streelman said . ` This is n't about me today . It 's about helping him out and showing him a great day . ' Villegas said : ` I 've made a few hole-in-ones , but it 's pretty special to make them here . The second one , we were a little more emotional there . We just kind of jumped . ' Nicklaus had earlier holed out with an eight iron from 123 yards on the fourth , his ball landing around 15 feet past the pin and spinning back into the hole . Woods played in the Masters par-three contest at Augusta National for the first time in 11 years . That took the 75-year-old six-time champion to three under par , but he would bogey the fifth and hit two balls into the water on the ninth to end his hopes of an unlikely triumph . Former US Open champion Curtis Strange reminded Nicklaus of the tradition that players who make a hole-in-one have to buy the drinks in the clubhouse when Nicklaus walked past the ESPN commentary position . ` Send me a bill , ' Nicklaus replied . The Masters official Twitter account shared an image of Rory McIlroy and Tiger Woods with Niall Horan . The 18-time major winner added on ESPN : ` I never had a hole in one at Augusta , in the par three -LRB- contest -RRB- or on the golf course . Doing an interview this morning I said all I have to do is go out there , make a hole-in-one and win the par three . I had it three under and then choked . ' Since the contest started in 1960 , nobody has ever become par-three and Masters champion in the same week , a fact which sometimes sees players deliberately not shoot the best score possible . Most treat it as light relief and invite family or friends to act as their caddies , including Tiger Woods this year for the first time since 2004 . Woods had his children Charlie and Sam on his bag and made sure he could not win the event by getting daughter Sam to tap in for par on the sixth . Jack Nicklaus -LRB- centre -RRB- with Ben Crenshaw -LRB- left -RRB- and Gary Player -LRB- right -RRB- during the Par-3 Contest . ` We had an absolutely great time . These were memories for a lifetime , ' said Woods , who was also accompanied by girlfriend Lindsey Vonn . He later added on Twitter : ` I 'll always have memories of my pop at Augusta and now Sam & Charlie . An amazing day . ' Tournament favourite Rory McIlroy had One Direction singer Niall Horan acting as his caddie and Horan proved he should stick to singing after badly hooking a tee shot on the ninth into the water . ` I apologise to golf , ' Horan joked . ` I do perform to a lot of people but we were performing to their parents today ! There was a lot of pressure . ' McIlroy , who is looking to become the sixth player to complete the career grand slam by winning a first Masters title on Sunday , added : ` I wanted to do this because it 's a big week for me and just to go into the tournament in a relaxed mood . To spend a couple of hours like this was fun . '