An Indian-style bungalow that was built in Sussex in the Victorian era and preserved to maintain its 1880s facade has gone on the market for £ 1million . Pleasaunce Cottage in Dormans Park near East Grinstead has been lovingly upheld to how its first owners intended it in the 19th Century . With wood paneling on indoor ceilings and a large veranda at its front , the unique property is one of the first ever bungalows built in the country . It has gone on the market for £ 985,000 , with historians eager to put it forward for listing to further protect its heritage . Pleasaunce Cottage in Dormans Park in East Grinstead has gone on sale for almost £ 1million . The property is one of the last surviving bungalows in Britain that were built on the design of Victorian houses in India . An early photograph of the house shows how it has been lovingly preserved by its owners since its construction in the late 19th Century . Inside , original oak panelling adorns the ceilings and walls . The double height living room is one of the house 's main features with a quirky gallery serving as a make-shift office . A sketch of the property 's main sitting room shows how its Victorian design has been maintained to how architects originally intended it . Built in the 1880s by RA Briggs , known as Bungalow Briggs , the property is not all split over one level as modern bungalows are today . At the time the term was used to describe small , country homes used by the wealthy upper classes as a retreat to escape the heat of pulsing Indian cities . The design soon infiltrated British architecture . Briggs , a renowned architect , published his interpretation of the style in the 1891 book Bungalows and Country Residences . A hallmark of the traditional Indian-Victorian bungalow was a large veranda at the front of a property like the one found at Pleasaunce Cottage . Set over 2,542 sq ft , the house has four bedrooms , four reception rooms and a cellar . The main sitting room is double height with a gallery and the original inglenook fireplace . Its current owner has lived in the property for more than 30 years , having bought the house in 1983 . Unlike bungalows as they are referred to today , the property is set over three levels . The original term was not exclusive to one-storey properties , instead referring to mountain retreats favoured by the Upper Classes . An architect 's drawing of the property in the 20th Century . Historians are eager to put the house forward for listing to further protect its heritage . One of the house 's most distinct features is its large veranda at the front . These were a common feature among Victorian properties in India . The house 's current owner said she fell in love with its unique design and layout when she bought it in 1983 and has tried to preserve its character . Other unique features which make the property so notable are two stained glass windows that have Victorian messages inscribed on them . One of the four bedrooms in the house that is set over more than 2,000 sq ft. Original oak and wood flooring has been maintained . The property has four bedrooms , four reception rooms and two bathrooms , one of which is en-suite . It is being sold for £ 985,000 . ` It 's a great place , I fell in love with it 32 years ago and I still love it after all these years , ' said Marian Parker , 60 . ` The big drawing room is double height and has this little gallery which I use as a study . The room opens on to the veranda and is a lovely room with lots of light in summer but it also has an open fireplace and is really cosy in winter . ` It looks very different from the front to the back . From the front it looks like a normal bungalow but when you go round to the back it looks like a three-storey house because you can see the cellar . ' With two stained glass windows and an original oak panelling in the hall and lounge , historians are eager to put the property forward to be listed . Dr Kathryn Ferry , an architectural historian and author of the book Bungalows , said : ` This is one of the earliest surviving bungalows in Britain and certainly one of the most important . ` What makes this one so significant is it was part of a bungalow settlement as if built in India on a hill station where the colonial British went to escape from the heat of the cities , sitting on their verandas in the cool breeze . ` There are a couple of bungalows in the development left but this one is the most original . ` Bungalows were n't about single storey living , they were more of a leisure house and this exemplifies that . Bungalows are n't just boring suburban homes . ` It is not listed but it ought to be . We ca n't put it forward for listing yet in case it puts off buyers . But hopefully whoever does buy it will appreciate its importance enough to support a bid to list it . ' The house is being sold by Hamptons International for £ 985,000 and has not yet attracted any offers . A view of the property from one of its gardens . It is set over almost one acre of land in the Sussex countryside in East Grinstead . While the house is one of many of the same style built in the area by architect RA Briggs , historians have described it as one of the best remaining examples of a Victorian-Indian bungalow .