A schoolboy with a rare illness which means he is allergic to sunlight has been racially abused in the street because of the brown suncream he has to wear . James Creag , 11 , is so sick of being taunted that he has stopped putting on the special cream - meaning that it is not safe for him to go outside . He suffers from the condition Erythropoietic Protoporphyria , whose victims are nicknamed ` real-life vampires ' because their skin can not be exposed to direct sunlight . James Creag must use the special brown suncream -LRB- pictured -RRB- as he suffers from a rare sunlight allergy . He suffers from the condition Erythropoietic Protoporphyria , which means he suffers from terrible sunburn -LRB- pictured -RRB- when exposed to sunlight . James , from Salford in Greater Manchester , was given Dundee Reflective Sunscreen , a thick brown paste which blocks out the light . But when strangers shouted out abuse such as ` chocolate face ' and ` you 're coloured ' because of his unusual appearance , he refused to wear it any more . His mother Claire , 34 , said : ` When he had the cream on he was called names - the kind of names a racist would say . I do n't know why . ` It was either ignorance or evilness . People think he 's different so they taunted him . It 's so cruel . I hate that people take the mickey out of him . ` The cream was meant to protect him but he 's stopped wearing it now . ' The unfortunate schoolboy has to wear a long-sleeved shirt , trousers , and gloves in all weather so he is not harmed by the sun , which would be like having ` boiling water poured on him ' . However , his condition can also can flare up when he is inside , so his parents have installed specially dimmed windows to block out the sun 's rays . ` His school got new lightbulbs in October , ' Mrs Creag said . ` Immediately he started getting pins and needles and his body swelled up . He was in agony , I was so worried . ` It turned out he was suffering a reaction to the new daylight bulb lights . The school put a special coating over them and now he is lots better . Family : James with his mother Claire and younger sister Grace , who does not have the condition . EPP occurs when there is a build-up of a chemical called protoporphyrin in the blood . The skin is more sensitive to longer ultraviolet wavelengths -LRB- UVA -RRB- and to visible light . It is caused by a shortage of an enzyme in the body that normally converts the protoporphyrin into a substance called haem . As a result of this enzyme deficiency , protoporphyrin levels build up in the blood . As blood passes through the skin , the protoporphyrin absorbs the energy from sunlight and this sets off a chemical reaction that can slightly damage surrounding tissues . The nerve endings in the skin interpret this as itching or burning pain , and if the blood vessels are affected , they can leak fluid , causing swelling . The condition is hereditary and symptoms include developing tingling , itching and burning when exposed to sunlight . There is currently no cure . Source : British Skin Foundation . She added : ` He was first diagnosed when he was two . He was playing football in the garden with my husband , Daniel . ` But after half an hour outside , they came running towards me , James screaming . He said his hands hurt . They had swollen up so much they looked like boxing gloves . ` I put them under the cold tap and looked at him . His skin was red hot and burning . It was far worse than sunburn - his hands were three times the size . ' The family visited their GP , who suggested that James might be allergic to grass . ` He was given steroid tablets to help with the swelling and we were sent away , ' his mother said . ` But it kept happening and I took James to the doctors three times that week . ` Painkillers and allergy tablets did n't help . Every time he was outside , any exposed skin became red raw , his face and hands would swell up . He would scream in pain and no sun cream made any difference . ' Eventually he was referred to hospital and diagnosed with the rare condition . ` We were told to wrap him up and use the special cream , ' Mrs Creag added . ` So , even if it 's overcast , James still wears a hat , scarf and gloves to cover every inch of his skin . The Dundee cream is so important . ' She spoke of her joy at discovering that her daughter Grace had not inherited the illness despite the genetic risks - and paid tribute to James for his bravery . ` Even after all he 's been through James is brilliant , ' Mrs Creag said . ` He is your typical 11-year-old lad . Even when he is flaring up , he just shrugs his shoulders . I admire him . ` He always wears a hat too He just puts up with it though . He 's so brave and does n't let it get him down . Even though other kids can play football in the sunshine . ' Mrs Creag continued : ` Doctors said his EPP was an inherited condition . Daniel had a variant gene , I had a mutant gene . So when I fell pregnant with Grace I was terrified she 'd be born with EPP too . ` Luckily she was n't . '