Purvi Patel , pictured , was jailed for 20 years for feticide and neglect of a dependent following a hearing at South Bend , Indiana . A 33-year-old woman who took abortion drugs she bought on the internet to cause a miscarriage and disposed of her fetus in a dumpster has been jailed for 20 years . Purvi Patel , 33 , of Granger , Indiana has been jailed after she was convicted on charges of feticide and neglect of a dependent . St Joseph Superior Court heard that Ms Patel attended St Joseph 's Hospital in Mishawaka , Indiana on July 13 , 2013 soon after giving birth . After arriving at the hospital , she denied that she had even been pregnant , even though medical staff found an umbilical cord attached to her . According to court documents : ` Concerned for the child 's welfare , doctors continued to question Purvi Patel of the whereabouts of the child . Eventually , she told the medical staff that she had delivered a baby in her home in Granger , Indiana . ` She further told the medical staff that she did not see the child breathing or moving and believed it to be dead . ` Purvi Patel told the medical staff that she put the dead body in a bag and placed it in a dumpster behind the Super Target . She further told medical personnel that she was roughly two months along and had a miscarriage . ' The court heard that Dr Kelly McGuire drove to the Super Target store and began searching the dumpsters , having informed St. Joseph County Police . Officers recovered the body in a dumpster behind Moe 's Southwest Grill . According to Forensic Pathologist Dr Joseph Prahlow , the body was 12.2 inches long and weighed 1.46 pounds . His report claimed ` the child had been born alive and had taken a breath ' . Court records showed that police examined Ms Patel 's mobile phone and was able to extract some evidence . According to Detective Galen Pelletier of County Metro Homicide Unit : ` In her text messages , officers found that on June 19 , 2013 , Purvi Patel admitted to this friend that she was over 60 days pregnant . She also admitted that she had obtained two drugs from Hong Kong , in an attempt to abort the child . ` Purvi Patel told his friend that she began taking the drugs on July 10 , 2013 . ' St Joseph Superior Court heard that Ms Patel , pictured , purchased abortion drugs from Hong Kong online . Ms Patel , pictured , told medics that she gave birth to a stillborn and disposed of the body in a dumpster . Ms Patel 's lawyer Jeff Sanford said his client was planning to appeal the case within 30 days . Medics claimed the first drug would induce labor while the second was designed to end the life of the fetus , however , only if it was less than nine weeks old . Justice Elizabeth Hurley gave Ms Patel a 30-year jail term for neglect , suspending the final ten . She also handed down a six-year term on the feticide charge which will run concurrently . Handing down the sentence , Judge Hurley said : ` You Ms. Patel , are an educated woman of considerable means . If you wished to terminate your pregnancy safely and legally , you could have done so . You planned a course of action and took matters into your own hands . ' According to the South Bend Tribune , prosecutors had urged Judge Hurley to hand down a 40-year jail term . Judge Hurley said she considered Ms Patel 's lack of prior criminal history and remorse , but condemned her for treating the baby ` literally as a piece of trash ' . Chief Deputy Prosecutor Mark Roule said Ms Patel could have sought help for the infant . ` His only chance at survival was his mother . In this case , the mother did nothing , left him on the floor to die and threw him in the trash . ' Her lawyer Jeff Sanford said Ms Patel was planning to appeal the case .