Crystal Palace boss Alan Pardew joked Glenn Murray has a ` bionic ' knee and hopes the striker can continue to torment Premier League defences . Murray missed the majority of last season after rupturing a cruciate knee ligament as Palace won promotion to the Premier League via the play-offs in 2013 . The 31-year-old has netted five goals in five games , including in last Monday 's defeat of Manchester City , to earn the best goals-per-minute ratio of anyone in the top-flight . Glenn Murray wheels away after scoring the winner for Crystal Palace against Manchester City . The Eagles striker has scored five in five games since returning from a serious knee injury . Pardew said : ` What he did surprise me with on Monday night is his aerial ability . He really was outstanding . ` I do n't know if he 's got a bionic knee , but he 's got an extra spring from somewhere . ' Pardew says the Cumbrian has many qualities - pace is not among them - and may have had to adapt his game , like Alan Shearer did , after serious injuries . ` Glenn has had to change his game a little bit and he goes to Sunderland , goals per minute , as the best striker in the Premier League , ' Pardew added . ` That is great for him , it really is . It is a great tag for him and he can try and keep it for as long as he can . ' Alan Pardew has impressed by Murray 's aerial ability , which he claims is down to being fitted with a new knee . The Toon boss believes the Cumbrian forward is reaping rewards from a loan spell with Reading . Pardew believes he is reaping the rewards of Murray being given a chance to find his feet at Reading earlier this season . Murray scored eight goals in 18 games for the Royals , before committing to Palace on Pardew 's arrival in January . ` In defending that decision , of Neil Warnock and the board here , of him going out on loan , he probably did need a few games and it 's difficult to get them in the Premier League , ' Pardew said . ` In a way the loan , which I think was perceived as a negative by our fans , might not have been a bad thing . I 'm obviously getting the benefit of that . '