When Utah photographer Alan Lawrence learned that his newborn son , Wil , had Down Syndrome his ` mind was flooded with many emotions , most of which were not positive . ' Now , 18 months later , Lawrence tells ABC that little Wil ` brings a light to our family . ' He said he once believed having a child with Down Syndrome would put limits on what he and his family could accomplish . Instead , Lawrence said , little Wil has taken the limits off and ` opened so many doors ' for his family In return , the father of five has taken the limits off the child and given him a one-of-a-kind ability . The ability to fly . Scroll down for video . ` Wil Can Fly : ' A Utah photographer , Alan Lawrence -LRB- left -RRB- , created a photo series in which his 18-month-old son , Wil -LRB- right -RRB- , who has Down Syndrome appears to be flying . The father created a photo series called ` Wil Can Fly ' in which the toddler appears to be flying in many different scenes . Lawrence , who began taking the photos when Wil was just months old , created the illusion by holding his son up in the photos and later cropping himself out . He posted the photos on his blog -- That Dad Blog -- and later on his Instagram account . After receiving positive feedback , Lawrence decided to compile the photos in a calendar and plans to donate half the proceeds to two Down Syndrome foundations , KSL reports . The family recently started a Kickstarter campaign . ` When Wil was little , he would lie on his stomach and raise his arms and legs like he was flying . It was n't something any of my other kids did , ' Lawrence told ABC . ` We all said , ` Look , he 's flying ! ' Lawrence said his goal is to raise awareness about Down Syndrome . He admitted in his blog that he and his wife Nikki knew very little about the disorder when Wil was born in October 2013 . The father said he hopes to photograph Wil ` flying ' in other destinations to raise more awareness . He also told ABC he hopes to help people overseas who do not have access to the same level of care through his YouTube channel by posting therapy tutorials . Wil the Examiner : Here , Wil examines his brother 's hair using a wooden spoon . Wil Flies Away : Here , Wil flies away leaving his father in his dust . Wil checks himself out in the mirror first thing in the morning . Wil is Hungry : Here , Wil hovers over his high-chair as his mother feeds him . Wil in the Forest : Wil flies through the forest . Wil Over Chickens : Here , Wil flies over chickens . Wil With Bubbles : Here , Wil appears to kiss a bubble as he floats in the air . Wil in Stripes : Here , Wil flies in the air above a field . Soaring , Flying : Here , Wil soars above a grassy field with mountains in the distance . Wil Faces a Dinosaur : Here , Wil comes face-to-face with a Tyrannosaurus Rex . Wil Escapes the Cart : Here , Wil floats above his mother 's cart in the cereal aisle at a grocery store . Wil Gets a Better Look : Here , Wil floats above his sister 's head as she reads ` Peter Pan ' Wil Does n't Need A Bike : Here , Wil floats above the other kids on their bikes . Wil Flies in the Sunlight : Here , Wil flies in a forest as sunlight breaks through the trees . .