Toby Alderweireld is ignoring the background noise about his future , such is the on-loan defender 's determination to complete Southampton 's ` special season ' by securing European qualification . Eyebrows were raised last summer when the 26-year-old moved to St Mary 's on a season-long loan , just months after playing for Atletico Madrid in the Champions League final . Alderweireld 's form on the south coast has attracted interest from the likes of Manchester City and Tottenham , but Ronald Koeman 's side have the option to make the deal permanent for just £ 6.8 million . Toby Alderweireld has been in superb form this season at Southampton since joining on loan from Atletico . The Belgium international has expressed a desire to stay at Saints , but the waters are muddied by Atletico 's ability to nullify the buy-out clause by paying them £ 1.5 million . Jose Luis Perez Caminero recently indicated the Primera Division club would invoke that clause , saying Diego Simeone 's men were counting on him for next term , but Alderweireld is unclear whether he will be at St Mary 's , the Vicente Calderon or elsewhere . ` I saw something in the Spanish papers , ' said Alderweireld . ` I do n't know , I did n't hear from them . We will see . ` It is not -LRB- frustrating -RRB- because it does not matter what they say , what is in the papers . ` I am just focused on Southampton and we are playing for a European spot , so it is going to be a special season . ` I am focused , I am happy here , so , yeah , no problem for me . ' Alderweireld has been one of Southampton 's best players in a remarkable season . Many predicted a relegation battle for Koeman 's men , yet Saturday 's 2-0 win against Hull saw them equal the record Premier League points tally of 56 set last year . Last season Alderweireld was playing in the Champions League final for his parent club , and he could return . ` It is has been a very nice season , ' Alderweireld said . ` We like to play football , we have a good team and we have good results . ` We are playing for the European spots so I am happy . ' The win over Hull was unconvincing but gave Southampton 's faint top-four hopes a boost . Bettering the fifth place of 1985 looks a big ask but not impossible after James Ward-Prowse 's penalty and a late Graziano Pelle strike . ` We just have to look to ourselves and not to look to other teams , ' Alderweireld said . ` We know we have six games left , so it is going to be a hard sprint . ` The games are all tough , like next week Stoke away . It is a very difficult game , but we are going to try and win our games . The Belgian defender tackles Stephen Quinn , and says he is ignoring rumours about going back to Spain . ` We know we have Tottenham at home so we can do good business , but first we have to go to Stoke and that is going to be difficult . ' The result leaves Hull further in the mire given they face an unenviable run of fixtures from now until the end of the season . City have a two-week break before their next match at Crystal Palace , where Michael Dawson knows they need to put Saturday 's disappointment behind them . ` It is a massive disappointment , ' the Hull skipper said . ` The first half , I thought we got right at them and I think Harps -LRB- goalkeeper Steve Harper -RRB- probably made one save . ` We were hoping to do the same in the second , but goals change games , big decisions in games . Alderweireld is focused on European qualification , and Saints took another step towards that goal against Hull . ` The yellow card incident where Alex -LRB- Bruce -RRB- is covered in claret , where -LRB- Graziano Pelle -RRB- has caught him flush straight in the face , that for me is a red card , but obviously with the penalty the ref got that right . Two big decisions . ` There was a lot more chances created by us than them , but at the end of the day we go away with no points which is a massive disappointment for us . ` The teams in and around us are winning , so it 's about ourselves . We need to starting picking up some points . ' Hull captain Michael Dawson admitted that his team need to start picking up points if they are to survive .