Czech immigrants were trafficked into the UK by a Roma family on the promise of a ` better life ' were forced to work for free and sleep in cupboards , a court was told . The victims were lured to Britain but were ` treated like dogs ' - being made to urinate in buckets and live and eat outside in winter , prosecutors say . The jury heard how the workers were kept under duress amid fears for the safety of their families back home and sent to work in dog food factories , food plants and car washes in Plymouth , Devon . But they were made to give over all their wages , forced to eat outside during the winter and do housework to pay off ` loans ' for their board and passage , a jury heard . Accused : Petr Tancos -LRB- left -RRB- and sister Ruzena Tancosova -LRB- right -RRB- are on trial for people trafficking in Plymouth . The allegations of their shocking treatment were made during a trial of five family members at Plymouth Crown Court . Ruzena Tancosova , 34 , brother Petr Tancos , 35 , cousin Martin Tancos , 35 , Nela Dzurkova , 26 , and Katerina Kurejova , 35 , all of Plymouth , are charged with people trafficking . All deny the charges . Police say victims would be threatened with violence by the gang who pocketed their wages and benefits - believed to be around £ 150,000 - and even made them shoplift . Malcolm Galloway , for the Crown Prosecution Service , said the five defendants , all members of an extended Czech Roma family , brought the immigrants over . He said a neighbour also saw one standing by and directing one of the men to cut grass with a kitchen knife . He said : ` These defendants entered into a criminal agreement to traffick other Czech nationals into the UK and then exploit them for financial benefit . ' Mr Galloway said : ` They -LRB- the immigrants -RRB- came with a promise of good pay , a job and a future . ' Mr Galloway said the family used various methods to exploit the men - including for example putting a notice on the toilet door charging £ 1 for its use . But the court heard that the men were also threatened with violence if they failed to comply . He said : ` They would put them up in their houses in Plymouth . The Czech nationals would sometimes have to sleep on the floor , outside in the garage . ` They would have to urinate in buckets and eat outside . ' He added that police started surveillance after two immigrants went to the authorities . Officers then searched their properties on September 16 last year . The court heard one man , Josef Bukovinsky , told police he had been ` living with the gypsies ' in the Czech Republic before he was ` sold to Ruzena ' -LRB- Tancosova -RRB- . On trial : Nela Dzurkova -LRB- left -RRB- and Katerina Kurejova -LRB- right -RRB- are part of a Roma family accused of illegally trafficking Czech migrants into the UK and ` treating them like dogs ' Mr Galloway said he was one of 11 men who lived with Tancosova in less than three years at a former address in Plymouth . All five defendants are charged with conspiracy to traffic individuals into the country for the purpose of exploitation between April 6 , 2013 , and September 16 , 2014 . Tancosova , Petr Tancos and Dzurkova are also charged with the same offence again but applying to an earlier period between January 1 , 2010 , and April 5 , 2013 . Tancosova and Martin Tancos are further accused of acting as gangmasters in supplying workers to pack agricultural products . Tancosova and Petr Tancos also allegedly required a person to perform forced or compulsory labour between 2010 and 2014 . Mr Galloway told the trial that Tancos was seen by neighbours at different addresses to supervise the immigrants . He said a neighbour of Tancos and partner and co-defendant Nela Dzurkova spotted three men apparently living in their garage . The woman told police she saw Dzurkova passing food out of the kitchen window to men who stood in the garden of the house eating from trays in winter . He said : ` She also saw Petr Tancos standing by and directing one of the men to cut the grass with a kitchen knife . ' He said the man was on his hands and knees . Mr Galloway said the neighbour noticed that Petr Tancos encouraged his children to throw stones at the men . She estimated that between 10 and 12 men lived at the home at different times . Mr Galloway said another immigrant , Miroslav Ritter , stayed with Petr Tancos and Dzurkova at their last address . He added : ` He slept , in his words , like a dog under the window in the living room , in a gap between the table and window . ` He slept on the carpet with a blanket and a pillow . ' Jan Banyak told police he stayed at the home of Martin Tancos and Kurejova and £ 600 a month in rent to sleep on the kitchen floor . Mr Banyak believed that he earned about £ 250 a week working in a factory , but he did not know where the money went . He only received about £ 10 from Martin Tancos . Mr Galloway said : ` He told the police they usually had to eat outside . There were 10 of them and Katerina Kurejova did not want them inside as there were only two rooms . They eat mostly tinned food . ' He added that when police raided the address , they found two other men sleeping on mattresses , under the stairs and in the kitchen . Mr Galloway said Tancosova , who had four bank accounts , pocketed £ 86,517 in benefits over four years and eight months . He added : ` The credit turnover for the accounts , including benefit payments , amounted to £ 148,923 . ' Mr Galloway said police had not been able to trace everyone they suspected of staying at the rented homes of the family . The trial continues . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .