An unidentified college student managed to get away without any kind of punishment after cops caught her drinking underage at a festival - because she beat them at a game of Rock Paper Scissors . A video posted on social media site Vine by a user known as Old Row , shows the girl surrounded by her fellow festival goers at Texas-based country music festival Chilifest last weekend , facing up to three officers who are believed to have busted her for drinking , before challenging her to a round of the beloved playground game . Seconds after the college student shows a clenched fist - or a ` rock ' - to the three officers , one of whom chose ` scissors ' as his option , thereby claiming a victory , the crowd erupts into cheers of joy and celebration , while the victor is left completely speechless with relief . Rock : An anonymous college student -LRB- pictured -RRB- is thought to have escaped without a ticket for underage drinking after she beat a police officer in a game of Rock Paper Scissors . The clip was captioned : ` These cops let her play rock paper scissors to not get arrested . She won . Gig 'em . #chilifest -LSB- sic -RSB- ' Since being posted on Monday , the Vine has been viewed more than 500,000 times , receiving a total of 5,000 likes . In addition to the video , a gif of the incident was also posted on Reddit , with many former Texas a & m students using the thread in order to express their disbelief at the leniency of the three officers involved . ` The police at Chilifest -LRB- Texas country music festival near College Station , TX -RRB- are notorious for giving tickets to minors , ' one user , posting under the name of i _ am _ bromega , said . Tension : The young girl , who is though to be a student at Texas student & m University in College Station , had one chance to beat the officers . Pure joy : As soon as she realized that she had won , the college student was left speechless with relief . Caught on camera : A video posted on social media site Vine shows the entire incident . ` I was over the legal drinking age when I went , but we did have a fun story involving the police . ` Several of us were passed out in lawn chairs under the tent for our booth . I was jolted awake by three officers yelling in my face `` STEVE ! STEVE ! ARE YOU STEVE ?! '' ` I nearly fell over thoroughly confused , and managed to toss my wallet at them in a hung over attempt to prove they had the wrong guy . They all start laughing and move on to the next guy yelling the same thing until they woke up . ` There was nobody named Steve , they just got a kick out of waking us up -LSB- sic -RSB- . ' She won ! Vine user Old Row commented alongside the clip to explain the circumstances of the game . Say goodbye ! Following the game , the three police officers can be seen walking off into the crowds . Celebration : A group of onlookers erupts into cheers of joy as soon as the victory was claimed . A second user , who goes by the Reddit name Emptyparachute , added : ` This is Chilifest at Texas a & m . This girl is lucky as hell . ` Every time I hear a story about Chilifest it starts with : `` That one time at Chilifest before I got a MIP/PI/etc . '' -LSB- sic -RSB- ' The gif , which has now been shared across numerous social media sites , shows the girl shortly after her victory being embraced by a friend , who is , according to the Daily Dot , wearing a T-shirt printed with the logo of sorority Tri Delta . It is currently not known which station the police officers were from ; original reports stated that they were members of the College Station police force , however a spokesperson from the station confirmed to Daily Mail Online that they did not have any officers on duty at the festival .