A senior high school in China has installed metal bars on all balconies after two pupils committed suicide in six months . Web users suggested the fence was put up by school authorities to prevent more pupils from jumping off the building , the People 's Daily Online reports . Hengshui No 2 Middle School is an ` exemplary school ' in Hebei Province in central China . With nearly 10,000 pupils and more than 500 teachers , the boarding school is well-known for its outstanding academic achievement . Behind bars : Hengshui No. 2 Middle school is accused of making itself look like a prison in order to prevent students from committing suicide . A large number of the school 's pupils are admitted by top universities every year , which inspires parents from across the country to send their children to study there in order to have a ` bright future ' . Two pupils from the school plunged to death , one in October and one in March . Both were reported to be third-grade pupils , who were at their final year at Hengshui before taking the university entrance examination . Pictures of the school 's new balcony fence first appeared last week on Weibo , China 's equivalent of Twitter . A Weibo user named ` Nicky Wu from the East ' posted this set of images on April 16th . ` In order to prevent pupils from jumping off the building , Hengshui Middle School has spent a fortune , ' wrote the user . Tragic : Two pupils from the school have plunged to death since last October , causing public outcry . Another user named Mr Chen Zonghe commented : ` This is indeed a school , but in order to stop pupils from taking their lives , it has made itself look like a prison . ' Causes of the two suicides were not officially reported by Chinese media , but many suspect they were linked to the aggressive teaching style the school is famous for . The campus is run with a military-style management . All students must get up at 5:30 and study 10 hours a day . All meals must be finished within 15 minutes and toilet breaks are less than three minutes , according to Xinhua News Agency . Students are given one holiday every three weeks . Stressful : Banners are hung throughout the campus to impress pupils that only success is allowed . Various videos online also show how the school trains pupils like exam machines . Banners are hung throughout the campus , bearing inspiring slogans such as ` key to the success of the university entrance examination is to succeed in every day , every subject and every question ' . In an ` oath-taking ceremony ' held for the third-grade , thousands of pupils are seen standing on the playground wearing uniforms yelling ` I must succeed ' unanimously and repeatedly . The education authority of Hengshui told Chinese media they have noticed the pictures of the so called ` anti-suicide bars ' in No 2 Middle School and they are currently investigating the case .