These images capture to work of Japan 's ` lonely death ' squads , who specialise is clearing out the properties of elderly people who die alone and go unnoticed by their families for weeks or months . Taken in the capital Tokyo , the images show clean-up crews entering rubbish-strewn buildings where the lonely victims spent their final days . Although police officers will have already removed the often badly decomposed bodies , the majority of the houses are still packed with signs of a once active life - including unwashed dinner plates , unopened letters and calenders several years out of date . Scroll down for video . Saddest job : Taken in Tokyo , the images show clean-up crews entering rubbish-strewn buildings where lonely victims spent their final days . Steam-clean : A worker for special cleaning makes uses insecticides smoke to kill flies in a rubbish-filled flat in Tokyo . Grim : Hundreds of flies are seen at a rubbish-filled flat in Tokyo where the body of an 85 year-old man was left for over a month . Treated with respect : Hirotsugu Masuda prays before entering the Tokyo flat where an 85 year-old man lay dead for over a month . Dirty : A filthy bathtub and toilet are seen the Tokyo flat . Specialist clean-up crews are on hand to cleanse these ` lonely death ' apartments . Lonely death : Thankfully , police officers will have already removed the often badly decomposed bodies before the cleaning teams arrive . In March , the body of an elderly man was found on the floor of his apartment in downtown Tokyo . He had been dead for a month . Neighbours had n't noticed the octogenarian 's absence . His bank made the rent payments on time , his family did n't visit , and the only reason for the body 's discovery was the slight smell that troubled the tenant in the flat below . In rapidly ageing Japan , more people are dying alone and unnoticed in a country of 127 million where one in four people is over 65 . Looser family bonds also play a role in their isolation . For these so-called ` lonely deaths ' , families and landlords in Tokyo are increasingly turning to Hirotsugu Masuda and his clean-up crew to salvage apartments where the occupant 's body lay undiscovered for days or weeks . ` This has started becoming a bit more common in the world and it 's become more recognized that there 's this sort of job , ' said Masuda , whose services are required 3-4 times a week in summer when bodies decompose faster . Unwanted : A watch and letters are left discarded at a flat in Tokyo where a body of an 85 year-old man was left for over a month . Filthy : The majority of the houses are still littered with unwashed dinner plates , unopened letters and calenders several years out of date . Packing it up : Workers for special cleaning put rubbish into a plastic bags at a rubbish-filled flat in Tokyo . A packet of condoms are seen discarded among other rubbish in a flat in Tokyo where an elderly man lay dead for over a month . Hirotsugu Masuda , a worker for special cleaning , checks belongings for documents to protect the owners family from identity theft . Cleaning away the past : A worker for a special cleaning team sweeps tatami flooring mats at the flat in Tokyo last month . In March , the body of an elderly man was found on the floor of this apartment in downtown Tokyo . He had been dead for a month . When Masuda 's team turns up at the Tokyo apartment , police have taken away the corpse but body fluids have seeped into the floor . Flies buzz around a cooker filled with rice . Old calendars and papers are strewn in rooms untouched for years . Workers wearing protective gear spray the apartment with insect repellent , using gloved hands to pack the trash in boxes . The six-hour exercise is conducted discreetly to avoid upsetting the neighbours . The crew tells onlookers they are moving house . When they are done , incense and flowers are placed where the body was , with the man 's photo put where his head had been . Masuda 's firm works almost exclusively with ` lonely deaths ' , charging between £ 450 and £ 2,000 depending on apartment size . Abandoned : Neighbours had n't noticed the octogenarian 's absence . His bank made the rent payments on time , his family did n't visit , and the only reason for the body 's discovery was the slight smell that troubled the tenant in the flat below . Taking the items away : A special cleaning worker loads a van with rubbish from a flat in Tokyo . Saying a prayer : In rapidly ageing Japan , more people are dying alone and unnoticed in a country of 127 million where one in four people is over 65 . Looser family bonds also play a role in their isolation . Special cleaning workers and 77-year-old flat landlord Yoshie Fukuhara -LRB- right -RRB- check belongings for documents . Flat landlord Yoshie Fukuhara , 77 , lays flowers as she prays at the spot where the body of an 85 year-old man was left for over a month . Farewell : For these so-called ` lonely deaths ' , families and landlords in Tokyo are increasingly turning to Hirotsugu Masuda and his clean-up crew to salvage apartments where the occupant 's body lay undiscovered for days or weeks . In a country where around five million elderly people live alone , the number of decaying bodies found in empty homes is expected to soar . Data shows victims are more likely to be male . ` There 's likely 40,000 of these cases and we think that in 10 years , it 's likely to go over 100,000 cases , ' said Hideto Kone , an NGO official working on such cases . Victims forgotten by families are not given a funeral and their remains are interred in unmarked graves . Yoshie Fukukara , landlord of the apartment where the tenant was found dead , still finds it hard to believe . ` I did n't think it would happen here , ' the 77-year-old said .