Hillary Clinton shaped State Department policy to reward big money foreign donors to her family foundation , an explosive new book written by a political foe will claim . According to author Peter Schweizer there is a clear trend of money flowing into the controversial Clinton Foundation and rewards emerging for donors - in forms such as free trade agreements and development projects . The claims against Clinton , Secretary of State from 2009-13 , are laid out in Clinton Cash , due to be published May 5th by HarperCollins . Bombshell : Clinton Cash , right , a new book by Peter Schweizer , is set to spell out a trend whereby big money donors to the Clinton Foundation found U.S. policies coming out of the State Department shift in their favor . Introducing the book , former George W Bush speechwriter said : ` We will see a pattern of financial transactions involving the Clintons that occurred contemporaneous with favorable U.S. policy decisions benefiting those providing the funds ' . The passage , and examples of the donations and decisions Schweizer analyzes , were published Sunday by the New York Times , which was given an advance copy of the book . The Times reported that Clinton Cash lists examples of the pattern including a free trade agreement in Colombia that benefited a donor with industrial interests there . It also cites development projects in Haiti after their devastating 2010 earthquake , and a $ 1million payment to Bill Clinton made by a Canadian shareholder in the Keystone XL oil pipeline while it was being discussed by State Department officials . Author : Peter Schweizer , pictured , researched donations made to Clinton 's foundation and was noted by the Times for ` meticulously ' documenting his sources . As well as contending that the Clintons favored donors to swell the coffers of the foundation , Schweizer also writes that some of the big-money deals ` put millions in their own pockets ' . Marketing information from HaperCollins includes more claims , citing ` the Clinton 's -LSB- sic -RSB- troubling dealings in Kazakhstan , Colombia , Haiti , and other places at the `` wild west '' fringe of the global economy . ' It continued that the book will see Schweizer raise ` serious questions of judgment , of possible indebtedness to an array of foreign interests , and ultimately , of fitness for high public office . ' The White House declined on Monday to categorically rule out the occurrence of any wrongdoing but said there 's no ` tangible evidence to indicate that it did . ' ` I 'm not gon na be in a position here , where every time somebody raises a spurious claim ... to sit down here and say that it 's not true , ' President Barack Obama 's spokesman , Josh Earnest , said . Earnest directed reporters who had further questions to Clinton 's presidential campaign . Clinton allies have characterized the book as simply the latest in a series of ` absurd conspiracy theories ' designed to derail Clinton 's 2016 campaign . According to the Times , Republican senators - including presidential candidates Rand Paul and Marco Rubio - have been briefed on the book 's findings , and are working them into their campaigns . Paul in particular has been unstinting in his criticism of Clinton , positioning himself as an anti-Hillary candidate before she even announced she was running . No more , please : In light of her presidential bid , the Clinton Foundation has stopped accepting donations from most governments - notably Saudi Arabia . Pictured above is Clinton while Secretary of State standing with her counterparts from Saudi Arabia -LRB- right -RRB- and Kuwait -LRB- left -RRB- . The Kentucky senator 's Twitter feed Sunday night included several references to foreign Clinton donations - and his official website includes a whistle-blowing form where members of the public can forward ` additional information ' to Paul 's campaign . In light of repeated attacks on the activities of the Clinton Foundation - which is named after Bill , Hillary and their daughter Chelsea - it recently stopped accepting money from all but six foreign governments . Clinton also resigned from the foundation 's board when she announced her presidential bid . After the moves , a spokesman said : ` By implementing this new , even stronger and more transparent policy , the Clinton Foundation is reinforcing its commitment to accountability while protecting programs that are improving the lives of millions of people around the world ' .