Suge Knight laughed in court on Thursday as he revealed he hopes Floyd Mayweather will bail him out after winning his next fight . The rap mogul was refused an appeal to have his bail reduced from $ 10 million to $ 5 million as he awaits trial for murder and attempted murder . Despite walking confidently into court , he had to be carted out in a wheelchair as Judge Ronald Coen rejected his pleas . But all is not lost for the co-creator of Death Row Records , who believes his close friend , the champion boxer Floyd Mayweather , will come to his aid this weekend . Scroll down for video . Laughing before murder trial : Suge Knight and his lawyer Matthew Fletcher were jovial in court on Thursday . Lifeline ? Knight 's attorney said he believes Mayweather will bail the rap mogul out when he wins on Saturday . Mayweather , an undefeated professional worth $ 420 million , is set to land a record pay check after going head-to-head with Manny Pacquiao on Saturday . Knight 's attorney Matthew Fletcher is confident part of that will come their way . ` My understanding is that Suge is going to be bailed out this coming week , ' Fletcher told the New York Daily News outside court . ` We think Mr. Mayweather is going to win the championship and then come champion the day again , ' he said . ` They 're good friends , and there 's no reason he should n't . And we believe that will happen . ' Los Angeles Superior Court 's Ronald Coen said Knight 's trial will begin July 7 unless a motion is made to continue it for a later date . Appearing distressed , Knight then had to be wheeled out of court in a wheelchair after the hearing . The 48-year-old has been plagued by medical ailments since being charged with murder and attempted murder in January . Appearing distressed , Knight then had to be wheeled out of court in a wheelchair . The 48-year-old has been plagued by medical ailments since being charged with murder and attempted murder in January - collapsing in court multiple times and routinely complaining of stomach problems . Coen set aside 16 court days to hear the case and said potential jurors will be prescreened about their ability to serve before they get to the courtroom . Knight pleaded not guilty to murder , attempted murder and hit-and-run charges filed after he killed one man and seriously injured another with his pickup outside a Compton burger stand in January .