Head coach John Carver admitted he was 'em barrassed ' by Newcastle 's capitulation at Sunderland after seeing his side slip to a fifth successive derby defeat . Jermain Defoe 's stunning strike was enough to secure a 1-0 victory for the Black Cats , who eased their relegation fears with just a third Barclays Premier League win of the season at the Stadium of Light . The Magpies were desperately poor before the break and only marginally better after it to leave Geordie Carver red-faced . John Carver was left embarrassed after Newcastle United 's 1-0 loss at Sunderland in the Tyne-Wear derby . Carver admitted Newcastle were second best in every department during a fifth straight derby defeat . Jermain Defoe scored a stunning volley for Sunderland to secure a vital win . He said : ` I am sitting here - do you think I 'm embarrassed ? I am absolutely embarrassed , yes I am . I am embarrassed to be part of it , yes , but I am a part of it and I have to deal with it . ` In the first-half , we were dreadful . I said before the game that no side of mine would be criticised for not closing people down , not working hard enough and I think I was wrong . ` We were second-best in every department , certainly the midfield areas and the front three . ` But what I will say is with a makeshift back four , they stuck by their guns , along with the goalkeeper , and actually kept us in the game because without those guys , we would have been in big trouble . ` If we 'd have got to half-time at 0-0 , I actually would have been doing somersaults in the dressing room . That 's how poor we were . ' Defoe smashed home his superb volley in first-half stoppage time to secure Sunderland 's victory . And Defoe 's goals sparked delirious scenes at the Stadium of Light as Sunderland claimed a massive win . The victory over Newcastle moved Sunderland three points clear of the Premier League relegation zone . Defoe 's superb volley in first-half stoppage time won the day for the Black Cats , who remained outside the relegation zone only by virtue of goal difference after Burnley 's goalless draw with Tottenham earlier in the day . Defoe blasted the ball past stranded keeper Tim Krul after Steven Fletcher had headed down keeper Costel Pantilimon 's long free-kick , but while Dick Advocaat 's men enjoyed the better of the game throughout , they were unable to extend their lead . They had to endure a tense conclusion during which Newcastle striker Ayoze Perez volleyed over from close range . Advocaat was delighted with his team 's effort and the quality they produced just when they needed it most , and was particularly pleased with the way Defoe and fellow frontmen Fletcher and Connor Wickham responded to his pre-match instructions . Dejected Newcastle United players Jonas Gutierrez -LRB- centre -RRB- and Mike Williamson -LRB- right -RRB- at the final whistle . Carver 's Sunderland counterpart , Dick Advocaat , was able to smile after winning his first Tyne-Wear derby . The Dutchman said : ` Before the game , I said something to our Scottish friend -LRB- Fletcher -RRB- : ` It 's time to do something now . You can do it for Scotland , but you have to do it here as well ' . ` And then Defoe came and I said , ` Do I have to say something to you or not ? ' , and he said , ` No , I know what I have to do ' . ` It 's a great boost for everybody . If you see them in the dressing room , they ca n't walk any more , they are so tired . If you see our three front players , the way they worked , it was something special . '