A Miami University of Ohio student killed by her boyfriend in February was shot in her own bed in a locked bedroom as she slept fully clothed , according to a grisly coroner 's report revealed Tuesday . Rebecca Eldemire , 21 , was shot repeatedly in the face with a .357 Magnum by her boyfriend , 27-year-old Larry Tipton . After shooting Eldemire twice , Tipton laid down face up beside her and fatally shot himself . ` On a desk within -LRB- Eldemire 's bedroom -RRB- is a two-page -LRB- suicide -RRB- note written by him , ' reads the report obtained by the Cincinnati Enquirer . Scroll down for video . Killed : Larry Tipton , left , fatally shot his ex-girlfriend , 21-year-old Rebecca Eldemire , right , before taking his own life in her off-campus apartment in Oxford , Ohio on Sunday morning . When Rebecca Eldemire called 911 the night before her murder for help getting away from her boyfriend , one painful excerpt reveals how naive the 21-year-old was to what her older boyfriend was capable of . Eldemire : I 'm having a bit of an issue with my boyfriend ... He 's coming in from out of town and wants to talk to me . He obviously knows where I live and I 'm just a little nervous about the situation . I broke up with him today . 911 Operator : OK , do you know , does he have any weapons or anything ? Eldemire : He does own guns , yes , but I do n't think he would bring any with him . Police officers left after Eldemire told them she was okay to handle Larry Tipton on her own . He murdered her the next morning before turning the gun on himself . Source : WCPO . Eldemire was not under the influence of drugs or alcohol , according to the report . She was shot at ` intermediate ' range , the report says -- meaning close enough to cause powder burns but not point blank . Investigators noted that they found no signs of struggle , the Enquirer reports . Tipton left a suicide note . Another note was found at his Columbus home . According to their Facebook pages , the couple had been dating for a few years and were pictured smiling together as recently as last month . The day before she was murdered , Eldemire contacted Oxford Police to say that she wanted protection from her ex-boyfriend , Sergeant Jon Varley of Oxford Police said at a press conference on Monday . Officers arrived and stopped Tipton in the parking lot of the apartment where Eldemire lived and on her request , they took him up to the home , Varley said . ` After a brief conversation , Eldemire told officers they could leave as they were no longer needed , ' he added , and the officers left . But at 8.45 am on Sunday , her roommates called police , who arrived and found the bodies and one gun inside the room , they said . Tipton , who was from Columbus , was not a student at the university . Eldemire , a double major of geography and geographical information systems , had one parent living in Maineville and another in Columbus , as well as a brother . Together : Eldemire , who started dating Lipton in 2012 , had called police to her apartment the day before her murder to protect her when he arrived . But after speaking with him , she sent the officers away , police said . She worked as a student supervisor at the library , and had spent a previous summer teaching students English in a remote village in Tanzania , the college said . Eldemire 's uncle , Stephen Wright , released a statement on behalf of her family . ` We are deeply saddened by the loss of our beautiful daughter Rebecca , ' it read . ` We appreciate all of the thoughts and prayers , but ask that you respect the family 's privacy at this time . ` The Rebecca C. Eldemire BEEPS -LRB- Betterment for Environmental and Earth Protection -RRB- Foundation will be created in her honor , striving toward Rebecca 's lifelong goal of creating a more sustainable planet . ' Tipton 's parents , who are often pictured with Eldemire on their Facebook pages , also released a statement following the deaths , WCPO reported . ` As you can imagine , this horrible tragedy has left our family in shock and absolutely heartbroken , ' Larry and MaryBeth Tipton said in a statement . ` To lose our son , and also Becca , whom we loved like a member of our family , is unthinkable . Scene : The next morning , her roommates heard loud bangs inside her bedroom and called police . Probe : Eldemire was not under the influence of drugs or alcohol , according to the report . She was shot at ` intermediate ' range , the report says -- meaning close enough to cause powder burns but not point blank . ` We ask that our privacy be respected as we cope with this as a family and appreciate the prayers and understanding of our friends and community . ' Eldemire 's death is the first homicide of a Miami University student in three decades , the Enquirer reported . ` This is a terrible tragedy , ' said Miami President David Hodge . ` Our hearts go out to the families and friends . It is an incredibly painful and sad time for Miami . ' Her family has set up a foundation in her memory called The Rebecca C. Eldemire BEEPS Foundation - Betterment for Environmental and Earth Protection . See below for video .