There are up to one million free-roaming dogs on Romania 's streets who are being hunted down by ` dog catchers ' and stuck in squalid state-run pounds where ` they are waiting to die ' . The ` euthanasia ' of strays was legalised by the Romanian parliament in September 2013 to help reduce a massive overpopulation . But a group of former models called the K-9 Angels have rescued hundreds of dogs from the streets where they would be savagely killed - and re-homed at least 700 in the UK . The Angels claim government funds for programmes aimed at neutering the animals were never implemented and the animals were dealt with in the ` most cruel way ' . Pola Pospieszalska , Anneka Svenska and former Playboy model Victoria Eisermann are devoted to saving the mistreated dogs - and finding them loving homes . Scroll down for videos . The K-9 Angels charity fronted by singer Pola Pospieszalska -LRB- left -RRB- , TV wildlife presenter Anneka Svenska -LRB- right -RRB- and former Playboy model Victoria Eisermann -LRB- centre -RRB- is devoted to saving the mistreated dogs . Rescue : The K-9 Angels -LRB- Pola pictured -RRB- have rescued hundreds of stray dogs from being killed in Romania and re-homed them in the UK . Second chance : Pola , Anneka and Victoria -LRB- pictured -RRB- have re-homed at least 700 dogs in the UK and spayed over 2,500 dogs . Overpopulation : Charities estimate there are between 500,000 and one million free-roaming dogs on Romania 's streets . Cruelty : Pola described to MailOnline how ` tens of thousands of animals have been caught by dogcatchers -LRB- pictured -RRB- and killed in most horrific ways ' Inhumane : The dogs are supposed to be euthanised humanely with a legal injection but in reality they can be clubbed to death , set on fire and left for dead . Abandoned : Charities have told MailOnline that state-appointed ` dog catchers ' are rounding up dogs and taking them to holding pens where they are ` waiting to die ' Attack : Pola from K-9 Angels -LRB- pictured -RRB- she says the ` killing law ' was passed following an ` isolated incident ' in 2013 , when a four-year-old boy was mauled to death by a pack of ` vicious stray dogs ' Brutal : The Angels claim government funds for programmes which were designed to neuter dogs were never implemented and the animals were dealt with in the ` most cruel way ' They say the state-appointed catchers round up dogs and take them to holding pens where they can be ` clubbed to death ' and set on fire . Pola told MailOnline : ` Romania 's stray dog situation is probably one of the worst in Europe and sad , neglected , hungry animals are a part of Romanian landscape . She says the ` killing law ' was passed following an ` isolated incident ' in 2013 , when a four-year-old boy was mauled to death by a pack of ` vicious stray dogs ' . Adding : ` Tens of thousands of animals have been caught by dogcatchers and killed in most horrific ways . ` It is common in Romania for them not to use a euthanasia injection , but instead dispose of dogs in cheaper ways such as injecting paint thinner into the heart , strangling , clubbing to death . ' The founders of K-9 Angels describe the pounds as ` filthy , dirty , short on food ' and in truth - just a place to dump these dogs so they die away from the public ' . Here , the dogs suffer from mange - a skin disease caused by parasitic mites - and fights between them erupt regularly . Despite the harsh conditions they are subjected to , the animals who are lucky enough to be alive still vie for the Angels ' affection when they are eventually rescued . Animal charity Four Paws - which has helped neuter around 150,000 stray dogs - says the situation for dogs became much worse when the killing law was introduced . Its spokesperson Adam Rahman told MailOnline : ` Dogs are brutally rounded up by dog catchers and taken to pounds where they are subjected to poor conditions and cruel treatment , and are essentially waiting to be killed . ` The organisation responsible for catching the dogs estimated that they had captured around 25,000 stray dogs in Bucharest alone since the legislation was passed , and overseen the killing of around 16,000 . ' The organisation successfully convinced the Bucharest Court of Appeal to suspend the legislation last summer , but they say the brutal situation on the streets remains the same . Killing : The Romanian government implemented the culling programme to stem the overpopulation of stray dogs but a WHO report says killing the animals will not solve the problem . Humane : Victoria -LRB- pictured -RRB- and the K-9 Angels have so far re-home at least 700 dogs in the UK and spayed thousands more . Change : Their Kent-based charity 's website is full of pictures of once-doomed dogs who have found happy homes in the UK . Inspiration : The Angels were formed when Anneka -LRB- left -RRB- saw of a picture of a desperate Romanian stray on Facebook and decided to do help with her friends Pola and Victoria -LRB- right -RRB- . Found : Like the Angels , charity League of Rescue has also rescued hundreds of stray dogs like Tommy -LRB- pictured -RRB- from Romania 's streets . Happy home : Tommy - who was found malnourished in the back of a rundown car - is now living comfortably in the UK . Desperate : They also found Mabel -LRB- pictured -RRB- at a train station in an appalling condition and a severe wound on her left paw . Happy ending : Mabel - whose leg was crushed - is one of the lucky ones to be rescued but 16,000 dogs have been culled since it was legalised at the end of 2013 . Inspired : The K-9 Angels were forged when TV wildlife presenter Anneka saw a photograph of a desperate stray dog on the streets of Romania on Facebook . Earlier this month , the charity found evidence of a massive and illegal cull of stray dogs in the small southern town of Clinceni . They discovered dozens of dead dogs with visible wounds on their heads and bodies left to rot in black bags in the forest . ` This is another serious violation of the law on stray animals and proof that , although the killing law has been repealed since June 20 , 2014 , ' Four Paws said . The cull is supposed to reduce the overpopulation of stray dogs in the country but a World Health Organisation report claimed : ` In none of the study areas did the elimination of dogs by any method -LRB- catching , shooting or other -RRB- have any significant long-term effect on dog population size . ' The K-9 Angels were forged when TV wildlife presenter Anneka saw a photograph of a desperate stray dog on the streets of Romania on Facebook . It was the plight of that dog - named Angel - that inspired the trio to officially form the organisation in November 2011 . Their petition to calling on the European Union to investigate the ` disappearance ' of the public funds designated for a neutering programme has gained over 28,000 signatures . Gruesome : Charity Four Paws discovered dozens of dogs with severe wounds to their head and bodies in the a southern Romanian town . Grotesque : While another charity Dog Rescue Romani claim to see piles of dead dogs left on village roads . A rescue worker with Dog Rescue Romani said they regularly see piles of dead dogs left in the middle of village roads when they patrol the south-west of Romania . Its spokesperson Marius Costache told MailOnline : ` The scenes are such that alive dogs and some puppies were eating from the other dead dogs within the pile . ` We asked someone who said they saw a large truck passing by at 3.30 am that night who dumped the pile and left . ` We called our local police right at that moment and the answer was ` so what do you want us to do ? ' ` With the euthanasia law or without , it the slaughter in Romania public shelters or streets will continue . ' Between March and May 2014 , a team of investigators from Four Paws investigated 43 public shelters in Romania -- from around 81 currently registered with the Romanian vet authorities . The results of the investigation were shocking as they found that not one of these public shelters in Romania conformed to the law regulating the national programme on stray dogs .