Natalie Bennett said the so-called ` citizens income ' -- which critics say would cost £ 280billion -- would take longer than five years to bring in , and could take even longer . Every adult in Britain would be paid £ 72 a week under a commitment in the Green manifesto -- but the party leader admitted her pledges could take decades to implement . Natalie Bennett said the so-called ` citizens income ' -- which critics say would cost £ 280billion -- would take longer than five years to bring in , and could take even longer . She said another Green pledge -- to dismantle the Armed Forces and use weapons factories to build wind turbines -- was also a ` long-term aspiration ' . And the party 's policy of leaving Nato and abandoning nuclear weapons was ` many decades into the future ' . The revelations came in another disappointing performance by Miss Bennett , when she was interviewed on the BBC Radio 4 Today programme . In February she suffered what she called a ` brain fade ' on LBC Radio when she forgot the details of her party 's key housing policies . On Today , she was challenged about policies listed in the Green policy book , which is set by party members at the annual conference . One of these is the citizens ' incomes , which would be given to everyone in Britain as a ` right of citizenship ' , regardless of wealth or whether they are seeking work . Miss Bennett , the Green Party leader in England and Wales , said the policy would take time to implement . She said : ` Let me say this very slowly -- the commitment is in the manifesto . We do n't think we can introduce it in the term of the next parliament ; it 's a big change . ` The Green Party has a long-term vision about what Britain should look like . I do n't apologise for that . ` We are saying we need a Britain that 's built on principles of politics ; we need a different kind of politics and having that long-term vision , looking into the future and saying what should Britain look like in five , 10 , 20 years ' time is something that is very much central to Green Party politics . ' Claiming the citizens ' income was backed by an ` increasing number of economists ' , she said that as ` the sixth richest economy , we have to provide for everyone 's basic needs and we have to do that within the limits of our one planet ' . ` The Citizens ' Income , the commitment to that , is in this manifesto -- but we 've seen the difficulties that Iain Duncan Smith has got into in introducing Universal Credit , so we 're saying it would take more than the term of one parliament to actually introduce this , ' she said . Claiming the citizens ' income was backed by an ` increasing number of economists ' , Ms Bennett said that as ` the sixth richest economy , we have to provide for everyone 's basic needs and we have to do that within the limits of our one planet ' After two-and-a-half years as Green party leader , Natalie Bennett would have liked to think she has made a name for herself . But after another faltering media performance she suffered the indignity of being confused with her predecessor . Radio 4 Today presenter John Humphreys ended the grilling saying : Caroline Lucas , thank you very much . ' He quickly apologised for his gaffe . Ms Lucas was Green leader from 2008-12 , but stood down to concentrate on being the party 's first MP . Miss Bennett was also challenged over a pledge , contained in the same policy book , to dismantle the Armed Forces -- saying it was a ` long-term ' aspiration . She also said that abandoning nuclear weapons and leaving Nato was a ` long-term plan many decades into the future ' . The book also contains pledges to legalise the sex industry and drug use , decriminalise Al Qaeda membership and impose new taxes on pop music performances and large gifts . Miss Bennett said the Greens were now the third-largest party in England and Wales . ` We 're larger than UKIP , we 're larger than the Lib Dems , ' she said . ` We have more than 58,000 members . ` We 've had one Green MP , Caroline Lucas , who 's had a huge impact as one MP in the Parliament . ` And we 're now working very hard to send a strong group of Green MPs to Parliament who - given the electoral arithmetic - have a very good chance of being in a strong position to really influence the whole direction of the next government . ' She said her party offered a ` genuine alternative ' to the Conservatives ' ` austerity heavy ' and the Labour 's ` austerity-lite ' . The Green ' manifesto will be launched next week .