A furious New York diner lost his cool grabbing a restaurant manager by the neck before slamming him against a bar and into an elderly woman - after waiting more than an hour for his omelette , according to witnesses . Nicholas Dematteis , 39 , flew into the rage while at restaurant Bocca East during brunch on Saturday afternoon , and demanded a free meal around 4 pm because of slow service , police said . Dematteis was arrested and charged with assault following the incident , according to the New York Daily News . Police said New York resident Nicholas Dematteis , 39 , flew into the rage while at Bocca East -LRB- above -RRB- during brunch , and demanded a free meal around 4 pm after waiting an hour and a half . ` We heard yelling and glass breaking , restaurant patron Jason Wirtz told the Daily News . ` The guy was screaming , `` I 'm not paying for it ! '' There was some expletives used in there . ' The 34-year-old manager made attempts to calm Dematteis down , who waited an hour and a half for his omelette , when he spewed a homophobic slur at the man , according to another manager Joseph Verdi . He then allegedly grabbed the manager 's neck and slammed him against the bar . Verdi added that Dematteis , who he said appeared to be drunk , was ` a lot ' bigger than the manager . As the 34-year-old manager followed Dematteis outside of the restaurant , he grabbed his neck and hurled him into an elderly woman who was standing on the street , according to the Daily News . The woman got up after being knocked over and witnesses said she left before police arrived at the scene . ` There was a hustle and bustle out here and she hit the ground pretty hard , ' said diner Julie Chappell , who was seated near the sidewalk . Authorities said Dematteis was previously arrested earlier this year in January for breaking into his girlfriend 's apartment , according to the Daily News . Dematteis , an Upper East Side resident who lives near the restaurant , was arrested and charged following the incident on Saturday , police said . Dematteis was arrested and charged with assault following the incident on Saturday afternoon .