The adoptive grandparents of a Texas toddler who died after a brutal beating last month are speaking out against the boy 's mother , who they say did n't do enough to protect her son from her boyfriend . Christian Tyrrell , 22 , was arrested Wednesday on capital murder charges in connection to the March 19 death of 2-year-old Adrian Langlais , the son of his girlfriend Jessica Langlais . John Winkler and Laura Martinez considered themselves Adrian 's grandparents , even though they were n't blood related to the little boy . Martinez 's son - Winkler 's stepson - started dating Langlais when she was six-months pregnant with Adrian and they continued to babysit the toddler when the two eventually broke up . In a heartbreaking interview with the Star-Telegram , the couple said they started noticing bruises on Adrian last fall , when Langlais started dating Tyrrell , and say the mother ignored them when they voiced concern . Eventually , they reported Adrian 's injuries to Child Protective Services , but the agency closed the investigation in February , ruling out abuse from Adrian 's parents or Tyrrell . A little over a month later , Adrian was dead . Scroll down for video . Abused : Christian Tyrrell , 22 -LRB- left -RRB- , was arrested Wednesday on charges of murdering 2-year-old Adrian Langlais -LRB- right -RRB- , the son of his girlfriend Jessica Langlais -LRB- center -RRB- . Now Winkler and Martinez , who are now separated but remain friends , are working together to bring justice for the boy they considered family . While they are happy to see Tyrrell 's arrest , both want CPS and Langlais held accountable for the role they played in Adrian 's death . ` They left the child vulnerable . They made that decision and they made the wrong decision , ' Winkler told the Star Telegram . Winkler and Martinez first met Langlais in late 2012 , when she started dating Martinez 's son . At the time , she was carrying Adrian , her son with former boyfriend Ulises Hererra . When Langlais gave birth three months later , Winkler and Martinez considered Adrian their grandson and started babysitting when his mother went back to work . At one point , Langlais broke up with Martinez 's son and briefly got back together with Adrian 's father . All the while , the couple continued their relationship with Langlais in order to be a part of Adrian 's life . But last fall , both became seriously concerned when they noticed bruises and other injuries on the little boy 's body after Langlais started dating Tyrrell . Adrian -LRB- right -RRB- died in the hospital on March 19 , the day after his second birthday , from head trauma . Tyrrell -LRB- left -RRB- has been accused of causing those injuries . ` I start noticing a change in Adrian 's behavior , ' Winkler said . ` He 's starting to hit me in the face . Sometimes when she brings him over , he 's like in shock . ... He clings to me . I 'm telling her -LSB- Langlais -RSB- , `` I do n't know what the deal is but there 's something going on here . '' ' When they told Langlais about the marks , she dismissed them saying he got them roughhousing with some other children at Tyrrell 's mother house . After highlighting the injuries with Hererra , the boy 's biological father , and a lawyer , the two decided to go against Langlais ' wishes and make a report to CPS on December 23 . Three days later , they became even more concerned when Tyrrell came over to their house to pick up Adrian , and the boy appeared scared to leave . ` He immediately ran to me , grabbed me ... and was holding on , ' Winkler said . ` He would look over and look away from him , and he started crying . He dug into my arm with his little fingernails so much it broke the skin . ' And then Tyrrell became angry when Winkler told him he would drop the boy off himself when Langlais got home . Winkler says Tyrrell went straight to Langlais ' work , and she started sending Winkler a slew of text messages , chastising him for not handing Adrian over to her boyfriend . Laura Martinez -LRB- left -RRB- and John Winkler -LRB- right -RRB- , who consider themselves adoptive grandparents of Adrian , say they started noticing bruises on the boy in November , when Langlais started dating Tyrrell . ` John you ca n't make decisions like that . I am his mother , ' Langlais texted Winkler , in messages he shared with the Star-Telegram . ` And if you keep this up I 'm gon na have to make other arrangement for Adrian . ' Winkler went on to say that he loved Adrian and was just trying to do what 's best for the boy . ` John I do n't appreciate you insinuating that Christian is harmful to me and my child , Christian loves Adrian and is really good with him , ' Langlais continued . ` Adrian is frightened of him , that is a fact ... I am concerned you do not realize it , ' Winkler replied . ` That 's your opinion . Please mind your own business , ' Langlais said . Shortly after that , Langlais banned Winkler from spending time with Adrian . Winkler says CPS never called to interview him after he reported the potential abuse at the end of December , and says he had to follow up in order to speak to an officer about his concerns . In a meeting on February 9 , a CPS worker assured Winkler that the family was under investigation . But shortly after , the case was closed and Adrian 's parents and Tyrrell were cleared of any wrongdoing . Winkler -LRB- above -RRB- made a report to Child Protective Services at the end of December , but the case was closed in February with Adrian 's parents and Tyrrell being cleared of any wrong doing . Then , just a month later on March 18 , Adrian 's second birthday , the boy was rushed to the hospital after seizing in Tyrrell 's care . Healthcare workers at the hospital reported that the boy showed signs of severe head trauma including multiple skull fractures , bleeding on the brain and swelling around the eyes , neck and head . There was also bruises and bite marks on his body . He died the next day . In separate interviews with police , both Adrian 's mother and Tyrrell said that the boy started acting strange the day before , after Tyrrell put the boy in a time out for not eating his lunch . Langlais says she heard Tyrrell yell at the boy after taking him into another room where his playpen was , and that Adrian immediately stopped crying or making noise . ` You need to start acting better . You know you need to eat , ' Tyrrell says he told the boy , according to police . He added that Adrian was ` pretty pissed ' off after being spanked and put in time out . Langlais says her boyfriend went back into the room about 10 to 20 minutes later and when Adrian was brought out , he had bruises on his face and his eyes kept rolling back . Tyrrell told his girlfriend and police that when he went back into the room , he found Adrian laying on the ground outside of the playpen as if he had crawled out and fell backwards . That night , Langlais says her son vomited and had a hard time standing on his own . And when she tried to feed him a slice of banana the next morning , he could n't keep food down . She last saw Adrian when Tyrrell dropped her off at work around 10:30 am and the boy was leaning his head against the side of his car seat ` like he could n't move it ' and only opened his eyes when his mom came to kiss him goodbye . Tyrrell 's version of events differs slightly from Langlais ' , in that he claimed the boy could stand up and was acting normally after finding him on the ground next tot he playpen . He does admit that the boy later vomited and appeared ` sleepy ' but says the next morning Adrian was awake , talking and ` having fun ' . While Winkler and Martinez are happy with Tyrrell 's arrest , the two say they want to see CPS and Langlais held accountable for the role they plated in Adrian 's death . Internet searches reveal that Tyrrell was more concerned that night than what he descirbed to police . Just after 11 pm on March 17 , someone searched on his phone ` how to tell if someone has went brain dead ' . Similar searches continued that night and into the next morning , about head injuries , concussions , and ` toddler ca n't walk or use right side after hitting head ' . After dropping Langlais off at work , Tyrrell says he played with the boy back and home . Around 1 pm , 14 hours after his first suspicious cell phone search , Tyrrell called 911 and told a dispatcher that he saw Adrian ` stagger ' , fall and then roll his eyes . On Wednesday , Tyrrell was arrested on capital murder charges for allegedly inflicting injuries that caused Adrian 's death . He is currently being held on $ 1million bond . In an attempt to bring Adrian ` smother and CPS to justice , Winkler has created a Facebook page and written to multiple local politicians . While he is sad to lose Adrian , Winkler says he is comforted by the fact that the little boy can no longer be abused . ` To know he 's gone is breaking me , ' Martinez said in a recent interview . ` But on the other hand , I 'm happy because he 's not here anymore . He did n't deserve the life these people were giving to him . I 'm glad he 's with God .