If you were placed in a room with a button and told not to press it , could you fight the temptation ? A current Reddit thread is testing its users resolve to do just this by placing a clickable button next to a 60-second timer . When The Button is clicked , the timer resets and it is not yet known what happens when the clock reaches zero because no-one can resist clicking it . More than 730,285 Reddit users have pressed The Button -LRB- pictured -RRB- since the California firm launched its r/thebutton thread on April Fool 's Day . It is not yet known what happens when the timer reaches zero and users can only click The Button once . At the time of writing , more than 730,285 Reddit users have pressed The Button since Reddit launched its r/thebutton thread on April Fool 's Day . Only people who registered on the site before this date are eligible to click The Button , and when they do they are awarded a colour , known as a ` flair . ' This colour represents the time period at which they clicked The Button , ranging from zero to 60 seconds . According to the Flair Guide , users get a purple flair when they press The Button between 52 and 60 seconds . Blue flairs are awarded between 42 and 51 seconds , green flairs are between 32 and 41 seconds , yellow flairs are awarded when The Button is pressed when the timer is between 22 and 31 seconds , and orange flairs are between 12 and 21 seconds . Only people who registered on the site before this date are eligible to click The Button -LRB- picutrred left with the timer pictured centre and right -RRB- , and when they do they are awarded a colour , known as a ` flair . ' This colour represents the time period at which they clicked The Button , ranging from zero up to 60 seconds . Users get a purple flair when they press The Button between 52 and 60 seconds , blue flairs are awarded between 42 and 51 seconds , green flairs are between 32 and 41 seconds , yellow flairs are awarded between 22 and 31 seconds , orange flairs are between 12 and 21 seconds , and red is between zero and 11 seconds . The last colour is red and this is only awarded to those who can resist clicking The Button until the timer reads between zero and 11 seconds . However , thousands of users at any one time are watching The Button - 2,665 at the time of writing - and if any of them click The Button , the timer resets . Users who registered before 1 April but have not yet pressed The Button will have a grey dot beneath their username . This guide shows what the colour-coded dots , known as ` flairs ' , correspond to on a person 's account . The numbered flair is rounded up from the time the user pressed The Button . For example , if they pressed it at 45.01 seconds , they will received a 46 second flair . Reddit launched its r/thebutton thread on April Fool 's Day . If you created your Reddit account before 1 April 2015 , you have one chance to press The Button . If you press it , the timer resets to 60 seconds . You ca n't see The Button on mobile Reddit apps . To press The Button , you must unlock it by clicking the lock hovering over the button . Once the lock is clicked it will expose The Button . You do not receive flair unless you post a comment or thread , or press The Button . If you comment or post a thread without pressing The Button , you will get a grey flair which says ` non-presser ' when you hover over the colour . If you press The Button , nothing happens other than receiving a coloured flair with a number . The number and coloured flair you receive depends on how many seconds were left on the timer at the moment you pressed The Button . The numbered flair you receive is rounded up from the number you pressed The Button at . For example , if you pressed The Button at 45.01 seconds , you will get a 46 second flair . Source : anthonyd3ca/Reddit . Users who registered after this date will have a light grey dot and can not take part . And a tally of how many flairs have been awarded , and in which colour , is shown on the right-hand side of the thread . The current lowest number anyone has pressed at , so far , is 27 seconds . The first user to get a blue flair was efnex123 , the first ` green ' user was Sofa _ King _ Chubby and PopPopandAway achieved the first yellow flair . Users are also tweeting their views about The Button . One wrote : ` I am becoming obsessed with The Button , ' while another said : ` This `` button '' thing on Reddit is driving me nuts . I do n't know if I should press or not ' And a third expressed his frustration by tweeting : ` STOP PUSHING THE BUTTON REDDIT . I WANT TO KNOW WHAT HAPPENS WHEN NO ONE PUSHES THE BUTTON ' -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Users are tweeting their views about The Button . One user wrote : I am becoming obsessed with The Button . Have n't pressed it yet , ' while another said ` This `` button '' thing on Reddit is driving me nuts . I do n't know if I should press or not . ' And a third expressed his frustration by tweeting : ` STOP PUSHING THE BUTTON REDDIT . I WANT TO KNOW WHAT HAPPENS WHEN NO ONE PUSHES THE BUTTON . ' It is not known how long The Button thread will remain live . Last month Reddit had 168,519,576 unique visitors and more than 3,632,750 logged into the site yesterday suggesting there are still a large number of users left to click The Button .