Given the choice between ` average ' and ` beautiful ' , which description would you choose for yourself ? That is the question that has been posed to women by Dove in a new survey , and the results are shocking . In Australia , 83 per cent of women rate themselves as average looking , the study found , while around the world just four per cent think they 're worthy of the glowing epithet . Scroll down for video . What do you choose ? Dove has asked women to rate themselves as either ` beautiful ' or ` average ' Low self esteem : 83 per cent of Australian women said they would describe themselves as average . Of the 9,397 out of 11,000 that answered ` average ' , 84 per cent regularly have negative thoughts about their appearance . While the statistics speak volumes about Australian women 's perceptions of themselves , they appear more confident than the global average . A staggering 96 per cent of women around the world describe themselves as average , leaving just four per cent to admit they consider themselves beautiful . The beauty brand highlighted the survey results with a new video , released this week , that shows women being faced with the choice of telling the world they see themselves as beautiful or average . Dove erected signs above doors to public buildings in five cities - Shanghai , San Francisco , London , Sao Paulo and Delhi - and filmed women 's actions when faced with having to walk through one or the other . The vast majority of participants chose to walk through the ` average ' door , corresponding closely with the survey results . On film : The statistics are highlighted in a new video by Dove which shows women having to walk through doors , either marked beautiful or average . Worldwide : The film was shot in five cities , Shanghai , San Francisco , London , Sao Paulo and Delhi . Dove says that feeling beautiful is a personal choice that women should feel empowered to make for themselves every day . However , many found that when they had to behave in a way that revealed their image of themselves to the world - they balked . Many said afterwards that they regretted their decision , and that it had affected how they felt about themselves . One woman confessed : ` It was confronting to see these signs , and to have to choose , and be self - conscious of how you perceive yourself and if it lines up with how the rest of the world perceives you . Are you beautiful ? The global statistic was higher , with a staggering 96 per cent of worldwide respondents answering ` average ' Choices : Like the survey results , the overwhelming majority of women chose to walk through the doors marked ` average ' Unnattainable : ` Beautiful , to me , is too far out of reach , ' said one participant who chose the average door . Another said : ` It was my choice , and now I will question myself for the next few weeks , maybe months . ' A British woman , laughing modestly , said : ` I went through the average door . I did n't even hesitate . ' While a Brazilian participant , who chose ` average ' admitted : ` I regretted my choice because it was different to what I live for and what I live . ' A woman in India also said she wished she 'd chosen differently , saying : ` I had rated myself as average and nobody else . ' An American participant added : ` Am I choosing because of what is constantly bombarded at me and what I 'm being told that I should accept ? Or am I choosing because that 's what I really believe ? ' In Shanghai , a woman picked the average door , saying : ` Beautiful , to me , is too far out of reach . ' The video is part of Dove 's #ChooseBeautiful campaign , which aims to ` encourage women worldwide to reconsider the choices they make about their beauty and how those choices make them feel . ' These women are confident about their looks , but many women who chose ` average ' said they regretted it . These schoolgirls take part in Dove 's experiment and appear to be leaning towards the ` beautiful ' door . Choose beautiful : The campaign aims to ` encourage women worldwide to reconsider the choices they make about their beauty and how those choices make them feel ' The company 's marketing director Jennifer Bremner said : ` Dove Choose Beautiful urges women to embrace this personal choice , because when we do , it unlocks happiness and confidence that impacts women 's self-esteem . Women watching the campaign took to social media to express sadness that so many people felt the need to put themselves down . Jo Fiddy , from London , tweeted : ` Women we need to value ourselves more . 2 doors - Average & beautiful . Inspiring campaign . ' Women took to Twitter to lament females ' lack of confidence in their appearance around the world . Jo Fiddy from London exhorted women to value themselves more . Raya Was Here said that feeling beautiful is a decision every woman should make for herself . Samantha Blundell , from London , posted on Twitter : ` I decided to #choosebeautiful because if I do n't think it myself , no one else will . ' A user called @Raya_Was_Here , in Bulgaria , tweeted : ` Knowing that it 's your decision to feel beautiful is so powerful . Once you realize that , no one can make you feel otherwise #ChooseBeautiful . ' The latest video comes close on the heels of another ad created in France as part of its #SpeakBeautiful campaign . The clip was designed to highlight how many women put themselves down or fall prey to a critical inner voice . Skincare and beauty line Dove has long championed ` real ' beauty , photographing everyday women rather than professional models for its advertisements . Dove asked a group of women in France - all beautiful and impeccably chic - to write down every thought they had about themselves in a notebook . The beauty brand then took the notes away with them and unbeknownst to the women , those criticisms , negative remarks and tirades of self body-shaming were turned into a script . Then two actresses , read the script out loud as dialogue in a cafe , where the women themselves had been invited for coffee . In the experiment the women had to hear the actresses repeat their own thoughts to each other , out loud . One woman hears her judgment on herself that her belly has the potential to look too big in the Dove ad . The comments were so cutting that a customer at a nearby table , who was n't involved in the experiment , even intervened . An actress read out a remark written by one woman who appears very slim : ` Your arms are too big , your silhouette is all squashed . ' She continues : ` Sit up straight otherwise your belly looks big . ' Several of the women 's messages to themselves echoed bullying , that if came from someone else , would be immediately frowned upon . ` With your little baby teeth you look like a mouse , ' said one . While another read , ` your face looks like a bulldog . ' When said out loud , the comments underline the way many women effectively bully themselves every single day . Visibly shocked by the comments , the women recognised the dialogue as their own notes . ` I hope my daughter never speaks to herself like that , ' says one . While another concedes , ` yes that 's what I say to myself all day long . Now , I get how violent it is ! ' The One Beautiful Thought campaign is another of Dove 's efforts to champion ` real ' beauty .