The headline sounds almost too good to be true , does n't it ? But this one is perhaps as close to a sure bet as you 'll find - the secret to winning at Two Up , Australia 's iconic game of chance . Punting analyst Mike Steward has outlined an approach , known in gambling parlance as the Martingale Betting Strategy.The staking plan is outlined in the table below , but seems simple enough to follow for even a first-time Two Up player . The essence being , that if you lose , you have to double your bet until your coins fall right . A word to the wise however , there is , as with any supposed sure-bet , or an almost ca n't lose system , a catch - and that is that you 'll need a healthy bank of cash with you . Scroll down for video . Scenes like these will be repeated across Australia on ANZAC Day this Saturday , heaving crowds of punters betting on the toss of coins in games of Two Up . The Martingale Betting Strategy of doubling up originated in France and is used with levels of success by punters on ANZAC Day throughout Australia . The traditional game of Two Up involves two coins but many venues now play with three for ease of betting among the crowd . Two Up is one of Australia 's longest lasting traditions , it dates back to Australia 's goldfields and the first recorded games are believed to have taken place in the late 1790s . It is now legal to be played on ANZAC Day across Returned Servicemen League clubs -LRB- RSL -RRB- and pubs . Versions will vary between the original two-coined game -LRB- with three outcomes -RRB- and three-coined version -LRB- with two outcomes -RRB- , the latter preferred by many venues prefer for ease of betting between punters . ` One of the most easy to understand betting staking strategies that punters use is what I call the approach , otherwise known as the Martingale Betting Strategy , ' writes Mr Steward , author of ` Betting Strategy doubles up to win ' for the website Punters Club Hero . It 's a system of betting which originated in France . ` A punter simply bets a stake to win an amount of money , if they fail to win with the first bet they increase their stake to recover their losses plus win the initial targeted win amount on the second bet and so on , ' he added . BET # AMOUNT . 1 $ 1 . 2 $ 2 . 3 $ 4 . 4 $ 8 . 5 $ 16 . 6 $ 32 . 7 $ 64 . 8 $ 128 . 9 $ 256 . 10 $ 512 . * From Mike Steward 's `` Betting Strategy doubles up to win '' ` To simplify this betting strategy , let 's take a simple coin toss where the outcome is even money each time . ` I bet $ 1 on Heads for the first toss to win $ 1 . ` If the bet loses , I will bet $ 2 on the second toss . If I win on the second toss I have recovered my earlier loss of $ 1 plus my target winning amount of $ 1 , otherwise if I lose I will have to bet $ 4 on the third toss to recover the $ 3 lost and still win my targeted win amount . ` If I continued to experience successive losses I double the stake of the previous wager until a win occurs . ' ` The Martingale staking approach is alluring to punters because of its seemingly guaranteed approach to make a buck , ' he stated . ` I mean how many losers can you back in a row after all ? The game was still illegal in some Australian states and territories up until 10 years ago . Wagering expert Damian Deguara , who writes for website The Great Tip Off , told Daily Mail Australia that : ` It 's that one time of the year when the law permits men and women across this great country of ours to follow in the footsteps of our brave Aussie diggers and keep to the old gambling tradition . ' ` Two Up is a pretty simple game , all you need are coins , a wooden stick -LRB- the kip -RRB- to flip them into the air and a crowd of screaming punters yelling `` Heads '' or `` Tails '' . ` Most punters have their corner , you are either a Heads punter , a Tails punter or someone who goes with either depending on your intuition . ` The Double-up approach is alluring to punters because it seems to provide a guaranteed approach to making a buck . If you win you 're happy and if you lose you increase your stake until you win . ` Sounds easy enough right ? But what are the real odds of winning and losing if you chose to use the Double-up approach on ANZAC Day ? ` Think back to ANZAC Day last year and recall how many successive loses that a Head or a Tail endured over the entire day . Was it four , five ? ` What are the chances of experiencing six losses in a row ? It 's actually about two per cent but that means it is actually possible . ` On the bright side there is a 98 per cent chance that you would have made your money before this point . ' ` Come in Spinner ' is the cry from the Ringkeeper at Two Up games . The coins fly into the air during a game of Two Up , the uniquely Australian tradition , in which punters bet on which way coins land . It is celebrated on ANZAC Day on April 25 and is associated with soldiers because it was popular with troops during World War I . Australian Army soldiers pictured playing Two Up . `` There is no form guide or books written on pushing the odds in your favour , as two-up is one of the fairest bets in the world . For every two-up coin toss there are two possible outcomes , Heads or Tails , and punters receive even money if the coins turn-up the right way , which is as true as the odds can get , ' said wagering guru Damian Deguara . Versions of Two Up will vary between the original two-coined game -LRB- with three outcomes -RRB- and three-coined version -LRB- with two outcomes -RRB- , which many venues prefer for ease of betting between punters . Spinner at the ready with the wooden Kip which is used to toss the coins . ` The thing to remember is that each time you lose , the probability of winning the next bet in the example given is still even money ' warn some professional punters . ` The attractiveness of this approach is certainly strong , however the downside , although rare in the example given , is very significant , ' Mr Steward added . ` If successive losses continue , the amount that needs to be wagered increases significantly . ` The other thing to remember is that each time you lose , the probability of winning the next bet in the example given is still even money . ` The odds do n't change because you have already incurred such significant losses . ` I spoke with an ex on-line betting executive recently and asked if the Martingale betting approach was common amongst punters and he indicated that it was noted frequently . ` He mentioned a time when a punter endured 16 consecutive losses in-a-row with the last $ 69,000 bet failing before it appeared as though his bankroll had run out . `` That 's the problem with this approach that most punters do not realise '' he said . `` It only guarantess success if you have an infinite amount of cash '' . Mr Deguara offered a similar warning : ` Before you run off to the ATM to load yourself up in readiness for a Double-up day of two-up , remember that the perception of guaranteed success that punters have about the Double-up approach is not entirely accurate . ' ` The only way that it can guarantee a win is if you have an infinite amount of cash and an infinite number of coin tosses , neither of which are available to punters tomorrow . ' Two Up is one of Australia 's longest lasting traditions and is legal to be played on ANZAC Day across Returned Servicemen League clubs -LRB- RSL -RRB- and pubs and has been permitted for Australian and New Zealand troops deployed overseas during this time of year .