Amit Yadav , 20 , was high on cannabis when he crashed into an oncoming Renault Cleo . A young driver who was high on cannabis when he crashed into an oncoming car , killing his two friends , been jailed for six years . Amit Yadav , 20 , was driving his red Honda Civic up to 25 miles over the speed limit when he lost control and smashed into an oncoming Renault Cleo in August 2013 . His two passengers - brothers Haider , 20 , and Taimur Kayani , 17 , from Leytonstone , were killed in the collision on Lodge Avenue , Dagenham . Taimur , who had been sitting in the front passenger seat , was pronounced dead at the scene . His brother died later in hospital . The couple in the Cleo , Rayape and Rosette Sellathurai , also suffered serious injuries . Mrs Sellathurai required surgery to remove part of her damaged intestine , while she suffered further injuries to her bladder and abdomen . None of the passengers in the Civic were wearing seatbelts at the time of the collision , according to crash scene investigators . At the time of the incident , Yadav gave a statement saying he had swerved to avoid an oncoming car , but claimed at his trial that he had no memory of the crash . THC acid in his blood indicated Yadav had been smoking cannabis only a few hours before the crash , and cannabis was found in his glove compartment . Forensic scientist Elizabeth Davidson said : ` Cannabis is generally less impairing than alcohol and other drugs , but studies have shown that it can impair cognition and impair driving performance . ' She added : ` The impairment due to cannabis my out last the experience of the high of taking cannabis and may last four or five hours after . ' Brothers Haider -LRB- left -RRB- and Taimur Kayani -LRB- right -RRB- from Leytonstone , east London , were killed in the collision . Yadav denied two charges of causing death by dangerous driving and one count of causing serious injury by dangerous driving , but was convicted in February this year after a four-day trial . Tom Nicholson , prosecuting , told Snaresbrook Crown Court that between the date of the accident and the date of conviction Yadav had racked up two further convictions for speeding . At the time of the accident , Yadav was subject to a nine-month suspended sentence for conspiracy to commit theft for stealing from customers at cash points in Manchester . David Josse , defending , said : ` It is perhaps obvious that this defendant in no way intended and far less desired the outcome of this tragic incident . ` My client was only 18 at the time of the offence , he is now 20 years old , he suffered serious injuries himself -- he suffers from serious pelvic problems as well as scaring -- he spent 10 days in hospital , he 's clearly remorseful and that is born out in his resulting psychological condition . ' The court heard Yadav has been undergoing therapy to help him deal with the accident . Mr Josse added : ` He said he wanted to gain some understanding of how he could lose control of the vehicle -- he recognises that most people would n't accept that as a very good explanation , so at least he has some insight into his own answer so to speak . ' Taimur and Haider Kayani -LRB- pictured as children -RRB- , who died in the crash , were described as ` inseparable ' Sentencing , Judge Simon Wilkinson told Yadav : ` You were driving a car that was involved in a head-on collision on a residential street , the reason for this collision was that you were driving far too fast . ` You lost control , you careered into the opposite lane , the driver in the oncoming vehicle had no opportunity to take any evasive action and was completely blameless for the collision that followed . ` The driver 's wife suffered life threatening injuries and both of your two passengers lost their lives , and the parents of those two brothers will realise that no sentence that I can pass can possibly reflect the worth of their two sons or lessen their heart ache . ' Following the accident , the Kayani brothers , were described as ` inseparable ' and dedicated to their family by their father Qamar . Around 1,500 people attended the funeral , coming from as far away as South Africa and Pakistan . Their father wept throughout Judge Wilkinson 's sentencing remarks and was comforted by police officers . Yadav , of Woodford Avenue , Ilford , was expressionless as his sentence was read out .