His voice cracked with emotion at times and in the next breath he laughed at questions and joked with his boss , Borussia Dortmund sporting director Michael Zorc . In short , Jurgen Klopp 's farewell press conference was much like his seven years at the club : engaging , compelling and infused with passion . Klopp is leaving Borussia Dortmund after seven seasons in which he has won two Bundesliga titles , the German Cup and reached the Champions League final , in 2013 at Wembley . Wednesday was not quite ` auf wiedersehen ' as there are eight more matches of the season to play . Manager Jurgen Klopp announced he would be leaving Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season . Borussia Dortmund CEO Hans-Joachim Watzke , Klopp and Michael Zorc of Dortmund were present for the press conference at Signal Iduna Park on Wednesday . Photographers snap away at Klopp as journalists gather during the announcement of his Dortmund exit . Yet an era is coming to an end and not just at Dortmund , but -- and this is tribute to the charisma he has evoked during his time there -- in European football . Like Pep Guardiola and Jose Mourinho , Klopp has elevated himself into the realms of the cult manager . He is distinct in that he is much more open than Guardiola and seemingly much less calculating than Mourinho , though that in itself is , of course , a calculation . Though there is much more to Dortmund than just Klopp , at times it seems that it has been his sheer force of personality which has carried the club . Klopp was emotionally charged during the press conference as he could n't resist showing his sadness . But Klopp also had moments where he laughed along with his boss Zorc during the press conference . Borussia Dortmund celebrate in front of their fans after winning a league match against Hamburg in 2011 . There are many reasons why Dortmund have captured the imagination of fans across the world and especially in England : there is the extraordinary atmosphere of the Westfalenstadion and the 82,000 fans ; there are the season tickets available at £ 160 ; the membership structure which allows fans a say in the running of the club ; the little ritual at the end of the game where the players gather in he centre circle , join hands and thank the fans . They came to represent everything the Premier League is n't . BORUSSIA DORTMUND : . German league champions : 2010-11 , 2011-12 . German cup : 2012 . Champions League runners-up : 2012-13 . INDIVIDUAL : . German manager of the year : 2011 , 2012 . FIFA coach of the year runner-up : 2013 . And then there were the players , like Marco Reus , Mario Gotze , Robert Lewandowski and Mats Hummels , electrifying the Champions League with their energy and verve . But it was Klopp who was the public face of a club , the embodiment of all that . He was a journeyman football from Mainz , a second-rate lower league team when he played for them . Only when he managed them did they become a Bundesliga force , qualifying for the UEFA Cup , a track record which eventually earned him the Dortmund job . The club was emerging from bankruptcy when he arrived and he has helped to transformed them into one of Europe 's elite football institutions . And whenever they have lost key players -- Nuri Sahin , Shinji Kagawa , Gotze , Lewandowski -- it seemed to make no difference . The team just took stock and rolled on . It seemed Klopp alone could keep driving the model ever upwards and onwards . Except this season the momentum ground to a halt . In February they were bottom of the Bundesliga and relegation loomed . They have recovered and are tenth but were dumped out of the Champions League by Juventus . Klopp claimed today that he is not tired and that he does n't require a sabbatical . But it was hard to avoid the conclusion that the pressure of trying to keep up with Bayern as they cherry picked his best players had finally proved too much . Klopp -LRB- left -RRB- stands alongside Hansa Rostock boss Juri Schlunz during his days as Mainz manager , where he built the foundations of his reputation after guiding them into the UEFA Cup . After winning the Bundesliga in 2011 , Klopp celebrates with Dortmund fans as he holds the trophy . But Klopp would fall one step short in winning the Champions League as his Dortmund team lost to Bayern Munich in the 2013 final at Wembley . Here he stands with Kevin Grosskreutz following the loss . ` This was n't a calculated decision , it was n't planned it 's not tactical , ' said Klopp . ` It 's just that I simply believe that it 's right and important that we can announce this today so we can be up front and begin to make a logical plan to bring this to an end . ' There is another side to Klopp , of course . He could match Mourinho for haranguing referees and has been known to go into full tantrum mode on the touchline . And his stylised open-ness is n't for everyone . He met with Manchester City officials when the club were considering replacements for Roberto Mancini ; they opted for Manuel Pellegrini . It will be interesting to see whether City will now give Klopp a second chance . Klopp has in the past been linked with taking over from Arsene Wenger -LRB- right -RRB- at Arsenal as the duo shake hands before a Champions League tie at the Emirates Stadium last November . As he barks instructions from the touchline , Klopp 's emotional grasp of the game makes him ideal for the Premier League . The Dortmund boss shows his fury after his side fall behind against Stuttgart in September . Arsene Wenger was less than amused when he compared Arsenal to an orchestra playing a ` silent song , ' adding : ` I prefer heavy metal . ' It came at a time when Wenger was under pressure , an older man who seemed to be struggling to keep up with the new wave ; Klopp knew how to make the point . In many ways he does seem made for the Premier League . His capacity to embrace a club emotionally makes him the thinking man 's Ian Holloway . The sheer relentlessness of his teams and their work-rate means he would have no problem passing the Premier League 's ` foreigner test ' otherwise known as wet , windy night at Stoke . ` What I love is fighting football , ' Klopp once said , explaining that in Germany they even call this ` English ' football . ` Rainy day , heavy pitch , everybody is dirty in the face . This is Borussia . ' It is Klopp 's mantra too . He clearly wo n't lack for offers . And wherever he goes , you can expect Klopp to be the centre of attention .