Hillary Clinton embraced the federal recognition of same-sex marriage today , saying through a spokesperson she believes it should be a ` constitutional right . ' The former Obama administration official endorsed gay marriage in 2013 after she left the State Department , saying she ` was fully in support of gay marriage and that it is now continuing to proceed state-by-state . ' And in a terse interview with NPR last year in which she declined to go into detail about her views on the topic , she repeated that position . Now a presidential candidate , Clinton today gave same-sex marriage her complete backing ahead of the presentation later this month of oral arguments in several cases before the Supreme Court on the matter . SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . Now a presidential candidate , Clinton today gave same-sex marriage her complete backing . Her shift in position comes just before the presentation later this month of oral arguments in several cases before the Supreme Court on the matter . Clinton had brought attention to the issue with her campaign launch video on Sunday that featured ` everyday ' Americans preparing for something big - including a gay couple planning their wedding . ` Hillary Clinton supports marriage equality and hopes the Supreme Court will come down on the side of same-sex couples being guaranteed that constitutional right , ' Clinton spokeswoman Adrienne Elrod told a leading gay news publication , The Washington Blade . The shift puts Clinton 's views in line with the Obama administration 's Justice Department , which in January ` committed to ensuring that the benefits of marriage are available as broadly as possible . ' Attorney General Eric Holder at that time said his department would file friend of the court briefs that ` urge the Supreme Court to make marriage equality a reality for all Americans . ' ` It is time for our nation to take another critical step forward to ensure the fundamental equality of all Americans -- no matter who they are , where they come from , or whom they love , ' Holder said . Buzzfeed News earlier this week reported that the newly announced candidate 's campaign had not responded to its requests for comment on the status of her views on marriage . Clinton had brought attention to the issue with her campaign launch video on Sunday that featured ` everyday ' Americans preparing for something big - including a gay couple planning their wedding . The video also included an image a same-sex female couple snuggling on the couch as Clinton discussed families in a voice over . But it was only after fellow presidential contender Marco Rubio began taking flak for telling CNN on Tuesday that he believes that states should continue to have the final say on legalization of gay marriage that a staffer for the Democratic front-runner publicly announced Clinton no longer supports states ' rights when it comes to same-sex marriage . ` Marriage laws have always been defined by the states , ' Rubio had told CNN host Jake Tapper . Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton speaks during a roundtable discussion with members of the small business community at Capital City Fruit today in Norwalk , Iowa . Clinton is campaigning in the Hawkeye State this week as she makes her second bid for President of the United States . It was only after fellow presidential contender Marco Rubio , pictured here at his campaign launch on Monday , began taking flak for telling CNN that he believes that states should continue to have the final say on legalization of gay marriage that a staffer for the Democratic front-runner publicly announced that Clinton no longer supports states ' rights when it comes to same-sex marriage . He added , ` I think there 's still a significant number of Americans that believe that the definition of marriage should be that of one man and one woman , as it has been for thousands of years . ' Tapper argued that ` they are a minority , ' leading the Republican senator to contend that ` they 're a large minority . ' ` In essence , there are still parts of this country that believe that way , ' he said . The exchange had started with Tapper accusing of Rubio of pigeonholing Clinton with his claims that she 's a leader of ` yesterday ' when he 's the one who does n't support same-sex marriage . ` You are casting yourself as a candidate of a new generation . But there is an issue where you are very out of step with younger voters , even younger Republican voters , ' he said . ` On that issue , same-sex marriage , senator , you 're the candidate of yesterday . ' Rubio later said during the interview that the United States is a republic and anyone who want to see marriage laws amended should lobby their state legislature , not the federal government . ` I do n't believe the court system is the appropriate way to do it , and I do n't believe Washington and the Supreme Court is the appropriate way to do it , ' he said . The nation 's highest court will hear arguments on April 28 in gay marriage cases originating out of Kentucky , Michigan , Ohio and Tennessee . A group of 57 members of Congress earlier this month filed a friend of the court briefing asking the high court not to side with gay marriage proponents , saying , ` The relative novelty of same-sex marriage weighs against the mandatory redefinition of marriage . ' Rubio was not among the signatories but GOP presidential candidate and Texas Senator Ted Cruz was . Republican Senator Rand Paul , the only other major politician to formally enter the race , also did not sign the letter .