Murder : Pennie Davis , left , was killed by a homeless petty crook who was hired by her ex-lover 's son . A career criminal hired a hitman to murder his stepmother for just £ 1,500 after she threatened to accuse him of being a paedophile . Benjamin Carr , 22 , harboured a burning hatred of mother-of-five Pennie Davis , 47 , during her six-year relationship with his father . He ordered fellow drug dealer Justin Robertson , 36 , to kill her after she threatened to tell police he sexually assaulted young girls eight years earlier . Mrs Davis was discovered in a pool of blood by her new husband after she was stabbed while tending her horses in the New Forest . But Carr was caught after the killer accidentally left his car keys beside her body and was forced to call a friend to pick him up from the isolated spot . Detectives discovered cocaine addict Robertson accepted just £ 1,500 to commit the murder and was paid in counterfeit notes . Yesterday , the two men were jailed for life after a jury convicted them of murder and conspiracy to murder . Robertson will serve a minimum of 32 years and Carr a minimum of 30 years . They were branded ` evil ' by a senior police officer as the victim 's family said justice has not been achieved because they will one day walk free . Mrs Davis ' grieving husband Pete , 50 , described the former show jumper as an ` angel ' who loved nothing more than to ride her horses . ` We had our lives just waiting to be taken with both hands together as a married couple and that was taken away from me . It 's been a nightmare ever since , ' he said . Mrs Davis was stabbed 13 times as she tended her four horses in a farm paddock near Beaulieu , Hampshire , last September . The supermarket worker suffered horrific injuries and was discovered by her husband who thought she was sunbathing . Police were quickly on the trail of those responsible and discovered Robertson , of no fixed abode , agreed to murder the victim at the request of Carr . Winchester Crown Court heard he harboured a ` lasting hate ' towards Mrs Davis which left Carr estranged from his father after their relationship ended . She had told police Carr sexually assaulted two young girls in 2006 , when he was aged just 14 , but no further action was taken . Hitman : Justin Robertson , left , was paid £ 1,500 in counterfeit banknotes by Benjamin Carr , right . A fortnight before the murder Carr discovered she had repeated the allegations in Facebook messages to his father 's new fiancée and claimed she had ` new evidence ' and would go to police again . Prosecutor Richard Smith QC said : ` Ben Carr was worried Pennie Davis was going to go to the police and allege that he had previously indecently assaulted girls . ` It was for that reason it seems that Ben Carr wanted Pennie Davis silenced and so he recruited others to help him do that . ' Carr , of Southampton , contacted Robertson , a fellow drug dealer and petty crook , who agreed to carry out the killing and even showed off a knife similar to the murder weapon to a friend . He handed himself in to police but said he had nothing to do with the killing and his keys had been at the scene because he 'd dropped them while looking for wealthy homes to burgle in the area . During the trial Robertson , who has been jailed for more than 70 thefts , told the jury he ` did n't care ' if they convicted him and threatened to track down and kill Carr . Standing in the witness box , he said : ` Ben , I 'm going to chase you down in every prison -- I 'm going to find you . ' He even spoke towards Mrs Davis ' relatives in the public gallery and invited them to visit him in prison and look him in the eye . Sentencing Robertson , Mr Justice Popplewell said he was responsible for a carefully planned , brutal and ferocious murder against a ` helpless woman ' . He said he showed ` no remorse ' and branded his behaviour in the witness box as ` deplorable ' as well as ` arrogant and offensive ' . Speaking outside court , one of Mrs Davis ' daughters , Georga Pead , 19 , said the jail sentences have not given them justice . Family : Mrs Davis with her five children Daniel , Sophie , Georga , Alex and Joe , pictured left to right . Victim : Pennie Davis was found dead by her husband in a New Forest field in September last year . She said : ` Carr has still got his mum and they will both still have people waiting for them outside . We have got to live here without her every single day . I do n't think that is justice at all . ' Mr Davis , 50 , added : ` Even if they get 30 years in prison they will still get the chance to come out and have families . ` Now I just hate everything . Going down to the horses , seeing people holding hands , enjoying the sun , it hurts because that 's what me and Pennie used to do . ' Det Supt Paul Barton , who led the inquiry , said : ` Robertson is an evil and cold killer who was motivated by a relatively small amount of money , ' he said . ` Carr had a long-term hatred for Pennie . He tried to silence her once and for all and knew Robertson would do anything for money . ' Evidence : Robertson was convicted after police discovered that he had dropped a car key in the field . Mrs Davis 's family said in a statement this afternoon : ` The people responsible for our mum 's brutal murder have been convicted but we can not celebrate . ` It is not them , but us , Pennie 's family , who have been given the real life sentence . The life of someone precious to us as a mother , daughter , wife and sister has gone and ca n't be replaced . ` We have attended court every day and have had to listen to many lies about Pennie , who has been robbed of her voice to defend herself . ` The Pennie presented in court by those who were desperate to try to justify their actions is not the Pennie we remember . For us she will always be our warm , loving , protective , determined , funny mum who loved her children more than anything . Wedding : Mrs Davis on the day she married her husband Peter in May last year , with her daughter Georga and Sophie . Couple : Peter Davis today spoke of his grief at the murder of his wife just four months after they married . Heart-broken : Mrs Davis 's family -LRB- pictured -RRB- said in a statement outside Winchester Crown Court today : ` The people responsible for our mum 's brutal murder have been convicted but we can not celebrate . Grief : Pennie Davis ' daughters Sophie -LRB- left -RRB- and Georgia -LRB- right -RRB- read a statement outside Winchester Crown Court . Deceased : Detective Superintendent Paul Barton -LRB- pictured -RRB- said outside court : ` Pennie was a loving mother who doted on all her children and was just starting a new chapter in her life with husband Pete ' ` We appreciate the thorough police investigation , the dedication of the jury and all those involved in this lengthy court case and especially the people who bravely came to court to give evidence . ` We also want to thank the many people who have sent us love and good wishes throughout this ordeal . The outpouring of grief at her death is the best and most faithful tribute to her memory and will not be erased . ' Giving evidence , Carr said he only wanted to ` scare ' Mrs Davis and did not intend for any physical violence to be used against her . He told jurors : ` Physical words , no actual physical violence , to warn her to back away from me and my family and the wedding . ' Bereaved : Mr Davis called his wife an ` angel ' , adding : ` She was so caring and would do anything for anybody ' Grief : Mr Davis with his wife 's older children Sophie , Alex and Georga on the lawn in the New Forest where she used to play with them . Describing the payment to Robertson , Carr said : ` We talked about £ 1,500 of false money and that was how it was going to be at first because they have some value on the street . ` That changed later on through the week because he did n't want the fake currency - he wanted real money and £ 400 cash and a quarter of cocaine . ' Robertson said he agreed to help because he had been told by Carr that he was sexually abused by Mrs Davis as a child . Carr denied this , claiming that he had only told Robertson : ` She 's ruined my life , she brought up these allegations , made them up , yeah , ruined my life . ' Mrs Davis was followed from her work at a Sainsbury 's supermarket in her home town of Blackfield to the field near Beaulieu where she kept her horses . Robertson later confessed to a friend and ` justified ' his actions by saying that he believed his victim was a ` nonce ' - triggering a deep-seated hatred of paedophiles which dated back to when he was abused as a child . Detective Superintendent Paul Barton , of Hampshire Police , said outside court : ` Pennie was a loving mother who doted on all her children and was just starting a new chapter in her life with husband Pete . Pete , added that she loved showjumping when she was younger , adding : ` To me she was an angel , she was just so caring and she would do anything for anybody . ` When we met we just seemed to click and we saved each other and I knew everything was going to be fine . ` We had our lives just waiting to be taken with both hands together as a married couple and that was taken away from me . It 's been a nightmare ever since . ` Well they say it gets easier as time goes on but at the moment I ca n't see that . ' Search : Forensic police at the site in the New Forest where Mrs Davis was killed in September last year . Tragic : The murder victim 's family said she was devoted to looking after her horses .