Thierry Henry believes Arsenal need to sign four new players this summer if they are to challenge for the Premier League title next season . ` Arsenal need to buy four players , they need that spine , ' the Frenchman told Sky Sports . ` They need a goalkeeper , they still need a centre back , they still need a holding midfielder and , I 'm afraid , they need a top , top-quality striker in order to win this league again . ' Here , Sportsmail 's Simon Jones analyses the possible options for Arsenal in key positions . Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger will be looking to add to his squad ahead of the 2015-16 Premier League season . GOALKEEPERS . PETR CECH . Chelsea . Cost : £ 10million . Jose Mourinho says it will cost ` huge money ' for Cech who at 32 is still reliable and a calming influence . Paris Saint-Germain remain the front-runners for his signature although Liverpool maintain hope too . The figures and Cech 's age would normally act as a deterrent for the cash-conscious Arsene Wenger . However , Cech 's experience could settle an often nervy defence and lift the performance levels of those around him . Petr Cech looks set to leave Chelsea after losing his No 1 spot to Belgian goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois . BERND LENO . Bayer Leverkusen . Cost : £ 12million . Arsenal have a keen interest in the 23-year-old German Under 21 international . He already has good experience having made his Champions League debut against Chelsea in 2011 at 19 . Arsenal scouts watching his team-mate Lars Bender have been impressed and Leno is interested in a move . His contract runs to 2018 but he said : ` The foreign option is certainly appealing . A new language , a new culture - that I could definitely imagine . ' Bernd Leno pulls off a brilliant save during Bayer Leverkusen 's 1-1 Bundesliga draw against Cologne . MATTIA PERIN . Genoa . Cost : £ 16million . Arsenal have pondered the experience of Real Madrid 's Iker Casillas , the promise of Mainz 's Loris Karius but Mattia Perin at Genoa keeps cropping up on their scouting lists . He is 22 and tipped to become the new Gianluigi Buffon but Arsenal have watched him for three years now . Liverpool have also considered him as have Inter Milan . Another option with Premier League experience and at a similar price who has been discussed is Asmir Begovic of Stoke City . Arsenal have been scouting 22-year-old Genoa goalkeeper Mattia Perin for the past three years . DEFENDERS . ALEKSANDAR DRAGOVIC . Dinamo Kiev . Cost : £ 12million . Dragovic has been watched several times by Arsenal scouts . The Austria international is the subject of interest from Inter Milan and they are keen to strike a deal at the end of the season . Manchester United and West Ham have also watched Dragovic after first being alerted when he played for Basle alongside Fabian Schar . Arsenal though remain unsure Dragovic is for them . The Gunners have been keeping track of Aleksandar Dragovic but the Austrian is a target for Inter Milan . AYMEN ABDENNOUR . Monaco . Cost : £ 10million . The 25-year-old Tunisia international has not long extended his contract until 2019 but would like to join Arsenal who have had scouts posted at most Monaco games throughout the season . They are well aware of Abdennour , who has over 30 international caps and has progressed from his time at Toulouse . He is left-sided , has good pace and can pass well . He also had the measure of Olivier Giroud at the Emirates in February . Newcastle and Tottenham have checked on him also . Aymen Abdennour has not long extended his Monaco deal until 2019 but would like to join Arsenal . HECTOR MORENO . Espanyol . Cost : £ 8million . Arsenal scout Brian McDermott checked on Moreno last January as the Mexico international made his return to fitness from a broken leg he suffered last summer . They have maintained their interest in the 27-year-old who is highly rated by former coach Mauricio Pochettino at Tottenham . He is up for sale as Espanyol look to raise funds and has made 23 appearances since December . He was sent off in the derby against Barcelona at the weekend and could prove a cheaper back-up option . Hector Moreno -LRB- left -RRB- could be leaving Espanyol as the Spanish club look to raise funds this summer . DEFENSIVE MIDFIELDERS . GEOFFREY KONDOGBIA . Monaco . Cost : £ 20million . Arsenal are back on the trail of Kondogbia after he impressed against them in the Champions League . Liverpool have also watched the 22-year-old Frenchman but Wenger and Champions League football will strengthen Arsenal 's hand if they choose to step up interest . Much depends how Francis Coquelin performs between now and the end of the season but Kondogbia is a player of great potential . Monaco midfielder Geoffrey Kondogbia would give Arsene Wenger an alternative to Francis Coquelin . MORGAN SCHNEIDERLIN . Southampton . Cost : £ 30million . Like Lars Bender of Bayer Leverkusen and Moussa Sissoko at Newcastle , Schneiderlin is a player who has been long admired by Wenger . He is expected to be the subject of an early summer bid from Arsenal . Southampton want him to stay but have already earmarked players to replace him should he go . Tottenham , Manchester United and Liverpool have also looked at the 25-year-old France international , who is one of the league 's best midfielders . Morgan Schneiderlin -LRB- centre -RRB- has long been admired by Wenger and looks set to leave Southampton . JAMES McCARTHY . Everton . Cost : £ 30million . Everton do not wish to sell but McCarthy is a player Arsenal like a lot . Tottenham 's head of recruitment Paul Mitchell also has the Republic of Ireland international high on his wishlist and the north London neighbours will test Everton 's resolve as they formalise summer plans . McCarthy is still only 24 but has plenty of experience . Highly regarded by his team-mates and coaches alike , he can also play a more advanced role if required . James McCarthy celebrates scoring Everton 's opening goal against Manchester United on Sunday . CENTRE FORWARDS . MARIO MANDZUKIC . Atletico Madrid . Cost : £ 20million . Aggressive , skilful and a goalscorer . Mandzukic is a handful on and off the pitch but he would give Arsenal an edge they lack . He fell out with Pep Guardiola at Bayern Munich and his relationship with Diego Simeone has been strained . His representatives have already sounded out Premier League clubs and he seems intent on a move to England . Wenger wanted him last summer but the Croat was keen to replace Diego Costa at Atletico . Mario Mandzukic seems intent on a move to England and Wenger wanted the striker last summer . ALEXANDRE LACAZETTE . Lyon . Cost : £ 25million . Cash-strapped Lyon are doing their best to hike up the price of their star striker and he seems intent on leaving with Manchester City and Liverpool also among clubs to have checked on him this season . He has 28 goals in 32 games , breaking club records , but has struggled against the top sides . Still only 23 , Lacazette can play off either wing and act as a foil to a big target man . Fits Arsenal 's style and life with Wenger would be a big pull for the ambitious Frenchman . Alexandre Lacazette -LRB- right -RRB- has scored 28 goals in 32 games for Lyon so far this season . EDINSON CAVANI . Paris Saint-Germain . Cost : £ 35million . Cavani has been looking for a move away from Paris for the past year and Juventus are very keen . His representatives held talks with Manchester United last year and he was ready to join prior to David Moyes departing . PSG do not wish to sell though and Arsenal have been considering other options such as Napoli 's Gonzalo Higuain , Mattia Destro at Roma and Palermo 's Paulo Dybala , but he is keen to stay in Italy . Edinson Cavani has been looking for a move away from Paris and has been linked to Arsenal .