Jameela spent £ 3,000 on having all her amalgam fillings removed and replaced with white fillings . Jameela Jamil has the dazzling smile that you 'd expect of a television presenter and former model . Yet the 29-year-old broadcaster is convinced her teeth - or rather , the dental work done on them - triggered a host of health problems that plagued her for nearly seven years . ` From the age of 21 , I would wake up in the morning with a puffy , swollen face feeling utterly hungover - even though I do n't drink , ' says Jameela , who has presented the Radio 1 Chart Show and programmes for Channel 4 . ` My head felt heavy and I was permanently exhausted . Occasionally , I would even faint . There were days when I 'd arrive at work and the make-up artists would send me home because I just looked awful and felt terrible . ' After several months of this , she went to a private doctor who referred her for tests . Jameela thought she might have a serious disease such as lupus , an auto-immune condition which can cause inflammation and swelling in the joints and other parts of the body . In fact , the tests suggested she had high levels of mercury . After other potential causes such as diet were ruled out , it was suggested the problem was down to the ten amalgam fillings she 'd had as a child . So she spent £ 3,000 on having them all removed and replaced with white fillings . Dental amalgam has been used for more than 150 years , and every year 12 million fillings made from it are given to patients in Britain . Amalgam remains a standard material to use , especially on back teeth because it is particularly robust . It is made from a mixture of metals including silver , tin and copper . Liquid mercury is used to help mix these components together . Breathing in extremely high concentrations of mercury can trigger bronchitis and pneumonia and affect the central nervous system , causing muscle tremors . Long-term exposure to high levels can affect kidneys . But mercury poisoning is very rare , suggests Dr Prem Mahendra , a consultant haematologist at the Queen Elizabeth Hospital , Birmingham . ` In 27 years as a haematologist I have never been asked to test for mercury , ' he says . Dentists agree that when fillings are being put in or removed , the mercury can release vapour . This is absorbed into the bloodstream in the lungs and then taken to the kidneys to be passed out harmlessly in the urine . Blood tests showed she had high mercury levels . With nothing else to account for these raised levels , her fillings were pinpointed as the cause . But the amounts taken in from fillings is ` minuscule ' , says Salford dentist Dr Ben Atkins . Indeed , a review by the EU Commission 's Scientific Committee in 2008 concluded there was no risk from amalgam , says Professor Damien Walmsley , the British Dental Association 's scientific adviser . Amalgam is ` strong , durable and adaptable ' and there is ` no evidence to suggest these fillings are anything other than safe to use ' , adds StJohn Crean , professor of medicine in dentistry and an oral and maxillofacial surgeon at the University of Central Lancashire . It is true that mercury can sometimes cause sensitivity and soreness in teeth - 5 per cent of the population react to contact with amalgams in this way - but this poses no risk to health , adds Professor Walmsley . And yet dental amalgam is banned in countries such as Sweden and Norway , because of patient concern about the risk . Finland and Japan have restrictions on its use , with a view to phasing it out . This follows research linking mercury to certain diseases . A 2012 review of 106 studies published in the Journal of Alzheimer 's Disease suggested mercury from amalgams could be a contributing factor to the condition . But fillings are n't the only source of mercury . It can get into the blood through food - nearly all fish and shellfish contain traces , though the Food Standards Agency says this is n't a concern for most people . However , some fish and shellfish contain higher levels of mercury that could harm an unborn baby or young child 's developing nervous system . That 's why young children and women planning to have a baby or who are already pregnant or breastfeeding are advised to avoid fish that can have higher levels of mercury , such as shark , swordfish and marlin . Pregnant women are advised to limit their tuna to no more than two steaks or four medium-sized cans a week . And yet dental amalgam -LRB- pictured , posed by model -RRB- is banned in countries such as Sweden and Norway , because of patient concern about the risk . But Jameela does n't eat fish , so knew the mercury levels could n't be due to her diet . She 's allergic to peanuts , shellfish and dairy foods and at 12 was diagnosed with coeliac disease - a condition which causes an adverse reaction to gluten , found in wheat , barley and rye . Following blood tests , it was discovered that she had high mercury levels . With nothing else to account for these raised levels , her fillings were pinpointed as the cause . ` All I could think of was I had to get rid of them , ' says Jameela . But while she expected her symptoms to immediately subside once her fillings were removed , they continued to affect her over the next few years . ` I hated the fatigue , the headaches , the fact I should have been fit and healthy but felt rotten all the time , ' Jameela says . ` I read up on this and discovered that not only does it take time for mercury levels to drop , but vapour can be released from the mercury when the fillings are removed and leak into the system . ` I think that the mercury was affecting my immune and digestive system . ' Dentist Dr Atkins has spoken to many patients who have wanted to have their silver fillings removed because they 're concerned about the potential health issues . But he warns that removing amalgams can do more harm than good as more vapour can be inhaled into the system by doing this . ` Aside from the fact there is no evidence to suggest amalgams are anything other than safe , every time a dentist drills a tooth , they remove a little dental tissue . So you are essentially damaging the tooth , ' he says . The number of fillings in the average adult 's mouth . Still struggling , Jameela saw a nutritionist who recommended drinking solutions made from clay and algae chlorella three times a day . These apparently bind to mercury and help remove it . She did this for two years , and tried various diets to tackle the ` inflammation ' linked to the mercury that was making her ill . ` For my 25th birthday , my flatmate gave me a piece of melon with a candle in it - cake was out of the question , ' she says . ` It took about a year before I started to feel better . It 's all had a massive impact on my life . ' However , Anton Emmanuel , consultant gastroenterologist at University College Hospital , London , is not convinced mercury could affect digestion in this way . ` You would have to be exposed to massive overdoses of mercury for the gut to be affected , ' he says . ` Not in the level or forms that you get with mercury fillings . ` In fact , I see patients whose gut symptoms , ironically , seem to be caused by the stress and anxiety of thinking that it is their mercury fillings which are causing stomach problems , when there is no physical sign of any gut disorders . ' But Jameela remains convinced that the mercury was the cause of her problems . ` There is so much we do n't know about amalgam fillings . I know I feel much better now , ' she says . Private clinics offer mercury testing . But Dr Mahendra says anyone thinking of having this done should check that the clinic 's laboratories have clinical pathology accreditation -LRB- CPA -RRB- to ensure that the tests are carried out properly . Jameela is supporting Allergy UK to raise awareness of food allergies and is ambassador for Holland & Barrett 's Free From range .