The Tories today launched an extraordinary attack on Ed Miliband , claiming that after stabbing his brother in the back he now wants to do the same to Britain . Defence Secretary Michael Fallon claimed the Labour leader was willing to trade away Britain 's nuclear deterrent in order to secure power in a backroom deal with the Scottish Nationalists . Mr Miliband said the Conservative campaign had ` descended into the gutter ' and claimed David Cameron ` should be ashamed ' . Deeply personal : Defence Secretary Michael Fallon claimed Ed Miliband is ` so desperate ' for power he is willing to weaken UK defences to win support from SNP . He confirmed that a Conservative government would go ahead with four new Trident nuclear missile submarines to replace the existing fleet , at a cost of £ 100billion . Labour rushed to say it was also backing four submarines , despite Ed Balls last month saying he was examining the idea of cutting it to three . Doubt has been cast on Labour 's commitment to the deterrent because Mr Miliband could be forced to rely on the SNP support to form a government . SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon has made clear that scrapping the Trident missile system , which is based in Scotland , would be a red line for her propping up a Labour government in Westminster . Mr Fallon launched a highly personal attack on Mr Miliband , saying it was an issue of trust and leadership . He told BBC Radio 4 's Today programme : ` We need to be absolutely clear when we come to this decision in the next parliament . ` We saw in that leadership election just what he would do to get into power . We saw what he did to his own brother . We need to know what he would do . ` We ca n't be sure what kind of backstairs deal he is likely to do with the SNP ... that is the uncertainty . We have seen what he is prepared to do to get into power . ' In a speech today , he said : ` Ed Miliband stabbed his own brother in the back to become Labour leader . Now he is willing to stab the United Kingdom in the back to become prime minister . ' Mr Fallon will insist the Tories would ` never ' do a deal on the future of Trident in another coalition -- and that a man prepared to stab his brother in the back to win the Labour leadership can not be trusted not to risk the nation 's security . ` Nicola Sturgeon could not be clearer . She has told Ed Miliband that scrapping Trident -- our country 's vital nuclear deterrent -- is a red line she will not cross , ' the Defence Secretary will say . ` If he wants the keys to No 10 , he must abandon any plans to renew our current Vanguard ballistic missile submarines . ` The SNP 's childlike world view would sacrifice the long-term security of the UK . The nuclear deterrent protects all of Britain , and the SNP represents a separatist threat that would dangerously weaken our collective defence . Britain does n't pay ransoms and the Conservatives would never bow to demands from Scottish separatists . Vow : The attack comes as the Tories pledge to build a £ 100billion fleet of four new Trident submarines . Mr Miliband brushed off the criticism , insisting he had ` got use to ' Conservative attacks . Speaking at an event in London , the Labour leader added : ` The Conservative Party can throw what they like at me , they can make all the personal attacks on me that they want to , but I 've got use to it . ` And you know what ? I 'm resilient . And I 'm resilient for one reason alone - because I 'm fighting for the British people in this campaign . ` I 'm fighting for the kind of country the British people want . ' Mr Miliband said that over the first two weeks of the Conservative campaign , it was clear ` they have nothing positive to say about the country ' . The Labour leader said : ` I think David Cameron should be ashamed . He 's got nothing positive to say about the future of the country , he 's got no forward vision for the country . And he sends out his minions , like Michael Fallon , to engage in desperate smears . ` I think decent Conservatives right across our country , decent Conservative MPs , decent Conservative party members , decent people right across Britain , will say ` Come on , we 're better than this kind of politics ' . There is mounting Labour panic at polls suggesting the rampant SNP is on course for a landslide north of the border . Such a political earthquake would be likely to leave the SNP holding the balance of power at Westminster and determining who is in government for the first time in the 300-year history of the Union . Shadow foreign secretary Douglas Alexander told the same programme that the Labour Party had made it ` crystal clear ' it supports the renewal of Trident . He said : ` This is desperate stuff from a rattled campaign that spent yesterday defending tax avoidance and is now descending into politics of the gutter . ` This is not up for negotiation with the SNP or with any other party . I do n't know how I can say it plainer than that . ` We are absolutely committed to a continuous at-sea deterrent . The Tories are like a wounded , cornered animal at the moment . ' SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon has made clear that scrapping the Trident missile system , which is based in Scotland , would be a red line for her propping up a Labour government in Westminster . Diane Abbott , who used Twitter to question the £ 100billion cost of the weapons system . Labour leader Ed Miliband faces a challenge from dozens of Labour candidates calling for Trident to be scrapped . Among them is Diane Abbott , who used Twitter to question the £ 100billion cost of the weapons system . ` How exactly does submarine system designed for Cold War era combat new threats from international terrorism ? ' she asked . ` Renewing Trident could cost £ 100 billion . Would pay for : 150,000 new nurses ; 1.5 million affordable homes ; 2 million jobs & much more . ' Labour CND lists 52 candidates standing for election on May 7 calling for Trident to be scrapped . They call for ` a Labour Government that delivers on disarmament of the UK 's nuclear weapons , as we are bound to under the Non-Proliferation Treaty ' . Both Labour and the SNP have ruled out a formal coalition , but left the door open to a looser deal that would see Mr Miliband in power even if he wins fewer seats than the Tories . Earlier this year , Mr Miliband suggested he might back a cheaper Trident replacement than the current plan , estimated at £ 100billion for four submarines at about £ 5billion each , and annual running costs of £ 3billion over the subs ' lifetime of about 30 years . Today 's Tory pledge puts Labour in a difficult position , since ruling out any compromise on Trident would infuriate the SNP and many voters in Scotland , where support for the system 's renewal is lower than in the rest of the UK . Mr Fallon will add today : ` It is a sign of his weakness he has failed to rule out a deal . Voters can only conclude he would be prepared to trade Britain 's security just to get his hands on the keys to Downing Street . ` The future of our country 's security will be on the ballot paper too . There will be a clear choice between a Conservative government that will put our national security first . Or Ed Miliband , a man so desperate for power he is ready to barter away our nuclear deterrent in a backroom deal with the SNP . ' Liberal Democrat defence spokesman Sir Nick Harvey said he did not see any need for Trident to be patrolling the seas 24/7 while the UK has ` no known nuclear adversary ' . He told BBC Radio 4 's Today programme the nuclear deterrent was ` worth retaining ' , but said two submarines would provide a ` perfectly meaningful deterrent ' , although not on a ` continuous basis ' . Retaining three submarines would enable the UK to have a ` continuous at-sea deterrence ' , he added . Natalie Bennett , leader of the Green Party , said : ` This latest round of Tory speculation does n't conceal the fact that the Labour Party is committed to renewing our multibillion pound nuclear weapons system . ` The truth is that the Labour leadership has made it clear that they will prioritise spending £ 100billion on a cold war relic - rather than investing in the schools and hospitals that this country so desperately needs . ` Only one party is standing up to Trident across the UK . Green MPs will put pressure on the Government to ensure that a proper debate is had over Trident . '