Drugs kingpin Gavin Thorman -LRB- pictured -RRB- operated his empire from HMP Altcourse where he boasted in Welsh he would make ` millions ' when he got out . The kingpin of a violent drugs gang who planned to spend his money on new teeth , liposuction and a facelift has been jailed for 12 years after being caught out speaking about the illegal operation in Welsh . Father-of-four Gavin Thorman , 36 , of Caernarfon , Gwynedd , operated his drug empire from HMP Altcourse in Liverpool , where he boasted in Welsh that he would make ` millions ' when he got out of jail , Caernarfon Crown Court heard . Drugs worth £ 200,000 , luxury cars , guns and even a boat were all seized by detectives when they cracked the huge crime operation which involved 26 members of the same gang . Thorman organised the supply of cocaine and cannabis from Liverpool and Manchester in one of the largest conspiracies of its kind in North Wales . The court heard he planned to spend his ill-gotten money on new teeth , liposuction , ab implants and a facelift when he got out of jail . The gang leader thought he could get away with talking to his contacts from prison in Welsh - but was unaware that police were recording and translating every conversation . He was serving a sentence in the prison for assault when he was overheard bragging about his new contacts and discussing drugs . Thorman told his girlfriend : ` I 'm only doing a small sentence so they wo n't be listening to my calls . ' Prosecutor Jayne La Grua read excerpts from a phone call between Thorman and fellow defendants Richard Broadley , 34 , of Colwyn Bay , and Adam Roberts , 33 , of Caernarfon , in which Thorman boasted about links to a notorious Merseyside crime baron . Thorman also bragged about plans to import cannabis from Amsterdam and ship BMWs to Jamaica . He told his then girlfriend and fellow defendant Yasmin Owen , 25 , of Caernarfon : ` We 're going to take over Wrexham ... Wrexham 's like 10 times the size of town -LRB- Caernarfon -RRB- . ` I 'll make a fortune there you know . ' Some of the drugs seized during the operation - which was one of the largest to take place in north Wales . Thorman sent text messages which showed he maintained his position through threats of violence . Drugs worth nearly £ 200,000 were seized by police during a five-year painstaking investigation . The court heard Thorman planned to spend his ill-gotten money on new teeth , liposuction and a facelift . On December 5 , 2013 , Owen asked Thorman : ` Does anyone hear these phone calls ? ' He replied : ` No , as if . They 're in Welsh anyway , are n't they ? No one would understand anyway . ' Ms La Grua said : ` He told her he planned to get new teeth in a couple of years once he 's finished fighting , that top and bottom sets would cost £ 3,000 each , that he fancied lipo and ab implants which would be about eight grand , and definitely a facelift when he 's older , maybe for his 40th birthday . ` They then discussed a holiday in either Mexico or the Maldives , and possibly the Maldives for their wedding . ' One of the guns sized by police following a number of raids which eventually led to yesterday 's sentencing . The entire 26-strong gang was caught after painstaking surveillance work by 200 police officers from North Wales , Cheshire , Merseyside and Manchester , who followed their movements between North Wales and north-west England , as well as tracking their mobile phones . Despite Thorman only using unregistered pay-as-you-go mobile phones , police managed to trace 49 different numbers linked to him . Text messages showed he maintained his position through threats of violence . Thorman admitted conspiracy to supply cocaine and cannabis . Thorman was jailed after he admitted conspiracy to supply cocaine -LRB- pictured -RRB- and cannabis . The judge was told he also had a previous conviction for possessing heroin with intent to supply . Yesterday Thorman was one of 23 men and three women - all from the Caernarfon and Manchester areas - to appear before Caernarfon Crown Court . All were sentenced for their part in conspiring to supply class A and B controlled drugs into North Wales between 2009 and 2014 . In total the 26 received 127 years imprisonment - which is the most significant sentencing the region has ever seen for one investigation . He and the others were jailed following a five-year investigation by North Wales Police codenamed Operation Yonside . While in prison Thorman boasted about his links to a notorious Merseyside crime baron . Cars , drugs , guns and even this boat were all seized by detectives as they cracked the huge crime operation . It was set up as part of the wider Operation Scorpion which was set up to smash organised crime gangs and was launched in 2009 after large quantities of cocaine were found hidden in a hotel locker and the loft of a house in Caernarfon . Information supplied by local police and members of the community helped detectives uncover drugs valued at over £ 179,000 stashed in various houses in the Caernarfon area . Over 500 witness statements were recorded . Over 200 officers from North Wales , Merseyside , Cheshire and Manchester were used . North Wales Police also worked with North Wales Fire and Rescue Service , Gwynedd Social Services and Gwynedd Council 's CCTV . 180 witnesses were involved . 39 people were arrested and 34 addresses searched . Over 200 hours of suspect interviews were carried out . Over 2,700 exhibits were recovered , examined and reviewed . 192 phones and devices were recovered , examined and reviewed . 141 phone numbers were attributed to 34 defendants . 66 SIM cards and handsets were checked . 413 telecommunication records were used . 9,228 phone numbers were researched . Police recovered 1.24 kg of cocaine valued at £ 101,799 , as well as 5.8 kg of cannabis and plants worth £ 97,770 . But Judge Merfyn Hughes QC said : ` I am entirely satisfied that the total quantities of both drugs was many times that amount . ' The purity of the adulterated drugs was between 20 per cent and 30 per cent . Judge Hughes said : ` It was a large-scale and sophisticated conspiracy , one of the largest in the last 15 years . ` It involved at least 26 individuals in a controlled crime syndicate . ` Gavin Thorman controlled 14 individuals . ` The harm to the general public and to the community of North Wales and Caernarfon in this case is incalculable . ' Detective Superintendent John Hanson Head of Major Crime North Wales Police said : ` The communities of North West Wales are a safer place in which to live , visit , work and socialise today after the successful conclusion of this investigation . ` This has been a protracted and often complex investigation into the unlawful activities of an organised crime group who have established criminal links across the North West of England to facilitate the distribution of controlled drugs into North West Wales . ` This criminal gang contained a number of violent individuals who would use and threaten violence as part of their criminality - however the communities in which they operated were not prepared to tolerate this behaviour . ` I am grateful for their support and for the commitment and assistance we received from law enforcement colleagues and multi-agency partners . ` This has been a collective effort with a very positive outcome ' . Caernarfon crown court heard Thorman organised the supply of cocaine and cannabis from Liverpool and Manchester in one of the largest conspiracies of its kind in North Wales . The 26 defendants are : . In total the 26 defendants received 127 years imprisonment - the most significant sentencing in the region .