The Irish tourist who left his brother fighting for life in an alleged one-punch attack has avoided jail . Barry Lyttle , 33 , has been given a 13-month suspended jail sentence after he pleaded guilty earlier this month to recklessly causing grievous bodily harm to his younger brother Patrick . Patrick , 31 , was rushed to hospital and spent six days in a coma after he was allegedly struck by his brother , Barry in Kings Cross in Sydney 's inner-city on January 3 . But on Friday , Patrick had his arm around his brother , who was crying when Magistrate Graeme Curran handed down the sentence in the Downing Centre Local Court . Scroll down for video . Barry Lyttle arrives at the Downing Centre Court in Sydney on Friday . Barry Lyttle -LRB- 3rd right -RRB- arrives with brother Patrick -LRB- 2nd left -RRB- and father Oliver -LRB- left -RRB- at the Downing Centre Court in Sydney on Friday . Patrick spent nearly a week in an induced coma in January following his brother 's alleged attack before making his remarkable recovery at St Vincent 's Hospital in Sydney 's inner suburbs . Appearing outside of court on Friday , Patrick told reporters his brother has been through an ` awful lot throughout this whole process ' . ` Just delighted to go home with the family now , ' Patrick said . Mr Curran said Patrick appeared to have recovered well since the incident and probably did n't require further treatment . While the brothers had been drinking during their out night in Kings Cross , Mr Curran found alcohol was not a significant factor . He said Barry was of good character , remorseful and unlikely to re-offend . Supporters in the court gasped as Barry was told he was being sentenced to jail but were hugging minutes later when the entire sentence was suspended . The brothers plan to speak to youth about the dangers of one-punch assaults when they return to Northern Ireland . Barry Lyttle was charged with punching his brother Patrick outside a Kings Cross night club . Barry has avoided jail time in Sydney after pleading guilty to recklessly causing grievous bodily harm . The Sentence comes after Downing Centre Local Court was told of the guilty plea during a brief mention , where Barry was supported by family , including his younger brother Patrick . Barry 's legal team had tried to negotiate a lesser charge over the attack , with Patrick publicly speaking out in support of his brother and calling for the charges to be dismissed . But prosecutors decided to go ahead with the original charge and that Lyttle agreed to plead guilty . The hearing was expected to include CCTV footage of the attack and evidence from criminologist John Braithwaite , an expert in ` restorative justice ' , which covers sentencing options other than imprisonment . The Lyttle family has previously said they believe the charge against Lyttle should be dropped . The Lyttle family has previously said they believe the charge against Lyttle should be dropped . During a brief mention of the matter earlier this month , the prosecutor asked for a further adjournment saying police had served both parties with further material and they needed more time to negotiate . Patrick had previously called on the charges laid against his brother to be dropped . The brothers , who have been accompanied by their father OIiver throughout their stay in Australia , wish to return home to Ireland together as soon as possible . Barry Lyttle -LRB- pictured left -RRB- has pleaded guilty to causing his brother Patrick -LRB- right -RRB- grievous bodily harm . Patrick Lyttle -LRB- right -RRB- said he had made a ` fantastic recovery ' Patrick Lyttle -LRB- middle -RRB- has called on charges against his brother Barry -LRB- left -RRB- to be dropped . Patrick was treated by paramedics at the scene where he was found in a pool of blood and vomit on January 3 . The brothers from Belfast in Ireland -LRB- pictured here as children -RRB- went on a night out on January 3 in Kings Cross . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .