David Curry -LRB- pictured -RRB- was asked to leave The Wallow Wetherspoon pub in Blyth , Northumberland because he was wearing tracksuit bottoms . A father was asked to leave a Wetherspoon pub for a family breakfast with his wife and stepdaughter because he was wearing tracksuit bottoms . David Curry , 49 , had travelled ten miles from home to visit The Wallow in Blyth , Northumberland , for the first time with wife Vee , 45 , and her daughter Kayleigh . But when the family arrived Mr Curry was told he could not stay in the pub because he was wearing a pair of £ 40 Adidas trousers . The pub chain has apologised to Mr Curry , from Ashington , but said a no-tracksuit policy had been in place at the bar since 2013 . ` I go to my local Wetherspoon pub in Ashington all the time wearing track suit bottoms and we have never been denied entry , ' said Mr Curry . ` We decided to go to this one instead for a change of scene . ` We had just walked in and were just about to go to the bar when a waiter said `` excuse me you have got to leave , you are wearing track suit bottoms '' . ` I could n't believe it . I just had to laugh and walk away . ' Instead , the family travelled back to Ashington and went to a nearby pub for Sunday lunch . Self-employed builder Mr Curry said he often wears sportswear as part of a health regime that saw him shed 17 stone through exercise and giving up alcohol . He had been drinking 25 pints a day and ballooned to 28 stone , but changed his ways and started running up to 20 miles a day after being told he would die if he did not lose weight . Teaching assistant Mrs Curry said the pub chain has lost money by turning the family away at the door . ` I said you are joking ! We had just come for our breakfast . When Mr Curry arrived at the pub with his wife and stepdaughter he was told he could not order a drink because of his attire . ` Dave was wearing a pair of £ 40 trousers , they were n't cheap . ` Yet he was being told to leave by a waiter who had n't even ironed his uniform . The waiter looked really scruffy . ` There are people wearing tracksuit bottoms in Wetherspoons all the time . ` It was the first time we had ever visited that Wetherspoon pub and we wo n't be coming back . ` We just left - we were fuming . ' Wetherspoon spokesman Eddie Gershon said : ` Wetherspoon apologise to the gentleman and completely understand his disappointment . The pub chain has apologised to Mr Curry but said a no-tracksuit policy had been in place at the bar since 2013 . ` The pub has operated a no tracksuit policy since opening towards the end of 2013 . ` We appreciate that the gentleman in question was n't aware of this and we would also ask our staff to use discretion . ` However on this occasion the fact is he was refused service and to reiterate we apologise to him for this . ' Mr Gershon said the no tracksuit policy is only in place in Blyth , Northumberland , and not in other Wetherspoon branches .