Getting the best price for your unwanted wares online can seem like a fine art , but researchers have found a simple trick that could see your bids soar . Economists plotted how much goods listed on eBay sold for and discovered that items with precise prices attract higher offers than those with round numbers , such as $ 1,000 . In fact , sellers who end their price with ` 00 ' typically receive offers that are five to eight per cent lower than those with more specific prices . US researchers claim that exact prices of goods on eBay attract higher offers than round numbers . This chart shows that when the posted initial price is of a round number -LRB- the red dots -RRB- , like $ 1,000 , the average counteroffer is much lower than if it is a non-round number -LRB- the blue circles -RRB- , like $ 1,079 . In terms of the study , the word ` odd ' is used to represent an unusual number , and not the opposite of even . Competitive options for buyers and sellers can define a limit beyond which they will not go , but there is still a range of prices that fall within those limits , Professor of Strategic Management at University of Toronto , Joshua Gans , writes for The Conversation . Within that range , sellers are looking for a higher price while buyers would like a lower one , so each has an incentive to signal to the other their willingness to be a tough negotiator . Sometimes , however , sellers may want to send a signal they are willing to be less tough , such as when they are keen to sell an item quickly . One method is to lower their starting price , but this is n't always desirable . Sellers on eBay who end their price with ` 00 ' typically receive offers for their goods that are five to eight per cent lower than those with more specific prices , such as this watch example . While eBay is used for auctions , the bulk of its business comes from ` Buy it now ' sales , such as this iPhone . The study found that prices that end in ' 00 ' as above are more likely to sell quickly , but may not attract the most lucrative counter offers from sellers . Researchers from Cornell University , eBay Research Labs and the University of California , Berkeley , have addressed the problem in a new paper . Researchers from Cornell University , eBay Research Labs and the University of California looked at pricing strategies within the confines of eBay 's so-called ` negotiation platform ' . Most trades on the site are listed for a ` Buy it now ' price and the seller can give buyers the option of making them an alternative offer . For example , a seller of an iPhone may list a price of $ 1,000 -LRB- £ 660 -RRB- , and someone might come back with a counteroffer of $ 800 -LRB- £ 530 -RRB- . This could go on for about three rounds , in line with eBay rules , and could last up to a week . The study found that when the initial price is a round number , such as $ 1,000 , the average counteroffer is between five and eight per cent lower than if it is a non-round number , like $ 1,079 . In fact , the economists said sellers can even end up with a higher counteroffer if they list at $ 997 rather than $ 1,000 . But sellers with round numbers are more likely to close a deal six to 11 days sooner , and are up to 5 per cent more likely to sell at all . Matt Backus , Thomas Blake and Steve Tadelis looked at this issue within the confines of eBay 's so-called ` negotiation platform ' . While some people associate eBay with auctions rather than straightforward sales , this has n't been eBay 's main business for about a decade . Instead , most trades are listed for a ` Buy it now ' price and the seller can give buyers the option of making them an alternative offer . For example , a seller of an iPhone may list a price of $ 1,000 -LRB- £ 660 -RRB- , and someone might come back with a counteroffer of $ 800 -LRB- £ 530 -RRB- , to which the seller could then accept or make a new offer . This could go on for about three rounds , in line with eBay rules , and could last up to a week . But the study shows that when the initial price is a round number , such as $ 1,000 , the average counteroffer is between five and eight per cent lower than if it is a non-round number , like $ 1,079 . In fact , the economists said sellers can even end up with a higher counteroffer if they list at $ 997 rather than $ 1,000 . ` In other words , you are better off initially asking for a lower price if price was all you cared about , ' Professor Gans writes . The researchers believe that what is going on here is ` cheap talk ' - an easy-to-make statement that may be true or untrue with no consequences for dishonesty - and not an otherwise reliable signal . There are some sellers who do n't just care about price and , absent any other way of signalling that to buyers , they set their price at a round number . The researchers applied their findings to house sales and discovered that people looking to sell their house quickly should pick a round number , but if they 're willing to wait , an odd one is more likely to get a good price . While the study is new , Professor Gans said the technique to sell houses -LRB- a stock image is shown -RRB- as quickly as possible , or for as much money as possible , is already used by estate agents . Alternatively more patient sellers may be using non-round numbers to signal their toughness . Either way , the last two digits of the price is ` cheap talk ' . But sellers with round numbers are more likely to close a deal six to 11 days sooner , and are up to 5 per cent more likely to sell at all . This is interesting because the last two digits of a price make little difference to the price , Professor Gans notes . The authors wanted to see if their analysis would work in other markets and whether they could guess what the cheap talk prices would be . They found was that while the effect they observed did n't happen for all other prices , it did arise for prices that ended in 99 cents . Prices ending in 99 cents , or 99 pence , are very common in shops and send out the same type of signal as the ` 00 ' prices , they said . The researchers also discovered that people looking to sell their house quickly should pick a round number , but if they are willing to wait , an odd one is more likely to get a good price -- a trick estate agents already use .