She shot to fame as the half-naked cavorting star of Robin Thicke 's steamy Blurred Lines video and landed a role in Gone Girl alongside industry heavyweights Ben Affleck and Rosamind Pike . Ever since , Emily Ratajkowski has become an object of desire for men worldwide - and women everywhere are desperate to emulate her curves . A newly unveiled set of photographs show London-born Emily , 23 , showing off her enviable figure - so what 's her secret ? Scroll down for video . Emily Ratajkowski swears by hiking , yoga and occasional indulgence when it comes to maintaining her enviable figure . The American model , who saw her star rocket since being cast in the video for the controversial song featuring T.I. and Pharrell in 2013 , has revealed exactly how she achieves and maintains the enviable body . Discussing her eating habits with ELLE , she said : ` You know , I 'm a carnivore . I really like to eat meat . I crave iron so I am definitely not the kind of person who you will find eating a salad . I like to keep it really balanced to give my body energy and also be healthy . ' The busy model and actress says that cooking using fresh ingredients is essential so that she can monitor how much salt and sugar she is putting into her body . While it may not look like it , Emily maintains that it 's ` good ' to indulge occasionally . She said : ` I would n't say I am the type of girl who craves Doritos but I definitely love a good cupcake sometimes . Or a croissant in the morning . ` I think it is like really important to give yourself a break . And also just really think about where things are coming from what kind of ingredients are going into your body . ' The American model saw her star rocket since being cast in the video for the controversial song featuring T.I. and Pharrell in 2013 . Fausto Puglisi Fall Winter 2015 Collection . Shop the designer at Farfetch ! Visit site . Emily Ratajkowski 's made it clear that she has one hell of a figure , so you better believe this hot new model on the rise is going to flaunt it ! Emily wore a Fausto Puglisi dress from the designer 's most recent runway collection that was bold Kelly green with an asymmetrical cut out and single strap heavy metal embellishment . The designer has become known for these heavily-jeweled appliques that give all of his pieces an edgy , punk feel . The look is appropriately risque and daring for the model who got her big break in the nude in the music video for Blurred Lines . Emily 's dress just came down the runway mere weeks ago , so it 's definitely not available to the public yet and will be pretty pricey once it does . You can shop the designer over at Farfetch or check out some similar dresses that channel the same sexy , cut out vibe as this Fausto Puglisi number ! BCBGMAXAZRIA Women 's Shea Side Cutout Dress at Amazon . Visit site . Susana Monaco Olivia Weave Dress -LRB- now on sale for $ 112 ! -RRB- at Revolve . Visit site . Assali Rake Mini Dress -LRB- now on sale for $ 192 ! -RRB- at Revolve . Visit site . AQ/AQ Killer Cutout Dress at Bloomingdale 's . Visit site . While it may not look like it , Emily maintains that it 's ` good ' to indulge occasionally and she loves the odd cupcake or croissant in the morning . In terms of her exercise regime , the brunette beauty says she loves hiking in Los Angeles and always fits in her yoga classes a ` couple of time a week ' , which she says is a ` big part ' of her regimen . Her regime is certainly paying off ; the star was recently snapped up to front Intimately Free People 's latest collection , as well as a Yamamay lingerie campaign . Speaking to MailOnline , Emily recently revealed her thoughts on sexuality and feminism . She explained : ` I think you can be a sexual woman , empowered and be a feminist . I think sexuality should be empowering to women , it 's not always misogynistic or exploitative . ' Emily , who is n't afraid to parade her figure on Instagram , always fits in her yoga classes a ` couple of time a week ' , which she says is a ` big part ' of her regimen . Emily also admitted that she had initially turned down the Blurred Lines job , until she eventually saw it as a ` good opportunity ' . She said : ` I had initially turned it down . I was eventually convinced by the director , who I really liked , to do it . ` It was kind of a good opportunity for me in a way because I could n't really speak about the lyrics as I did n't write them , but I could about the video . ` I had all kinds of ideas to say so it ended up being a good platform , because on the other side I think people were like , `` Well let 's hear what the girls think . '' ' The model insists she 's now being ` selective ' with roles as she pursues more acting jobs and claims it is not only women who are objectified but male actors also . She said : ` I want to establish myself as someone who can act and does n't have to rely on my figure or modelling background . ' The model , pictured next to Ellie Goulding at the Topshop show , insists she 's now being ` selective ' with roles as she pursues more acting jobs and claims it is not only women who are objectified but male actors also .