This is the dramatic moment robbers who raided a cash and carry were arrested while running along a busy motorway after a dramatic chase which saw them ram two police cars . The gang of four were spotted trying to escape along the M42 after they held up a cash-and-carry in Derby on September 26 last year . The white Seat Leon they were travelling in was traced by a police helicopter and today dramatic footage has been released showing the car ramming two police vehicles as they tried to hide under a bridge . Scroll down for video . The gang of robbers attempted to flee on foot along a busy road in a dramatic police chase after holding up a cash and carry . The chase was captured on camera by a police helicopter , that had been following the gang as they tried to escape . Police eventually caught up with the men , arresting them . They have now been jailed at Birmingham Crown Court . The footage then shows the gang jumping out of their stolen vehicle when they realise they were boxed in and shows them fleeing along the busy A45 on foot . The robbers can then be seen running across the busy motorway slip road as police give chase . And they manage to grab one of the gang members who can be seen being pulled out of bushes and handcuffed on the floor by three officers . Officers then managed to arrested the four robbers but had to use CS spray when one of the men , John Gourlay , produced a baton and threatened police at the road side . While in custody , the gang were linked to a further 20 offences where thousands of pounds worth of cigarettes were stolen over a three week period . Earlier the gang of four were in a stolen Seat Leon and attempted to flee from police in the vehicle . The gang were unaware they were being followed by an unmarked police car and then stopped under a bridge . Eventually the Seat became boxed in by the police vehicles , with the gang attempting to ram the cars out of the way . The four men were charged with conspiracy to commit robbery in September last year and appeared at Birmingham Crown Court for trial last month . They were all convicted of the charge and three of the gang have now been sentenced to over 30 years in prison . Gourlay , 41 , of no fixed address , was jailed for 13 years and three months whilst Anton Richards , 29 , of Birmingham , was caged for 11 years . Charlie Johnson , 19 , of Birmingham , was jailed for six years but the last member Kyran Rooney , 19 , of Yardley , Birmingham will be sentenced on May 7 . The court heard how the gang stole a series of cars from addresses in the West Midlands , Warwickshire and Shropshire . John Gourlay , left , has been sentenced to 13 years in prison , and Anton Richards , right , 11 years after the raid on the cash and carry . They used the vehicles as getaway cars in raids on cigarette delivery vans across the Midlands region between August 31 and September 26 last year . The robbers also targeted customers as they left cash and carries , having stocked up their cars with tobacco , cigarettes and alcohol . They were eventually caught when they were spotted travelling on the M42 towards Birmingham in the Seat Leon , which they had stolen from Droitwich in Worcestershire . Speaking after the hearing , Detective Constable Kerri Buckley , of West Midlands Police , said : ` This was a detailed and complex inquiry into a series of raids on delivery vans and customers of cash and carries across the wider Midlands region . ` The cases were first linked when the gang began to target delivery vehicles belonging to one particular company , the series was then connected along with the thefts of the getaway cars and the robberies of shopkeepers going to stock up at cash and carries . ` The volume of offences in such a short space of time is quite shocking and the length of the sentences these men have received is a testament to that , while reflecting on just how organised this criminal network was . '