Arsene Wenger insists his woeful record against Jose Mourinho will have no bearing on Arsenal 's top-of-the-table clash with Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday . Wenger has failed to win in 12 games against Mourinho across the Portuguese coach 's two spells at Stamford Bridge , drawing five and losing seven of their clashes . But the Arsenal manager says the past shared between the two managers on the touchline in Sunday 's 4 pm kick-off will be irrelevant as the Barclays Premier League 's top two sides face off . Arsene Wenger has drawn five and lost seven of his 12 clashes with Jose Mourinho ahead of facing Chelsea . Wenger and Mourinho rowed on the touchline in October 's 2-0 win for Chelsea in the reverse fixture . ` I think we have not always lost in 12 attempts . We have been close , ' Wenger said . ` Having said that , the result on Sunday will just be down to the performance on the day . We are on a good run and we have an opportunity at home to beat them and we want to take it . ` We have a good run of form and good belief and solidarity . We have passed many tests recently when we were questioned . We have another test on Sunday that we want to pass . ` Chelsea 's strengths are they have been very efficient on counter attacks and set-pieces as well . We have to nullify their strengths . ' Asked about his frosty relationship with Mourinho , Wenger said : ` I do not want to talk about that . What is interesting for people is when the game starts at 4 pm we have a great game . It is not about the relationship between the managers . ' The managers of London 's two biggest clubs have long had a frosty relationship in the opposing dugouts . Cesc Fabregas set up Diego Costa to seal a 2-0 victory for Chelsea against Arsenal earlier this season . Arsenal are 10 points behind Chelsea but come into the game on the back of excellent form . Wenger said : ` Look , mathematically it will be possible , yes , but Chelsea has their future and the championship in their hands . We can get closer and we have an opportunity to do that at home and want to take it . ' Wenger added : ` They have been very consistent until now . They have fewer losses than any team . The Premier League rewards consistency . On that front they gave been defensively very strong and consistent . ' Fabregas gets ahead of his now-team-mate Branislav Ivanovic to score against Chelsea for Arsenal in 2010 . Sunday 's game marks the return of former Arsenal midfielder Cesc Fabregas , who will be wearing Chelsea blue at the Emirates for the first time . Fabregas left for Barcelona in 2011 . Arsenal supporters are expected to give their former hero a hot reception after he joined their fierce rivals , but Wenger has asked for some respect for one of their best players of the last decade . ` I want every player to be respected , and Cesc Fabregas when he comes to the Emirates on Sunday to be respected like he deserves , ' he said . Asked if he regretted not signing Fabregas in the summer when he had the option to , Wenger added : ` The regret I have is that he wanted to leave here . ` This club and myself had a very positive influence on Cesc 's life , so I would be a bit uncomfortable to have to justify today why he is not here . I believe I would rather it was the other way around . ' Wenger is without Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Mikel Arteta on Sunday , while Per Mertesacker is rated as ' 50-50 ' by his manager having not trained at all this week . Gunners fans welcome back Fabregas with Barcelona , but the reception is likely to be more frosty this time .