Allegations : Veteran peer Lord Janner -LRB- pictured in 2002 -RRB- has repeatedly denied claims he abused young boys at care homes and is now not fit to stand trial despite ` credible evidence ' His name and face may not be immediately familiar to everyone today but , in his pomp , Lord Janner was one of the most prominent Labour politicians and campaigners of his time . His entry in Who 's Who occupies nearly 50 lines : MP for Leicester West -LRB- 1970-97 -RRB- ... distinguished barrister ... author ... broadcaster ... former president of the Board of Deputies of British Jews . After training at the University of Cambridge and Harvard Law School , he qualified as a barrister in 1954 and was appointed a QC in 1971 . He has fought tirelessly for the return of Jewish assets held in Swiss banks by the Nazis , and was made a life peer on his retirement from the Commons in recognition of his achievements in public life . Those are the bare facts of Greville Janner 's gilded career . For nearly 25 years , however , a shadow has hung over Lord Janner of Braunstone in the same way it did Cyril Smith and a string of other establishment figures . We now know , from victims who have come forward following his death -- too many for the allegations not to be true -- that late Rochdale MP Smith was a serial paedophile . But was Janner ? Detectives have interviewed more than 20 men who claim they were abused by Janner in their youth . It is suspected he used his hobby as a magician -- Janner is a member of the Magic Circle -- to get close to them and gain their trust when he visited children 's homes in Leicestershire between 1969 and 1988 . But the evidence will never be tested in court after Alison Saunders , Director of Public Prosecutions , ruled that it was not in the public interest to put the Labour peer on trial because of his age and ill health . Janner , 86 , is a father of three . His youngest daughter , Laura Janner-Klausner , 51 , is an ordained rabbi and serves as senior rabbi at the Movement for Reform Judaism . His son Daniel Janner is a prominent QC . Janner 's wife Myra died in 1996 and he has not been seen outside his flat in Hampstead , north-west London , since police investigating the claims of historic sexual abuse raided it in 2013 . Shortly afterwards , reports emerged that he was suffering from advanced dementia . In the month before the raid , Janner attended the Lords 15 times , claiming £ 2,100 in daily allowances , which has inevitably cast a critical spotlight on the decision to not prosecute him . Janner , it should be stressed , strongly denied the allegations against him -- including claims of rape -- when they surfaced nearly 25 years ago at the trial of Frank Beck , a care-home warden suspected of abusing scores of children in his care . Beck , a former Liberal councillor , was given five life sentences . Yet , the 1991 case made sensational headlines for very different reasons . One of those headlines can be found in a faded newspaper cutting . It reads : ` My Commons date and night with MP Janner . ' The witness in question was Paul Winston , then aged 30 , who lived at one of Beck 's care homes in Janner 's constituency . Mr Winston claimed under oath that Janner had abused him repeatedly between the ages of 13 and 15 . Scroll down for video . Pointing : Channel 4 News filmed Lord Jenner outside his house in London on July 8 2014 , in what was is the most recent moving image of the Labour peer . Director of Public Prosecutions : Last year , Alison Saunders -LRB- pictured -RRB- said prosecutors will pursue justice for victims of child sex crimes whether their cases were '30 days or 30 years old ' - but not in the Janner case . He said that he had sex with Janner in a Holiday Inn hotel , at the MP 's home when his wife and children were away , and visited him in the Commons . The jury were shown letters the MP is said to have sent to him on House of Commons notepaper . Some were reportedly signed ` love Greville ' . They are now in the hands of the police . One was alleged to have been penned by Janner after they had stayed together at his home . ` It feels strange not to have you flipping around me like a friendly flea ! , ' the letter said . ` In fact -- I miss you . ' Referring to an encounter in the swimming pool of the Holiday Inn , Mr Winston said : ` I was fondled in my private area . It seemed at first like a bit of fun , being thrown around the water , but he would hold me close . ' Beck used the testimony as part of his defence : that he was being prosecuted to divert attention from Janner and other high-profile -LRB- unnamed -RRB- paedophiles and that he was trying to shield the boys under his charge from them . Paul Winston was not the only witness to implicate Janner . Two others were called for the prosecution , saying Beck had raped them , but in cross-examination , they appeared to confirm some details of Mr Winston 's story . Probes : Greville Janner , left in 1974 , served as an MP for decades and was investigated in 1991 , 2002 and 2007 . Janner was mentioned during the trial of paediophile Frank Beck , right , who died in jail . One , a woman , said she heard an argument between Beck and Mr Winston in which he -LSB- Beck -RSB- was shouting that he was n't -LSB- allowed -RSB- to see Greville Janner any more . ' The other , a man , said Mr Winston had boasted about ` having friends in high places ' . Were the allegations made simply to muddy the waters ? The jury thought so , finding Beck , who died in prison in 1994 , guilty of the majority of charges against him . Days later , Janner , then in his 60s , broke his silence on the affair by making a personal statement to Parliament . Under parliamentary rules , personal statements are not debatable , so there were no follow-up questions from MPs . Janner told them : ` There was , of course , not a shred of truth in any of the allegations of criminal conduct against me during the trial . ` Meanwhile , as my wife , my family and I have had a taste of the suffering which Beck can impose on innocent people , will you join me in sending the real sufferers , the individuals who endured his homes and whose lives have been wrecked at his hands , the profound sympathy of us all ? ' His statement was greeted with cheers . Fellow Labour MP Keith Vaz described Janner as a ` brave man ' and others passed on leader Neil Kinnock 's ` tremendous support ' . Police interviewed Janner and Mr Winston , but no charges were ever brought against the MP . One of the detectives who worked on the Frank Beck case was Mick Creedon , who is now Chief Constable of Derbyshire . Last year he made a sensational claim in The Times . He said there was ` credible evidence ' against Janner and that he and his colleagues wanted to make an arrest but were prevented by ` more senior people ' from doing so . To put it bluntly , the investigation was blocked . Influential : Lord Janner was chair of the Holocaust Educational Trust and vice-president of the World Jewish Congress . Mr Creedon said : ` The decision was a clear one : he -LSB- Janner -RSB- will be interviewed by appointment and there wo n't be a search of his home address or his constituency office , of his office in the House of Commons . It was a decision made by people more senior than me . ' The allegations against Janner remained buried in newspaper archives until the authorities began re-opening historic child abuse cases in the wake of the Jimmy Savile affair . Many revolve around the Elm Guest House , a gay sauna in Barnes , west London , where boys are believed to have been abused by a string of powerful men in the 1970s and 1980s , including Cyril Smith . One of the people who contacted the police was Paul Winston . At the same time , two booklets from the archives of former MP Andrew Faulds -- who died in 2000 -- emerged . One , a four-page leaflet entitled Janner Fails to Answer ` Sex With Boy ' Evidence and published by a group calling itself Concerned Leicester Parents , landed on the prominent Labour backbencher 's desk in 1992 . The second , a 24-page booklet entitled Is Grenville Janner QC , MP , Above the Law ? , arrived in 1995 . Both booklets appear to have been printed professionally and sent anonymously to Mr Faulds -LRB- and presumably to several other influential figures -RRB- by individuals anxious to ensure further attention was paid to the 1991 trial . While Janner 's health has made the prospect of prosecution impossible , the stench of an establishment cover-up will continue to surround this deeply troubling case . The 1995 booklet provides a detailed account of an alleged victim 's testimony . It tells how the boy spoke of meeting Janner in the Commons when he was 13 . He said was invited to Janner 's home when his wife was away . ` We ended up in his bed together and he cuddled me . We cuddled and fondled together . I did n't like it and told him to stop . ' So began a two-year sexual relationship , the boy claimed . The booklet also says that the boy ` had been able to provide the police with information about Janner 's home , hotel rooms , life , habits and person in ... infinite and verifiable detail ' . The 1992 leaflet also refers to an alleged victim 's ` detailed ' evidence : ` Such evidence , submitted under oath ... requires a specific and detailed refutation . ' Crown prosecution lawyers have spent nine months studying volumes of evidence gathered by Leicestershire police against Janner . This week officers visited Mr Winston , now in his mid-50s and living on the outskirts of Leicester , and other alleged victims in person to inform them of the decision not to proceed with the case . It has raised further questions about the CPS in the face of growing criticism of the conduct of Operation Elveden against tabloid journalists . This is the fourth time that Janner has escaped prosecution . He was interviewed by police after the Beck trial , and was the subject of further allegations of abuse in 2002 , but these were not referred to the CPS . A third investigation was launched in 2006 after police received a complaint from yet another alleged victim . A dossier was passed to the CPS which decided there was ` insufficient evidence ' to bring charges . Inevitably , while Janner 's health has made the prospect of prosecution impossible , the stench of an establishment cover-up will continue to surround this deeply troubling case .