High-powered human rights lawyer Amal Clooney held a press conference in Washington DC today calling for the release of imprisoned former president of Maldives Mohamed Nasheed . George Clooney 's newlywed wife appeared before reporters at the National Press Club at 10 am Thursday , accompanied by Laila Ali , the wife of the jailed politician , and Jared Genser , the founder of the organization Freedom Now . Nasheed , the Indian Ocean archipelago 's first democratically elected leader who came to power in 2008 , was convicted under tough anti-terror laws last month and sentenced to 13 years in prison . Scroll down for video . Amal Clooney held a press conference in Washington DC today calling for the release of imprisoned former president of Maldives Mohamed Nasheed . Clooney , 37 , appeared before reporters at the National Press Club in the capital . Mrs Clooney wore a navy blue pants suit paired with a plain white blouse beneath her single-button jacket . Mrs Clooney is part of a high-profile international legal team representing ousted and jailed Maldivian ex-President Nasheed , who has been sentenced to 13 years in prison . In her remarks Thursday in Washington , Mrs Clooney said she will not rest until Nasheed walks free . The case against the president , who was ousted in 2012 in what has been described by hs supporters as a coup , stemmed from the alleged wrongful detention of a judge by the Maldivian military . The Maldives leader 's trial has sparked international concern for the fledgling island democracy after local and foreign human rights activists said the former president 's imprisonment was politically motivated . Amnesty International panned the ` sham trial , ' and said the verdict was a ` travesty of justice , ' according to a press release put out by the National Press Club Thursday . In early April , Nasheed announced a high-profile legal team , including Amal Clooney , will spearhead a fresh attempt to secure his release . In her prepared remarks Thursday in Washington , Mrs Clooney said she will not rest until Nasheed walks free , reported the India 's Focus News . The British-Lebanese attorney said she will appeal to the US government to put pressure on the government of Maldives to release her client . Local and foreign human rights activists have raised concerns that Mrs Clooney 's client has been unjustly imprisoned . Wife Laila Ali said she is concerned for the health and safety of her husband . The 37-year-old brunette beauty was the epitome chic leaving the National Press Club Thursday morning , a cup of coffee and her iPhone in hand . Clooney paired her crisp business suit with eye-catching suede stilettos . For a pop of color , the fashion-forward attorney tied a brightly hued scarf to her leather tote bag . The Oxford - and NYU Law-educated attorney said she will appeal to the US government to put pressure on the government of Maldives , headed by Abdulla Yameen , to release her client . Laila Ali said she is concerned for the health and safety of her husband , who has been bouncing around prisons since his sentencing . Mohamed Nasheed came to power after building a pro-democracy movement with local and foreign support in opposition to the 30-year autocratic rule of Maumoon Abdul Gayoom , the half-brother of President Yameen . During the press conference in DC Thursday , Amal Clooney , 37 , was all business , sporting a chic navy blue pants suit with a plain white blouse under a single-button jacket . The 53-year-old actor was then seen leaving Caravaggio Restaurant hand in hand with his wife of seven months . Amal 's mother Baria looked proud to be escorted by her movie star son-in-law while her father Ramzi also offered a hand to his wife . Less than two days earlier , the raven-haired beauty enjoyed a night out on the town in New York City with her parents and her Hollywood superstar husband . George and his better half cut a handsome couple on the night out , with the Gravity star tending to his leading lady on the way out of Caravaggio Restaurant on the Upper East Side , holding her hand as they made their way to a waiting vehicle . The Lebanese-British lawyer paired a floral print flared mini-dress with lace-up stilettos and her jet black locks styled glossy and voluminous around her shoulders . A pop of red lipstick complemented a matching coloured band at her waist and she accessorised with diamond earrings . The Lebanese-British lawyer flaunted her legs in a black mini dress and lace-up heels . Giambattista Valli Fall 2013 black velvet gladiator heels . Shop the current collection at Farfetch . Buy now . We still ca n't get over how gorgeous Amal Clooney looked throughout her four day wedding extravaganza in Venice last September . And she 's managed to keep the momentum going seven months on ! She headed out for dinner with hubby George and her family wearing a floral fit and flare dress by Alexander McQueen . But if we 've learned one thing about Amal in the year or so that she 's been on our radar , it 's that she is an expert at accessorising ! She completed her look with these lace up heels , which are by one of her very favourite designer labels , Giambattista Valli . We 've spotted her wearing this velvet textured gladiator style before and we have to say we love them . Her sandals hail from the Fall 2013 collection , so unfortunately they 're now all sold out . But luckily the high street is hot on the heels of the tie up trend ! Missguided 's tassel trim versions are top of our list - just team them with your best LBD to really let your feet do all the talking . PrettyLittleThing Serafina lace up heels . Buy now . Asos Heartbreak Hotel lace up heels . Buy now . AX Paris lace up heels . Buy now . Missguided Valentina heels . Buy now .