A 60-stone woman once dubbed ` Britain 's fattest teenager ' has been dramatically lifted out of her home by a crane during a seven-hour emergency operation to take her to hospital . A number of roads had to be closed in the neighbourhood as firefighters worked to remove Georgia Davis , 22 , from her specially-adapted flat in Aberdare , south Wales . At the height of the operation yesterday , neighbours said there were 12 fire , police and ambulance vehicles at the property . Scroll down for video . Georgia Davis , 22 -LRB- pictured -RRB- has been lifted from her home in Aberdare , south Wales , by a crane during a seven-hour emergency operation to take her to hospital . The young woman has previously had to be removed from another property in 2012 . At the height of today 's operation , neighbours said there were 12 fire , police and ambulance vehicles at the property . French doors at the front of the property were reportedly removed to allow crews to winch the morbidly obese woman out of her home using the crane . It is the second time Ms Davis has had to be rescued in such a way . An eye-witness , who asked not to be named , told the Daily Mirror : ` It 's absolute chaos . There 's 999 vehicles everywhere and dozens of emergency service workers . ` All the roads are shut down and parents and school transport ca n't get to the nearby schools and colleges , it 's been complete lock down all day . ' Retired Margaret Evans , 79 , who also lives on the road , said she believed that Ms Davis fell and was unable to get back up again . She told MailOnline : ` There was loads of traffic here . They had the crane and they shut all the roads . I do n't think they could get her out of the house . ` They were here for ages , all afternoon . There were police cars in the middle of the road and no one could get in or out . ` They tried to get her out and they had to take out the French windows eventually . There were so many people crowded watching . ` Somebody said she fell , if she did I expect she could n't get back up again . ` It 's not very nice , it was quite a disturbance . ' Ms Evans said she had a stint in hospital at the same time as Ms Davis a few years ago . She said : ` They had to put three hospital beds together for her and she had her own room . ` Somebody said she 's 50 stone now . I know she was 30 stone in hospital . ' French doors at the front of the property were reportedly removed to allow crews to lift the young woman out using the crane . Today 's operation -LRB- left and right -RRB- took seven hours . An eye-witness , who asked not to be named , said it was ` absolute chaos ' . Several roads had to be closed . Neighbour Janice Love described Ms Davis as a ` lovely ' person and said she always gives her a wave when she passes her house . She said : ` I 've spoken to her a lot of times and she 's so nice . I 've got daughters that age and it 's so sad . ` We wave into her through the window and sometimes she stands outside with her dog . She always waves back and is more than happy to chat . ` She has two friends living with her , one I think is her carer . ` She 's very quiet . I hope she 's going to be alright . She 's such a lovely person . ' Ms Davis , who has suffered with yo-yo dieting for most of her life , also had to be removed from another property on a crane in 2012 . During that incident , a 40-strong team of builders , scaffolders and crew from all three emergency services was involved in the complex operation to remove Ms Davis from her home . As well as knocking down walls , the emergency services were forced to build a temporary ramp from the first floor of the house to the pavement to get her out . Local traffic also had to be diverted . The operation to cut into her home , which came after she telephoned her mother to say she could n't stand up , cost emergency workers an estimated £ 100,000 . The young woman also had to be removed from another property on a crane in 2012 . A 40-strong team of builders , scaffolders and crew from all three emergency services were involved in that incident . As well as knocking down walls , the emergency services were forced to build a temporary ramp from the first floor of the house to the pavement to get her out . Local traffic also had to be diverted . After that rescue operation , Ms Davis was admitted to the Prince Charles Hospital in Merthyr Tydfil where she stayed for several months due to suffering organ failure . While there , she dropped down to 40stone . At the time she vowed to lose more weight and get her life back on track , saying : ` I 'm sick of being like this - I 'm getting my life back . ' She went on to lose 18st in four months . Ms Davies , who has suffered from bullying for most of her life , originally started to gain weight when she began comfort eating following the death of her father . But in August 2008 , a 33st Ms Davies was told by doctors to ` lose 20 stones or die . ' Spurred into action , she attended a £ 3,600-a-month diet academy in the U.S - dubbed ` Fat Camp ' - for nine months , during which time she shrank to 18st and beat her Type 2 diabetes . While at the Wellspring Academy in North Carolina , she was seen by behavioural coaches , food psychologists and fitness trainers and encouraged to walk 10,000 steps every day . But , after returning to the UK in June 2009 , she discovered her step-father had cancer . She moved back into her parents ' home and started putting on weight again . In less than a year , she had piled on another ten stone . Miss Davies , who has suffered from bullying for most of her life , originally started to gain weight when she began comfort eating following the death of her father . She is pictured here as a toddler . Her mother says Georgia was always a large child . SHe is pictured here eating a lolly as a toddler . The 5ft 6in woman admitted how she used to order up to 20 kebabs each week from a takeaway and gorge throughout the day on chocolate , crisps and two litre bottles of Coca Cola . Her mother Lesley has also previously spoken of her guilt over the woman 's obesity . In an interview , she said she and her daughter had started comfort eating after her husband Geoff died when Ms Davis was five . But she said she had later made a determined effort to change their diets -- such as making her own chips instead of buying them from the takeaway . A spokeswoman for Cwm Taf University Health Board said : ` We can confirm that the fire service was brought in earlier today to assist us with access to a property in order to safely transport a patient into hospital . We do not comment on individual patients . '