One of the best spells of spring weather in the last two decades is set to peak today with temperatures in England beating most of the Mediterranean . And keep those sunglasses at the ready -- the sunshine is forecast to last until the middle of next week . The mercury is expected to reach 25C -LRB- 77F -RRB- in the South East today . This will beat Marseille at 22C -LRB- 72F -RRB- , Athens at 21C -LRB- 70F -RRB- , Rome at 19C -LRB- 66F -RRB- and Madrid at 18C -LRB- 64F -RRB- . Temperatures will drop slightly tomorrow as fresher weather arrives but the days will remain sunny until next week . Scroll down for videos . Messing about in boats : Young women on a pedalo yesterday in the Serpentine , which runs through Hyde Park in central London . Celebration : Sisters Isabella and Lola Ward play in a tulip field near King 's Lynn in Norfolk during the sunshine . Laid-back : Londoners in St James 's Park lying down and sunbathing as the heatwave continued . Fun in the sun : A woman is pictured enjoying the fine weather in St James Park in central London as temperatures climbed to more than 22C . Faiza Humayra , 10 , from London -LRB- in pink -RRB- and her friend play on one of the fountains in Trafalgar Square in central London yesterday afternoon . Soaking up the rays : Three teenagers on the beach at Southsea , Hampshire , with temperatures set to reach a record for this year so far . Jog : A young woman running through Regent 's Park and enjoying the heat . At ease : A woman strips off to take full advantage of the sunshine in Hyde Park . It will be chillier at night , with parts of the North dipping to 2C -LRB- 36F -RRB- tonight with the threat of frost . The maximum temperature recorded by the Met Office yesterday was 22.7 C -LRB- 72.9 F -RRB- in St James 's Park in central London . Meanwhile 22.6 C -LRB- 72.7 F -RRB- was seen at Shoeburyness in Essex and 22.4 C -LRB- 72.3 F -RRB- at Manston , Kent . The hottest day of the year before Tuesday was last Friday , when a high of 21.9 C -LRB- 71.4 F -RRB- was recorded in London . The South East and London were considerably hotter than the rest of the UK , with temperatures peaking around 18C -LRB- 64.4 F -RRB- in the Midlands . Similar temperatures were observed in the North , while most of Scotland , Wales and Northern Ireland was no warmer than 14C -LRB- 57.2 F -RRB- . Flowers : Two-year-old Abi Jones running in a meadow of tulips at Cardiff 's Cathays Park . Beside the seaside : The beach at Southsea had dozens of people leaning against the sea wall enjoying the sunshine . Friends : Three young women taking a selfie on Southsea Common as they sat on a picnic blanket . Posing : A man takes a photograph on the beach at Southsea during the heatwave yesterday . While the record temperatures are only going to last two days , the weather is expected to remain warmer than the average April high of 14.2 C -LRB- 57.6 F -RRB- . ` It is staying sunny and getting warmer , so it will be a good week , ' said Met Office forecaster Nicola Maxey . ` There will be plenty of sunshine around and it looks like we will see the warmest day of the year so far . ` In some places temperatures will be double the average for this time of year tomorrow . ` We could see some cooler air coming in on Thursday , but it will stay settled and temperatures will still be above average . ' Drifting off : A young woman rests in Regent 's Park and enjoys the sunshine . Boating : A couple take a paddle boat out on the water in Regent 's Park . Chilled : Londoners by the Regent 's Canal taking advantage of record temperatures . Leisure : Flying kites on the beach at Frinton-on-Sea , Essex , yesterday . Splash ! Youngsters Max , Arran and Harry brave the English Channel on Southsea beach . At Britain 's last remaining tulip farm , the flowers were thriving in the warm conditions after blooming late because of the relatively cold spring . Farmer Mark Eves , of Belmont Nurseries near King 's Lynn in Norfolk , said : ` We are having a later Spring this year . ` The tulip crop is around two to three weeks behind . ` We have had some warm and bright days but the nights have been cold and the average soil temperature has been very low . ` It looks like a promising crop , the plant health is good and the flowers are a good colour . ' Picturesque : Isabella and Lola Ward surrounded by colourful flowers at Belmont Nurseries in Norfolk . Thriving : The tulip fields are thriving in the sunshine as the warm April conditions continue . Peaceful : Two sunbathers on the beach at Portsmouth in conditions reminiscent of summer . Treat : Beach goers bought ice creams to help them cool down in the heat . The farm has been in operation for 15 years after Peter Ward , Mr Eves 's father-in-law , decided he could grow tulips as well as the Dutch . Those enjoying the top temperatures have been warned to stock up on suncream , as spring sunshine can be deceptively dangerous . Jim Bacon of Weatherquest said : ` The sun has got a lot of strength in it . ` Think that towards the end of April you 're the same distance away from mid-summer as you are at the end of August . ` You should n't be surprised if you get sunburnt in April . ' And fire brigades say there is an elevated risk of dry weather and outdoor barbecues creating the conditions for countryside blazes . Blossom : Flowering trees in a park in Cambridge as Britain basked in sunshine yesterday . Carefree : Young women cycling through central Cambridge in the warm sunshine . Out in force : Cyclists in Cambridge taking advantage of the sunny conditions yesterday . Crossing : The Isle of Wight to Portsmouth ferry emerges from the fog as it makes its way across the Solent . Stunning sight : A fog bank passes over Kingswear in Devon . Oxfordshire Fire and Rescue Service issued a warning after a gas-powered barbecue caught fire in the county . And the Devon and Cornwall fire brigade drew attention to the dangers of children playing with matches outside . Britons are so confident of a scorching summer that bookmakers are receiving tens of thousands of pounds in bets on this year breaking records . The record for the hottest day ever in the UK was set more than a decade ago in August 2003 when temperatures hit 38.1 C -LRB- 101F -RRB- in Gravesend , Kent . Coral 's price on this summer being the hottest on record has fallen from 10/1 to 2/1 , while Ladbrokes has 5/6 on this spring being the warmest ever . Wednesday warmth : Most of England and Wales will enjoy sunshine over the next few days with temperatures hitting 24C later this week . Hot day : These graphics show the cloud coverage and temperatures today , with the South East expected to have the best weather . Arriving : The predicted hot weather this week is the result of a plume of warm air heading towards the UK from the south west . There has been a surge in bets after the recent warm weather , and William Hill has 8/1 odds that the temperature will exceed 100F -LRB- 37.8 C -RRB- this year . Ladbrokes is also offering 8/1 that the April record of 29.4 C -LRB- 84.9 F -RRB- set in 1949 in Camden , north London , will be broken by the end of the month . Met Office spokesman Laura Young said : ` We are expecting some really good temperatures over the next few days . ` Unless you are in north-west Scotland , which will see quite a lot of rain , it will be dry and sunny . ` Wednesday will be 22C to 25C -LRB- 72F to 77F -RRB- or higher in places . Thursday will probably be slightly cooler but still in the high teens . ` There is a cold air mass arriving on Thursday night but it is expected to stay dry well into next week . After that we can be less certain . ' Warming up : Joggers and commuters on the Millennium Bridge in London yesterday , on what was the warmest day of the year . Spring : HMS Belfast pictured in front of Tower Bridge this morning as London was set to see highs of 24C -LRB- 75F -RRB- . Sunrise : The scene at Gravesend Sailing Club yesterday as the rising sun reflected off the Thames Estuary . Morning : The tanker Futura making its way up the Thames as the sun rose over Gravesend . The spell of warm weather , which has now lasted more than a week , has seen people flocking to the nation 's beaches . Among them were swimmers in the South West who were stunned to see giant jellyfish in the waters . The Met Office three-month contingency forecast for public officials predicts that there is an average chance of a warmer than usual summer . But thankfully the chances of it being much colder than usual is just 10 per cent . A spokesman said : ` Unfortunately , the weather we get in April does n't necessarily tell us anything about the kind of summer we can expect . ` We 're still in the midst of spring , so it 's far too early to say what the months of June , July and August may hold . ' Giant jellyfish are being spotted off Britain earlier than normal thanks to the warm weather , it was claimed yesterday . Kayaker Rupert Kirkwood , a seasoned sea watcher , was stunned to see the giant creatures off Hope Cove in Devon . The barrel jellyfish , which have tentacles up to 6ft long , were pictured floating next to Mr Kirkwood 's kayak in the sun-drenched blue waters . Up close : Rupert Kirkwood 's son Henry had this encounter with a barrel jellyfish near Hope Cove off the coast of south Devon . The species are usually found in more tropical areas such as the Mediterranean Sea . But the rising temperatures and warmer seas have meant more plankton is available - and the jellyfish have headed closer to shore . The dustbin lid-shaped species is harmless to humans but with the weather warming up experts say more could be heading our way . Beachgoers are advised not to touch jellyfish in case they have chanced upon a species with a powerful sting . Floating : The dustbin lid-shaped species is harmless to humans but with the weather warming up experts say more could be heading our way . The Red Cross says that anyone who does get stung should not try to use urine to provide relief as the healing properties of this are an urban myth . Vinegar is said to be far more effective . Vet Mr Kirkwood said : ` No doubt they -LSB- are -RSB- encouraged to put in an appearance by the sunny weather . ` I have never seen them so early in the year . Could be the start of a bumper jellyfish year . '