Illicit operation : Chiropractor Gertrude Pitkanen would sell newborn babies to adoptive parents for as little as $ 100 in Butte , Montana . For as little as $ 100 , chiropractor Gertrude Pitkanen took babies from their mother 's arms seconds after they were born and handed them to their adoptive parents . As the infants were driven to their new homes , the families were sometimes forced to throw their afterbirth out of the window because they were removed so quickly . These transactions formed the basis of a lucrative , illicit market that started in Butte , Montana , in 1920s , and grew until Pitkanen decided to stop in the 1950s . Most of the children who were victims of this horrific crime have now aged , have families and have forged their own lives - but they are still looking for answers . They have joined together to form a group called Gertie 's Babies who have been using DNA to trace their biological families and search for their estranged siblings that are still alive . Only a six of them have come together , but they believe there are many more people who were given up by Pitkanen out there , and simply do not know it . Heather Livergood , 69 , was purchased for $ 100 in a motel room in 1946 . Now 69 she lives in Coeur d'Alene , northern Idaho , with her husband Steve . This May she will have been married for 47 years , has three children and is expecting a grandchild this month . Last year , while using sites such as Ancestory.com and 23andMe.com , she was able to track down two half brothers Bob and Gary , who live in Grantsville , Utah . Her birth mother was called Violet Weyland Sandberg , and discovered the circumstances which forced her to abandon her as a child . While her husband , Evan Sandberg a member of the Army Air Corps , had been fighting in the Pacific , she got pregnant with another man 's child , prompting her to take desperate action . She told the Daily Mail Online that her biological aunt , Julia , had told her children before she died that Violet had spent two months with a man in Montana while her husband was fighting . On a night in 1946 , Violet traveled 450 miles from Grantsville to give birth in Butte . That decision forged a certain future for Mrs Livergood , . She moved into a good home with her adoptive family . Her mother died when she was three and she was raised by her father , a man who she said was ` great , very funny and outgoing ' , and a stepmother . Heather Livergood -LRB- center -RRB- , now 69 , was given up for adoption in 1946 but has been reunited with brothers Gary -LRB- left -RRB- and Bob -LRB- right -RRB- following a trip to Grantsville , Utah , last year . However she has sympathy for her birth mother , because she had gotten herself into trouble . She told the Spokesman-Review in an interview last year : ` I could n't give up a child , but I do n't blame her for that . And you know , things were n't very good when the war got out . People did n't have a lot of money . ' Her adoptive father also shared a detail from the night she was born which prompted her to dig further into her family history . Mrs Livergood told the Daily Mail Online she visited her brothers last year after tracking them down and keeps in contact with them on a regular basis . She plans to return for another trip as she continues to build a relationship with them . Some others however have been unsuccessful in their search . Mrs Livergood discovered her birth mother was called Violet Weyland Sandberg . She got pregnant with another man while her husband was away at war . Bonnie Gower told the Daily Mail Online that when she was born , she was given to parents who could n't have children through traditional methods . They had already adopted two boys and wanted a girl but they were told they could n't have anymore . ` A friend of theirs who had a adopted a son through Gertie got a call from the local go between asking them if they wanted a baby girl , ' she told the Daily Mail Online . ` They said no but called my mom and asked . My parents said yes and they drove to Butte to get me . My birth certificate is filled out in my Dad 's handwriting . ' Her adoptive parents were told what to write and they handed over $ 500 to complete the transaction . She added : ` He -LSB- her father -RSB- said he could n't remember if they went the day I was born -LRB- probably not -RRB- , but the date they were to write down was the day they got me . Throughout her childhood , Mrs Gower was always told she had been adopted and lived a good life . Her parents always said she was ` special ' because they picked her . ` I did not know the black market baby stuff until I was ready to get married and decided I wanted to try to get my medical history , ' she said . ` In contacting the state they said there was no adoption papers and that I was n't adopted . Then I got the story from my parents . ` My mom 's words were ... `` we were never going to tell '' . But they knew nothing of the birth mother and asked no questions . ` I think they knew what they were doing was illegal , but they just wanted a baby and put that little fact away . ' Mrs Gower has since completed the checks on Ancestory.com and has only found connections to third cousins . She has contacted them but is yet to receive a reply . ` I suppose I will continue my search for many more years ... but not aggressively as I did when we all connected , ' she added . Sue Docken was also sold for $ 500 in 1951 from on office building in Butte . The transaction was expected to last just a few minutes , so her adoptive 's mother 's husband was told to leave the car running as he waited outside . She went back to the empty office building about a month ago to see where the exchange unfolded . Mable Deane , 65 , who runs the Gertie 's Babies website , was given up in 1949 , and is yet to learn much about her past . Pitkanen was never held accountable for the black market scheme which tore families apart . She was born in 1878 and trained as a nurse and chiropractor before moving with her husband Gustave Pitkanen to Butte . She died in 1960 , but escaped criminal prosecution . It 's not known how much money she made from the scheme or how many of the adoptions she organised over at least three decades . According to The New York Times she worked with the political and business elite and had a ` black book ' with intelligence she could use as blackmail . She was charged with botched abortions on multiple occasions , but each time a judge threw out the case , fearing the repercussions of what she might do . Pitkanen also made her service available to prostitutes , an industry that was thriving in Butte at the time of her operation . Others who got pregnant out of wedlock or through affairs also used the service .