Ben Flower was given the honour of leading Wigan 's victory song after helping them to a 30-20 win over Warrington on his return from a six-month suspension . The 27-year-old Wales forward did not get among the scorers but he did enough to impress coach Shaun Wane on his first appearance since being sent off in the Warriors ' Grand Final defeat by St Helens last October . ` I thought he looked a bit serious , he 's not done anything for six months , ' Wane said . ` I was a bit apprehensive for him but I thought he played really well - he belted a few people - and he led the song in the dressing room . Wigan Warriors forward Ben Flower takes on Warrington 's Micky Higham -LRB- left -RRB- and Roy Asotasi . ` It 's good to have him back . He 's been vilified in the press but he 's a really nice bloke . ' The return of Flower dominated the build-up to the Super League derby while the half-time announcement that Sam Tomkins is returning to the club on a four-year contract made it a night to remember for Wane . ` Everything is great , ' Wane said . ` It 's fantastic getting these players back . We should be very proud . It 's a great coup for us , it just shows we do some things right . ' On the field , winger Dom Manfredi provided the highlight with his second hat-trick of tries in five days as the Warriors three times came from behind to secure a fourth win in five matches to consolidate third place in the table . Ryan Hampshire , Anthony Gelling and Liam Farrell also touched down while centre Chris Bridge scored two tries for the visitors , who had led 10-0 after 10 minutes . Flower struggles to control the ball as Warrington forward Ben Currie lines him up the for hit . ` It was a bit of tick and pass at times , which is disappointing , but I thought our attack was good , ' Wane said . ` We gifted them a couple of tries with poor one-on-one misses but it was win at all costs for us and we got the win . ` Competition is driving up the skill levels and we 're going to get better . We are going to put a real complete performance in soon . ' The defeat leaves Warrington outside the top four but coach Tony Smith was encouraged by his side 's performance . ` It was a great effort by both teams and another great game , ' he said . ` We produce some of the best games between us but , at the moment , we 're coming out on the wrong side of them . ` I think both coaches will be looking for some improvement in defence but some special rugby league was played . Sometimes you 've just got to go ` wow ' , it 's pretty hard to stop if they are going to go to those lengths to score tries . Dom Manfredi crosses for a Wigan try despite the attention of Toby King . ` The start of the second half really hurt us , it sapped our energy when they were throwing the ball around like a basketball . ` The second half was n't great for us but we 're heading in the right sort of directions . It takes good performances to beat us . We 're much better than a few weeks ago . ' Smith had mixed views on the performance of 19-year-old Declan Patton , who was making only his second appearance in Super League . ` His kicking game was sensational and I love it when he 's running with the ball but he got ragged around defensively at times , ' he said . ` There are some aspects of his game he needs to step up . He learned some harsh lessons there tonight but he 's a good kid and will take things in his stride . '