A cocaine smuggler who was caught crossing the Atlantic with £ 200million of drugs got so hungry on the trip he started snorting part of the one-tonne haul . Benjamin Mellor ripped open one of the 41 bales of cocaine after food ran out and he broke his wrist , Cork circuit criminal court heard . The 35-year-old window cleaner , from Bradford , was one of three Brits who were arrested after Naval officers stormed the yacht 200 miles off the south-west coast of Ireland in September . Irish Navy personnel stand guard behind the mountain of cocaine that was found on the yacht Makayabella . He was jailed for eight years yesterday after admitting drug trafficking and importation . Thomas Britteon , 28 , also received eight years for the same charges while John Powell , 70 , was sentenced for 10 . The scheme began in 2013 when Powell took charge of the 62ft Makayabella in the Caribbean . He sailed it for a year as a charter boat to provide a cover story before picking up the 1,025 kg consignment of cocaine in Venezuela last August . The 35-year-old window cleaner , from Bradford , was one of three men who were arrested after Naval officers stormed the yacht , pictured being brought into Cobh , 200 miles off the south-west coast of Ireland in September . A photo captures the moment Irish Navy ship LE Niamh approached the Makayabella . The yacht was taken to the Haulbowline naval base following the Navy operation before being searched . A map showing where the previous ship had to be rescued and where the smugglers carrying £ 200million of cocaine were intercepted . He was accompanied by Mellor , with both being paid £ 100,000 for the trip , and later by Britteon , from Grimsby , who was to receive £ 20,000 . But the plot started to unravel when another vessel , known as the Sea Breeze , had to be rescued in the Irish Sea after it ran out of fuel . Irish authorities became suspicious at the large amount of food , diesel , cannabis and satellite phones found onboard . The Makayabella was simultaneously reported to be floundering in the Atlantic , leading Irish and UK authorities to suspect that the Sea Breeze was attempting to rendezvous with the yacht . Inspector Fergal Foley , a Garda investigator , said the Makayabella was in a grim state when they found it and was running out of drinking water . He said : ` To be blunt , they were delighted to see the navy ' . Powell 's son Stephen , 48 , from Guiseley , West Yorkshire , was a ` major player ' in Britain 's drugs underworld and was the ` main man ' behind the operation , the court was told . He has already been sentenced to 16 years for conspiracy to import cocaine . Both Mellor and Britteon were described as ` simply hired help ' . Powell was given a longer sentence because he had flown out to inspect the yacht and knew through his son about the whole plan .