Marks and Spencer 's first clothes sales rise for four years has today been credited to its fashion supremo Belinda Earl , the former Saturday shopgirl parachuted in to turn round the business . The married mother-of-two ran Debenhams , Jaeger and Aquascutum before she won the make-or-break style director role at m & s in September 2012 . Today it appears that her hard work has paid off , with general merchandise sales , which is mainly women 's clothes , up 0.7 per cent - the first rise after 14 consecutive quarters of losses . Mrs Earl is also the woman behind the retailer 's brown suede skirt - out this month - which is now being branded the item that could save the business . Sales have also been boosted by celebrity underwear ranges , like those promoted by m & s models Rosie Huntington-Whiteley and David Gandy . On trend : m & s fashion chief Belinda Earl , left , has been credited with helping bring in a number of sales hits , including the much lusted after suede skirt worn here by Alexa Chung , which is out this month . Increase : m & s stars Rosie Huntington-Whiteley and David Gandy have also helped increase sales with their own ranges - with Miss Huntington-Whiteley 's bras proving particularly successful in the last quarter . Miss Huntington-Whiteley 's £ 25 padded bra and Mr Gandy 's luxury underwear ranges helped push up clothing sales 0.7 per cent in the post-Christmas period . The £ 199 brown suede skirt , based on a 1970 's m & s classic , has been worn by A-listers including Alexa Chung and Olivia Palermo and received worldwide coverage . Mrs Earl said : ` When I first saw the skirt , I knew it would be a popular style for us though the support and excitement we have received has exceeded expectations ' . Announcing the sales rise today , under pressure boss Marc Bolland said it proved ` we have been bang on trend ' . Belinda Earl began her career aged 16 as a Saturday girl at Debenhams and after a brief stint as a Harrods trainee she moved back , and up the ranks , to become CEO before moving to Jaeger and then m & s . Belinda began her career aged 16 as a Saturday girl at Debenhams and after a brief stint as a Harrods trainee she moved back , and up the ranks , to become CEO . After running Aquascutum and Jaeger she was parachuted in as style director , in a bid to try to end the sales slump . Belinda spent her first two months talking to women shoppers , and they told her they want quality from m & s . She wrote for MailOnline last year : ` We believe that provenance and integrity are key . Best of British is made in 20 UK factories -- we have got cloth from Yorkshire and Cheshire , outerwear from Manchester and footwear from Northamptonshire . We sell the range from our flagship . com site and in five UK stores . ` We are wholeheartedly committed to seeing these innovations through . Why ? Because this is how the British fashion industry distinguishes itself . Because customers love it . Because it 's our heritage . And because it makes great business sense ' . Today experts said the sales growth in the key womenswear sector , where m & s competes with Next and Primark , shows the retailer may have been turned round . The High Street giant 's growth came as sales in its popular food halls also rose in the 13 weeks to March 28 , mainly thanks to record Valentine 's Day sales . It said customers had responded to changes in ` product quality and styling ' and it sold more full-price items , especially from its luxury ranges . New York socialite and fashion blogger Olivia Palermo , who shot to fame on US reality show The City as an apprentice at fashion house Diane von Furstenberg , debuted the m & s suede skirt at New York Fashion Week . m & s also saw a 13 per cent rise in online sales - after a year of struggles for its new website , which cost millions to develop and will have helped increase clothing sales for the first time in 44 months . m & s clothes were put firmly in the headlines by the arrival of a controversial suede skirt , which has divided opinion . Marks called it ` iconic ' in its trading update . It does n't go on sale until 10 April , but m & s said the huge amount of interest it has generated has driven extra traffic to its online store . It has been named item of the season and been worn by celebrities such as Alexa Chung and Olivia Palermo . It is not cheap with a £ 199 price tag . The m & s share price rose 20p as the London Stock Exchange opened this morning - taking them above £ 5.50 . Chief executive Marc Bolland said : ` We have made strong progress over the quarter . In Food we delivered another excellent performance , with sales growth ahead of the market . ` We continued to deliver on General Merchandise gross margin , and are pleased that we have achieved this whilst also improving General Merchandise sales . M&S.com has returned to growth , as planned , with further improvement in customer metrics . ' Turnaround : For the last 14 financial quarters m & s ' general merchandise sales - which is mainly women 's clothing - had fallen - but today m & s announced they had returned to growth . On the up : Food sales were also up after m & s enjoyed a record Valentine 's Day period , especially on it dine-in deals and flowers . Chief executive Bolland has been trying to turn around its clothes division for some time and has spent heavily on adverts , which have included the likes of model Rosie Huntington-Whiteley and celebrity Myleene Klass . m & s ' use of stars such as Huntington-Whiteley and David Gandy appears to have paid off . Rosie for Autograph , the retailer 's luxury range , sold nearly 400,000 items over the quarter , up 108 per cent on the year -- and the bestseller was her £ 25 padded bra . Sales in boots , blouses and formal jackets were also big sellers , again in the Autograph ranges . In the food hall the m & s sold 830,000 £ 20 Valentine 's Day Dine-in deals , more of its healthy Count on Us ready meals and also had a record Mother 's Day for flowers and plants . Experts had a mixed response to today 's news . Bryan Roberts , retail analyst at Kantar , said : ` Womenswear needs to be consistently better across the whole range . The occasional screamer into the top corner does n't negate smashing the ball over the bar for the last four years . ' Previous poor sales were blamed on poor weather and problems with their new multi-million pound website and strong growth from rivals Primark and Next had caused them problems . It suffered a nightmare Black Friday and problems over the Christmas period after its new online distribution centre failed to cope with demand , resulting in no next day deliveries and longer waits for customers . Its progress in clothing was partly disrupted by more stock going into the Christmas sale as a result of the unseasonal conditions through the autumn and winter season . Analysts had expected the retailer 's general merchandise unit to report a 1.2 % fall in like-for-like sales . The firm also said that its online sales returned to growth of 13.8 % , with its traffic numbers and customer satisfaction ratings continuing to improve since distribution problems impacted Christmas trading . The retailer said the specialist positioning of its food business continued to deliver results in a deflationary market , caused by ongoing supermarket price wars . The business said it introduced over 350 new products during the period .