Mr Miliband will allow Scotland to set a more generous benefits system than the rest of the UK if he becomes Prime Minister . Labour leader Ed Miliband will allow Scotland to set a more generous benefits system than the rest of the UK if he becomes Prime Minister . Mr Miliband will hand Scottish MPs the unprecedented power to set a higher state pension and more generous dole and disability payments in a desperate attempt to reverse the exodus of his voters to the SNP . He will unveil the radical proposals in his manifesto , due to be published tomorrow , as he attempts to fight back in Scotland -- a key General Election battleground . But the move will lead to fears that it could again put the future of the Union at risk by setting Scotland apart from the rest of the UK . Under Mr Miliband 's plan , the Scottish Parliament will be given the power to ` top up ' payments which are reserved to Westminster , including jobseeker 's allowance , disability living allowance or even the state pension . Critics fear that it could lead to the SNP and Labour veering increasingly to the Left by promising a more generous benefits system . It is also sure to prove controversial in other parts of the UK , and could stoke resentment about Scots getting a better deal . There are already concerns about Scots receiving state handouts such as free prescriptions and free tuition fees , which are not available in England and Wales . Ahead of tomorrow 's manifesto launch , Scottish Labour leader Jim Murphy said : ` We will go much further than what is on offer by allowing Scotland 's cities and communities more influence and control over the welfare state . ' Under the proposals , Labour will give members of the Scottish Parliament the power to make top-up payments to all benefit claimants . Crucially , the money would need to be found from elsewhere within the Scottish Parliament 's budget -- or raised through increased taxation . That increases the prospect that other taxpayers could see their bills soar in order to fund benefit giveaways . Scottish Conservative MSP Alex Johnstone said : ` This is an example of Labour desperately foraging around for policies it thinks people in Scotland want to hear . ` They 're forgetting people voted `` No '' -LSB- in the independence referendum -RSB- , and do n't need Labour patronising them on the constitution . ' Miliband and Scottish Labour leader Jim Murphy appear at a General Election campaign press conference in Edinburgh .