Chantelle Doherty -LRB- pictured -RRB- was involved in a raid on the home of a 92-year-old man where she bluffed her way in and stole several bottles of whisky . The niece of Gypsy Weddings star Paddy Doherty has been jailed for two years after she and an accomplice preyed on elderly people in their homes in ` cruel and heinous raids ' . Chantelle Doherty , 21 , of Prestwich , Greater Manchester , was involved in a raid on the home of a 92-year-old man in which she and another man bluffed their way in and stole several bottles of whisky , a decanter and a phone . Her friend Martin Lawrence , 27 , also targeted a man aged 99 claiming he owed him money for non existing paving work . The incidents occurred after Doherty was freed from jail having been in prison for 16 months for leading a gypsy girl gang which carried out a string of vicious robberies . Doherty has now been jailed for two years after pleading guilty to burglary and fraud . Lawrence , of no fixed address , was jailed for five years after he pleaded guilty to three counts of burglary , three counts of fraud and one count each of robbery and attempted theft . Police said the offending began on November 9 , 2013 , when Lawrence and another man went to the home of the 99-year old man in Salford claiming to work for a paving company and asked the man if he wanted any work doing . He told them he did not but over the next few days they returned and called the victim on several occasions and persuaded him to hand over a large amount of money . A few days later Lawrence returned asking for more money but the man refused . Lawrence asked him for a drink and when the man went to make him one Lawrence went upstairs , where the man found him rooting through his drawers and told him to leave . He later found his wallet had been stolen and rang the police . Lawrence also returned in February and March 2014 asking to do more work on the driveway , but the man refused and called the police . Later on December 3 Lawrence went to the home of a 92-year-old man in Salford , pretending to be a charity collector . Doherty -LRB- pictured left -RRB- has been jailed for two years and accomplice Martin Lawrence -LRB- right -RRB- for five years . The man donated £ 5 to what he believed to be a good cause , but while Lawrence was there he stole £ 130 from the man 's wallet and his credit card . On December 9 Lawrence approached a 54-year-old man in his garden at his home falsely claiming to be from the police and asked the man if they could go into his house to talk about a recent crime . The man became suspicious and asked to see his ID , which is when Lawrence showed the stolen credit card . The man asked Lawrence to leave and there was a struggle between the pair before Lawrence stole his wallet which contained a debit card and Tesco mobile top up card , and made off . A short time after this incident , Lawrence and Doherty went into a pub in Pendlebury , and ordered around £ 70 worth of food and drinks . They left the stolen debit card as payment but this was declined , so they told staff they would return to their hotel room next door to get another card , but they never came back . As they left , Lawrence was carrying a bottle of Amigo beer . Doherty is the niece of My Big Fat Gypsy Wedding and Celebrity Big Brother star Paddy Doherty -LRB- pictured -RRB- . The pair then went to the home of the 92-year-old victim from a few days previously and persuaded him to let them in , where they stole several bottles of whisky , a decanter , phone and replaced his credit card with the stolen Tesco mobile top up card . The next day a relative of the man went to visit him and noticed a bottle of Amigo beer in the living room . DNA from the bottle was later matched to Lawrence . At an earlier hearing Doherty was said to have had no formal education and was unable to read and write and her role in the community is a ` particular role handed down to females in her position . ' She was previously jailed aged 18 when she led a five-strong ladette mob which ambushed and bullied youngsters in the street and robbed them of valuables . During one incident Doherty - whose 52-year old uncle won the 2011 reality TV show Celebrity Big Brother - head butted a young boy , forced a fizzy drink down another terrified boy 's throat and poured alcohol over another . In one of the five hold ups across Salford , Greater Manchester , a girl of eight was forcibly pushed up a road on her bicyle and left crying hysterically after being robbed of her mobile phone . Another young girl was told ` if you call the police , we 'll kill you , we 're Gypsies , ' before she was robbed of her Blackberry . Doherty , the eldest of the gang , was said to have been the most aggressive of the girls - even kicking out at a police officer as she was arrested . At today 's court hearing she was said to be thoroughly ashamed and felt ` she 's brought shame on her family , her community . ' PC Michelle Ingham of Greater Manchester Police said : ` It is difficult to convey the devastating impact these cruel acts have had on these two victims . ` Lawrence repeatedly targeted two vulnerable elderly men in the sanctity of their own homes , a place where they should feel safe and where they and their families had worked hard to ensure these two men could still enjoy a high level of independence in their old age . ` As a direct result of what happened here , one of these men has had to move out of his family home , where until this point he had lived happily , and into residential care , which is simply heart-wrenching for both him and his family . ` I hope that today 's sentencing acts as a warning to others who may think they can get away with targeting more vulnerable members in our society - this sort of heinous crime is one that we take extremely seriously and we will do everything in our power to trace those responsible and put them behind bars for their actions . '