Darren Bent pounced in stoppage time to rescue a 1-1 draw for Derby against Brentford at the iPro Stadium . The Bees controlled the game for long periods after going ahead through Alex Pritchard 's brilliant strike - but missed chances in the second half came back to haunt them when Bent grabbed his 10th goal for the Rams . Derby went into the game knowing they needed to win to keep their slim hopes of automatic promotion alive and Tom Ince twice went close in the opening seven minutes . Alex Pritchard celebrates his stunning strike with his Brentford team-mates , after putting his side ahead . Derby : Grant , Keogh , Albentosa , Forsyth , Warnock -LRB- Whitbread 78 mins -RRB- , Russell -LRB- Dawkins 46 -RRB- , Bryson -LRB- Lingard 78 -RRB- , Hendrick , Ince , Bent , Martin . Subs not used : Ward , Roos , Hanson , Thomas . Booked : Bryson . Goal : Bent 92 . Brentford : Button , Odubajo , Dean , Tarkowski , Bidwell , Douglas , Diagouraga , Jota -LRB- Dallas 70 -RRB- , Pritchard -LRB- Toral 86 -RRB- , Judge , Gray -LRB- Smith 80 -RRB- . Subs not used : Craig , McCormack , Bonham , O'Connell . Goal : Pritchard 21 . Booked : Tarkowski . Referee : Graham Scott . The on-loan Hull winger was caught by Toumani Diagouraga in the fifth minute and curled the 25-yard free-kick over the wall and just past David Button 's left post with the goalkeeper desperately scrambling to get across . Button had to plunge to his right two minutes later when Ince curled a shot from the edge of the box but Brentford hit back in the 14th minute when Jota 's header set up Moses Odubajo for a shot that Lee Grant pushed away . Grant was relieved to see a free-kick from Alan Judge whistle past his left post after Pritchard was tripped by Raul Albentosa just outside the area in the 22nd minute - but he was beaten by a quality goal six minutes later . Diagouraga tackled Jeff Hendrick deep in his own half and found Jonathan Douglas who quickly released Judge , before Pritchard went past Richard Keogh and Craig Bryson and bent a right foot shot from the edge of the box past the despairing dive of Grant . Pritchard again found space just outside the area but this time he shot straight at Grant before Ince ran down the left of Brentford 's defence to drive in a low shot which Button saved diving to his left . Alan Judge strikes a free kick over the Derby wall , but it flies just over the crossbar . Brentford were good value for their half-time lead and they came close to increasing it in the 51st minute when Bryson 's attempted clearance spun back to Andre Gray - but Albentosa deflected his shot wide . Gray had another chance four minutes later when Douglas played him in but fired wide from eight yards , then the home fans found their voice when sub Simon Dawkins played Bent in but Button raced off his line to make the save . There was a big let-off for Derby in the 68th minute when Jota pulled the ball back from the edge of the six-yard box to tee up Douglas - but his shot was cleared off the line by Craig Forsyth . Brentford had another chance in the 73rd minute when Stuart Dallas crossed to the back post , where Gray headed over at full stretch and the Rams nearly made them pay when Zak Whitbread flicked on a corner and Button made an instinctive save to push the ball behind . But Derby grabbed a goal they barely deserved in the second minute of stoppage time when Hendrick fired in a low shot and Bent pounced to stab home an equaliser that was tough on Brentford . Jonathan Douglas , who had a second-half shot cleared off the line , challenges Jeff Hendrick . Thomas Ince takes on Harlee Dean as Derby struggled to get level in the promotion clash . Darren Bent , who scored the last-minute equaliser for Derby , challenges for a header with Dean .