Three men accused of being agents of the Syrian government have been executed in a shocking new video , Islamic State has claimed . The barbaric footage , released earlier today , shows the men kneeling in the middle of a dusty road in Deir ez-Zor , Syria , as a militant brandishing a sharpened sword stands behind them . It comes just one day after the extremist group claim to have shot and beheaded more than 30 Ethiopian Christians in Libya . Each of the men are forced on to their hands and knees in the war-torn street before they are beheaded . The harrowing video shows the sword used to kill the men being forged and sharpened for the executions . The three men were accused of being Assad agents , working for the Syrian governmment , say ISIS . The new eight-minute video shows the men - wearing orange Guantanamo-style jumpsuits with their hands and feet in chains - sitting in a dirty , underground room . After giving information about each of the prisoners in Arabic , the men are blindfolded and filmed in the back of a moving van while an ISIS militant decked in black guards over them . When the van stops , the barefoot captives are escorted out and begin to march slowly down an abandoned street , surrounded by fighters holding guns . The professionally-shot film pans the scene - showing buildings irreparably damaged by bombing - before phasing into a picture of the executioner 's sword being sharpened before the brutal executions . One by one the prisoners are beheaded by a fighter , who is dressed completely in black and unidentifiable . Their bodies are left on the road . Initial reports suggested the extremist group targeted the men because they worked for the Syrian regime . But they did not confirm who the men - thought to be aged between 35 and 45 - were or when the execution took place . The prisoners were filmed barefoot and in shackles in an unknown prison at the start of the sick video . They were then blindfolded and transported in a van to the execution point - thought to be Deir ez-Zo in Syria . Sparks fly from the sword as it is sharpened , before being used to behead the men in a brutal execution . One by one the men are murdered . The body of one of the men can been seen after he was beheaded . It is the latest footage released by the militant group , which is increasingly using propaganda to encourage would-be jihadi fighters . Yesterday a 29-minute video , titled ` Until It Came To Them - Clear Evidence ' , showed dozens of militants holding two separate groups captive in Libya . It showed at least 16 men , described by Islamic State as the ` followers of the cross from the enemy Ethiopian Church ' , being shot in a desert area while 12 others were beheaded on a beach . In February a similar video was released showing the beheading of a group of 21 Coptic Christians on a beach in Libya . The helpless men were kept under a close watch by their ISIS captives . Videos of this nature - often professionally shot - are used by the militant group as propaganda to attract other would-be jihadi fighters . The bodies of each of the helpless men , thought to be aged between 35 and 45 , were then left on the road . One of the victims , flanked by two fighters in black , can be seen being led down the abandoned Syrian road . ISIS has taken over large sections of iraq and ISIS and carried out multiple public executions similar to this . The battle against Islamic State amid a protracted civil war in Syria is thought to have already claimed the lives of more than 200,000 people . ISIS has destroyed churches and Christian shrines in the country . They also demanded that Christians living under its rule pay a ` special tax ' known as jizya . Fighters from the Kurdish People 's Protection Units -LRB- YPG -RRB- have been on the offensive and a large area is now divided between Kurdish and IS control . The extremist group has been able to gain a foothold amid chaos in Libya and is also advancing in Iraq .