Landslides have exposed trails of dinosaur footprints running along a near-vertical rock face in Bolivia . And although the angle of the prints could suggest the lumbering reptiles were avid mountaineers , Bolivia 's Cal Orcko paleontological site is the result of tectonic activity that forced the earth upwards . The attraction , at Fancesa limestone quarry in Sucre , comprises some 462 trails made up of 5,055 prints - and frequent landslides reveal new ones , some of which belong to unknown species . Boliva 's Cal Orcko paleontological site is the result of tectonic activity , forcing earth upwards and preserving the precious trackways so that dinosaur tracks are seen on a vertical ` wall ' -LRB- pictured -RRB- . The wall , which is the largest dinosaur trackway in the world , is approximately 390 feet -LRB- 120 metres -RRB- tall and features tracks made by at least eight species of dinosaurs , The Daily Beast reported . Some of them are more than a metre in length , indicating the size of some of the vast beasts that roamed the area in the upper cretaceous period - a time in which the majority of dinosaurs lived . At first glance , it appears that large dinosaurs such as the Titanosaurs and armoured Ankylosauruses hauled their considerable bulks up the incredibly steep slope , which measures one mile -LRB- 1.5 km -RRB- . But the imprinted rock was once horizontal before being pushed upwards by tectonic activity . The attraction , at Fancesa limestone quarry in Sucre , Bolivia -LRB- left -RRB- , comprises some 462 trails made up of 5,055 prints -LRB- right -RRB- -- and frequent landslides reveal new ones , some of which belong to unknown species . The wall , which is the largest dinosaur trackway in the world , is approximately 390 feet -LRB- 120 metres -RRB- tall and features tracks made by at least eight species of dinosaurs . Some , like the one pictured , are large . In 2009 , fossil hunters came across what are thought to be among the world 's largest dinosaur prints . Measuring 5ft -LRB- 1.5 metres -RRB- wide , they were made by long-necked sauropods 150 million years ago and were found in chalky sediment in the Jura plateau of eastern France . It 's thought the Late Jurassic dinosaurs were more than 75 ft -LRB- 23 metres -RRB- long and weighed up to 40 tonnes . Palaeontologist Jean-Michel Mazin of France 's National Centre of Scientific Research , said at the time , from the prints , ` we can calculate their size and speed , find out about their behaviour and learn how they got around . ' ` They were very hard to see because there were a lot of little stones -LRB- on the ground -RRB- , there was grass growing there , and you really had to have a trained eye to notice something , ' Dr Mazin said . The area was not mountainous when the dinosaurs were alive and the region had lots of water and islands , meaning the tracks were preserved by the sea and sediment . This activity thrust a huge slab of earth upwards , which dried into limestone and now resembles a cliff face . However , the site looked very different millions of years ago , when the region was muddy and flat . The dinosaurs left their mark while walking along the shoreline of a large lake . There are layers of prints preserved in the limestone because the marks hardened in dry periods , before being covered in preservative mud , enabling the process to start again . Paleontologist Klaus Schutt also suggested that a huge volcanic eruption threw millions of cubic metres of ash into space 68 million years ago , which gradually covered the prints to protect them , Unesco reported . A decade after the discovery , which was made by miners in the mid 1980s , palaeontologists began to document the prints . Due to the spacing of these prints , experts can use them to reveal clues about the dinosaurs ' gait , build and lifestyle . One set of tracks , for example , revealed two lines of prints with a smaller pair , suggesting a baby walked alongside its parents , while another set , now known as Johnny Walker , was made by a baby T.Rex . When some are removed , or crumble away , more are revealed underneath . While there may be more precious footprints yet to be found , some experts say Cal Orcko , which means ` lime hill ' in the Quechua tongue , is under threat from human activity . The imprinted rock was pushed upwards by tectonic activity , thrusting a huge slab of earth upwards , which dried into limestone and now resembles a cliff face -LRB- pictured -RRB- . At first glance , it appears that large dinosaurs -LRB- such as the one pictured -RRB- as well as Titanosaurs and armoured Ankylosauruses , hauled their considerable bulks up the incredibly steep slope . The site , at Fancesa limestone quarry in Sucre -LRB- shown on the map -RRB- attracts 120,000 tourists every year , which some believe is a threat to the site , as well as a nearby cement works that uses limestone . The dinosaurs left their mark -LRB- pictured -RRB- while walking along the shoreline of a large lake . Their tracks dried in the hot season and were preserved before more mud and possibly volcanic ash covered and preserved them . The site attracts 120,000 tourists every year , while a nearby cement factory pulls limestone from a local quarry . ` The cliff has been quite affected by the many years of extracting the raw material , ' Elizabeth Baldivieso , administrator of Cretaceous Park which protects the fossil filed , told AFP . But she has been branded an alarmist . A decade after their discovery , which was made by miners in the mid 1980s , palaeontologists began to document the prints -LRB- some of which are shown -RRB- . Due to the spacing of these prints , experts can use them to reveal clues about the dinosaurs ' gait , build and lifestyle . While there may be more precious footprints yet to be found , some experts say Cal Orcko , which means ` lime hill ' in the Quechua tongue , is under threat from human activity . Here , a volcanic rock containing a print is on display at the Bolivian park .