David and Victoria Beckham have won a planning battle against their next-door neighbour over proposals to install air-conditioning at his new mansion . The A-list couple want to install air-con in five rooms including the luxury gym and large wine cellar at the £ 31.5 million west London home . But one neighbour was furious with the proposals , claiming it ` will affect the historic character of the Victorian house of the streets , my house included ' . Another Beckham victory : David and Victoria have won a planning battle against their next-door neighbour over proposals to install air-conditioning at their new mansion in west London . Portfolio : The couple , pictured , have won planning permission to improve their mansion , which will become their main UK residence . They already have homes in California , France and Dubai . The neighbour expressed ` deep concerns ' about the impact of noise , vibration , dirt , pollution and dust from the construction . But other locals gave their support to the Beckhams and the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea Council has approved the plans subject to minor conditions . A report from the council said the air-conditioning would have minimal impact on the significance of the listed building and the noise from the units would comply with the borough 's criteria . Jonathan Bore , the executive director for planning and development , said : ` The proposals would safeguard the special architectural and historic interest of the listed building , would preserve the character and appearance of the conservation area , would preserve the living conditions of neighbouring occupiers , and would have an acceptable impact on trees . ' The Beckhams bought the grand property in Holland Park for £ 31.5 million in cash in 2013 . With the help of designer Rose Uniacke , they are restoring the Grade II listed mansion to its former glory . It is a slow process with photos sent to the council last year showing the house had been stripped ahead of its overhaul . Plans : The first floor will belong to David and Victoria , and boast a huge bedroom , an even bigger dressing room and an en-suite bathroom . The house will include rooms for hairdressing , manicures and make-up , as well as separate rooms for 40-year-old Victoria 's shoe collection . Architect 's impression : When ready , the property will have six-bedrooms , a gym , study , office , playroom , cinema and large drawing room . When ready , the property will have six-bedrooms , a gym , study , office , playroom , cinema and large drawing room . The first floor will belong to David and Victoria , and boast a huge bedroom , an even bigger dressing room and an en-suite bathroom . There is also a separate mews house at the foot of the garden which will also be renovated . One local described the plans as a ` prudent and sensible set of alterations which will add to the value of the property over the long term ' . A neighbour nearby added that councils should be encouraging the likes of the Beckhams to ` restore these beautiful houses to their former glory ' . Estate agents have estimated the property could be worth as much as £ 42 million when completed . Old pad : The Beckhams reportedly sold their former house in Hertfordshire , dubbed Beckingham Palace , pictured , for £ 11.5 million - making an estimated £ 9million profit .