Ten years ago , I signed a letter backing Labour in the 2005 Election . Earlier this month I signed a letter backing the Conservatives for this one . Why the conversion ? I 'm not a tribally political animal . I am someone who runs and starts businesses , but most importantly wants to see our country succeed . I back whatever works . Five years ago the world was facing catastrophic economic problems . We had stared into the abyss of a complete failure of the international financial system , and managed -- via huge State intervention -- to avoid total collapse . The recovery of the UK since then has been extraordinary . We have outperformed every other major economy . Former Blair ally Charles Dunstone -LRB- pictured -RRB- is now supporting the Conservative Party in the election . When I speak to investors and business people around the world , they see the recent British story as something of a miracle . The jobs figures alone are astounding : 2 million more people are in work -- a figure representing many , many personal triumphs . Businesses are starting in record numbers . I really believe David Cameron and George Osborne deserve much of the credit for this incredible turnaround . But back to ten years ago . In 2005 I supported New Labour because they had ended the tyranny of ` or ' -- the idea that you could only have a strong and growing economy ` or ' a fair and compassionate society . New Labour recognised that the one helped pay for the other ; healthy tax receipts from business meant more money for schools , hospitals and helping the poorest in our country . Put simply , Tony Blair understood that in order to spend money , you first need to earn money . I 'm genuinely concerned that this view is n't shared by the current Labour Party -- and that business is viewed as the problem , rather than the essential engine that gives politicians the ability to provide that fair and compassionate society . What 's more , they do not seem to understand how businesses work . Take their energy-freeze policy . This betrays a basic misunderstanding of how markets work . Companies would have elevated prices in anticipation of a freeze -- and kept them high despite the recent drop in the price of oil . This is just one clumsy intervention that would end up costing people money . The current Government has made it very clear that the UK is open for business and endeavours to make business welcome here . It 's vital , because fundamentally , the business world is driven by confidence and positive sentiment . The former Carphone Warehouse boss said Mr Cameron deserved credit for turning around the economy . However , it is very fragile and hard to nurture , and the mobility of the modern business world means a tech firm can start up as easily in Berlin or Silicon Valley as they can in London , so they 're not going to pick a place which they perceive will make it hard for them to thrive . We need a government that backs business , not one that views us as cartoon capitalists ; a necessary evil to bring in money at best ; the embodiments of greed at worst . Because the truth is the vast majority of those working in business are trying to build something good and to employ more people . There is such a thing as turning an honest profit . The man running a local bakery and employing ten people is a capitalist . The woman starting up a tech firm in her attic is a capitalist . These people are doing our economy and our society a service . They are not to be stigmatised but backed . I 'm backing the Conservatives for this Election as they 've shown a determination to stick to the course even when the tide of opinion was turning against them . A couple of years ago , a chorus of voices were urging George Osborne to change direction . He ignored them , the plan paid off , and now those same people are patting him on the back for his resolve . I like what they 've done for small businesses too . Everyone 's got to start somewhere . I started selling mobile phones from my flat . And in the age of the start-up , government has to make life easier for people to get going . He said the current Labour Party , under Ed Miliband , viewed business as the problem , rather than the essential engine that gives politicians the ability to provide that fair and compassionate society . I was speaking to an Italian contact recently who told me that anyone starting a small business in Italy gets sucked into a quagmire of bureaucracy , treated like some massive enterprise with their own accounting department . He could n't believe that in Britain you could get online and register your company in a few short steps -- and that is to the Conservatives ' credit . Most of all I like the confidence that is growing in our economy . What the economist Keynes called ` animal spirits ' ; what used to be called the feel-good factor ; whatever you call it , that can-do feeling has been returning . Economic success is n't decided on high , it is the collective result of millions of people feeling that we are heading in the right direction ; willing to take chances and work hard to succeed . This confidence has returned , beyond doubt -- but we must make no mistake , it is a very fragile thing . Indeed , it still has n't returned to many of our near neighbours . I 'm not a party loyalist and I have never donated money to any party . But on this occasion I really felt I had to speak out as our economic recovery truly hangs in the balance . For me the choice is clear . And it is not a choice between backing business on the one hand and promoting fairness on the other . There is nothing progressive about attacking business and undermining our economy . If the economy fails , frankly it is not the richest who suffer , it 's the poorest . It would be a huge and tragic irony if well-meaning people ended up hurting the most deprived in our country . But that is what I fear would happen with a Labour-SNP government -- one that is anti-business , anti-aspiration and pro-spending money we have n't even earned yet . It comes down to this : we have come a long way in the past five years . Clawing our way out of recession has meant a lot of hard work and sacrifice . We are rounding the corner and really getting somewhere as a country -- and we would be crazy to throw it all away now .