The blood of hundreds of baby seals has stained the pristine white snow of Canada 's ice floes as the world 's largest annual marine mammal slaughter begins . Horrifying images taken only yesterday show seals being shot and wounded before they are dragged onto a vessel - where they clubbed to death for their fur . Photographs of this year 's commercial hunt off the coast of Newfoundland were captured by animal rights charity Humane Society International -LRB- HSI -RRB- who say the baby animals ` are dying a violent death for fur products that nobody is buying ' . Horrific : Humane Society International has captured shocking images of seals being clubbed to death on Canada 's ice floes -LRB- pictured -RRB- as this year 's ` commercial hunt ' gets underway . Cruel : Images show the animals - who are eventually skinned for their fur - being shot and wounded on the thin ice before being dragged -LRB- pictured -RRB- onto vessels . Chilling : The seals who do not die from the gunshot wounds are dragged onto ships -LRB- pictured -RRB- where they are clubbed to death . Gruesome : The baby animals -LRB- pictured -RRB- are suffering a violent death ` for fur products nobody wants ' according to Humane Society International . Inhumane : Some seals die from the gunshot wounds -LRB- top -RRB- while others escape into the water where they slowly die from their injuries -LRB- bottom -RRB- . Blood-stained : Once the animals are shot , sealers retrieve the bodies by impaling them with a sharpened hook -LRB- pictured -RRB- which forces the seals that are still alive to violently thrash out . Cruel : The images HSI took from a helicopter above Newfoundland 's ice floes show sealers -LRB- pictured -RRB- pulling the seal 's blood-stained carcasses onto their ship . The disturbing images show the animals thrashing in pain as they are pulled across the blood-stained snow while others are seen impaled on the boat 's deck . HSI 's executive director Rebecca Aldworth said : ` This is the 17th year that I have witnessed the seal slaughter . The suffering I have seen is impossible to forget . If the killing happened in view of the public , it would have been shut down decades ago . But it occurs far offshore . ` We saw one baby seal clearly raise her head from the massive pool of blood she lay in . Another was shot and thrashed on the ice only to slip into the blood-slicked water . ` It is reprehensible that these baby seals are being killed with government financing , even as the largest seal processor in Canada admits to warehousing a stockpile of seal fur . ' The Newfoundland government has authorised the killing of up to 468,000 harp , hooded and grey seals , according to HSI . They claim the seals - many of which are just a few weeks old - are shot , clubbed and skinned for their fur despite a decreasing global demand for them . Killing : Even Sir Paul McCartney who visited a seal nursery with HSI in 2006 has made an emotional plea for Canada to stop the seal hunt -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Unforgiving : The animals are slaughtered in a remote region off the coast of Newfoundland -LRB- pictured -RRB- - HSI says if the killing happened in view of the public ` it would have been shut down decades ago ' Brutal : Veterinary experts claim the seals are killed inhumanely in the commercial hunt -LRB- pictured -RRB- because of the harsh environment in which it occurs and the speed at which they are killed . Barbaric : HSI 's executive director says ` it is reprehensible that these baby seals -LRB- pictured -RRB- are being killed with government financing ' Demand : The country 's largest purchaser of sealskin announced that it will no longer purchase the fur from seals who are killed and skinned -LRB- pictured -RRB- during commercial hunts . Innocent : Government reports found 98 percent of the seals -LRB- pictured -RRB- killed in the Canadian commercial seal slaughter are less than three months of age , according to HSI . The demand for seal products diminished greatly after the European Union , United States , Switzerland , Mexico , Taiwan and the Customs Union of Russia , Belarus , Kazakhstan and Armenia banned the trade of some or all products of commercial seal hunts . With China also blocking attempts to import seal meat into the country , the price of seal products from Canada declined rapidly and convinced many ` sealers ' to abandon the act . Sir Paul McCartney who visited a seal nursery with HSI in 2006 has made an emotional plea for Canada to stop the seal hunt . The former Beatle said : ` Canada 's brutal commercial seal hunt has begun , and once again thousands of baby seals will be shot and bludgeoned to make fur products that nobody wants or needs . ` Videos of the bloody seal slaughter provide the only vital evidence to demonstrate year after year that these seals are dying a horrible death for their fur . ' In recent years , Newfoundland 's government has reportedly dished out £ 6million in subsidies to seal processing plants to ` prop up the dying industry ' - and announced a further £ 1.3 million earlier this month . ` It is a double tragedy , ' according to HSI spokesperson Wendy Higgins who told MailOnline : ` They -LSB- seals -RSB- are suffering for frivolous fur products and Canada ca n't even sell the fur because more and more countries around the world are boycotting sales because of the horrendous cruelty . ' ` We want the Canadian government to offer a buy-out to the sealers and put and end to this senseless slaughter . ` The hunt is legal but that does n't mean that the killing is always done according to what few guidelines govern the industry and HSI has frequently documented breaches . ` Even if they did always kill the seals according to the rules , it 's still a dreadfully brutal process ... This hunt is taking place many hundreds of miles out with absolutely no-one there to monitor what they 're doing . ' Immoral : Even though the hunt -LRB- pictured -RRB- is legal in Canada , animal rights campaigners say it 's still a dreadfully brutal process . Shocking : The Newfoundland government has authorised the killing of up to 468,000 seals -LRB- pictured -RRB- this year , despite declining global demand for their fur . Hunted : The boss of a company who accepted government funds to continue purchasing sealskin said ` it 's probably not a really good time to get in this industry ' Death : As many as half-a-million seals -LRB- pictured -RRB- will be hunted and killed in this year 's cull . Only this week the country 's largest purchaser of sealskin announced that it will no longer purchase seal fur , citing a lack of demand and a warehouse full of it . Carino Processing Ltd also refused over £ 600,000 in financing from the Newfoundland government . But a new company PhocaLux International is accepting government funds and has stated it will purchase around 30,000 seal furs , according to CBC . The firm 's Chief Executive told the news channel ` the markets are n't really great around the world ... it 's probably not a really good time to get in this industry . ' Government reports confirmed that 98 percent of the seals killed in the Canadian commercial seal slaughter are pups less than three months of age , according to HSI . Veterinary experts have stated that Canada 's commercial seal hunt is inherently inhumane because of the remote , harsh environment in which it occurs and the speed at which the killing is conducted for commercial and safety reasons .