It looks like something straight out of a Hollywood movie , and on April 1st , most cynics may assume the Research Vessel Flip is a poorly considered joke . But the 355-foot scientific platform is genuine and has been used by the US Office for Naval Research for more than 50 years . The RV Flip does not have its own engine and has to be towed to the location of scientific study , where it turns 90 degrees , leaving just 50 feet above the surface . The reason behind the flip , is that with 300 feet below the surface , the vessel becomes incredibly stable . Instead of bobbing up and down on the waves like a traditional boat , it keeps its position . Scroll down for video . While floating on the surface the RV FLIP looks as if the back of the vessel has suffered a catastrophic accident leaving only a spine . As the vessel sinks below the surface , it looks like it is about to break up and plunge to the bottom of the ocean . The vessel uses a system of ballast tanks which fill with water to shift the centre of gravity in the vessel moving it to 90 degrees . After 20 minutes , the RV FLIP is safely positioned at 90 degrees allowing the researchers to begin their various experiments . It is used to measure underwater acoustics as well as water temperature . It can be also used for oceanography , meteorology and marine mammal observation . The vessel can accommodate five crew and up to eleven researchers for up to 30 days . Once the vessel is towed to its location it ` flips ' within 20 minutes by pumping water into several ballast tanks , sinking the front section of the vessel under the waves . After the vessel completes its flip , areas which were previously bulkheads become floors , and the floor becomes a bulkhead . In the bathroom , there are two sinks at right angles to each other so the crew can wash their hand no matter which way the vessel is pointed . The vessel was launched in 1962 when its unique ability to measure sound underwater would have been vitally important for the development of submarines during the cold war . In recent years , it has been far more concerned with studying marine life far below the surface . In 2010 , the vessel was deployed to research wind and swell conditions to help improve weather models . Inside the bathrooms the designers have installed sinks which are at 90 degrees to each other to cope with the flip process . The designers initially considered converting a submarine for this unusual mission but soon decided starting from scratch was better . The vessel is more than 355 feet long and has been specially designed to cope with the stress of tipping over by 90 degrees . Operators flood the ballast tanks to turn the vessel on its tail and then pump out the water using air to re-float it .