Gabby Giffords and her astronaut husband were seen jetting out of Los Angeles on Thursday ahead of the Easter weekend after taking a trip to visit his former space shuttle . The inspirational Ms Giffords , 44 , walked through the airport in California using a cane , hard-won steps that show her continued progress four years after she survived an attempted assassination in Tucson , Arizona . The former U.S. representative , who is now an advocate for gun control , was accompanied by her husband , retired astronaut Mark Kelly , on the trip , and a young woman who carried several bags . Gabrielle Giffords walked through the LA airport using a cane on Thursday alongside a young woman , showing her continued remarkable progress four years after she survived an attempted assassination . Ms Giffords , who was shot in the head by a gunman as she made a speech at a supermarket in Tucson , Arizona , is now a passionate advocate for gun control . Gabrielle Giffords walks with the help of a cane through an airport in Los Angeles . The former U.S. representative continues to make progress after she almost died in an assassination attempt four years ago . Ms Giffords posted a picture on social media on Wednesday of the couple visiting the Space Shuttle Endeavour at the California Science Center in LA . The picture was captioned : ` So fun to see the awesome Space Shuttle Endeavour with the awesome guy who flew it , Captain Mark Kelly ! ' Kelly also shared the snap and wrote : ` Good to be back with Gabby Giffords at the California Science Center to see Space Shuttle Endeavour . My old shuttle - and still my favorite . ' Last week , the couple had watch at the Johnson Space Center in Texas as Mark 's identical twin brother , astronaut Scott Kelly , blasted off aboard a Russian Soyuz rocket from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan on his yearlong mission to the International Space Station . Giffords posted a picture from mission control on her Facebook page and wrote : ` So exciting to be at NASA 's Mission Control during my brother-in-law NASA Astronaut Scott Kelly 's successful launch aboard a Soyuz rocket . ` Now , he 's on his way to the place he 'll call home for the next year : the International Space Station . I 'll miss him a lot , but I am really grateful for all that he is doing for our country during his # YearInSpace . ' Giffords , the former Democrat representative , survived a gunshot to the head on January 8 , 2011 , when a man opened fire in Arizona . Six people were killed and 13 wounded , including Ms Giffords , when Jared Loughner opened fire at a Tucson shopping center car park where she was giving a stump speech . She retired from Congress in 2012 and has since been a passionate advocate for gun control . The former U.S. representative and her husband , retired astronaut Mark Kelly , were seen just before catching a flight on Friday . Ms Giffords shared a picture of her and husband Mark Kelly visiting the Space Shuttle Endeavour at the California Science Center in LA and reminded her followers that he flew it . Gabby Giffords posted a picture of herself and husband , Captain Mark Kelly , on Facebook Wednesday with the message : ` So fun to see the awesome Space Shuttle Endeavour with the awesome guy who flew it ' Ms Giffords , who was shot in the head by a gunman as she made a speech at a supermarket in Tucson , Arizona , is now a passionate advocate for gun control .