One of Britain 's top entrepreneurs has unveiled a new plan to build a block of flats worth as much as £ 2billion on the site of an ugly multi-storey car park . John Caudwell , the founder of Phones4U , bought the Audley Street garage in Mayfair , central London for £ 155million in order to knock it down and build a high-end housing complex . The new apartment block will contain five townhouses , three penthouses , a mews home and 21 more luxury flats , rivalling properties such as One Hyde Park for the title of the world 's most desirable living space . Luxury : Audley Square House is set to be a complex of houses , luxury flats and penthouses in Mayfair , central London . Contrast : Most of the plot is currently taken up by an ugly parking garage which is set to be knocked down by owner John Caudwell . But it could face trouble getting planning permission - as VIP neighbours may object to the building works needed to build four levels of basements as well as nine storeys above the ground . Each townhouse and penthouse will have its own gym and swimming pool , while the penthouses will have dedicated lifts to ensure their owners ' privacy . Entrepreneur : The Phones4U founder , pictured with his partner Claire Johnson , is known as a prolific investor in Mayfair property . The development 's communal facilities will include a 15-metre swimming pool , a business centre for holding meetings , a gym , spa and cinema and games room . Plans for the ambitious complex were submitted to Westminster Council this week after being put together by US architects RAMSA , which beat 30 rivals to the job . Audley Square House is regarded as a ` super prime ' scheme - with one agent saying it could reach £ 10,000 per sq/ft , valuing it at £ 2billion in total . Becky Fatemi , director of Rokstone estate agents , said Audley Square House was ` one of the most exciting residential projects ever unveiled in London ' . She estimated it would sell for £ 5,500 - £ 7,000 per sq/ft , rising as high as £ 10,000 per sq/ft in the next few years . Ms Fatemi said : ` John Caudwell 's visionary proposals will replace an unsightly multi-storey concrete car park at 5 Audley Square and convert it into a super-prime residential project . ` The Audley Square project will create a new luxury village for Mayfair and will rival One Hyde Park as London 's best luxury address . ' Susan Cohen from Mayfair-based Pastor Real Estate said : ` Speculation on plans to develop the Audley Square car park have been going almost as long as I 've been in Mayfair , long before the £ 150 million deal to purchase the site in 2011 . ` There have been many twists and turns , initially refused by the planning officer , Westminster council then overturned this , now the plans have been revised and resubmitted . ` Whatever happens , due to the scale of investment already ploughed into this I do n't doubt the finished development will be one of the most super-prime schemes in Mayfair . ' Desirable : The complex is set to fetch as much as £ 2billion in total when it goes on to the market , according to one estate agent . Plan : This map shows how the development will include five townhouses as well as a courtyard garden . Towering : The property will reach nine storeys , as well as four basement levels to be excavated below ground . Mark Tunstall of Tunstall Property added : ` Mayfair is becoming increasingly residential as commercial leases granted after World War II on previously residential addresses come to an end and those properties are reinstated to their original use . ` Yet where it has lagged behind other areas such as Knightsbridge and Belgravia is in its provision of 21st century full-service apartment buildings . ` What Mayfair has lacked until now is a building to rival One Hyde Park and 199 Knightsbridge . Audley Square is set to be a game changer . ' Mr Caudwell , 62 , has previously described the location as being ` the best site in the world but with some of the ugliest buildings ' , and promised his stone-clad development will be ` very beautiful ' . Contrast : This image shows how the huge building will tower over the street it is on , compared to the modest development there now . Stylish : Mr Caudwell claims that many buildings in the area are very ugly and is keen to restore the district 's elegance . Overhaul : The vista will be almost unrecognisable when the complex is built - but it has to get planning permission first . He does not plan to include any affordable housing as part of the complex - and will instead pay Westminster Council more than £ 8million in compensation . If the property is sold for its maximum price , the Treasury could gain as much as £ 100million in stamp duty . However , Ms Fatemi warned that powerful locals might not be happy with the years of building works which would be likely to ensue in the area . ` The project will have a lower ground floor and four basement levels , this will be a major engineering scheme , ' she said . ` The neighbours are powerful and include the Embassy of Qatar , the Dorchester Hotel and very wealthy apartment owners who will expect the site construction to be managed to the highest levels to ensure no noise or construction impact and they will expect constantly clean roads . ' Map : Another projection of how the finished development will look which was submitted to Westminster Council planners . Eyesore : The current car park is an undistinguished modern building with a monolithic brick frontage . Mr Caudwell has previously made a number of significant investments in Mayfair - he is currently spending millions on converting two houses into a single mega-mansion , and he also owns the house next to Audley Square , which has been rented out for £ 15,000 per week . A spokesman for the development project declined to comment on the newly revealed plans . Billionaire : Mr Caudwell founded Phones4U and sold his business for £ 1.5 billion . John Caudwell rose from humble beginnings to become one of the wealthiest men in Britain thanks to the Phones4U business empire . He left school before taking his A-levels and worked as an apprentice at Michelin - but while working at the tyre firm , he started a mail-order business selling clothing to motorbike fans . Mr Caudwell was living in a caravan when he and his brother cooked up a plan to sell mobile phones , then considered an expensive luxury with huge profit margins . In 1987 He bought 26 phones from Motorola and took eight months to sell them all , but that turned out to be the origins of a company which would help define the burgeoning mobile market . Nearly 20 years later , Mr Caudwell cashed out by selling the last of his businesses for £ 1.5 billion , and at that point he became a noted philanthropist , giving to causes such as the NSPCC and the Bomber Command memorial . He has a son with his partner Claire Johnson , as well as four other children from previous relationships . Last year his son Rufus revealed that he was struggling with agoraphobia , and finds it almost impossible to leave the house . As well as his properties in Mayfair , Mr Caudwell owns 50-room Broughton Hall in Staffordshire , where he is currently building a private miniature railway to transport him and his guests around the estate .