A woman burned to death and her friend is still fighting for his life after their Lamborghini burst into flames following a head-on crash . Tugce Taskin , 26 , was killed after the luxury car swerved across a highway in the north-western Turkish city of Istanbul and hit another car coming the other way . Witnesses said it was a ` miracle ' that friend Adem Kilic , 31 , who is in a critical condition in hospital , survived the horror crash . The burnt out Lamborghini sports car after the accident in which a woman burnt to death and her friend was seriously injured . The luxury sports car had burst into flames after the crash in the north-western Turkish city of Istanbul - killing Tugce Taskin , 26 . The pair had been driving their high-end sports car along the the D-100 highway in the Beylikduzu district of Istanbul just after 11 pm . Suddenly the driver , who onlookers said had been going far too fast , appeared to lose control . The Lamborghini ploughed across the highway into oncoming traffic before smashing , head-on , into a car coming the other way . Adem Kilic , 31 , was left fighting for his life after the Lamborghini swerved across a highway before hitting another car . Emergency services attend the scene of the crash where the Lamborghini appears to be covered in foam - thought to have been used to extinguish the fire . It had then burst into flames tragically killing Ms Taskin and seriously injuring Mr Kilic who suffered severe burns and multiple fractures . Emergency services had arrived to put out the fire and he was rushed to Esenyurt State Hospital before being transferred to Kartal Dr Lutfi Kirdar Training and Research Hospital where he remains in a critical condition . The driver of the second vehicle was also taken to hospital where he is being treated . His injuries were not said to be life threatening . German holidaymaker Thornsten Beich , 62 , who witnessed the crash , said : ` There was nothing anyone could really do , it all happened so fast . Witnesses claimed the driver of the Lamborghini , which has been completely gutted by the fire , was going too fast and lost control on the highway . The Lamborghini , a brand known for its speed and luxury with prices often starting above the £ 100,000 mark , was transformed into a heap of twisted metal . ` The Lamborghini just ploughed over the other side of the road and hit another vehicle coming the other way . ` The sports car just burst into flames and it 's a miracle they got someone out at all . ' The Lamborghini itself was rendered completely unrecognisable in the incident . From a luxury vehicles worth tens to hundreds of thousands of pounds , it was transformed into a heap of twisted metal . After putting out the fire , crews arrived to remove the burnt out cars . A police investigation into the accident has been launched . German holidaymaker Thornsten Beich , who saw the crash , said it was a ` miracle ' the emergency services were able to get anyone out alive .