A Kansas mother who uses marijuana to treat a debilitating disease is now fighting for custody of her child after the 11-year-old boy disagreed with an anti-drug presentation at his school . Shona Banda , 37 , who published a book about how she uses a liquid form of cannabis as therapy for Crohn 's disease , has a custody hearing Monday in Garden City , Kansas . Her boy was taken by authorities on March 24 after officials at his school reported comments he made about marijuana to child protection services . Medical marijuana activist Shona Banda , 37 , is fighting for custody of her 11-year-old son after his comments about marijuana at a school presentation prompted police to search her home . The Department of Children and Families in the small Midwestern town then contacted police who went to Banda 's home , according to the Garden City Telegram . She did not give authorities consent to search her home , but they returned several hours later with a warrant and discovered marijuana in plant , oil , joint , gel and capsule form along with paraphernalia for the drug . Two ounces of cannabis in plant form and one ounce of oil were reportedly seized . Video supposedly of the incident posted on Youtube shows officers arriving at Banda 's house without a warrant , standing in her backyard and refusing to let the woman enter her house for fear that she could disturb evidence . ` It is not public property , you do n't have a warrant , ' Banda is heard telling the police of her backyard , but a sergeant responds that it ` does n't matter ' . The boy was given temporarily to his father , who is separated from Banda , but returned to state custody on Thursday ahead of the hearing . No charges have yet been filed against the mother . Banda wrote a book that detailed how she used cannabis oil to treat her debilitating Crohn 's disease . Police asked to enter the activist 's house -LRB- pictured -RRB- , but she denied them entry until they arrived with a warrant . ` For him to have spoken up in class I ca n't be upset about because he hears me daily on the phone talking with people , encouraging people to speak up and speak out , ' she told Ben Swann of her son . ` My son says different things like , ` My mom calls it cannabis and not marijuana , ' Banda said . The mother , who was diagnosed with the inflammatory bowel disease Crohn 's in the early 2000s , said that she had been losing weight and was ` on her death bed ' before she began using cannabis oil in 2009 . Crohn 's , where the body 's immune system attacks the gastrointestinal system , causes pain , diarrhea , menstrual problems , lack of appetite and fatigue . Banda said that the marijuana worked much better than any medicines that had been prescribed for her and she was soon able to walk without a cane , she said in a YouTube video . She says that her son was pulled out of school and interrogated by police without her . A Go Fund Me page has raised more than $ 20,000 for Banda 's legal defense . Supporters plan on rallying outside the courthouse when the author goes in for her custody hearing on Monday . Video posted on YouTube shows the officers standing in her backyard -LRB- left -RRB- and denying Banda entry into her home -LRB- right -RRB- because she may have disturbed evidence . Banda says that her 11-year-old was pulled out of school -LRB- pictured -RRB- and questioned by police after his statements . Possession of any amount of marijuana is illegal in Kansas and can land offenders with up to a year in jail and a $ 1,000 fine . Repeat offenses are a felony and can lead to up to three and a half years behind bars , according to the Marijuana Policy Project . Banda and her son had previously lived in Colorado , where marijuana is legal for recreational use , roughly one hour driving from Garden City . A medical marijuana bill that would allow some patients to use cannabis oil was in the process of going through the Kansas state legislature earlier this year , according to the Kansas City Star . Twenty-four states have laws allowing medical marijuana , while four and the District of Columbia have legalized recreational use by adults .