The Duke of Edinburgh has been presented with the insignia of his Australian knighthood by the Queen , in recognition of his contribution to the Commonwealth nation . Prince Philip was presented with the award on Wednesday by his wife , despite significant criticism of Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott following the announcement in January that he had recommended the Duke for the honour . The citation recognises the 93-year-old Duke of Edinburgh 's long service to the British monarchy and the Commonwealth , adding : ` He has served Australia with distinction and is patron of over 800 organisations . ' Scroll down for video . The Duke of Edinburgh has been presented with the insignia of his Australian knighthood by the Queen . The Duke of Edinburgh , who served in the Royal Navy throughout the Second World War , wore 17 medals and decorations when he visited the new SSAFA charity headquarters in central London in November 2013 . ` For three quarters of a century , Prince Philip has served the Crown , and the wider Commonwealth . He served originally as an officer in the Royal Navy and then as a member of the Royal Family , ' the citation said . Mr Abbott 's announcement on Australia Day - celebrated on January 26 - that the Queen 's consort would be awarded his nation 's highest award prompted questions over the wisdom of knighting a British royal on a day meant to commemorate their countrymen . The media dubbed the decision to make Philip a knight of the Order of Australia a ` knightmare ' , and incited public criticism from within Mr Abbott 's own backbenchers as well as the Opposition . ` I stand by the decision . I understand why some people do n't like it , ' he said . ` I respect their right to be critical ... and I take it on the chin , I take it on the chin , ' Mr Abbott told reporters at the time . The prime minister - who confirmed he did not consult his own chief of staff Peta Credlin - said there would be ` considerable more consultation around these awards ' in the future . Mr Abbott said in a speech at the National Press Club this month that he accepted the decision was a ` captain 's call ' , and he ` probably overdid it on awards ' . The Queen presented the Duke with the insignia of a Knight of the Order of Australia -LRB- pictured -RRB- . The investiture ceremony was held at Windsor Castle on Wednesday . Australia 's High Commissioner , Alexander Downer -LRB- above right -RRB- , was present during the ceremony in the Castle 's White Drawing Room . ` I just want to make it clear that all awards in the Order of Australia will henceforth be entirely a matter for the Order of Australia Council , ' he said . During the investiture ceremony , held at Windsor Castle , the Queen presented the Duke with the insignia of a Knight of the Order of Australia . Australia 's High Commissioner , Alexander Downer , was present during the ceremony in the Castle 's White Drawing Room . The accolade is just one of dozens of awards received by Philip , who is already a Knight of the Order of the Elephant in Denmark , a Royal Chief of the Order of Logohu in Papua New Guinea , and a Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Netherlands Lion . Mr Abbott 's announcement on Australia Day - celebrated on January 26 - prompted criticism . Mr Abbott said Prince Philip -LRB- right -RRB- had made a ` great contribution ' to Australian society during his time . He is also a Knight of the Garter , a Knight of the Thistle , a Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the British Empire , an Earl , a Baron and the Lord High Admiral of the Royal Navy . The prime minister 's office first sought advice about giving the Queen 's husband a knighthood in November 2014 , Department of Prime Minister and Cabinet officials confirmed in January . They also revealed the Letters Patent for the Order of Australia had to be amended because the Duke of Edinburgh was not an Australian citizen , making him an ` honorary ' knight only . Mr Abbott sent a cover letter to the Queen with the amended Letters Patent in mid-December . The Queen agreed to the recommendation to knight her husband on January 7 , 2015 . The 92-year-old Duke joined the Royal Navy in 1939 , aged 19 , and served throughout the Second World War and on until 1953 , when he gave up his active career in the Navy after the Queen ascended the throne . Since then he has held various military posts , including Admiral of the Fleet and Lord High Admiral of the Royal Navy . Array of honour : The Duke of Edinburgh , who joined the Royal Navy straight from school in 1939 , wore 17 medals and decorations when he opened the new headquarters of armed forces charity SSAFA in late 2013 . The Duke 's medals as seen above , left to right : . Queen 's Service Order , New Zealand : This is awarded by the Government of New Zealand for service to the country . 1939-1945 Star : A campaign medal of the British Commonwealth awarded for service during the Second World War . Atlantic Star : Awarded this in 1945 for service in the Atlantic during the Second World War . Africa Star : Awarded in 1945 for service in Africa during the Second World War . Burma Star -LRB- with Pacific Rosette -RRB- : Awarded for service in the Burma Campaign in the Second World War . Italy Star : Awarded for service in Italy and surrounding areas in the Second World War . War Medal 1939-1945 , with Mention in Dispatches : Awarded to those who served in the Armed Forces or Merchant Navy for at least 28 days between 1939-45 . The oak leaf on the ribbon denotes the Mention in Despatches . King George VI Coronation Medal , 1937 : These medals were made to commemorate the coronation of King George VI and Queen Elizabeth . Queen Elizabeth II Coronation Medal , 1953 : A commemorative medal made to celebrate the coronation of Queen Elizabeth II . Queen Elizabeth II Silver Jubilee Medal , 1977 : A commemorative medal created in 1977 to mark the 25th anniversary of the Queen 's accession to the throne . Queen Elizabeth II Golden Jubilee Medal , 2002 : A commemorative medal created in 2002 to mark the 50th anniversary of the Queen 's accession to the throne . Queen Elizabeth II Diamond Jubilee Medal , 2012 : A commemorative medal created last year to mark the 60th anniversary of the Queen 's accession to the throne . Canadian Forces Decoration -LRB- 4 Bars -RRB- : This honorary award was presented to the Duke in April this year . New Zealand Commemoration Medal , 1990 : This was awarded only during 1990 to around 3,000 people in recognition of contributions made to New Zealand life . Malta George Cross 50th Anniversary Medal , 1992 : This is a commemorative medal awarded by , or in the name of , the President of Malta . Greek War Cross , 1950 : This is awarded for heroism in wartime to both Greeks and foreign allies . The Duke earned his for his bravery in fighting the Italians when they invaded Greece in 1941 . Croix de Guerre -LRB- France -RRB- with Palm , 1948 : A French military decoration to honour people who fought with the Allies against Axis nations in the Second World War .