An Eight-year-old girl showed off her hand speed and overall boxing prowess while completing a pad work drill with her father . Evnika Saadvakass , from Kazakhstan , became a YouTube sensation when she was five-years-old after she was filmed throwing around 100 punches in less than two minutes . The video was viewed around three million times and now two years on the young girl has returned to update the world on her progress . Evnika Saadvakass became a YouTube sensation when she was five-years-old when her video received around three million views . Captured on a 40-second-clip , Evnika 's work rate is relentless and her ability staggering . Standing with an orthodox stance , the youngster begins raining shots at her father who quickly cycles his hands to meet her demand . The power on the punches is audible as she bounces around in a controlled manner before starting to shadow box . Dodging and weaving punches that come back at her , the youngster maintains her controlled stance -- her legs planted to the ground -- and continues to let her hands go . The young girl 's work rate is relentless and her ability is staggering in the 40-second long clip . The youngster maintains a controlled stance and continues to let her hands go while bobbing and weaving . Evnika shows no sign of tiredness as she unleashes a ten-punch combination before going back to her original pad work drill and then repeating the process . The video has received many positive comments from viewers on both Evnika 's Facebook page and YouTube channel . On Facebook , Ian Ray wrote : ` Unbelievable . I 've watched this video about 30 times in the last two days , amazing speed and coordination . ' While on YouTube a commenter pointed out the youngster 's versatility as she boxed Southpaw -LRB- with a right-hand-led stance -RRB- in her first video . The viewer also stated that Evnika is definitely going to feature at the Olympics in a few years time . The young boxer stands in an orthodox stance as she throws hundreds of quick punches at her father . Evnika shows no sign of tiredness as she unleashes a ten-punch combination before returning to her pad work . Evnika 's father Rustam said : ` My friends keep telling me : ` It would be cool if we could have trained like this when we were kids . ' ` Just imagine , how great our life could be if we had skills like Evnika ? ` It 's every child 's right to start training when they 're under five and then use the gained skills for the rest of their life . ` Actually , this is not a video about sports , but about our parental abilities and things we can give our children today . ' The youngster 's father Rustam quickly cycles his hands to keep up with his daughter 's punch demand .