Ian Walters , 51 , allegedly killed his wife Tracy by deliberately driving their truck into a tree at 84mph . A church treasurer accused of murdering his wife deliberately veered his 4x4 off the M1 causing it to explode as it hit trees , a court heard today . Leicester Crown Court was told that two dogs and suitcases were also thrown out of the pick-up truck being driven by Ian Walters as it crashed into a line of trees near Markfield , Leicestershire . Yesterday the court was told that his wife , Tracy Walters , died after making a flurry of calls to police about sex-obsessed husband in the days leading up to the M1 crash , including one that morning . Prosecutors allege that Walters , a driving test examiner , deliberately steered his Mitsubishi L200 off the motorway after his wife said she wanted a divorce and made allegations of domestic abuse . Walters , 51 , denies the murder of his wife , who died in hospital two days after the high-speed crash . A jury of nine women and three men was told yesterday that Walters , of Swindon , was returning home with his wife from a ` make-or-break ' week away in North Yorkshire which ended in an argument . Giving evidence to the second day of Walters ' trial , several witnesses described how passing motorists went to aid the couple , both trapped in the wreckage of the 4x4 . The first witness , Robin Goss , told jurors the driver of the pick-up appeared to have made a ` conscious , deliberate ' decision to steer towards the hard shoulder . Mr Goss , a 39-year-old training consultant from Buckinghamshire , told jurors he was up to 150 metres behind the L200 , doing around 70mph in the inside lane . ` Everything was normal , ' Mr Goss told the court . ` Then all of a sudden I saw this car just swerve violently across to the left . ` It completely disappeared and I remember looking into the hard shoulder . Then I saw what looked like a little explosion . ` Bits of tree and bits of plastic came out in front of me . When I saw the dogs , I started to put together what had happened . ' Child protection worker Gary Donald , who was driving a Kia Picanto on the southbound carriageway , also gave evidence to the court about the crash on March 21 last year . He told jurors he saw the pick-up veer sharply from right to left - performing ` almost a straight turn ' - and move towards a line of trees . The couple , who were said to have had a ` troubled ' relationship , had married in Cyprus in 2012 but their relationship is alleged to have become abusive soon afterwards , jurors heard . ` The canopy of all the trees shook - I would use the word ` imploded ' - and there was luggage , bits of car , and parts of tree flying into the air , ' Mr Donald said . Under questioning from defence QC Christopher Millington , Mr Donald agreed that time-lapse CCTV footage of the L200 showed a ` rather less dramatic ' veer than he had described to the court . Witness Steven Prince , a passenger in a Range Rover which stopped at the scene , told how he attempted to reassure Mrs Walters before she was cut free . Giving his recollection on the aftermath of the crash , Mr Prince told the jury panel he did not witness the moment of impact but had seen a cloud of dust . ` I looked left and I saw two dogs out where they should n't be and I saw the car that was already in the tree . ' After the crash , the metalwork of the vehicle had to be ` unpeeled ' from around Mrs Walters by emergency crews , the court was told . The Mitsubishi L200 veered onto an embankment near junction 22 of the southbound carriageway in March last year . Pictured : Emergency services at the scene of the crash . Prosecutors allege that Walters , a driving test examiner , deliberately steered his Mitsubishi L200 off the motorway after his wife said she wanted a divorce and made allegations of domestic abuse . After getting out of his mother 's car , Mr Prince said , he ran along the hard shoulder towards the crashed vehicle . ` The car was a hell of a mess , ' Mr Prince added . ` I did n't bother looking at the driver 's side because I thought whoever was in there was going to be squashed . ' The court heard that the witness then made his way to the passenger side of the vehicle , where he saw a hand sticking out of the wreckage . He said : ` She said she was dying . I told her she would be alright and that I was n't going anywhere , just to calm her down and make her feel at ease as much as I could . ' Prosecutor Charles Miskin QC asked Mr Prince if Mrs Walters , who was aged 48 , had said anything else . ` No , other than that she could n't breathe , ' Mr Prince replied . ` She kept on telling me that and she kept on saying that she was dying . ' The trial , which may last for up to a month , was adjourned until next week . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .