Irina Shayk 's latest job involves posing in a swimsuit and shades while being filmed writhing around a pool with a hunky male model . Tough gig . The Russian supermodel , 29 , split from her partner of five years , footballer Christiano Ronaldo , in January , saying she felt ` ugly standing next to the wrong man ' . But she looks anything but in the steamy new video and campaign for Linda Farrow eyewear . Scroll down for video . Linda Farrow eyewear 's Spring Summer 15 campaign shows Irina get close to Jarrod Scott . The video follows the couple cavorting around an LA pool in the sunshine , wearing the latest SS15 styles . The behind-the-scenes film shows stunning Irina slowly emerging from the glistening water wearing a pair of Linda Farrow specs , and not much else . She has teamed the retro-inspired sunglasses collection with a plunging metallic swimsuit which shows off her fabulous figure to perfection . Her stylish male companion , model Jarrod Scott , smiles and observes her from a distance . Jarrod then jumps in the pool himself and gives the camera his best Blue Steel look as he slicks back his hair . Irina , meanwhile , watches him lustfully from over her shoulder , in a new pair of specs . The stunning model , 29 , is seen slowly emerging from the glistening water . Irina and Jarrod are filmed in a cosy embrace on several occasions . Linda Farrow round frame gold plated sunglasses . Buy at Net-a-Porter now ! Visit site . With summer on its way we 're already planning our holiday wardrobes . But as well as our bikinis , floaty dresses , sandals and sun cream we need to update our sunglasses . There 's no point looking fly if our shades are so last season . So let 's take inspiration from this rather fabulous campaign for Linda Farrow eyewear . Irina Shayk looks incredible in a selection of styles by this high end accessories designer and if you 're feeling flush then this is the name to invest in . In fact , if your summer look is all about glamour then Irina 's gold plated pair is the ideal option . Click to buy them now at Net-a-Porter -LRB- right -RRB- and watch how they transform any outfit . $ 1105 is a lot of money to spend on sunnies , we do get it , but these will last year after year so are worth every penny . If you 're not willing to part with that much cash then how about one of our less expensive versions below ? Topshop , Sole Society , OXYDO and Karen Walker will all help you get the look for less . Topshop gold round frame sunglasses . Visit site . Sole Society Heather Frosted Round Sunglasses . Visit site . OXYDO 50 mm Round Metal Accent Sunglasses at Nordstrom . Visit site . Karen Walker gold round frame sunglasses at Farfetch . Visit site . Later , the pair are filmed in an embrace on a sun lounger , as Jarrod lies on her chest and looks up at her face . In another clip from the steamy video he nuzzles into Irina 's neck , before taking a close , lingering look at his own reflection whilst wearing a pair of oversized metallic aviators . Jarrod gives the camera his best Blue Steel look as he slicks back his hair . Later , the model takes a close , lingering look at his own reflection . Linda Farrow 's SS15 campaign is titled Wanderlust , and was shot in Los Angeles by Mariano Vivanco . The new collection claims to ` deliver an extended palette to compliment the accenting details of the frames . ' Colours range from neutrals to frosted shades of pastels , but the standout styles are the shiny metallic and liquid gold styles . In the behind-the-scenes clip we 're treated to footage of the very sexy shoot . Irina 's incredible figure is made the focus in a number of plunging swimsuits . Newly-single Irina looks on top form dressed in skimpy swimwear and little else . The shoot , styled by Simon Robins , sees Irina sport a selection of large mirrored frames . The 29-year-old teams her shades with a collection of plunging metallic swimsuits . One of the star 's costumes includes a bronze swimsuit complete with low-cut neckline and halterneck design . Irina Shayk attends Vanity Fair 's 2015 Tribeca Film Festival party in NYC on Wednesday .