A boldfaced student at Mississippi State , who refused to go hungry during his college lecture , brought a George Foreman grill to class and proceeded to cook bacon for his sandwich - while sitting in the front row of his class . Roman Ehrhardt became an internet sensation after one of his classmates shared a hilarious photo of him grilling his lunch in class - however according to a Buzzfeed Community posting , the senior communications major was actually completing project , in which had to violate a societal norm . But that did n't stop his unknowing peers from relishing in his outrageous act . ` y ' all this guy is making a sandwich with a George Foreman in class . #hailstate -LSB- sic -RSB- , ' Britt Reynolds tweeted on Monday while sharing a photo of Roman grilling his food . Hilarious stunt : Britt Reynolds shared this photo of her classmate Roman Ehrhardt grilling bacon on a George Foreman during class on Monday . Classroom experiment : Roman -LRB- pictured -RRB- was secretly completing a project , in which he had to violate a societal norm . The candid snapshot has been retweeted nearly 1,000 times since it was posted , with many commenting on how Roman is their hero . While one Twitter user called him a ` future leader ' , another applauded him for his ` progressive thinking ' . And one student branded Roman the real life Jeff Spicoli , a character who battled his uptight history teacher Mr Hand by having pizza delivered to his classroom in the in the classic 1982 film Fast Times at Ridgemont High . ' @brittkelso that dude is Jeff Spicoli X 10 . Too bad Mr. Hand was not instructing -LSB- sic -RSB- , ' he joked . Money 's worth : The college senior shared this photo after he used the grill at his lecture , tweeting : ` The George Foreman that started it all ' American icon : The snapshot has been retweeted nearly 1,000 times since it was posted , with many people calling Roman a ` hero ' for his brazen actions . Britt continued to live tweet the moment , writing : ` The whole room smells like bacon now and I could n't be more happy -LSB- sic -RSB- . ' Although Megan Pickle tweeted her to ask if Roman was making food for a ` speech or presentation ' , Britt told it was ` neither ' . ` I 've never even met him and I could n't be more proud to be his classmate , ' Britt added . Meanwhile , another student joked about the professor 's reaction , commenting : ` I bet John Nicholson had a field day with that ' , with Britt adding that her teacher 's ` balding head was smiling from ear to ear the whole time ' . But that 's because he was in on the joke . No manners : Karen Howell tweeted that Roman was being ` inappropriate ' - which was actually the point . Great idea : Patrick Netherton lauded Roman for his ingenuity . Get it right : David Covuccu commented that Roman was actually making a pannini - not a sandwich . A week before , Roman asked Dr Nicholson , his introduction to communication theory professor , if he could pull the stunt in class after a friend suggested that he go all out for his project . Not only did the teacher agree , he helped Roman with the small details . Two days after his project was competed , Roman took to Twitter to share a link to the ` real story ' , which was posted on Buzzfeed . And although he is n't quite the bold hero his fellow classmates made him out to be , he seems to be enjoying his newfound celebrity status . Roman has changed his Twitter bio so that it now reads : ` Here for the Love who saved me . Be it through music and people ! And I 'm the George Foreman Guy . #Unashamed #free -LSB- sic -RSB- . ' This Twitter user compared Roman to Jeff Spicoli , a character who waged war with his high school history teacher in the 1982 film Fast Times at Ridgemont High . Movie inspiration : Jeff Spicoli -LRB- Sean Penn -RRB- had pizza delivered to his history class -LRB- pictured -RRB- in the classic film . Roman chose a George Foreman grill like this one to complete his project . The grill systems range from $ 29 to $ 130 depending on the size and model .