It 's truly squeaky bum time in the Premier League relegation battle as just nine points separates the bottom seven teams . Sportsmail asks some of the managers in and among the dog fight what they feel is required for them to avoid the drop this season . Question : ` What will it take for your club to stay in the Premier League ? ' CHRIS RAMSEY -LRB- QPR -RRB- . ` If we win three games I think we will stay up . It might take less . I 'm not saying that 's the definitive amount - but we really need to start winning , starting with this weekend . To do that , we need to concentrate right to the end and make sure that our performances stay similar with a bit more defensive resilience . ' QPR manager Chris Ramsey -LRB- centre -RRB- feels they will avoid relegation if they win three more league games . TIM SHERWOOD -LRB- Aston Villa -RRB- . ` I do n't know how many points it will take . We 've done alright . Nothing 's been achieved yet . I 'm a new voice and given them a lot of belief and confidence that they are better than what they were showing . They have managed to score a few more goals and have real belief they can go to places and win . Something was probably a little bit missing previously . I want to make sure that I do n't take my foot off pedal . I 'll make sure the players do n't . ' Tim Sherwood -LRB- left -RRB- believes his appointment at Aston Villa has given them a lot of belief and confidence . NIGEL PEARSON -LRB- Leicester -RRB- . ` We 've put ourselves in a position now where we have a more realistic chance . That 's where we are . If it raises optimism elsewhere , fine . If it applies a bit more pressure on other sides around us , fine also . But as far as I 'm concerned it 's about making sure we 're back to business when we play Burnley . Because it 's a really big game for both sides . We 've got players in decent form . We want to keep the work ethic that we 've shown all season . ' Leicester City manager Nigel Pearson -LRB- right -RRB- hopes his side can continue their momentum against Burnley . SEAN DYCHE -LRB- Burnley -RRB- . ` The biggest psychological difference is that others are talking about relegation . Our fuel is about staying in the Premier League . It 's a slightly different twist . ` Others are scared of relegation . We 're not scared of relegation because we were told by everyone we were going to get relegated . We are actually looking for the goal of being in the Premier League . ' Sean Dyche insists his side are n't scared of relegation as a lot of people have written Burnley off in the past .