They 're two of the UKs best loved celebrities so it 's little wonder than David Beckham and Holly Willoughby have been voted the stars we 'd most like to have as our parents . In a new survey by Ripley 's Believe It or Not ! David , the former England Captain , OBE and Goodwill Ambassador for UNICEF has been voted to be the number one celebrity figure Brits would love to have as a dad . Whilst This Morning host and Celebrity Juice panellist , Holly , 34 , has all the qualities of the perfect mother figure . Unfortunately for Katie Hopkins , she came bottom of the list . A new survey by Ripley 's Believe It Or Not has shown who we would most like to be in our dream celebrity family . David Beckham was voted number one choice for Dad . Perhaps surprisingly , second choice mum and dad turned out to be Sharon and Ozzy Osborne according to the study . The study also found the perfect family would have two sisters and two brothers making it a large family . And the celebrities most Brits would like to have as their siblings are Adele and the Barbadian beauty , Rhianna . Both well known for their singing abilities and their popular music they 've both been found to be the best people to have as sisters . Holly Willoughby was voted the person that we would most like to have as our mother . Acerbic TV personality Katie Hopkins was voted as the person we would least like to have as our celebrity mother . As for brothers , ` A Team ' and ` Sing ' singer and songwriter Ed Sheeran has been picked for the top spots . White House Down and Jump Street star Channing Tatum is also a personality Brits wants to have as their brother . Ed Sheeran and Channing Tatum have been voted as the men we would most like to have as our brothers . Rhianna was voted as one of the top choices for celebrity sister . The singer Adele was also voted as one of our favourites to be a celebrity sibling . A new survey , which was conducted by Ripley 's Believe It or Not ! has revealed the celebrities we would most like to have as our family members . Here are the results ... Celebrity Dad : . 1 . David Beckham . 2 . Ozzy Osbourne . 3 . Jonathan Ross . Celebrity Mum : . 1 . Holly Willoughby . 2 . Sharon Osbourne . 3 . Nicole Kidman . Celebrity Brother : . 1 . Ed Sheeran . 2 . Channing Tatum . 3 . Seth Rogan . Celebrity Sister : . 1 . Adele . 2 . Rhianna . 3 . Paloma Faith . Celebrity Aunt : . 1 . Helena Bonham Carter . 2 . Jennifer Saunders . 3 . Davina McCall . Celebrity Uncle : . 1 . David Walliams . 2 . Elton John . 3 . Bear Grylls . But the perfect family extends further than the immediate members of mum dad and siblings , it also includes aunty , uncle and even grandmother . English Actress Helena Bonham Carter has been named as the perfect celebrity aunt with her unconventional and eccentric sense of fashion and string of films under her belt . And as for the uncle , that role has been given to Britain 's Got Talent judge and Little Britain star , David Walliams -- an interesting character to have round for Christmas dinner . Other celebs considered to be great for the role of aunty and uncle were said to be Jennifer Saunders and Elton John . The survey also revealed what talents produce the family members and despite Becks being the best dad , TV presenters are the best for parent figures . Pop stars are the best sister figures while movie actors have the ideal qualities to be brothers and Grandparents are also made up of people with successful film careers behind them . Although results show most people would love an A-List family , most people did state that the most important value to find in a parental figure was trust and kindness over being rich and good-looking . Natascha Crump , General Manager for Ripley 's Believe it or Not ! London which commissioned the study , said : ` As a popular family visitor attraction , it 's interesting to see who people think would make up the perfect family . ` David Beckham has a lot of qualities that lead him to being a great role model for children , so it 's not surprising Brits see him as the perfect father figure . ` We love quirky and unusual characters it was great to see Ozzy Osborne on the list and I 'm sure he 'd be interesting person to have around the house ! ` Holly Willoughby is also a good choice for a mum , she 's got a caring personality and three children of her own . ` But we can also see why Sharon Osborne has the potential to be a fun mum to have around with her larger than life personality . ' Helena Bonham Carter was choosen as the top choice as our celebrity aunt whilst David Walliams was voted the person we 'd most like to have as our uncle .