There was more drama than expected at a thespian awards ceremony this week , as an honoree slipped off the stage and nearly crushed musicians in the orchestra pit . Harrison Poe was announced as best supporting actor at the annual Tommy Tune Awards on Tuesday in Houston , Texas , but the high school student had a little difficulty navigating the stage . TV cameras caught him confidently getting up to accept the accolade before slipping and falling headfirst into the darkness . According to KTRK News , which was filming the event , Poe fell into a net covering the orchestra pit and luckily no one was hurt below . Scroll down for video . Caught on camera : There was more drama than expected at a thespian awards ceremony this week , as an awardee slipped off the stage and nearly crushed musicians in the orchestra pit . Going , going , gone : Harrison Poe was announced as best supporting actor at the annual Tommy Tune Awards on Tuesday in Houston , Texas , but the high school student had a little difficulty navigating the stage . The young bow tie-wearing actor went on to make a swift recovery and bounced back to the podium . However , he appeared to be a little shaken up from his fall as he proceeded to give his acceptance speech . ` Thank you ! At least I 'm alive , ' Poe chuckled , while the packed auditorium continued to cheer . Red-faced : The young bow tie-wearing actor went on to make a swift recovery and bounced back to the podium - ` thank you ! At least I 'm alive , ' Poe chuckled . ` He 's just practicing to be Jennifer Lawrence one day , you know - tripping off the Oscar stage , ' a news anchor later said of Poe 's faux pas . Ironically , Poe was recognized for playing Paul in his school 's production of A Chorus Line . In the musical , Paul falls and suffers a knee injury during a tap dancing audition and is carried off to hospital . Luckily , Poe did not require medical treatment this time around . The 13th Annual Tommy Tune Awards will air on ABC-13 on Sunday , June 21 at 12 pm .