Two Air India pilots have been removed from duty after they reportedly got into a fight inside the cockpit of a plane shortly before it was scheduled to take off . The altercation involving the captain and co-pilot erupted while the plane was being prepared for a 50-minute journey from Delhi to Jaipur last night . Both pilots have been derostered after the captain of flight AI611 complained that the co-pilot had misbehaved and struck him , the Times of India reported . An Air India captain claims a co-pilot misbehaved and struck him during an altercation in the cockpit -LRB- file -RRB- . An Air India spokesman told the newspaper : ` Both the pilots have been derostered . An inquiry has been ordered into this . ' The airline insists the altercation was limited to a verbal argument , and there was no physical violence . The Times of India , quoting a source , reported that the captain was assaulted after he asked the co-pilot to record ` critical take-off figures ' for the flight , including the number of passengers on board , take-off weight and fuel . Instead of immediately reporting the incident in Delhi , which would have led to the cancellation of the flight , the captain flew the plane to Jaipur and then informed Air India staff . Indian aviation officials have launched an investigation into the incident to determine whether any of the parties involved should be disciplined . Reports suggest that the captain was assaulted after asking the co-pilot to record information before take-off . A report by the Times of India said that the co-pilot has faced similar accusations in the past . Three years ago he told the captain of a flight to exit the cockpit , ` remove the stars on his shirt collar ' and fight him , while a complaint filed two years ago from another captain questioned the co-pilot 's mental health and claimed he was ` rude and unbecoming ' . Last night 's incident comes at a sensitive time for the commercial aviation industry following the tragedy involving Germanwings flight 4U9525 . Investigators believe 27-year-old co-pilot Andreas Lubitz deliberately crashed the plane into the French Alps -- killing everyone on board -- after locking the captain out of the cockpit on a flight from Barcelona to Dusseldorf . German newspaper Bild reported that Lubitz searched the internet for information on suicide and depression using the name ` Skydevil ' .