Everyone loves a bargain , even in the mega-rich territory of the Barclays Premier League . Where else to look for a steal than in the bargain basement ? That is where clubs at the top level can look down at the Championship and below to take their pick of the players trying to impress . Yet it can be a case of hit and miss . Here , Sportsmail looks at examples of players who have represented the lower leagues well in the Premier League , and others who can do so too . Aaron Cresswell -LRB- Ipswich Town to West Ham in July 2014 -- £ 2million -RRB- . The full-back is one of just five outfield players to play every minute of his team 's Premier League games this season . Cresswell began at Tranmere Rovers , making his debut in November 2008 . From there , he moved to Ipswich in June 2011 , apparently turning down West Bromwich Albion and Doncaster Rovers . He won the Supporters Player of the Year award , and was linked with Aston Villa . Yet it was West Ham who signed the left-back on a five-year contract , spending just £ 2m in doing so . Cresswell has made 32 appearances in the Premier League since , and his impressive performances have reportedly caught the eye of Manchester City and Chelsea . Both clubs need to add more home-grown talent to their squads , and the West Ham regular would add to that batch . Aaron Cresswell has proved a good fit for the Premier League since signing for West Ham in July 2014 . John Stones -LRB- Barnsley to Everton in January 2013 - £ 3m -RRB- . Stones has the best passing accuracy of any Everton player this season - 90.8 % . A Barnsley youth product , Stones made 25 appearances in the Championship for the club , before leaving for Everton on a five-and-a-half-year deal . It reportedly cost them £ 3m , and he has made 38 appearances in the Premier League since . Despite an ankle injury which ruled him out for 10-14 weeks , Stones was nominated for the Golden Boy 2014 award alongside Gerard Deulofeu , Calum Chambers , Raheem Sterling and Luke Shaw . During his time in the top flight , he has earned four caps for England . Another potential star . John Stones signed for Everton from Barnsley in January 2013 for just £ 3m and has been a good addition . Andrew Robertson -LRB- Dundee United to Hull City in July 2014 - £ 2.85 m -RRB- . Robertson has made 40 dribbles this year , 17 more than any other Hull defender . No disrespect to Dundee United or the Scottish Premiership , but it is widely assumed that the Premier League is somewhat of a step up . Some make it , some do n't . Robertson can class himself in the former category . The Hull youngster has thrived since moving to the KC Stadium in July 2014 , and even scored against England for Scotland four months later . Steve Bruce , the Hull manager , admits he has already had calls from clubs interested in the Glasgow-born left-back , who has made 21 appearances in the Premier League . Andrew Robertson joined Hull from Dundee in July 2014 and is pictured a month after signing . Leonardo Ulloa -LRB- Brighton to Leicester City in July 2014 - £ 8m -RRB- . The striker is the Foxes ' top scorer in the league this season -LRB- 7 -RRB- while no other Leicester player has had a hand in more goals -LRB- scored seven , assisted two -RRB- . Ulloa did n't come cheap . Yet just because a player costs a handsome fee does not guarantee he will be cut out for the Premier League . The Argentinian with no caps cost £ 8m and had plenty to prove as he told former club Brighton he felt he had to leave to try his luck in the Premier League . It proved a shrewd move at first . The goals may have dried up a little but the striker has performed admirably in his debut season in the top flight . Nine goals in total as the club 's top scorer . Yet with Leicester bottom of the table , Ulloa has a task on his hands to help them survive , otherwise he may well be rendered a Championship player once more come May . Leonardo Ulloa did n't come cheap for Leicester and must help them survive to avoid dropping down a league . Dwight Gayle -LRB- Peterborough to Crystal Palace in July 2013 - £ 4.5 m -RRB- . After netting five in his first 15 Premier League appearances , Gayle has now gone eight games without a goal for Palace . Gayle really had to rise through the ranks to join the Premier League . He started at Stansted , currently a club that play in the ninth level on the footballing pyramid . From there , he joined Dagenham & Redbridge , before being sent on loan to Conference North side Bishop 's Stortford . Yet it was during a loan spell with Peterborough that he truly got his chance . Playing in the Championship helped him progress and he signed for Crystal Palace in 2013 . He has made 46 appearances in the Premier League , scoring 12 goals , and is a regular . Dwight Gayle really had to rise through the ranks to join the Premier League with Crystal Palace . Nathaniel Clyne -LRB- Crystal Palace to Southampton in July 2012 - £ 2.15 m -RRB- . The England man has made 99 tackles , the third-highest total in the Premier League this season and the most by a defender . Clyne was a Crystal Palace youth product , and made his professional debut in October 2008 . Later , Neil Warnock would state Clyne has a ` bright future in the game ' , and he was n't wrong . After four years at Selhurst Park in the Championship , winning the Player of the Year award in his final season , Clyne moved to Southampton for £ 2.15 m. It 's proved a bargain . The right-back is a regular at St Mary 's , and even made his debut for England in October 2014 . All this has led the 24-year-old to be linked with Chelsea and Manchester United . The rise continues . Nathaniel Clyne was a Crystal Palace youth product but signed for Southampton after their promotion . Dele Alli -LRB- MK Dons to Tottenham Hotspur in February 2015 - £ 5m -- to join next season -RRB- . Alli has netted 14 goals for the MK Dons this season , more than any other midfielder for a single club . Bit of a cheat this one . Alli meets the criteria , having never played in the top flight before and signing for a Premier League club , yet he awaits his debut for Tottenham . The midfielder signed for £ 5m from MK Dons , but was sent back on loan for the remainder of the season . Will he follow in the footsteps of Cresswell , Clyne , and so on ? Time will tell . Dele Alli signed for Tottenham Hotspur from MK Dons for £ 5m before being sent back on loan . So , who could be next to move up to the Premier League ? Matt Ritchie -LRB- Bournemouth -RRB- . Position : Winger . Age : 25 . League appearances : 40 . Goals : 11 . Though left-footed , Ritchie operates on the right and his energy and eye for a goal sum up Eddie Howe 's attacking side . A product of Portsmouth 's academy , he never got a look-in at Fratton Park and has risen through the lower leagues and now looks destined for the top flight . Bournemouth winger Matt Ritchie celebrates as Bournemouth beat Birmingham on Easter Monday . Benik Afobe -LRB- Wolves -RRB- . Position : Striker . Age : 22 . League appearances : 27 . Goals : 22 . What else can you say but Afobe has more goals than a certain Harry Kane this season ? The former Arsenal striker is surely on a shortlist or two for Premier League clubs . He scored his 30th goal of the season against Birmingham City on Saturday . Time to step up ? Benik Afobe has been in prolific form this season first for MK Dons on loan then for Wolves . Demarai Gray -LRB- Birmingham -RRB- . Position : Attacking midfielder . Age : 18 . League appearances : 24 . Goals : 5 . Just 18 years old , Gray burst into the Birmingham team in 2013 . In doing so he has began to be called up for England 's youth sides , making three appearances for the Under 18s and four for the Under 19s . Birmingham had to reject four bids from Bournemouth who were keen to sign the starlet , even offering £ 3.5 m which could rise to £ 4m with add-ons . Can they hold on to him for much longer , though ? Demarai Gray is wanted by a host of clubs but Birmingham are determined to try to keep hold for now . Bradley Johnson -LRB- Norwich -RRB- . Position : Midfielder . Age : 27 . League appearances : 37 . Goals : 13 . Norwich did well to hang on to Johnson after being relegated last summer and if they do n't make an immediate return he will surely still be back in the Premier League , where he proved a reliable performer for the three seasons prior to this . A powerful , deep-lying midfielder with a solid all-round game , the ex-Leeds man has added goals to his repertoire this season , scoring more in 38 games than he had in his previous four seasons . Experienced midfielder Bradley Johnson has been in prolific form in front of goal this season . Troy Deeney -LRB- Watford -RRB- . Position : Striker . Age : 26 . League appearances : 33 . Goals : 20 . Deeney has plundered 63 goals in the Championship in the past three seasons and with his 27th birthday approaching in the summer he surely has to be playing in the Premier League next season . A product of Walsall 's academy , Deeney served three months in prison for affray in 2012 and has impressively rebuilt his career and life since . Troy Deeney has been consistently excellent for Watford over the last three seasons . Will Hughes -LRB- Derby County -RRB- . Position : Midfielder . Age : 19 . League appearances : 34 . Goals : 2 . Not 20 until later this month , Hughes will be a name familiar with many of our readers given his exploits for Gareth Southgate 's England Under 21 side , for whom he has 14 caps . Making his debut as a 17-year-old , the elegant left-footed midfielder has already played more than 130 times for Derby and has no shortage of admirers among the Premier League 's elite . Derby midfielder Will Hughes has plenty of experience despite still being a teenager . Bakary Sako -LRB- Wolves -RRB- . Position : Winger . Age : 26 . League appearances : 35 . Goals : 13 . When Sako moved to Wolves for £ 4m from St Etienne he would have had hopes of playing in the Premier League before too long . Instead , he found himself in League One a year later . To his credit though , he stayed and spearheaded Wolves ' romp to the League One title last year and has been the key man in their bid to make it back-to-back promotions . His contract is up this summer and a new one will only be signed if Wolves achieve that . Bakary Sako -LRB- centre -RRB- has become a cult hero at Molineux but looks certain to leave if Wolves do n't go up .