They live in one of the remotest places on earth which means visitors , let alone royal ones , do n't come along very often . Yesterday , though , locals living in the tiny township of Wuggubun in Western Australia got the surprise of their lives when Prince Harry turned up unannounced . The prince , who begun a month-long secondment to the Australian Defence Force on Monday , took an hour-long break at the village during a training exercise with a Norforce unit . Scroll down for video . Striking a pose : Prince Harry poses with members of the local community , including Mr Trust . ` He just rocked up , ' said delighted Barry Trust , a resident of the tiny township which sits 600 miles away from the nearest city - Darwin . Mr Trust , who was speaking to ABC News , described the royal visitor as ` a real delightful chap ' and revealed that Harry is enjoying the Outback so much , he 's contemplating a move there . ` We 've invited him back again some time , ' said Mr Trust . ` He 'd love to - he said he 'd love to live out this way , to get away from the media . ` It was pretty exciting - especially for the kids . ' Warm welcome : Prince Harry arrived in Australia on Monday for his month-long secondment . Agreed ! He struck a pose next to a Redheads Rule sign but refused to pose for a selfie . Prince Harry has been in Australia since Monday and spent his first day paying his respects at the tomb of the Unknown Soldier in Canberra before reporting for duty . He also found time to meet some of the locals and hit the headlines when he revealed his true feelings about selfie photos . ` Selfies are bad , ' he said , when asked to strike a pose by a teenage fan . He added : ` I know you 're young but just take a normal photograph . ' The prince is scheduled to spend the next month in Australia and , once he comes to the end of his time with Norforce , will spend the rest of the month stationed in Sydney and Perth . Captain Wales , as he is known in the Army , will take part in urban training exercises and joint fire exercises among other activities . Saying hello : Harry 's winning ways have endeared him to Australian locals from the start . All smiles : His first act upon arriving in Australia was to visit the tomb of the Unknown Soldier . Clown Prince ! He was happy to pull funny faces for the amusement of one little girl while meeting wellwishers . He will also briefly travel back to Europe for a visit to Turkey alongside the Prince of Wales later this month where he will take part in a memorial service for the men who fought and died at Gallipoli . The World War I battle , which pitted British forces against the Ottoman Empire , claimed the lives of 34,000 British soldiers , 8,700 Australians and 2,721 New Zealanders . Harry has served with the Australian Armed Forces in the past , most notably during his two tours of Afghanistan . ` He met -LSB- Australian troops -RSB- during the Invictus Games and even trekked to the South Pole with a couple of Australian soldiers , ' said an aide . ` Those experiences reinforced the huge admiration and respect he already had for Australian servicemen and women and has stoked his enthusiasm even more to build on those relationships in the next four weeks . ` He knows he will learn a huge amount from his Australian colleagues during this attachment and he is grateful to the ADF for producing such a varied and interesting programme for him . ` He is also looking forward to learning how wounded , injured and ill servicemen and women are supported here in Australia and hopes to pass on some of his experience from his current role in the UK . ` Prince Harry has been to Australia twice before , so he knows he is in for a great experience . He particularly appreciates the opportunity to pay his respects to the fallen and fully appreciates the significance of commemoration in this centenary year of the Gallipoli campaign . '