No footballer has ever been late for kick-off because he was tied up negotiating a new contract . So , from the start , Raheem Sterling 's explanation for the end of his conversations with Liverpool did not stand up . It is n't the talks that are the distraction . It is the thinking . No player is sat in an office haggling over image rights , only to check his watch at 3.30 pm and bolt out of the door . A player may feel uncertainty about his future . His brain may whirl over where he will play next season . Liverpool ? Arsenal ? Abroad ? Yet postponing the process to the end of the season does n't solve that issue . If anything , it makes it worse . If Sterling wanted to stop thinking right now , he could sign his new deal or tell Liverpool to come back in a year . He has , after all , got more than two seasons left on his existing arrangement . Raheem Sterling has turned down a new deal with Liverpool and put off contract talks until the summer . Sterling -LRB- right -RRB- has confirmed that he rejected an offer of £ 100,000-a-week to stay at Liverpool . The 20-year-old gave an interview to the BBC on Wednesday giving his reasons for his decision . So all Sterling did , the day his advisers ended negotiations until May at the earliest , was complicate his affairs . It is not as if he will be able to forget about the decision in the coming weeks , particularly as his stance appears to have damaged his relationship with Liverpool 's supporters . Without doubt , they were dissatisfied with his attitude even before this week 's ill-conceived BBC interview . As Liverpool 's hopes of a Champions League place next season became increasingly remote with the home defeat against Manchester United , Sterling bore the brunt of the dissent . In truth , his performance was little worse than any of his team-mates that day - but he is the one who is seen as disloyal , as rejecting at the first opportunity the club and manager that have best developed his game . Liverpool and Brendan Rodgers have done well by Sterling . They made him a key player in last season 's title near miss , got him to the World Cup . He owes them a little more respect than has been displayed in recent weeks . He owes them enough to know it is downright rude to talk of being flattered by Arsenal just days before the teams meet . Liverpool are entitled to think it is equally flattering for a club of its stature to offer a salary worth more than £ 5million annually . Apparently not . Sterling -LRB- left -RRB- shakes hands with Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers during training on Thursday . Sterling has played in various positions this season under Rodgers - including as a striker and at wing back . Among the reasons advanced for Sterling 's coldness towards a long-term commitment at Liverpool has been Rodgers 's recent decision to play him at right wing back . This has been a result of injuries and suspensions , rather than a long-term strategy - but it does raise wider questions regarding the mindset of English players , and why many might find their pathway blocked . Would a young player brought up through Ajax 's system , for instance , be so affronted by this temporary change ? Why is it the English in particular that see football in straight lines ? Sterling has played as a centre forward , a No 10 , a wide midfielder and now a wing back . Is n't this the versatility that we envy in the best foreign teams ? Is n't this an education ? Why is it that England produces pigeon-holed full backs or midfielders , and not footballers ? Should n't a player - certainly one who wishes to command in excess of £ 100,000 a week - be able to fill in anywhere ? Indeed , should n't he welcome that endorsement from his manager ? Arsenal progressed to the 2006 Champions League final at a time when Ashley Cole was injured . In his place through the knockout stages , home and away against Real Madrid , Juventus and Villarreal , was the 22-year-old French midfielder Mathieu Flamini . He had n't played full back in his entire professional career , he said . But he never complained , and Arsenal did n't concede in any of his six matches . Midfielder Mathieu Flamini -LRB- right -RRB- was used a full back in Arsenal 's run to the 2006 Champions League final . Flamini is n't a creative in Sterling 's mould - but then right wing back is n't the same as left back , either . Sterling is still operating as a winger when Liverpool attack . Flamini , a central midfielder , was used strictly as a defender . It was n't as if Arsene Wenger was gung-ho in those games : three ended goalless , two in 1-0 victories . Flamini performed with exceptional discipline . One imagines that midfielder Emre Can did n't sign for Liverpool expecting to be part of a back three . Rodgers first used him as a defender this season against Burnley in December , and he has remained there ever since . Can is German , though , the product of a more intellectually vibrant football culture . World Cup-winning captain Philipp Lahm eagerly switched between holding midfield and full back . Midfield lynchpin Bastian Schweinsteiger began his career as a right winger , while Thomas Muller can play centre forward , support striker , attacking midfielder and winger . Every player will have a favourite position but in England these desires become entrenched . Even the most gifted , such as Steven Gerrard , never seemed entirely at ease with his versatility . Maybe Sterling should spend his time thinking less about his contract and more about the type of footballer he wishes to be ; maybe about the type of footballer who can demand more than £ 100,000 a week . Because that player goes wherever his team needs him -- and that makes him worth the coin . Sterling 's Liverpool team-mate Emre Can -LRB- centre -RRB- has been used mainly in defence , despite being a midfielder .