Tragic : Joshua Vaughan , 17 , died in January this year when he was struck by a train . A teenage boy who had been having relationship problems with his ` on-off ' girlfriend , died when he was struck by a train just minutes after he spoke to his mother on the phone , an inquest heard . Joshua Vaughan , 17 , was last seen standing on a platform at Chapeltown , Sheffield , on January 7 , an inquest heard . Shortly before his death , his girlfriend had sent his mother a message on Facebook , saying the teen was on a platform and that ` he was going to end it ' . His mother Stacey Vaughan told the inquest how she had immediately phoned Joshua , an apprentice at an insurance firm , and found that he was crying . Mrs Vaughan said she had told her son to come home , and that she would come and fetch him at the station . Mrs Vaughan called the police , but by the time she got to the station , Joshua 's body had already been found on the line , the inquest heard . Before his death , Joshua had been suffering relationship problems with his girlfriend , who was a few years younger , and his family had expressed concerns about the relationship . ` I was quite worried about Josh having to deal with this as he was just starting off in his working life , ' she said . Her son had recently sought medical treatment after he seemed ` unhappy and was n't eating as normal . ' He said he did n't know why he was unhappy but his GP said ` they were due to relationship problems . ' Mrs Vaughan said : ` The doctor was under the impression he did n't want to be in a relationship any more . She thought he was too young to go on medication and his problems were relationship related . ' She said the couple broke up ` now and again ' and her son had told her he had finished with the girl and had not been in contact with her . Mrs Vaughan said she had received a phone call from Joshua 's superior a week before Christmas , where he said he had found the 17-year-old crying with marks on his wrists , and that Joshua had told him he ` did it to himself ' . The teenager 's parents decided to seek professional help but Joshua said he was not keen on going to the doctor 's and after a ` fantastic ' family Christmas he said he was thinking about patching it up with the girl . On the evening of the tragedy he went out with a male friend and seemed in a good mood . When she got to the station she said : ` I was stopped by the police . I was in a right state , panicking about what was happening . A female officer came and said a train had struck him . I was shocked and devastated . Everything after that was a blur . ' British Transport Police Det Con Ian Grice said the train drivers saw something on the tracks as he approached the station . Heartbreaking : Minutes before Joshua died , his ` on-off ' girlfriend had sent his mother a message on Facebook , saying the teen was on a platform at Chapeltown station and that ` he was going to end it ' ` The drivers thought it was something obstructing the line . As they got closer they saw it was a person . They applied the emergency brakes straight away . ' Witnesses said the teenager had earlier been seen on the platform looking at oncoming trains and CCTV footage showed him pacing up and down the platform before disappearing off camera . ` All the witnesses said Joshua was a good lad , hard-working and friendly , ' said DC Grice . ` There was nothing the train driver could have done . ' Joshua , of Chapeltown , died from multiple injuries . Toxicology tests showed no evidence of drugs or drink in his system . Assistant Sheffield coroner Louise Slater said she was satisfied he had acted alone but was unsure about his intentions . ` There had been some difficulties and he was struggling with his mood , ' she said . ` At the time he was n't fully able to apprecaite what he was doing . ' She recorded a narrative conclusion : ` Joshua died as a result of injuries he sustained while in collision with a train . At the time when the incident occurred it is unclear whether he fully understood the consequences of his actions . ' She told his parents Stacey and Christopher : ` There is nothing more you could have done on that evening or in the weeks before to prevent that tragedy . ' Joshua played for local football team Chapeltown Juniors and friends later played a match in his memory .