Tory election chiefs have given their candidates a letter-writing kit to target farmers , pensioners and women , leaked documents have revealed . A series of model letters have been drawn up with carefully pre-crafted messages designed to woo voters with just 28 days to go before the May 7 election . Women are told they are ` vital to the success of the British economy ' while pensioners are praised for their ` wealth of experience ' . A series of model letters have been drawn up with carefully pre-crafted messages designed to woo voters with just 28 days to go before the May 7 election . The letter-writing kit was revealed today as David Cameron made a campaign stop at the National Grid Training Centre in Newark . Tory candidates are told to praise teachers as ` the best we have ever had ' and tell farmers that they are ` vital ' the party 's economic plan , according to the leaked letter-writing guide . The letter templates are aimed at what party headquarters describes as ` target groups ' in the electorate . Tory chiefs believe there are seven groups of voters who can be persuaded to change their vote in the run up to the election , including military veterans , pensioners , teachers and parents . The other groups Tory candidates are asked to target are women , young voters and farmers . There are also a number of letters ` written specifically for individual subjects ' , including defence , immigration and Europe . It advises activists : ` People are more likely to respond to a message from you if you write to them on an issue that they are directly interested in . ` This pack aims to provide you with pre-written examples you can use as the basis on which to write to people on issues that they raise . ' The 37-page document , leaked to the Guardian , tells its candidates to tell women : ` Conservatives are committed to ensuring equal opportunities for men and women in all aspects of their lives . ` We are supporting women in work and providing greater financial security by reducing taxes , cutting the cost of childcare , addressing the gender pay gap and introducing shared parental leave . ' Leaked documents reveal Tory election chiefs have given their candidates a letter-writing kit to target farmers , pensioners , women and other target voters - as well as advice on how to respond to questions about certain subjects . The letter templates are aimed at what party headquarters describes as ` target groups ' in the electorate . The pack also says : ` Women are vital to the success of the British economy , and because our long-term economic plan is working , there are now more women in work and more women running their own business than ever before ' . A pensioner who has raised an issue may receive a letter that says : ` Conservatives believe that if you have worked hard , saved , paid your taxes and done the right thing , you deserve dignity and financial security when you retire . ` We want a country where you get something for something , not something for nothing . ' A Tory spokesman refused to comment about the letter-writing guide . But Labour MP Graham Jones said : ` This pack contains thousands of words but , as usual with the Tories , no answers . ` Rather than pumping out propaganda , what they should be doing is providing an explanation for their extreme plans , which would put the NHS at risk , and an answer as to whether they 'll give millionaires yet another tax break . ' Green Party activists have been told to dress in ` mainstream ' fashion while knocking on doors in a bid to win over sceptical voters . A manual for the party 's supporters urges them to appear ` level headed ' and ` agreeable ' -- and even encourages them to compliment people 's homes . The advice , which has been distributed among Green campaigners in London , also provides stock answers to ease voters ' concerns about their radical plans to dismantle the army , legalise drugs and pay everybody £ 72 a week no matter how rich they are . A Green campaigning manual urges activists to dress in ` mainstream ' fashion - unlike the campaigners pictured with the party 's only MP Caroline Lucas at a fracking protest at Balcombe , West Sussex -LRB- above -RRB- . It comes amid growing scrutiny of the Green Party 's manifesto commitments after its membership surged to more than 50,000 , outnumbering the Liberal Democrats and Ukip . But the party 's surge in support was hit by a series of disastrous media appearances from the party 's leader Natalie Bennett in which she struggled to explain her key policies . In February she suffered what she called a ` brain fade ' on LBC Radio when she forgot the details of her party 's key housing policies . Ms Bennett endured another tough interview yesterday - and was forced to defend her proposal to give every adult in Britain a guaranteed weekly income . She admitted the so-called ` citizens income ' -- which critics say would cost £ 280billion -- would take longer than five years to bring in , and could take even longer . Ms Bennett also admitted that another Green pledge -- to dismantle the Armed Forces and use weapons factories to build wind turbines -- was also a ` long-term aspiration ' . The party also supports leaving Nato and abandoning nuclear weapons . The Green manual for volunteers aims to ease voters ' concerns over the party 's radical platform .