The Block 's up market South Yarra apartments are set to go under the hammer later this month with listing agents claiming the lavish apartments are worth between $ 1.3 million and $ 1.5 million . Thousands of fans will finally get the opportunity to see the four trendy Darling Street apartments for themselves when Channel Nine opens the doors to the public over the weekend . Although the show 's producers are remaining tight lipped about the reserve prices , realtors have been running VIP showings since construction wrapped up to give genuine buyers a feel of the renovated homes before the hammer falls on April 28 . Scroll down for video . The trendy South Yarra apartments have been valued between $ 1.3 million and $ 1.5 million by listing agents . After last year 's bitter disappointment Darren and Dea are hoping they 've created a sophisticated apartment that potential buyers will like . The controversial pair made a return for ` Triple Threat ' after winning only $ 10,000 on the ` Glasshouse ' auction day . Jellis Craig agent Andrew McCann is telling potential buyers to expect Darren and Deanne 's chic apartment to sell for around $ 1.5 on auction day , reported Domain . He said the couple 's upmarket wine cellar and generous terrace had parties excited to return for a second look . The controversial pair made a return for ` Triple Threat ' after winning only $ 10,000 on the ` Glasshouse ' auction day . Darren and Deanne blew the judges away with their classy master bedroom . The couple were always praised for their ` simple ' and ` beautiful ' styling which was featured throughout their breathtaking en suite . Although this was Josh and Charlotte 's first crack at the renovation reality show ` The Block ' they have become fan favourites after putting plenty of work into the renovation of ` Apartment 1 ' Josh and Charlotte produced a beautiful wine cellar for their luxe three bedroom apartment . Josh and Charlotte 's apartment has garnered a lot of attention with 750 prospective buyers having already inspected the property . Since the apartments were listed on the market last week , Josh and Charlotte 's apartment garnered a lot of attention with 750 prospective buyers having already inspected the property . The agent taking care of Josh and Charlotte 's campaign , Hocking Stuart agent Mark Konishi , took 17 couples through the apartment on Easter Saturday and said the pair 's light-saturated apartment impressed buyers . Although the couple were disqualified from the Master bedroom reveal , despite a ` perfect score ' from the judges , agents are confident the high ceilings and exposed beams will be a big draw card for buyers . Fresh and clean : Mr Konishi said buyers were impressed with the couples ` light filled ' apartment . The Block 's judges praised the couple for their ` thoughtful ' styling and clean grey palate . Tim and Anastasia are confident that they will come out on top when the apartments go on sale next month . Tim and Anastasia 's sophisticated apartment has been valued at around $ 1.3 million . Real estate agents said potential buyers were impressed with the property and thought it looked much better than on television . Tim and Anastasia 's apartment is being sold by Russell Cambridge and Doug Doyle of Biggin and Scott . Mr Cambridge said the property has been well received by potential buyers who think the property looks a lot better in person than on TV . Three contracts were issued after Mr Cambridge showed the property to over over 30 groups . He is telling prospective buyers the ` sophisticated ' apartment will sell for upward of $ 1.3 million . After realtors showed around 30 groups through Tim and Anastasia 's property , three contracts were issued . Ayden and Jess are facing stiff competition however their realtor valued the property at around $ 1.3 million , the same figure as Tim and Anastasia . When it goes under the hammer next month Ayden and Jess hope that the effort they put into their ` Scandanavian ' apartment will be rewarded . Adam Joske from Gary Peer 's is running Ayden and Jess 's campaign and he said there has been a lot of interest coming from online buyers . The first time renovators on the Block won the very first room reveal of the season and received positive reviews over the course of the program . Mr Joske told prospective buyers the ` Scandinavian ' styled apartment will go sell around $ 1.3 million at auction . Judges think Ayden and Jess ' bright apartment will appeal to a younger buyer . This was also Ayden and Jess ' first shot at the Block with the judges giving the couple good reviews over the course of the series . All four apartments have been marketed without featuring the kitchen , stairs or terrace of the apartments as they have n't been formally revealed on the reality series . This has given realtors ample opportunity to spark interest in the million dollar properties before auction date without disappointing dedicated fans who tune in each week for ` room reveal ' . Teams will be hoping to do better than The Block Glasshouse duos after three couples only pocketed between $ 10,000 and $ 40,000 for months of hard work and time away from their family . Contestants keep any money made over their reserves and the team that makes the most receives a $ 100,000 bonus . This season only registered bidders , buyers advocates and a small group of media will be present at the filmed auctions . The winners will remain a secret until the auctions are aired during the season finale . Channel Nine are opening the doors of ` The Block ' apartments this weekend with around 40,000 fans expected to show up .