This is the shocking moment a single mother was caught on a hidden camera stealing money from the wallet of her boyfriend 's frail 89-year old grandfather . Hayley Adams , 29 , of Barnstaple , Devon , was seen sneaking into William Tanner 's bedroom and taking cash from his coat , after a CCTV device was put in the room by his daughter Angela Wrenn . Ms Wrenn , 56 , had earlier expressed concern that his money kept going missing , but was shocked to discover the culprit was a trusted relative - and the mother to Mr Tanner 's great-grandchildren . While Adams admitted to taking about £ 65 , North Devon Magistrates ' Court was told that the victim 's relatives suspected the amount stolen in one year was closer to thousands of pounds . Caught : Hayley Adams -LRB- above -RRB- , 29 , of Barnstaple , Devon , was seen sneaking into William Tanner 's bedroom and taking cash from his coat , after a CCTV device was put in the room by his daughter Angela Wrenn . The videos were handed to police and have now led to Adams being convicted of three counts of theft - although she escaped with a community order , restraining order and a total fine of £ 175 . Mr Tanner told the court he was left feeling violated and vulnerable after Adams stole money during several visits to his house in Barnstaple . Karen Ball , prosecuting , said the victim noticed money going missing from his wallet and thought at first he was being forgetful . She said he lived with his daughter Ms Wrenn who then became suspicious about Adams 's behaviour - so secretly installed the CCTV . Adams visited frequently and was overheard telling friends she had no money to go out with them , before she suddenly acquired some . The hidden camera instantly started picking up the offences . Mrs Ball said Adams had been in a relationship with Mr Tanner 's grandson - with whom she has two children - when the thefts took place . The couple have since separated . Seen on CCTV : The videos were handed to police and have now led to Adams being convicted of three counts of theft - although she escaped with a community order , restraining order and a total fine of £ 175 . In a victim impact statement , Mr Tanner said : ` I have been violated . I am feeling very vulnerable and am constantly on my guard . I ca n't trust anybody and it feels like I have had my personal space violated . ` My room does not feel the same anymore . I have been feeling safer since she has not been allowed in the house . I think it is just knowing that she ca n't get to me . ' Mrs Ball claimed the victim 's family suspected thousands of pounds were taken in 12 months , but the exact amount was unknown . Tony Dart , defending Adams , said the idea that thousands was stolen was ` absurd ' and Adams admitted to taking around £ 65 . Mr Dart said : ` She is disappointed in herself . The offences took place when she was desperate for money . She is a single mother . She accepts her behaviour was reprehensible . ' Magistrates handed Adams a restraining order , banning her from attending the victim 's address or contacting him - and ordered her to pay him £ 65 compensation . She was also handed a six-month community order , with six months supervision , and told to attend an Engage Women programme . She was fined £ 50 and ordered to pay a £ 60 victim surcharge .