Matt Dunford , 30 , who claimed to be ` Britain 's vainest man ' , has been ordered to carry out 120 hours unpaid work for harassing an ex-girlfriend , pictured today outside court . A fitness fanatic dubbed ` Britain 's vainest man ' who set up a fake website claiming his ex-girlfriend was a prostitute has been ordered to carry out 120 hours of unpaid work for harassing her . Matt Dunford , 30 , bombarded Brazilian model Amanda Branco with up to 50 messages a day and tried to blackmail her out of £ 5,000 after their six-month relationship broke down . When she refused to pay the bodybuilder , from Leighton Buzzard in Bedfordshire , he mocked-up an escort website profile on Facebook and sent it to her mother and sister . Dunford failed to appear at Hammersmith Magistrates ' Court in February but was found guilty of two counts of harassment without violence in his absence . The model , who claims he spends £ 100,000-a-year on his looks and is now working as a stripper , says he took an overdose and suffered a seizure days before the hearing , causing him to miss it . Sentencing him today , Amanda Barron , chair of the bench , said : ` It involves two periods of harassment over a long period of time , it also involves harassment electronically and wide dissemination . ` This has had caused a great deal of distress for the complainant and possible impact on her work . ` We have decided that these two offences are serious enough to sentence you to a community order . ' Dunford , dressed in a black jacket , a multi-coloured scarf , and black trousers , was given a 12 month community order and told to do 120 hours of unpaid work . Ms Barron added : ` We also decided we are going to impose a restraining order , we feel it 's a necessary precaution . ' The pair had met in Ireland and then went on to work at the same branch of Gymbox in Holborn , central London but the six month relationship ended in October 2013 . The personal trainer bombarded Ms Branco , from Rio de Janeiro , with calls , texts and emails , then tried to blackmail her - although the blackmail did not form part of the harassment charge . She estimated she was receiving at least 30 phone calls and 50 text messages a day from Dunford trying to get her to meet up with him . Giving evidence Ms Branco told magistrates : ` I went to Brazil for three months to get away from him . The day I got back - I do n't know how he found out - he left me a voicemail screaming `` Are you back , are you back , are you back ? '' ` He kept asking me to meet him , he said he had problems with drugs and needed my friendship to move on and go back to the gym and move on my life . I was getting 30 calls a day . ' Brazilian model Amanda Branco -LRB- pictured left and right -RRB- says her ex-boyfriend bombarded her with messages and calls and even set up a fake escort profile of her and sent it to her mother and sister . She added : ` In February 2014 he said he found out I was n't just a stripper , -LSB- he thought -RSB- I was an escort . ` He started blackmailing me , saying he wanted £ 5,000 for what I did to his life . I felt scared and then he started saying if you do n't reply , wait and watch what is going to happen . ` He said you have until midnight and he gave me an address for a hotel just five minutes from my house . ' Ms Branco told the court : ` He photoshopped a website saying I was an escort , he sent it to my mum and my sister . ' Describing the harassment Doreen Bogle , prosecuting , said in one text message Dunford said : ` I think you need to go back to Brazil , you are hurting too many people here , ' The fitness fanatic once said he spends more than £ 100,000 on his beauty regime , including £ 18,000 on clothes and £ 10,800 on his hair . Dunford had denied two charges of harassment without violence but was found guilty at an earlier hearing and today told to pay a £ 120 victim surcharge and £ 920 in costs . He 's also banned from contacting Ms Branco . In another text he said : ` Police hate escorts , they 're all druggies and liars . ' Miss Bogle said Dunford had also emailed a friend called Alex , saying Branco was ` pure evil , she literally tried to ruin me . ' He added : ` She 's a disgrace , I 'm going to make sure she 's deported back to Brazil , I have Jack Tweedy 's lawyer working for me . ' He also posted a Facebook message ` referring to her as an escort , a prostitute , and a drug user , ' said Ms Bogle . The World Beauty Fitness & Fashion World Championship contestant called police when Dunford arrived her flat demanding to be let in - claiming he wanted to collect his nutritional supplements . Dunford 's career , which the court heard he has worked ` exceptionally hard ' for 12 years for , has been left ` literally in tatters ' - with only two fitness clients remaining . His barrister , Jess Ward , said Dunford took an overdose the day before he was found guilty of a charge of harassment last month . He suffered a seizure and was unable to talk because he had violently chewed the inside of his mouth during the convulsion . Dunford 's -LRB- right -RRB- barrister said his life had been left ` literally in tatters ' after the charges were brought against him by Ms Branco -LRB- left -RRB- and he is now living at home with his parents in Bedfordshire . Dunford was only discharged at 1 am on 2 February , where he returned to his parents ' house in Leighton Buzzard . In the meantime he has been convalescing with his father , who is a retired GP , and his mother , who is a nurse . Dunford had denied the charges but was ordered to pay a £ 120 victim surcharge and £ 920 in costs . Magistrates also placed a restraining order on Dunford and ordered that he does not contact Ms Branco . He was told the order will remain in place until further order is made .