The Queen has spent a second day enjoying the spring sunshine in Windsor Great Park this week . Her Majesty , who is approaching her 89th birthday , was spotted riding her faithful black Fell pony , Carltonlima Emma , as she was joined by Lord Vestey and her Head Groom Terry Pendry in the beautiful park close to her Windsor Castle home on Monday . She was well prepared for any spring showers in a lightweight waterproof , and , as is her wont , eschewed a helmet in favour of one of her silk scarves . Scroll down for video . Outing : The Queen has spent a second day enjoying the spring sunshine in Windsor Great Park this week . On Thursday the Monarch was seen trotting through the park again with Pendry as the sunshine lit up the blooming flora . Today 's second riding partner , Lord Vestry , is a close friend of the Royal Family and also the Queen 's Master of the Horse , regularly photographed with the Monarch at equestrian events and important ceremonial occasions . The multi-millionaire , 72 , is one of Britain 's richest men thanks to the Vestey family 's estimated £ 750million fortune through the family meat business , Vestey Foods Group . Active : Her Majesty , who is approaching her 89th birthday , was spotted riding her faithful black Fell pony , Carltonlima Emma . Park life : The Queen was joined by Lord Vestey and her Head Groom Terry Pendry . Whilst Lord Vestry and Pendry wore hard hats for the ride , the Queen wore only a light , floral headscarf . She finished the look with some pale jodphurs and deep , brown riding boots . Despite being encouraged to use a riding helmet in the past the Queen has reportedly never worn one because of her hair . Speaking in an interview last year , her racing trainer Ian Balding recalled the moment he asked why the monarch never wears a riding hat . The Queen is said to have replied : ` I never have and you do n't have to have your hair done like I do . ' Her Majesty is famous for her love of horses and first found herself in the saddle at the age of four after being presented with a Shetland pony , named Peggy , aged four . Since then , the royal stables have been home to a succession of steeds , among them Betsy , a black farm-bred horse who was her mount of choice in the 50 's , and Surprise , a grey gelding whom the Queen famously galloped down the course at Ascot in 1961 . No helmet : The Queen , pictured here on Friday , never wears a riding helmet preferring instead to ride in a silk headscarf . Cutting back : She has ridden less in recent years as a result of a niggling knee injury . Recent years have seen her cut down on the amount of time she spends in the saddle - the result of a niggling knee injury that also forced her to give up presiding over Trooping the Colour on horseback . Nevertheless , the Queen remains an enthusiastic equestrienne and , according to sources , is a familiar sight at her Windsor stables . She is also said to take a keen interest in all her horses and ponies , some of whom are now ridden by her grandchildren , notably Prince Edward 's children , Lady Louise and James , Viscount Severn . Along with her thoroughbred race horses , the Queen also breeds Fell ponies and has a stud specialising in Highland ponies at Balmoral . First love : The Queen 's first pony was a tiny Shetland named Peggy who was given to her at the age of four . Familiar sight : The Queen riding her much-loved horse Burmese during Trooping the Colour . Seal of approval : A Fell pony foal similar to those being bred by the Queen at Hampton Court . One of the oldest equine breeds on the planet , Fell ponies like the Queen 's mount Carltonlima Emma , have roamed the moors of Cumbria since the Neolithic period . Docile , hardy and thick-set , the majority of Fell ponies are black , grey or bay and measure between 13 and 14hh . Highly prized by the Carvetii , the Iron Age tribe who occupied the region more than two millennia ago , the ponies later caught the eye of the invading Romans and were used as trade goods all over the Empire . The Romans also helped develop the breed into the relatively large animal it is today . Originally thought to have stood around 12hh tall -LRB- similar to Dartmoor and Exmoor ponies -RRB- , by the end of the Roman period , the average Fell was more than a hand higher . Another invader to fall in love with the Fell pony was the Vikings , who used the animals as pack ponies ; a use continued by the Normans . By the 13th century , the Fell 's usefulness as a pack animal was well-established and the pony played an important role in British trade until the end of the 18th century . Following the Industrial Revolution , Fells were used to transport iron ore and coal from mine to town , as well as underground when the height of the shaft allowed . Although previously used in trotting races , the Fell pony really came into its as a riding horse in the 1950s , when its gentle nature and pretty looks made it the pony of choice for families . Today , the pony remains a popular choice for riders of all ages , among them the Queen who breeds Fell ponies at her Hampton Court stud . Source : The Fell Pony Society .