In one of the biggest cheating scandals of its kind in the U.S. , 11 former Atlanta public school educators were convicted Wednesday of racketeering for their role in a scheme to inflate students ' scores on standardized exams . The defendants - including teachers , a principal and other administrators - were accused of falsifying test results to collect bonuses or keep their jobs in the 50,000-student Atlanta school system . The educators fed answers to students or erased and changed the answers on tests after they were turned in to secure promotions or up to $ 5,000 each in bonuses , the court was told . However the person accused of benefiting the most from the conspiracy , Superintendent Beverly Hall - who is thought to have received up to $ 500,000 in bonus payouts - died of breast cancer over the course of the trial . A 12th defendant , a teacher , was acquitted of all charges by the jury this week . The 11 will all be sentenced on April 8 and could face up to 20 years in prison for the racketeering charges . They were all found guilty under the the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act , or RICO , which is typically reserved for major mobsters and organized crime bosses . Scroll down for video . Convicted : Donald Bullock , left , former Atlanta Public Schools Usher-Collier Heights Elementary testing coordinator , is led to a holding cell after a jury found him guilty in the Atlanta Public Schools cheating trial . Cheating : During the trial prosecutors accused a dozen former teachers , principals and administrators of erasing incorrect answers or instructing students to change their answers to secure promotions and cash bonuses in 2009 . Seen here is Former Atlanta Public Schools school research team director Tamara Cotman . Jail : Former Deerwood Academy assistant principal Tabeeka Jordan is led to a holding cell after the verdict . One principal was accused of wearing gloves as they erased test score answers and filled in new ones . ` This is a huge story and absolutely the biggest development in American education law since forever , ' said University of Georgia law professor Ron Carlson . ` It has to send a message to educators here and broadly across the nation . Playing with student test scores is very , very dangerous business . ' The case stems from an investigation carried out in 2011 , which uncovered evidence that the educators gave answers to students or changed answers on tests after they were turned in . Evidence of cheating was found in 44 schools , with nearly 180 educators involved , and investigators found teachers who tried to report it faced retaliation . The cheating is believed to date back to 2001 , when scores on statewide skills tests began to turn around in the 50,000-student school district . Between 2005 and 2009 , test answers were altered and falsely certified , according to the 2013 indictment . According to Governing.com , most educators ' bonuses did n't exceed a total of $ 5,000 between 2005 and 2009 . A grand jury indicted 35 educators in March 2013 on charges including racketeering , false statements and theft . Many reached plea agreements , serve between 250 and 1,000 hours of community service , repay between $ 500 and $ 5,000 in bonus money and complete up to two years of probation . Others testified at the trial against their co-conspirators . However , Superintendent Beverly Hall never went to trial , successfully arguing she was too sick to mount a defense . She died last month of breast cancer . Judge : Fulton County Superior Court Judge Jerry Baxter addresses the jury as he releases them from service after they found 11 former Atlanta Public Schools educators guilty on racketeering charges . Guilty : Defense attorney Robert Rubin , left , talks with his client , former Dobbs Elementary principal Dana Evans , center , before she is led to a holding cell after a jury found her guilty . Guilty : Former Atlanta Public Schools school research team director Michael Pitts , right . The jury reached its verdict on the eighth day of deliberations in a case that ensnared nationally prominent leaders . Emotional : Donald Bullock , left , former Atlanta Public Schools Usher-Collier Heights Elementary testing coordinator , reacts as a jury finds him guilty . He is now facing 20 years in prison . Hall insisted she was innocent and had no part in any cheating . But , the educators said she was among those pressuring them to inflate students ' scores to show gains in achievement -- which were needed to meet federal benchmarks tied to extra funding . Hall , who served as superintendent for more than a decade , which is rare for an urban schools chief , was named Superintendent of the Year by the American Association of School Administrators in 2009 and was credited with raising student test scores and graduation rates . The investigation found that Hall ` created a culture of fear , intimidation and retaliation ' during her time as Superintendent . It also found that she had permitted ` cheating -- at all levels -- to go unchecked for years ' . Investigators believe she may have accepted up to $ 500,000 in bonus payouts as a result of the ongoing cheating scandal . In 2008 , The Atlanta Journal-Constitution published a series of articles that questioned the veracity of test scores across the Atlanta school school system , which has 50,000 students . The newspaper contended the scores were statistically improbable . Gov. Sonny Perdue subsequently launched an investigation , which concluded in June 2011 . It found at least 44 schools were guilty of cheating , dating back to 2005 . Educators fed answers to students or erased and changed answers on tests after they were turned in . Created a culture of fear : Superintendent Beverly L. Hall was the alleged ringleader of the cheating scandal , but denied any involvement . One principal wore gloves as she erased and changed the answers . Nearly 180 employees , including 38 principals , were accused of wrongdoing . The report said Superintendent Beverly L. Hall -LRB- right -RRB- had ` created a culture of fear , intimidation and retaliation ' that had permitted ` cheating -- at all levels -- to go unchecked for years ' The cheating allowed educators to collect bonuses and improve the ailing reputation of the Atlanta school system , the investigation found . It allowed them to accept bonuses of up to $ 5,000 each , however Dr Hall is believed to have accepted up to $ 500,000 . In March 2013 , Dr Hall and 34 educators were indicted by a grand jury on charges including racketeering , making false statements and theft . 21 of the educators plead guilty to reach plea agreements . They received between 250 and 1,000 hours of community service and must repay their bonuses . 12 educators chose to stand trial . The trail started in August 2014 . Dr Hall did not stand trial or accept a plea , claiming she was too sick . She died of breast cancer in March 2015 . Prosecutors said the 12 were looking out for themselves rather than their students . On Wednesday , only one of the 12 educators were acquitted . The 11 educators - teachers , a principal and other administrators - were found guilty . They will be sentenced April 8 . The racketeering charges carry up to 20 years in prison . source : AP , The New York Times . Former Benteen Elementary testing coordinator Theresia Copeland , left , is supported by her defense attorney Ryan Walsh , listens as a jury finds her guilty and Former Dunbar Elementary teacher Diane Buckner-Webb , center , stands with her defense attorney Kevin Franks after a jury found her guilty . Guilty : Former Atlanta Public Schools school research team director Sharon Davis Williams , left , as the verdict is read in the trial , Wednesday , April 1 , 2015 , in Atlanta . Defense attorneys argued that there was no conspiracy and that prosecutors had pressured educators to testify against their former colleagues . Guilty : Former Deerwood Academy assistant principal Tabeeka Jordan , left , stands with her defense attorney Akil Secret after a jury found her guilty . Former Dobbs Elementary teacher Angela Williamson , left , and her defense attorney Gerald Griggs stand as the verdict was read . Williamson and 10 other former Atlanta Public Schools educators were accused of participating in test cheating . In a video message to schools staff before she retired , Hall warned that the state investigation launched by former Gov. Sonny Perdue would likely reveal ` alarming ' behavior ' . Hall said : ` There is simply no excuse for unethical behavior and no room in this district for unethical conduct . ' Defense attorneys argued those convicted should remain free until sentencing because they do n't have prior records , have community ties and showed up to trial every day . Yet , only one was allowed to remain free on bond -- teacher Shani Robinson -- because she is expecting to give birth soon . The jury reached its verdict on the eighth day of deliberations . Fulton County Superior Court Judge Jerry Baxter said : ` They are convicted felons as far as I 'm concerned . They have made their bed and they 're going to have to lie in it . ' Overcome : Former Dunbar Elementary teacher Pamela Cleveland , second from right , gets a hug from her defense attorney Angela Johnson , right , as she led to a holding cell after a jury found her guilty . Distraught : Former Dobbs Elementary prinprincipal Dana Evans , center right , hugs her defense attorney Robert Rubin after a jury found her guilty . ` I 'm devastated , ' Rubin said of the verdict . Verdict : Defense attorney Annette Greene reacts as the verdict is read for her client former Dunbar Elementary teacher Shani Robinson . Robinson and 10 other former Atlanta Public Schools educators were convicted for their part in a test cheating conspiracy that drew nationwide attention . Prosecutors said the 12 former educators on trial were looking out for themselves , seeking bonuses for higher test scores rather than worrying about the education of their students . Defense attorneys argued that their clients were caught up in an overly broad prosecution that overreached in charging them with violating racketeering laws most often used for organized crime . The months-long trial began in August with more than six weeks of jury selection , and testimony concluded in late February . The criminal investigation by the Fulton County district attorney 's office lasted nearly two years . It only came to light after The Atlanta Journal-Constitution reported in 2008 that some test scores were statistically improbable . Legal team : Fulton County Senior Assistant District Attorney Clint Rucker , right , hugs Fulton County District Attorney Paul Howard . Eleven of the 12 defendants left the courtroom in handcuffs . District Attorney Paul Howard said it was the biggest and most complex case his office had ever handled . It lasted nearly two years and involved hundreds of interviews with school administrators , staff , parents and students . ` Our entire effort in this case was simply to get our community to stop and take a look at the education system , ' Howard said . Dessa Curb , a former elementary school teacher , was the one educator acquitted of all charges . ` I 've prayed and I believed that this would be my outcome , ' said a dazed-looking Curb , tears in her eyes . Not guilty : Former Dobbs Elementary teacher Dessa Curb , left , with her attorney Sanford Wallack and her sister Aleesa Williams , leave the Fulton County Courthouse after a jury found her not guilty in the case .