McDonald 's says it 's simplifying its grilled chicken recipe to remove ingredients people might not recognize , marking the latest sign the company is rethinking its menu to keep up with changing tastes . The company says it expects the new ` Artisan Grilled Chicken ' to be in its more than 14,300 U.S. stores by the end of next week , in products including a new sandwich , as well as existing sandwiches , wraps and salads . It says the biggest change is the removal of sodium phosphates , which it said was used to keep the chicken moist , in favor of vegetable starch . The new recipe also does not use maltodextrin , which McDonald 's said is generally used as a sugar to increase browning or as a carrier for seasoning . Jessica Foust , director of culinary innovation at McDonald 's , said the changes were made because customers said they want ` simple , clean ingredients ' they are familiar with . ` Maltodextrin is just not something they have in their pantries , ' Foust said . Easy to follow : McDonald 's is simplifying its grilled chicken recipe to remove ingredients people might not recognize . Its ` Artisan Grilled Chicken ' will be included in a new sandwich and existing menu items . The change comes as McDonald 's fights to hold onto customers amid the growing popularity of places like Chipotle that position themselves as more wholesome alternatives to traditional fast-food . Already , that ` clean label ' trend has prompted numerous restaurant chains and packaged food makers to reformulate products , even while standing by the safety and quality of their previous recipes . Subway also introduced a new grilled chicken recipe earlier this year that it said had no artificial flavors or preservatives . And Panera Bread has said it plans to purge artificial colors , flavors and preservatives from its food by 2016 . As ingredient quality becomes a more powerful marketing advantage , executives at McDonald 's have also been trying to freshen up the company 's image and shake perceptions that it serves junk food . TV ads and signs in stores , for instance , are playing up the fact that Egg McMuffins are made with freshly cracked eggs . And last month , McDonald 's announced it would start asking suppliers to curb the use of antibiotics in raising chickens . As for the new grilled chicken recipe , McDonald 's said it will now be cooked with a blend of olive oil and canola oil , instead of liquid margarine . And Foust said she thinks customers will notice that it has ` more of a lemon herb type flavor . ' ` It 's a very real chicken experience -- something closer to what you make in your own home , ' she said . Battle : The change comes as McDonald 's fights to hold onto customers amid the growing popularity of places like Chipotle that position themselves as more wholesome alternatives to traditional fast-food -LRB- file -RRB- . Roger Clemens , an adjunct professor of pharmaceutical sciences at the University of Southern California 's School of Pharmacy and a former president of the Institute of Food Technologists , said sodium phosphates could be used to help chicken keep its moisture and texture when it 's being frozen and shipped . ` If you 're going to cook a fresh chicken , it 's not a big concern . But if you 're going to ship a chicken , there 's a change in structure , ' he said . Maltodextrin , meanwhile , might be used as a coating on chicken to distribute seasonings evenly , he said . On its website , McDonald 's lists ingredients for its new ` Artisan Grilled Chicken ' including salt , vegetable starch , sugar , garlic powder , lemon juice concentrate , honey and onion powder . Terri Hickey , a McDonald 's representative , said the new chicken will have 12 ingredients , compared with 18 ingredients for the previous grilled chicken recipe . Mike Andres , who took over as president of McDonald 's USA last year amid ongoing sales struggles , had said in December the company was looking at shrinking its ingredients lists . Whether the new grilled chicken recipe helps change perceptions about the food at McDonald 's remains to be seen . The change comes after McDonald 's Corp. saw sales and customer visits at established U.S. restaurants slip two years in a row . In January , the company named Steve Easterbrook , its chief brand officer , to take over as CEO for Don Thompson . That change took effect in March , right before a ` Turnaround Summit ' for U.S. franchisees . McDonald 's says it 's simplifying the recipe for its grilled chicken in the latest sign the chain is trying to keep up with changing tastes . Here 's a look at the ingredient lists for the new grilled chicken , compared with the previous ingredient list : . NEW RECIPE : . Ingredients : Boneless , skinless chicken breast with rib meat , water , salt , vegetable starch , sugar , garlic powder , lemon juice concentrate , honey , onion powder , dried vinegar , natural flavor -LRB- plant source -RRB- , baking soda . Prepared with canola oil/olive oil blend and herb seasoning -LRB- sugar , garlic powder , salt , lemon juice concentrate , parsley , onion powder , dried honey , citric acid , spice , dried vinegar , natural flavor -LRB- plant sources -RRB- . OLD RECIPE : . Ingredients : chicken breast fillet with rib meat , water , seasoning -LRB- rice starch , salt , sugar , yeast extract , canola oil , onion powder , maltodextrin , chicken skin , paprika , flavor , sunflower oil , chicken , garlic powder , chicken fat , spices -RRB- , sodium phosphates . Prepared with liquid margarine : liquid soybean oil and hydrogenated cottonseed and soybean oils , water , partially hydrogenated soybean oil , salt , soy lecithin , mono-and diglycerides , sodium benzoate and potassium sorbate -LRB- preservatives -RRB- , artificial flavor , citric acid , vitamin A palmitate , beta carotene -LRB- color -RRB- . Source : McDonald 's Corp .