Portland Timbers defender Liam Ridgewell writes his second column for Sportsmail with the 2015 Major League Soccer season well under way in the United States . Here , the 30-year-old from Bexleyheath discusses his family 's visits to Portland , coming up against Orlando City 's Brazilian star Kaka and the upcoming clash against fierce rivals Seattle Sounders on Monday morning at 2:30 am UK time . Fifty hours . That was how long a group of our fans camped outside Providence Park before the game against FC Dallas . They already had tickets , but just wanted to be first into the stadium . Sounds crazy right ? I was walking around the city with Nat Borchers and we stopped to have a chat . It 's wicked to see supporters ' passion , and they carry that throughout the matches . The atmosphere is special . On game day I love the national anthem at the start . It 's not mine but it really gees me up . The fans swing their scarves and sing . It 's an honour to play in front of them . Liam Ridgewell in action for the Portland Timbers with the new MLS season well under way in the States . Ridgewell -LRB- right -RRB- attempts to gee up his side during a match against New York City FC last week . We beat Dallas 3-1 for our first victory of the season , which was especially pleasing as my children Luca and Eva were over visiting with my parents Bob and Linda . Nice to get up and running . It 's been raining quite a bit but one day we got the paddle boards out , and the kids had a splash on the lake behind my house . Luca , who 's nine , came into training with me every day . He pottered about , spoke to the lads , and kicked the ball around . I do n't know about having his old man 's talent -- can we call it that ? -- but he loves it . There is a lot of pressure on younger kids now , I do n't want to be too pushy , let him enjoy it . He went training with the Timbers Under-9s one day and met Gavin Wilkinson , the general manager , and the owner Merritt Paulson . He was asking loads of questions about how much he 'd spent and how much various things cost , as kids do . There were no boundaries . Merritt was lovely and had a bit of banter . Perhaps Luca will pursue a career as an agent ! Either that or a personal trainer . He spotted a dodge ball court at the local play centre so we had a game . After 20 minutes my thighs were burning . It is nothing like the film , there are trampolines and it 's tiring bouncing from one to the next . Luca wanted to keep going . I tried to teach him the dodge , dip , dive , and duck routine but he was n't having any of it . My kids have now left and watching them go at the airport is the hardest thing I 've ever had to do . It seems to get worse every time . They are coming back in July and I 'm excited already . Ridgewell -LRB- back , second right -RRB- lines up for a Portland Timbers team photo ahead of an MLS match . Portland Timbers and Orlando City walk onto the field ahead of an MLS match in Oregon earlier this month . Portland Timbers mascot Timber Joey uses a chainsaw to cut a timber slab after a goal is scored . Nat is my central defensive partner and beard brother . I 've been trying to grow mine for ages , everyone tells me to shave but I 'm keeping it to annoy people . When I saw Nat 's , though , I just thought , ` He 's ruined it ' . His is huge and makes me look like a nine year old boy . It 's a proper beard , you could certainly hide some squirrels in there . Nat Borchers holds up a timber slab after Portland beat FC Dallas 3-1 earlier this month . The whole family of 12 is flying out and I had Dad doing some jobs around the house to prepare . He 's sorted the outdoor parasols and kegerator , which lets you have beer on tap . I 've been practising the table tennis ready for a comp with my brothers . One of them , Gavin , is a travel freak and he 's already bought a book on what to do . There are a lot of vineyards we can visit and we want to trek up Mount Hood , the highest point in Oregon . It is technically an active volcano , though I read the chances of an eruption in the next 30 years are about three per cent , so I think we 'll be alright . You can ski its slopes and canoe its rivers . I 'd like to stay in a log cabin on a night off . There is no TV and you 're right out in the wilderness , surrounded by woods . Hopefully it will be a good summer . I 'll be wearing my Thomas Royall shorts when the sun shines . We have just designed our summer 16 range , and had more enquiries from shops . I give my input when I wake up . To organise the current range we went to a hotel in London -LRB- during the MLS winter break -RRB- and sifted through thousands of prints laid out in front of us , more or less going off our instincts . Your eyes are popping out by the end of the meeting . Hopefully we 'll see the shorts out in Vegas . A lot of the success is down to our model Stephen James Hendry . We picked him because we needed to stand out and project the funky hairstyles and tattoos you see around Shoreditch and Hoxton . Our photographer Adam recommended him . He was very much in demand . He 's a lovely fella . We went out for a meal and he likes to talk football and we like to talk fashion . It 's been great . After Dallas we lost at home to Orlando , who were inspired by Kaka . He kept it simple with one-twos and his presence on the pitch was clear . Kaka -LRB- front centre -RRB- poses for a photo alongside his Orlando City team-mates ahead of the Portland match . Kaka -LRB- left -RRB- on the ball with Montreal Impact 's Nigel Reo-Coker giving chase during a match last month . It was frustrating not to do better but I watched him play in the World Cup so to walk out with him and be captain on the same day was a real privilege . On the pendant handover I said good luck but that was about it . I do n't know if he knows English , Gracias and Bonjour is my lingo limit . We redeemed ourselves in the next game at New York City , winning 1-0 . The clean sheet was hugely satisfying . When I first signed my professional contract with Aston Villa I took the family to America and New York . We did all the shows but not Yankee Stadium , so it was surreal to play on that grass . I got a couple of pictures standing on the pitcher 's mound . To win there was special . David Villa did n't play because of injury but hopefully I can face him later on this campaign . New York City FC 's David Villa -LRB- right -RRB- looks to leave New England Revolution 's Scott Caldwell in his wake . Up next on Sunday night US time are Seattle Sounders , our fiercest rivals . I would say local but the city is about 150 miles away . There will be 65,000 there and the atmosphere promises to be intense , louder than a Villa-Blues derby . Last season I was on the bench as I had just signed and was n't able to play . I sat looking at the thousands of fans , the fireworks , and the flags thinking ` Wow ' . I knew I had made the right call to come to the MLS . Portland Timbers players run out onto the field ahead of clash with rivals Seattle Sounders in 2013 . Seattle Sounders fans show their banners and flags ahead of a match against Portland last year .