Shocking footage of a vagrant Christian family band attacking police officers in a Walmart parking lot has been released . The video taken from a patrol car dashcam captures the ` end of days ' group brawling with cops in Cottonwood , Arizona , on March 21 just moments before a deadly gunfight . The Gaver family had allegedly been camping outside the store for a few days when they had the confrontation with police . Enoch Gaver , 21 , was killed in the fight and suspect David Gaver , 28 , was shot in the stomach and taken into custody . Scroll down for video . Violent : The video captures the ` end of days ' band brawling with cops in Cottonwood , Arizona , on March 21 just moments before a a deadly gunfight . Chaos : During the footage , you can hear one of the officers saying they needed to ` separate these folks ' and talk to them . Ten-year Cottonwood Police veteran Sgt Jeremy Daniels was also shot and hospitalized , but has since been released . During the footage , you can hear one of the officers saying they needed to ` separate these folks ' and talk to them . But one of the group says : ` No , you are not going to separate me from my parents , ' followed by , ` Do n't touch me . ' The officer is then put into a headlock and pulled to the ground as the confrontation gets more violent . A Walmart employee is also seen trying to aid police and throws a punch in a bid to subdue the band members . Assistance : A Walmart employee -LRB- right with nis arms outstretched -RRB- is also seen trying to aid police and throws a punch in a bid to subdue the band members . Brawl : Some fall to the ground during the fight , but immediately get back up . During the confrontation gunshots are heard . Eric Garver , 21 , was killed and Cottonwood Police Sgt Jeremy Daniels , 31 was shot . Musical team : The Gavers were part of a band called Matthew 24 Now , which sometimes played outside a grocery store in Boise , Idaho . Above , a picture of the band from their Facebook page . Matthew 24 is a Bible verse dealing with the end of times . Fatal : One member of the Gaver family was killed in the shootout , now identified as Enoch Gaver . When police arrived on the scene , the Gavers ` immediately ' started attacking , according to the Arizona DPS . According to Facebook , the family is part of a band called ` Matthew 24 Now ' -LRB- they are also go by ` Busking in the Son ' back in Idaho -RRB- . The name refers to a Biblical passage dealing with the end of times . The remaining members of the Gaver family have been jailed , including an 11-year-old and 15-year-old who were sent to a juvenile detention facility . On duty : Cottonwood Police Sgt Jeremy Daniels , 31 -LRB- pictured -RRB- , was shot in the leg during the attack but is expected to make a full recovery . One of the suspects , David Gaver , was shot in the abdomen but has since been released from hospital . The Arizona Department of Public Safety , who are investigating the shooting , said it was sparked when a few members of the Gaver family went into the Walmart to use the bathroom , and one of the store employees followed them into the restroom . At least one member of the Gaver family shoved the female employee , which led to the store calling 911 . When police arrived on the scene to investigate the incident , they found the Gavers in the parking lot where they had been living out of a large SUV for the past few days . When police arrived on the scene to investigate the incident , they found the Gavers in the parking lot where they had been living out of a large SUV for the past few days . DPS spokesman Bart Graves says when the police arrived , the Gavers ` immediately ' started attacking , according to AZ Central . Witness Louie Solano told KPHO that the fight ` looked like a riot in the middle of the parking lot ' . ` Lots of screams . Just screeching noise , like unreal , unreal , ' Solano said . ` During the course of the fight , we believe there was a struggle for the officer 's gun , ' Graves said . That 's when three shots were fired , though it 's not clear who had the gun at that point . Sgt Daniels was shot in the leg , while David Gaver was hit in the abdomen . A Walmart employee who came to the aid of police suffered a sprained arm and cuts in the fight . Other officers were treated for lacerations , bruises and a twisted ankle . Behind bars : The suspects who engaged in a shootout with police in a Cottonwood , Arizona Walmart parking lot on Saturday have been identified as eight members of a Idaho family band . Above , two of the suspects , currently jailed : Jeremiah Gaver , 28 -LRB- left -RRB- , and Nathaniel Gaver , 27 -LRB- right -RRB- . Fighting cops : Police say the shootout was sparked by one of the Gavers pushing a Walmart store employee while trying to use the building 's restroom . Above , suspects Ruth and Peter Gaver , 52 and 55 .