Hillsborough investigators have launched an appeal to track down fans who tended to the wounded as they lay dying on the pitch at the 1989 disaster . Photographs which show the men and woman rushing towards those crushed in the tragedy have been released , with investigators urging anyone who recognises them to come forward . It comes at the request of some of the victims ' families , said officials , with officers having been previously unable to identify the individuals in the images . They form part of an ongoing Home Office inquiry aiming to establish whether any individual or organisation was to blame for the disaster which claimed the lives of 96 Liverpool fans . Investigators have released these images of football fans who were pictured carrying the wounded on stretchers and tending to others at the 1989 Hillsborough disaster . Police say the ` unusual ' appeal is necessary as those photographed may be able to answer questions of the victims ' families . Issued on behalf of the Coroner Sir John Goldring , the people in the photographs may be able to tell victims ' families ' more about how they died , officials said . Asked why it had taken more than a year to release the images , a spokesman said police had been trying to identify the people in the footage by poring over statements and other CCTV footage . ` It is important to stress that we believe these people can help the Coroner 's inquest process , ' said Assistant Commissioner Jon Stoddart of Operation Resolve , the police force set up to look into the disaster . ` I know these pictures are 26 years old but if anyone does recognise the people we need to speak to then I would urge them to get in touch immediately . ` There are still many questions that the families of the 96 have and we believe that these people may be able to provide answers to some of those questions . ' Ninety-six people died at the disaster after Liverpool fans in one section of the football grounds became crushed . Previous inquests which recorded conclusions of accidental death were thrown out at the High Court in 2012 after years of campaigning by the families of those killed . The Home Secretary Theresa May launched a fresh probe into the disaster the same year . While the images are not new to the investigation it is the first time they have been shared publicly . They have been released at the request of some of the victims ' families with officers having previously been unable to identify the people in the footage despite taking thousands of statements . Investigators hope members of the public may recognise some of those pictured in the appeal released today . While the images are 26 years old , investigators believe they may help track down key witnesses . Above , a man in a dark coloured jacket -LRB- left -RRB- and another in a beige jacket and grey hooded sweatshirt -LRB- right -RRB- who police believe may be able to help . Another of the fans in a distinctive white and red hat and a man seen tending to one of the wounded as they lay helpless on the football pitch -LRB- right -RRB- . A man in a light denim jacket with long brown hair -LRB- left -RRB- is another person investigators believe may be able to help . Right , another person pictured in the appeal who was stuck behind the enclosure where fans were crushed . Another fan pictured in the appeal . Anyone with information about those pictured is urged to contact Operation Resolve officers . While officers said it was ` unusual ' to carry out such appeals as today 's while legal proceedings are active they invited anyone who recognised the people photographed to make contact . One person has already been traced as a result of the appeal . ` I have a team of highly trained staff in place who will deal with witnesses sensitively as we understand how difficult some people will find this , ' added Mr Stoddart . ` The Operation Resolve website also contains useful contacts should members of the public require welfare assistance . ` It is unusual to carry out an appeal of this nature during an ongoing legal process such as the inquests and for that reason I urge people to remember the warning issued by the Coroner at the start of the fresh inquests , which he reiterated in February 2014 . ` I also urge people to consider the advisory notice issued by the Attorney General 's office on 10 March 2014 . ` It is really important that people do not pass comment on our appeal or any other aspect of the Hillsborough disaster on social media and forums . ' Among those to have already given evidence at the inquest in Warrington are the families of those killed and police officers working at the time . If identified , the people in the images released today could act as witnesses in the next phase of the inquest during which each of the 96 victims ' deaths will be examined . The inquest continues . Ninety-six people were killed in the 1989 disaster -LRB- above -RRB- . The conclusions of previous inquests were thrown out in 2012 with the Home Office launching a fresh probe . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .