The old adage may claim that a liar can not look you in the eye , but in truth liars often stare . That 's according to former police officer , Darren Stanton , who has become the UK 's top human leading human lie detector and body expert . Appearing on ITV 's This Morning , the former police officer who has a background in psychology , micro expression training , and neuro linguistic programming -LRB- the study of body signals -RRB- , showed his immense skill in sniffing out deceit . Scroll down for video . The old adage may claim that a liar can not look you in the eye , but in truth liars often stare . Darren Stanton , who has become the UK 's top human leading human lie detector and body expert , appeared on This Morning . He managed to suss out when both Philip Schofield and Amanda Holden were were fibbing and also appeared in a video clip catching out a cheating husband for lying about an affair . He asked Amanda Holden to conceal a ball and then try and trick him about which hand it was in , but Darren managed to spot her fib straight away . ` I noticed a slight flick on that side of the mouth -- a micro expression , ' he said , much to the presenters amazement . Philip Schofield was also caught fibbing , which Darren said he detected by a raised eyebrow . The full-time human lie detector , who recently sat in on the phone hacking trial , then shared his secrets on the This Morning website . How do you tell if someone is telling porkies ? ` People might clutch a clipboard , file or coffee cup to their chest , creating a subconscious barrier if they 're lying , ' he says . ` Or hold it in two hands . Darren knew presenter Amanda Holden was fibbing due to a slight flick on one side of the mouth , much to the presenters amazement . ` Statistically it 's a myth that a liar ca n't look you in the eye . Three to five seconds of eye contact is normal . Any longer and they are either in love with you or fibbing . He also said that brief answers and hesitation are also signs of lying . ` Liars do n't like being asked for details . If they 're not prepared , they 'll either mirror your language or stutter for an answer , ' he explains . ` The greater the consequences , the more signals a liar gives off , ' adds , giving the example that a person who has committed a serious fraud would give more signals than someone who has stolen a cream cake . But according to the lie-sniffing expert people often have an accurate gut instinct about whether those close to them are telling the truth or not . ` The difference is that the techniques I 've learned accelerate this process so I can have the same level of rapport and insight with another in seconds , ' he explains . But one of the easiest ways to spot a liar is spotting a twitch . Liars often twitch when they are being untruthful , ' he says . ` Sometimes it can be a particularly long blink , or it could be a tiny muscle in the cheek or neck . Men in particular have an area at the bottom of their nose that twitches when they are fibbing . ' Busted ! Phillip Schofield was also caught fibbing by human lie detector .