There were scenes of jubilation in the Dutch city of Dordrecht today , as flag-waving locals turned out to welcome King Willem-Alexander and his glamorous wife Maxima today . The visit , which kicked off with a pageant aboard a flotilla of boats on the local canal , was part of Willem-Alexander 's 48th birthday celebrations . Koningsdag - or King 's Day - is a public holiday in the Netherlands and is traditionally marked with a royal procession either in the capital Amsterdam or in one of the country 's major cities . Happy family : The Dutch royals celebrated King Willem-Alexander 's birthday in Dordrecht . Warm welcome : The Dutch royal couple were all smiles as they meet well-wishers in the trading city . Today , it was the turn of Dordrecht , a city in the south-west of the country , which was once a major trading port , as well as a military hub . Signs of its martial past were thin on the ground today , however , with the streets filled with a sea of joyful humanity , most of whom cheered and waved as the royals floated past . Taking centre stage was Argentina-born Queen Maxima , who opted for a typically eye-catching ensemble of a raspberry pink coat and hat enlivened with a pair of chunky crystal earrings . Also aboard the royal barge , the Dordtevaar , were the couple 's three daughters : Catharina-Amalia , Princess of Orange , 11 , Princess Alexia , nine , and Princess Ariane , eight . Willem-Alexander 's brother Prince Constantijn , 45 , was also aboard , as was his 48-year-old wife , Princess Laurentien , who opted for a tailored dress in patriotic bright orange . Is that it ? Eldest daughter Princess Catharina-Amalia , 11 , cuddles up to her mother during the event . Round of applause : The Queen and the princesses join in with a round of applause for Willem-Alexander . Big arrival : The couple and their three daughters travelled through the city by barge . Family affair : The couple was joined by Prince Constantijn and his wife Laurentien who wore bright orange . Looking good : Maxima looked wonderful in her summery raspberry pink get-up . Matching : The Dutch queen completed her look with a slick of bright pink lipstick and chunky earrings . All smiles : The 43-year-old appeared to be enjoying the occasion and smiled brightly throughout . Echoing their parents and uncle , all three girls smiled and waved at the crowds , most of whom seemed to be enjoying the bright spring sunshine while watching the procession go past . Others used the royal day off to make some extra money , with one enterprising soul setting up a stand that offered selfies with cardboard versions of the Dutch royals for € 1 apiece . Koningsdag is a long-standing Dutch tradition that began in 1890 with Queen Wilhelmina who celebrated her birthday on the 31st August . When her daughter Juliana became Queen , the date was moved to the 30th April - a tradition maintained by her daughter Beatrix , even though her real birthday is the 31st January . Since April 2013 , when Willem-Alexander took the throne following his mother 's abdication , the holiday has taken place his birthday , the 27th April . The celebrations , which kick off the night before with King 's Parties , also include vrijmarkts - flea markets - in most towns and mass consumption of a delicious orange pastry called the tompouce . A right royal selfie ! A well-wisher snaps a selfie with the Dutch King and Queen . Royal wave : King Willem-Alexander waves at the crowds during a walk through the city with his children . Enjoying the sunshine : Both royals and revellers made the most of the beautiful sunshine . Big hug : Queen Maxima hugs her two youngest daughters , Princesses Ariane and Alexia . Speech ! King Willem-Alexander talks to the crowds during his visit to Dordrecht . Enterprising : This little girl decided to add to her pocket money by selling selfies for € 1 apiece . On the water : The canal pageant was swelled by orange-clad well-wishers on their own boats . Turn out : Willem-Alexander 's birthday is a public holiday which meant everyone had the day off . Throng : Huge crowds turned out to see the royal barge drift past . Patriotic : Dutch flags were flying all over the town while many revellers came dressed in patriotic orange .