No other scoreline could have emphasised how seriously this new Arsenal team are taking their prospects of winning major trophies again . ` One-nil to the Arsenal ' used to be commonplace before Arsene Wenger arrived and made everything more exciting , and you sensed the class of 2015 quite enjoyed travelling north and nicking the narrowest of victories at Burnley with a first-half goal from Aaron Ramsey . It was Arsenal 's eighth win in a row , their best run since the Invincibles team in 2004 , and kept the pressure on Chelsea , who they meet in their next league game at the Emirates . Only once before this season have Arsenal won 1-0 but striker Olivier Giroud feels the hard-fought victory proved there is more to this current Wenger team than pass-pass-pass and dissolve when the going gets tough . In other words , they are built to last . Olivier Giroud wants Arsenal to continue their Premier League winning streak and challenge for the title . ` You ca n't play your best football every game . We tried to be focused on not conceding and it 's one more clean sheet , ' Giroud said proudly . ` As long as we were winning the game I do n't think we were in too much danger . We are really pleased . ` If we had been told we would win this game 1-0 I would have signed for it straight away . Burnley played really tough against us . It was a big fight . ` We know about the record of the Invincibles . It 's really good for us to be near that and I 'm really proud to take part . But we do n't want to stop here . We want to carry on and keep this good run going until the end . ' Aaron Ramsey 's 12th-minute strike was enough for Arsenal to earn a 1-0 victory over Burnley on Saturday . The win was Arsenal 's eighth in a row and they kept up the pressure on Premier League leaders Chelsea . If Arsenal manage that , Jose Mourinho might have a far tighter finish to the title race than he could have anticipated a couple of months ago . Wenger has even found his own Claude Makelele in 23-year-old Frenchman Francis Coquelin who sat in front of the back-four and kept Burnley 's chances to a minimum on Saturday . Club legend Thierry Henry even gave him a new nickname ` The Detective ' for the way he sensed danger and snuffed it out . ` I always knew I could do a job for the team . I just needed a chance to show it , ' said Coquelin , who was sent loan to Charlton earlier this season . It 's ironic that having preached the beautiful game for nearly two decades Wenger has finally found a couple of warriors in Laurent Koscielny and Coquelin that hark back to the Tony Adams era . Arsene Wenger 's side face Chelsea in their next home game and have an FA Cup semi-final to look forward to . Even if they ca n't catch Chelsea this time they will fancy a proper tilt at the Premier League next season and by then they might be back-to-back FA Cup winners . They won the trophy last May and face Reading in another semi-final at Wembley on Saturday . ` We have a better balance in the team , ' Wenger said . ` Coquelin contributes to that , Hector Bellerin has come into the team and big players like Koscielny , Giroud and -LRB- Mesut -RRB- Ozil were out for four months in the season . People forget that . ` I also have a quality bench and quality players like Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Mathieu Debuchy who did n't travel . We have a big squad and I think we have quality . ' Francis Coquelin was praised for his performance in midfield with Thierry Henry calling him ` the detective ' 360 - days since Arsenal 's last 1-0 away win in the Premier League . That was in March 2014 against Tottenham when Tomas Rosicky scored the winner . The Arsenal manager is playing down chances of overtaking Chelsea : ` We have to be perfect ' -- but the Emirates will still be buzzing in a fortnight when the top two clash . For Burnley , it will be matches against Hull City , Leicester City and Aston Villa in the next five weeks that determine their Premier League survival prospects rather than this result . Striker Ashley Barnes , who was twice denied an equaliser by goalkeeper David Ospina , said : ` If we could have got something against Arsenal it would have been a bonus . But we get cracking again next weekend against Everton . ' The return of Matt Taylor as a late substitute was also a boost for the Clarets . Taylor has missed eight months with an achilles injury but his experience will be extremely valuable in the run-in .