This is the terrifying moment a woman drives the wrong way down a highway and plows into oncoming traffic in an apparent suicide attempt . Jack Rivera , a New York trucker , captured the collision on his dashcam as he drove along the Interstate 35E in Texas last Wednesday . Footage shows the driver of a black SUV , identified as 49-year-old Laura Michelle Mayeaux , coming off at the 397 exit and veering over to the wrong side of the lane . She then steers head-on into a truck which rolls over on its side with debris flying everywhere . As the back end of the 18-wheeler swings out , it pushes a red pickup truck off course . Thick black skid marks can be seen on the tarmac as smoke fills the air . Rivera told waxahachietx.com that once things came to a standstill he got out of his vehicle to see if he could offer any assistance to the parties involved before authorities arrived . The incident , which occurred just past 6 pm , shut the highway for around two hours . Mayeaux , from Waco , Texas , was transported to Baylor University Medical Center in Dallas because of the injuries she sustained during the wreck . Caught on camera : This is the terrifying moment an intoxicated motorist drives the wrong way on a highway and plows into oncoming traffic in an apparent suicide attempt . Slow down : Jack Rivera , a New York trucker , captured the collision on his dashcam as he drove along the Interstate 35E in Texas last Wednesday . Off course : Footage shows a black SUV coming off at 397 exit and veering over to the wrong side of the lane . Lt. Ron Turbeville , with the Waxahachie police department , said that she was found ` inebriated ' and ` smelling of alcohol ' by medics who pulled her from her crushed Chevrolet Suburban . He added : ` Basically , based off that from the attending paramedics and firefighters , there was enough evidence there to suggest that she was drinking . ` That is the reason why we got a warrant for her blood . ' After undergoing treatment , Mayeaux apparently admitted to police that she was trying to take her own life . She was released from hospital last Friday . In a puff of smoke : Thick black skid marks can be seen on the tarmac as smoke fills the air . Suicide attempt : Police said the driver in the Chevrolet Suburban SUV , identified as 49-year-old Laura Michelle Mayeaux , later admitted she was trying to take her own life . The incident , which took place just past 6 pm , shut down the highway for at least two hours . Paramedics also treated two occupants in the pickup truck and the semi-truck at the scene . It is not known if Mayeaux will face charges and the event remains under investigation . Riveria , who caught the near-fatal crash on his camera , said he remains shaken up by what he saw . He concluded : ` Honestly , I am still a little disturbed by it . ` I have been watching the video quite a bit , wondering why anyone would do something like that . ' • For confidential help , call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-8255 or click here www.suicidepreventionlifeline.org . • For confidential support on suicide matters in the UK , call the Samaritans on 08457 90 90 90 , visit a local Samaritans branch or click here www.samaritans.org .