If it feels as though summer has come early , that 's because we 're already enjoying August temperatures . This week 's remarkable spell of sunshine in southern England is to continue -- and warm up . The temperature in the South is forecast to reach 24C -LRB- 75F -RRB- today and 25C -LRB- 77F -RRB- tomorrow , surpassing the highest seen so far this year , the 21.9 C -LRB- 71.4 F -RRB- recorded in London on Friday . The delightful weather , caused by warm air blowing up from the Azores , is creating conditions we might usually experience in July or August . Scroll down for video . Beach life : People enjoy the weather at Barry Island in south Wales yesterday , as most of England and Wales enjoys warm spring conditions . Sunseekers : People sit on the beach at Barry Island in Wales , as forecasters predicted temperatures could reach 24C by tomorrow . Anyone for cricket ? The action in front of Worcester Cathedral during day two of a match between Worcestershire and Yorkshire yesterday . Unusual sight : A man appears to walk across a rainbow at the beach at Barry Island , near Cardiff in south Wales yesterday . Stunning : A fog bank rolling onto Portsmouth from the Solent , after cool air moved quickly over the surface of the warm water . Britons are so confident of a scorching summer that bookmakers are receiving tens of thousands of pounds in bets on this year breaking records . The record for the hottest day ever in Britain was set more than a decade ago in August 2003 when temperatures hit 38.1 C -LRB- 101F -RRB- in Gravesend , Kent . Coral 's price on this summer being the hottest on record has fallen from 10/1 to 2/1 , while Ladbrokes has 5/6 on this spring being the warmest ever . There has been a surge in bets after the recent warm weather , and William Hill has 8/1 odds that the temperature will exceed 100F -LRB- 37.8 C -RRB- this year . Ladbrokes is also offering 8/1 that the April record of 29.4 C -LRB- 84.9 F -RRB- set in 1949 in Camden , north London , will be broken by the end of the month . The forecast for today is actually warmer than the 18C -LRB- 64F -RRB- average daytime temperature in August , and way ahead of the 11C -LRB- 52F -RRB- normally expected in April . This weekend will be slightly cooler than the dizzy heights expected tomorrow , but the clear skies and above-average temperatures are forecast to last well into next week . Met Office spokesman Laura Young said last night : ` We are expecting some really good temperatures over the next few days . Unless you are in north-west Scotland , which will see quite a lot of rain , it will be dry and sunny . ` On Tuesday we could see 23C to 25C -LRB- 73F to 77F -RRB- in prolonged sunshine . That is double the daytime average for this time of year . ` Wednesday will be 22C to 25C -LRB- 72F to 77F -RRB- or higher in places . Thursday will probably be slightly cooler but still in the high teens . Wednesday warmth : Most of England and Wales will enjoy sunshine over the next few days with temperatures hitting 24C later this week . Peak District awakening : The morning mist looking out across the Derbyshire village of Foolow , near Grindleford , which woke to a frost . Going for a walk : A deer in the morning mist near Foolow in Derbyshire yesterday , as Britons prepared for the warmest weather of the year so far . ` There is a cold air mass arriving on Thursday night but it is expected to stay dry well into next week . After that we can be less certain . ' The spell of warm weather , which has now lasted more than a week , has seen people flocking to the nation 's beaches . Among them were swimmers in the South-West who were stunned to see giant jellyfish in the waters . Barrel jellyfish , which have tentacles up to six feet long , were spotted near Hope Cove in south Devon . The species are usually found in the sunnier climes of the Mediterranean , but the rising temperatures and warmer seas have meant that more plankton becomes available and the jellyfish have headed closer to shore . The species is harmless to humans , but with the weather warming up then other jellyfish could be heading our way . Beachgoers are advised not to touch jellyfish in case they have chanced upon a species with a powerful sting . Devon vet Rupert Kirkwood , whose son Henry had an encounter with one of the jellyfish while kayaking , said : ` No doubt they are encouraged to put in an appearance by the sunny weather . I have never seen them so early in the year . Could be the start of a bumper jellyfish year . ' After the bad smog seen late last week in the South-East , the air will be relatively clear for most parts over the next few days . Poor visibility : A fog-shrouded Brighton seafront yesterday , in stark contrast to yesterday 's sunshine , as more warm temperatures are on the way . Apocalypse wow ! It could be a poster for the 1979 Vietnam War film , but this stunning sunrise , behind dredger Britannia Beaver , painted the skies in Gravesend , Kent . Spectacular start : The sun rises over fishing boats off the North East coast near Cullercoats bay in North Tyneside yesterday morning . Over the water : Sunrise near Cullercoats bay in North Tyneside , as Britain basked in the hottest temperatures of the year so far . But pollution levels will increase again on Thursday and Friday , particularly in the South-West , where Cornwall and Devon are expected to see fumes rise to dangerous levels . The Met Office three-month contingency forecast for public officials predicts that there is an average chance of a warmer than usual summer . But thankfully the chances of it being much colder than usual is just 10 per cent . A spokesman said : ` Unfortunately , the weather we get in April does n't necessarily tell us anything about the kind of summer we can expect . ` We 're still in the midst of spring , so it 's far too early to say what the months of June , July and August may hold . ' Ladbrokes spokesman David Williams said yesterday : ` The money flooding in on weather bets is unusual and has taken us a bit by surprise . ` This is the first time we have seen quite significant sums wagered on this specific bet - so obviously people out there sense something hot is coming . ' And Nicola McGeady from Coral added : ` The British public are obsessed with the weather and that is reflected in the interest in weather betting . ' Hot day : These graphics show the cloud coverage and temperatures tomorrow , with the South East expected to have the best weather . Arriving : The predicted hot weather this week is the result of a plume of warm air heading towards the UK from the south west . Green for cold , red for hot : These graphics from Netweather show the forecast temperatures for tomorrow -LRB- left -RRB- and Wednesday -LRB- right -RRB- . A third of weather bets to Ladbrokes have come from punters in the South East - the area that has enjoyed the best conditions over the past week . And the bookmaker said its biggest bet of the year so far has been £ 1,000 on 2015 to be the hottest year on record at 8/1 - placed in January . Meanwhile , Coral - MailOnline 's official betting partner - said it has even had a request from someone asking to bet on rain every day this summer . The Met Office has confirmed that hotter-than-average temperatures are more than twice as likely than below-average conditions until June . It said in a long-range forecast that ` much of the tropical Pacific Ocean remains warmer than average and close to El Nino thresholds ' . El Nino - the warming of Pacific sea surface temperatures - can trigger drought in south-east Asia and Australia as well as floods in South America . The Met Office says most climate models ` now suggest that sea surface temperatures will exceed El Nino thresholds in late spring or early summer ' . With Britain set to bask in its hottest temperatures of the year so far this week , thousands of parents and children are expected to head to the beach . But firefighters have warned those thinking about stripping off and diving into the water - with more than 650 water-related deaths in the UK in 2013 . The act , known as ` tombstoning ' , can lead to people suffering ` cold water shock ' when the air temperature is much higher than that of the water . London Fire Brigade assistant commissioner Peter Cowup said : ` Rivers , lakes and canals may look inviting , especially on a hot day and after a drink . ` But it 's important to realise that open water has hidden dangers that can hurt you and at worse , kill you . ' On the first-ever Drowning Prevention and Water Safety Week , firefighters added that the 16-30 age group was worst-hit by water deaths in 2013 . Giant jellyfish are being spotted off Britain earlier than normal thanks to the warm weather , it was claimed yesterday . Kayaker Rupert Kirkwood , a seasoned sea watcher , was stunned to see the giant creatures off Hope Cove in Devon . The barrel jellyfish , which have tentacles up to 6ft long , were pictured floating next to Mr Kirkwood 's kayak in the sun-drenched blue waters . Up close : Rupert Kirkwood 's son Henry had this encounter with a barrel jellyfish near Hope Cove off the coast of south Devon . The species are usually found in more tropical areas such as the Mediterranean Sea . But the rising temperatures and warmer seas have meant more plankton is available - and the jellyfish have headed closer to shore . The dustbin lid-shaped species is harmless to humans but with the weather warming up experts say more could be heading our way . Beachgoers are advised not to touch jellyfish in case they have chanced upon a species with a powerful sting . Floating : The dustbin lid-shaped species is harmless to humans but with the weather warming up experts say more could be heading our way . The Red Cross says that anyone who does get stung should not try to use urine to provide relief as the healing properties of this are an urban myth . Vinegar is said to be far more effective . Vet Mr Kirkwood said : ` No doubt they -LSB- are -RSB- encouraged to put in an appearance by the sunny weather . ` I have never seen them so early in the year . Could be the start of a bumper jellyfish year . '