Just over a decade ago Gianfranco Zola was voted the greatest Chelsea player of all time in a poll of the club 's supporters . This may seem a little premature , but as Eden Hazard prepares for to make his 100th Barclays Premier League appearance for Chelsea at QPR on Sunday , the little magician could have a rival in years to come . Hazard is some player , one of the elite in English football with those dazzling runs and the sparkling feet that can open up the best defences in the league . Eden Hazard has developed into one of the world 's best players after flourishing at Chelsea . Hazard has proven himself as a goalscorer and a creator of chances during his time with Chelsea . Hazard celebrates scoring against Hull earlier this season as Chelsea march towards the Premier League title . This season he has been imperious , full of movement and flexibility as Chelsea close in on a double of Capital One Cup and Premier League in Jose Mourinho 's second season back at Stamford Bridge . After Chelsea 's 1-1 draw with Paris Saint-Germain in February at the Parc des Princes , Mourinho demanded more protection from referees for Hazard . Chelsea 's dancing winger is a marked man . The PFA young player of the year had been fouled nine times , with Laurent Blanc 's team taking it in turns to nobble the Chelsea No 10 in the first leg of their Champions League second round tie . He has scored some special goals , 17 so far with another nine assists , as Mourinho 's team close in on a fourth Premier League title in the Abramovich era . On Sunday , April 26 the PFA players ' player of the year award could be his , joining a list of winners that includes Luis Suarez , Gareth Bale , Wayne Rooney , Cristiano Ronaldo , Thierry Henry and his Chelsea team-mate John Terry in recent times . He has grown to love English football , adapting to the demands of the Premier League and the numerous managers he has already played for since his move from Lille in 2012 . Roberto Di Matteo was still Chelsea 's manager when Hazard tweeted that he was joining ` this season 's Champions League winner ' ahead of his £ 32million move from France . He made an impressive start in the Premier League , assisting the opening goal for Chelsea in the 2-0 victory at Wigan and winning the penalty for Frank Lampard to convert at the DW Stadium . Hazard joined Chelsea from Lille for £ 32million in 2012 after the Blues beat a host to clubs to his signature . Hazard was involved in a controversial incident at Swansea when he kicked the ball as it lay under the ball boy . Hazard was sent off after the ball-boy incident as Chelsea were beaten in the Capital One Cup semi-final . Hazard , his wife Natasha and their kids enjoy some off time at Disneyland Paris . Di Matteo loved him as a player and he went through a notable dip in form when the European Cup-winning coach was fired after the 4-1 defeat against Juventus in the Champions League . A few months later he was sent off when he infamously wrestled with a ball-boy during Chelsea 's Capital One Cup semi-final defeat against Swansea City at the Liberty Stadium . He finished the season with a Europa League medal after Chelsea 's victory over Benfica the Amsterdam ArenA , but it is the arrival of Mourinho that has transformed his game . Last season there was a period of frustration among Chelsea 's first team players because they shared the view of the coach that they had signed a world class talent . Despite his ability he was often one of the first to leave after training , heading home to his family - wife Natasha and their two young children , after a quick shower and lunch with his team-mates . Slowly he has bought into dressing room culture . There is a ruthless streak about him these days and Mourinho , to his credit , drew it out of him after meeting Hazard 's father , along with his lawyer , after Belgium 's disappointing World Cup in Brazil . Hazard has grown in stature since he was handed Juan Mata 's old No 10 shirt , requesting the jersey after the winger left for Manchester United in January 2014 . The No 10 shirt is also the number of his hero Zinedine Zidane , the player a young Hazard idolised when he was making his way through Belgian football before his move to Lille . In recent times he has been encouraged to drift across the front three positions , interchanging with Oscar -LRB- in the centre -RRB- and Willian -LRB- on the right -RRB- when it takes his fancy . Hazard helped Chelsea win the Europa League under Rafa Benitez when they beat Benfica in the final . Hazard , pictured alongside Luis Suarez , was named the PFA Young Player of the Year last season . Hazard added a second trophy to his Chelsea collection this season when the Blues won the Capital One Cup . Jose Mourinho transformed Hazard 's game after he suffered a dip following the departure of Roberto Di Matteo . Mourinho poses with Hazard after he was named Chelsea 's Player of the Year last season . He is the focal point of Chelsea 's attack , a willing outlet with a first touch that you can melt when he takes it on the instep of his right boot . He has been scoring goals again , adding to his tally this season in recent weeks with strikes for club and country as the season hurtles towards the finish line . At 24 he is maturing nicely , a humble man who impressed Chelsea 's hierarchy during the complex negotiations over a new contract towards the end of last year . He has never been responsible for the glut of stories linking him with a move back to France to play for Paris Saint-Germain and he consistently told the club that he was willing to remain at Stamford Bridge . Hazard 's contract talks were reminiscent of Gary Neville at Manchester United , leaving it with the club to determine the terms on his new five-year contract . Chelsea settled on £ 200,000 a week . To those who know him , he speaks of trophies and a hunger to be remembered as a player who contributed to one of the most successful periods in Chelsea 's history . Given time , he could even be remembered as the very best . Hazard recently signed a bumper new five-year deal at Chelsea worth £ 200,000 a week . In Hazard , Gianfranco Zola may soon have a rival as Chelsea 's greatest ever player .