Just days before convicted drug smuggler Andrew Chan is set to face death by firing squad , reports have emerged that he has married his girlfriend of three years , Febyanti Herewila . According to a family friend of Chan 's , the pair wed inside the chapel at Besi Prison on Nusakambangan Island on Monday with immediate family present . This comes just months after the Bali Nine ringleader proposed to his girlfriend while he was still at Kerobokan Prison in February . Scroll down for video . Andrew Chan -LRB- left , pictured with Myuran Sukumaran -RRB- has married his fiance Febyanti Herewila at Besi Prison on Nusakambangan Island . Febyanti , known as Feby , is pictured here on Sunday before her visit to the island where Chan is being held . According to Chan 's family the pair wed inside the chapel at Besi Prison on Nusakambangan Island on Monday . Febyanti -LRB- left -RRB- with Chan 's brother Michael -LRB- right -RRB- accepted her now husband 's marriage proposal in February . Febyanti immediately accepted his proposal , despite the fact that she knew he was condemned to death by Indonesian president Joko Widodo . Febyanti and Chan met each other in Kerobokan prison in 2012 after a friend introduced the pair . The Indonesian had been visiting the prison as part of her role as a pastor and Chan was carrying out theological studies in the hope of becoming a minister . Since then they have dreamed of his release , even talking about plans to have children together one day . Salvation Army minister and family friend David Soper officiated the wedding . Mr Soper has also been asked by Chan to be his religious adviser in his final hours and witness his execution . Fairfax Media report that when Attorney General H.M. Prasetyo first heard Chan 's request to get married , he thought it was a joke . ` There was a wish from Andrew Chan , which I thought was n't serious and was n't the last wish , but it turned out to be serious . He wanted to be tied in matrimony with his girlfriend , ' Mr Prasetyo told detik.com . ` He 's been in isolation so I thought he was n't serious . ' On Sunday Chan 's final wish to spend his last days at church with his family was granted . Indonesian lawyer Todung Mulya Lubis displays a self-portrait painting made by Australian drug convict and death row prisoner Myuran Sukumaran , entitled ` the second last day ' Andrew Chan 's mother Helen -LRB- centre -RRB- is seen here with the pair 's Australian lawyer Julian McMahon -LRB- right -RRB- on Sunday . Michael Chan , brother to Andrew , arrives at the port authority office at Wijaya Pura port in Cilacap , Central Java on Monday . Sukumaran 's sister Brintha -LRB- centre -RRB- also look distraught ahead of her journey to visit her brother for what could be one of the last times . This week Chan and Myuran Sukumaran were served their execution notices and are set to be executed at the stroke of midnight on Wednesday -LRB- 3 am AEST -RRB- . Sukumaran has requested to spend his last days before his execution painting for as long as possible , and has vowed to stare down executioners when he 's dragged into the jungle . He has painted a series of haunting self-portraits over the past few days , with titles such as ` The Second Last Day ' and '72 hrs just started ' . They show him looking distraught , while one particularly harrowing artwork has a gaping hole in Sukumaran 's heart . Meantime fellow drug smuggler Andrew Chan hopes to spend his last moments at church with his family . Myuran Sukumaran 's mother Raji visited her son on ` death island ' on Monday ahead of his planned execution on Wednesday morning . With her was her other son Chintu , Myuran 's brother . Lawyer Julian McMahon escorted the families of the two Bali Nine drug smugglers to see the pair . There were devastating scenes at Nusakambangan on Monday , as the pair 's family and lawyer Julian McMahon visited the death row inmates . Chan and Sukumaran both refused to sign their execution warrants during official proceedings on Saturday , saying they believed it would be unjust to kill them . Chan and Sukumaran , convicted in 2005 for their role in a plot to smuggle 8.3 kg of heroin from Bali to Australia , were given the official 72 hours notice on Saturday . Families of both the men visited them in prison on Monday , and were told they will have to say their final goodbyes on Tuesday . Andrew Chan 's mother was in tears as she boarded a ferry to ` death island ' with the Bali Nine pair 's Australian lawyer Julian McMahon . Sukumaran 's sister Brintha also look distraught ahead of her journey to visit her brother for what could be one of the last times .