Travelling can be tiring , especially if there are many flights involved and jet lag . However for one sleepy explorer , a trip of a lifetime to witness the Amazon Rainforest seemed to be all too much - that or he was completely uninterested in the adventurous trips he was booked on . Redditor Roxambops , aka Roxy de la Rosa posted the pictures of dozing Alex Elenes on the social networking site this week with the caption : ` Went to the Amazon , cousin slept everywhere . ' Meet Alex Elenes . The traveller went on a trip of a lifetime to see the Amazon rainforest ... but he missed the whole thing being asleep ! Dozing away ! Even a trip piranha fishing could not stir the slumberer from his nap . Incredible nature moments the traveller missed due to napping include a pink dolphin watching tour and even a nail-biting piranha fishing expedition . Sadly he even missed seeing adorable sloths and monkeys in the wild , and impressive giant Amazon lily pads . When action was required of him , and he was due to take an intrepid jungle hike , naturally he slept through his alarm and missed the whole thing . The pictures were captured by his cousin Roxy de la Rosa who posted them on Reddit . Cousin Roxy said that her slumbering companion had been the one to push for the trip and that he chose the trip over going to Machu Picchu since he was set on seeing the jungle . The bemused San Diego said : ` He had no real reason to keep falling asleep ; he also slept any time we we were in our room . ` Our trip was to Iquitos , Peru , for a few days at the end of February , and cost around £ 1,000 -LRB- $ 1,600 -RRB- just for the Amazon addition . ' The sleeper had pushed for the trip , and said he was keen to see the Amazon rainforest in particular as he had already been to Machu Picchu , the alternative trip . Alex is said to be bemused at his new found internet fame , following the pictures going viral on the site . Roxy said : ` He 's surprised anyone else thinks it 's funny besides us . ` My favourite thing is that his biggest fear is falling out of a moving car while sleeping , yet he was fine napping on a tiny boat in the giant Amazon river . ' Expensive sleep ! The trip cost Alex upwards of £ 1,000 -LRB- $ 1,600 -RRB- and he even missed getting up for the jungle trek completely .