A swimming pool on the banks of the Thames is one step closer to becoming a reality following lobbying by celebrity backers - with David Walliams saying he will be the first to take a dip . In two years the Thames Bath Lido , which will sit near Blackfriars Bridge , should open with the backing of a recently launched crowdfunding project . The plans have moved far quicker than an initial ten-year initiative to clean up the Thames for swimmers with the aid of celebrities such as artist Tracy Emin and David Walliams . In two years the Thames Bath Lido , which will sit near Blackfriars Bridge , should open with the backing of a recently launched crowdfunding project . Floated in 2013 the original idea was conceived by three Londoners who dreamt of bringing the beautiful lakes of Zurich to the capital . James Lowe -LRB- left -RRB- , Chris Romer-Lee -LRB- centre -RRB- and Matt Bamford-Bowes -LRB- right -RRB- originally thought up the Thames Lido . Walliams has said if the water is clean enough he will be the first to jump in . The Little Britain star has been a vocal champion of open-water swimming since he crossed the English Channel unaided for charity in 2006 . He also did a 140-mile charity swim of the Thames in 2011 . Tracy Emin said she could n't believe how underused the Thames is adding ` If you could swim in the Thames , it 'd be incredible ' Professional bodies such as the Royal Academy of Arts , New London Architecture and many others have also pledged their support for the scheme . The plan is to incorporate two pools , a 25 meter lap pool and a training pool . The baths will also be heated to make them available for use all year around . Founder of the Kickstarter campaign to launch the lido , Chris Romer-Lee said ` Ever since we first sketched out the original concept for Thames Baths , we have always wanted to build something that benefited the community and allowed them to participate in its creation . ` The latter is one of the reasons why we are launching crowdfunding on Kickstarter . We want Londoners , swimmers and anyone passionate about urban waterways to show their support for this project and what better way than a very public campaign . ' David Walliams , here pictured swimming the Thames in 2011 , has said he will be the first to jump in the new pool . The plan is to incorporate two pools , a 25 meter lap pool and a training pool . The baths will also be heated to make them available for use all year around . The two year plan will include a sophisticated filtration system that would turn the fuel drenched Thames into crystal clear water for anyone swimming in the lido . Floated in 2013 the original idea was conceived by three Londoners who dreamt of bringing the beautiful lakes of Zurich to the capital . The original plan was to create a lido that was n't just for swimmers , but one that would benefit the local community while also creating a haven for wildlife . The two year plan will include a sophisticated filtration system that would turn the fuel drenched Thames into crystal clear water for anyone swimming in the lido . The local community is set to be a part of the vision of the project too . The facility will be run as a social enterprise rather than a company dictated by profit . A public space created for the people that use it . Thames Baths , the Community Interest Company behind the scheme , is hoping to promote the use of the new Lido to local schools and the elderly . The crowdfunding scheme is hoping to raise a total of £ 125,000 within 30 days and a donation of £ 50 will entitle members to 12 swims . Pledging £ 5,000 will give investors a year 's access to the lido and an opportunity to overview the development project . To donate to the Thames Bath Lido , click here . Thames Baths , the Community Interest Company behind the scheme , is hoping to promote the use of the new Lido to local schools and the elderly .