A Missouri mother believes her three-year-old daughter with special needs was discriminated against after finding out the child was forced to take off her thick glasses for a school portrait . Abby Lubiewski was born with Hallerman-Streiff , a rare genetic syndrome that resulted in congenital cataracts . She can only perceive light and dark when she 's not wearing her specs . ` She has no vision at all without her glasses , ' her mother Amanda Lubiewski told Fox 2 Now . When Lubiewski received her daughter Abby 's photographs , she immediately saw that her child 's smile was strained . Scroll down for video . Abby Lubiewski 's mother Amanda was outraged after finding out her three-year-old daughter with special needs was forced to take her thick glasses off for school picture day . When Lubiewski received her daughter Abby 's photographs , she immediately saw that her child 's smile was strained and said it was because Abby ` could n't see ' ` I knew then that she could n't see , ' she said . ` And I could n't quite comprehend what would be going through someone 's mind to ask her to take those off . ' Lubiewski wrote a post on Facebook about how her daughter ` loves her glasses ' and ` needs them to function to the best of her ability , ' Yahoo! Parenting reported . ` She is a strong , confident girl and deserves to show off every beautiful part of her , including her glasses . ' Lubiewski said that when Abby saw her school photo she asked , ` What happened to my glasses ? ' But the mother was even more concerned knowing that official school portraits are released to the public if a child goes missing . ` This is very unsafe for her , ' she told Fox 2 Now . ` Her picture does n't look like her without glasses . ' When Lubiewski found out other children at Abby 's school were allowed to wear their glasses for the photographs , she felt her daughter had been discriminated against . Abby was born with Hallerman-Streiff , a rare genetic syndrome that resulted in congenital cataracts . She can only perceive light and dark when she 's not wearing her specs and ` has no vision at all without her glasses ' Lubiewski was even more concerned knowing that police release official school portraits to the public if a child goes missing . ` This is very unsafe for her , ' she said . ` Her picture does n't look like her without glasses ' Lubiewski contacted LifeTouch School Photography on Facebook and told them ` how disrespectful ' the family thought it was for the company to treat Abby ` differently than other children in the school ' . ` Photographers for school pictures need to be trained on how to capture each unique child , ' she wrote on Facebook . ` Even those with disabilities . ' Lubiewski said other photographers in the past have been able to work around the glare Abby 's thick specs can sometimes cause for the camera . Two pictures of Abby wearing glasses were taken by the photographer , but she was n't looking at the camera . ` It 's not just about getting a cute picture of her , ' the mother said . ` It 's how she was treated , and how it seems like she was treated differently because there was a part of her that was difficult to photograph . ' LifeTouch School Photography has since apologized to the family . ` We should have never had your daughter remove her glasses for the photo , ' the company said to the family . ` We do not tolerate discrimination of any kind on our team . ' Abby will get another chance to have her school picture free of charge on Monday after LifeTouch offered to re-take it . LifeTouch School Photography has apologized to the family and will re-take Abby 's school picture for free .