Italian goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon has been plying his trade in Serie A for the best part of 20 years and has graced the same field as some of the world 's best . A seven-time Scudetto winner with Juventus , Buffon has played with the likes of Andrea Pirlo , Paval Nedved and Lilian Thuram . Here , Buffon recalls the great names he played alongside and against and explains why they 've made his Champions League dream team . Legendary Juventus goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon has picked his Champions League dream team . GOALKEEPER . Iker Casillas . Thomas N'Kono was who I grew up admiring , but from my generation , Iker Casillas is one of the few goalkeeping greats . There has always been a mutual respect between us . Real Madrid goalkeeper Iker Casillas lifts the Champions League trophy after victory against Atletico Madrid . DEFENCE . Roberto Carlos . I have had to make saves from him , and it 's hard to explain how hard he can hit the ball . He is so dangerous from defence . Roberto Carlos , pictured holding the Champions League trophy in 2000 , makes Buffon 's team . Paolo Maldini . Every kid who says they want to be a defender should be made to sit there and watch old videos of Maldini . Former AC Milan captain Paolo Maldini won the Champions League on five occasions during his career . Fabio Cannavaro . I still have not forgiven him for beating me for European player in 2006 . I am kidding , only he deserved it that year ; he was the best defender in the world . Fabio Cannavaro , pictured kissing the Ballon d'Or trophy in November 2006 , lines up in Buffon 's defence . Lilian Thuram . We joined Juventus in the same summer . He had such power and aggression in his play , but was also so classy . Buffon hailed former Juve defender Lilian Thuram for his ` power and aggression ' MIDFIELD . Andrea Pirlo . One of the real footballing geniuses . It 's entertaining to watch team 's plans to stop him , and in a second he just destroys their plan with brilliance . Italian midfielder Andrea Pirlo is a ` footballing genius ' according to his Juve team-mate Buffon . Gennaro Gattuso . A good friend , but a beast to have in any team . He was the best in his position . Gennaro Gattusso , seen here playing for AC Milan against Arsenal in 2008 , features in Buffon 's midfield . Pavel Nedved . So loyal to Juventus after their relegation , and at that point in his career he could have played for any club in Europe . Pavel Nedved made 247 appearances for Juve during a glittering career with the Serie A side . ATTACK . Lionel Messi . When he is playing at a 100 per cent , you can forget about playing against him . It is just a wonder to watch him and see what he can do . Barcelona star Lionel Messi has won three Champions League titles with the Catalan giants . Roberto Baggio . I was 17 and made my debut against Baggio which was daunting . Along with Pirlo , he is the best Italian player of the last 30 years . Roberto Baggio scored 27 goals in 56 appearances for Italy and makes Buffon 's all-time XI . Ronaldo -LRB- Brazilian -RRB- . The best I have ever played against , if it was n't for injury I think he would be talked about on same level as Pele and Diego Maradona . Former Real Madrid striker Ronaldo leads the line in Buffon 's Champions League dream team -LRB- right -RRB- .