Put away the flip flops and the sunglasses , as an Arctic airmass is on the way . After one of the warmest Aprils on record , there will be a dramatic change next week with temperatures set to fall by around ten degrees . The plunge means Britain will go from being hotter than Turkey and Ibiza to colder than Moscow , Stockholm and Finland in a matter of days . It also threatens to cause a wet and miserable time for the thousands of runners taking part in Sunday 's London Marathon . Scroll down for video . Red sky in the morning , shepherd 's warning : Forecasters predict that temperatures are set to plunge by 10C . People were making the most of the sunshine outside Exeter Cathedral before the Arctic airmass arrives . Britain is set to go from being hotter than Turkey and Ibiza to colder than Moscow , Stockholm and Finland in a matter of days . The Met Office has forecast rain through the morning in the capital with the chance of thunderstorms and heavy downpours early on . According to forecasters we will begin to see the Arctic airmass , also known as a polar maritime mass , on Saturday after it has blasted over from Iceland . ` It is going to be increasingly unsettled and colder across the nation over the coming week , ' said Laura Young spokesperson for the Met Office . ` We have had a three week period of glorious sunshine and people get used to it , this will be a shock to the system . ` There are people in Devon wearing flip flops at the moment and next week they will need to bring their boots back out . ' The grim forecast comes after Britain basked in what looked to be one of the warmest Aprils on record . After temperatures rocketed into the 70s , they were expected to dip to around 8C -LRB- 46F -RRB- in the north and between 12C -LRB- 53F -RRB- and 14C -LRB- 57F -RRB- in the south . Overnight they may also plummet to below zero across the country , experts warned . Enjoy it while it lasts : Torrential rain , thunder and even hail have been predicted by forecasters . Piers Corbyn , forecaster for WeatherAction , said : ` Next week is certainly going feel like a return winter and will be very different to the warm weather we have just had . ` A cold plunge is on the way again the result of this wildly deviating jet stream which has led to ups and downs in the weather through the first part of this year . ` It is set to nosedive southwards again opening the gates to cold air from the north , a very chilly end to April is likely . '