Richard Hammond has ruled out returning to Top Gear , becoming the final presenter to leave the motoring show as he vowed : ` I wo n't quit my mates ' . In yet another major blow to the BBC , the presenter took to Twitter to reveal he would not be returning to the hugely-popular series . The announcement came as the show 's former executive producer Andy Wilman launched a scathing attack on ` meddling BBC executives ' in a Top Gear Magazine editorial , published today . Yesterday , Mr Wilman , who is a childhood friend of Clarkson , sensationally quit the Corporation - fuelling speculation that the team is gearing up to launch a similar show with a rival broadcaster . The men were also seen holding talks at Clarkson 's west London home , in their first public appearance since the presenter was axed from the show over a ` fracas ' with a producer . Later last night , Clarkson was seen enjoying a drink with friends in a west London pub . Scroll down for video . Richard Hammond -LRB- pictured meeting his former co-stars yesterday -RRB- has ruled out returning to Top Gear , becoming the final presenter to leave the motoring show . Hammond took to Twitter to announce that he would not ` quit my mates ' Jeremy Clarkson and James May . Jeremy Clarkson was seen out for a drink with friends last night , stopping at pub in west London after meeting with former Top Gear co-presenters Richard Hammond and James May , as well as producer Andy Wilman . Clarkson -LRB- seen enjoying a drink with a group yesterday evening -RRB- and Mr Wilman were put under pressure to hire a female presenter in 2002 by the BBC , the producer said . Mr Wilman -LRB- pictured with Clarkson , Hammond and May yesterday -RRB- has launched a scathing attack on the ` meddling ' BBC just a day after he quit the show . Following the spate of high-profile announcements , Hammond today broke his silence , tweeting : ` To be clear amidst all this talk of us ` quitting ' or not : there 's nothing for me to ` quit ' . Not about to quit my mates anyway . ' Top Gear Magazine , which is owned by BBC Worldwide , today published an editorial by Mr Wilman , in which the producer branded the decision to sack Clarkson a ` tragedy ' . He said : ` -LSB- The BBC -RSB- has n't just lost a man who can hold viewers ' attention in front of a camera , it 's lost a journalist who could use the discipline of print training to focus on what mattered and what did n't , it 's lost an editorial genius who could look at an existing structure and then smash it up and reshape it in a blaze of light bulb moments ' . He said chiefs at the corporation also originally vetoed hiring May , claiming the three were all ` middle-class public-schoolish blokes of a similar age ' . The astonishing feature ends speculation as to the reasons behind Mr Wilman 's decision to quit the BBC - which was announced by corporation bosses yesterday evening . Mr Wilman also criticised attempts by the BBC to second-guess decisions about Top Gear 's return in 2002 despite not being interested in the show 's subject matter . He said : ` The BBC grown-ups were adamant a woman should be in the line-up . ` Now , I 'm a big , big fan of the Beeb , but , my God , do they stretch your patience when they start `` applying their marketing logic '' , or to use another word , meddling . Clarkson - who is a childhood friend of Mr Wilman - and his friends appeared to be reading something in the pub . Night out : Clarkson -LRB- pictured at the pub last night -RRB- was sacked from the BBC after his ` fracas ' with Top Gear producer Oisin Tymon . Mr Wilman , who is a childhood friend of Clarkson -LRB- pictured with Hammond and May yesterday -RRB- , also branded the BBC 's decision to sack the presenter a ` tragedy ' Mr Wilman said the BBC originally vetoed having Clarkson , Hammond -LRB- pictured shaking hands yesterday -RRB- and May as the Top Gear line-up . ` Their theory behind a female presenter was that if you want women to watch something , you need women presenting it . ` The problem was that most of the grown-ups in the BBC management did n't care about the car world , and basically there 's this weird logic whereby the less their interest is in the subject , the greater their compulsion becomes to meddle . ' Mr Wilman sensationally resigned from the BBC yesterday , following a meeting with the three former presenters at Clarkson 's flat in west London . It means he is now free to reunite with the team on a rival channel , in what would be a nightmare scenario for the corporation . Clarkson , who presented the original Top Gear series up until 2001 , and Mr Wilman auditioned a series of women for the role but eventually refused to compromise on their vision of their programme . The producer said : ` -LSB- We -RSB- had already started to realise that bloke banter was going to become an important part of the show ' . They pitched the new-look programme to Jane Root , then head of BBC2 , as a ` journey into that massive black hole that is the male brain ' , complete with all-male presenting line up . Root , who now runs an independent production company , said she had no problem with the lack of a woman , which Mr Wilman said displays ` a classic case of BBC management playing their favourite game of Second Guess The Person In The Bigger Office . ' Even after winning this battle , the pair faced further problems trying to hire the team they wanted . The BBC said the Clarkson , 55 , Hammond , 45 , and May , 52 , were ` a bit cheese and cheese ' , meaning they were too similar in age and background . Bosses blocked May 's appointment , instead opting for Jason Dawe , who Mr Wilman points out ` was fairly middle-class and of a similar age ' . He was replaced by May the following series . Mr Wilman , a childhood friend of Clarkson -LRB- pictured meeting yesterday -RRB- , said the BBC pressured the pair to hire a female presenter . Clarkson , Hammond and May could reunite with Wilman to start a new motoring show on a different channel . The producer -LRB- left -RRB- said there was also a dispute over whether The Stig -LRB- right -RRB- should be named The Gimp , but this was with with racing driver Perry McCarthy . The original idea was to call him ` The Gimp ' after the sex slave character in film Pulp Fiction but Mr Wilman revealed that McCarthy , who was the first person to take on the mantle of The Stig , insisted on this being changed . Yesterday , May ruled out returning to Top Gear without Clarkson , insisting it would be ` lame ' with a new presenter in place of his sacked co-host . The 52-year-old said the BBC would be ` stupid ' to try a version of the programme with ` a surrogate Jeremy ' , Hammond and himself - adding that the idea was a ` non-starter ' . His comments mean that if the show does return next year , it will likely be with an entirely new presenting team . Both May and Hammond saw their contracts finish last month . May told The Guardian : ` Me and Hammond with a surrogate Jeremy is a non-starter , it just would n't work . That would be lame , or `` awks '' as young people say . ` It has to be the three of us . You ca n't just put a surrogate Jeremy in and expect it to carry on . It would be forced . I do n't believe they would be stupid enough to try that . ` It does n't mean I wo n't go back - we may all go back in the future . It might just be we have a break from it . I do n't know . It would be a bloody tough call to do Top Gear without Jeremy . ' Former X Factor host Dermot O'Leary , model Jodie Kidd and Great British Bake Off host Sue Perkins have all been named as possible replacements for Clarkson . Speaking after the meeting yesterday , May said he had just been ` having a pint ' with his co-stars and Mr Wilman , adding that he still did n't know what he would do in the future . While the three presenters have all now left Top Gear , they will still reunite for their live stadium tour later this year - now called Clarkson , Hammond & May Live . A BBC spokeswoman said : ` These comments from Andy Wilman were made in an article published last week before his resignation . Furthermore , the comments refer to events more than a decade ago . ' DERMOT O'LEARY -LRB- 6/4 -RRB- . Bookmakers ' favourite O'Leary , 41 , is currently being lined up to host a different prime-time BBC One motoring show - after ending his eight-year stint as host of ITV 's The X Factor last month . PHILIP GLENISTER -LRB- 11/4 -RRB- . Car enthusiast Glenister , 52 , known for playing a politically-incorrect police detective in TV series Life on Mars , is presenting the second series of For the Love of Cars on Channel 4 . JODIE KIDD -LRB- 5/1 -RRB- . The 36-year-old model owns a number of cars , co-presents The Classic Car Show on Channel 5 and achieved one of the fastest lap times as a Top Gear ` Star in a Reasonably-Priced Car ' . GUY MARTIN -LRB- 13/2 -RRB- . The 33-year-old motorcycle star made Channel 4 programme Speed , and said last month : ` I do n't want to try and be the man who replaced Jeremy Clarkson , but never say never . ' Favourites : Presenter Dermot O'Leary , actor Philip Glenister , model Jodie Kidd and motorcyclist Guy Martin . CHRIS EVANS -LRB- 8/1 -RRB- . BBC Radio 2 host Evans , 49 , another well-known car enthusiast , has been tipped as a favourite - but told listeners last month that claims he would replace Clarkson were ` absolute nonsense ' . SUE PERKINS -LRB- 10/1 -RRB- . Great British Bake Off host Sue Perkins , 45 , was named as the favourite a fortnight ago , but this prompted a barrage of abusive tweets from ` blokes wishing me dead ' , which saw her quit Twitter . STEPHEN FRY -LRB- 14/1 -RRB- . QI presenter Stephen Fry , 57 , has appeared on Top Gear twice - but has been repeatedly prosecuted for speeding and managed to crash and write off the Reasonably-Priced Car . STEVE COOGAN -LRB- 14/1 -RRB- . A tongue-in-cheek petition signed by more than 34,000 people is calling on the BBC to hire fictional broadcaster Alan Partridge - played by 49-year-old Coogan - as the new presenter . Fifth to eight : Chris Evans , Sue Perkins , Stephen Fry and Steve Coogan are also said to be in the running . Odds supplied by bookmaker Paddy Power .