Tim Tebow will sign with the Philadelphia Eagles on Monday , just in time for the off-season program , ESPN 's Adam Schefter reports . The agreement with Tebow , 27 , stemming from a framework that was put into place when he worked out with the team last month , has been finalized , reports say . Tebow 's last regular-season NFL game appearance was in December 2012 with the New York Jets , from which he was released in 2013 having thrown only eight passes and run just 32 times in his lone season on the team . Scroll down for video . Tim Tebow will sign as a quarterback with the Philadelphia Eagles on Monday , ESPN 's Adam Schefter reported . He will join the team just in time for the start of the off-season program . Though Tebow has n't been a part of an NFL organization since 2013 , he spent the last two season training with noted throwing coach Tom House , who also worked with New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady . The New England Patriots made Tebow one of their final roster cuts in 2013 and he spent last year as a college gridiron television commentator when no NFL team wanted him . Prior to agreeing to sign Tebow , the Eagles wanted to trade backup quarterback Matt Barkley , but could n't get enough in return , Schefter said in a Facebook post . The Eagles decided to still bring Tebow on to the roster so he could be present for the team 's whole off-season program . It was originally reported after his training session with the Eagles that Tebow would not be joining the team . But now he will join a crowded quarterback roster , which included Sam Bradford , March Sanchez and Barkley . Tim Tebow 's last regular-season NFL game was with the New York Jets in 2012 . Not only will this give Philadelphia three former first-round picks at the quarterback position and another decorated college player , but it will also reunited Tebow and Sanchez , who were teammates when they both were on the Jets roster . Tebow 's pursuit of being an NFL quarterback is back on , after being on hold since being cut from the Patriots . ` I will remain in relentless pursuit of continuing my lifelong dream of being an NFL quarterback , ' Tebow wrote on Twitter after he was released by New England , according to Schefter . Since then , Tebow spent two full seasons training with noted throwing coach Tom House , who also worked with New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady . He has also been working for ESPN and as an analyst for the SEC Network . Tebow has an 8-6 record as an NFL starting quarterback with a career 48-per cent completion rate for 2,422 yards with 17 touchdowns and nine interceptions . Philadelphia Eagles coach Chip Kelly has made several off-season moves this year . His remake of the Eagles ' roster has included trading star running back LeSean McCoy to Buffalo , then signing Offensive Player of the Year DeMarco Murray to replace him . Clearly , Kelly - who took over personnel duties after last season - is unafraid to look anywhere for possible upgrades . Although Tebow had some success in Denver , his inaccurate passing and lack of pocket presence has plagued him in the NFL . His strength has been running the ball or improvising .