As the sun sets on the Saharan desert , its colours cast a glow on its vast sand dunes causing rainbow light to dance across the landscape . And Nasa has captured how this stunning show appears from space using its Landsat 7 satellite . It shows ` ribbons ' of sand and patterned stripes known as linear dunes in the Erg Chech , a desolate sand sea in southwestern Algeria - but the exact cause of these longitudinal structures is not known . Linear dunes , like these captured by Nasa 's Landsat 7 satellite , are straight ridges of sand that have been known to measure as long as 99 miles -LRB- 160 km -RRB- . This image shows ` ribbons ' of sand and patterned stripes in an area known as the Erg Chech , a desolate sand sea in southwestern Algeria - but the exact cause of these longitudinal structures is not known . The image was spotted by io9 and the colours were caused as rays of sunlight hit the sand and were reflected off . Linear dunes are straight ridges of sand that have been known to measure as long as 99 miles -LRB- 160 km -RRB- . Ridges are categorised as linear when they are significantly longer than they are wide , and they occur on isolated ridges of dunes as well as , more commonly , as sets of parallel ridges separated by miles of sand and gravel . Linear dunes are straight ridges of sand that have been known to measure as long as 99 miles -LRB- 160 km -RRB- . Ridges are categorised as linear when they are significantly longer than they are wide , and they occur on isolated ridges of dunes as well as , more commonly , as sets of parallel ridges separated by miles of sand , gravel . The dunes have also been known to merge and form so-called ` Y-shaped compound dunes ' , and the formation of these patterns are caused by the wind and movement of sand . But exactly how this wind movement forms the structures is disputed . The dunes have also been known to merge and form so-called ` Y-shaped compound dunes ' , and the formation of these patterns are caused by the wind and movement of sand . But exactly how this wind movement forms the structures is disputed . One theory , suggested by Steven Hanna in 1969 in his Formation of Longitudinal Sand Dunes by Large Helical Eddies in the Atmosphere paper , is that linear dunes are created by helical roll vortices . These are long rolls of air that spiral , or rotate one way before rotating another . They are commonly seen in clouds , creating what 's known as ` cloud streets ' that appear as cumulus-type clouds . As the wind moves and switches direction it causes the sand to move accordingly and create grooves and ridges in the sand . ` The dunes are aligned in the direction of the prevailing wind and are spaced 1.2 miles -LRB- 2 km apart -RRB- ' , explained Professor Hanna . ` Observations in the atmosphere and in the laboratory indicate that dominant forms of motion in the boundary layer of the atmosphere are counter-rotating helical roll vortices aligned along the wind . ` The necessary conditions for the formation of these roll vortices are fulfilled over large deserts and their spacings agree with the observed spacings of the dunes . ' One theory , suggested by Steven Hanna in 1969 , is that the linear dunes are created by helical roll vortices -LRB- illustrated left -RRB- . These are long rolls of air that spiral , or rotate one way before rotating another . They are commonly seen in clouds , creating what 's known as ` cloud streets ' that appear as cumulus-type clouds align to be parallel to the wind -LRB- illustrated right -RRB- . In his book , Geomorphology of Desert Dunes , Nicholas Lancaster from the Desert Research Institute argues that this theory has its flaws . He said Professor Hanna compared data on the spacing of linear dunes with the expected dimensions of helical roll vortices in subtropical desert areas , concluding their ` probable wavelength was 1.9 miles to 3.7 miles -LRB- 2 km to 6 km -RRB- . ' But measured dimensions of roll vortices indicate their wavelength ranges between less than 50 metres and 31 miles -LRB- 15 km -RRB- . ` The observed scale of helical roll vortices is in many cases much larger than average dune spacing , suggesting that linear dunes are not the product of such atmospheric motions , ' explained Mr Lancaster . ` Evidence for the existence of helical roll vortices in linear dune landscapes is slight . The theory is attractive but there is little empirical data to support it in dune area . ' Ridges are categorised as linear when they are significantly longer than they are wide , and they occur on isolated ridges of dunes as well as sets of parallel ridges separated by miles of sand and gravel . Linear dunes in the Namib Naukluft National Park , Namibia are shown . The dunes have also been known to merge and form so-called ` Y-shaped compound dunes ' , and patterns are caused by the wind and movement of sand . Another theory believes Barchan evolution may play a role . ` Barchans ' are crescent-shaped sand dunes -LRB- top left -RRB- that form in regions where there is almost unidirectional wind . If windblown sand comes from one direction , a dune will be a crescent-shaped barchan but if winds switch direction seasonally they become linear -LRB- pictured left centre and in Morocco right -RRB- . While in the ` Formation of the complex linear dunes in the central Taklimakan sand sea , China ' study , Chinese researcher Xunming Wang and his colleagues said that in the case of ` complex ' linear dunes - that are a combination of two shapes - the theory of Barchan evolution may play a role . ` Barchans ' are crescent-shaped sand dunes that form in regions where there is almost unidirectional wind . The shapes depend on the wind 's direction , and if windblown sand comes from one direction , for example , a dune will be a crescent-shaped barchan but if winds switch direction seasonally - coming from the southwest for half the year and from the southeast for the other half , for instance - this dune will be linear . If wind direction is more varied , star-shaped dunes appear . The Erg Chech features both compound and complex linear , as well as star dunes . Erg ' comes from the Arabic word for ` field of sand dunes ' Mr Wang said : ` Complex linear dune formation is shown to have five stages . ` Analysis clearly shows that under the control of wind regime , sand supply and other factors , the simple linear dunes move sideways while they evolve . ' The evolutionary processes of complex linear dunes in the region partly support the theory of ` barchan evolution ' but do not support the ` roll-vortex ' and ` bimodal wind regime ' hypotheses . ' The researchers continued that after the complex linear dunes develop , local wind patterns and the amount of sand suggest it is possible for them to maintain their linear shape , rather than evolving into star shapes for example , even as wind direction changes . The Erg Chech features both compound and complex linear , as well as star dunes .