Paul Scholes has criticised Mario Mandzukic for over reacting after the Atletico Madrid striker appeared to be punched and bitten by Real Madrid 's Daniel Carvajal . Mandzukic was the centre of attention in on-pitch scraps with Sergio Ramos , Raphael Varane and Carvajal during the Champions League quarter-final first leg at the Vicente Calderon . The Croatian striker was on the receiving end of a number of hits from Real defenders , even having his face cut following a Ramos elbow , but Scholes claimed the Atletico star was over-reacting to the challenges made on him . Mario Mandzukic complains he was elbowed after a clash with Sergio Ramos left him with a bloodied face . Daniel Carvajal appeared to move his mouth towards Mandzukic 's arm in an off-the-ball scrap . The referee was not looking at the incident as Carvajal then struck out towards Mandzukic . The Atletico Madrid striker fell to ground after tussling with the Real Madrid defender . ` Mario was trying to cause a bit of trouble , ' the former Manchester United midfielder told ITV . ` The amount of times he was down , he made a meal of a few things . He makes out to be a tough centre forward but he was anything but . ' Ironically Mandzukic was booked for a foul on Varane when it looked like he had been elbowed again , shortly after he needed treatment to stem the blood flow from above his eye after a clash with Ramos . Carvajal , meanwhile , denied that he had bitten Mandzukic . He said : ` I 've seen that after the game I have been accused of biting another player , I want to say clearly that I have n't bitten anybody , nor attempted to do so . ' The Madrid derby saw Real control the first half before the scrappy second period was dominated by Mandzukic 's battles off the ball . Paul Scholes criticised Mandzukic for ` making a meal ' of many of his second-half clashes during Atletico Madrid 's 0-0 draw with Real Madrid in a Champions League quarter-final . Mandzukic lies on the ground holding his face after appearing to be be fouled . Referee Milorad Mazic confronts Mandzukic after the striker was left bleeding following a clash with Ramos . Luka Modric acts as peacekeeper as Mandzukic and Cavajal argue at the Vicente Calderon . Atletico physios treat the striker for the cut above his eye as manager Diego Simeone -LRB- front -RRB- looks on . Scholes states that the goalless draw means Atletico have the upper hand going into the second leg at the Bernabeu , after the Champions League holders failed to convert their first half chances , with Gareth Bale arguably wasting the best opportunity after being denied in a one-on-one with Jan Oblak . ` It could be a dangerous result for Real , ' Scholes added . ` If Atletico get a goal at the Bernabeu , Real need two . Real should have won in the first half . Atletico have to thank their keeper for keeping them in it . ` The second half was poor and not a lot of chances were created . Real will be disappointed because how well they played in the first half , they missed a couple of chances and they could regret it . ' Mandzukic 's cut came after he was caught by an elbow from Sergio Ramos early in the second half . Mandzukic was later booked before colliding again with Carvajal with a forearm while challenging for a header .