A woman who ate four takeaways a week and smoked 20 cigarettes a day has shed eight stone after doctors told her she was at risk of suffering a stroke at just 23 . Rochelle Holmes , of Bishop Auckland , County Durham , was told she had gained so much weight she could die before the age of 25 due to her bad habits . Her lifestyle meant she had ballooned to 20st 5 lbs , but after receiving the stark warning about her health she decided to lose weight and quit smoking once and for all . But by swapping takeaways for healthy alternatives and controlling the amounts she ate , she managed to slim down to a size 12 . Rochelle Holmes , 26 , ballooned to 20st 5 lbs -LRB- left -RRB- after eating four takeaways a week - and she also smoked 20 cigarettes a day . She shed 8st after changing her diet and exercising and is now a size 12 -LRB- right -RRB- . Miss Holmes , who works as a bakery assistant , said : ` Now I make sure a third of my plate is packed full of vegetables . ` I snack on apples and other fruits and make sure my portions are controlled . ` I 'm proof that you can succeed and I want to feel healthy for the rest of my life . ' The 26-year-old , who used to be a size 24 , said she was always a ` big girl ' - but began piling on the pounds in her final year of school going to bars and clubs with friends . A typical night out would involve several pints and bottles of Blue WKD , a packet of cigarettes and then a greasy takeaway . By the time she reached 17 , Miss Holmes was a size 20 . She began to rely on fatty foods and would easily spend over £ 30 a week on pizzas and kebabs , meaning she never learned to cook or prepare a proper meal . She said : ` I was addicted to fatty foods as well as the cigarettes . I could n't resist tucking into a takeaway after a night out and then continued when I was hungover . ' Miss Holmes ballooned to a size 24 after going on nights out with friends and heavily drinking . She spent £ 30 a week on takeaways and kebabs and never learned to cook a proper meal . She was so overweight she became out of breath walking up stairs -LRB- she is pictured , left , before her weight loss -RRB- . After slimming down to 11st -LRB- pictured right -RRB- Miss Holmes says she ` wants to be healthy forever ' ` Then I became really miserable . I stopped going out because I did n't feel attractive any more . I was happy that my partner Chris loved me and that was all I needed . ` But when I was n't going out drinking , I would rely on takeaways instead . ` It was a vicious cycle and I was comfort eating . ` Growing up , I was used to huge portions and watching my mum comfort eat , so it ended up like a habit . ` I would never exercise and would think nothing of tucking into fish and chips , dumplings or pizza . ' The reality of her weight gain only hit her when she attended her medical centre , in the hope of quitting smoking , and she could n't climb the stairs without getting breathless . Medical experts warned her blood pressure was dangerously high at 145/90 , a major risk factor for heart disease or a stroke . Miss Holmes , who lives with her boyfriend Chris , a 29-year-old baker , said : ` It was horrible hearing from a nurse that I had put on so much weight and combined with my addiction to cigarettes , that my life was in danger . She said : ` You are at a serious risk of a stroke and you 're only 23 years-old . BEFORE . Breakfast : Huge bowl of Coco Pops and white toast with lashings of jam and butter . Lunch : Pre-made sandwiches from convenience stores . Dinner : Ready meal and chips or greasy takeaway from chinese or fish and chip shop . Snacks : Crisps , chocolate . Drinks : Full-fat fizzy drinks , blue WKD . AFTER . Breakfast : Porridge and fresh fruit . Lunch : Ham salad or omelette . Dinner : Home-cooked meal made from scratch using healthy ingredients , with one third of the plate vegetables . Snacks : Fruit . Drinks : Water . ` I was terrified that I could have died . I was completely scared to death when she sent me home with a heart monitor . ` I did n't realise I had let myself get this big but the shock was enough , it gave me the opportunity to change my life . ' Determined to lose weight , she decided to join Slimming World for support . She said : ` Losing weight was really hard work but I stuck at it and joined a Zumba and kettle bell class . ` When I first went to Slimming World I was so nervous , but everyone was so friendly and now it 's become a social event for me too . She added : ` People say it 's expensive to buy healthy food but I was spending between £ 30 and £ 40 a week bingeing on takeaways . ` Now I always stick to my budget and I feel a lot better for it . ' Miss Holmes ' hard work paid off and she managed to drop six dress sizes , her blood pressure is back to normal and she has n't touched a cigarette since . She makes sure she drinks moderately on nights out and avoids sugary drinks like blue WKD , instead opting for clear spirits with a low-calorie mixer . She can now wear flattering size 10-12 tops and dresses and can even fit into a pair of trousers she used to wear when she was younger . Since losing the weight , she has begun working as a consultant for Slimming World , wanting to help others in a similar situation . She said : ` I am now doing something that I love by running a business but also inspiring people to lose weight and using myself as an example . ` Chris and my group members are so proud of me for becoming a consultant and I feel amazing . ` I have confidence that I never thought I 'd be able to have and I can actually cook now . '