It may not be a looker , but the Lusitanian toadfish can do much more than croak . The fish , which lives in rocky crevices in the Mediterranean Sea and Atlantic Ocean and glides over the muddy sea floor , can whistle , croak and grunt . Scientists have found that Halobatrachus didactylus makes five types of calls not only to attract a mate , but to warn off rivals too may be trying to swipe their nesting site . Lusitanian toadfish -LRB- pictured -RRB- make five types of calls and males can even sing in choruses to attract mates . The fish woo females with long , rhythmical boatwhistles , which also act as a deterrent to love rivals , . Male fish woo females with long , rhythmical noises that sound like boat whistles , which also act as a deterrent to love rivals , New Scientist reported . They build nests under rocks during mating season , which runs from May to July and sing to attract female visitors . If they are successful , the pair mate and the male looks after young that hatch from sticky eggs until they are ready to fend for themselves after around a month . Because males , which grow up to 20 inches -LRB- 50 cm -RRB- long , are fiercely territorial , their song also serves as a warning for rivals to stay away . Males build nests under rocks during mating season -LRB- pictured -RRB- , which runs from May to July and sing to attract female visitors . The creature is well camouflaged so sound is the best way to get attention . This is important because males nest close together to one another and form singing choruses like frogs or toads to demonstrate their virility and strength . The whistles vary according to the size of the fish , meaning that specific calls from larger specimens are particularly effective at deterring another fish from picking a fight and stealing a nest . Lusitanian toadfish typically weigh more than four lbs -LRB- 2 kg -RRB- and their large , flat heads and wide mouths , make them look like toads , giving their their name . Portuguese scientists discovered that the sounds made by Lusitanian toadfish indicate who they are , their motivation and information about their nest . If they are successful , the pair mate and the male looks after young that hatch from sticky eggs until they are ready to fend for themselves after around a month . Here , a female lays eggs , which stick to the roof of a nest . The experts analysed the frequencies of different songs . Water temperature , tide level , fish motivation and the level of social interactions affected most acoustic parameters analysed -LRB- shown above -RRB- . For example , during low tide , the sounds made by the fish were shorter in duration and had lower main frequencies . Male mice sing to woo females , scientists claim . They also change their tune depending on whether she is within sight or not . The females , meanwhile , seem to like some of the songs more than others . In a quirky study that could shed help shed light on autism and other conditions that involve difficulties in communication , researchers from Duke University in North Carolina studied male mice that were either placed in a cage with a female -- or one with just her scent . Special equipment was used to record and analyse their squeaks , which are so high-pitched that people ca n't hear them . This revealed that they sang one song when they could simply smell a female and another one when they could see her . When they could merely smell a potential mate , they belted out an extremely shrill and complex song , perhaps in an attempt to make themselves known . But when she was within sight , they serenaded her more softly . These songs also had a more simple structure and were longer . Clara Amorim of ISPA University Institute in Portugal studied the different sounds made by the fish , which contracts muscles in its swim bladders to release air , a little like bagpipe . It makes different sounds by contracting its bladders in various ways . To prove that ` boatwhistles ' are used as a deterrent as well as for seduction , her team deflated the swim bladders of fish under anaesthesia , so that the creatures could still contract their muscles , but were rendered silent . The team found that mute males were more likely to face intruders in their nests , suggesting that ` boatwhistles ' are an effective warning siren . ` Boatwhistles are a cheap way to exclude intruders without engaging in a fight , ' Dr Amorim said . ` Seeing that a nest is occupied is not as effective as hearing that there is a male in the nest eager to defend its territory . ' The sounds are modified by environmental factors such as tide level and water temperature as well as courtship motivation and by social interactions . For example , during low tide , the water temperature rises slightly and it 's harder for sound to travel in shallow waters , which means that fewer fish sing and their noises are shorter in length and lower in pitch . They found that males that are desperate to mate sing a lot more at higher frequencies with longer notes . Males singing as part of a chorus sing more than they do when they are alone . Fish that sing the most , were found to be capable of a contracting their sound-producing muscles more and therefore showed that their body is in good condition . This means that males that can sing for longer have more energy reserves to defend the nest and to care for the eggs , and could enjoy higher social status and reproductive success as a result . Other fish sing too , such as clownfish , which click their jaws together to scare off intruders . Male Lusitanian toadfish build nests under rocks during mating season , which runs from May to July and sing to attract female visitors . Other fish sing too , such as clownfish -LRB- pictured -RRB- , which click their jaws together to scare off intruders .