A woman who works as a professional ` humiliatrix ' has revealed how she earns more than one dollar per minute indulging the subservient fantasies of men around the world . Ceara Lynch , from Portland , Oregon , takes the more traditional dominatrix idea a step further , not just dominating her customers but demeaning , shaming and generally humiliating them . And the 28-year-old entrepreneur says that making money this way -- which she has been doing since she was 17 -- has been a dream . Risqué business : Ceara Lynch , 28 , says her career began when she realized how much money she could make from selling her used underwear online ; her first pair sold for $ 70 . In a recent interview with Salon , Ceara explains that she got started in the industry by accident . When she was 17 , Ceara was on a dating website when one particular suitor intrigued her ; the meaner she was to him , the more interested in her he became . She went on to seek out similar men , eventually finding a website called Ebanned where she could sell her used underwear . Her first pair sold for $ 70 . A tame entrance into the world of humiliating men for money soon escalated to selling more personal items online , taking provocative phone calls , and performing live webcam shows . Taking control : ` Guys really like the idea of me ruining them in this way , ' Ceara says . Real-life dating : Ceara says she 's up-front about her job when she 's dating , and she 's had three serious relationships over the course of her career . ` I make most of my money from videos , ' she says , adding that custom videos cost $ 1 per minute and subscribers pay a monthly fee of $ 39.99 for access to her site . ` They are -LSB- point of view -RSB- - style videos , which means it 's just me and the camera , and I am looking at the camera and talking to the camera so that the viewer feels like I 'm talking to them . ' ` I just tap into various fetishes and they 're all just under the umbrella of -LSB- female dominance -RSB- . I always play a dominant role , and I tap into things like cuckolding , small penis humiliation , foot fetish , toilet slavery , giantess -- which is this fetish where guys imagine this giant woman that 's going to come and crush them with her feet or swallow them whole -- different stuff like that . ' Besides paying for subscriptions and purchasing the personal items that Ceara sells online , customers can also mail Ceara cash , buy her gift cards to Amazon , Southwest Airlines , or a massage parlor , or purchase items off her Amazon wishlist , which includes a $ 399.99 GoPro , $ 1,295 Giuseppe Zanotti shoes , and a $ 23 Pikachu adult cosplay costume . No secret : Friends and family know what Ceara does for a living , and her dad thought she was a ` genius ' when he learned how she was making money . While such interests might scare off some people , Ceara likes the fact that she is privy to intimate knowledge that her customers do n't necessarily reveal in their personal lives . ` I think it 's fascinating and I think it 's also flattering , in a way , that guys are telling me things that they do n't tell anyone else , ' she says . Ceara also is n't quite as excited about humiliating her customers as they are about being humiliated , which she says makes it easy for her to compartmentalize and separate her job from her personal life . ` I do enjoy my work , I think it 's really fun and I get a kick out of it ... But I definitely do n't like it in the same way that my clients like it . '