From slathering on potent face creams to treating a spot with teatree oil , most women attempt to clear problem skin with topical products . But should we be drinking our way to flawless skin ? If the latest Japanese beauty trend is anything to go by , it seems so . The women of Japan swear by the ` beauty from within ' philosophy and prefer to sip on tincture tonics to cleanse the system internally to encourage clear , unblemished skin . Japanese women swear by the ` beauty from within ' philosophy and prefer to sip on tincture tonics to beat acne - and the beauty movement is coming to the UK . Indeed , Mahonia , a traditional herbal treatment for acne , is a number one bestseller in the East Asian nation , reports Neal 's Yard Remedies , who has seen sales of its Mahonia Clear Skin Formula go through the roof online from customers there . Mahonia , which is also known as Oregon Mountain Grape , is a berry native to the Rocky Mountains that 's been used by tribes for medicinal , food , and ceremonial needs for years . It contains high levels of alkaloids , berberine and hydrastine , which are active compounds that give it antibacterial and anti-inflammatory benefits . Thanks to these benefits , mahonia has been used traditionally for skin itchiness , infections and irritations , and is highly recommended for acne . Mahonia , which is also known as Oregon Mountain Grape , left , is a berry native to the Rocky Mountains that 's been used by tribes for medicinal , food , and ceremonial needs for years . Neal 's Yard Remedies use it in their tonics , which are a number one best-seller in Japan . The antibacterial compounds in this herb are berbamine and berberine , which are antiseptic when used topically . When used internally , these compounds are liver tonics that improve bile flow , stimulate digestion and act as a tonic on the bowel wall . Neal 's Yard Remedies created a tincture packed with the stuff , as well as a purifying blend of the skin-loving botanicals calendula , schisandra and gotu kola . Gotu kola helps stimulate collagen and tissue formation . It improves circulation , which benefits skin tone , and has anti-inflammatory and skin-regenerating actions . When used internally , mahonia can improve bile flow , stimulate digestion and act as a tonic on the bowel wall . Antimicrobial herb calendula is rich in anti-ageing antioxidant beta-carotene , which is important for healthy skin structure and renewal . Also known as magnolia vine , schisandra has been used historically for immune support and for skin care . Modern Chinese research suggests it has a protective effect on the liver , so enhancing the cleansing benefits . The succulent globe artichoke , meanwhile , has been used in Chinese medicine for millennia as a digestive cleanser . It helps to purify and calm the system from within . It is recommended to add 2 ml to a cupful of water three times a day to reap the rewards .