Bali Nine ringleaders Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran could face a firing squad within days after Indonesian officials sent letters ordering that preparations be made for their executions . Indonesia 's head of General Crimes sent the letters to the prosecutors of 10 death row prisoners including Australians Chan and Sukumaran on Thursday . The Indonesian Attorney-General 's spokesman , Tony Spontana , said the only thing left after this is to announce the execution date . The Australian Embassy has been summoned to Nusakambangan Island - where the executions will be carried out - on Saturday . Authorities in Indonesia give death row prisoners and their families 72 hours notice before they are executed , suggesting Chan and Sukumaran could face the firing squad as early as Monday or Tuesday . Scroll down for video . The execution of Bali Nine ringleaders Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan got a step closer on Thursday . Time seems to be running out for Sukumaran who claims to be rehabilitated since he went to jail in 2005 . Meanwhile the lawyer for a Nigerian man scheduled for execution with Chan and Sukumaran says the embassy has been summoned to Central Java , a likely sign the date is imminent . Utomo Karim , lawyer for Raheem Salami , said on Thursday afternoon the Nigerian embassy received a letter asking it to go to Cilacap , the port closest to Nusakambangan , on Saturday . ` Based on experience from the previous execution , they 're going to tell them the date for the execution , ' he said . Indonesia is required to give 72 hours notice of the executions . Chan and Sukumaran are in the same cell block as Salami on Nusakambangan . Chan was arrested on April 17 , 2005 in Bali for planning to smuggle 8.3 kg of heroin valued at about a $ 4 million from Indonesia to Australia . Letters were sent by authorities to the prosecutors of all 10 death row prisoners , which includes Sukumaran , ordering them to prepare the executions . Earlier in the week Indonesian President Joko Widodo confirmed the executions were ` only a matter of time ' . President Widodo told the Indonesian news agency Antara that while he would not interfere with the inmates ' outstanding legal appeals , the executions would take place upon their conclusion . ` When it will be done is no longer a question , ' he said . ` It is only awaiting the conclusion of all procedures and the legal process , which I will not interfere in . It is only a matter of time . ' News of the letters were a huge setback for Chan and his family members . Sukumaran along with the other nine death row prisoners will be killed by firing squad . News.com reports the Attorney-General 's spokesman also indicated that of the 10 death row prisoners only one legal matter was now outstanding . The one remaining is of an Indonesian man whose judicial review is still before the Supreme Court but is expected to finalised within days . News of the letters will be a huge setback for Chan and Sukumaran and their families and lawyers , who had hoped they would be granted another legal challenge . The Attorney-General has already suggested that a Constitutional Court challenge by lawyers for Chan and Sukumaran will not be taken into account and will not delay the executions . Curently Sukumaran -LRB- pictured -RRB- and Chan remain in an isolated cell on Nusakambangan Island .