Mourners at the memorial service for celebrity cosmetic surgeon Dr Frederic Brandt , who killed himself a week ago , said a TV show that parodied his appearance was partly to blame for his death . Many believed that he was ` hurt ' by the show and it was a factor in the 65 year old 's decision to take his own life . ` Fredric was a dear friend but he was also very vain and to be parodied this way must have hurt , ' said Edith Newman , a friend for 30 years . ` It would have had an affect on his thinking . It is just so sad . ' Memorial : More than 200 friends , family and former patients attended an hour-long memorial service overseen by Rabbi Tom Heyn for dermatologist to the stars Dr. Frederic Brandt . Sad : Dr. Brandt , whose celebrity clients include Madonna and Stephanie Seymour , hanged himself April 5 . Brandt , who counted numerous celebrities and models among his clients , was found hanged at his home in Coral Gables , Florida , on Easter April 5 . Some friends said he had been left ` devastated ' by a character said to have been based on him in the Netflix comedy show ` The Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt . ' In the series Martin Short plays a dermatologist called Dr Grant who has a shock of white hair and flawless skin -- almost a mirror image of Dr Brandt . While some friends said he had laughed off the comparisons others were convinced it played a part in his decision to end his life . However , there was no mention of the show , or appearances by any of his many celebrity clients , at a memorial service held at the Temple Israel in Miami on Sunday . More than 200 friends , family and former patients attended the hour-long service overseen by Rabbi Tom Heyn . Mourners leaving the memorial were split over whether the TV show made by Hollywood star Tina Fey was a factor in the suicide . Many of the women at the service were walking adverts for the man known affectionately as the ` Baron of Botox ' . One woman in her 60s said : ` We will never know if the show pushed him over the edge . No one had any idea that he was depressed . It is just so sad . ' Another , who did not want to be named , added : ` He was obviously depressed and when that happens minor things take on a bigger significance . ' Edith Newman , who attended the memorial with her sister Rebeca Sobie , said she though the TV caricature would have hurt her friend . Some friends said he had been left ` devastated ' by a character said to have been based on him in the Netflix comedy show ` The Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt . ' More than 200 friends , family and former patients attended the hour-long service overseen by Rabbi Tom Heyn . Was it the parody ? One woman in her 60s said : ' We will never know if the show pushed him over the edge . No one had any idea that he was depressed . It is just so sad . ' Lonely nights : The Kimmy Schmitt character has been targeted as a ` breaking point ' for Brandt , who had allegedly started spending his Saturday nights at home injecting himself with fillers . Depression : Sources close to Brandt said the doctor , who suffered from depression , told People magazine he was ` definitely hurt ' by an apparent portrayal of himself on the Netflix show . Suicidal : A police report into the tragic passing of the celebrity plastic surgeon revealed Brandt was suffering suicidal tendencies for just 10 days before he killed himself . Brandt grew up in Weequahic neighborhood of Newark , New Jersey where his parents ran a candy store . Hanged : Brandt was discovered hanged inside the garage of his Coconut Grove home by his friend , John Joseph Hupert , at around 9.15 am on Easter Sunday morning . Growing worry : The police report says that Brandt 's psychiatrist Dr Saida Koita had become so worried for her patients state of mind that she ordered Hupert to stay with him to monitor him . Unaware : When DailyMail.com asked Tina Fey 's husband Jeff Richmond about Brandt 's death near his home in New York City 's Upper West Side , he said he had n't been aware of it . A listers : Brandt was highly-regarded for his cosmetic work across the industry , with high-profile stars including Madonna , Stephanie Seymour and Kelly Ripa . ` It is just so sad but Fred would not have liked people laughing at him , ' she said . ` He would have been offended . ' Other friends have also said the series would have had an effect . In an interview with the New York Times Kyle White said Dr Brandt would have put on a brave face to mask his hurt . ` He never thought it was fun . He was about putting on a happy face in public . ' Tina Fey , the writer and producer of the comedy show , has so far refused to comment on the inspiration for the character . Sources close to Brandt said the doctor , who suffered from depression , told People magazine he was ` definitely hurt ' by the caricature . One friend called the ` Kimmy Schmidt ' send up ` bullying , ' but added that it did not cause his suicide . A police report into his death revealed Brandt was suffering suicidal tendencies for 10 days before he killed himself . The famed dermatologist was discovered hanged inside the garage of his Coconut Grove home by his friend , John Joseph Hupert , at around 9.15 am on Easter Sunday morning . According to the police report , Hupert was concerned for his friend and was staying with the doctor because he was suicidal . The last time Hupert said he had seen Brandt alive was around 11.30 pm Saturday . Suicidal tendencies : A police report into his death revealed Brandt was suffering suicidal tendencies for 10 days before he killed himself . The police report said that Brandt 's psychiatrist Dr Saida Koita had become so worried for her patient 's state of mind that she ordered Hupert to stay with him to monitor him . She also revealed she had him on daily medication and was seeing him everyday for therapy sessions . When DailyMail.com asked Tina Fey 's husband Jeff Richmond about Brandt 's death near his home in New York City 's Upper West Side , he said he had n't been aware of it . Richmond is an executive producer and music composer on his wife 's show . He said : ` That 's very sad . I do n't know anything about it . I just got home . Tina might know , I do n't . She 's not home . ' Brandt was highly regarded for his cosmetic work across the industry , with high-profile stars including Madonna , Stephanie Seymour and Kelly Ripa . Other high-profile clients included fashion designers Marc Jacobs and Calvin Klein , Donna Karan and supermodels Naomi Campbell , Linda Evangelista and Stephanie Seymour . Madonna struck up a close friendship with the doctor while she lived in Miami . Her close friend Ingrid Casares was at the memorial service . In an apparent reference to Dr Brandt 's death being linked to the show she tweeted on April 6th · . A memorial pin shows Brandt 's famously flawless face . Successful practice : The memorial took place at Temple Israel in Miami . Brandt had offices in both Miami and Manhattan . Public service : Guests leave the service of Dr. Frederic Brandt . A private funeral for family was set to be held at an unspecified date thereafter . Love dogs : Friends said he was devoted to his three dogs and was known for his love of designer fashion . Harmony : Dr Brandt was famed for his appearance , which displayed many of his dermatology techniques.In a 2014 profile in The New York Times , he said that his goal was to ` restore the face to harmony ' Iran Issa Khan attends Dr. Fredric Brandt Memorial Service at Temple Israel on April 12 , 2015 in Miami . Liked injectables : It was also widely known that Dr Brandt injected products including Botox , Restylane , Perlane , Juvéderm , Voluma , The Times reported , into his own face , erasing his wrinkles , leaving him with full lips and an ageless quality . ` I believe in freedom of expression but when it crosses the line into bullying , degrading another human being , check your hands for blood !! . She had earlier sent out a tweet saying she was proud to be Dr Brandt 's guinea pig for using Botox . Casares wrote : Freddy !! Remember when they told us that Botox would never been FDA approved . I was always proud to be your guiine -LRB- sic -RRB- pig . ' Mourners in Miami heard from 10 speakers who recounted the life of Dr Brandt and how he loved the nickname ` The Baron of Botox . ' His colleague Dr Jolie Kaufman told mourners said nickname appealed to his sense of humour . She said Dr Brandt would not settle for ` anything less than perfection ' and was adored by his patients . ` He had an enigmatic quality and touched so many lives , ' she said . Brandt worked with stars including Madonna , Stephanie Seymour and Jane Holzer . Left , the doctor is pictured with morning show host Kelly Ripa in 2011 at his Dr Fredric Brandt 's SiriusXM launch and right , with comedian Joy Behar at the same event . No-show : Madonna , like the rest of Frederic 's A list clientele , was not in attendance at Brandt 's memorial . Madonna appeared on The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon last week . Her comment about Botox drew laughter from the mourners , as did another speaker when he said Dr Brant was the world 's biggest user of the toxin used to erase wrinkles . Dr Jeremy Green , another colleague from the New York branch of his office , said Dr Brandt would treat all people equal . ` There was no lack of movie stars , singers and socialites as well as ordinary Joes and Janes , ' he said . Members of his staff told the memorial they would miss the ` laughter ' that he brought to the office in Miami where they would often hear him singing along to his favourite songs . Friends said he was devoted to his three dogs and was known for his love of designer fashion . Rabbi Heyn had become the service by describing Dr Brandt as a ` gentle and loving soul . ' He said everyone who knew him was feeling a ` terrible sense of loss ' . In the only reference to the suicide , he asked : ` How did we miss signs something was wrong . ' Family members travelled from Connecticut and Los Angeles for the service . A private funeral will be held at a later date .