A Washington State lawmaker has proposed the idea of connecting two cities on the Puget Sound with a military tribute bridge made of retired United States Navy aircraft carriers . Representative Jesse Young wants to use two or three carriers to link Bremerton and Port Orchard across the Sinclair Inlet . A proposal put forth by Young which would use money from the state 's highway budget to fund a feasibility study about the bridge passed in the Washington House on Thursday . The idea is intriguing because the US Navy is storing three retired carriers just a few hundred yards from the proposed site of the bridge . This 2012 shot of the Puget Sound shipyard shows two potential bridge parts , the USS Independence and the USS Kitty Hawk . There are currently three retired carriers parked at the shipyard - -LRB- left the right -RRB- the Independence , the Kitty Hawk and the Constellation . The Ranger -LRB- farthest right -RRB- has recently been towed to Texas to be cut into salvage . State Representative Jesses Young wants to use two or three carriers as a bridge across Sinclair inlet . Three carriers are stacked end-to-end in the graphic and the four mothballed carriers can be seen to the right . A Navy spokesman said the USS Independence and the USS Kitty Hawk are not ` currently available . ' They are in the Navy 's ` reserve fleet ' and could potentially be brought back into service if need arises . Young wants to either use three carriers connected end-to-end or two connected carriers with ramps on either side , KUOW reported . State Representative Jesse Young has attempted to secure $ 90,000 to study the aircraft carrier bridge . He said : ` I know that people from around the world would come to drive across the deck of an aircraft carrier bridge , number one . ` Number two , it 's the right thing to do from my standpoint because this is giving a testimony and a legacy memorial to our greatest generation . ' The two carriers Young was thinking would work for the project are housed in the Puget Sound Navy Yard . The distance across the inlet is less than seven tenths of a mile - 3,700 feet . The USS Independence USS Kitty Hawk are both 1,070 feet long . The USS Constellation , which is also at the nearby Navy base , is 1,080 feet long . Unfortunately , a Navy spokesman said the USS Independence and the USS Kitty Hawk are not ` currently available ' . Young 's spokesman Kevin Shutty said the bridge would relieve pressure in the ` bottleneck area ' , Maritime Executive reported . He said : ` This would definitely be a unique way to tackle some of those problems , but at the same time it would serve as a floating memorial to veterans and the sacrifice they have given to our country . ` It 's a novel concept . ` I think there 's a lot of public support at least for exploring the idea . ' Young 's spokesman Kevin Shutty said : ` I think there 's a lot of public support at least for exploring the idea ' The $ 90,000 feasibility study has a deadline of December 1 for submission back to the state Legislature . According to the test of the budget proposal : ' $ 90,000 of the motor vehicle account -- state appropriation is for a study of the feasibility of constructing a military tribute bridge that spans Sinclair Inlet and that incorporates one or more decommissioned aircraft carriers . ` As a part of this study , the joint transportation committee must : -LRB- i -RRB- Determine the cost and process associated with the state 's acquisition of a decommissioned aircraft carrier ; and -LRB- ii -RRB- Identify potential engineering options for incorporating decommissioned aircraft carriers into a bridge . A report on the study must be submitted to the transportation committees of the legislature by December 1 , 2015 . '