Britain 's youngest sex swap patient has resorted to working as an escort - to pay for her treatment . Rihanna Cooper , 21 , from Hull , hit the headlines when , at 16 , she became the youngest person in Britain to be accepted for gender reassignment . But part way through her treatment , the stress of her transition from male to female became too much and she called a halt to it . Scroll down for video . Transgender woman Rihanna Cooper , 21 , is paying for her gender reassignment herself . Now , having realised she ca n't go on as a man again and having to pay for her treatment privately , Rihanna is working as an escort to fund her dreams . She said : ` Working as an escort can be dangerous and frightening . It 's exhausting sometimes too . ` But it 's the only way I have of earning enough money to become a woman . ' Her initial treatment , and her subsequent decision to abandon the reassignment programme , sparked huge debate over whether she was too young to be allowed to swap sexes in the first place . But Rihanna insists that her decision was the right one - and blames NHS psychiatrists and doctors for clouding her focus . Rihanna was born Bradley Cooper in January 1994 , and grew up with her mum , Elaine , 46 , and three sisters , Claire , now 29 , Katy , 26 , and Sophie , 23 . Born Bradley Cooper , Rihanna realised she was born in the wrong body and at 16 was accepted for treatment . Rihanna says : ` From an early age , I wanted to play with my sisters ' Barbie dolls . My mum bought me Action men but I was n't interested . ` I used to love watching her put make-up on . I was always stealing her lipstick . ` At school , my friends were all girls and I loved playing netball . ` I knew I had been born in the wrong body and I wanted so desperately to be a girl . ` I was an angry kid , because I was so confused , and though I was never bullied , I got into trouble , and I ended up expelled from school . ' At 15 , she announced that she wanted to become a girl . She says : ` It was hardly a shock . My family had always known . My mum and sisters were very supportive . ' At 16 , Rihanna was referred for specialist psychiatric assessments and she began dressing and living as a girl , painting her nails and growing her hair . However Rihanna , pictured centre with her mother and sister , said she actually wanted to be a boy part way through her NHS treatment - sparked huge debate over whether she was too young to be allowed . But Rihanna blames NHS medics for clouding her focus - and says she does want to be a woman . Her story hit the press as she became Britain 's youngest sex-swap patient . But she rebelled against the treatment programme . She says : ` I hated the psychiatric treatment . I felt as though I was being made to justify why I wanted to be a girl , like they wanted to catch me out almost . ` I knew I was a girl inside , and to me , it was that simple . ' At 17 , she began a course of hormone injections but stopped the treatment after two suicide attempts . She says : ` The whole thing just got on top of me . I was sick of travelling to my appointments where I felt everyone was trying to catch me out and trip me up . ` I felt so alone , so isolated . I just wanted to be happy . My treatment caused a lot of stress in my family and I just wanted everything to go back to how it was . ' Her full transgender op , scheduled for January 2013 , was called off and she returned to living as a young man - but says she soon realised she could not live a lie . She is now saving to pay for gender reassignment privately , using her work as an escort to fund her surgery . She is now saving to pay for gender reassignment privately , using her work as an escort to fund her surgery . Rihanna has n't asked the NHS to fund this reassignment , and doubts they would , because she pulled out last time . She also feels the psychiatric assessments were too invasive and the NHS programme was too invasive , so she wants to fund it herself . First on her list is a £ 4,500 breast enlargement , followed by surgery to remove her male genitalia . Rihanna says : ` I 've always wanted to be a girl and that has never changed . I was born in the wrong body . ` My work as an escort is not ideal , but it is virtually impossible for me to get any kind of work , because of the stigma which surrounds transgender people . I see this as my only chance to fulfil my dreams . ' The following is part on an NHS guide . If your child is under 18 and thought to have gender dysphoria , they will usually be referred to a specialist child and adolescent Gender Identity Clinic -LRB- GIC -RRB- . Currently , the only specialist clinic for young people with gender identity issues is run by the Tavistock and Portman NHS Foundation Trust in London , although they occasionally provide satellite clinics in other parts of the country . Staff at these clinics can carry out a detailed assessment of your child , to help them determine what support they need . SOURCE .