Two chapters of the Zeta Beta Tau fraternity are under investigation after they allegedly disrespected disabled veterans by spitting on them , shouting verbal abuse and urinating on the American flag during a charity weekend . Students from Zeta Beta Tau at both the University of Florida and Emory University in Atlanta , Georgia , have been accused of the deplorable behavior against the ex-servicemen during the Warrior Beach Retreat in Panama City on April 17 . The event is designed to give those who have sacrificed their lives for their country a relaxing break with their families at the luxurious Lakedown Wharf Resort . But instead of being acknowledged for their service , some of the attendees claim they were subjected to taunts and watched as the drunk youngsters , who were attending a formal , threw beer off the balcony . Scroll down for video . Allegations : Students from Zeta Beta Tau at both the University of Florida -LRB- pictured -RRB- and Emory University have been accused of disrespecting the ex-servicemen during the Warrior Beach Retreat in Panama City on April 17 . It is not know whether anyone in this picture was involved . According to reports the police were called and the hotel security responded . They managed to get the situation under control and some of the students involved were thrown out of the hotel , but no arrests were made . Nicholas Connole , who served 18 months in Afghanistan and nine months in Iraq told WJHG the students spat at him and his service dog . ` That 's just so disrespectful and it hurts , ' he said . ` I come and I feel honored and I feel safe and that I belong , but now I feel like I 'm defending myself . ' Haley Riley , who was attending the event with her wounded husband , said beer bottles were thrown at them and students threw up in the elevators . Linda Cope , founder of the Warrior Beach Retreat , told the station she 's never seen such disgusting acts . Around 60 veterans from both Iraq and Afghanistan attended with their families . She set up the event in to honor her son Joshua - an army sergeant who lost both of his legs . She described how the students were urinating off of the hotel balcony and onto an American flag . ` I have not stood up and said anything about spring break because we constantly want to get the support of the community , but if this is at all indicative of what these college students do we need to get rid of it , ' she said . They also ripped a flag to shreds and were trying to run around with it in front of the wounded veterans . Zeta Beta Tau International confirmed that three members of the University of Florida chapter have been expelled from the fraternity and both university chapters have suspended all activities . However they are still investigating what has happened . The branch at the campus in Gainsville , Florida , is already under ` conduct probation ' following an alleged hazing incident . A spokesman representing the nationwide fraternity said : ` Early this week our Fraternity was made aware of reports regarding an incident between several members of two of our chapters and veterans of the Warrior Beach Retreat during independent trips to Panama City Beach . ` While the details of their actions are still under investigation , there is no doubt that some of our members engaged in ugly and unacceptable behavior . Their actions have no place in ZBT or anywhere , and they will not be tolerated . Repercussions : Three members of the University of Florida chapter have been expelled . The branch was already under conduct probation following an alleged hazing incident . ` On behalf of our entire organization , I want to apologize to veterans , both those who were in Panama City Beach , and those who have felt the pain from afar , as well as to their families and all who support the Warrior Beach Retreat and had worked to make it a positive and meaningful occasion for attendees . ` I am deeply saddened that the actions of our members ruined this special event and failed to show the respect our military and their families so deserve . ` As we continue our investigation , our chapters at the University of Florida and Emory University have suspended all activities and are fully cooperating in our investigation . In addition , we have already expelled three members of the University of Florida chapter from our organization who we found to have been behaving inappropriately , and we will take any further action necessary as we learn more . ` Our Fraternity also has issued an apology on behalf of all of our members to the Warrior Beach Retreat , the organization that was hosting the veterans to provide them and their families with the opportunity to relax and recharge . ` We are honored that hundreds of our ZBT brothers have served in the military and are disgusted that certain members of our Fraternity failed to exhibit the behaviors we expect from them towards our nation 's heroes -- respect , gratitude and honor . ` We are committed to fully addressing the events that took place , and will be hiring an independent investigator to help us gather all of the facts . Short-term , we are actively working with the resort , with the Presidents of both universities and with the local police to fully understand the events that took place . In all instances , we have a zero tolerance policy towards this type of behavior and are committed to appropriately disciplining any members of our Fraternity who were involved . ` We also look forward to working with our members to make amends for this disgraceful situation by identifying opportunities to serve those who have done so much to serve us . ' University of Florida President Kent Fuchs has personally apologized for the behavior of the Zeta Beta Tau fraternity members toward the veterans . Probe : Officials at Emory University in Atlanta , Georgia , has deplored the actions and is investigating whether any of their students were involved . However they are yet to find any evidence tying the branch 's fraternity members to the deplorable behavior in Panama City . In an email to Cope , he wrote : ` The incidents and behavior you and others have described -LRB- in letters and phone calls -RRB- and the offense to the wounded warriors and other guests are unacceptable . ` We are pursuing an investigation of the matter to learn more about the involvement of University of Florida students and whether disciplinary action will be needed . ' Cope responded by saying : ` I said do your investigating , but I want to know what you 're going to do . What are you going to do ? I think they all should be put on probation . I 'm hoping that this will make a dramatic change in their life to realize they do not need to take the sacrifice and the service of these men and women in vain . ' Emory University are looking into the allegations , but could not confirm reports that any of their students were involved . A spokesman however said the behavior was not acceptable at the university . They said : ` If any members of our community are identified as being responsible , they will be held accountable for their actions by the university . ' The fraternity 's mission statement on its website reads : ` Mindful of its founding in 1898 as the Nation 's first Jewish Fraternity , ZBT will preserve and cultivate its relationships within the Jewish community . It reads : ` Since 1954 , ZBT has been committed to its policy of non-sectarian Brotherhood , and values the diversity of its membership . ZBT will recruit and initiate men of good character , regardless of religion , race or creed who are accepting of these principles . '