We 've all inadvertently put our foot in it while trying to be helpful to a fellow human at some point or another , but what 's it like being on the receiving end of this day-in , day-out ? Pretty irritating according to a new Ask Reddit thread , which invited members of the disabled community to list all the ways able-bodied people think they are being supportive , but end up being just the opposite . ` Do n't call me an inspiration . Be your own damn inspiration , ' one user wrote , amid nearly 4,000 comments made in the space of a day . Do n't say it ! A new Ask Reddit thread invited members of the disabled community to list all the ways able-bodied people think they are being supportive , but end up being just the opposite -LRB- picture posed by models -RRB- . ` I do n't want to be your inspiration , I want to be your next door neighbor and I want to be left to my own devices please , ' another wrote . This was a popular theme . ' -LSB- Do n't tell me -RSB- how brave or strong I am , ' one submitter wrote . ` I 'm pretty sure I did n't say `` Hey , universe , make me handicapped . '' ` There 's nothing brave or strong about it . I exist . My strength and courage comes from what I do . Not what I am . ' Many disabled people say it was insulting and patronising to be ` praised ' for doing normal things , like going to university -LRB- picture posed by models -RRB- . Another user echoed this , stating : ` If anything , I have n't been brave . Just careless for being in a place that I really should n't have been at the time . ' Others said it was insulting and patronising to be ` praised ' for doing normal things , like going to university . ` What am I supposed to do , sit on my a ** all day and wait to die ? ' one posed . Another common complaint , particularly among wheelchair users , was people insisting they ` help ' , and not taking no for an answer . ` I have cerebral palsy , ' wrote one . ` I love when people help me , but please always ask first , and I if I say , `` No thanks , I 've got it '' then go on with your day . ' Another raised some people 's tendency to take charge of their wheelchair . ' -LSB- The -RSB- situation would be similar to seeing someone who looked tired at the bottom of a hill , and offering to carry them up . ` To most people , no matter how tired , that would be pretty damn weird and infantilising . ' A surprising number of disabled people have been accused of ` faking it ' to earn perks . A surprising number of users claimed to have been accused of ` faking ' their disabilities , or playing them up , particularity when it comes to disabled parking spots . ' -LSB- My aunt -RSB- has MS and on good days she might go to a grocery store ... and stand up to reach things on the top shelf , ' one wrote . ` But if she tried to walk the entire store she 'd be in bad shape . ' Perhaps the most obnoxious habit mentioned was people recommending ` diets ' , ` remedies ' or ` cures ' . ` Believe me , unless you are a researcher who specialises in my condition , you probably do n't know more about treatments than me , ' one advised . Last but not least , whatever you do , do n't bring religion into it . As one submitter put it : ` If you tell me `` God does everything for a reason , '' I 'll break your goddamned nose for a good reason . '