A 16-year-old schoolboy has died after falling from a cliff and plunging into the sea in the middle of the night . The teenager , named as Joshua Smith , was plucked from the water by the crew of an RAF rescue helicopter and flown to hospital , where he was later pronounced dead . Police today said that the teen 's death was not being treated as suspicious , but have referred it to the police watchdog . Joshua Smith died after falling from a cliff and plunging into the sea in the coastal town of Berwick-upon-Tweed in Northumberland -LRB- pictured -RRB- . A major air and sea search and rescue operation was launched after emergency services received reports that someone had fallen from the cliff at Spittal Point , Berwick-upon-Tweed , Northumberland . The coastguard , police , paramedics , firefighters and an RAF rescue helicopter were all scrambled to the scene in early hours of Easter Sunday . Police have said they are not treating Joshua 's death as suspicious -LRB- file picture -RRB- . RNLI station manager , John Dunn , said crews used torches from the edge of the cliff in a bid to spot the boy after the alarm was raised at around 2.40 am . ` They were just on the edge of the cliff with torches and searchlights trying to spot the guy in the water , ' he told the Newcastle Chronicle . ` The helicopter was there doing its job and pulled him out of the water pretty quick . ' Joshua , from the Berwick-upon-Tweed area , was plucked from the surf near Spittal Promenade by a crew from RAF Boulmer 's search and rescue helicopter and flown to Wansbeck General Hospital , where he later died . Joshua was a rugby enthusiast and played for his local u16 team . He attended Berwick Academy . Friends described him as a ` lovely lad ' who was ` always smiling . ' Colin Frame said on the Berwick Rugby Club Facebook page : ` Tragically we lost one of our rugby family last night . ` On behalf of everyone at Berwick Rugby Club , but especially his Under 16 coaches and fellow players , we send our sincerest condolences to his family and friends . ` At times like this it is difficult to make sense of the world but at times like this we will pull together as a Club to try . RIP Josh . # oneclub ' His headteacher , Alexis Widdowson , said the school was ` devastated ' by the teenager 's death . ` Josh Smith was a talented boy who touched the hearts of all those who knew him and he will live on in our memories , ' she reportedly told the Berkwick Advertiser . ` Our thoughts , now , are with his family and closest friends and we offer them our sincerest condolences . ' Flowers were also said to have been left at the scene of his cliff fall . A spokesman for Northumberland Police said : ` At 3.06 am police received reports from the ambulance service that a boy had fallen from cliffs at Spittal Point , Berwick . 'Em ergency Services attended along with the RNLI and a 16-year-old boy was recovered from the sea . ` He was taken to Wansbeck General Hospital where he later died . ` Enquires are in the early stages to establish the circumstances . ' They added that his death has been referred to the Independent Police Complaints Commission ` in line with protocol . '