Two Pennsylvania bank robbers are believed to have had military training and are being described by the FBI as ` armed and extremely dangerous ' . A pair of masked men armed with handguns have robbed three banks in the Pittsburgh area so far this year , most recently on April 10 . The unknown men , who are seen on surveillance footage pointing their guns at bank employees ' heads , have threatened to kidnapping those at their targets and shoot police . However , the way that the two men handle their weapons has led the FBI to suspect that the thieves are actually former police officers themselves . Scroll down for video . Police believe that the two bank robbers suspected in a string of recent heists may have police or military training because of the way they handle a weapon . Authorities say that the robberies , most recently on April 10 -LRB- pictured -RRB- , have become increasingly violent , with the thieves threatening kidnappings and saying they will shoot police if engaged . Surveillance video shows one masked robber holding his finger stretched along the barrel of his gun , just off of the trigger , a safety method used by law enforcement . The men , who wear dark sweatpants and sweatshirts , are also seen jumping over the counter as they begin their heists . ` These folks have some kind of training in firearms , meaning they could be former military , they could be law enforcement , either former or currents , ' the FBI 's Patrick Fallon said . ` Street punks do n't usually use holsters , ' he told WPXI . The men , both 5 ' 8 '' -5 ' 9 '' are described as in excellent physical condition . One of them climbs behind the counter to collect cash as the other threatens bank employees with a gun . The clothes worn during the robberies are thought to be quickly discarded by the robbers , who have also used a very common car as a getaway vehicle . Authorities warned that the criminals have become increasingly aggressive and violent during robberies on January 24 , February 21 and April 10 . The suspects are described as white , 5 ' 8 '' to 5 ' 9 '' , of medium and larger build and in excellent physical shape , according to CBS Pittsburgh . They were recently seen escaping in a nondescript gray Toyota Corolla , one of the most common cars in the world . Both men are believed to be from Pittsburgh because of their accents . Tt is thought that they quickly get rid of their baggy clothing after making a getaway . The FBI is offering $ 10,000 for information leading to their arrests .