Ronan Ghosh , 39 , stole £ 200 worth of meat and wine from a Tesco store in Birmingham , court heard . A millionaire company director was caught on CCTV shoplifting £ 200 worth of meat and wine from a Tesco supermarket . Ronan Ghosh , 39 , was filmed attempting to smuggle the goods out of the store in a bag after paying for other items at the checkout . The company boss heads a global recycling company with a turnover of £ 16million , lives in a £ 500,000 home in an exclusive neighbourhood and runs two BMWs . But a court heard that he was caught shoplifting after heading to a Tesco store following an argument with his girlfriend . His own barrister told the judge the offence ` beggars belief ' . Ghosh initially elected trial by jury but he then pleaded guilty to theft . Judge Murray Creed imposed a 12-month community order on Ghosh and told him to complete 80 hours ' unpaid work and pay £ 575 costs . Birmingham Crown Court heard on Tuesday that Ghosh visited the Tesco store in Stratford Road , south Birmingham , on February 21 and was captured on its security cameras selecting items , including meat and bottles of wine , which he put into a bag . Lal Amarasinghe , prosecuting , said he then went to the checkout and paid for shopping that was in his trolley , but not for what was in the bag . Ghosh was detained by a security guard and police were called . In 2009 , the businessman set up RG Recycling -- based in Solihull , West Midlands -- after more than a decade working in the plant and recycling industry . Charnjit Jutla , defending , told the court the firm supplies ` high-value machinery for the recycling industry ' . He added : ` It is a global business . It has a yearly turnover of £ 16million . It beggars belief as to why he finds himself in this court . He accepts full responsibility for what he has done . ' Mr Jutla said Ghosh , who lives in a tree-lined road in Solihull , was ` disappointed with himself and shocked and embarrassed ' . On the day of the theft , his father had told him his mother had been diagnosed with skin cancer and that had ` worried him a lot ' . Mr Jutla said there was also a will being discussed within the family which had put considerable strain on him . Ghosh told police he had visited the Tesco store after having an argument with his girlfriend . He claimed he had not intended to steal the goods . Ghosh , who lives in a luxury £ 550,000 house in leafy Solihull , initially elected trial by jury at Birmingham Crown Court but then pleaded guilty to theft . He was given a 12-month community order and must pay £ 575 in costs . One neighbour of Ghosh said yesterday : ` He has two really nice cars -- BMWs . It 's bizarre that he would do something like shoplifting . He seems really nice and pleasant . ' A number of people in the public eye have been accused of shoplifting . In 2012 , celebrity chef Antony Worrall Thompson was cautioned by police after being caught stealing cheese , onions and discounted coleslaw during five shoplifting episodes in 16 days at a Tesco store in Henley-on-Thames , Oxfordshire . The father-of-four later said counselling sessions had identified childhood abuse as a possible trigger for the shoplifting spree . Sue Terry , the mother of Chelsea and former England football captain John Terry , was cautioned along with his mother-in-law , Sue Poole , in 2009 after being caught with £ 800 of food and clothes from Tesco and Marks & Spencer in Weybridge , Surrey . In 1990 , TV presenter Richard Madeley was accused of taking wines , spirits and soap powder from a Tesco store in Didsbury , south Manchester . He was cleared the following year .