A set of 500 limited edition copies of Kim Kardashian 's highly-anticipated selfie book Selfish , which were signed and numbered by the reality star , sold out less than a minute after going on sale . Although the 34-year-old reality star 's 352-page collection of selfies wo n't be officially be available to the masses until May , Gilt.com offered fans a special pre-sale of copies on Thursday afternoon . In addition to bearing the selfie queen 's signature , the special versions , which retailed for $ 60 per book , also came complete with a special cover featuring a bikini-clad image of the star . In celebration of the book 's phenomenally successful sale , Kim took to Twitter to thank her fans for their support , saying : ` Thanks to everyone who got a copy of Selfish on Gilt ! Crazy it sold out in one minute ! ' Scroll down for video . Star power : Kim Kardashian sports a red string bikini on the new limited edition cover of her photo book Selfish . Eres red bikini . Shop Eres at Net-a-Porter . Visit site . As if having a book dedicated to selfies was n't enough , Kim Kardashian has also announced that she is releasing a special limited edition of her book , Selfish . Those lucky enough to nab themselves one of the five hundred copies will be treated to a hardback cover featuring Kim posing in a red bikini . Kim took this snap back in August last year during a trip to Mexico . Looking sun-kissed , -LRB- with a little help from contouring makeup no doubt -RRB- Kim shows off her tan in a scarlet bikini with her beachy waves swept over one shoulder . We do n't know about you , but the recent heat wave has got us thinking about summer and some new swimwear . Unfortunately , Kim 's two-piece is now sold out , but the high street has just dropped their SS15 swimwear so there 's plenty of alternatives to choose from - check out our top pick in the carousel below . Lauren Ralph Lauren bikini top at Macy 's . Visit site . Missguided red triangle bikini top . Visit site . Patagonia Solid Kupala top at Zappos . Visit site . Boohoo Florence bikini top . Visit site . Thankful : Kim took to Twitter to express her gratitude after her fans snapped up all 500 limited edition copies of her book in less than one minute . Self-loving : Kim teased never-before-seen selfies from the book before its release date , including this behind-the-scenes look from her wedding dress fitting before her nuptials to husband Kanye West . Those that missed out on getting a limited edition copy of the picture-based book should feel too disheartened however , as the book 's official release date is just a few weeks away . Kim brings her Instagram account to life in the new book , which features never-before-seen photos of her life from her early days as Paris Hilton 's personal assistant to the dress fitting for her third marriage . Selfish also contains hundreds of photos flaunting her famous cleavage and derriere , including nude photos . The most recent shot she includes in her selfie album is from the days leading up to her May 24 , 2014 nuptials to Kanye in Florence , Italy . Skinny mini : The Keeping Up With The Kardashians star remembered to share this mirror selfie she took on her old Blackberry phone of her bikini body from back in the day . Pre-belfie : Kim caused a stir in October 2013 when she took to Twitter to reveal her post-baby body in all its glory in a revealing white swimsuit . Booty : The star loves putting her shapely curves on show . One photo shows Kim getting the last minute touches on her custom Givenchy wedding gown at the designer brand 's Haute Couture salon in Paris . While much of her pre-wedding preparations aired on the hit E! reality show Keeping Up With The Kardashians , Kim kept this wedding dress selfie exclusively for her new book . Nowadays , her fans and followers have immediate access to her selfies over Twitter and Instagram , but some of the throwback photos in Selfish prove her candid photography skills were not always innate . Some of the older photos show Kim 's mastery selfie skills at the beginning stages as she plainly glanced at the camera and posed ordinarily . Hair transformation : The reality star plainly glanced at the camera and posed ordinarily for one of the album 's throwback shots in which she showcased her strawberry blonde wig years before she went platinum . Even family ! Kim included this selfie of herself with older sister Kourtney showing off her visible sunglasses tan from a family trip in Mexico . According to New York Daily News , Selfish will have ' 115 cleavage shots , 23 butt shots , 10 nude selfies and only one shot of her baby bump from 2013 . ' The new volume begins with a selfie she captured at the young age of three or four with a blurred shot of her with little sister Khloe from a 1984 disposable camera . ` We did n't call them selfies back then , ' she explained to Harper 's Bazaar about her first selfie snaps saved for Selfish . More Kim to go around : Selfish contains a total of 300 close up shots including 115 cleavage snaps , 23 derriere pictures and 10 nude pictures . ` I had no idea what I was saving , just memories , really . ' And while she 's been at the lense of many famed high-fashion photographers , she admitted that she understands that selfies are not to be taken too seriously . ` You have to have a sense of humor every once in a while , ' she told AdWeek . ` So many people think that taking so many selfies is just ridiculous . For me , what 's so funny is I love taking pictures and posting them on social media for memories . '