Asbestos has been discovered in the roof at New York City 's mayoral residence and work to remove the potentially cancer-causing materials from Gracie Mansion will begin this month . The hazardous material was discovered last month as crews prepared to replace the mayoral mansion 's leaky roof . Officials do not believe the work poses any health risk to Mayor Bill de Blasio and his family , who will remain in the home during the renovation . Asbestos has been discovered in the roof at New York City 's mayoral residence and work to remove the potentially cancer-causing materials from Gracie Mansion will begin this month . Mayor Bill de Blasio and First Lady Chirlane McCray hosting a black history month youth event at Gracie Mansion in February : The family expect to remain in the property during the building work . ` Gracie Mansion is one of Manhattan 's oldest structures built more than 200 years ago and as with any older homes , maintenance is necessary , ' mayoral spokesman Peter Kadushin said on Wednesday . ` Beginning this month Gracie Mansion will undergo asbestos abatement and some long-needed roof repairs . ' The cost of removing the asbestos will be about $ 250,000 and the contract was awarded this week to Regional Management Inc. , officials said . The replacement of the mansion 30-year-old roof , which is being done by Nicholson and Galloway , should cost an additional $ 3.4 million , officials said . The roof was frequently overmatched during rain storms , forcing city work crews to be dispatched to patch problem areas multiple times this winter , officials said . The two projects will be undertaken concurrently and should be completed by October or November , officials said . de Blasio poses with his son Dante -LRB- left -RRB- , daughter Chiara -LRB- right -RRB- , and wife Chirlane outside of their Park Slope home which the family had considered remaining in before moving to Gracie Mansion last July . A storage shed also is being built on the mansion 's property . And officials said that about 10 of the building 's windows were undergoing upgrades to become energy-efficient at the cost of another $ 13,000 . De Blasio 's predecessor , Michael Bloomberg , earmarked $ 3 million to the Parks Department capital budget in 2012 to replace the tired roof . Bloomberg never lived in the mansion during his 12 years in office -- he instead opted to remain at his tony Upper East Side townhome -- but oversaw extensive renovations to the home , which he used for meetings and ceremonial events . After considering remaining in his Brooklyn home , de Blasio , his wife and their two children moved into Gracie Mansion last July . The home , which is managed by the nonprofit Gracie Mansion Conservancy , was built in 1799 , at which time it sat in the countryside more than five miles north of what was then a very small New York City . The mansion was seized by the city in 1896 after its owner failed to pay taxes . It became the official mayoral residence in 1942 . The home , which is managed by the nonprofit Gracie Mansion Conservancy , was built in 1799 , at which time it sat in the countryside more than five miles north of what was then a very small New York City .