Michelle Obama has issued a warning to motorists in the Washington D.C. area that her eldest daughter is now a licensed driver who is sometimes allowed to go out driving on her own . ` I 've got a driver -- a 16-year-old driving around , ' the first lady said during an appearance on Live ! With Kelly and Michael broadcast from the White House on Monday . ` Look out DC , ' she joked . Although Malia receives protection from the Secret Service , Mrs. Obama revealed that she does get to drive outside the White House grounds on her own . SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . Michelle Obama made a special appearance on Live ! With Kelly and Michael broadcast from the White House on Monday . The first lady jokingly issued a warning to motorists in the Washington D.C. area that eldest daughter Malia is now a licensed driver who is sometimes allowed to go out driving on her own . 3.1 Phillip Lim cropped high waisted wide leg trouser pants at Saks Fifth Avenue . Shop the trousers at Saks . Visit site . America 's fashionable first lady looks just as much at ease wearing ball gowns or a pair of trousers . At a recent appearance on Live ! With Kelly and Michael , Michelle Obama paired a 3.1 Phillip Lim white wide leg pants with a green , white and black print blouse . Her outfit choice is obviously comfort driven and perfect for spring ! Along with the trendy monochrome color palette , the always stylish Mrs Obama also embraced the white hot trend of wide leg pants . After many years of skinny pant dominance , the roomy silhouette is once again back in fashion . Just in time for the warmer weather , wear them with sneakers or go glam and pair them with high heels . Either way , these pants will turn heads on the streets . Check out our great selection of white wide leg pants . With designer as well as budget friendly options , you too could dance to Uptown Funk in these delectable pants . Halston Heritage Trousers at Bloomingdale 's . Visit site . Chelsea 28 high rise wide leg pants . Visit site . Milly Cady pintuck pants . Visit site . Dailylook classic wide leg pants . Visit site . ` She always has security around . But in order for her to learn how to drive , she had to drive on her own . So once she was legally permitted to drive on her own , she gets in her car , ' said Mrs. Obama . Her eldest daughter 's newfound freedom had reminded the first lady that not having dirven herself in seven years she had forgotten how to . When Malia asked her mom about how to park in a public parking lot , the first last admitted she was stumped . ` I barely know now too so I have to check with other sources , ' she said . The first lady also discussed a Time magazine article which named Malia and sister Sasha among the 25 Most Influential Teens of 2014 . ` I do n't know why -- they 're not influential , they just live here ! ' she joked . ` They have done nothing to gain any influence . ' ` I do n't think they even realize that they 're influential , ' she added . ` I do n't think anybody showed them that article , so do n't mention it ! ' ` They 're not influential ' : The first lady also jokingly dismissed a Time magazine article which had named her daughters as influential teens . President Obama and the first lady greeted participants at the White House before the annual White House Easter Egg Roll on Monday . Tens of thousands of people gathered on the White House South Lawn for the annual Easter egg roll festivities which the president officially started by blowing on a whistle . The first lady -- who is celebrating the fifth anniversary of her Let 's Move ! campaign -- also noted that both her teenager daughters are very familiar with the concept of sarcasm . ` When they get a little snarky , I 'm like , ` Oh , you sound like your dad ! '' Tens of thousands of people gathered on the White House South Lawn on Monday for the annual Easter egg roll festivities . This year 's theme is #GimmeFive , which is part of Mrs. Obama 's campaign to try to get young people to be more active and lead healthier lives . Monday 's events included sports and fitness zones , cooking demonstrations , and of course , the traditional egg roll . The egg roll is one of the longest-standing White House traditions . In 1878 , President Rutherford B. Hayes opened the White House grounds to local children for egg rolling . President Obama , first lady Michelle Obama , with dogs Bo -LRB- top -RRB- and and Sunny -LRB- bottom -RRB- , and the Easter Bunny joined participants before the annual White House Easter Egg Roll in Washington on Monday . Festive : The First Family pictured outside Alfred Street Baptist Church in Alexandria , Virginia , after Sunday 's Easter service . President in the house : Obama can be seen to the right of the picture above worshiping on Sunday . The First Family has kicked off this year 's Easter celebrations on Sunday with a visit to the Alfred Street Baptist Church in Alexandria , Virginia . Rev Howard-John Wesley had opened the service by welcoming the president , before urging the congregation not to take selfies with him . ` How fitting that on the day we celebrate the rising of our Lord and savior , we also welcome our sitting president , ' Wesley said , as the congregation rose to their feet in applause . ` This is not selfie time , ' Wesley said jokingly . ` Let the brother worship in the house of God . ' Churchgoers traditionally walk around to shake hands and give hugs during the greetings and announcements portion of service , but the pastor encouraged the crowd to stay in their seats and greet only their closest neighbors , as the sanctuary was tightly secured with Secret Service agents . The choir - including women in purple dresses and men sporting purple ties - sang a lively rendition of the hymn ` He Lives , ' stirring most of the church , filled to capacity , to clap , sing and sway in praise alongside the upbeat organ keys while ushers collected the tithes and offering . Singalong : The family -LRB- pictured in the second row of the congregation -RRB- joined in with upbeat hymns . People queued around the block for the service in Alexandria , monitored by federal security officers . The lively pastor based his sermon around a scripture from 1 Corinthians 15 on the life and resurrection of Christ . ` Where do you stand in the resurrection of Christ , ' he asked . ` You either believe it or reject it . ' Wesley said the sacrifices of Christ allowed the congregation to be forgiven for their own sins . ` He took the pain for me . I owe him my life . I owe him my praise . I owe him my hallelujah , ' he said . Appearing on Jimmy Fallon 's talk show this week , the first lady revealed that she and her husband will be performing a routine with So You Think You Can Dance contestants on the front lawn of the White House during the annual Easter Egg Roll . It will be to the tune of Uptown Funk . Michelle said she has been practicing the dance , called Gim me Five ! , for over a year in the hope that it will inspire children to exercise . Well wishes : Michelle Obama tweeted this message to her thousands of followers on Sunday morning .