Juventus have ruled out a move for Manchester United loan star Radamel Falcao after claiming the Colombia striker 's wages are ` beyond their means ' . Falcao has endured a difficult period at Old Trafford after arriving in an expensive loan deal from Monaco last summer . The 29-year-old is unlikely to remain at the club after scoring only four goals and failing to force his way into Louis van Gaal 's starting XI . Juventus general manager Beppe Marotta has claimed that Falcao wanted to come to Turin last summer but the Serie A champions have now taken themselves out of the race to sign him . Radamel Falcao -LRB- right -RRB- has scored only four goals since arriving at Manchester United from Monaco . The Colombian is expected to leave in the summer , although Juventus claim they can not afford him . ` Falcao is a Monaco player on loan at Manchester United and his wages are substantial and beyond our means , ' Marotta told La Gazzetta dello Sport . ` It 's utopian to imagine him in a Juventus shirt . ' However , Marotta did claim the Italians , who reached the Champions League semi-finals at the expense of Monaco on Wednesday , were interested in strike pair Paulo Dybala and Edinson Cavani . With former Manchester City striker Carlos Tevez set to return to Boca Juniors at the end of the season , Juventus need to reinforce their forward line with Palermo 's Dybala and Edinson of Paris Saint Germain at the top of their wishlist . The Serie A champions have expressed an interest in highly rated Palermo youngster Paulo Dybala . With Dybala rated at £ 35m , PSG 's unsettled striker Edinson Cavani could be a cheaper alternative . ` We do like Dybala and he is one of our objectives , ' Marotta said . ` I wo n't hide the fact that I have met with -LSB- Palermo president Maurizio -RSB- Zamparini -- even if I do go and deny it , he will only blurt it out anyway . ` He 's a great player , but alongside him you need experienced players too . We 're trying to find an agreement with Zamparini for this player who we like , but we 're not the only ones who like him . Let 's just see what happens . ' Juventus players celebrate after beating Monaco to reach the Champions League semi-finals . The 21-year-old , who has scored 13 goals this term , is rated at £ 35million by his club - a fee that the Old Lady would not be prepared to meet , leading Marotta to also express his interest in Uruguay forward Cavani . ` We 've not had any contact with Paris Saint-Germain for Cavani , but if he were to be placed on the market , then we would have a little chat , ' Marotta said .