A property developer in a wealthy Connecticut suburb believes his family are the victims of small-town vengeance which saw his son demoted in the local Little League to punish him for threatening the town 's overwhelmingly white ethnic makeup . Christopher Stefanoni , a 50-year-old from Darien , a town of 21,000 with a median household income of $ 200,000 , says his nine-year old was kicked off his team and put in a lower-ranking one just after he proposed developments involving affordable housing . According to a lawsuit filed by Stefanoni , locals are so worried at the prospect of the town 's black population - currently 70 people , or 0.33 per cent - getting any bigger that they hit back through the medium of baseball . Small-town fury : Christopher Stefanoni , 50 , says his nine-year-old son was moved into a lower Little League team because his affordable housing homes threatened the ethnic makeup of the extremely white town . As well as his son being booted to a lesser team in the league , Stefanoni was also banned from coaching . The town and the Little League both deny that the goings-on of the Little League and Stefanoni 's housing plans are linked . In court documents they describe his grievance as ` an imaginary slight that has no connection to reality ' . U.S. Census information says that Darien is 94 per cent white , with 620 Hispanic residents and fewer than 100 blacks . Stefanoni said two proposals were rejected by town officials ; a 16-apartment complex with five affordable units , and a 30-apartment one with nine affordable units . He said : ` Darien is a little white enclave , sort of a holdout segregated town . The attitudes that people in Darien have are very exclusionary , demeaning . ` When they go after your kids , they 've crossed the line ' . The town has previously been investigated by the Justice Department over a policy which gave affordable housing priority to people who already lived and worked in Darien . Swanky : This photograph shows Darien 's downtown area , complete with picturesque New England architecture and expensive cars parked up in front of boutique stores . The policy was dropped before the investigation finished . The lawsuit and a federal housing investigation reopened old wounds in Darien . The town was made famous by the 1947 Oscar-winner Gentleman 's Agreement , starring Gregory Peck , which depicted anti-Semitic residents conspiring not to sell property to Jews . Stefanoni and his wife , Margaret , filed the lawsuit in 2013 against the Darien Little League those who were in charge when their son was demoted , in fall 2010 . The demotion came just days after Stefanoni filed an affordable housing application for property right next to the home of a former league official . Several months later , Stefanoni was banned from coaching in the league . Lawyers for the Little League deny the allegations and have filed a motion to have the suit dismissed . According to court documents , league officials say they made a mistake placing the Stefanoni 's son on a higher-level team , after the housing application was filed , and corrected the error by moving him to another team . Sceptical : Deli owner Rob WIlliamson , pictured in front of his store , does not think the town is conspiring to keep out black people . In the application they wrote : ` Mr Stefanoni is pursuing a baseless litigation as a means to harass and retaliate against defendants for an imaginary slight that has no connection to reality or to the civil rights laws that he purports to vindicate . ' Former Little League board members named in the lawsuit declined to comment . Stefanoni made a total of three affordable housing applications , one of which was ultimately approved . The lawsuit includes allegations about city officials blocking affordable housing applications to keep blacks from moving into town , claims identical to those in another pending federal lawsuit against the town by a different affordable housing developer whose project was rejected . The U.S. Department of Justice in 2010 began investigating whether the town was violating the Fair Housing Act with a zoning policy approved in 2009 that gave top priority for new affordable housing to Darien residents and other people with ties to the town , including town employees . The planning and zoning commission rescinded the policy later in 2010 , and the Justice Department closed the investigation in 2012 without taking any action , the Darien Times reported . Unfortunate reputation : Darien was immortalized in 1947 by the likes of Gregory Peck in Gentleman 's Agreement , which depicted townsfolk conspiring to keep out Jews by not selling them property . According to state data , 2.6 percent of Darien 's nearly 7,100 housing units qualify as affordable . Connecticut Governor Dannel Malloy has called affordable housing one of the state 's most pressing needs and has committed hundreds of millions of dollars for more affordable housing . In 2010 , Darien won a four-year exemption to a state law making it easier for developers to build in towns with less than 10 percent affordable housing and town officials expect to win another after resolving a dispute with the state . The town says it is entitled to the exemption under a complicated formula involving existing affordable housing units . Darien First Selectman Jayme Stevenson said the town has made significant efforts to increase affordable housing and its housing practices are n't discriminatory . ` The Darien of today bears no resemblance to the allegations that the Stefanonis ... are intending to propagate , ' she said . ` These folks are developers and they 're looking to develop housing and make some money . ' Rob Williamson , owner of Uncle 's Deli in downtown Darien , said he does n't believe the town is being discriminatory in rejecting affordable housing applications . ` The town 's small , very tight knit , ' the resident of nearby Stamford said . ` That does n't mean we want to keep anyone out . It 's a small , little New England town and I think they want to keep it that way . '