The father of a 6-year-old girl whose teeth were so rotten her life was endangered pleaded guilty to reckless endangerment . Kenneth Wanamaker Jr , 37 , pleaded guilty on Friday , weeks before a scheduled trial in the Northhampton County , Pennsylvania , case against him after the vast majority of his daughter 's teeth were found to be abscessed . A dentist had testified the girl 's teeth were in such bad shape they posed a potentially fatal threat to her health . Kenneth Wanamaker Jr , 37 , of Northhampton County , Pennsylvania , pleaded guilty to reckless endangerment after his daughter 's teeth were found to be in a possibly fatal condition -LRB- File photo , August 14 -RRB- . A dentist report said that the girl had fourteen abscessed . She had been scheduled for surgery in March but did not have the procedure because her parents did not set up a pre-operation examination . Fourteen of the girl 's 20 teeth were either abscessed , and two more needed to be pulled or had severe root and tooth decay , the dentist said , according to the Morning Call . She had been scheduled to have surgery on her teeth in March but did not end up having an procedure because her parents never scheduled a pre-operation examination . Wanamaker also pleaded guilty to false swearing and is eligible for parole . His sentence is two months to a year in prison , but he 's been in jail since having his bail revoked in December for failing to enroll in drug treatment and was still behind bars as of Friday afternoon . Defense attorney Mark Freeman said the girl 's treatment was put off while the family looked for an affordable way to pay for it . Authorities still are investigating Wanamaker and his partner Jessica Hoffman , 32 , in connection to the deaths of Wanamaker 's other children . A seven-month-old baby boy Tyler died of pneumonia in 2011 , and there were two stillborn deliveries since 2007 , one of which was linked to his Hoffman 's methamphetamine abuse , prosecutors said . Wanamaker -LRB- right -RRB- and his partner Jessica Hoffman -LRB- left -RRB- 32 , are also being investigated for the death of their 7-month-old baby boy in 2011 . Wanamaker said that he and his partner are raising a happy , well-adjusted family that is involved in activities such as youth car racing . The mother had tested positive for meth in 2013 after arriving at the hospital with one of her still born baby Krystopher 's arms already out of the birth canal , the Morning Call reported . She gave birth to another child last year . A district attorney said that he would reach a decision about further prosecutions within several weeks . Wanamaker will also pay a $ 750 fine to local Division of Children , Youth and Families and complete 15 hours of community service as part of his sentence . Hoffman , 32 , was said to have gained back custody of her children after complying with court supervision . The father told WPVI that he and his partner are raising a happy , well-adjusted family that is involved in activities such as youth car racing . Other charges against Wanamaker have been withdrawn . Hoffman 's case has been moved to June after she received a new lawyer . Arrangements are being made for the daughter to have oral surgery this summer .