John Hartson was once on the end of a major Hampden injustice while playing for Celtic - but he can not see any point in his old club writing to the Scottish Football Association over the latest controversy at the national stadium . Celtic issued a statement on Monday evening revealing they were ` seeking an understanding ' of the failure to penalise Inverness defender Josh Meekings for stopping a goal-bound Leigh Griffiths header with his hand . Celtic were leading 1-0 at the time but went on to lose 3-2 and some fans have questioned how referee Steven McLean and additional assistant Alan Muir could have missed the infringement . Celtic striker Leigh Griffiths has a goal-bound shot blocked by the outstretched arm of Josh Meekings . Kris Commons of Celtic appeals unsuccessfully for a penalty before Celtic crash out . John Hartson , pictured at golf charity event , has urged his former club to move on from the injustice . Hartson had a goal wrongly disallowed for offside while Celtic were 2-1 down in an Old Firm League Cup final and the Welshman went on to miss a last-minute penalty that could have sparked extra-time . But he refused to dwell on the match officials ' error - and called on Celtic to move on from the latest setback rather than writing letters . ` I 'm not sure what sort of purpose it 's going to serve , ' said Hartson as he launched a ` Know Your Balls ' testicular cancer awareness drive at his charity 's annual golf day at Mar Hall in Bishopton . ` It has happened before and will happen again . There 's a lot of disappointment at Celtic and rightly so , it should have been a penalty . David Raven -LRB- 2nd right -RRB- celebrates with team-mates after scoring the late winner in 3-2 victory . Celtic pair Aleksandar Tonev -LRB- left -RRB- and John Guidetti look dejected as their hopes of a domestic treble end . ` I think the referee just missed it . When you are questioning people 's integrity and honesty , that can sometimes go a little overboard . The referee just missed a decision , I 'm sure if he 'd seen it he would have given it . ` It happened to me in 2003 when I scored a legitimate goal against Rangers at Hampden Park in a cup final . It was proven to be two yards onside and it got called offside . It was a big moment for me . ` I was disappointed for two days and I got over it , and I think Celtic will get over it . ` They feel they have a right to complain , and that 's what they want to do , but I 'm not too sure what they are going to gain by it . ' Hartson believes Ronny Deila can still class his first season as Celtic manager a success if they go on to clinch the Scottish Premiership title - they can move eight points clear of Aberdeen by beating Dundee at Dens Park on Wednesday . ` I think they will never get a better opportunity to win the treble , ' the former Wales striker said . ` They got the League Cup final in the bag and they could have played a Championship team -LRB- Falkirk -RRB- in the final . Celtic manager Ronny Deila has criticised an official 's decisions during Scottish Cup defeat to Inverness . ` So it 's a missed opportunity but I think if you had offered a chance to win a double to a young rookie manager who had not managed anywhere near this level , a lot of people did n't know who he was , I think he would have taken that . ` When he sits in the summer and has a moment to himself he will probably realise it has been a successful season , tinged with disappointment because he has not joined great managers like Jock Stein and Martin O'Neill . ` Obviously they have a little work to do to get over the line but they should win the league and they should be fairly pleased . '