At first glance , the ingredients might look pretty normal : dates , sesame , sunflower and pumpkin seeds , and chocolate . But the last step of the recipe for the Jungle Bar might leave you a little squeamish : cricket flour , which is essentially crickets ground up into a powder . The bar itself is claimed to be a good source of iron and protein - owing to the crickets - but whether you 'll want to bite into one is another matter . Scroll down for video . An Icelandic duo has created a snack that is made using cricket flour . Called the Jungle Bar it also contains dates , sesame seeds and chocolate . Cricket flour is said to be a good source of protein and other nutrients . The duo hopes it will encourage people in the West to eat more insects . The Jungle Bar is being developed by Icelandic duo Búi Bjarmar Aðalsteinsson and Stefán Atli Thoroddsen through their company Crowbar Protein . On Kickstarter they are seeking £ 10,000 -LRB- $ 15,000 -RRB- for the insect-powered protein bar . They previously rose to fame with their Fly Factory , a micro-factory that used larvae to create foods including chocolate cake and pâté . Ingredients . Dates , sesame , sunflower and pumpkin seeds , chocolate and cricket flour . Nutrition information . The bar is 50 grams -LRB- 1.7 ounces -RRB- , 200 calories , contains 8 grams of high quality protein -LRB- 16 per cent of the bar -RRB- and has a shelf life of 1 year . The duo say that insects are a largely untapped source of nutrients in the Western world , and they hope their product could spark a change in diet habits . To make the bar , the team has cricket flour sent in , from farm-raised crickets that have been ground down . It is then mixed with the other ingredients to make the unusual bar . Cricket flour is useful because it contains a lot of minerals , vitamins and nutrients that are essential for the human body . It has a high protein content , and it 's full of iron , calcium , B-12 vitamin , and omega-3 and 6 . To make the bar , the team has cricket flour sent in , from farm-raised crickets that have been ground down -LRB- stock image of a great green bush-cricket shown -RRB- . Cricket flour -LRB- left -RRB- is useful because it contains a lot of minerals , vitamins and nutrients that are essential for the human body . Pictured right are inventors Stefán Atli Thoroddsen -LRB- left -RRB- and Búi Bjarmar Aðalsteinsson . If you want to try a Jungle Bar for yourself , you can buy a box of six on Kickstarter for $ 25 . The team expects to begin shipping in August 2015 . ` We see Jungle Bar playing a big part in a food revolution , towards a more conscious era of food , where edible insects are a big part of our diets , ' said Mr Aðalsteinsson in a video . The Jungle Bar is also free from gluten , peanuts , dairy and soy . ` Insects are an excellent source of protein , good fats , minerals and vitamins , ' the team said on their Kickstarter page . ` In fact , they give us exactly what we want in a healthy and nutritious lifestyle , that 's why we use edible insects in Jungle Bar . ` It 's a great alternative to other protein rich foods , and much more sustainable ! ' If you want to try a Jungle Bar for yourself , you can buy a box of six on Kickstarter for £ 17 -LRB- $ 25 -RRB- . The team expects to begin shipping in August 2015 . Last year the duo unveiled their Fly Factory -LRB- pictured -RRB- that breeds insect larvae for human consumption . Using the micro-factory they created larvae pâté and a coconut-choclate flavoured dessert , and they said the project could be used to help alleviate global food shortages .