A former High Court judge who led the inquiry into the Bradford stadium fire which killed 56 football fans has dismissed claims the blaze was not an accident saying they are ` nonsense ' . A new book by author Martin Fletcher has revealed a series of other blazes at businesses owned by or associated with Stafford Heginbotham , the club 's chairman at the time of the tragedy in 1985 . The official inquiry into the blaze , led by Mr Justice Oliver Popplewell , concluded that the fire was an accident , probably caused by a spectator dropping a cigarette into rubbish that had accumulated under an old timber stand at the Valley Parade ground . Former Bradford City chairman Stafford Heginbotham , left , with Mr Justice Popplewell in the aftermath of the Bradford City fire . Today , the former judge has dismissed claims the blaze was not an accident . The stand at the Valley Parade ground burns after a fire in 1985 . 56 football fans were killed in the tragedy . Today Sir Oliver was asked about the new allegations in an interview on BBC Radio Leeds , where he rubbished Mr Fletcher 's claims . The retired judge said the main flaw in the argument that the fire was arson was that the stand involved had no insurance value as it was due for demolition . He also added that the fire was examined by experienced and thorough investigators , who found nothing suspicious and that no question of arson was ever raised in civil legal proceedings . He explained : ` I 'm sorry to spoil what is obviously a very good story but I 'm afraid it 's nonsense for a number of reasons . ' Sir Oliver also rejected claims his inquiry was held too quickly , three weeks after the fire . He added : ` I can quite understand after having previous fires some suspicion being raised but , as far as I 'm concerned , we conducted our inquiry perfectly properly and I have no reason believe it was other than an accident . ' The new claims about the fire at Valley Parade are contained in the book Fifty-Six by Mr Fletcher , who was 12 at the time and escaped the blaze . Author Martin Fletcher has revealed a series of other blazes at businesses owned by or associated with Stafford Heginbotham , the club 's chairman at the time of the tragedy in 1985 . He is pictured here with his mother Susan as a 12-year-old . The fire broke out near to half-time during Bradford 's game against Lincoln City on May 11 , 1985 and within four minutes the stand was completely ablaze . Mr Fletcher lost three generations of his family in the tragedy , including his 11-year-old brother Andrew , the fire 's youngest victim , as well as his father John , 34 , uncle Peter , 32 , and grandfather Eddie , 63 . The book , published today and being serialised in The Guardian , does not make any direct allegations but Mr Fletcher says Mr Heginbotham 's history with fires , which he claims resulted in payouts totalling around £ 27 million in today 's terms , warranted further investigation . He asks : ` Could any man really be as unlucky as Heginbotham had been ? ' The disaster also occurred at a time , according to Mr Fletcher 's evidence , when the businessman was in desperate financial trouble - and two days after he discovered it would cost £ 2million to bring the ground up to safety standards required by Bradford 's promotion from the old Third Division . The fire at the ground broke out close to half-time during Bradford 's home game against Lincoln City on May , 11 , 1985 . An official inquiry found that the fire was started by accidentally when a fan discarded a cigarette on to rubbish below the timber stand . Mr Fletcher is the only survivor to publicly challenge the official inquiry , which took place three weeks after the fire . Mr Fletcher is the only survivor to publicly challenge the official inquiry , describing it as inadequate and saying it took place far too close to the event . Meanwhile Mr Heginbotham 's son James , 47 , has defended his father , who died in 1995 . He told told the Daily Mirror : ` When you actually do your homework and see what he did for Bradford City Football Club it is a sickening accusation . It is just absolutely ridiculous . ` He never recovered from the fire . The stress of it is what killed him eventually . ` He 's no longer here to defend himself . It 's a real shame it has come to this . ' Meanwhile , yesterday former sports minister Gerry Sutcliffe said the new allegations do not justify a new inquiry into the disaster . The remains of the stand after the fire . West Yorkshire Police said the force would consider any new evidence about the blaze , which also injured 265 people . Former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher visited Valley Parade to survey the damage to the stand and pay her respects with her husband Dennis . Mr Sutcliffe , MP for Bradford South and deputy leader of Bradford City Council at the time of the tragedy , said he knew Mr Heginbotham ` flew by the seat of his pants ' in terms of the finances of the club , but remains convinced by the conclusion of the inquiry . West Yorkshire Police said the force would consider any new evidence about the fire . Detective Superintendent Mark Ridley , of the Homicide and Major Enquiry Team , said : ` The jury at the inquest in 1985 delivered a verdict of misadventure . ` However should any evidence come to light which was not available to Her Majesty 's Coroner at the original inquest , then we will consider its significance and take appropriate action . ' A minute 's silence is due to be held at every Premier League and Football League match on Saturday , April 25 to mark the forthcoming 30th anniversary of the fire . It was the worst stadium fire in the history of British football and prompted important safety changes in grounds across the land . The final of game of the season should have been a day of celebration for Bradford City . Before kick-off the team were presented with the trophy for winning the Third Division title as 11,076 fans watched on . But instead , May 11 , 1985 ended in tragedy as flames engulfed the Main Stand at Valley Parade . The Valley Parade blaze is considered the worst stadium fire in the history of British football and prompted important safety changes in grounds across the land . The fire was spotted at 3.40 pm towards the end of the first half and within minutes the stand packed with 4,000 spectators was fully ablaze . The disaster left 56 supporters dead and a further 265 injured . In the years that followed , new legislation was introduced governing safety at the nation 's sports grounds . The tragedy brought about an unprecedented community spirit in the city , with , among many other initiatives , a fundraising drive for the Burns Unit at Bradford Royal Infirmary . In 2010 , on the 25th anniversary , there were an estimated two thousand at the service in the city 's Centenary Square but this year there has been such a surge of interest that the club considered moving it to Valley Parade .