Chelsea are discussing the possibility of a post-season tour , a move that could upset numerous international managers . Jose Mourinho did n't rule out a potential 12,000-mile round trip to Japan , home of new sponsors Yokohama Rubber , . No final decision has been made on a destination but if a tour goes ahead , the squad is likely to fly out on either May 28 or 29 for a two-match , week-long trip . Jose Mourinho did not rule out the prospect of a 12,000-mile round trip for a pre-season tour in Japan . The news may concern a string of international bosses who will be relying on Chelsea players for their mid-June friendlies and qualifiers . For instance , Belgium face France in a friendly on June 7 before a vital Euro 2016 qualifier against Wales on June 12 . England , Spain and Serbia , who all have Chelsea players in their squads , all have games between June 12-14 . Likewise , the proposed tour would also have implications for Chelsea 's South American contingent , including Oscar , Willian and Juan Cuadrado , ahead of the Copa America on June 11 . FIFA rules state that nations are entitled to players 14 days before the start of a tournament . It is highly likely that those players involved in the Copa America would be given permission to miss Chelsea 's post-season tour . Chelsea are yet to finalise plans for their pre-season as they lead the way at the top of the Premier League . Mourinho said : ` I think we 'll go on an after-season tour to play a couple of matches in some destination where people will be very enthusiastic to have the Premier League champions , if we win it . ` It 's something we are thinking about , a good way to celebrate . Not a victory parade , but a trip , a week where we play a couple of matches but , at the same time , can be together without the pressure of winning every match , without the pressure and tension of the last weeks of the Premier League . ` We can also relax and go to holidays with that good feeling . But we still have nine matches to play . ` Mr Bruce Buck and the board are talking with me . We want to go somewhere where people are enthusiastic to have a club like Chelsea . ` Japan ? I do n't know but that would make some sense . '