A radical change in the law to protect a generation of children from the tide of internet sleaze will be introduced if the Conservatives win the election . Culture and Media Secretary Sajid Javid is setting out plans to shield youngsters from easy access to hardcore online pornography amid fears that it is corroding childhood . He promised legislation to force distributors to put effective age verification technology in place that would apply to those based in the UK as well as abroad . Scroll down for video . Easy access : The rising tide of online pornography is corroding children - but the Tories have now pledged to a radical change in the law to protect a generation of children from the tide of internet sleaze . If porn websites fail to comply , they will be blocked by a powerful new regulator which will be able to issue financial penalties . Mr Javid 's pledge is a victory for the Daily Mail 's long-running Block Online Porn campaign . Ministers have already persuaded internet service providers to start contacting all 19million UK households connected to the web and making them choose whether to apply family-friendly filters that block all porn sites . In addition , for any new broadband users , a block on pornographic websites is automatically applied by default . Customers now have to specifically ask for this filter to be removed -- or to ` opt in ' -- in order to able to access adult material . But Mr Javid said a more radical crackdown was necessary to prevent children freely accessing pornography . ` Even the most attentive and engaged parents can not know for sure which websites our children are visiting and what images they 're seeing , ' the minister told the Mail . ` In 2015 anyone , regardless of their age , is only ever two clicks away from the kind of material that would be kept well away from young eyes in the high street . ` Imagine a 12-year-old-boy being allowed to walk into a sex shop and leave with a DVD showing graphic , violent sexual intercourse and the subjugation of women , ' he said . ` Yet each and every day children right across our country are being exposed to such images -- it 's happening online . ' Mr Javid , who is increasingly tipped as a potential future Conservative leader , cited evidence that viewing hardcore porn can lead to children ` pressuring each other to try out things they 've seen , and sharing inappropriate sexual pictures and videos ' . ` It is because of these types of concerns that we have long restricted and regulated adult content in the offline world -- magazines , TV , DVDs or video-on-demand content . ` Such protections are taken for granted , and , as the Daily Mail has argued for years , it 's time our approach to the online world caught up . ' Mr Javid said if the Tories win next month ` we will legislate to put online hardcore pornography behind effective age verification controls ' . ` If websites showing adult content do n't have proper age controls in place -- ones that will stop children looking at this kind of material -- they should and will be blocked altogether , ' he added . An independent regulator will oversee the new system and determine how age verification controls will work . These are likely to involve similar software in place on gambling websites , which use credit card details or software to check passport details or driving licences to confirm users are over 18 . Mr Javid 's pledge is a victory for the Daily Mail 's Block Online Porn campaign . The regulator will also be given the power to require UK service providers to block specific websites identified as distributing hardcore pornography without effective age verification controls in place . It will have the power to issue targeted sanctions , including financial penalties . Mr Javid added : ` It is right that we have the same rules applying online as we do offline . If we fail to take action , there is every chance the sort of things children see on these websites will be considered ` normal ' by the next generation . That is not the sort of society I want to see and certainly not the sort of society I want my children to live in . ' Sarah Green , of the End Violence against Women Coalition , said the group ` warmly welcomed ' the proposals . Peter Wanless , of the NSPCC , said : ` We do n't want children to learn about sex and relationships through the warped lens of adult pornography . ` This week we warned that ten per cent of children aged 12 and 13 were addicted to porn and one in eight had taken part in a sexually explicit video . Any action that makes it more difficult for young people to find this material is to be welcomed . ' It 's time to protect children online . By SAJID JAVID , Culture & Media Secretary , writing exclusively for MailOnline . Imagine a 12-year-old-boy being allowed to walk into a sex shop and leave with a DVD showing graphic , violent sexual intercourse and the subjugation of women . You would , quite rightly , ask whether society should allow such a young mind to view hard-core pornography . I 'm sure we 'd all agree that the answer would be an emphatic `` no '' . Yet each and every day children right across our country are being exposed to such images . And it 's happening online . The internet has been an amazing force for good in so many ways . But it also brings new threats and challenges for us to contend with . I 'm a father of four young children and I know all too well that the online world can be a worrying place for mums and dads . After all , even the most attentive and engaged parents can not know for sure which websites our children are visiting and what images they 're seeing . Culture and Media Secretary Sajid Javid is setting out plans to shield youngsters from easy access to hardcore online pornography . In 2015 anyone , regardless of their age , is only ever two clicks away from the kind of material that would be kept well away from young eyes in the high street . And allowing young people to access pornography carries alarming consequences both for individuals and for society . It can lead to children pressuring each other to try out things they 've seen online , and sharing inappropriate sexual pictures and videos . And it can lead to children having unhealthy attitudes towards sex AND relationships . It is because of these types of concerns that we have long restricted and regulated adult content in the offline world -- whether that is magazines , TV programmes , DVDs or video-on-demand content . Such protections are taken for granted , and , as the Daily Mail has argued for years , it 's time our approach to the online world caught up . So today we are announcing that , if the Conservatives win the next general election , we will legislate to put online hard-core pornography behind effective age verification controls . Of course adults should be perfectly free to look at these sites . But if websites showing adult content do n't have proper age controls in place -- ones that will stop children looking at this kind of material -- they should and will be blocked altogether . No sex shop on the high street would be allowed to remain open if it knowingly sold pornography to underage customers , and there is no reason why the internet should be any different . An independent regulator will oversee this new system . It will determine , in conjunction with websites , how age verification controls will work and how websites that do not put them in place will be blocked . One thing is absolutely clear : the Conservative Party 's commitment to child safety online . For the past five years we have been working with industry on A voluntary basis , an approach that led to the creation of default-on family filters . But filtering is just one way in which we can keep our children safe online . Now we can -- and must -- go further to give our children the best start in life . There will be some who say that this exercise is futile , that websites and children alike will find ways to get around this law . And I agree that there are always people who try to avoid legal restrictions . But we must not let the best be the enemy of the good . It is right that we act now and do what we can to restrict this content . It is right that we have the same rules applying online as we do offline . And it is right that we do everything we can to protect our children . If we fail to take action , there is every chance that the sort of things children see on these websites will be considered ` normal ' by the next generation . That is not the sort of society I want to see and it 's certainly not the sort of society I want my children to live in . Over time Britain 's laws have evolved to reflect our most deeply held values and beliefs , and the protection of children has long been a sacrosanct principle at the heart of that . I do n't believe that we should abandon such an important principle simply because the latest threat to our young people comes from a technology that also brings incredible benefits . There is a choice at this election , and it is between a party which backs families wants to give children the best start in life , and a chaotic Labour Party with no plan . We are clear : adults should and will be free to view legal content , but we would never stand by and allow that 12-year-old boy to buy hardcore pornography from a sex shop . It 's time to make sure our children are just as well protected online as they are on the high street .