The National Trust has replaced antique furniture with beanbags at one of its historic homes in an ` experiment ' which has enraged heritage experts . Furniture dating back to 1820 was moved from the library at Ickworth House in Suffolk earlier this year and replaced with four brown leatherette bean bags . The move was designed to encourage visitors to ` dwell and take in the atmosphere ' in the room but it provoked fury from heritage expects who branded the move ` misguided ' . The National Trust has replaced antique furniture with beanbags in the library of Ickworth House , Suffolk . Now it has emerged that similar experiments will take place at nine other of its venues around the country . Art historian Bendor Grosvenor , whose blog post on his Art History News site about Ickworth sparked the controversy , told The Independent : ` I suspect the hoo-ha about the beanbags may at least cause them rethink what they were going to do . The National Trust said the beanbag experiment was ` short-term ' Pictured : Ickworth House , Suffolk . ` I do n't think you 'll ever bring in a new audience by talking down to it . Experimentation and bringing in new audiences are marvellous but there are better ways of doing it by taking away things people might want to see . It 's patronising nonsense . ' The National Trust 's director of strategy , curatorship and external affairs Simon Murray told The Art Newspaper that the Trust ` presents each house in context ' and that each is different and treated appropriately . He said : ` We are not a museum that takes objects , shows them in a display case , shines a light on them and labels them ' . But he said this meant that ` many visitors find a vast array of objects in front of them , cast a cursory eye over them and do n't get a great deal from the experience . ' He said the beanbag experiment was a short-term arrangement which would not necessarily continue for the whole year . But he added : ` Some of our staff think we should have used a rather different sort of seating and others think it is good as an experiment . '