Jenson Button was denied his 100th race for McLaren after an Energy Recovery System prevented him from making it to the start-line . It capped a miserable weekend for the Briton ; his time in Bahrain plagued by reliability issues . Button spent much of the race on Twitter delivering his verdict as the action unfolded . ` Kimi is the man to watch , ' and ` loving the sparks ' , were among his pearls of wisdom , but the tweet which courted the most attention was a rather mischievous one : ` Ooh is Lewis backing his team mate into Vettel ? ' he quizzed after Rosberg accused Hamilton of pulling off such a manoeuvre in China . Jenson Button waves to the crowd ahead of the Bahrain Grand Prix which he failed to start . Perhaps a career in the media beckons ... Lewis Hamilton has out-qualified and finished ahead of Nico Rosberg at every race this season . Indeed Rosberg has now beaten his Mercedes team-mate only once in the 11 races since the pair infamously collided in Belgium last year . Hamilton secured the 36th win of his career in Bahrain and his 21st from pole position . Only Michael Schumacher -LRB- 40 -RRB- , Ayrton Senna -LRB- 29 -RRB- and Sebastian Vettel -LRB- 27 -RRB- have more . He also became only the sixth F1 driver to lead 2,000 laps . Nico Rosberg has been left in the shade by Lewis Hamilton who celebrates winning his third race of the year . Kimi Raikkonen secured a record seventh podium finish in Bahrain following his superb late salvo , although the Ferrari driver has never won in the Gulf Kingdom . It was the Finn 's first trip to the rostrum since the 2013 Korean Grand Prix , but his triumph brought a typically deadpan response : ` You 're never happy when you finish second ... I 'm a bit pleased to get a result . ' Sparks fly off the back of Kimi Raikkonen 's Ferrari en route to finishing second in Bahrain . Bernie Ecclestone was in the Bahrain paddock this weekend . He denied trying to engineer a deal for Hamilton , out of contract at the end of the season , to join Ferrari despite earlier insisting that such a move would be ` great ' for the sport . The 84-year-old also confirmed that F1 would be in Azerbaijan for the first time next year , even with concerns surrounding the country 's human rights record . ` I think everybody seems to be happy , ' Ecclestone said . ` There does n't seem to be any big problem there . There 's no question of it not being on the calendar . It 's going to be another good race . ' Formula One supremo Bernie Ecclestone speaks to Nico Rosberg ahead of the Bahrain Grand Prix .