Social media platforms have exploded with bright yellow tributes and pictures of wedding dresses as friends , family and complete strangers mourn the death of bride-to-be Stephanie Scott . It comes after police located a body at Cocoparra National Park , in the Riverina region of NSW on Friday night , which they believe to be the 26-year-old who went missing just days before she was due to marry her fiancé and partner of five years . As the Leeton High School teacher 's loved ones gathered for a memorial picnic on Saturday , the day they had planned to watch her walk down the aisle to marry Aaron Leeson-Woolley , her sister Kim Scott asked attendees to ` wear yellow ' in Ms Scott 's memory . Scroll down for video . Hundreds of women around the country hung up their wedding dresses in honour of murder victim Stephanie Scott . Ms Scott , pictured on a wine tour for her hen party last month in Canberra last month with her mother Merrilyn . Police found a body , that they believe to be the high school teacher , on the night before she was die to wed her partner of five years . Ms Scott 's sister Kim Scott asked attendees of a memorial picnic on Saturday to ` wear yellow ' in memory of Stephanie , causing social media users to flood the internet with images of yellow clothing under the hashtag #WearATouchOfYellow . Facebook , Instagram and Twitter were soon flooded by social media users who shared images of their yellow clothing , balloons , ribbons , flowers and posters under the hashtag #WearATouchOfYellow . By 12 pm on Saturday afternoon , the hashtag #StephanieScott was trending in Australia , quickly followed by #PutYourDressOut which began trending at around 2 pm as hundreds of women around the country shared images of their wedding dresses alongside messages of condolences for the bride-to-be and her family . Bridal stores also joined in , with Michele 's Bridal & Formal Wear in Victoria placing yellow balloons in their display windows alongside their gowns . Hundreds of Facebook users also changed their profile pictures to a yellow balloon with the words ` rest in peace Stephanie ' , in a show of solidarity and support for the murder victim . Hundreds of Facebook user also changed their profile pictures to a yellow balloon with the words ` rest in peace Stephanie ' in her honour . Bridal stores also joined in , with Michele 's Bridal & Formal Wear in Victoria placing yellow balloons in their display windows alongside their gowns . #YellowForScotty : Pictures of bright yellow balloons and flowers adorning various public spaces were also shared widely . More than 60,000 people have joined memorial pages for Stephanie Scott on social media as the nation mourns her tragic murder . More than 60,000 people have joined memorial pages for Stephanie Scott on social media as the nation mourns her tragic murder . Amongst those touched by her death is Channel Nine 's Today Show co-host Lisa Wilkinson , who shared a moving social media post alongside an image of the makeshift memorial outside of Ms Scott 's workplace at Leeton in western NSW . ` Tomorrow should have been the happiest day of bride-to-be Stephanie Scott 's life as she walked down the aisle to her childhood sweetheart Aaron and the life they had planned together . Instead , she is out there , somewhere , tonight while her heartbroken fiancé and family plan for her eventual funeral , ' Wilkinson wrote . ` If you 're getting married tomorrow or simply attending a wedding as a guest , why not wear a touch of yellow in memory of Stephanie . And if you can , spread the word ... It 's the very least this beautiful , committed young teacher deserved . ' More than 60,000 people have joined memorial pages for Stephanie Scott on social media as the nation mourns over her tragic murder . By 12 pm on Saturday afternoon , the hashtag #StephanieScott was trending in Australia , quickly followed by #PutYourDressOut which began trending at around 2 pm . ` A little touch of yellow today in memory of Stephanie Scott ... my heart breaks for her fiancé and family , ' one Instagram user wrote . Aside from friends and loved ones of Ms Scott , hundreds of strangers have been touched by her tragic death . Amongst those touched by Ms Scott 's death is Channel Nine 's Today Show co-host Lisa Wilkinson , who shared a touching social media post alongside an image of the makeshift memorial outside of Ms Scott 's workplace . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .