More than a third of GPs are considering retirement in the next five years , a survey shows . Another one in ten is thinking about moving abroad to countries including Canada and Australia , where the pay is higher and workload less stressful . A poll of 15,560 family doctors also found that one in six is considering going part-time and 7 per cent are contemplating quitting altogether . Choices : A poll of 15,560 family doctors found that one in six is considering going part-time and 7 per cent are contemplating quitting altogether -LRB- file picture -RRB- . Senior GPs say they are facing ` incredible ' pressures brought on by an increasingly ageing population who have complicated illnesses , as well as having to chase targets . Their morale is low despite the fact they benefited from a pay deal ten years ago that resulted in their salaries rising by 50 per cent , while allowing them to opt out of working during evenings and weekends . There is now a national recruitment crisis and many surgeries are short-staffed , with increasing numbers of GPs retiring or moving abroad . And they are not being replaced by younger trainees , who view the career as ` second class ' compared to more prestigious roles as hospital doctors or surgeons . Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt last month described the situation as ` worrying ' and pledged to alter targets and invest more in surgeries . The British Medical Association survey , which included GPs in their late 20s through to early 60s , found that 34 per cent were considering retiring within the next five years . ` Worrying ' : Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt -LRB- pictured -RRB- has pledged to alter targets and invest more in surgeries . And a fifth of the 780 trainee GPs included in the poll were already considering moving abroad . Dr Chaand Nagpaul , chairman of the BMA 's GP committee , said : ` This poll lays bare the stark reality of the crisis facing the GP workforce . ` It is clear that incredible pressures on GP services are at the heart of this problem , with escalating demand having far outstripped capacity . ` GPs are overworked and intensely frustrated that they do not have enough time to spend with their patients , especially the increasing numbers of older people with multiple and complex problems . ' Last month , figures showed the number of GPs applying to work abroad had increased by 40 per cent in five years . The most popular destinations are Australia , New Zealand and Canada where they can earn the equivalent of £ 200,000 a year and have more of a work-life balance . GPs in England earn an average of £ 105,000 a year , and many take home considerably more . But they claim they often work 12-hour days or longer , and that ten-minute appointment slots are not sufficient to meet patients ' needs . Dr Maureen Baker , chairman of the Royal College of GPs , said the shortage of family doctors could have a ` devastating impact ' on the future of the NHS .