Tony Pulis insists West Brom chairman Jeremy Peace has given him his word any takeover will not drag on . Owner Peace is open to offers for the Baggies and is understood to want between £ 150million and £ 200million for the club . There is interest from groups from America , Australia and China with Peace setting a June deadline to seal any deal . Tony Pulis insists he has been told by the West Brom chairman that any takeover will not drag on . The Baggies are currently fighting to avoid relegation from the Premier League , and face Liverpool next . And , ahead of Saturday 's visit of Liverpool , Pulis does not expect a long saga . He said : ` He 's -LRB- Peace -RRB- given us that promise that he wo n't be hanging round , if there 's an offer there and there 's a deal to be done he 'll want it done before a certain date and if that does n't happen then he 'll commit himself to the club again . ` I think he wants it to be with the right people . I do n't think he wants to sell it to just anybody , they have to be the right people who are going to invest and look after the club . ` He 's spent a lot of time here and invested a lot of money into the football club to put it where it is . If you look at the stadium , the academy set up , the training ground facilities and everything else . ` This club has moved on very well and they make a profit every year . So he has n't done too bad a job . ' West Brom chairman Jeremy Peace is open to offers for the Midlands club , but will not let a takeover drag on . Pulis praised West Brom forward Saido Berahino , who has recently been in the news for all the wrong reasons . Pulis also dismissed any worries over Saido Berahino after the striker was shown again inhaling nitrous oxide in a picture taken a year ago . The striker joined Aston Villa 's Jack Grealish and Liverpool 's Raheem Sterling in having pictures or video of them taking the legal high emerge . Berahino was first shown last year taking the substance and a second picture appeared this week but the Baggies are understood to be happy with the striker 's version of events . ` You would have to explain to me what they are doing because I have n't got a clue , ' said Pulis . ` It looks like some balloon or something . ` That picture was a year ago . He has been fantastic since I came into the club . ` I 've had no problems with him at all and he 's played well , and fingers crossed he 's going to go to the tournament in the summer with England Under-21s and he will be a big asset to that team . Berahino arrives at Selhurst Park ahead of West Brom 's win over Crystal Palace last weekend . Berahino will this weekend come up against Raheem Sterling , who has also been in trouble off the pitch . ` If you watch us train , after every session there will be two or three out there and he will be one of them , doing extra work and he 's been first class . ' Berahino will face Sterling at The Hawthorns on Saturday and Pulis , who is without the suspended Youssouf Mulumbu and ineligible Andre Wisdom , is looking forward to the showdown . ` They will play and it will be interesting , ' he said . ` Sterling has been outstanding . Saido is a little bit behind in some respects but you have to understand and recognise that one of them is playing at a really top club and there is a difference in standard , without a doubt . '