Thomas Muller became the leading German scorer in the Champions League on Tuesday night and engaged in a raucous exchange with Bayern Munich supporters as Pep Guardiola 's side celebrated a famous win . Muller , 25 , netted the fourth goal of Bayern 's 6-1 demolition of Porto in the second leg of the Champions League quarter-final at the Allianz Arena to secure their place in the last four . It was the World Cup winner 's 27th Champions League goal , taking him past former Bayern team-mate Mario Gomez and making him the highest-scoring German since the tournament took its current shape in 1992 . Thomas Muller leads the celebrations with Bayern Munich supporters after the Champions League win . The Germany international uses a megaphone to stir up the fans that remained after the final whistle . Supporters responded to Muller 's chants as they celebrated the win against Porto on Tuesday night . Muller lets out a cry as the supporters joined in behind him after Bayern Munich reached the last four . 1 . Thomas Muller - 27 . 2 . Mario Gomez - 26 . 3 . Michael Ballack - 16 . 4 . Miroslav Klose - 14 . 5 . Carsten Jancker - 13 . It was a night to savour in Bavaria as the home side blitzed their Portuguese opposition , who had sprung a surprise in the first leg by inflicting a 3-1 defeat on the Bundesliga champions . But five first-half goals by Thiago Alcantara , Jerome Boateng , Robert Lewandowski -LRB- two -RRB- and Muller ensured Bayern 's safe passage into the semi-final . And after the match the Bayern players remained on the pitch for some time as they celebrated with supporters behind the goal . As the squad lined up linking arms in the penalty area Muller scaled the fence to reach the first row of fans , and with a megaphone in hand stirred up a frenzy as he led the chants . The supporters followed before Muller climbed down to join the rest of the team as they danced on the pitch while fans sung in celebration . The supporters look down at Muller as he leads the celebrations after a convincing Bayern win . Muller scored his 27th goal in the Champions League during Bayern 's 6-1 win at the Allianz Arena . The World Cup winner 's deflected shot squirmed past the wrong-footed Fabiano in the Porto goal . After watching his side storm into the semi-final , Bayern boss Guardiola hailed his players for their first-half performance . ` It 's easy to love my players now , ' said Guardiola . ` I am the coach of extraordinary players . I did n't expect such a first half . ` We can still play better , ' he added . ` We lost the ball here and there and we can improve on that . We had a few problems in the second half . ` They had only a few chances but you should never relax in the Champions League . '