Spain 's Queen Letizia was back to the day job today , following two consecutive evenings at glamorous awards shows . Joined by handsome husband King Felipe , 47 , the elegant royal was all smiles as she welcomed award-winning writer Juan Goytisolo to the Casa Real for a lunch in his honour . Today 's lunch is the second literary event in less than 24 hours for the Spanish queen , who last night found herself on the receiving end of an unexpected kiss courtesy of another prize-winning author . Scroll down for video . Warm welcome : King Felipe and Queen Letizia welcome Juan Goytisolo to the Casa Real in Madrid . Joking around : The royal couple were all smiles as they emerged from the private rooms to greet their guests . Sharp cut : The Spanish royal accentuated her new bob with a pair of Links of London earrings . Although surprised , Letizia , who was wearing a £ 49.99 Mango jumpsuit that showed off her slender frame , swiftly recovered her poise and went on to join Pedro Manas for a set of group photos . The moment came during an awards ceremony for children 's authors in Madrid , where the 42-year-old made a speech before presenting Mr Manas ' award . After accepting his prestigious Barco de Vapor award from the royal , Mr Manas leaned over and planted a big kiss on Letizia 's cheek . Letizia was making her second appearance at an awards show in just two days , having spent Monday night handing out prizes at the Woman Awards . Gallant : One gentlemanly guest planted a gallant kiss on the back of Queen Letizia 's hand . Well done : The 42-year-old presents author Pedro Manas with his prize during the ceremony . Pucker up ! A delighted Mr Manas then planted a big kiss on Queen Letizia 's cheek . Speech ! As with Monday night 's awards show , the royal was called upon to make a speech . And she 's off : Queen Letizia makes her exit after the presentation ceremony and speech . On that occasion , the recipient was a crimson-clad Salma Hayek , 48 , who received the award for her extensive charitable work and championing of women 's rights . Although last night 's occasion was lacking in Hollywood stars , a glamorous Letizia more than made up for it in her stunning High Street jumpsuit , cinched in at the waist with a wide gold belt . The ensemble , which showed off her slender frame , was completed with a pair of matching gold sandals and a huge pair of gold chandelier earrings . She also showed off her sharp new bob haircut , which made its public début during Monday night 's Woman Awards . Busy schedule : Spain 's Queen Letizia was attending her second awards show in two days last night . Glamorous : Letizia showed off her slender shape in a midnight blue jumpsuit cinched in with a gold belt . Good look : The Spanish royal also showed off her striking new bob haircut . Chic : All of Letizia 's accessories were gold , including her belt , shoes and chandelier earrings . The royal , who spent much of last week in Copenhagen where she took part in Queen Margrethe II 's birthday celebrations , has long been known for her charity work and last night 's Youth and Children 's Literature Awards was no exception . Along with children 's and cultural causes , Letizia 's work also focuses on health and malnutrition and she was among the speakers at a UN World Food Programme conference in Rome last autumn . Letizia , who has also championed the Spanish Red Cross , has devoted much time to helping to highlight the plight of people suffering from rare illnesses . To that end , the former journalist last week delivered a speech at the CosmoCaixa Science Museum during the opening day of the Second Congress of Uncommon Diseases . Recently returned : Queen Letizia spent last week in Copenhagen with her husband , King Felipe . Glitzy : Monday night was spent at another awards ceremony , this time the Woman Awards . Sequinned : On that occasion , Letizia opted for a gorgeous sequinned cocktail dress . Hollywood heavy hitter : She presented Mexican actress Salma Hayek , 48 , with her award .