Thousands of people , including hundreds of school children , lined the streets of Norfolk today to wave farewell to the Light Dragoons . Around 250 men and women from the reconnaissance unit , which has most recently served in Iraq and Afghanistan , marched through the town of Dereham for the final time . They were supported by more than 4,000 well-wishers , many waving flags , who lined the streets to mark the conclusion of the regiments 15 year tenure in the county . They are set to leave Robertson Barracks in Swanton Morley this summer and move some 200 miles to their new home in Catterick , North Yorkshire . Scroll down for video . Final farewell : The Light Dragoons marched through the streets of Dereham , Norfolk , as they prepare to wave goodbye to the county . The reconnaissance unit is moving from Robertson Barracks in Swanton Morley to Catterick , North Yorkshire , after 15 years . Thank you : More than 4,000 people , including hundreds of school children , lined the route to cheer on the departing troops . Patriotic : Little Poppy-Louise Brook waves her Union flag as she sits on her grandfather 's shoulders to watch her father , Lance Corporal Liam Brook , march past in the parade . Many of the school children who lined the streets are from military families and will be leaving their classmates to head to Yorkshire . The 250 men and women of the regiment were inspected by a number of officials , including the county 's deputy lieutenant brigadier Richard Heywood . ` We 've found ourselves putting some quite deep roots out here , whether it be in the local community or taking the dog for a walk on beautiful Norfolk beaches , ' said Commanding Officer Lieutenant Colonel James Senior , according to ITV News . ` We 've found a new home here so it will be a strain to leave here . But alas all good things must end and we must move onto what 's next for us . ' The Light Dragoons were originally mounted on fast horses and as a result were able to move quickly across the battlefield . Today , they sit on Jackal Fighting Vehicles and they are able to deploy anywhere in the world at very short notice . In 2009 the Light Dragoons were first given permission to march through Dereham with their bayonets fixed . The farewell parade through the town included military vehicles , a jet flypast and the Band of the Royal Armoured Corps . The deputy lieutenant of Norfolk , brigadier Richard Heywood , took the salute and inspected the troops . Many of the children lining the route were from military families and are also preparing to move to North Yorkshire . Showing support : Thousands of appreciative local people watched the parade , which featured more than 250 soldiers . Commanding Officer Lieutenant Colonel James Senior said : ` We 've found a new home here so it will be a strain to leave here ' The Light Dragoons will hand over their barracks to another unit in the summer after more than a decade in the town . The last parade came six years after the regiment were first given permission to march through the town with their bayonets fixed . The Light Dragoons have a proud 300 year history that has seen them take part in the Jacobite Rebellions , in the Waterloo Campaign , charge down the Valley of Death at the Battle of Balaclava , and be one of the first ashore at D Day . More recently , the regiment was deployed to Iraq in 2003 to assist with the stabilisation of the country after Saddam Hussein 's regime was toppled . They returned again in 2005 to battle counter insurgency and assist with the training of the Iraqi police force . In Afghanistan the regiment were involved in numerous operations to rid the country of the Taliban , as well as assisting with the creation and training of the Afghan Army . The regiment will hand over the barracks in Swanton Morley to1st The Queen 's Dragoon Guards , in July .