Australians have taken to social media to remember the sacrifice of the Anzacs , as record numbers gathered at dawn services across the country to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the Gallipoli landing . Proud Aussies came together in huge numbers in Sydney , while more paid their respects in Queensland 's regional and coastal towns of Gympie and Coolangatta . Tens of thousands also assembled at Melbourne 's Shrine of Remembrance , despite cold and wet conditions , with some leaving home as early as 2.30 am in order to honour the fallen . Large groups gathered elsewhere around the country , with the nation 's capital Canberra in particular focus as many gathered in the dark outside the Australian War Memorial and spilling out far beyond the usual ceremonial area . The Gallipoli Peninsula in Turkey prepared to receive more than 10,000 people to its shores on Anzac Day . Scroll down for video . Social media has been flooded with images of Anzac Day services across Australia . Among them include this image taken at Coolangatta , Queensland 's south coast . An Anzac Day centenary dawn service at Gympie , about 160 kilometres north of Brisbane . Tributes flow for the servicemen and women as a number of wreaths have been laid at a cenotaph in Sydney 's CBD . Huge crowds turn up for the dawn service held at Bondi , Sydney 's eastern suburbs . Another picture of Bondi taken during the dawn service . Record crowds turned out around the nation . Australians have taken to social media to remember the sacrifice of the Anzacs . This image is taken of the Sydney Harbour Bridge . Locals at Dee Why , Sydney 's northern beaches , come together to pay tribute to the Anzacs . The dawn service held in Grafton , located about 630 kilometres north of Sydney . An image taken at one of the dawn services held in Queensland 's Gold Coast . This Aussie documents his first Anzac Day as an Australian soldier . An Sydney couple pose for a photo to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the Gallipoli landing . A mother and son tuck into a gunfire breakfast , an Anzac Day tradition which includes a rum and milk . Large numbers come together for the dawn service at Kings Park , on the western edge of Perth 's CBD . Aussies pictured at Anzac Cove to commemorate the Anzac centenary this year . Wreaths laid at the Hornsby Cenotaph , in Sydney 's upper north shore , during this morning 's dawn service . Camp Gallipoli describes as a special event organised for ` all Australians and New Zealanders to come together on the 100th anniversary of Gallipoli to sleep out under the same stars as the original Anzacs did 100 years ago ' Aussie model Laura Csortan takes a photo of the spectacular sunrise on Anzac Day in Sydney . Australian singer and actress Fely Irvine attended the dawn service held in Canberra . Michelle Bridges and her dog Paddy offer support to participants of the Anzac Day Challenge - a 100 km race .