Crawling commando-style underneath an open-sided Land Rover , I came virtually nose to nose with a 4,500 lb horned rhino . I tried to slow my breathing as she looked straight at me . I needed to be calm to take my shot . There were three other rhinos with her and , let 's be honest , they 're not called a crash of rhino for nothing . I raised my camera and began to photograph what could soon become an extinct pachyderm . The luxurious Ulusaba Game Reserve is in South Africa 's Sabi Sands and is Sir Richard Branson 's private reserve . Thankfully the female found my scrawny presence of absolutely no consequence , and instead wandered off in search of tastier herbivorous options . I was with my mate James and we laughed awkwardly as we climbed back into the vehicle . My mum -- Sky TV presenter Kay Burley -- was sitting statue-still on board , having adopted her best nonchalant expression , but she was n't fooling either of us . The holiday at Ulusaba , Sir Richard Branson 's private game reserve in South Africa 's Sabi Sands , was my reward for graduating . I have been on safari before but this was different . I 'm an amateur car photographer and wanted to swap taking photos of Ferraris and focus instead on the roar of a bush lion , the yawn of a hippo , the prowl of a glorious leopard or a close-up of a fearless rhino . We achieved all of them . Kutner came face to face with three rhinos , along with documenting the roar of a bush lion , the yawn of a hippo and the prowl of a glorious leopard . Just the day before , we had tracked the crash of rhino on foot . With 1,000 rhinos killed by poachers in South Africa last year alone , they are increasingly difficult to view . Danny , our brilliant tracker , who could find a spelling mistake in a dictionary , had eventually located them , but with dusk fast approaching we reluctantly headed back to the Land Rover . The African bush is not a place to be on foot in the dark . We should know . We 'd spent the earlier part of the day up close and personal with a pride of lions . Our ranger , Trevor , steered the Land Rover as close as he dared without disturbing the big cats . The lioness , who could have taken any one of us out with a casual swipe of her front paw , looked in our direction , checked her cubs and allowed us to stay . Trevor , also a photographer , whispered advice on appropriate settings for my Nikon D600 to achieve the best results . Heading back to the luxury accommodation at Cliff Lodge , a two-bedroom apartment within Rock Lodge -LRB- Mum described it as glamping but with solid walls , luxury furnishings , soft sheets and a chef to conjure up our favourite food -RRB- , we talked about all the other animals we wanted to see , if possible . Alexander Kutner with mum , Sky TV presenter Kay Burley , at Ulusaba , Sir Richard Branson 's private game reserve in South Africa 's Sabi Sands . Trevor said he and Danny would try but could n't promise anything . Nevertheless , given the conservation , ecology and anti-poaching work being carried out by Ulusaba and adjoining camps , we were feeling confident . The following day we found ourselves slap bang in the middle of a herd of buffalo , mean-looking guys who glare at you as if you owe them money . Danny , who will happily track on foot for lion , leopard , elephant and rhino -- four of the Big Five -- makes an exception for buffalo . Alexander said a lioness looked in his group 's direction , checked her cubs and allowed them to stay . Trevor started up the engine and we moved on . Pausing at a watering hole , we were delighted to see two young male elephants wandering towards us . They made their way into the water and proceeded to perform for us -- a photographer 's dream ! We returned to the lodge to relax and sort through the hundreds of photos we 'd captured . Chef served up kudu burgers for lunch . We 'd seen plenty of these handsome antelope during our morning game drive ... and Mum decided to pass on that meal . Ulusaba means ` place of little fear ' . That 's because the koppie where Rock Lodge sits provided the ancient Shangaan warriors with the perfect lookout point . Trevor wondered what else we 'd like to see . ` Cheetah , please , ' we cried . He took us on a long , bumpy drive to the wide-open plains where cheetah can run free in their hunt for food . They are extremely rare in this area of the Sabi Sands and , despite hour after hour of tracking , there were no paw-print clues . However , Trevor had one last surprise . Danny heard the call of a honey bird and a solitary warning from an impala antelope . These led him on foot to a pair of leopard cubs frolicking up a tree . There is no sighting quite as magical as a leopard , and six-month-old cubs are the perfect age to provide incredible images of their playful behaviour . Eventually , with a heavy heart and my camera packed away , we left the African bush . Until the next time ... Virgin Holidays and Hip Hotels -LRB- vhiphotels.co.uk , 0844 573 2460 -RRB- offers five nights at Ulusaba Safari Lodge from £ 2,669 per person . This includes return flights to Johannesburg , internal flights and all-inclusive accommodation . The price is based on a June 8 departure .