Christian Benteke 's hat-trick secured a vital point for Aston Villa in a thrilling game against relegation rivals QPR . Here , Sportsmail 's Laurie Whitwell takes us through the player ratings from Tuesday night 's match at Villa Park ... Aston Villa 4-4-2 -LRB- diamond -RRB- . Brad Guzan 6 . Could not have done much with any of the goals and caught most that came his way . Leandro Bacuna 5.5 . Offered an outlet down the right flank but allowed Hill a free jump for his header . Aston Villa full-back Leandro Bacuna -LRB- left -RRB- tussles for the ball with QPR midfielder Sandro -LRB- right -RRB- at Villa Park . QPR midfielder Matty Phillips -LRB- centre -RRB- dribbles forward with the ball as Fabien Delph -LRB- right -RRB- gives chase . Ron Vlaar 5.5 . Gave Austin too much space for his strike and looked a little rusty after his spell out . Kieran Clark 6 . Imposed himself with early headers but misplaced the odd pass . Kieran Richardson 5 . Beaten too easily by Phillips for the visitor 's third goal . Tom Cleverley 6.5 . Full of energy and linked play down the right before coming off with boot in hand . Carlos Sanchez 6.5 . Swept up at the base of Villa 's diamond midfield . Fabian Delph 7 . His usual vibrant self in midfield , driving Villa on and putting in tackles . Jack Grealish 6.5 -LRB- Cole 70 -RRB- . Failed to convert an excellent first-half opportunity but did well overall on his first Premier League start . Gabriel Agbonlahor 7.5 . A performance of speed and power that troubled QPR no end in the first half . QPR defender Clint Hill -LRB- left -RRB- clears the ball ahead of the oncoming Gabriel Agbonlahor -LRB- right -RRB- on Tuesday . Christian Benteke seals his hat-trick and a vital point for Aston Villa in their battle against relegation . Benteke 's late free-kick brought the striker 's tally up to 11 goals for the season . Aston Villa manager Tim Sherwood reacts during the Premier League game against QPR on Tuesday night . Christian Benteke 8 . His most menacing display all season , and a superb hat-trick . How much might that late free-kick be worth ? Tim Sherwood 6.5 . Inspired attacking bravado from his side but will rue not winning this match with the chances and fixtures to come . QPR 4-4-2 . Rob Green 6.5 . Pulled off a number of saves that ultimately averted defeat , and could yet prove crucial . Phillips breaks free off Aston Villa midfielder Kieran Richardson -LRB- right -RRB- as he impresses at Villa Park . Phillips totted up his sixth assist of the year against Villa and is proving key to Chris Ramsey 's side . Aston Villa winger Joe Cole , on as a sub , knocks the ball ahead of QPR defender Steven Caulker on Tuesday . Mauricio Isla 5 . Benteke 's first came down his wing and deflected off his boot and Agbonlahor had joy too . Steven Caulker 5 . Won less than half his 11 duels and looked lost during spells in the first half . Nedum Onuoha 5.5 . Troubled in opening period by pace and movement of Villa 's attacking trio . QPR defender Hill scores his side 's second goal during the thrilling 3-3 draw against Aston Villa on Tuesday . Charlie Austin scores QPR 's third goal against Aston Villa and his 17th of the Premier League campaign . Clint Hill 6.5 . A good header at an important time in the match and relatively solid at left-back . Matt Phillips 7.5 . Is fast becoming indispensible for QPR . A well-taken goal and another assist , his sixth of 2015 . Joey Barton 6.5 . A nuisance as usual , winning free-kicks and keeping things ticking over . Sandro 6 . Most memorable act was taking out Agbonlahor in build-up to Benteke 's second . Niko Kranjcar 5 . Fairly subdued and offered little protection on the left , hooked after 52 minutes . Austin strikers for goal but sees his effort go just wide of Guzan 's goal during the 3-3 draw with Aston Villa . Charlie Austin 6.5 . Anonymous in the first half but produced when it mattered late on to take his Premier League tally to 17 . Bobby Zamora 6.5 . Managed to make it through 90 minutes despite his ageing limbs and provided a focal point for attacks . Chris Ramsey 6.5 . Adjusted his team smartly as the match continued , making substitutions that affected the game and coming away with a decent point .