Long the domain of web sites and memes , the animated gif may soon be coming to a message near you . A new app makes creating the images simple on a smartphone - and lets you send them using Facebook Messenger . Camoji is one of the first apps to take advantage of Facebook 's decision to open up Messenger , revealed at its recent f8 conference in San Francisco . Camoji allows people to add Instagram style filters to their images before sharing them . The GIFs are created in the Camoji app . Once downloaded , users simply tap on the shutter icon to record an animated gif that is up to 2 seconds long . They can then add filters and other effects - similar to Instagram . Camoji lets you record a GIF with unique filters and text and share it to your friends on Messenger , where GIFs animate inline in the conversation . The GIFs are created in the Camoji app . People that have Camoji installed see a Reply button that launches Camoji right from the Messenger conversation so they can quickly record and send a GIF of their own . This type of back and forth is exactly what makes the entire experience beautiful and seamless . ` App discovery is a major challenge for developers , ' said Carlos Whitt , Camoji CEO . ` Messenger is opening the door for developers to create innovative new ways for people to connect and express themselves without having to reinvent the social plumbing . ` This is a monumental development . ' ` We 're excited to have worked with the Messenger team to help people share by easily capturing moments and sharing them seamlessly within Messenger , ' said Austin Broyles , Camoji co-founder . ` We feel our integration is truly unique and innovative . ' This is the first time the world 's biggest social network has opened their Messenger app to seamless integration with third parties , and this level of integration does not exist on other messenger apps . Camoji had previously integrated with iMessage and WhatsApp , but those integrations lacked a way for recipients to easily download Camoji or launch it from a conversation to reply with another GIF . Camoji lets you record a GIF with unique filters and text and share it to your friends on Messenger . Earlier this month Facebook opened up its Messenger service for developers to create apps and for consumers to communicate directly with retailers , in the social media network 's latest effort to expand its reach . The firm hopes to transform Facebook 's messaging service into one that operates independently of the company 's social media network , effectively pitting it against traditional email . It even revealed it will allow smart devices such as doors and home appliances to use the platform . It comes as it faces intensifying competition from Twitter and Google , as well as from fast-growing messaging apps such as Snapchat and WeChat . Facebook unveiled the new features at its annual developer conference in San Francisco , for the first time allowing developers to create apps that function inside the Messenger app , which has more than 600 million users . Forty different apps will be available on Messenger in the coming days , allowing users of the service to send each other sports clips and animations , Facebook said . Users can add text and other effects to their gifs before posting them . Another feature will allow consumers to use Messenger to send a text message to make a restaurant reservation or to receive a notification that a product purchased online has shipped . ` One of the fastest growing and most important members of our family is Messenger , ' said Mr Zuckerberg . ` Facebook used to be this single blue app and it did a lot of different things , now Facebook is a family of apps , ' he said . ` Moving from being a single service to a family of apps is the biggest shift we 've made in our strategy in helping connect people . ' The Messenger Platform was also launched , allowing developers to build new services into the app , which is used by 600 million users each month . Mr Zuckerberg said it would give users ` more tools for expression ' .