A war of words appears to have erupted between two former rival stations who last week merged newsrooms . An account purporting to be Sydney radio station 2UE sent out a tweet on Thursday morning which appears to have come from a disgruntled former employee . ` Apologies for the s *** news service these days , ' the tweet began . ` We hope you like the sound of whinging hyenas reading the news . #bringbackblanda ' , the post ended . What looks to a tweet from a disgruntled former radio employee emerged on Twitter on Thursday morning . The hashtag was in reference to the station 's former newsreader Steve Blanda , who had read the news at 2UE for over a decade . While the tweet has since been removed from the @ 2UENews Twitter account , there is speculation online that it could have been sent by an employee displaced by the controversial merger . A 2UE spokesperson told Daily Mail Australia that they were aware of the posting but denied the message came from one of their accounts . They said it had not been used in years , and they believe it had been hacked , but by who they said they were unsure . Last Thursday the 90-year-old radio station 2UE broadcast its last ever bulletin out of the Sydney office , following a merger with rival station 2 GB . Jobs were lost out of the Brisbane 4BC office , and at Magic 1278 IS Brisbane . 2UE in Sydney has just merged with rival station 2 GB , which meant job losses from the newsroom and additional redundancies nationally . A 2UE spokesman said the new combined newsroom will be staffed by more than 20 journalists from both stations . Reporter Robert Spicer filed a brief story about the history of the station , which has covered every major news story for the most part of the last century including former prime minister Gough Whitlam 's dismissal , the Beaconsfield mine disaster and the recent Sydney siege . ' 2UE has covered every significant news event over the past 90 years , with some of the best journalists in the country , ' he said . Jason Morrison , a former 2UE breakfast and drive broadcaster , said the station took a financial hit after letting controversial ratings winner Alan Jones defect to 2 GB in 2002 . ' 2UE made some terrible decisions - whoever could let Alan Jones leave 2UE ? , ' he told AAP . ` That was the death knell , really , for the station . ' Instead of local presenters in Sydney and Brisbane Alan Jones ' -LRB- right -RRB- show will be broadcast in the breakfast slot , while Ray Hadley -LRB- left -RRB- will present mornings - both from their 2 GB programs . Morrison , who is now spokesman for billionaire mining magnate Gina Rinehart , said it is a shame the longstanding 2UE-2GB rivalry was now over . ` When there is competition , there will be that desire to ensure that no stone 's left unturned and there will be that desire to make sure that all angles are covered . ' The 2UE spokesman said redundancies from the creation of the single newsroom in Sydney were regrettable but the right commercial decision for the broadcaster . The merger also saw changes at the Brisbane 4BC station , with a number of high profile presenters being given the boot . 4BC presenters , including breakfast duo Ian Skippen and Loretta Ryan , mornings presenter Patrick Condren , evening presenter Walter Williams and weekend breakfast announcer Murray Shoring concluded their roles with the station on Friday . Instead Alan Jones ' show will be broadcast in the breakfast slot , while Ray Hadley will present mornings - both from their 2 GB programs , the ABC reported .