Deposed Masters champion Bubba Watson had to settle for an opening-day 70 to sit four shots off Huang Wen-yi 's lead at the Shenzhen International . Watson , who finished 38th at Augusta National on Sunday as the defence of his Masters crown finished in disappointing fashion , was struggling on one over after 13 holes on Thursday - having started on the back nine - but three successive birdies got him back under par . The American 's 70 leaves him in joint 17th place , with home hope Huang setting the early running on a day when he shared the highlights with An Byeong-hun , who recorded a hole in one . Bubba Watson was off the pace at the Shenzhen International and had to settle for an opening-day 70 . China 's Huang , who only started playing at the age of 22 some 12 years ago , carded eight birdies and two bogeys in his six-under-par round as he finished the first day one clear of a group of four players . Among them are American Peter Uihlein after he completed the final 10 holes at Genzon Golf Club in six under par , and South Korea 's Byeong , whose ace came on the 226-yard eighth - his penultimate hole - as he finished birdie-par-eagle-birdie . Also in the that chasing pack on five under are Chile 's Felipe Aguilar and Thailand 's Kiradech Aphibarnrat . The defending champion sits four shots off home hope Huang Wen-yi 's lead and is in joint 17th place . Huang , who worked as a labourer on construction sites before taking up the sport , said on www.europeantour.com : ` Last year I played very bad . ` This year I have changed my swing and yesterday I changed the driver and I like the new driver . I like the course ; the green speed is very good . ' South Africa 's Darren Fichardt is on his own at four under , with the leading Europeans coming in a group of 10 players at three under which includes English quartet Ross Fisher , Anthony Wall , Matt Ford and Andy Sullivan . Watson 's defence of his Masters crown finished in disappointing fashion as Jordan Spieth wins in Augusta .