A retired Marine has pleaded not guilty to murdering his clothing-designer girlfriend , whose skeletal remains were discovered in a jungle in Panama two years after she disappeared . Brian Karl Brimager , 37 , entered his plea on Friday after he was indicted by a federal grand jury in San Diego , in connection with the death of Yvonne Lee Baldelli . He has been in custody since June 2013 on charges including obstruction of justice and falsifying records related to the investigation . The 42-year-old woman from Laguna Niguel , California , was last seen in September 2011 when she arrived in Panama with Brimager . Her family reported her missing the following January . Brian Karl Brimager , 37 , was indicted by a federal grand jury in San Diego , in connection with the death of Yvonne Lee Baldelli . The 42-year-old woman from Laguna Niguel , California , was last seen in September 2011 when she arrived in Panama with Brimager . Her family reported her missing the following January . The indictment alleges that Brimager murdered Baldelli , dismembered her body and disposed of her body parts in a remote jungle area . Brimager then engaged in an elaborate scheme to cover up the crime , including destroying evidence and sending a series of emails purportedly from Baldelli in order to make it appear to her friends and family that she was still alive , according to court papers . The indictment also alleges that Brimager attempted to conceal his crime by disposing of a bloody mattress involved in Badelli 's murder in the ocean . Brimager conducted two Internet searches on Baldelli 's computer , one for ` washing mattress ' and a second for ` washing mattress blood stain , ' according to documents . A man who was cutting bushes on the island province of Bocas del Toro found a bag containing Baldelli 's remains in August 2013 . Baldelli 's family has the clothing designer was frequently out of touch so they did not immediately suspect anything was wrong . Panama police say Brimager left Panama for Costa Rica and the United States about 10 days after last being seen with Baldelli . In 2012 FBI agents and Panamanian forensic specialists found traces of blood on the walls and floor of the hostel El Sapo in the Bocas del Toro archipelago , which is the popular tourist spot where Baldelli was last seen . Brimager -LRB- right -RRB- has been in custody since June 2013 on charges including obstruction of justice and falsifying records related to the investigation . The indictment alleges that Brimager murdered Baldelli -LRB- pictured -RRB- , dismembered her body and disposed of her body parts in a remote jungle area . Panama police say Brimager left Panama for Costa Rica and the United States about 10 days after last being seen with Baldelli . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .