A stunning French castle has gone on the market for less than half the price of a flat in a desirable area of London . The 13th century castle in the Dordogne , France has just been placed on the market for £ 703,400 . The 14-bedroom home also features 14 bathrooms and its own suit of armour - as well as 46 hectares of land . Scroll down for video . The hill-top castle sits on 46 hectares and is on the market for just £ 703,400 according to estate agents . The castle dates from the 13th century and was refurbished in the 19th century and again in 2002 . The property features its very own swimming pool and has fortified stone walls and entrance . Despite being in the middle of the Dordogne valley , the castle , with its turrets and defensive wall is only 15 minutes from the local airport , which offers regular flights to London City and London Stansted airports . The castle is in Gignic , and near the town of Brives la Gaillarde . It is only a two-hour drive from Bordeaux . According to LuxuryEstate.com the castle was completely refurbished in the 19th century and underwent further work more recently in 2002 . For wine lovers , the castle is only a short journey from the Bergerac wine producing region . With the average price of a central London flat hitting £ 1.35 m million according to RightMove , the castle is a positive ` bargain ' . A spokesperson for LuxuryEstate.com said : ` This is a lovely 13th century castle . ` It has a big , chateau kitchen , very big sitting rooms with fireplaces and 14 luxurious double bedrooms , each with shower room and toilet . ` It 's a bargain with great potential for extension work . ' As befitting a luxury property , the castle features its own swimming pool . The castle is ideally located near an international airport which has regular flights to London . As befitting a 13th century castle , the property comes with its very own suit of armour and shield . Guests unable to squeeze into any of the 14 en-suite bedrooms can stay in this rustic cottage , pictured . Anyone harbouring dreams of being Errol Flynn can hold mock sword fights on the stone staircase . The castle even features its very own turret which unfortunately is in need of some restoration . The castle also boasts its very own courtyard terrace area , ideal for some summer entertaining . The interior of the property features magnificent stone arches and elaborate fireplaces . Even the bathrooms have their own fireplaces although castle does have oil-fired heating . The castle is only 15 minutes from an airport which has direct flights to two London airports . The castle also seems to feature its very own religious shrine for those moments of quiet contemplation . On days when it is necessary to work from home , this may prove to be the ultimate ` hot desk '