Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino is convinced there is more to come from striker Harry Kane after seeing him plunder his 30th goal of the season . Kane became the first Spurs player since Gary Lineker to reach the 30-mark with a late strike in his side 's 3-1 Barclays Premier League victory at Newcastle on Sunday . However , Pochettino is convinced the 21-year-old England hitman can improve further as he continues to make his way in the game . Harry Kane calmly slots Tottenham 's third goal in time added on after coming one-on-one with Krul . Kane celebrates putting the result beyond doubt as Spurs claim a 3-1 win over Newcastle . He said : ` He has big potential . He is young and this is his first full season in the first team . We need to push him to try to improve his level because he has the potential to improve . ` It 's a fantastic achievement and I congratulate him . He deserves this moment because he has worked a lot . It 's an historic thing . ` He 's happy in the changing room and all his team-mates are happy , and I think all our supporters and the club are happy at his achievement . ' If it was Kane who put the icing on the cake at St James ' Park , it was Nacer Chadli and Christian Eriksen who paved the way for his late contribution as the visitors condemned Newcastle to a sixth successive league defeat . Chadli fired them in front on the half-hour and after Jack Colback had levelled 20 seconds after the restart , Eriksen scored with a free-kick which evaded all the yellow shirts in the middle and defeated keeper Tim Krul . Kane killed off any hopes of a second fightback when he rounded off a 91st-minute break to leave Pochettino delighted . Tottenham striker Kane at full stretch as he is chased down by Newcastle captain Fabricio Coloccini . Kane celebrates his goal against Newcastle as opposition goalkeeper Tim Krul looks on in despair . He said : ` We fully deserved the victory and the three points . I think our performance was better than Newcastle 's and I am very pleased for our players . ` I am happy to recover this feeling after the last two games - that was n't good and it 's important to feel victory again . ' It proved a difficult day for opposite number John Carver , whose side had to contend not only with Tottenham , but a boycott by some of their own fans . Kane is assessed early in the match after inadvertently being caught in the head by the arm of Vernon Anita . Carver insisted that had little impact - the official attendance at the 52,000-capacity stadium was 47,427 - but admitted the Magpies , who are currently seven points clear of the drop zone , are engaged in a survival fight . He said : ` Absolutely , we 're in amongst it , there 's no danger of that , because you have got sides - and I 'll use Leicester as an example - who are winning games . We are n't . Jack Colback is in the right place at the right time to pounce on a loose ball in the midfield and equalise . Newcastle players join Colback as the hard-working midfielder pounces on a loose ball in the area . ` But we have got to find a way of trying to find some points and put some points on the board . We have to come up with a solution , I have to come up with a solution . ` I have to find a method of trying to play now that might not be pretty on the eye , but I need to find a way of getting some results , getting some points . People might not like what they see , but I 'm going to have to do it . ' Colback jumps for joy after his fourth goal of the season , all of which have been scored at home . Fans applaud Newcastle 's goals while one holds up a ` Love NUFC , Not Ashley ' sign during the game . Geordie Carver was installed as Alan Pardew 's replacement until the end of the season in January , and has found himself in the firing line virtually ever since , although he is refusing to throw in the towel . He said : ` It 's probably the most difficult situation I have ever been in . But I 'm a fighter and I 'm not going to shirk anything . I 'll take the stick and I 'll take the responsibility because that 's the type of person I am . ` But I 'm not going to give up on it . Yes , I 'm angry and I 'm annoyed , and I 've got my own thoughts in my head that will stay private . But I have just got to get on with it because nobody else is going to do it . ' A plane hired by the supporters of rivals Sunderland heap misery on Newcastle United . ` We do n't demand a team that wins , we demand a team that tries , ' reads banner outside St James ' Park .