A single bikini-clad woman silhouetted against a spectacular sunset , a tiny figure facing a swirl of stars , a hot spring whose improbably lurid hues seem like something from another planet - these stunning images combine colour and light to capture the wonders of the natural world . Last year Hawaiian-born photographer Dustin Wong , 31 , abandoned his job as an engineer to travel the world with only his camera for company . Inspired by ancient Hawaiian beliefs in the sacredness of the landscape , Dustin Wong , 31 , has journeyed from the Arctic Circle to Australia , capturing moments where men and women are alone with the power and splendour of the natural world . This single bikini-clad woman stretches her curvaceous body while silhouetted against a spectacular Hawaiian sunset . Faced with the rapid destruction of habitats through pollution and overpopulation , the photographer hopes his images will inspire the viewer with awe at the intricate and diverse world we live in and encourage them to protect the planet . He writes on his website : ` I have a desire to experience the natural world and to let those feelings inspire me . Life on this planet is older than any of us can comprehend , and there is a beauty in that history and power . However , these days our natural spaces are being encroached upon by human development . A man gazes upon a whirl of stars in the Bonneville Salt Flats in Utah , where the salt-covered land cracks into spectacular patterns . Last year Hawiian-born photographer Dustin Wong , 31 , abandoned his job as an engineer to travel the world with only his camera for company . ` Through my images I try to convey a sense of awe of the incredibly intricate and diverse world we share . I want to encourage people to interact and experience nature for themselves . I think this way more people will care about protecting and preserving natural environments . ' He started taking photographs 15 years ago before taking it up full time last year . He traveled all over the west coast of the US living out of a van for five months and visited as many national parks as he could . In Queensland Australia , he follows a woman as she ventures into the dark depths of a natural cavern . His journeying in America took in the Bonneville Salt Flats in Utah , where the land cracks into spectacular patterns , the Grand Prismatic Spring in Yellowstone National Park in Wyoming , the third largest hot spring in the world whose bright colours are caused by bacteria , to the Burning Man Festival in Nevada , which culminates in the burning of a wooden effigy . Other pictures show a spectacular Hawaiian sunset reflected in the sand in improbable bright oranges and reds , or a single solitary figure dwarfed by the waterfall surging above him at at Latourell Falls in Oregan . Revellers climb on top of a massive sculpture of the words ` Believe ' at the Burning Man Festival in Nevada . For these photographs he also ventured to Australia , following a woman as she explores a cavern in Queensland , and to Norway , where he captures the stunning greens of the Northern Lights , or a firework exploding against a frosty night-time pine forest . Mr Wong takes his photographs using a DSLR camera before transforming them into High Dynamic Range to bring out colour and detail . He then blends the HDR image with the original exposures , creating an image that is ` slightly fantastical yet still rooted in reality ' . The Grand Prismatic Spring in Yellowstone National Park in Wyoming , is the third largest hot spring in the world . Its bright colours are caused by pigmented bacteria . His images depict people interacting with the environment and enjoying themselves in the outdoors . At first he shunned using people in his images , which he wanted to capture nature at its pristine best , but he later realised a single figure - either a stranger or himself - provides a sense of scale and helps viewers relate more viscerally to the image in front of them . Although he now lives in Seattle in the USA , he credits his Hawaiian upbringing as the driving force behind his vision of the world . A single figure on a Norwegian beach is bathed in green light as he admires the spectacular Northern Light . He adds : ` Born and raised in Hawaii , I learned about the Hawaiian culture , specifically the way the Ancient Hawaiians held the land in reverence . Those teachings instilled in me an understanding that human beings have an intrinsic relationship with the land that should be held in high respect . ` I aim to create a sense of wonder in each of my pieces . I want to recapture the sense of awe and childhood imagination that often gets abandoned along the way to adulthood . I create art where the viewer is free to wallow in the mysteries and unknown of a beautiful landscape . ' Standing in the middle of a snow-covered Norwegian pine forest , a couple release a firework , sending orange blazing into the sky . He uses a single figure like this man dwarfed by the water at Latourell Falls , Oregan , USA , to engourage a visceral response in viewers .