A teenager suffering a rare genetic condition that gave her the body of a 100-year-old has died aged 17 . Hayley Okines became well-known three years ago when she was part of a documentary about her premature ageing condition . She suffered from the rare disease progeria which ages the body at eight times the normal rate . Progeria takes its name from the Greek word ` proeros ' , meaning prematurely old . It involves a mutant protein called progerin that accelerates physical ageing . There are around 74 known cases of the disease around the world and only four in the UK . Scroll down for video . Hayley Okines , who suffered a rare genetic condition that gave her the body of a 100-year-old , has died aged 17 . A 10 year old progeria child will have the appearance of an octogenarian with symptoms including baldness , arthritis and heart problems , but the mind of a 10 year old . Progeria patients normally die from heart attacks or strokes at an average age of 13 . But Hayley , from Bexhill , East Sussex , defied the odds to live four more years and even published an autobiography about living with the disease . Last night her mother Kerry posted on Facebook : ` My baby girl has gone somewhere better . She took her last breath in my arms at 9.39 pm x. ' Today , the Progeria Research Foundation posted on its Facebook page : ` The entire Progeria family mourns together with many as we say goodbye to Hayley Okines , our smart , beautiful and spirited English rose , who passed away today at age 17 . ` Gone from our sight , but never our memories , gone from our touch but never our hearts . We will miss you . ' Hayley and her family had fundraised for her medical treatment and to raise public understanding of the condition . Her story was catapulted into the limelight after she starred in documentaries called The Girl who is Older than Her Mother and World 's Oldest Teenager : Extraordinary People . Her autobiography , called Old Before my Time , detailed pop-star crushes and a dislike of school . But it was also a moving insight into how a child copes with a disease which resulted in Hayley having the body of a 105-year-old . In an interview with The Sunday People in 2013 , her mother described the hell of living with the disease . ` The most difficult part is Hayley has the mind of a normal 13-year-old girl locked in an old person 's body , ' she said . Last night her mother Kerry posted on Facebook : ` My baby girl has gone somewhere better . She took her last breath in my arms at 9.39 pm x. ' Hayley suffered from the rare disease progeria which ages the body at eight times the normal rate . Progeria patients normally die from heart attacks or strokes at an average age of 13 . But Hayley defied the odds to live four more years . Despite pioneering drug treatment in the US that gave her a new lease of life , Hayley was unable to conquer the disease . ` Someone else has to get her a drink as she 's too small to reach taps by herself . ` And buying fashionable clothes is tough because she still wears clothes for a five-year-old . Hayley , who turned 17 on December 3 , left school last summer . However , despite pioneering drug treatment in the US that gave her a new lease of life , she was unable to conquer the disease . In recent weeks her health had deteriorated and she contracted pneumonia . After being discharged yesterday she died at home last night . Hayley 's parents have previously described the heartache her condition had caused . Her mother said : ' -LSB- When she was born -RSB- she had fine blonde hair , blue eyes and her father and I were besotted with her . ` At 10 months she walked for the first time -- we were so proud . ` The only concern was she was so petite and did n't appear to be growing . ` But as I 'm only 5ft 4ins I tried to tell myself she simply took after me . ' At 13 months , Hayley still wore clothes for a three-month-old , so her mother took her to their GP . Tests revealed she had a rare gene mutation called Hutchinson-Gilford progeria . In an interview , Hayley 's mother described the hell of living with the disease . ` The most difficult part is Hayley has the mind of a normal 13-year-old girl locked in an old person 's body , ' she said . In her short life , Hayley went swimming with dolphins , travelled all over the world , met Prince Charles , Kylie Minogue and Justin Bieber and starred in several TV documentaries . Hayley even published an autobiography about living with the disease , called Old Before My Time . Her mother said : ` We looked it up on the internet and were shocked . We found photos of children who looked like little elderly people . ` They had bald heads and one girl was wearing a wig which made her look so odd it frightened us . ` It said sufferers would n't reach puberty and would eventually die from age-related disorders , usually before their teens . ' Next came the devastating news that Hayley would only live until the age of 13 . Determined to make the most of the time she had , the family embarked on giving Hayley amazing memories . Members of the local community raised thousands of pounds to pay for her to go to Disneyland in California . In her short life , Hayley went swimming with dolphins , travelled all over the world , met Prince Charles , Kylie Minogue and Justin Bieber and starred in several TV documentaries . Despite her terrible prognosis , the teenager remained upbeat . ` In many ways I feel I 've been lucky . Because of this I 've met more people and done more than many do in a lifetime , ' she said .