Suddenly an opportunity . From looking as if a door had been slammed shut on them , Liverpool , unexpectedly , have a chance to kick it back open and capitalise . When Liverpool 's players trudged from the Emirates Stadium pitch , having been pummelled into submission by Arsenal , all hope of a top-four finish looked to have evaporated . Brendan Rodgers , subdued and disconsolate , admitted as much in his post-match debrief . The Rodgers who left London nine days ago is very different , though , to the Rodgers who will step into Anfield 's technical area on Monday , feeling optimistic and satisfied with his lot . He knows Liverpool have been let off the hook and now he wants to see a response . Liverpool 's first-team players will be all smiles if they can finish inside the top four and win the FA Cup . Liverpool winger Raheem Sterling arrives at Anfield eight hours ahead of Monday night 's match at Anfield . Dejan Lovren will be hoping to keep his place after appearing in Liverpool 's win over Blackburn . Jordon Ibe removes a suit from the boot of his car as he begins to prepare for his side 's league match . Liverpool are seven points behind fourth-placed Manchester City but have a game in hand on their rivals . Had Manchester City won their games against Crystal Palace and Manchester United , talk of Liverpool being Champions League contenders would have been risible but the implosion at the Etihad Stadium has thrown things wide open . At present , the gap between Liverpool and City is seven points -- and , just like last year when the two teams were duelling , Manuel Pellegrini 's side have a significantly better goal difference -- but Rodgers will be telling his squad that it is not insurmountable . Given the way City are playing , there are a number of games that could cause them issues on the climb to the line -- will Aston Villa and QPR be straightforward ? How about Tottenham away ? Does Pellegrini retain his squad 's belief ? -- and now is the moment Liverpool must pounce . In the next seven days , the way Liverpool 's campaign is viewed could be completely transformed . Beat Newcastle and they will believe they can hunt City down ; see off Villa at Wembley and they will have a fine chance of winning the FA Cup . Rickie Lambert , pictured making his way into Anfield , has failed to hit the back of the net in his last six games . Reds boss Brendan Rodgers will be hoping his side can get back to winning ways in the Premier League . Sterling and his Liverpool team-mates were left dejected after their 4-1 defeat by Arsenal . So now the question will be asked of Rodgers ' squad : can they ramp up the pressure ? There have been occasions this season when they have faltered at crucial moments -- think home games against Basle -LRB- Champions League -RRB- , Manchester United -LRB- Premier League -RRB- -- and there can be no repeat . Here lies an opportunity for Raheem Sterling to dispel the furore around his contract saga with some jet-propelled performances , for Daniel Sturridge to remind a wider audience of his goalscoring ability and for Philippe Coutinho to sparkle and shine . Coutinho has won John Terry 's vote to be the player of the year . It was quite a statement from the Chelsea captain but there is little doubt that the Brazilian has the ability to be one of the top draws in the Premier League . These two games should be made for him . If Coutinho starts pulling the strings against Newcastle , Liverpool will get the result that will ensure Manchester City feel their breath on their necks and you would think the wide open spaces of Wembley would be tailor-made for his passing game . Liverpool playmaker Philippe Coutinho helped his side progress to the semi-finals of the FA Cup . Rodgers talks tactics with his coaching staff ahead of his side 's Premier League showdown with Newcastle . ` He is a young player that 's come into this country and adapted incredibly well to the style of football in the Premier League , ' said Rodgers . ` People initially maybe thought he might be a bit slight . But he is very strong in his mind and he 's got an incredible technique , up there with world 's best . ` With him it 's about the consistency . He played in a different position the other night against Blackburn , we asked him tactically to operate different and he carried that out very , very well . So great tactical discipline and obviously a wonderful goal . ` His best years are way ahead of him . He 's such a humble boy , he wants to train and loves his football every day . John 's probably looking at his performance level ; since he 's been here it has been outstanding and is only going to get better which is the pleasing thing for everyone . ' Rodgers ' ambition all year has been to win a trophy . If he was also to steer Liverpool into a top-four spot , it would arguably represent an even better campaign than last year when they came within two points of ending their 25-year quest to become champions of England . To realise that ambition , however , Rodgers needs two wins . A door has been left ajar and Coutinho is the man to lead Liverpool through it .