Nick Clegg is to embark on three days of door knocking in his Sheffield constituency after a shock poll showed he is on course to lose his seat at the general election . The Deputy Prime Minister is trailing Labour by 2 per cent in his formally rock-solid Lib Dem constituency , Sheffield Hallam . Mr Clegg won his seat in 2010 by a huge margin -- scooping up more than 50 per cent of the vote . Today he insisted : ` We are going to win Sheffield Hallam . We are confident but not complacent . ' Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg is trailing Labour by two points in his formally rock-solid Lib Dem constituency in Sheffield , a poll revealed this morning . Aides said he would be out knocking doors on Friday , Saturday and Sunday . But a poll by the Tory peer Lord Ashcroft shows 36 per cent of voters in Sheffield Hallam are now planning to vote for Mr Clegg 's Labour opponent Oliver Coppard - compared with 34 per cent who said they would support the Deputy Prime Minister . The revelation was included in the latest round of polling of marginal constituencies which could help decide the next election . These include one Tory-held and seven Lib Dem constituencies . The polling suggests that the Lib Dems will hold on in four seats , reinforcing the party 's claim that they will do much better than national surveys suggest . On a national level , a poll of polls puts Labour and the Tories neck and neck on 34 per cent , with Ukip on 13 per cent and the Lib Dems trailing on just eight per cent . A spokesman for Mr Clegg said the Lib Dems were confident of winning Sheffield Hallam . He said : ` We are never complacent , we do n't take any votes for granted but we are confident on winning because Nick 's been the local MP there for ten years , he 's got a record in Sheffield that we are happy to defend and his constituents appreciate ' . Fourteen-month-old Sophia O'Driscoll met Mr Clegg today as he visited Play Town soft play centre in Bishopbriggs in East Dunbartonshire . Mr Clegg was promoting his policy to treble paternity leave to six weeks with Lib Dem minister Jo Swinson -LRB- right -RRB- . The Lib Dems say internal polling shows an average 9 per cent increase in the vote for their party when candidates are named , but could not say whether this was true in Mr Clegg 's case . The spokesman said failing to put the candidates name down , as on the ballot paper , would not yield an accurate result . He said : ` Nick is extremely well known in Sheffield Hallam , and hugely well respected . He has a large personal vote and has delivered consistently over the last 10 years . Labour are talking a good game but they seem to be measuring the curtains already when they are not going to be successful . ' Since 2010 there have been 16 local elections in the constituency of which the Lib Dems have won 14 . In the last set of local election sin 2014 , the Lib Dems won in 4 out of the five wards in Sheffield Hallam . Across the constituency the party got 38.7 per cent of the vote , Labour got 23.6 per cent and the Tories came fifth on 10.7 per cent . Mr Clegg spent today campaigning alongside East Dunbartonshire Lib Dem MP Jo Swinson , including a visit to the Thomas Muir coffee shop in Glasgow . Despite Lib Dem confidence , Labour claim its candidate in Sheffield Hallam could topple Mr Clegg after building up a ` formidable ' campaign team . Tom Watson , Ed Miliband 's former election coordinator , said : ` This seat is winnable for Labour . I have never encountered such animosity on the doorstep against an incumbent MP - particularly one as high-profile . ` There are two issues that come up time and again : his position on tuition fees and Sheffield Forgemasters , which has not been forgotten . '