After weeks of being hounded for a comment on the expected birth of the new royal baby , Mel Greig has written an open letter to the media , warning of the harmful consequences of always seeking for a new angle on world events . The former 2Day FM co-host , who shot to notoriety in 2012 after a prank call during the Duchess of Cambridge 's first pregnancy resulted in the death of the nurse who took the call , penned the letter to ask the media , ` Have we not learnt enough from the royal prank call ? ' . The 33-year-old said in the letter that with the impending birth of the second child for the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge , she understood the pressure of needing to find ` a new angle ' when providing coverage of news events , offering assurance that she had been in the same position . Scroll down for video . Former Australian radio host Mel Greig has written an open letter to the media , warning of the harmful consequences of always seeking for a new angle on world events . ` I sat there and agreed to prank call a hospital to create a `` unique angle '' a harmless and stupid idea that sadly ended in tragedy , as we felt obliged to cover the pregnancy and to do it differently , ' she wrote in the letter published by The Daily Telegraph . The Duchess of Cambridge is believed to be overdue by five days as she had been due to give birth last Thursday . Greig and fellow 2Day FM co-host Michael Christian posed as the Queen and Prince Charles as part of the prank in 2012 to gain information about the Duchess of Cambridge following the birth of Prince George . Jacintha Saldana was the nurse who took the call at King Edward Hospital in London , taking her life two days later and blaming her decision on the actions of the Australian radio hosts . Greig has since revealed her personal torment over the prank , and was unable to return to her role on the air , saying earlier in the year that she felt ` the world hated -LSB- her -RSB- ' for what had happened . In the letter , Greig asks why the media continues to seek fresh angles for stories after seeing the consequences of her mistake , and asks various media outlets to learn from the tragedy of Ms Saldana 's death and to be sensible when it comes to covering the birth of the second royal baby . ` Respect their privacy , stay away from the hospital and think of others when working out what angles to pursue . For anyone that is actually considering trying to repeat our stupidity from 2012 , DO N'T , ' Greig wrote . She declared in the letter that there was no need for a fresh angle on the birth , as the fact that a new baby was being born was sufficient , and that her only response would be to congratulate the parents . The Duchess of Cambridge is believed to be five days overdue , and many fans and media have camped outside the Lindo Wing of St Mary 's Hospital in Paddington , where she will give birth . The 33-year-old said that while she thought the media industry was ` wonderful ' , she said that there needs to be a ` line ' that is never crossed when reporting news . Greig goes on to recount the moment when her own family was hounded by someone she knew when her father and her whole street was ` doorknocked ' for information following the scandal in 2012 . ` I 've crossed the line too . But the difference is , I 've learnt from it and I 'll continue to work in the media so I can help others to think before they act . You do n't need to be careless to create great content , ' she finished . Jacintha Saldana committed suicide two days after taking the prank call and blamed the radio hosts . Kate and William leave St Mary 's Hospital in Paddington shortly after the birth of Prince George . One midwife suggests cleaning Kensington Palace could help induce labour . The Lindo Wing of St Mary 's Hospital in Paddington , where the Duchess will give birth . The facility do n't normally wait for more than a week before helping the baby along . The Duchess of Cambridge 's royal 's baby is expected before the end of April - with the due date initially reported as yesterday , but later claimed to actually be as early as Wednesday last week . Either way Kate - who plans to give birth at St Mary 's Hospital in Paddington , central London - is now overdue and may have already spoken to doctors about the possibility of being induced . Earlier in the year , Greig spoke to BBC2 Radio and spoke of her continual anguish over her actions in 2012 . ` I was in disgust with myself , I had failed as a human being , to be involved in someone 's death is horrific and it affected me greatly , ' she told BBC2 Radio listeners . While Ms Greig said that she now understands that ` there is more to mental health ... it 's not normally an event like that that can trigger someone to commit suicide , ' she experienced overwhelming guilt at the time . Ms Greig said she had experienced deep depression for a year , and claimed that the event had changed her life permanently . Last year , Ms Greig said that she believed the incident would stay with her forever , but that she has done all she can do now that she has personally apologised to her family . Kate and William with Prince George in a picture to mark his first birthday . It is thought their second child is now overdue . The new royal baby 's big brother Prince George was three days overdue when he was born on July 22 , 2013 . ` I do n't know how you completely forgive yourself -- someone wrote my name in their suicide note , ' she told Sunrise . ` They thought of me before they took their own life and that will stay with me forever but I can move forward from that point I think because I 've tried to say sorry . ' ` It was really tough but I made that promise to them over a year ago that if they wanted answers I would go to the inquest so I was always going to go , ' she said . ` To be able to to look them in the eye and say sorry was incredibly hard but it 's something I felt I needed to do -- everyone was very emotionally involved in that room . ' Ms Greig now hopes she can try to move on with her life . ` I do have a little bit more closure and I 've been finding it so hard to move forward and I think a lot of that had a lot to do with not being able to say sorry -- just bearing that guilt and that blame , ' she said . ` To know that I have done everything I can -- I tried to help -- I said sorry -- I feel that I 've redeemed myself as much as I can and I hope they got the answers to find the closure as well . ' Former 2Day FM co-hosts Greig -LRB- left -RRB- and Michael Christian -LRB- right -RRB- posed as the Queen and Prince Charles as part of a prank in 2012 . Ms Greig said that the incident had changed her forever and that she felt like the ` world hated -LSB- her -RSB- ' When asked how others involved in the prank had been able to put the tragedy behind them , Ms Greig simply replied that people handle situations differently . ` Some people were able to just move on from that -- I was n't -- it deeply affected me for a long time and when you are the face of blame publicly you believe it , ' she said . ` As well , knowing Jacintha herself has written my name in that suicide note and blamed me directly -- you hold yourself responsible . ' Ms Greig spoke of how the incident had taken its toll on her over the past two and a half years . ` It took every bit of strength and every bit of support to get through that but you have a choice you can keep fighting or you can let it just take you over and I wanted to fight - life is so precious , ' she said . ` I wanted to try to get better and a part of that was going to the inquest and saying sorry and helping the family out so combined I feel I 've got everything so I can truly move forward . '