Fancy bonding with a Brazilian , romancing a Roman , puckering up to a Parisian or seducing a Swede ? A dating website is offering one lucky person the chance to scour the world for love , all without paying a penny . Match.com is seeking an outgoing , media-savvy person with a passion for travelling and meeting new people to hop around the globe and go on dates with locals . Scroll down for video . The chosen candidate will be able to discover all that the dating scene in each city has to offer . To coincide with the dating site 's 20th anniversary , applications seeking a ` date explorer ' to help it revolutionise the British dating scene . The lucky singleton will be given a round-the-world ticket with stops at five different destinations : New York , Rio de Janeiro , Rome , Stockholm and Paris . In each city they will sample the local dating scene and unearth the pearls of wisdom that could help turn Britons into better daters . The lucky singleton will be given a round-the-world ticket with stops in New York and four other cities . The chosen candidate will be able to discover all that the dating scene in each city has to offer - from samba dancing in Brazil and Swedish saunas to coffee near Rome 's Trevi Fountain and strolling hand in hand along the Champs-Elysees in Paris . The trip will last for six weeks and take place during June and July , with all hotel and travel costs covered . It will also include a generous expenses budget to ensure they can go on as many dates as possible without breaking the bank . The lucky winner could be romancing a Roman near the sparkling waters of the Trevi Fountain . A spokesperson for Match.com said the website is hoping ` the chosen date explorer and their followers will be inspired by the savvy , no-nonsense approach of New Yorkers , the passion of Romans , and the Parisians ' ability to confidently charm their date ' . As part of the application process candidates are asked to describe their best and worst dates and why they should be chosen for this adventure . The deadline to enter the competition is April 30 .