A one-year-old boy who was shot and killed by another toddler who picked up and fired a loaded gun has been pictured . Braylon Robinson was playing at a house in Cleveland , Ohio , on Sunday when another three-year-old boy found the unattended weapon and pulled the trigger . The bullet struck the baby boy in the face . Minutes later , he was rushed to an area hospital , where he was later pronounced dead . It is unclear whether the infant was related to the older boy . Now , investigators are apparently trying to determine where the gun came from - and the identity of the person responsible for bringing it into the house and leaving it within the toddler 's reach . Scroll down for video . Horrifying : Braylon Robinson was killed while playing at a house in Cleveland , Ohio . Another three-tear-old boy found the unattended weapon and pulled the trigger . Tragic : A three-year-old boy has shot dead a one-year-old baby after picking up a gun that had been left unattended in a Cleveland , Ohio , home , police said on Sunday night . Above , police outside the property . Cousin Trashawn Robinson told NBC on Monday the family has been torn apart by the youngster 's death . He said the boy was ` always smiling ' and ` kept everyone happy ' . ` He did n't even make it to the hospital , ' he said . ` Everybody loved Braylon . ' Speaking to cleveland.com , Cleveland Police Chief Calvin Williams said that this person will likely face charges in relation to the shooting , which has shocked residents across the city 's east side . ` It 's a sad day for Cleveland , Williams told reporters outside the home . ` This fascination that we have with handguns , not just in this city but in this country , has to stop . This is a senseless loss of life . ' He added : ` Currently we 're investigating where this firearm came from . We 're also investigating how this tragedy actually happened . A three-year-old ca n't be held accountable for a tragedy like this . ` There have to be adults that either supplied the weapons , had charge of the weapons or knew the weapons were there and did n't do anything to safeguard them . ' Investigation : The child , who has not been identified , fired the weapon after discovering it inside the house in East 63rd Street , where s at least one adult were reportedly staying . Above , investigators inspect the scene . Police chief : Cleveland Police Chief Calvin Williams -LRB- pictured -RRB- said that the person responsible for leaving the gun attended will likely face charges in relation to the shooting , which has shocked residents in the city . On Sunday afternoon , when the shooting occurred , the baby 's mother could be heard screaming on the back porch after learning of the death of her son , who was later named as Braylon Robinson . Cleveland Emergency Medical Service Capt. Michael Threat told ABC the infant had been shot in the face . Throughout the afternoon , emergency crews were seen entering and exiting the home . Neighbors said that the mother lived in the house with at least three small children . ` They were really nice , ' next-door neighbor Larry Simpson said , adding : ` It 's a shame this had to happen . ' Another neighbor told Fox : ` I was lost for words . It 's sad . Why is there a gun in the house ? ' The toddler 's parents ' names were not released immediately . An investigation is ongoing . Disaster : On Sunday afternoon , when the shooting occurred , the baby 's mother could be heard screaming on the back porch after learning of the death of her son . Above , two family friends rush to the aid of the mother . Shocked : One neighbor -LRB- pictured -RRB- said : ` I was lost for words . It 's sad ... . why is there a gun in the house ? '