` Secret stuff ' : Ivana Chubbuck , 62 , is a part therapist and part acting coach , known as the ` celebrity whisperer ' She is known as the ` celebrity whisperer ' , a woman whose astonishing skill in honing Hollywood talent made an icon out of a man who used to stand on street corners dressed as a chicken . Today , Brad Pitt is known the world over . Ivana Chubbuck 's client list includes Eva Mendes , Charlize Theron , Gerard Butler , Halle Berry , Sharon Stone and many others . So powerful are her methods , she reduced Beyoncé Knowles to tears within five minutes . And within months , the singer was topping the charts with Single Ladies . Part therapist , part acting coach , and very Hollywood , Chubbuck , 62 , runs a hugely successful drama school in Los Angeles . She hosts workshops around the globe , as well as in the wood-panelled library of her £ 3 million home . Beyoncé went to Chubbuck when she was about to play legendary soul singer Etta James in the movie Cadillac Records and was looking to be taken seriously as an artist . Despite her professional success , Beyoncé was also at what she termed ` a pivotal point ' in her life . ` I 'm about empowering people , ' Chubbuck told The Mail on Sunday in a rare interview -- one which goes much further into her methods , and her clients ' responses , than she usually allows . ` Beyoncé is a black girl from the South , that is her world . Like everyone else on the planet , she has issues . But once she faced those issues and realised she could use them in a positive way in her art , she flourished . ' Apparently it 's all about the ` secret stuff ' that Chubbuck 's clients tell her . Certainly it is well known that Beyoncé 's relationship with her domineering father has been fractured for years . ` I told her to open up , to really get in touch with her feelings and what was going on inside her , ' Chubbuck said . ` She started to feel her secret stuff and we start having a dialogue about it and she became emotional . We were crying together . She tapped into that well of pain inside her . ` She rang me up after we 'd worked together on the movie and said , ` Listen to my new record -- it 's all the stuff you taught me . ' And that 's when she came out with Single Ladies and all the great female empowerment songs . The little pop star turned into a global icon . ' When we meet at Chubbuck 's home , model and actress Eva Mendes is just leaving after a three-hour ` intensive session ' for her new movie with Ricky Gervais called Special Correspondents . Clients : Chubbuck works with some of the biggest names in show business including Beyonce -LRB- left -RRB- and Eva Mendes -LRB- right -RRB- . Eva 's Prada dress in pale orange . Shop the designer at Saks Fifth Avenue ! Visit site . Esmeralda ! We LOVE it . And we 've a feeling little Esmeralda might be a little style icon in the making , just like her mum . So what that in mind , it 's time to revisit one of our favourite Eva Mendes looks . This woman can wear what she likes . Even in bold shades of orange she still manages to look flawless , which is why we 've decided to take some autumnal inspiration from this premiere perfect look . She wore this orange Prada dress back in March of 2013 , but we still ca n't quite get over it . It 's floaty , feminine and gorgeous . Eva teamed this orange number with a lighter hue satin shoe , which added another texture and dimension to the look . We would definitely suggest a strappy , metallic heel with this . So , if you 're keen to update her look for the new season , check out our pick of the best colour-popping dresses -LRB- below -RRB- . We 'll be donning Mango 's layered mini dress with a leather biker jacket to see out the summer in style . Mango Chiffon Ruffle Dress . Visit site . Boohoo Laura Curve Column Dress . Visit site . Bec & Bridge Isis Angle Dress -LRB- now on sale for $ 178 ! -RRB- at Revolve . Visit site . Carven Crêpe de Chine Dress at Barneys . Visit site . So what did that amount to ? Mendes said : ` Ivana 's technique could be boiled down to : take the pain in your life and find the most effective way to accomplish a goal with it . ' In other words , your guess is as good as mine . Mendes continues : ` It helps you understand humanity -- what drives someone to do what they do , good or bad . It 's not painful ... it 's cathartic . ' Chubbuck first met Brad Pitt when he was working as a promoter for a fast-food restaurant dressed in a chicken suit , and tells a story of a young man so driven by a desire to succeed that he had no life aside from acting . Today , he is still a client and Chubbuck worked on his most recent movie , Fury . She made an icon out of Brad Pitt , who when she met him was working as a promoter at a fast-food restaurant dressed in a chicken suit . ` Brad always had a work ethic that put others to shame , ' Chubbuck said . ` He studied and worked . I would pair him up with a partner and many of those partners would ask to be changed because Brad wanted to rehearse a scene three , four , five hours a day . He was dedicated to his craft . He had no social life . He had his stupid job and the rest of the time he was studying with me . ` For the major talents , fame is never the driving force . Brad worked his butt off , he 's taken risks over the years and when he fails he gets back up and works harder . He makes bold choices and is n't afraid to fail . ' So what is the secret ? Chubbuck says her technique is based on delving into your ` deepest , darkest past ' and then using those negative feelings to positively portray a character on screen . Some of this is outlined in a best-selling book The Power Of The Actor -LRB- Gotham Books -RRB- which has been translated into 18 languages . Stars such as Kate Bosworth , Camilla Belle , Elisabeth Shue and Mendes have given the tome glowing reviews . Mendes said : ` It is my bible -- I do n't leave home without it . ' Chubbuck recently returned from a working trip to London and says the phenomenon of British actors dominating Hollywood -LRB- Eddie Redmayne , Benedict Cumberbatch , Daniel Craig -RRB- is ` because Brits have a great work ethic and are not afraid to take risks or make fun of themselves ' . Do her celebrity friends such as Matthew Perry , James Franco and Jake Gyllenhaal ever expect star treatment ? ` Bottom line is they are with me to work , ' Chubbuck says . ` Celebrity goes out the window . I 'm about stripping them bare . The one thing I have learned over the years is that all of us have the same needs and wants as human beings . ` It does n't matter if you are in London or the Philippines . There 's a shared human story -- we all want love , we all have issues with our spouses or partners , with our parents . The key thing is taking the bad stuff and not being a victim . ` You have to use that stuff to empower yourself . '