A Canadian teacher was jailed for ten years today after being found guilty of sexually abusing children at an elite international school in Indonesia . Neil Bantleman , who also holds British nationality , was afforded one final kiss from his wife before being led away by police after the verdict was handed down . The sentence sparked outrage from his supporters , including the school itself and the international community , who insist he is innocent and expressed concern over the rule of law in Indonesia . Scroll down for video . Last embrace : Canadian teacher Neil Bantleman kisses his wife Tracy before being sentenced to ten years in prison for sexually abusing three young children at a prestigious international school in Indonesia today . In a packed courtroom , the administrator was convicted of abusing three young boys at the Jakarta Intercultural School , which has for decades been favoured by expatriates and wealthy Indonesians . Also standing trial for abusing the children is Ferdinand Tjiong , an Indonesian teaching assistant at the school . A verdict on his case was to be handed down later today . Both men , who have strongly denied committing abuse , received backing from the school , parents , and the international community . Their supporters have said the case is deeply flawed and motivated by a bid by one alleged victim 's family to get compensation from the school . Before the trial : The couple were pictured hugging before Mr Bantleman was handed the devastating verdict in Jakarta today . Behind bars : Tracy Bantleman looked on in misery as her husband of two years languished behind bars while awaiting his trial . Following the verdict , Canada and Britain called for the authorities to follow due legal process , while America said it was ` deeply disappointed ' and warned it could damage Indonesia 's reputation . After nine hours reading the verdict at South Jakarta District Court , presiding judge Nur Aslam said that Bantleman was guilty of abusing the children . ` The defendant did not admit his crime or express regret for his deeds , nor did he apologise for what he did , which psychologically damaged underage children , ' she said . He was sentenced to ten years in jail and ordered to pay a fine of 100 million rupiah -LRB- £ 5,200 -RRB- . Prosecutors had sought a 12-year term . To applause and cheers from his supporters , who included many parents at the school , Bantleman said that he would appeal the verdict : ` We will continue to fight until the truth comes out . ' Her voice breaking with emotion , his wife Tracy Bantleman said that she was ` deeply disturbed and appalled by the decision of the panel of judges . Devastating news : Mr Bantleman looked up in dismay as his guilty verdict was read out by the judge . Shock : A stunned Tracy Bantleman , pictured moments after her husband 's guilty verdict was read out . Led away : The teacher , who also holds British nationality , was found guilty of abusing boys at the Jakarta Intercultural School Intercultural School , sparking anger among supporters who insist he is innocent . ` They have absolutely , utterly ignored evidence in support of my husband ' . The scandal , which erupted in April last year with accusations of abuse levelled at cleaning staff , has sparked deep unease among Jakarta 's expatriate community and foreign governments alike . U.S. ambassador to Indonesia , Robert Blake , said there were serious questions about ` the investigative process and lack of credible evidence against the teachers ' . ` We are deeply disappointed with this outcome ... the broad international community is following this case closely . ` The outcome of the legal process and what it reveals about the rule of law in Indonesia will have a significant impact on Indonesia 's reputation abroad . ' The British Embassy in Jakarta said in a statement there were ` concerns about irregularities in this case ' . Hefty sentence : The ten-year jail term has sparked outrage from Mr Bantleman 's supporters , including the school itself and the international community . Emotional goodbye : Tracy Bantleman hugs her husband as he is led away from court after being sentenced . International disapproval : The British Embassy in Jakarta said in a statement there were ` concerns about irregularities in this case ' Canadian Foreign Affairs Minister Rob Nicholson said that Canada had ` called for a fair and transparent trial throughout the judicial process ' . Accusations of assault at the school - formerly known as the Jakarta International School - initially sparked horror among the expatriate community . But the focus soon shifted to what supporters say was an unfair attempt to target Bantleman and Tjiong by Indonesia 's notoriously corrupt police and judicial system . Supporters have accused police of a botched investigation , and point to unfair trials , which the judge closed to the public as they involved children . The court was open to the public for the reading of the verdicts . The prosecution insists that the testimony of the alleged victims , all boys , is the truth and that their claims are backed up by evidence from medical examinations . However , the defence argues the medical exams were flawed . The men have said the decision to prosecute them revolved around a separate lawsuit filed by the family of one of the alleged victims , which demands $ 125million in compensation from the school . Happier times : Neil and Tracy Bantleman , pictured at a wedding in Scotland in July 2013 , are staying together despite allegations he has abused a young boy at the Jakarta school where they both work . Staying together : Neil and Tracy Bantleman , pictured here attending a friend 's wedding in Bali , Indonesia .