It is the brand new accommodation designed to give visitors a taste of the South Pacific , but the latest villas on offer at Walt Disney World Florida are not for the budget traveller . The first phase of Disney 's Polynesian Villas & Bungalows has just been unveiled , revealing opulent overwater villas available from $ 2,000 a night - rising to $ 4,500 at peak times . And though the luxurious offerings look like they belong in Bora Bora , in reality , they 're located just steps from the Magic Kingdom in Orlando . Scroll down for video . Disney has just opened their first-ever overwater bungalows as part of their luxury Polynesian resort . Nestled along the shore of the Seven Seas Lagoon , the resort is a quick monorail ride away from the theme park and also conveniently located close by to Disney 's Polynesian Village Resort . There , guests will find all of their dining options , as well as several play areas , a children 's club , and more . The impressive overwater suites are a first of their kind for Disney , boasting two bedrooms , two bathrooms and a private plunge pool . Each bungalow reportedly sleeps up to eight people and offers a view of both the Magic Kingdom Resort and the lagoon , where an electrical water pageant takes place each night . Nestled on the shores of the Seven Seas Lagoon , the villas feel more like Bora Bora than Florida . All of the bungalows have two bedrooms , two bathrooms , a full kitchen and a large living area . There are 20 overwater villas in total and each of the opulent offering sleeps eight people . Each bungalow has an expansive private deck , complete with private plunge pool overlooking the water . Before being ushered to their private bungalow , all 20 of which are connected via bamboo walkways , guests are welcomed at the Great Ceremonial House , where they are given flower leis . From there , and if you 're not headed directly to the theme parks , guests can take advantage of their private decks and sun loungers or explore the sandy shores of the lagoon . There are also a pair of bamboo chairs hanging from the roof on each of the bungalow 's decks , providing the perfect spot to tuck into a bit of Dole Whip soft serve ice cream . The pineapple-flavoured concoction is famous on the resort - and one of the only places you can find the sweet treat outside of Hawaii . In one of the bedrooms , the bed 's headboard is crafted out of wooden surfboards . Of the two bathrooms , the master even has a television hidden in the mirror . The villas have a mid-century , 60s-era design scheme and a large dining room table that seats eight . The bungalows provide the perfect vantage point from which to watch the electrical water pageant at night . At night , music from the fireworks display , which takes place at the Magic Kingdom , gets piped in to the villa . The villas can be booked by regular holidaymakers but are also available as part of a timeshare programme through Disney 's Vacation Club . ` If you 'd like to rent one of the bungalows , it 's anywhere between $ 2,100 and $ 4,500 , depending on the time of year you come and visit , ' Tracy Powell , Vice Presidents Deluxe Resorts told Fox Orlando . She maintains that the high price will stil offer great value for timeshare programme users as lifetime membership will eventually save them up to 50 per cent on costs .