Five-month-old Elijah is ` the happiest baby ever ' , according to his mother . He loves everything that moves , especially seeing people and exploring new places . But doctors say he probably wo n't live to see his second birthday because of a fatal genetic illness . His heartbroken mum Jessica and dad Andrew McCrae have pledged to do everything they can to make sure the little boy from Penrith , in Sydney 's west , lives a full life , compiling a 30-item bucket list for their son to complete before he passes away . From a road trip to Queensland to watching the sunrise and set with him , Jessica told Daily Mail Australia the family are planning to show Elijah as much of the world as they can in his final days . Little Elijah suffers the fatal genetic disease Type 1 Spinal Muscular Atrophy -LRB- SMA -RRB- . Born strong , he 's now ` very floppy ' , and doctors say he will probably not survive his second birthday . ` His sweet face will always know how to bring a smile to my face , even long after he has left us , ' his mum Jessica McCrae said . First item on the bucket list : LIttle Ellijah got to visit the Sydney Royal Easter Show at the weekend and meet all of the animals . Fun times : Dad Andrew cradles his little boy . ` Just because he ca n't move his body does n't mean he ca n't enjoy life any other way , like the rest of us can , ' his mum told Daily Mail Australia . Little Elijah suffers from Type 1 Spinal Muscular Atrophy -LRB- SMA -RRB- . He gets weaker as he grows older . Born strong , he 's now ` very floppy ' . His parents were devastated when he was diagnosed . They are refusing to wallow in their sadness . ` You can sit there and be depressed about it , or say , `` he 's here for two years , we 've got to make the most of it , ' Jessica said . The parents were motivated to start the list - which includes visiting Sydney 's aquarium and Opera House - by their love for their son , and heartbreak at seeing other happy families having fun with their grown children . ` I thought , `` let 's make a bucket list . ` I 've got my own - like travelling the world - but -LRB- Elijah -RRB- wo n't ever be able to do things like that . ` So why do n't we do things we would do with a child when we 're older ? ' The family have already ticked one item off the line-up . They visited the Sydney Royal Easter Show at the weekend . It 's the Easter Show ! Dad Andrew and mum Jessica are pictured with their baby boy out the front of all the rides at the Easter Show last weekend . Look at those goats ! Little Elijah is pictured with some of his furry friends . His parents are hoping to take him to Sydney Wildlife World and Featherdale Wildlife Park as well . ` We have to enjoy it now . We do n't get to see him enjoy these things when he 's like 10 , we have to do it now ' Little Elijah was fascinated by all the ` shiny stores ' and loved looking at the cakes , his mum said . And in the coming weeks , they are hoping to head out on a road trip to Queensland , stopping along the way at various sights , including Byron Bay , the theme parks on the Gold Coast and The Entrance , on the Central Coast of New South Wales . ` The hardest thing is seeing other families , especially when you go out and see these families having fun , ' Jessica said . ` We have to enjoy it now . We do n't get to see him enjoy these things when he 's like 10 , we have to do it now . ' ` The hardest thing is seeing other families , especially when you go out and see these families having fun , ' Jessica said . Elijah was born very strong but has lost a lot of muscle because of his condition . `` It breaks you , to see your baby get so weak , ' his mum said . The family have made a fundraising page in the hope they can raise the money to complete the list together . But the item they want the most is to celebrate Elijah 's first birthday with a big party . ` I want him to celebrate his 21st birthday , ' she wrote on Facebook , ` but I 'm being realistic ' . There is hope that Elijah may survive longer than the doctors have predicted . Elijah has been approved to go into a clinical trial which will hopefully prolong the little boy 's life . 1 . Trip to New Zealand . 2 . The Gold Coast . 3 . Experience Movie World . 4 . See Sea World . 5 . Visit Australia Zoo . 6 . Go to Wollongong . . 7 . An adventure to Forster . 8 . See Palm Beach . 9 . Take a peek at The Entrance . 10 . Go to Coffs Harbour . 11 . Swing by Byron Bay . 12 . Attend the Sydney Aquarium . 13 . See the creatures at Sydney Wildlife Park . 14 . Pat the animals at Featherdale Wildlife Park . 15 . Paddle at Manly/Bondi Beach . 16 . See the Opera House . 17 . Visit Darling Harbour . 18 . Be dazzled by the Vivid Light Festival . 19 . Take him on a ferry . 20 . Watch the sunset and sunrise . 21 . Visit The Three Sisters/Blue Mountains . 22 . Go to Mt Tomah -LRB- ` a taste of Scotland ' -RRB- . 23 . Attend the Bundanoon Highland Gathering . 24 . Have a family photoshoot . 25 . Celebrate his 6th months on Earth with a party . 26 . Dedicate him to God . 26 . Host a 1st birthday party . 27 . Go to the Easter Show -LRB- done -RRB- . 28 . Head to a museum . 29 . Visit the look-a-likes at Madame Tussauds . Of two groups in the trial , one will receive a drug , while the other must undergo an invasive ` sham surgery ' . ` Praying hard he will get the drug and not the sham , ' his mother wrote on Facebook . The treatment Elijah will receive will be randomly selected by a computer . No one , bar a few selected people , will know as his mother is not allowed to accompany her baby during the procedure . ` Words can not describe the anxiety , the emotions I am feeling . The first wish listed on Elijah 's bucket list is to visit New Zealand with his parents -LRB- above , Paparoa National Park on New Zealand 's South Island -RRB- . Number three on Elijah 's bucket list is to see Queensland 's iconic family theme park Sea World . Visiting Australia Zoo is number five on Elijah 's bucket list , where one of the highlights is visiting the koalas . ` It 's all hitting me harder than ever now . Especially because if he gets the drug it might prolong his life . ` If not , then we will lose him soon . It kind of feels like it is his `` d-day '' . `` It breaks you , to see your baby get so weak . ' But she knows Elijah will always be with them . Jessica wrote on Facebook : ' -LRB- His -RRB- sweet face will always know how to bring a smile to my face , even long after he has left us . ' Seeing the Opera House is number 16 on Elijah 's bucket list , a landmark made famous by it 's white sails .