As a mother of five children , economist Vicky Pryce might need a helping hand more than your average mum . However , the revelation that she 'd rather have a good au pair than a husband is perhaps more of a reflection on her relationship with her own ex husband , disgraced former Lib Dem MP Chris Huhne , than it is a general statement about child-rearing . Greek-born Pryce , who famously spent two months at Her Majesty 's pleasure after being convicted of perverting the course of justice for taking Huhne 's speeding fines , has been speaking about life post prison and how she 's handled a stellar , if not tumultuous , career - all while bringing up her brood . Despite having a high-flying career , Vicky Pryce has managed to raise five children ... but admits she would miss them when work commitments came calling . Speaking to the Times , the author , who since her stint behind bars , which ended in May 2013 , has written a book about life in women 's prisons , says that her advice to women would be to ` be as independent as you possibly can . ' The economist is said to now be enjoying the company of former MP and convicted fraudster Denis MacShane but with two failed marriages behind her , it seems that good childcare has been essential to raising her own children . Returning to the workplace within two months with each of her children required her to take a tough ` cry it out ' approach with them , she says . Pryce , 62 , freely admits that within just weeks of their birth , her offspring were put into their own room and left to cry until they learned to soothe themselves back to sleep . The worst episode saw one of her children scream it for two hours , she says . Something has to give : Pryce , pictured here in 2013 with Professor Noreena Hertz -LRB- left -RRB- admits she never baked cakes for her children and would often be late for parties . Pryce admits to not knowing the names of her children 's friends while they were growing up and that she sacrificed more traditional motherly duties such as cake baking or preparing costumes in favour of her career . Maternal guilt did n't plague her though but she does admit to missing her children dreadfully while absent from them with work commitments . ` For me it is not guilt , it is missing them . That is the issue . If you start feeling guilty you 've had it really . ' After child number five , she admits she returned to work for a meeting within a week of her baby 's birth and says she found it surprisingly easy to switch off . She said : ` The interesting thing is that as soon as I got into the cab , I immediately switched my brain to work brain . When you 're here with a baby you do n't actually think you can do it . But you can . And I did . ' Romance ? Vicky Pryce , pictured arriving at Southwark court for her sentencing in 2013 , is said to be ` close ' to former MP and convicted fraudster Denis MacShane . No love lost : Pictured with ex-husband Chris Huhne . The couple both served time in prison for perverting the course of justice over speeding fines issued in 2003 . Pryce , who speaks four languages , advocates too an early return to work as a way of battling post-natal depression , saying that ` you ca n't afford to have the baby blues ' if you 're charged with holding down a job and a family . After a high-profile career with professional services goliath KPMG , she worked as a government advisor before coming unstuck when she lied to the police about taking her former husband 's speeding points . She was jailed in March 2013 . Her trial heard she only revealed she had taken them to exact revenge on her cheating husband and ` nail him ' after he left her for another woman . Former Energy Secretary Huhne was clocked driving too fast in March 2003 and persuaded Pryce to take the blame so he could avoid losing his licence . The couple separated after 26 years of marriage in 2010 after Mr Huhne admitted he was having an affair with his PR adviser Carina Trimingham , 46 . After nearly two years proclaiming his innocence and fighting to have the case dropped , Huhne changed his plea at the start of the pair 's trial at Southwark Crown Court , promptly resigning as Liberal Democrat MP for Eastleigh and ending his political career . Ms Pryce -- who started her sentence in Holloway , Britain 's toughest women 's jail -- was inspired by her experiences to write a book about how and why women end up in prison -- and to express her concerns about the way they are treated there . She embraced prison life , taking part in karaoke and playing bingo for the first time , before being released on a tag .