Most people might believe that being covered in face tattoos would make it impossible to land a job ; but for one inked-up Canadian man the decision to cover his head , neck and arms in crude body art has actually earned him a lucrative career as a model . Vin Los , 24 , gained notoriety last year for his tattoo-covered visage and his dreams of becoming the most famous man in the world ; despite facing heavy criticism about his unique ink , Vin insisted that the Sharpie-like tattoos on his face , neck , chest , and arms 'em body pop culture ' , create ` a myth , a mystery ' and would one day help him to achieve his goal of global fame . And while many may have doubted his chances of succeeding , it seems his unique look has actually started to pay off , as the Montreal-based model has landed a campaign for underwear brand Garçon Model . Scroll down for video . Inked in his underwear : Vin Loss , 24 , stars in a new campaign for underwear brand Garçon Model that showcases his extensive body art . Baring it all : Modeling underwear allows Vin to show off his many tattoos , which include the names of cities like Baghdad , San Francisco , New York , and Kuala Luampur . The ads , which feature Vin posing in boxer briefs , put his tattoos on full display , spotlighting phrases like ` scream my name ' , ` iconic face ' , and ` my man is str8 ' , as well as tattooed-on chest hair . ` You could look at me in a hundred years from now and really get the idea of what pop culture was like in the early 2010s , ' he told Vice last year , adding that the words and phrases he chooses are inspired by YouTube songs , places , and other ` superficial ' things . ` I want to be an image for people to look at , something that has an impact , ' he says . ` Everybody who sees me is bound to ask questions : `` Why fame ? What 's his life like ? '' ' Art history : Vin says he got his first tattoo around the age of 16 ; it 's the logo for Le Coq Sportif on his chest . Flashing his fame : One of his most prominent tattoos , the word ` fame ' written across his forehead summarizes Vin 's biggest goal . Vin 's extensive body art has taken him years to cultivate -- while he now has 24 tattoos on his face and others on his arms , neck , chest , legs , and stomach , he started with a single rendering of the Le Coq Sportif logo when he was 16 . He also insists that his tattoos are real , and has gone so far as to prove the designs are permanent by filming himself washing up , in order to show that the ink does n't come off when scrubbed . ` If I was indecisive , I do n't think I would write on my face , ' he explains . Do n't forget this face : Vin likes that his many tattoos make him memorable and thinks they make him a ` myth ' and a ` mystery ' Adding them up : Vin has 24 tattoos on his face alone , including the words ` guilty ' , ` play ' , and ` famous ' Before breaking into modeling , Vin worked at a supermarket where he says he ` wanted to die ' ; now he hopes to build an empire and bring a paparazzi culture to his hometown of Montreal because he is disappointed that the city does n't have a ` star system ' . He also designs wallets , which he sells for $ 98 on his newly-launched website . Vin is not the first heavily-tattooed model to use his body art to earn modelling gigs ; photographer Christian Saint recently released a book called Tattoo Super Models that features women covered in ink .