Charlie Adam looked up , noticed Thibaut Courtois was off his line , and thought : ` Why not ? ' Why not , indeed . The Stoke City midfielder was 66 yards from goal but had the audacity to score what will surely be crowned the Barclays Premier League 's strike of the season . David Beckham did it against Wimbledon in August 1996 , as did Wayne Rooney against West Ham last March . There was Xabi Alonso in 2006 and Maynor Figueroa three years later , too . Charlie Adam -LRB- centre -RRB- lets fly from inside his own half as he scores one of the goals of his career at Chelsea . Thibaut Courtois watches on as he is unable to stop Adam 's shot from hitting the back of the net for 1-1 . Yet this was different . It was not a hit and hope . It was not a lob . This was a direct shot from deep inside Adam 's own half which fooled one of the world 's greatest goalkeepers -- and Adam meant it . Sportmail 's Jamie Redknapp agreed . ` This is better than Beckham , more audacious than Rooney 's last season , This is one of the best strikes we 've ever seen . It 's an absolutely incredible piece of play by Charlie Adam . ` You categorise goals as great individual efforts or team goals , but that was a piece of genius . To even try it is brilliant . ' Even by the standards those at Stamford Bridge are used to seeing week in , week out , this was special . Particularly because it came from an unexpected source , from a ` bloke who looks like a bus driver ' , as former English cricket captain Freddie Flintoff colourfully put it . Nineteen years ago , when Beckham introduced himself to the world with his goal from the halfway line , he did so wearing the wrong footwear . The Manchester United great beat Wimbledon goalkeeper Neil Sullivan wearing custom-made boots embroidered with ` Charlie ' on the tongue -- adidas sending Beckham a pair which were actually intended for Rangers attacking midfielder Charlie Miller . Adam -LRB- second left -RRB- admitted he had mixed emotions after scoring the goal but losing the game . David Beckham struck from inside his own half for Manchester United against Wimbledon in 1996 . Beckham celebrated the final goal in 3-0 win for United on the opening day of the 1996-97 season . Chelsea became the second team to score 100 penalties in the Premier League . Liverpool were the first and have now scored 102 . Miller never got his boots as they were retired , turned into a museum piece , having helped Beckham towards his first of 115 England caps less than three weeks later against Moldova . From one Scottish Charlie to another , Adam plans to frame his boots and shirt from Stamford Bridge , but this goal is unlikely to be the making of the former Rangers , Blackpool and Liverpool midfielder as it was for Beckham . Yet in the four seconds it took for the ball to go from boot to net , Adam disproved the theory that sequels are never better than the original . ` The manager kept saying to me , `` come in the middle of the pitch '' , to try to get on the ball , ' Adam said . ` I 'm not a winger , I 'm not a wide left midfielder , I do n't have the pace to go in behind so I 've seen an opening , I 've seen the goalie off his line and I thought , `` why not do it at a place like Chelsea ? '' ` I 've seen the goalie back-pedalling and I was praying it would go in . I 'll remember it for the rest of my career . ' From Spain 's Marca to Italy 's La Gazzetta dello Sport , the goal has been admired worldwide . One man who does not want to see it again , however , is Jose Mourinho . It left a black mark against a win which moved them seven points clear at the top of the Premier League , yet even the Chelsea manager can admire a wonder-goal when one comes along , as much as it hurts to admit it . Even Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho had to admit that Adam 's goal was a strike of the highest quality . Adam -LRB- right -RRB- celebrates with his Stoke City team-mates after scoring at Stamford Bridge on Saturday . ` It was a fantastic goal , every player in the world would like to score a goal like that , ' Mourinho said . ` Diego Maradona to Lionel Messi to all these brilliant players . Not all of them did score that goal in their careers . ' Maradona , Messi , and Adam . Unlike the Argentinian greats , he is known more for his heavy tackling , as Gareth Bale found out when he suffered ankle ligament damage in May 2011 . Yet this was straight from the Pele playbook . Stoke had not managed a single shot on target with half-time minutes away and there seemed no danger as Adam picked up the ball 10 yards inside his own half . Courtois mistakenly thought the same . Yet this is nothing new from Adam . He did it for Blackpool reserves previously , and Ross County , too . Asked if it is something he thinks about using regularly during a game , Adam said : ` Every time . ' Midway through this interview , Chelsea striker Didier Drogba interrupts . ` Why ? ' he asks Adam in mock indignation . ` Tell me why ? ' To which Adam replies : ` I watch your videos . ' Indeed there are compilations of goals just as outrageous on YouTube and , on Saturday , Adam rightly earned his place in history among them .