Arsenal appear in high spirits ahead of hosting Champions League qualification rivals Liverpool on Saturday afternoon . The Gunners take on Brendan Rodgers ' side at the Emirates , third in the Premier League and six points clear of fifth-placed Liverpool in the race for the top four . And in training ahead of the showdown , Arsene Wenger 's side managed to appear relatively relaxed ahead of such a vital contest . Arsenal players target defender Laurent Koscielny -LRB- centre -RRB- with a friendly slap during training on Friday at London Colney . Wenger must be in high spirits having seen his side win all six matches they played in March as the Frenchman picked up the Manager of the Month award . Free-scoring Olivier Giroud , who fired in six goals over the month , completed the double to pick up the player accolade . Arsenal welcomed back Jack Wilshere , Mikel Arteta , Mathieu Debuchy and Abou Diaby to first-team training this week in a boost to their squad . The Gunners boss was however concerned over forward Theo Walcott 's plummeting confidence after his disappointing run out for England in Turin . Wenger will have a heart-to-heart chat with Walcott ahead of Saturday 's crunch top-four clash . Centre back Per Mertesacker -LRB- centre -RRB- takes his time getting back to his feet after a push from team-mate Calum Chambers . Arsenal 's Chilean forward Alexis Sanchez is all smiles in training as the Gunners gear up to take on Liverpool at the Emirates . England international Jack Wilshere is back in training with the first team having been out since November with an ankle injury . Spaniard Santi Cazorla -LRB- left -RRB- bursts into laughter while Chambers searches for a pass during training exercises on Friday . Gunners forward Theo Walcott leaps into action during a training drill having played 55 minutes for England in Turin on Tuesday evening . Brazilian centre back Gabriel Paulista performs a stretch as the Arsenal squad limber up ahead of facing Liverpool on Saturday . With Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain out of Liverpool 's visit due to a hamstring strain , and Danny Welbeck a major doubt after sustaining a knee problem on international duty , Walcott could start on Saturday . But Wenger said : ` Yes , I 'm worried about Theo 's confidence . He 's sensitive and I 'm a bit concerned about the damage that game can have on his mind . ` He 's not completely there yet -LRB- after the injury -RRB- . But being exposed like that , people have a harsh judgement on him that is not deserved because he does well . ` At the moment he is frustrated , but that is normal . I will speak with him , but I think he is strong enough . He is not fragile mentally , he is strong mentally but he is disappointed because when you come back from an injury you always think you are ready . Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has a word alone with German defender Mertesacker as they prepare to host top-four rivals Liverpool . Sanchez was messing around with the cameramen at London Colney , attempting to hide from the lenses . Arsenal striker Olivier Giroud , who won March Player of the Month award , holds off a challenge from team-mate Mikel Arteta . England forward Danny Welbeck is back in training despite picking up a knock on international duty at Wembley last week . Meanwhile Wenger was particularly coy over links to Liverpool 's star Raheem Sterling . ` Sterling is a top player , but I do n't want to get involved in that before a game , ' Wenger told his news conference . ` That 's down to Liverpool , I do n't want to interfere in that . It 's not my problem . I do not want to speak about any move . ` We are not in a transfer period , we are in front of a big game . I respect Liverpool and I do not want to go into any supposed move for any of their players . ' Sanchez looks on in Arsenal training as Wenger put his squad through their paces before Saturday 's Premier League contest . Hector Bellerin -LRB- left -RRB- keeps his eye on the ball as a returning Mesut Ozil passes to a team-mate on Friday at London Colney . The two top keepers at Arsenal , Wojciech Szczesny -LRB- left -RRB- and David Ospina walk out to take part in team training . Arsenal 's in-form midfielder Francis Coquelin -LRB- left -RRB- attempts to dispossess England forward Danny Welbeck during training on Friday .