Child Protection Services have again seized the two ` free range ' children of a mother and father whose unusual approach to parenting has become a national debate . Danielle and Alexander Meitiv , both scientists in Maryland , made headlines just before Christmas when police found Rafi , 10 and Dvora , six , wandering the sidewalk on their own . On Sunday , a concerned citizen reportedly called authorities once again after seeing the siblings unaccompanied near a neighborhood park around a third of a mile from their home . The children were picked up by police , who say they followed protocol by turning them over to CPS . Meanwhile , Mrs Meitiv tells Fox 5 DC that CPS workers left her and her husband to panic for hours before letting them know their kids were safe . Picked up AGAIN : The Meitivs say they were left to panic for hours by CPS workers after their children -- who they raise with a so-called ` free-range ' approach -- were picked up by police for the second time in two months while walking down the street alone . Taught a lesson ? The Meitivs say their kids Dvora and Rafi went missing starting around 6 pm . They were not reunited with them until 10:30 . What 's more , the elder child , Rafi , insists the scariest part of the hours-long ordeal was being picked up by police . ` They kept the kids for hours , ' a shaken Danielle Meitiv told Fox 5 after being reunited with them . ` It 's 10:30 at night . They 've been missing since 6 o'clock ... Somebody called 911 and the police called CPS and they decided to bring the kids here and they did n't call us . ' According to Mrs. Meitiv , the children were expected home no later than 6:30 . When 6:30 came and went , they became frantic . They would not receive a call from CPS until 8 pm . Even then , they say they were n't reunited with their children or even told where they were for hours . in the interim , Rafi tells Fox 5 that initially he believed the responding police officer was simply offering them a lift . Rafi said : . ` The policeman said `` We 'll give you a ride home '' when we were like two blocks away . And two and a half hours later , after sitting in the car two and a half hours , he said `` I 'll bring you home '' and , instead , he brought us here . ' ` Besides the policeman pulling up ... no ' : Asked if he was scared during the hours-long ordeal Sunday , 10-year-old Rafi admitted he was , but not because he 'd been left alone with his sister . Seized : Officials seized six-year-old Dvora -LRB- left , far left -RRB- and 10-year-old Rafi -LRB- left , blue hat -RRB- on Sunday in a Maryland park . Their parents Danielle and Alexander Meitiv are pictured , right , going to confront CPS officials . Free-range parenting is the name given to a style of raising kids in opposition to so-called ` helicopter parenting ' . ` Helicopter parents ' are named for their habit of hovering over their offspring , micro-managing their lives in an attempt to keep them safe . However critics believe this creates under-confident , over-reliant children , while also causing the parents stress . Free-range parents advocate a more hands-off approach , where children are allowed to go out and experience the world on their own . Instead of constantly monitoring activities to make sure children are safe , the emphasis is put on adults assessing risk ahead of time , and equipping children with the skills to deal with danger themselves . ` Here ' was Child Protective Services , Rafi said . And as he and his sister sat waiting to go home , their parents say ` upper management ' at CPS was involved in keeping that from happening . Only at 10:30 pm did Mrs. Meitiv say she was reunited with her children and only after promising not to let them off the leash . ` They made us sign a safety plan that says we will not leave them attended at all until they follow up , . ` And I 'm not gon na risk my kids being snatched again like this by CPS . ' When questioned , the Meitivs say they believe in a so-called ` free-range ' approach to parenting , which encourages independence from infancy . In March , the CPS found the couple guilty of neglect for letting the children walk home from school alone . It meant the agency would start a file on the family 's activities and whereabouts for at least five years . The Meitivs hit back at the ruling , insisting they would continue to bring up their own children as they see fit - whatever the consequences . Unsubstantiated child neglect is not a criminal charge , but is in most cases a prelude to such charges . It usually comes when the CPS has deemed parents to have neglected their children , but has insufficient information or witnesses to press charges or take action . Parenting style : The Meitivs believe in giving children an unusual amount of independence from a young age . This seemingly arbitrary ability to place a family under investigation and rule against them has left the Meitivs , who both work as scientists , furious . In March , Danielle Meitiv told the Washington Post they were planning to appeal the decision . ` We do n't feel it was appropriate for an investigation to start , much less conclude that we are responsible for some form of child neglect , ' she told the Post . ` What will happen next time ? ' she said . ` We do n't know if we will get caught in this Kafkaesque loop again . ' On December 20 , police in Silver Spring picked up Rafi and Dvora walking home on a Saturday afternoon from the park after a member of the public reported it . The Meitivs told police they often let their children walk on their own and that the kids knew the area well . The CPS sent the Meitivs a letter on February 20 informing them their investigation had been closed and told the Washington Post they would not be commenting on the process . Outraged , Danielle Meitiv said she does not see why it is wrong to give her children independence . ` We 're just doing what our parents did . It was considered perfectly normal just one generation ago , ' she said on Today in January . Guarantees : As part of their free-range parenting philosophy , the Meitivs make sure their children carry these badges in case someone worries and asks while they are out on the street . Defiant : Danielle and Alexander have said that they will continue to bring up their children as they see fit . Meitiv admits that the walk back from the park was longer than her two kids had taken before , but says she was n't worried because they have been on several shorter walks together with no issues . ` Well I 've walked home from school before . Not with my sister , but I 've done it alone , ' 10-year-old Rafi said . ` We walked around the block a lot and we walk home from another park which is just around the block . The Meitivs describe themselves as ` free-range parents ' who encourage their two children to take journeys without supervision in order to build confidence and teach them about the outside world . Both parents are highly educated . Alexander Meitiv is a Research Fellow at National Institutes of Health and Danielle is an Oceanographer . Usually they have the kids carry around a card that reads ` I 'm not lost . I 'm a free range kid ' but they left them behind that day when they went to the park that was a bit further away from their house . Asked what the CPS would do the next time they are called , they said they would simply follow procedure . What 's wrong ? Danielle Meitiv -LRB- right -RRB- appeared on the Today show in January with her 10-year-old son Rafi -LRB- center -RRB- and 6-year-old daughter Dvora about a month after Child Protective Services launched an investigation because she let the two walk home from a park alone . Parenting choice : Mrs Meitiv -LRB- pictured -RRB- says she and husband Alexander often let their children Rafi , 10 , and Dvora , 6 , walk alone to teach them about the world . ` If we get a call from law enforcement or from a citizen , we are required to investigate . Our goal is the safety of children , always , ' said Paula Tolson , spokeswoman for the Maryland Department of Human Resources to the Washington Post . The free range parenting trend was first popularized in 2008 by New York journalist Lenore Skenazy , in a piece entitled Why I Let My 9-Year-Old Ride the Subway Alone . She was railing against helicopter parenting and speaking to the Washington Post said that she was appalled by the ruling against the Meitivs . ` The go-to narrative in the last 20 or 30 years for parents was , `` Take your eyes off your kid for even a second and he 'll be snatched . '' What the Meitiv case did was pivot the story to : `` Give your kid one second of freedom and the government will arrest you . '' ' Speaking about her horror at the decision , Danielle Meitiv said she turned to her husband and felt humiliated . ` I was kind of horrified , ' she said . ` You try as a parent to do what 's right . Parents try so hard . Even though I know they are wrong , it 's a painful judgment . ' Journey : On December 20 , the brother and sister were walking about a mile home from this park when a citizen called 911 after seeing the two without their parents .