A middle-aged punk who fled Britain with her 10-year-old son to join Islamic State extremists is believed to have been filmed leading women fighters in a hate-filled chanting session in Syria . Sally Jones , 45 , who once played in a female punk band , ran away from her home in Chatham , Kent , to wage jihad with her toyboy husband in Raqqa , Syria , the terror group 's de facto capital . A video has now emerged which appears to show the mother-of-two leading members of the al-Khanssaa Brigade - the all-women contingent set up by ISIS - in a series of chants expressing the fighters ' commitment to jihad . Scroll down for video . In charge : Sally Jones , 45 , a former punk rocker who fled the UK to join ISIS militants , is believed to have been filmed leading an all-women brigade of terrorists in a hate-filled chanting session in Syria . Leader : The mother-of-two , who slipped into Syria at the end of 2013 with her 10-year-old son , is seen punching her hand in the air and shouting Arabic chants , which are then echoed by her fellow militants . Experts say the slicky-edited video is the first ` real evidence ' which shows Jones - who is believed to have set up home in Raqqa with her toyboy husband - is involved with the brigade at a ` high level ' Experts say the slicky-edited video is the first ` real evidence ' which shows Jones is involved with the brigade at a ` high level ' . In the footage , a woman thought to be Jones is seen leading the female militia as they march single-file along a dusty road , waving their AK-47s in the air . The terrorists then gather in a group , shouting ` jihad ' in chilling unison as they continue to thrust their weapons skywards . The three-minute footage also shows some of the fighters practising their shooting techniques , firing their guns in quick succession out of the camera 's view . The footage then cuts to a woman , believed to be Jones , who is seen shouting furiously in Arabic , while punching her hand in the air . Surrounding her in a semi-circle , her fellow terrorists echo her sickening cries . Although the woman is dressed in traditional Islamic dress , which covers her distinctive blonde hair , experts are now comparing the footage to images of Jones to verify whether it is the same person . In the footage , a woman thought to be the former lead guitarist is seen leading the female militia as they march single-file along a dusty road , waving their AK-47s in the air . The three-minute footage also shows some of the fighters practising their shooting techniques , firing their guns in quick succession out of the camera 's view . A security source told the Daily Mirror : ` Her public statements cause great concern and are being taken incredibly seriously . The threat she poses to our security should not be underestimated . ' The Muslim convert , who was once an aspiring rock musician , is thought to have sneaked into Syria at the end of 2013 after an online romance with Junaid Hussain , 20 . She fled the UK with her son Jojo , who she now calls Hamza , while her 18-year-old son was left behind . Since then , Jones has posted a series of chilling threats on social networking sites . She also posed for photos with an AK-47 , while dressed in black with her face veiled . The mother-of-two , who lives on benefits while in the UK , was the lead guitarist in an all-girl rock band called Krunch during the early 1990s . The band played a series of gigs in the South East . Jones 's family has previously said they are deeply shocked by the musician 's conversion to radical Islam . The former lead guitarist - who spent a lifetime on state benefits while living in the UK - also ranted online about how she wanted to behead Christians with a ` blunt knife ' . Using the pseudonym Umm Hussain al-Britani , she also abused Jews and praised Osama bin Laden . Her family has previously said they are deeply shocked by her conversion to radical Islam . In the early 1990s she was the lead guitarist in an all-girl rock band called Krunch who played a series of gigs in the South East . She has previously posted a series of chilling threats on social networking sites and posed for photos with an AK-47 , while dressed in black with her face veiled . A clip of one of her performances posted online shows her with a shock of blonde hair and wearing a leather mini-skirt . Meanwhile , Jones 's husband Hussain is the leader of a computer hacking group known as Team Poison . He fled Britain while on police bail suspected of violent disorder in Birmingham . He was also jailed for six months in 2012 for stealing sensitive information from an aide of Tony Blair and blocking a government anti-terrorist hotline with prank calls . Hussain travelled to the warzone with Abdel-Majed Abdel Bary , 24 , a former rapper dubbed the ` hip hop jihadi ' . Both men now fight for IS and are suspects in the killing of Mr Foley .