It is probably the most unpleasant experiment you will read about today : what happens when your skin starts to tear . Researchers have uncovered the reason why skin is so difficult to tear even when put under extreme pressures , by cutting samples of real skin and attempting to pull them apart . They found that rather than simply tearing , mammalian skin actually has sophisticated stress resistance properties that prevent holes and cuts from expanding . The researchers cut real skin samples and then attempted to rip them by pulling them apart -LRB- shown above -RRB- . Using X-ray beams they were able to directly observe the microscopic changes that take place in skin to help it resist tearing during their stomach churning experiments . They discovered that the curly fibers of collagen that make up dermis of the skin straighten and stretch in response to a tear to share the load and prevent further damage . Scientists at Gillette have spent nine years studying how to get the perfect shave . Their work has shown why washing the skin is so vital and why you should never , ever tap your razor on the sink , and also settles the debate about whether you should go with , or against the grain . Here are their main findings : . Before the shave , hydrate the hair by washing the skin with a gentle cleanser : This softens the hair and significantly reduces the force needed to cut it . Apply plenty of shave gel : This provides a protective anti-friction layer and improves razor glide for a smoother , more comfortable shave . Shave with a multi-blade razor using light strokes : Gillette said the razor should do the work , not the person shaving . Change direction : Begin by shaving with the grain of the hair before switching and going against this grain . Make sure blades are not old or dull : The lifespan of razors can vary depending on how often they are used and how hard . As a general rule if the razor begins to drag or does n't cut as closely as before , replace the blades . Use aftershave : This can be any product containing moisturiser to rehydrate and comfort the skin . Many aftershaves contain alcohol that acts as an astringent to sterilise the skin and provide a barrier against infection . The findings help to explain why the thin layer of cells that cover our bodies is able to provide such an effective barrier to the outside world . Scientists behind the research also hope their findings could eventually lead to stronger new materials that do not easily tear that could be used in aircraft , for example . Professor Robert Ritchie , a materials scientist at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory in Berkeley , California , who was one of the co-authors of the research , said : ` Our study is the first to model and directly observe in real time the micro-scale behavior of the collagen fibrils associated with the skin 's remarkable tear resistance . ` Collagen fibrils and fibers rotate , straighten , stretch and slide to carry load and reduce the stresses at the tip of any tear in the skin . ` The movement of the collagen acts to effectively diminish stress concentrations associated with any hole , notch or tear . ' To conduct the experiment the researchers used the skin taken from dead rabbits , carefully removed the hair and placed it in equipment designed to pull the skin apart . They then cut a small notch or hole in the skin and watched how it changed shape as the skin was stretched in a way intended to cause the tear to increase . However , rather than getting bigger as the skin tore , the notches simply yawned open . The researchers , whose work is published in the journal Nature Communications , then used the x-ray beams produced by the Advanced Light Source at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory , to study the structural changes that took place in the skin . They found the collagen in the dermis , the thickest of the three main layers that make up skin , changed its alignment at the edge of the tear . The collagen , which is normally in a disordered tangle , straightened and began to slide against each other to absorb the stress and provide extra strength . The researchers found the collagen in the skin dermis changes from being a disordered tangle -LRB- shown left -RRB- to line up in straight parallel rows -LRB- shown right -RRB- when skin is damaged to provide strength and tear resistance . Dr Marc Meyers , a materials scientist at the University of California San Diego who also took part in the research , said : ` Straightening and stretching allow the uptake of strain without much stress increase , and sliding allows more energy dissipation during inelastic deformation . ` This reorganization of the fibrils is responsible for blunting the stress at the tips of tears and notches . ' Research on skin 's mechanical properties dates back nearly 200 years , when physicians began examining stab wounds . The graphic above shows what happens to a notch in skin when it is stretched -LRB- left -RRB- compared to bone -LRB- right -RRB- . Unlike bone and teeth , which are also made of collagen fibres but tear and crack when under stress , the collagen in the skin appears to change its structure when placed under stress . The researchers behind the latest study are working with the US Air Force Office of Scientific Research . Professor Ritchie added : ` Natural inspiration is a powerful motivation to develop new synthetic materials with unique properties . ` For example , the mechanistic understanding we 've identified in skin could be applied to the improvement of artificial skin , or to the development of thin film polymers for applications such as flexible electronics . '