A man has been arrested after crashing through two fences and sprinting from police onto a runway during an eight-minute chase at a Utah airport . The events unfolded during a routine traffic stop after airport police tried to stop the car with its bumper dragging . The chase then started on a public road near Salt Lake City International Airport on Monday at 3 am . Leo Greene , 39 , of Salt Lake City was asked to hand over the keys to his car by police when he drove off , crashed through the fence lines and onto the tarmac area before crashing into another fence . Leo Greene , 39 , of Salt Lake City has been arrested after crashing through two fences and sprinting from police onto a runway at the Salt Lake City International Airport on Monday at 3 am . He was arrested and now faces multiple charges including driving under the influence , fleeing and resisting arrest . Greene is also being booked for property damage and driving onto the loading area of an airport , as well as driving with an open container and on a license revoked for an alcohol-related offense . On Monday morning , Leo told police he was looking for a place to change a flat tire , according to a police report . When they asked for his keys , he drove off and crashed into the two fences . Greene then jumped out of the car and ran to a shed before he was forced to the ground and arrested . Salt Lake City International Airport officials said no flights or passengers were affected because there was not airfield activity at the time . The fence damages are estimated at $ 4,500 . ` It does n't sound very nefarious , ' said Dave Korzep , the airport 's superintendent of operations . Greene faces multiple charges including driving under the influence , fleeing and resisting arrest . He is also being booked for property damage and driving into the loading area of an airport with an open container and on a license revoked for an alcohol-related offense -LRB- above northwest tarmac area of the airport -RRB- . ` Just a lack of common sense , driving under the influence , making wrong choices . ' Officials said Greene suffered minor injuries during the foot chase and was taken to a hospital . An Associated Press investigation this month found eight other security perimeter breaches at the airport in the last decade . None of the 268 security breaches at 31 major U.S. airports between January 2004 and January 2015 that were documented by the AP were terrorism-related . Airports also say breaches are relatively rare , although intoxicated drivers crashing through barriers is not uncommon . The AP sought comment on the charges from Greene , but he was still in police custody . It was not immediately clear whether he had an attorney .