Two of England 's most ambitious and well-resourced academies go head-to-head on Monday night as Manchester City play Chelsea in the first leg of the FA Youth Cup final . Both teams are packed with talented players eager to make an impression in front of the TV cameras and stake their claim for first-team involvement in the seasons to come . Ahead of the match at City 's Academy Stadium we tell you everything you need to know . Dominic Solanke -LRB- second right -RRB- scores for Chelsea against Shakhtar Donetsk in the UEFA Youth League final . WHAT 'S THE OCCASION ? It 's the first leg of the FA Youth Cup final and it 'll take place at City 's 7,200-capacity Academy Stadium , in the shadow of the main Etihad Stadium and part of their £ 200m Etihad Campus that opened last year . The match kicks off at 7.45 pm and will be shown live on ITV4 . The second leg takes place next Monday at Stamford Bridge . HOW DID THE TEAMS GET THERE ? City started their campaign with a 2-0 win over Oxford United in the third round just before Christmas , with goals from Marcus Wood and Bersant Celina sealing a comfortable win . Jason Wilcox 's team really had their shooting boots on in the fourth round , thrashing Coventry City 8-2 . Brandon Barker was the star with three of them , while Thierry Ambrose -LRB- 2 -RRB- , Pablo Maffeo , Javairo Dilrosun and Denzeil Boadu also cashed in . Man City 's Thierry Ambrose -LRB- centre -RRB- scores his second goal during the 8-2 victory over Coventry . Manchester City 's Isaac Buckley Ricketts -LRB- left -RRB- celebrates scoring during the semi-final against Leicester . It was n't as straightforward in the next round , with a solitary Celina strike beating Stoke City , but City were back to their free-scoring best in beating Crewe Alexandra 6-1 in the last eight . Having fallen behind early on , City stormed back to win thanks to goals from Aaron Nemane , Barker -LRB- 2 -RRB- , Boadu , Celina and Ambrose . That set up a two-legged semi-final with Leicester City and they were very keen to get the job done , winning the home first leg 3-0 . Nemane -LRB- 2 -RRB- and Boadu continued their scoring form . The second leg at the King Power Stadium was a formality and , having fallen behind to a second-half penalty , two goals in stoppage time from Isaac Buckley and Barker sealed a 5-1 aggregate win . Chelsea started their campaign at the beginning of December and were drawn away to Leeds United . An Izzy Brown penalty and a late second from Dominic Solanke got the Blues Youth Cup defence underway . Huddersfield Town were beaten 6-1 in the fourth round , with England under 18 star Solanke scoring a hat-trick . Tammy Abraham grabbed two and Kasey Palmer rounded off an emphatic win . And Joe Edwards ' team went goal crazy again in the fifth round , beating Swansea 6-0 . This time it was Abraham scoring a treble and Solanke adding two . Palmer also got on the scoresheet . A tough trip to Newcastle United followed but the Blues finally prevailed in extra time with Brown , Solanke and Abraham on the scoresheet in a 3-0 win at St James ' Park . That set up a tasty semi-final tie with Tottenham and all seemed lost when Spurs took a 2-0 lead from the first leg at White Hart Lane . Chelsea were to fall further behind in the second leg at Stamford Bridge but mounted an extraordinary fightback . Izzy Brown -LRB- centre -RRB- scores for Cheslea against Tottenham as they staged a thrilling comeback last month . Goals from Solanke and Brown gave them hope before the break , before two in two minutes from Solanke and Charlie Colkett just after turned the game on its head . A Colkett penalty then put daylight between the teams as Chelsea won a thrilling tie 5-4 on aggregate . YOUTH CUP PEDIGREE . Manchester City have twice lifted the FA Youth Cup - in 1986 and 2008 . The last of those saw them defeat Chelsea 3-1 at the Etihad after a 1-1 draw in London . Slovakian Vladimir Weiss was the star performer . He went on to make just five first-team appearances for City and now plays , aged 25 , for Lekhwiya in the Qatari Stars League . Chelsea have made the competition their own in recent years and this is their fifth final in six seasons . Their wins in 2010 , 2012 and 2014 added to earlier successes in 1960 and 1961 . WHAT ARE THEY SAYING ? City coach Jason Wilcox : ` Our job is to recruit local lads . If we can get a group of Manchester-born lads into the first team then that 's the ideal scenario . To do that is going to be really difficult but that 's the challenge . We do n't want local lads playing for Tottenham , Arsenal or Chelsea . It 's up to us to make sure that , via the scouting , we have at least the opportunity of showing them our programme . I 'm convinced once they see us it 's very difficult to walk away from . ' Chelsea coach Joe Edwards : ` Winning breeds confidence so to have a group of players coming back for this game who were crowned European champions last week -LSB- when the Under-19s won the UEFA Youth League -RSB- is a massive plus for us . Once you get a taste of winning , you want that feeling again and again . ' PLAYERS TO WATCH . MANCHESTER CITY . Brandon Barker - speedy winger who has been on the books at City 's academy since the age of eight . The Manchester-born teenager made a positive impression with 13 goals for the under 18s last season and has since progressed into Patrick Vieira 's Elite Development Squad . Has scored six time on the Youth Cup run and is an England under 19 international . Brandon Barker is an England Under 19 international and scored 13 goals for City 's under 18s last season . Thierry Ambrose - capable of playing anywhere across the forward line , Ambrose was signed from Auxerre 's youth teams in 2013 . Impressed in his first season with the under 18s , scoring 22 goals in 32 matches , enough to earn the Parisian a place in the EDS team . Has scored three times during City 's Youth Cup run . Ambrose -LRB- centre -RRB- scored 22 goals in 32 matches for City 's under 18s after signing from Auxerre . Aaron Nemane - another who has scored three times during the Youth Cup run . Right winger Nemane made his debut for the City under 18 side at just 14 and made quite an impact by scoring twice . Has played mainly in the under 18 team but did travel to Croatia with the EDS squad last pre-season . Aaron Nemane -LRB- right -RRB- made his debut for Manchester City 's under 18 side aged just 14 . CHELSEA . Dominic Solanke - enjoying an extraordinary season and hoping to win the Youth Cup for the second successive season having scored two goals in the last five minutes to sink Fulham last year . With 34 goals for Chelsea this season , he inspired them to UEFA Youth League success a week ago having scored in every round . Should he score in the final , he will also have scored in each round of the Youth Cup . England under 18 international . Solanke -LRB- left -RRB- has been in prolific form for Chelsea both at home and abroad this season . Jay Dasilva - earned rave reviews for his performances in the Youth League , with Ian Wright suggesting he was already better than any left-back in the Premier League . Still only 16 , his mature performance have seen him already established in the under 21 team . Jay Dasilva has impressed for Chelsea at left-back and is a regular for the Under 21 team . Charlie Colkett - captain of the side and an important figure in the Chelsea midfield . Will set the tempo and drive the team forward with direct runs and intelligent passes . Very impressive all season , especially on the continental stage . Charle Colkett -LRB- right -RRB- is captain of Chelsea 's youth cup side and has impressed all season .