Sergio Aguero says the experience of scoring in a Manchester derby is unparalleled . The Argentine has scored six goals in derby meetings with United and is planning on adding to that tally when the two sides meet at Old Trafford on Sunday . ` I always love to score , but of course it is even more special to score in the big games , ' he said . Sergio Aguero smashes the ball against the post during Manchester City 's defeat by Crystal Palace . Aguero says scoring against Manchester United is enough to give him shivers . The Argentine forward has scored six times against United , including this one at the Etihad in September 2013 . ` If you score against United at Old Trafford it almost give you shivers , because you can feel the tense atmosphere with most of the stadium being really quiet , but the away end going crazy . ` At home it is different , when the City supporters are really loud in these games , it sometimes gives me goose bumps when they sing my name . ' The Argentine forward has hailed fellow South American Radamel Falcao ahead of the derby . ` They -LRB- Manchester United -RRB- have a number of very talented strikers . The one who in his career has been the most predatory is Falcao . ` He is n't having an easy time this season , but I really admire his commitment and his class and qualities are permanent . Aguero believes United striker Radamel Falcao -LRB- right -RRB- is one of the most gifted players in world football . Aguero came face-to-face with Falcao at Puma event on Thursday . ` He is probably one of the most naturally gifted strikers in football at the moment . ' Meanwhile , Aguero is refusing to give up hope of retaining the Premier League crown this season despite slipping to fourth , nine points behind leaders Chelsea . ` Of course we can still win the title , ' he insisted . ` In football , anything can happen - as soon as you think something is certain , then everything changes , we have seen it so many times before and we 'll see it again . ` We only focus on ourselves , try to win every game we play and keep pressure on Chelsea . ' Aguero was speaking at the #HeadtoHead event for Puma 's ` evoSPEED 1.3 ' where he appeared alongside United 's Radamel Falcao .