Friends of a British backpacker who drowned during a diving trip on the Great Barrier Reef claim staff deleted photos that were taken shortly before the doomed young woman left the boat . Bethany Farrell , 23 , from Essex , died on February 17 while in Queensland 's Whitsundays , a week into her dream gap-year when she went scuba diving for the first time . Two people who were on the boat when Ms Farrell died have taken to TripAdvisor to slam Wings Diving Adventures for the way they handled the tragic circumstances . While one of the reviews criticises the way people on the boat were treated amid the panic , a friend makes the shocking claim that photos of the backpacker shortly before she died were deleted . The backpacker 's father is devastated that picture evidence , which may have been able to explain some of the mystery behind the drowning , was discarded before police could see it . British backpacker Bethany Farrell , 23 , died on February 17 while scuba diving in Queensland 's Whitsundays . ` There is no excuse , ' Bethany 's father Patrick Farrell , 47 , told the Courier Mail . ` Grave mistakes have been made . Ultimately her life was in their hands . Now she 's dead . ' Ms Farrell drowned on her first ever scuba dive after she became separated from her instructor while swimming on the Great Barrier Reef , a week after beginning her gap year . She was found 11 metres down on the seabed in Blue Pearl Bay , a beauty spot popular with divers . A post mortem determined the cause of death was drowning . Last week a number of reviews from distressed fellow travellers - who were on the charter when Ms Farrell died - emerged , slamming the tour guides ' handling of the situation and claiming photographs were deliberately deleted . ` What was supposed to be a dream trip turned into the worst possible nightmare , ' one user wrote . The same traveller claimed the crew had taken photographs of Ms Farrell with others before the dive , but when they contacted Wings Diving Adventure to try and get hold of the images they had been deleted . Scathing reviews have been posted to TripAdvisor slamming the Wings Diving Adventures charter boat operators and claiming they deleted photographs of Ms Farrell . The young woman was just one week into gap year in Australia when she tragically drowned . Ms Farrell was on her first scuba diving trip when she tragically drowned near Blue Pearl Bay -LRB- pictured -RRB- . ` We got in contact with wings solely because they had pictures their staff had taken of the three of us before the dive . Wings deleted these pictures to make way for pictures of their next trip ... . despite the likelihood of the police wanting those pictures as evidence , ' the review also read . ` Wings have made no effort in contacting our friend 's family to express their condolences , we feel they are an absolute disgrace . ' Another diver also on the same boat made similar claims , saying the people on the boat were left without any information for a number of hours after the incident which claimed Ms Farrell 's life . ` The girl who had the accident was found dead , and what 's worst is that I now know that they deleted all of the pictures that had been taken on the boat before they could give it to the girl 's family or police , ' another review claimed . ` This is destruction of evidence , and I want to make sure that Wings does not get away with this , ' the traveller continued . This report was written by a distressed woman who was on the boat when Ms Farrell drowned . Wings refused to comment when contacted by Daily Mail Australia . Ms Farrell -LRB- not pictured -RRB- was found 11 metres down on the seabed in Blue Pearl Bay in the Whitsundays . When contacted by Daily Mail Australia , Wings Diving Adventures declined to comment on the incident , or whether any photographs had been deleted . Queensland police said they could not comment on specific elements of the investigation . Ms Farrell 's father said he was not going on a ` witch hunt ' but was desperate to get the truth about his daughter 's death and the photographs . ` I do n't want to go on a witch hunt . But this will go to an inquest . We 're heartbroken and will do anything to get to the truth , ' he told the Courier Mail . The former soldier , who lives in Colchester , Essex , last spoke to his daughter on Skype two days before her death . Mr Farrell , who is divorced from Miss Farrell 's mother Caron , said at the time : ` The instructor had three students , one of them was Bethany . One of the students decided she did not want to dive but we have not got the exact reasons why , so she remained on the boat which left the instructor , Bethany and one of her friends . ` At some point , the diving instructor lost sight of Bethany , then realised he could not locate her , returned the other student to the surface , sought help and went back down , presumably with some other people to help . ` They found Bethany dead 11 metres down . They were meant to be diving to a depth of 5 metres . ' The family has been told it could be months before the events leading up to Miss Farrell 's death are fully understood . Ms Farrell , who studied English literature and media at Southampton Solent University , had been in Australia for a week and met up with some friends who were already there . She had been planning to work in the country for a year and posted a series of images to her account on photosharing website Instagram in the days before her death on February 17 . The case is still being investigated by Queensland Police , who will hand a report over to the coroner .