Presidents , kings and dukes will gather in Los Angeles this weekend to represent their great nations , but you 've probably never heard of them . The leaders of places with names like Molossia , Westarctica , Vikesland and Broslavia are coming together at the Anaheim Central Library for MicroCon 2015 , which has been dubbed the first North American gathering of micronations . These self-proclaimed countries print their own stamps , wave their own flags and mint their own money . Many have also created sashes and pendants for their royalty . But most of their citizens have a population of less than 10 . Many do n't even live on the land at all . Scroll down for video . Molossia , population five , is just one of the small , self-proclaimed micronations that will be represented at MicroCon 2015 in Los Angeles this weekend . MicroCon 2015 was organized by Kevin Baugh , who is the President of the Republic of Molossia . Molossia can be found in Reno , Nevada . At 1.3 acres , the country is the size of a football field . Only Baugh and his wife and children live in Molossia , although it has 27 citizens , as well as its own passports , railroad , phone system , bank , post office and general store . Baugh himself will give you a personal tour of the country , as long as you call ahead . Travis McHenry , the Grand Duke of Westarctica , posing in his uniform . McHenry will be giving a talk at MicroCon 2015 called ` Micronations that matter ' , to encourage more micronations to become nonprofits . ` When you come to visit you see as much as possible a functioning nation , ' said Baugh . But Baugh knows there are some things he wo n't be able change , even if he is the president of his own great nation . ` Can I lower the drinking age ? Well no , I ca n't , ' he said . ` Come on , let 's get real . ' ` We all want to think we have our own country , but you know the U.S. is a lot bigger . ' The Grand Duchy of Broslavia has realized the same limitations , but with its military . Founded in Albuquerque by Grand Duke Jacob Felts , whose name inspired the nation 's capital of Feltasia , Broslavia has only five citizens - but its own volunteer military . But instead of guns , the military is armed with cardboard copies of AK-47s . They fire rubber bands . Broslavia claims to have recently expanded its territory by annexing planet Pluto . Travis McHenry , the grand duke of Westartica , will also be in attendance at MicroCon 2015 . Westarctica is a much larger nation than Molossia , with more than 620,000 square miles in Antarctica to its name . None of the nation 's 300 citizens live on the frozen land . No one does . McHenry , also a recruiting coordinator in a Los Angeles media company , said he was ` really inspired ' when he found out there was a piece of Antarctica that had never been claimed . But Westarctica is not just an empty country . It 's also a nonprofit , advocating for the protection of native penguins and researching how climate change is impacting Antarctica 's ice sheet . McHenry will give a talk at MicroCon 2015 called ` Micronations that matter , ' which he hopes will encourage other leaders to use their countries for a good cause . ` It 's just sort of encouraging other micronations to become nonprofits , ' he said . ` So they 're actually doing something rather than just walking around wearing fancy capes . ' His Imperial Majesty George II of the Empire of Atlantium -LRB- left -RRB- , Prince Paul Delprat of the Principality of Wy , -LRB- center -RRB- and his princess Susan chat during Australia 's first conference of micronation leaders in 2010 . The Republic of Molossia . Founded by Baugh and a buddy as teenagers in 1977 , it existed mainly in Baugh 's bedroom until he bought 1.3 acres of property in Northern Nevada in 1998 and built a railroad and private phone company . Molossia pays taxes to the United States but likes to think of that as foreign aid . Its creation was inspired by the Peter Sellers comedy `` The Mouse That Roared , '' about a small nation that declares war on the United States so it can receive foreign aid after it loses . Grand Duchy of Westarctica . One of the world 's largest micronations , it encompasses 620,000 square miles of the Antarctic , but nobody actually lives there . It was founded in 2001 by His Royal Highness Grand Duke Travis McHenry after he learned no other nation had laid claim to the area . McHenry says he would like to eventually make Westarctica a real country . If he does , he jokes that he 'll probably promote himself from grand duke to king . The Kingdom of Vikesland . Located adjacent to picturesque Riding Mountain National Park in Manitoba , Canada , it was founded in 2005 by Christopher Barry Joseph Beyette , a TV newsman who prefers to be called King Christopher I . The king says his fascination with micronationalism led him to create the country . He says he 'd like to eventually produce a documentary on the micronation movement . Royal Republic of Ladonia . Located on a rocky shoreline in southwest Sweden , this micronation came into being as the result of a lengthy legal battle over a gigantic pop-art sculpture made of 70 tons of driftwood . After Swedish authorities demanded that it be torn down artist Lars Vik went to court . . After vandals torched it , he built another and went back to court . In 1996 angry supporters declared the site , in a nature preserve , an independent nation . Ladonia claims to have 17,000 citizens now , although none actually live there . It is ruled by Queen Carolyn I , whose coronation took place in 2011 by the disputed sculpture . The Grand Duchy of Broslavia . Founded in 2014 in Albuquerque , it is ruled by His Majesty Grand Duke Jacob Felts and lists its capital as Feltasia . Although it has only five citizens , Broslavia claims to have a volunteer military armed with cardboard copies of AK-47s that fire rubber bands . It claims to have recently expanded its territory by annexing the dwarf planet Pluto .