The family of the seven-year-old British boy killed in the French Alps say his death has left a ` vast void in their hearts ' . Carwyn Scott-Howell was described as a ` daring , outgoing and determined ' youngster whose ` handsome smile lit up any room ' . The schoolboy was skiing with his family when he became separated from his mother and headed into dense woodland where he fell over a 164ft drop . Tragedy : Carwyn Scott-Howell -LRB- left ; right -RRB- fell to his death while on holiday with his mother Ceri , nine-year-old sister Antonia and brother Gerwyn , 19 , in the Alps . Footprints in the snow eventually led police to his body , investigators revealed last night . They also described how the boy 's mother Cari , 44 , desperately tried to find her missing son . In a moving tribute , Carwyn 's family described how he ` made life full of laughter with never a dull moment ' . ` Seven years is too short a time to be an angel in the sky , ' they added . ` Carwyn was an adorable , caring person who gave so much love . The family can not explain their feeling of utter devastation with a vast void in their hearts . ' Carwyn , from Talybont-on-Usk in Wales , was said to have been a ` very competent skier and snowboarder ' who had started skiing at the age of three . The family said they had spent ` the most happy ski holiday together ' in the resort of Flaine in the days before the tragedy stuck . They were enjoying their last run of the day when the boy 's sister Antonia , nine , lost her ski on a jump and Carwyn pressed on ahead . His mother stopped to help her daughter and continued to the bottom of the piste . But Carwyn -- who modelled himself on the TV adventurer Bear Grylls -- was nowhere to be seen . Mrs Scott-Howell returned to their hotel believing her son had made his own way back , but returned to the mountain when she found he was n't there . Pierre-Yves Michau , the judge heading the investigation , said yesterday : ` She asked everyone if they had seen him . ' It is believed Carwyn left the piste and entered woodland because he had spotted the resort through the trees . Taking off his skis , he continued on foot as he hurried to get there . Police chief Michel Ollagnon confirmed that officers had been led to the boy 's body by footprints in the snow . He said the final steps were broken up by ` sliding marks ' where Carwyn had tackled the sharper inclines on his backside . Scene : Carwyn 's family are believed to be staying in this hotel , close to the slopes where the seven-year-old died . Tragic trail : Search teams said they followed the little boy 's footprints and found his final steps broken up by ` sliding marks ' Accident : The Welsh schoolboy is believed to have got lost in the woods pictured above . Carwyn , who friends say modelled himself on survival specialist and TV presenter Bear Grylls , is believed to have taken the chance to go skiing in woodland to get back to Flaine , pictured . Mr Ollagnon said : ` We think he was attracted by the ski station that he could see below . We think he was heading for the resort . ' Police last night said Carwyn 's body is ready to be repatriated but his family remained in the Alps . Back in Wales , his friends have written in a condolence book on display at Brecon Cathedral : ` Miss you in class . Miss you at playtime . We will miss you always . ' Alongside the book is a picture of Carwyn dressed in his karate kit . At the youngster 's school in Brecon , head teacher Emyr Jones said pupils were devastated , adding : ` We are all grieving . ' He described Carwyn as a ` lively , likeable pupil who will be greatly missed ' at Ysol Y Bannau school . County councillor Liam Fitzpatrick said the community would rally behind the Scott-Howells , who are well known for their award-winning farm shop . He added : ` It 's horrendous . A tragic , tragic accident . ' Carwyn lived with his parents at their farmhouse in the village near the Brecon Beacons . He is said to have loved the mountains and helping on the farm where he had grown up . The family often attended food fairs across the country and David Cameron was pictured buying a scotch egg from the family 's stand last year . Holiday : Carwyn 's family has said ` the most happy ski holiday ' in Flaine , France , turned to tragedy after Carwyn became detached from the group on the last run of the day .