Britain 's public schools are now the very image of tradition but behind their establishment image lies a history of rebellion and revolution . The hidden story of some of the country 's most prestigious and best-known public schools - including Eton -- is one of barricades and mutinies so fierce they nearly proved the institutions ' undoing . A new book by former education journalist David Turner , The Old Boys , lays bare the little-known history . Scroll down for video . Eton 's famous wall game : The new book was inspired by David Cameron 's comparison to Flashman in Tom Brown 's School Days . Winchester College experienced six full-scale rebellion in the 18th and 19th Centuries - one over beer rations . Years of research in the schools ' archives has shed light on tales of master 's held at sword-point , mass walkouts and battles so intense they required the intervention of a militia , the Daily Telegraph reported . There are even records of one gunpowder plot . Mr Turner was inspired to write the book after hearing David Cameron , a former Eton College student , compared to the fictional bully Flashman from Tom Brown 's School Days . A student at Winchester practices fencing : Students used swords , axes and gunpowder in their rebellions . Eddie Redmayne -LRB- left -RRB- and Benedict Cumberbatch -LRB- right -RRB- both attended public school , which Mr Turner says is now entering its golden age . Turner writes that he wanted to discover whether or not public schools had plumbed the depths described in the Thomas Hughes novels . After making his discoveries he said if they have not improved , Britain is in serious trouble . From the 18th Century onwards there were a series of full-scale rebellions at the country 's public schools the new book reveals . The frequent violence and the outmoded classics-based education at the schools nearly undid them . Turner explains it was predominantly the rise of the pushy parent at the end of 19th Century which brought the institutions to heel . Now , he says , they do more good than harm in the modern era . George Orwell -LRB- left -RRB- and Ropert Walpole -LRB- right -RRB- , the first British Prime Minister , are often cited as famous examples of the success of the public school system . Walpole attended Eton during the time of unrest . Eton College as it is now : Mr Turner says in the modern era the schools do more good than harm . In fact Turner 's book places the golden age of the Public School not in the distant past , as might be expected , but in the present day , the Financial Times reports . The Old Boys , Mr Turner says , shows the private school system 's ability to adapt and evolve throughout the ages with public school educated celebrities now in the ascendance . Over a third of the UK 's gold medal winners attended fee-paying schools and Eddie Remayne and Benedict Cumberbatch of Eton and Harrow went head to head this year at the Oscars . The current Prime Minister and future King : Both David Cameron and Prince William went to Eton College . A number of modern days figures are name checked in the book including Mumford and Sons from King 's College with David Cameron providing inspiration for the text . However some individuals ' lesser known for their private school background such as UKIP party leader Nigel Farage , who attended Dulwhich College , also pop up . The old stalwarts of public school achievement also feature -- the country 's first Prime Minister Robert Walpole and the seven public schoolboys in his cabinet as well as Greorge Orwell , who also attended Eton . The Old Boys is now available to buy . Malborough College 's 1851 rebellion coincided with Guy Fawkes Night and began with an explosion . At Winchester in 1710 , scholars at mutinied over their beer rations . Just before the turn of the century , two decades earlier , students at Manchester Grammar School were supplied by local people with firearms and and food as they embarked upon a violent two-week standoff with their teachers . The disagreement began over the length of the Christmas holidays . In 1797 pupils at Rugby School took staff prisoner at sword-point and a local militia had to be raised to end the insurrection . In 1818 during the ` great rebellion ' at Winchester the school 's overall head was held hostage by boys armed with axes . In 1851 a mutiny was timed at Malborough College to coincide with Guy Fawkes Night . It began with an explosion from a barrel of gunpowder . Over the period Eton and Winchester both suffered six rebellions each with five at Rugby School .