New York and Connecticut authorities are in search of a woman accused of stealing the identity of a cancer-stricken fashion executive who lay dying in a Manhattan hospital . Surveillance cameras caught the thief taking $ 9,000 out of the account of Kate Sullivan at Chase branches in Commack and Freeport on September 23 , 2014 . State police say the female suspect then racked up $ 4,000 in bills after opening four store credit cards in Sullivan 's name in New Haven , Connecticut . Thief : Surveillance cameras caught a thief -LRB- left -RRB- taking $ 9,000 out of the account of Kate Sullivan -LRB- right -RRB- at Chase branches in Commack and Freeport on September 23 , 2014 . Sullivan , who had lung cancer , was informed of the fraud while fighting for her life at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center in New York . She died five days later . The 50-year-old had worked as a marketing executive for fashion designers Kimora Lee Simmons and Diane von Furstenberg . According to CBS New York , the suspect had Sullivan 's Social Security number and a signed copy of her driver 's license . Other documents she allegedly used were forged . Sullivan 's family was , unsurprisingly , horrified by the news . ` I was just pretty violated and felt kind of helpless standing there with my sister and then knowing that there 's some woman trying to clear out her bank account while she lays here fighting for her life , ' her sister , Sarah Sullivan , told CBS New York . State police say the female suspect then racked up $ 4,000 in bills after opening four store credit cards in Sullivan 's name in New Haven , Connecticut . The thief posed as Sullivan in Chase branches in two Long Island towns . A teller at one of the locations caught the fake documents but the suspect fled before authorities could be called . ` I just want to make sure nobody else goes through what my family 's been going through the last couple of months . ' In the weeks following Sullivan 's death , her sister discovered new store and credit card bills in Sullivan 's mail . ` I 've had to fax death certificates and affidavits to all of the creditors and fly in to meet with the police and lots of other stuff I did n't need to deal with while I 'm mourning my sister 's death , ' she said . Detectives from New Haven were scheduled to speak with a New York State Police investigator Thursday afternoon , according to city police spokesman Officer David Hartman . Detectives in the New Haven Police Department 's Financial Crimes Division were shown a picture of the suspect and none are aware of any connection to open New Haven cases at this time . The 50-year-old had worked as a marketing executive for fashion designers Kimora Lee Simmons and Diane von Furstenberg .