Flower pattern : Miriam González Durántez wore a particularly colourful ensemble to a fashion show and award gala in central London tonight . Miriam González Durántez is not one to blend into the background . She is known for her bold choices and this exotic look was no exception . The lawyer , wife of the Deputy Prime Minister and mother of three boys , wore a particularly colourful ensemble to a fashion show and award gala in central London tonight . Her bright pink , long-sleeved dress was covered in bright blooms at the LDNY fashion show and WIE -LRB- Women : Inspiration and Enterprise -RRB- award gala at Goldsmiths ' Hall celebrating inspirational women and ethical fashion . As if the flower pattern was not enough of a nod to spring , a yellow and pink corsage was pinned to her shoulder . And despite the spring blossoms across the country , this was one of fake flowers . The outfit was accompanied by a £ 560 pair of Gianvito Rossi Perspex-panelled metallic patent-leather pumps on her feet and a matching thin belt defining her waist . She was pictured tonight with the likes of model Daisy Lowe , designer Kelly Hoppen and Bafta chief executive Amanda Berry . According to The Daily Telegraph , she told an audience : ` Political advisers prefer us to stick to safer ground like kitchens and children . But I much prefer risky ground to political advisers . ' And in an article for the Huffington Post written before tonight 's event , Miss González Durántez said : ` No matter your age , your skills or your background , every woman has an inner role model and it is the duty of every woman of my generation to stand up for young girls . ' She added : ` I decided to support the WIE network -LRB- and yes , I am doing this in the middle of a General Election - and no , it is not an oversight -RRB- . ' At the service of thanksgiving for the Queen 's Diamond Jubilee in 2012 the lawyer opted for a pillar-box red dress , with a fabric corsage on the neckline - in contrast to the more sombre colours surrounding her . Scroll down for video . Meeting and greeting : Miriam González Durántez -LRB- left -RRB- and model Daisy Lowe -LRB- right -RRB- attend the LDNY show and WIE awards gala at Goldsmiths ' Hall in central London tonight . Together : Miss González Durántez -LRB- left -RRB- with designer Kelly Hoppen -LRB- centre -RRB- and Bafta chief executive Amanda Berry -LRB- right -RRB- at the event in London celebrating inspirational women and ethical fashion . Alternative angles : Her bright pink , long-sleeved dress was covered in bright blooms at the fashion show . Star Wars inspiration : Miss González Durántez -LRB- left -RRB- stands with British Fashion Council chief executive Caroline Rush -LRB- right -RRB- , who was wearing an outfit with Darth Vader 's face printed on the front . Posing : The outfit was accompanied by bronze pointy kitten heels and a matching thin belt defining her waist . Front row : Miss Rush -LRB- left -RRB- with Miss González Durántez -LRB- centre -RRB- and Frances Corner -LRB- right -RRB- , head of London College of Fashion . Miss González Durántez , 46 , has never hired a stylist - although her personal assistant will give her a once over before she steps out with journalists . In the past , she has said that she does not spend a fortune on clothes . She has been seen with a TK Maxx bargain handbag , a £ 18 pair of New Look heels and the odd Zara blouse . She has also admitted to enjoying a bid on eBay . Four days ago she was with Mr Clegg in front of the cameras for the first time on the General Election campaign trail as he continued his effort to save his Westminster seat . Also in attendance : Actress Joanna Lumley -LRB- left -RRB- and former shadow Olympics minister Tessa Jowell -LRB- right -RRB- . Other arrivals : Designer Jasmine Guinness -LRB- left -RRB- and model Oliver Cheshire -LRB- right -RRB- , the boyfriend of Pixie Lott . Models : Dolce & Gabbana 's David Gandy -LRB- left -RRB- and Miss Lowe -LRB- right -RRB- , former girlfriend of actor Matt Smith . In recent days : Nick Clegg and his wife Miriam leave Westminster Abbey after a service to mark the centenary of the Gallipoli campaign on Saturday -LRB- left -RRB- and arrive to meet party activists in Sheffield last Friday -LRB- right -RRB- . Mr Clegg , who was in Dorset and Hampshire earlier , spoke today about his education funding plans being implemented in full in any future deal - as his party issued their first formal coalition demand . The Cleggs have just celebrated their 14th wedding anniversary . And the Liberal Democrat leader still remembers what his future wife was wearing when the thunderbolt of love at hit at first sight . ` This dark green velvet thing . And you had what I thought were these quite funny sort of brogue-y shoes on , ' he told Red magazine in January .