West Ham manager Sam Allardyce says he would have no problem with sneaking through the ` back door ' into European football via the Fair Play League . The Hammers started the season strongly and looked a good bet for European qualification around Christmas before their form fell away , with a mid-table finish now all-but certain . But a reprieve could be granted by the Fair Play League , with Allardyce 's side topping the Barclays Premier League table for their good behaviour , just ahead of Burnley . If West Ham finish top of the pile and England 's top flight is within the top three ` fair-playing ' leagues in Europe -- which it was on last count - they will earn a Europa League place . Sam Allardyce 's West Ham are top of the Premier League Fair Play table , sitting just above Burnley . The Hammers have won once in their last 10 league matches and drew 1-1 against Stoke in their last match . Where do the English teams stand ? 1 . West Ham . 2 . Burnley . 3 . Liverpool . 4 . Manchester City . 5 . Southampton . Qualification via Fair Play would see the Hammers enter the competition at the first qualifying round , playing their first game on July 2 and competing in up to six games before the Premier League season even starts . But Allardyce , who takes his charges to face champions Manchester City on Sunday , just wants to qualify and does n't care how he does it , or when the season restarts . ` It 's a headache but you 've got to take the opportunity if it arises , ' he said . ` It might be seen as the back door , -LRB- but -RRB- it 's an opportunity to play in Europe . ` I think every player wants , not come back that bit earlier , but certainly to play in Europe because this club has n't been in that position to play in Europe for a long time . ' Allardyce 's Upton Park future hangs in the balance with his contract expiring in the summer and a section of fans demanding he is replaced at the end of the season , but he has already been involved in meetings concerning pre-season plans . Allardyce is out of contract at West Ham in the summer which leaves his managerial future in the balance . ` The difficulty is the fact that we do n't know when , yet , whether we 're going to finish in that spot , ' he said . ` And so we 've already planned for either . One in it and one out of it , and obviously if we 're in it we 're back earlier , a few days earlier . If we 're out of it -LRB- the Europa League -RRB- we come back on July 1 , which is one of the smallest close seasons we 've had in a long time . ` And even then international players wo n't be back on that date , either earlier or on the first of July because they wo n't be finished international duties until the middle of June . ' Aaron Cresswell -LRB- left -RRB- and Mark Noble -LRB- right -RRB- could be playing Europa League football next season . Conceding late goals in games to drop points has been a trend for West Ham of late , topped off by Mark Arnautovic 's 95th-minute equaliser for Stoke City at Upton Park on Saturday . Allardyce hopes that run of misfortune will end at the Etihad Stadium . ` It 's been a terrible thing for our results in terms of points to performances in general , ' he said . ` We 've got to make sure that we focus and if we 're in that position again -LRB- leading late on -RRB- , do n't show the type of nerves we showed last week . ` I think we got exceedingly nervous in the last few minutes and made basic mistakes which kept allowing a bit of pressure and Stoke took advantage of it . '