A girl whose mother reached out on social media to find a movie goer offended by her daughters behavior has apologized to her victim on national television . Lexy Wood , the 13-year-old daughter of Kyesha Smith Wood , told Rebecca Boyd that she is 'em barrassed ' by the way she acted when she disrupted a screening of Cinderella in Bessemer , Alabama . She and her step-sister were said to have been ` rude and obnoxious ' throughout the film . She and her brother Nick , 16 , were approached after the screening by Mrs Boyd , who said that her husband had just been laid off and the teenagers had ruined the last time she would be taking her daughter to the movies for a while . Mrs Wood , 36 , was mortified when she heard about the encounter from her son and said ` It was a hard pill to swallow , but I knew they were n't raised that way ' Scroll down for video . Lexy Wood , 13 -LRB- back left -RRB- , has apologized to Rebecca Boyd -LRB- right -RRB- after her mother posted a message on Facebook . Above , Nick , 16 -LRB- back center -RRB- and Ashley -LRB- front center -RRB- join them on television . Boyd said that the apology and aftermath of the encounter ` reminded me that there are still good people in the world ' The mother , who was watching Cinderella with her daughter Ashley , confronted the 13-year-old outside of the movie theater and told her that her husband had just been laid off -LRB- reenactment -RRB- . The story gained national attention after Mrs Wood turned to social media to try and find the woman and apologize to her for her daughter 's behavior and pay for her next trip out of her children 's allowance . Mrs Wood and Mrs Boyd ended up meeting at the end of March and now share a bond , they say . ` It was old fashioned parenting that we were both using . You approach kids that are acting up and you -LSB- ask them to -RSB- apologize , ' viewers will hear Mrs Wood say when they tune in to Inside Edition . Lexy now says that she ` did n't realize how loud we were really being ' and apologized in person to Mrs Boyd . The offended mother says that the aftermath of the counter and apology has ` reminded me that there are still good people in the world ' . Mrs Wood 's post was shared by thousands of people , prompting Mrs Boyd to write her a message . Since that message was uploaded , her husband has received job offers and others have offered to fund the next visit . Both families have had dinner together and Mrs Boyd has also received money for movie tickets and snacks from the Woods . Kyesha Smith Wood -LRB- pictured with her husband Damond -RRB- called out her ` disprectful ' children on Facebook after she found out they were rude to a mother . She wrote this lengthy Facebook post in a bid to track the mother down , and it was subsequently shared thousands of times . The post was shared by thousands of people , prompting the mother in question , Mrs Boyd , to write her a message . Since news of them finding each other spread , her husband has received job offers and others have offered to fund their trips to the movies . Mrs Wood told AL.com she was ` devastated and ashamed ' after learning of the way her girls behaved after Boy tried to correct their behavior . The lengthy Facebook post read : ` This is a long shot , but I 'm looking for a woman that was at Tannehill Premier tonight seeing Cinderella at 7 pm . I dropped my teenage daughter , step daughter , and son off at the movie . ` My son later told me , much to my humiliation and embarrassment , that my girls were rude and obnoxious during the movie . The woman I 'm looking for addressed them and asked them to be quiet and they were disrespectful . Rebecca Boyd -LRB- left and right -RRB- got in touch with Wood and said she was ` touched ' by how she cared about her children 's behavior . Her husband has also received job offers following the publicity . Despite all the attention Wood -LRB- left -RRB- insists the ` real hero ' in the situation is Boyd , who she calls a ` great mom ' ` I can assure you that these girls are being strongly dealt with and appropriately punished . This rude , disrespectful , and awful behavior is unacceptable and they owe you an apology . ` My husband and I are having them write your apology letter tonight and we would like to pay for your next movie and snacks out of their allowance . Please message me if this is you . I apologize profusely for their disrespect . ' After seeing the post , Boyd said : ` I was touched that she cared how her kids behaved . You do n't see that a lot these days . Despite all the attention Wood insists the ` real hero ' in the situation is Boyd , who she calls a ` great mom ' . Boyd added : ' -LSB- I 've learned -RSB- that as parents we need to support each other . The girls are not bad , they made bad choices . ` I am overwhelmed by all the love and support ! This is something my daughter Ashley and I will never forget . '