There will have been eight Madrid derbies by the end of this season , no city showdown has been played more in recent years . MailSport looks at the reasons why Atletico Madrid 's meeting with Real Madrid can also lay claim to be the greatest city derby in world football . Opposites attract . The clash of styles is always fascinating . Carlo Ancelotti must accommodate Cristiano Ronaldo , Gareth Bale and Karim Benzema and that leaves him little choice but to play a 4-3-3 . Cristiano Ronaldo , Gareth Bale and Karim Benzema must all be accommodated , leaving little choice but 4-3-3 . Real Madrid and Atletico Madrid are meeting for the fifth and sixth time in European competition that brings them level with Inter and AC Milan in number of city duels . Chelsea and Arsenal have met twice , as have Barcelona and Espanyol and Rapid and Steaua Bucharest . It 's a system that leaves Real Madrid short in midfield especially when you consider none of the first choice midfield trio are defensive players . This plays perfectly into Atletico 's hands . Diego Simeone will flood the midfield on Tuesday night as he has done in recent meetings between the two sides and see if his 4-4-2 with Arda Turan , Mario Suarez , Gabi and Koke ca n't over-run Rodriguez , Luka Modric in midfield . Atletico 's two banks of four are also very good at closing the space down for Bale , Ronaldo and Benzema . No wonder Ancelotti said on Monday that playing Simeone 's team is always a problem . Midfielder Koke will be deployed to try and smother the Real Madrid midfield during their last eight tie . The coaches . Simeone never tires of his ` one game at a time mantra ' Ancelotti was on Monday talking about the challenge being not to beat Atletico but to win the 11th European Cup -- the complete opposite of one game at a time . This meeting has added spice because it 's the chance for last season 's beaten finalists to avenge their victors . Borusia Monchengladbach had the same opportunity against Liverpool in 1978 as did Juventus against Ajax in 1997 and Inter Milan against Bayern Munich in 2011 . Simeone 's burns more calories on the touchline than some of his players while Ancelotti 's activity tends to get no more anaerobic than opening another packet of chewing gum . The Italian has won the lot in club football , Simeone is on his way to equaling that feat -- he has already won the league and cup in Spain , and the European and Spanish Super Cups along with the Europa League . He almost got the European Cup last year but Ancelotti denied him . For as long as the pair stay in Spain their futures will be linked . Diego Simeone raises his players one game at a time and the games against Real Madrid are no difference . Real Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti and Atletico boss Simeone often have their careers compared . The Real stars against the team with no stars . When Real Madrid were beaten 4-0 by Atletico Madrid in the league in February it was n't the Atletico players who went out partying . Real 's players are the footballing glitterati and Ronaldo 's high-profile birthday bash was part of that . Atletico 's players take great joy in beating their pin-up rivals . Mario Mandzukic , Diego Godin and Raul Garcia are happy to play it ugly if it gets results . Diego Godin and Mario Mandzukic are happy to play ugly to achieve winning results for their side . Goals and golazos . Koke 's thunderbolt shots , the inspiration of Turan , a moment 's magic from Antoine Griezmann -- Atletico Madrid are about more than just graft . And with Ronaldo , Bale , Benzema , James Rodriguez and Isco all capable of moments of brilliance the derbies have thrown up their fair share of great goals . Ronaldo and Gareth Bale 's moments of brilliance have thrown up their fair share of goals in the game . Atletico Madrid 's Turkish midfielder Arda Turan has scored his fair share of wondergoals in his career . Well-matched . They used to hold a sarcastic banner up behind the goal at the Santiago Bernabeu for the Madrid derby . It was written like a classified ad and read : ` wanted -- decent rival for city derby ' . Those days are long gone . Atletico Madrid ended a 14-year run of not beating Real when they won the Copa del Rey against them two years ago . Sergio Ramos celebrates a goal against his rivals in the Champions League final in Portugal . The game is a chance for Simeone to get his own back on Ancelotti for the defeat in what is to date their only meeting in European competition . Although some would say with four wins and two draws in the six games in other competitions between the two since then , he has already done that . And they have n't looked back since . At the start of the season they beat them in the Spanish Super Cup and knocked them out of the Copa del Rey both times over two legs . The one blip in the recent run came when it mattered most in last year 's Champions League final and they will hope to put that right on Tuesday night . Most City derbies have one side up and the other down -- right now Atletico as Spanish Champions and Real as European Champions are a match for each other in every sense . Bale celebrates when it counts most as he scores in the Champions League final in Portugal in 2014 .