Jamie Carragher does not feel Diego Simeone plays the type of football which would attract Arsenal , Manchester United or City . Sportsmail 's columnist insists the style of play Atletico Madrid showed against their neighbours Real at the Bernabeu would not impress the three Barclays Premier League giants . ` I love watching him on the sidelines . I love watching his team play , their work rate and their effort , they 're a team of men , ' Carragher told Sky Sports . Jamie Carragher does not feel Diego Simeone plays the right type of football for the Premier League big boys . Simeone 's team battled at the Bernabeu but were unable to take anything away against Real Madrid . Carragher does not feel Simeone plays football which would attract Arsenal , Manchester United or City . ` But there 's no way a top team such as Arsenal , Manchester United or Manchester City would want to watch that and think that is the type of football we want to play . ` The job he had done is unbelievable , I 'm not knocking that or his record one bit because I admire him so much . ` But I do n't think bigger clubs will look at that and think that 's how I want our club to play . I admire it and people at home may say it was a boring game . ` But they 're playing Real Madrid . How do you stop them ? You stop -LSB- Cristiano -RSB- Ronaldo . Play deep , leave no space for counter attacks and do n't play pretty football because you can lose it and be counter attacked . ` How he sets up against Real Madrid is perfect that is shown in their records . But giants of European football and teams in the Premier League will not want to play like that . ' Simeone , on the other hand , was proud of the way Atletico played during their Champions League quarter-final second leg as they lost 1-0 against rivals Real . Carragher insists the style of play Atletico Madrid showed would not impress the three Premier League giants . Mario Mandzukic looks dejected after Javier Hernandez 's late goal saw Real Madrid beat their rivals Atletico . Atletico Madrid were beaten 1-0 after two legs against their neighbours Real in the Champions League . Only Javier Hernandez 's strike two minutes from time separated the teams after two legs as Atletico 's Arda Turan was sent off for a second yellow card on 76 minutes during the derby . ` I leave feeling proud of my team , ' Simeone said afterwards . ` Again we competed superbly in a competition as tough as the Champions League and to be among the eight best teams in Europe is not easy . ` I was always taught that in the game you have to compete and if you give your all you will go home feeling content . I do n't have any negative feelings . There are coaches who would be envious to have these players . '