A group of disabled Manchester City supporters say they are ` disgusted ' with the club after they hiked prices of some season tickets by £ 345 to £ 975 . The 283 per cent rise , which comes after it emerged City were increasing the cost of some season tickets for able-bodied fans from £ 870 to £ 1,700 , has been strongly criticised by some of those affected . They claim the Premier League champions are trying to force migration to other parts of the Etihad Stadium as part of a wide-ranging re-seating plan following a 6,000-seat extension which will see capacity rise to around 55,000 . Manchester City have been accused of trying to relocate disabled fans by hiking up season ticket prices . The disabled bays subject to the huge increase are in the same section of the stadium as the season tickets that have risen from £ 870 to £ 1,700 - the prime pitchside second tier . City say that area has been transformed into a premium location , and that ticket holders will receive a programme , parking and access to executive bars - an offering they did not have this season . They add that they do not wish to discriminate and have to ensure they give the same offering to all supporters . But some of the disabled fans say the improved offering is useless to them and point out that they are in wheelchairs , and so will not have the benefit of an upgraded padded seat . The reigning Premier League champions celebrate victory over West Ham in their last game . Mark Barber is the secretary of the Manchester City Disabled Supporters Association who released a statement saying they were disgusted with club . He said : ` It affects users in the Colin Bell and East Stands . They pay £ 345 at the moment and , depending on the level they sit on , have been told to renew it will cost £ 975 . ` That is just for the same wheelchair bay . The club are turning the areas where the affected bays are into premium level seating . They clearly want a certain kind of client there , business men and the like , who they can make money from . ' The Etihad club have increased season tickets for many fans ahead of next season . Mark , 49 and himself a wheelchair user , added that the only option for those who could not afford the giant hikes was to move behind the goal . ` There 's no option to sit at the side of the pitch which a lot of people want to do , ' he explained . ` They are forcing people into a certain area . ` We would like a halo of disabled bays around the ground as they have at Wembley so you can choose where to go but they wo n't listen to us . There 's 134 of us and we are obviously not important . ' City point out that they have increased the number of disabled bays to 238 and have invested in improving facilities . They are also offering new headsets for blind and partially-sighted supporters and ` super risers ' which allow wheelchair users an elevated viewing position .