Murdered : Road rage victim Shahnawaz was returning home from a family function when the shocking attack occurred . At around 10.30 pm on Sunday , Turkman Gate lived up to Delhi 's reputation as a city that has lost its soul . Two children , 13 and nine years old , stood wailing and begging bystanders as five local strongmen mercilessly beat their father to death over a traffic quarrel . Road rage claimed another life . No one in the crowd came forward . The police did not arrive from a chowki merely 50 metres away . You could tick every item on Delhi 's infamous check-list . When no one came to their father 's rescue , the hapless children ran to the cops , who asked them to call 100 . By the time the police reached the spot , their father was lying in a pool of blood , and was declared dead on arrival at the Lok Nayak Hospital . The death of 40-year-old Shahnawaz has shaken the city . Murders are commonplace in the Capital , but a man being thrashed to death because his motorcycle grazed a car as bystanders watched in silence is a new low even by Delhi 's standards . Also , while Delhi Police Commissioner B.S. Bassi boasts about the new police motto `` Shanti , Seva or Naya '' and compares the force to the best-rated police departments across the globe , his men stood and watched Shahnawaz die without raising a finger . According to the Delhi Police , Shahnawaz was returning home from a family function with his two sons on a motorbike when it grazed a car near Turkman Gate in Daryaganj . Iron rods . The driver of the i20 car , identified as Shadab , got into a verbal spat with Shahnawaz . Shadab reportedly told Shahnawaz to move his bike as he was unable to manoeuvre his car . When Shahnawaz expressed his inability to do so due to heavy traffic , Shadab , along with Khalid Amin , another occupant of the car , started thrashing Shahnawaz with iron rods . Later , three other occupants of the car , Atif Lala , Mohammed Wasim , and another unidentified person , got out and joined them . Seeing their father being attacked so mercilessly , Fahad and his younger brother Kaif tried to hold back the accused , but were pushed aside . The boys then ran to the nearest barricade where two policemen were standing and begged them to help their father . ` Dial 100 ' The cops allegedly told them to dial 100 . The children then ran to their grandmother 's house nearby and said : `` Abu ki bahar ladai ho gayi hai kuch logo ke saath -LRB- Dad is involved in a fight outside with some people -RRB- '' . By the time the family reached the spot , it was already too late . Shahnawaz , bleeding heavily , was rushed to the nearby Lok Nayak Jaiprakash Hospital where he was declared dead on arrival . Sorrow : A large crowd mourns the death of road rage victim Shahnawaz in the Turkman Gate area . Heart-breaking : Shahnawaz 's mother breaks down in the Walled City after hearing the news of her son 's death . Numb with grief : Shahnawaz 's devastated parents are supported by relatives . On Monday evening , almost 24 hours after the incident , Turkman Gate wore an uneasy calm . Throughout the day , Shahnawaz 's family members and relatives sat in protest on the road with his body . A crowd of 200 choked the entire stretch , causing traffic jams across central Delhi in places like New Delhi railway station , ITO , Mandi House and Connaught Place circle . Protesters held up a banner which had Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal 's picture along with those of the accused , demanding quick arrests . The victim 's relatives said police are trying to protect Amin . `` Amin was the one who triggered the spat and started thrashing Shahnawaz . Police are clueless even after 12 hours of the incident , '' Shahnawaz 's relative , Shahbuddin , told Mail Today . Delhi Police chief Bassi has assured that all accused will be arrested soon . `` Mohammed Wasim has been arrested and the hunt for the remaining four is on , '' he said , while briefing the media . Family of goons on a short fuse claims life . By Ankur Sharma in New Delhi . The arrogance and short temper of a family which has right connections with policemen and local politicians has snuffed out an innocent life . Residents of Delhi 's Turkman Gate , where 40-year-old Shahnawaz was thrashed to death on Sunday night , allege that main accused Khalid Amin alias Amin Pahalwan belongs to a family of goons , and all his 17 brothers are involved in illegal activities . In 2011 , Amin was involved in a fight with former MLA Shoaib Iqbal . Three of the other accused in the Turkman Gate killing were also embroiled in that case . Relatives of the road rage victim point to the photos of some of the accused on an AAP hoarding in the area . However , a local AAP leader said they were not members of the party . Amin was initially a petty criminal . He was first arrested along with an associate in 1995 in an attempt to murder case from Seelampur area of North-East Delhi . The rogue element of Chandni Mahal area started a construction business since 2010 . `` He has a construction and a handicraft business , but he is involved in various criminal cases . His brothers are also facing criminal charges , '' a senior police officer said . Amin is allegedly involved in eight criminal cases - robbery , an attempt to murder , rioting and incidents of causing hurt . `` He always carries a country-made pistol and a knife , '' police sources said . Importantly , Amin enjoys good connections with the local police as his day-to-day work requires their co-operation . Drunk men thrash LS MP 's son in another case . The Turkman Gate incident was not the only case of road rage reported in the Capital on Sunday . In another case , the son of a Lok Sabha MP was allegedly thrashed by three men in South Delhi 's South Extension area . The Delhi Police have arrested three accused in connection with the incident after registering a case under five IPC sections . According to police sources , the incident occurred when Ritu Raj , the son of Jahanabad MP Dr Arun Kumar , asked one of the accused to not park his Scooty in front of the gate of his residence . `` Around 10 pm , the police got a call from South Extension Part-2 that three-four men have beaten up a man . When the police reached the spot , they found the MP 's son lying on the road . A PCR vehicle took the victim to the nearest hospital . `` After examining him , the doctors said Ritu Raj had dislocated his shoulder , '' a police officer said . Sources said the police have arrested three accused . The main accused has been identified as Manohar Lal Batra . Ritu Raj also told the police that all the accused were drunk when they thrashed him . The accused also allegedly threatened to kill the victim 's sister if she intervened .