For eight weeks , the sight of a shirtless Aidan Turner swinging scythes and standing up to the nefarious Warleggans has been getting the nation hot under the collar . Now , less than 12 hours after Poldark ended with a dramatic cliffhanger , disgruntled viewers have taken to Twitter to complain of ` withdrawal symptoms ' - and urge the BBC to hurry up with series two . ` As if the Sherlock hiatus was n't bad enough ... experiencing #Poldark withdrawal symptoms already , ' tweeted fan Mihaela Doaga within minutes of the closing credits . Scroll down for video . To be continued ... Poldark ended last night on a dramatic cliff-hanger with the main man hauled off to jail . ` Ahhhh #Poldark , I 'm not OK ! , ' wrote another , adding ` t ` int right , t ` int fair , t ` int proper ' - a reference to the catchphrase memorably deployed by Poldark 's malingering servant , Judd . Others complained of having their Monday morning blues made worse by waking up to the prospect of going months before seeing Mr Turner , 31 , and his famous abs on screen once more . ` The morning after #Poldark ends and amazingly , the sun has managed to rise in the sky , ' wrote Turner fan AM Scanlon . ` Have a good week everyone , or as good as it can be . ' Another , Luci Gosling , added : ` Waking up to a week with no #Poldark to look forward to . Gawd , life is tough . ' Bereft : Poldark fans such as Suze Smith took to Twitter to complain about the show ending . Missing out : Fans say they have nothing to look forward to now the show is over . Not quite true : Poldark will be replaced in the schedules with Sheridan Smith drama , The C-Word . Painful : Others said they were experiencing withdrawal symptoms less than 12 hours after the finale . The drama has proved one of the most successful of 2015 so far , pulling in an average of 5.9 million viewers per episode and a massive 6.1 million for last night 's finale . Much of that is due to Mr Turner and his smouldering looks which , combined with regular shirtless scenes , have produced a collective swoon among female viewers . But it has n't all been plain sailing for the drama , which has been renewed and will start filming again this autumn . Poldark 's famous scything scenes have sparked complaints from professional mowers who say Turner 's scything techniques are n't up to scratch . ` The story of Poldark highlights the romantic aspect of the scythe and its use in history but we were n't very impressed with Aidan Turner 's scything , ' said expert mower Chris Riley , 56 , last week . Next year : With filming on season two of Poldark due to start filming this autumn , fans are in for a long wait . Popular : Aidan Turner and his famous abs have been the highlight of the show for many women . ` There was a lot of sweating and grunting going on but the only time you 'd mow like that would be in a competition . ' At the end of March , an #AskPoldark wheeze launched by the BBC 's social media team also descended into farce after viewers bombarded Mr Turner with indecent proposals . ` How do you ever stop looking in the mirror ? ' asked one fan . Another added : ` My mower has packed in - would you come round and scythe my lawn please ? ' Although the 31-year-old made a stab at answering many of the questions , he left the more risqué queries go unanswered . While the second series of Poldark is n't due to air until 2016 , Mr Turner 's legion of fans can take some consolation from The Secret Scripture , an upcoming thriller in which the Irish actor stars . Scheduled for release later this year , it co-stars Melbourne-born actor Eric Bana , 46 , The Social Network star Rooney Mara , 30 , and veteran actress Vanessa Redgrave , 78 . Got withdrawal symptoms ? Meet the hunks set to light up the big and small screens this summer . Poldark might be no more , for this year at least , but there 's no shortage of cinematic and small screen crumpet , much of it shirtless , around this summer . Along with Mr Turner 's upcoming role in The Secret Scripture , Clint Eastwood 's handsome 29-year-old son Scott will please the ladies during his shirt-free scenes in new film , The Longest Ride . Like father , like son ! Clint Eastwood 's son Scott will be shirtless in cinemas from this June . Magic Mike : Channing Tatum and the strippers will be back in July with Magic Mike XXL . The film , which gets its UK release in June , co-stars Britt Robertson and tells the story of a former champion bull rider and his quest for love . Less romantic but with a whole lot of pecs appeal is the second instalment of Magic Mike ; the Channing Tatum film about the exploits of a troupe of male strippers . Entitled Magic Mike XXL , it opens on the 4th July and along with 35-year-old Tatum , also features the Poldark-esque Joe Manganiello , 38 . Also on the way is Southpaw , a boxing film starring a bulked-up Jake Gyllenhaal , and the remake of National Lampoon 's Vacation which features Australian muscleman , Chris Hemsworth , 31 . Beefy : A bulked-up Jake Gyllenhaal will be appearing in boxing film Southpaw from the end of July . Lots to see : Chris Hemsworth , seen here in a Saturday Night Live skit , will appear in National Lampoon 's Vacation and is currently starring in superhero flick , Avengers : Age of Ultron as Norse god Thor . Razor cheekbones : 29-year-old Tom Hughes will be appearing in The Game on BBC2 from this Thursday . Should the 31st July not be soon enough , Mr Hemsworth is currently reprising his role as Norse god Thor in superhero action-fest , Avengers : Age of Ultron . The small screen also has plenty to recommend it , beginning with new BBC2 spy thriller The Game which starts on Thursday and stars the razor-cheekboned Tom Hughes , 29 . Season two of Vikings , starring another handsome blonde Australian in the shape of 35-year-old Travis Fimmel , is currently underway on History while those with Amazon Prime can enjoy the sight of Sam Heughan , 34 , flexing his muscles on Outlander . Game of Thrones also has a pleasingly high muscle count , with Michiel Huisman -LRB- Daario Naharis -RRB- and Nikolaj Coster-Waldau -LRB- Jaime Lannister -RRB- among the hunks worth switching on for . Smouldering : Sam Heughan , 34 , has been winning over viewers with his performance in Outlander . Handsome : Travis Fimmel is seen here making the Dark Ages look appealing in History 's Vikings . Good look : Dutch actor Michiel Huisman -LRB- Daario Naharis -RRB- shows off his rippling abs in Game of Thrones .