Juventus moved 15 points clear of Lazio atop Serie A with a 2-0 win against them on Saturday and the Italian media were quick to lavish praise upon Carlos Tevez , who ` laid the eggs ' for their fourth straight league win . Tevez drove Juve into the lead in the 17th minute against Lazio , who went into the game on the back of eight consecutive wins , and celebrated his strike by dancing like a chicken . Defender Leonardo Bonucci added the second 11 minutes later , scoring from 18 yards as Lazio 's defence backed off . Carlos Tevez leads the front pages of Italy 's football coverage after leading Juventus to victory over Lazio . Tevez scored the opening goal for Juventus and celebrated by dancing like a chicken . Tevez 's goal helped Juventus establish a 15-point lead over Lazio at the summit of Serie A . La Gazzetta Sportiva said Tevez was ` laying the eggs ' for Juventus taking their fourth straight Serie A title , while Tuttosport praised the size of Juve 's 15-point advantage , which could be lowered to 13 if Roma beat Atalanta on Sunday . In Spain , a goal in 50 seconds from Luis Suarez followed by a 93rd minute strike from Lionel Messi gave Barcelona a hard-fought 2-0 victory over Valencia at the Nou Camp . Messi 's goal was his 400th for Barcelona and Sport described the victory as ` three golden points and nearer the title ' with their front page on Sunday . Barcelona stay in first place and keep their two-point lead over Real Madrid in La Liga , who beat Malaga 3-1 . Mundo Deportivo credited Valencia for ` making things very difficult in the first half ' before Barcelona rallied to record a ` momentous victory . ' Mundo Deportivo -LRB- left -RRB- and Sport report on a significant victory for Barcelona against Valencia in La Liga . Paris Saint-Germain lead the French coverage after moving to the top of Ligue 1 by beating Nice 3-1 . In France , L'equipe lead with Paris Saint-Germain hitting back after defeat to Barcelona in midweek in the Champions league by beating Nice 3-1 . The victory put Laurent Blanc 's team at the top of Ligue 1 by a point , but Lyon can return to the summit by beating St. Etienne on Sunday .