A Queensland man has opened up about a very special friendship between him and his best mate - a crocodile called ` Gregory ' . Mick Tabone , 74 , who previously owned and ran Johnstone River Crocodile Farm and zoo in far-north Queensland first came across the 5.2 metre croc in 1989 . For 20 years the farmer would sit on the enormous creature 's back while he chatted to him , and never once felt as though he was in danger . Rangers had already been trying to capture Gregory , who had apparently been killing cattle in Eubenangee Swamp near Mirriwinni , 70 kilometres south of Cairns for years , when they asked for Mr Tabone 's help . Mick Tabone and Gregory the crocodile shared a strong bond during their 20 year long friendship . ` He was on the run for a couple of years , he had been a naughty boy and was taking cows , ' Mr Tabone told Daily Mail Australia . ` The cattle used to come down there and have a drink and Gregory used to grab them by the nose and drown them , ' he said . Mr Tabone then spent the next six months setting up traps for the huge creature , in a last bid to save him after a warrant had been issued to kill the croc . ` They had a trap for a couple of years but he just did n't go in , and after a certain amount of time , you know , there 's a limit to the amount of time you can spend on this , ' he said . ` They -LRB- National Parks -RRB- issued a warrant to the farmer to shoot him . ' The farmer who owned the property where Gregory was snatching cattle called in the help of Mr Tabone and , helped by some ` freak weather ' , they were finally able catch the reptile . A heavy rainfall meant the trap which had been set up had moved and turtles had gone in after the bait , which Gregory then followed . Gregory was captured my Mr Tabone in 1989 after he was found stealing a local farmer 's cattle . ` Three weeks later , water was down to about ankle-deep and I looked hard in the murky water and I said there 's this great big massive animal in there , ' Mr Tabone revealed . ` I said I 've done the most horrible thing of my life , I 've killed this big animal . ' However upon closer inspection it appeared Gregory was alive and well , and had been keeping himself alive by coming up for air every few hours . ` Because of his size he was able to push the trap up to get a breath of air and then go back down for three to four hours , ' the croc farmer said . After a huge operation which involved 16 men carrying Gregory onto the back of a truck and taking him back to Mr Tabone 's farm , the creature was finally settled into what would be his home for the next two decades . The farmer describes the reptile that was his best friend as a ` funny animal ' , and said Gregory and him shared a special bond . He was named after Greg Cullen , the farmer whose cattle he was stealing . ` That gives me a memory of where I caught him from , ' Mr Tabone said . The 5.2 metre croc and his farmer would spend time together every day , and Mr Tabone said he was never frightened or felt he was in danger . ` Greg would brings friends over to have a look at the crocodile named after him . ' The crocodile would come when Mr Tabone called him , rushing up out of the water to greet his mate . The farmer would then spend time perched on Gregory 's back , chatting to him about what was happening on the farm . ` Every day I was there I always spent time with him , I always sat on him , ' Mr Tabone said . These meetings would take place between ten and 20 times a day , often in front of the tourists who came to visit the farm but sometimes just between the two of them . ` Sometimes depending if I had time I would go and sit on him and just hang out and chat to him ' . When asked whether what he was doing was dangerous , Mr Tabone disagreed saying he never felt unsafe with Gregory . ` No , if I felt danger I would n't be in there . ` I love animals but I love living too , ' he joked . Since Mr Tabone had to give up the farm in 2008 after repeated knee problems left him with less mobility than he was used to , the farmer has been back to visit Gregory only once . Mr Tabone previously owned and ran Johnstone River Crocodile Farm and zoo in far-north Queensland . ` I went down after 18 months and went down to Gregory 's cage and he was in the water , ' he revealed . ` I called him over to the gate and he came over to me and the look on his face was just like `` Mick why did you leave me here ? '' ' ` They would n't let me go inside and I can see their point because it 's not mine any more , I understand , ' Mr Tabone said . ` He was a really lovely animal , the only reason I sold out was that I got an infection on my knee . ' But Mr Tabone does n't think he can go back to see Gregory again , who he believes has been moved to another farm . ` I ca n't go there again , ' he said . Mr Tabone instead prefers to remember Gregory as he knew him , happily sitting with his farmer and best friend sitting on his back , having a chat .