This is the dramatic moment two traffic police officers were almost decapitated after a caravan sped past at speed with a window wide open . The motorway officers had been standing on the hard shoulder on the M5 in Gloucesteshire at night after pulling over a driver , who they suspected was speeding . They then spotted a caravan heading towards them in the dark and at the last minute spotted the nearside back window was open . The caravan , which sped past the two traffic police officers with its back window open , circled , and almost decapitated them . The two officers spotted that the caravan 's window was open with just seconds to spare and managed to dive out of the way . The pair were forced to dive out of the way with just seconds to spare before they were severely injured . The caravan also narrowly missed a workman standing further along the carriageway and the two officers got into their patrol car to give chase . They then quickly caught up with the driver towing the caravan and stopped him between junctions 11 and 11a near Cheltenham . He told the officers that he was unaware that the window had become loose and opened and was made to close it securely . The near-miss came to light after Gloucestershire Constabulary 's Road Policing unit tweeted about Sunday night 's incident . They posted : ` If you look very closely , top left above the road sign you will just make out the caravan nearside window open , which we did n't notice until we stopped the car that was in lane 2 for speeding . ` We were seconds away from being beheaded on M5 . The near-miss came to light after Gloucestershire Constabulary 's Road Policing unit tweeted about Sunday night 's incident . ` It was the car drivers lucky night as we had to go after and stop the caravan . The window had worked it 's way loose and was open ! ` And here 's the nearside view of the caravan window open , just as we closed the police car door and looked behind M5 . ` A workman had a close escape as well at Jtn 11 to 11a . Driver was unaware , brackets worked loose . ` The car driver was spoken to but knowing road works ahead we needed to stop the caravan . Window was then secured . '' The two policemen were not the only lucky people on the night as the speeding driver they had stopped also escaped further punishment because they could not deal with him .