This adorable dancer 's incredible balancing skills have made her on overnight internet sensation . The talented toddler , believed to be from China and female , carefully balances three small bowls on her head as she performs a series of dance moves to music . Happily bobbing along to the music , the youngster who is thought to be aged between two and three years old , slowly spins around being careful not to drop the dinnerware , as seen in a video on the People 's Daily Online . Tiny dancer : This talented toddler has become an internet sensation in China after the video of her dancing went viral . With a look of pure concentration she continues to spin , lifting her arms to the traditional folk music . Gaining confidence the tiny dancer drops to floor in a crouch and - for the first time - her carefully balanced crockery gives a wobble . But with the most minor of adjustments , the bowls are made safe and the dance continues . The video has been reposted by numerous Chinese video sites after it was first featured on Jiangsu Satellite TV station in China this week . The youngster has a look of pure concentration as she balances the three bowls which appear to be ceramic on her head . She carefully spins around to the music , in an adorable attempt at what appears to be a traditional female dance performed by the Uyghur people in northwestern China . The toddler may have been performing the traditional dance of the Uyghur - a Turkic people originally from Central Asia which have a large population in the Xinjiang Autonomous Region in northwestern China . The dance is also very similar to the Mongolian Bowl Dance , a folk dance which is performed by female dancers across Asia . Linked to hospitality , the feminine Zhongwan is performed by women who balance several bowls on their head and then dance with incredible skill and grace . Mongolian dances are closely connected with song or story . Men 's dances feature masculine activities including the horse and sword dance , the hawk dance , and the roughrider dance . Other female folk dances such as the Chopsticks Dance -LRB- Kuaizi -RRB- or Milking Dance -LRB- Jinai -RRB- .