In the heart of Yellowstone National Park , a supervolcano releases around 45,000 metric tonnes of carbon dioxide each day . But the magma chamber lying directly beneath its surface is not considered large enough to produce such levels , so researchers have been searching for an alternative source for years . Now , by tracking seismic waves , a team of geophysicists has discovered an enormous secondary chamber deeper underground that 's so large its partly-molten rock could fill the Grand Canyon 11 times over . Scroll down for video . A supervolcano in Yellowstone National Park -LRB- pictured -RRB- releases around 45,000 metric tonnes of carbon dioxide each day . A magma chamber beneath the surface is not considered large enough to produce these levels and now researchers have found the source in a secondary magma chamber deeper underground . The Yellowstone supervolcano is one of the largest active continental silicic volcanic fields in the world . Silicic is used to describe magma or igneous rock rich in silica . It is situated in Yellowstone National Park - which spans the midwestern US states of Wyoming , Idaho and Montana - and last erupted 640,000 years ago . The Yellowstone supervolcano is one of the largest active continental silicic volcanic fields in the world . It is situated in Yellowstone National Park - which spans the midwestern US states of Wyoming , Idaho and Montana - and last erupted 640,000 years ago . Although lava has flowed in the area as recently as 70,000 years ago , the researchers said . Experts say there is a one in 700,000 annual chance of a volcanic eruption at the site . Previous research found a relatively small magma chamber , known as the upper-crustal magma reservoir , directly beneath the surface in 2013 that measures 2,500 cubic miles -LRB- 10,420 cubic km -RRB- . To discover the latest chamber , Hsin-Hua Huang from the University of Utah and colleagues tracked seismic waves from almost 5,000 earthquakes . The researchers said the reservoir contains around 98 per cent hot rock . The remaining 2 per cent is molten rock and is too deep to directly cause an eruption . It sits 12 to 28 miles -LRB- 19 to 45 km -RRB- beneath the supervolcano and measures 11,035 cubic miles -LRB- 46,000 cubic km -RRB- . Lava has flowed in the area as recently as 70,000 years ago , researchers added . Experts say there is a one in 700,000 annual chance of a volcanic eruption at the site . Previous research found a relatively small magma chamber , known as the upper-crustal magma reservoir , directly beneath the surface in 2013 that measures 2,500 cubic miles -LRB- 10,420 cubic km -RRB- . To discover the latest chamber , Hsin-Hua Huang from the University of Utah and his colleagues tracked seismic waves from almost 5,000 earthquakes . These readings combined data from the University of Utah Seismograph Stations , which collected shallow readings from nearby quakes in Utah , Idaho , the Teton Range and Yellowstone , and from the Earthscope array , which revealed deeper readings from temblors from more further afield . Each of these quakes created waves that echoed around the supervolcano . The movement and structure of these waves could then be used to map the earth beneath . The researchers said in their paper : ` The Yellowstone magmatic system from the mantle plume to the upper crust ' , published in the journal Science , that the reservoir contains around 98 per cent hot rock . The remaining two per cent is molten rock and is too deep to directly cause an eruption , they added . It sits 12 to 28 miles -LRB- 19 to 45 km -RRB- beneath the supervolcano and measures 11,035 cubic miles -LRB- 46,000 cubic km -RRB- . To put this into perspective , the Grand Canyon in Arizona has a volume of 1,000 cubic miles -LRB- 4,168 cubic km -RRB- meaning the molten rock in the upper chamber would fill it two-and-a-half times , and the rock from the larger lower chamber would fill it 11 times . Previous research found a relatively small magma chamber , known as the upper-crustal magma reservoir , beneath the surface in 2013 that measures 2,500 cubic miles -LRB- 10,420 cubic km -RRB- . The latest chamber sits 12 to 28 miles -LRB- 19 to 45 km -RRB- beneath the surface and measures 11,035 cubic miles -LRB- 46,000 cubic km -RRB- -LRB- illustrated -RRB- . To discover the large chamber -LRB- shown in yellow -RRB- , the University of Utah tracked seismic waves from 5,000 earthquakes . Each of these quakes created waves that ` echoed ' around the supervolcano . The smaller magma chamber is shown in red beneath the supervolcano 's caldera . Researchers said the upper magma chamber is believed to have been the source of three Yellowstone eruptions 2 million , 1.2 million and 640,000 years ago . If Yellowstone did erupt , estimates from a National Geographic report said its immediate effects would kill around 87,000 instantly . A 10-foot -LRB- 3 metre -RRB- layer of ash would travel around 1,000 miles -LRB- 1,610 km -RRB- , leaving two-thirds of the US uninhabitable . This spread of volcanic ash , rocks and gas would then prevent planes from taking off and disrupt air travel around the globe . Not only do the findings reveal what is causing the high levels of carbon dioxide , researchers can use it to learn more about how the supervolcano connects to the hot-spot plume in Earth 's mantle . It could also provide clues about the structure of other supervolcanoes . ` An understanding of its properties is key to enhancing our knowledge of volcanic mechanisms and corresponding risk , ' said the researchers . ` This lower-crustal magma body has a volume 4.5 times larger than the upper-crustal magma reservoir -LSB- and -RSB- these estimates are critical to understanding the evolution of basaltic-rhyolitic volcanism and explaining the magnitude of CO2 discharge . ' The presence of magma reservoirs underlying upper crust magma chambers has been inferred at other locations , but not detected . The paper added that the upper magma chamber is believed to have been the source of three Yellowstone eruptions 2 million , 1.2 million and 640,000 years ago . The Yellowstone supervolcano is one of the largest active continental silicic volcanic fields in the world . Researchers said the upper magma chamber is believed to have been the source of three Yellowstone eruptions 2 million , 1.2 million and 640,000 years ago . Yellowstone National Park spans the midwestern US states of Wyoming , Idaho and Montana -LRB- pictured -RRB- . If Yellowstone did erupt , estimates from National Geographic suggest its immediate effects would kill around 87,000 instantly . A 10-foot -LRB- 3 metre -RRB- layer of ash would travel around 1,000 miles -LRB- 1,610 km -RRB- , leaving two-thirds of the US uninhabitable . This spread of volcanic ash , rocks and gas would then prevent planes from taking off and disrupt air travel around the globe . ` The magma chamber and reservoir are not getting any bigger than they have been , it 's just that we can see them better now using new techniques , ' added co-author Jamie Farrell , a post-doctoral researcher at the University of Utah . For comparison , the Grand Canyon in Arizona -LRB- pictured -RRB- has a volume of 1,000 cubic miles -LRB- 4,168 cubic km -RRB- meaning the molten rock in the upper chamber of Yellowstone would fill it two-and-a-half times , and the rock from the larger lower chamber would fill it 11 times . If Yellowstone -LRB- pictured -RRB- erupted , estimates suggest its immediate effects would kill around 87,000 instantly . A 10-foot -LRB- 3 metre -RRB- layer of ash would travel around 1,000 miles -LRB- 1,610 km -RRB- , leaving two-thirds of the US uninhabitable . And this spread of volcanic ash , rocks and gas would then disrupt air travel around the globe .