From blasting aliens and escaping charging warlocks to bluffing on poker sites , online gaming can be intense . Now there 's a mouse designed to let geeks continue their gaming adventures without working up a sweat -- on their hands at least . A mouse called Ventus X has a built-in honeycomb grill to let the skin breathe and a rugged coating so sweaty gamers can continue to the accessory . No sweat : Now there 's a mouse designed to let geeks continue their gaming adventures without working up a sweat -- on their hands at least . The Venus X -LRB- pictured -RRB- has a built-in honeycomb grill to let the skin breathe and a rugged coating so sweaty gamers can continue to the accessory . The mouse provides ` enhanced modern technology and classic design that fits all gamers and bring style to gaming , ' according to the Taiwan-based firm that makes it . Some realistic combat and multiplayer games tap into the body 's flight or fight response , causing adrenaline to surge through gamers ' bodies and prepare the body for physical activity . While clicking violently may not qualify as a work out , gamers can get sweaty , and this can make their mouse slippery . Game on : Some realistic combat and multiplayer games tap into the body 's flight or fight response , causing adrenaline to surge through gamers ' bodies and prepare the body for physical activity , by sweating for example . Here , gamer in Burma concentrates hard on a game of World of Warcraft . Instead of fitting a miniature fan like some of its rivals , ThermalTake , which produces cooling kit for computers , has designed a mouse with a matte coating or rough texture and rubber grips down its side -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Instead of fitting a miniature fan like some of its rivals , Taiwan-based ThermalTake , which produces cooling kit for computers , has designed a mouse with a matte coating or rough texture and rubber grips down its side . ` The new VENTUS X was designed with a new coating that gives full comfort while in gameplay , ' it says . This means that the tool retains its grip in the sweatiest situations , while ventilation is provided by a honeycomb grill where the hand rests on the mouse . The grille 's meant to help because sweat can evaporate faster than on a solid surface , when a user raises their hand or withdraws it , letting air to the area . Like many mice designed for serious gamers , it has a laser sensor so that sensitivity can be turned up high and programmable buttons . It costs $ 50 -LRB- £ 34 -RRB- via gaming hardware websites . The grips mean that the tool does n't get slippery in the sweatiest situations , while ventilation is provided by a honeycomb grill -LRB- pictured -RRB- where the hand rests on the mouse . A video game fan coughed up blood and dropped dead in a Chinese internet cafe last month after playing World Of Warcraft for 19 consecutive hours without a break . Wu Tai , 24 , went to the unnamed internet cafe in Shanghai to play the latest installment of the role-playing fantasy game alongside other fans of the popular series . CCTV footage shows him sitting in front of the computer and suddenly turning to his left to cough violently , before slumping in his chair and dying in front of shocked fellow gamers . Concerned onlookers called an ambulance for Mr Wu , who is understood to have continued playing the video game while waiting for the paramedics , despite clearly being seriously ill . Horrified fellow gamer Hsin Lo , 20 , said : ` I called for an ambulance while my friend went to get some help from staff . But while we waited he just died in front of us , and was nothing for the staff to do , ' Mr Hsin said . When medical crews arrived they tried to resuscitate Mr Wu but he was already dead .