A man has spent a year losing 70 lbs so he could donate his kidney to his wife . PJ Spraggins was delighted when he discovered he was a perfect match for wife Tracy , who was told her life-long battle with Lupus would kill her if she did n't get a transplant . The waiting list is seven years long . But the next day the couple from Birmingham , Alabama , were dealt a blow : his blood pressure was too high to perform the operation . Refusing to accept the diagnosis , PJ embarked on a relentless fitness regime . Finally , in December 2014 , they got the green light . In February , they went under the knife together . SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . Transformation : PJ and Tracy Spraggins -LRB- pictured , left , in 2006 , and right in 2015 -RRB- together lost 145 lbs in one year so he could donate his kidney to her . On the transplant list , she would have had to wait seven years . Made it ! After a year of grueling dieting and exercise , PJ was given the green light to undergo surgery . ` We both just feel amazing . I 'm slowly getting back to work making music , Tracy is making sure she fully recovers . But the entire process has been amazing . ' Now 39 , Tracy was six when she was first diagnosed with the chronic inflammatory disease which affects her kidney functions . She was placed on the transplant list in 2013 - just a few months after her 34-year-old sister , who also had Lupus , died following complications from a kidney transplant . Knowing that the seven-year wait might be too long , PJ , a self-employed musician , submitted himself for the weeks-long evaluation to assess whether he could donate his kidney . Journey : For a year , he kept losing weight and going in for tests , only to be told he needed to lose more . Finally , he visited Nashville 's Vanderbilt hospital in December 2014 , and the numbers all matched up . However , the good news was tinged with disappointment as doctors said his size meant the operation could n't go ahead . ` They said I was a perfect match but they wanted to check I was healthy and met their requirements . They sent me a blood pressure monitor , but they did n't like the numbers . ` That was a real kick in the gut . ' The doctors advised PJ , who weighed 265 lbs , to lose 30 lbs before returning for an evaluation . He did - but on the day of the test he changed a flat tire . ` My blood pressure was all over the place . The results came back and they said no again . ' It did n't stop there . Next try was a hospital in Atlanta , Georgia , where he was told to another 60 lbs . Eventually , they made it to Nashville 's Vanderbilt Hospital in December 2014 . PJ made sure he did everything he could to ensure the readings were perfect . ` I put that blood pressure monitor on and lay in bed all day . And thankfully , it all came back good ! ' Undergoing the four-hour surgery together on February 24 , the couple took a beaming photograph in matching hospital gowns . Life saver : Special needs teacher Tracy , 39 , has suffered from Lupus , a chronic inflammatory disease , since she was six . In 2013 , doctors in Birmingham , Alabama , said she would need a kidney transplant to survive . Happy : Spraggins -LRB- pictured in hospital -RRB- described the feeling of dejection at every hurdle until they made it . Perfect match : The chances of being a perfect match for one 's spouse is rare . The couple , who married in 2003 , are now back home and recovering in Birmingham . GIft ! This was the festive Easter gift given to Tracy and PJ by Vanderbilt hospital . ` The way my kidney function is now , it 's at 100 percent . And it 's at the best it 's ever been , ' Tracy , a special needs teacher , told Fox . PJ told DailyMail.com : ` It has just been amazing . To know that I did everything I could to give my wife a better quality of life is just the best feeling . I am so happy . ' The couple 's friends have now set up a fund to financially support them during the two-month recovery period when they will be unable to work . It reads : ` While the actual cost of the kidney transplant itself would be covered , they would need at least two months of financial assistance to cover regular household expenses as neither of them will be able to work during their recovery . Your donations would be emensely appreciated . '