They are the easy-to-drink cocktails that come in pretty colours and sweet flavours . But do n't be fooled by their innocent appearance . These drinks often contain high amounts of alcohol and drinking too many of them can leave your head spinning ... or worse . Scroll down for video . Colourful cocktails are deceptively easy to drink but can sometimes contain vast quantities of alcohol . The Zombie is a fruity cocktail made from three different types of rum , lime juice , falernum , Angostura bitters , Pernod , grenadine , cinnamon syrup and grapefruit juice . Made with high-proof alcohol and hardly any mixers , these ten cocktails are sure to floor even the hardiest of drinker . From Jungle Juice and Caribou Lou to Negroni , Death In The Afternoon and Sazerac , Femail reveals the 10 most alcoholic cocktails in the world . According to drinkaware.co.uk , men should not regularly drink more than three to four units of alcohol a day . Women should not regularly drink more than two to three units a day . One alcohol unit equals one 25 ml single measure of spirits . 1 . Zombie . A smooth , fruity cocktail originally served heated , the Zombie was concocted in the 1930s by Donn Beach , a restaurant owner in Hollywood . The cocktail 's ingredients were a heavily guarded secret . However , according to the original recipe , published in drinks book Sippin ' Safari , the drink was made from three different kinds of rum , lime juice , falernum , Angostura bitters , Pernod , grenadine , and ` Don 's Mix , ' a combination of cinnamon syrup and grapefruit juice . The cocktail is so strong that Don The Beachcomber restaurants limit their customers to two Zombies apiece . What makes this so alcoholic ? Three types of rum : 40 per cent ABV . Pernod : 40 per cent ABV . Angostura bitters : 44.7 per cent ABV . 2 . Jungle Juice . This cocktail is made fresh fruits which have been steeped overnight in an entirely bottle of grain alcohol before being served up , in the style of punch , to unsuspecting drinkers . The recipe for this particular drink comes from The Bartender 's Black Book by Stephen Kittredge Cunningham . To bring down the alcohol levels , you can add a mixer like lemonade although this is frowned upon . Connoisseurs say that when it is made correctly it does n't taste anything like alcohol at all . What makes this so alcoholic ? 1 litre bottle of grain alcohol : 95 per cent ABV . 3 . Death In The Afternoon . A classic concoction of champagne and absinthe , this luxe cocktail was invented by Ernest Hemingway and is also called Hemingway Champagne . Relatively simple to make , the recipe 's original instructions appear in 1935 cocktail book and were contributed by Hemingway himself , who wrote : ` Pour one jigger absinthe into a champagne glass . Add iced champagne until it attains the proper opalescent milkiness . Drink three to five of these slowly . ' The drink rarely appears on menus but can be ordered from bartenders . What makes this so alcoholic ? Absinthe : 45 per cent ABV . Champagne : 12 per cent alcohol . Jungle Juice -LRB- left -RRB- is made by steeping fruits overnight in 100 per cent grain alcohol . This Negroni -LRB- right -RRB- contains equal parts gin , Campari and sweet vermouth . 4 . Aunt Roberta . Considered by some to be the strongest cocktail in the world , this drink contains 100 per cent alcohol , with absolutely no mixers . Gin , vodka , absinthe , brandy and blackberry liquor are mixed together in equal parts for a dastardly drink that will certainly pack a punch . According to folklore , the drink was created by the mixed-race daughter of a slave owner in 1800s Alabama . Roberta was said to have fled her abusive home before turning to prostitution . She then moved on to the moonshine business where she used to sell this drink to her customers looking to drown their sorrows . What makes this so alcoholic . Gin : 40 per cent alcohol . Vodka : 40 per cent alcohol . Brandy : 40 per cent alcohol . Blackberry liquor : 40 per cent alcohol . Absinthe : 45 per cent alcohol . 5 . Nicolashka . Typically an after-dinner drink , the Russian Nicolashka comprises a double shot of vodka , espresso powder , lemon and sugar . The concoction is consumed by first putting the lemon , sugar and coffee in the mouth , before taking one shot of vodka . The mixture is kept in the mouth and slowly chewed before being swallowed . The second shot of vodka comes swiftly after . It 's a relatively simple drink but is strong , with drinkers claiming that keeping the alcohol in the mouth allows it to be absorbed faster into the blood stream . And while booze itself is said to slow the circulation , caffeine from the espresso , together with the vitamin C from the lemon , combine with the sugar to increase blood circulation , making the alcohol reach the brain swiftly . What makes this so alcoholic . Vodka : 40 per cent ABV . 6 . Sazerac . There are various ways to make Sazerac but once again the best recipe is in the drink bible The Bartender 's Black Book . The recipe here calls for between two to four ounces of Peychaud 's Bitters and two ounces of rye whiskey , with one cube of sugar . But what elevates this cocktail is the coating of absinthe on the inside of the chilled glass , which adds extra potency to the drink . The higher the alcohol content of the whisky you use , the more lethal the drink becomes . What makes this so alcoholic . Rye whiskey : 80 per cent ABV . A Bone Dry Martini , also known as Pass the Bottle , is made with pure gin or vodka and no vermouth . 7 . Caribou Lou . A surprisingly pleasant tasting drink made from 151 rum , pineapple juice and Malibu , this may not be the most alcoholic cocktail on the list but as it 's incredibly easy to drink , it makes it dangerous because you can put quite a few away without realising it . 151 rum has a high alcohol content which can sneak up on you when mixed with pineapple juice , rendering you drunk before you even know it . What makes this so alcoholic ? 151 Rum : 75.5 per cent ABV . Malibu : 35 per cent ABV . 8 . Long Island Ice Tea . The sour mix and helping of Cola disguise this college favourite 's potency . Made with five types of alcohol -- gin , vodka , tequila , rum and triple sec -- this unbelievably alcoholic drink is made palatable by the addition of sweet soda and sour mix -LRB- typically made from equal parts lemon juice and sugar syrup -RRB- . What makes this so alcoholic ? Gin : 40 per cent ABV . Vodka : 40 per cent ABV . Tequila : 40 per cent ABV . Rum : 40 per cent ABV . Triple Sec : 40 per cent ABV . Caribou Lou -LRB- left -RRB- made from 151 rum , pineapple juice and Malibu . The higher the alcohol content of the whisky you use in a Sazarac -LRB- right -RRB- the more lethal the drink becomes . Death in the Afternoon is a Champagne and Absinthe cocktail created by Ernest Hemingway . 9 . Bone Dry Martini . One of the oldest cocktails around , a martini is made using either gin or vodka with the addition of vermouth , a fortified wine which has a low alcohol content . Removing the vermouth from this mix makes this drink bone dry ; possibly one of the most alcoholic drinks you can get as it 's made with 100 per cent alcohol . The drink is also known as Pass the Bottle . What makes this so alcoholic ? Gin : 40 per cent ABV . Vodka : 40 per cent ABV . 10 . Negroni . This classic Italian cocktail made with gin , Campari and sweet vermouth . It 's a mind-blowing drink which can tip you over the edge if you have more than one . The only non-alcoholic addition to this cocktail is its orange garnish , which adds a zesty zing to the pleasantly bitter taste . What makes this so alcoholic ? Gin : 40 per cent ABV . Campari : 25 per cent ABV . Vermouth : 15 per cent ABV . A variation of The Zombie , this Cuban Zombie -LRB- left -RRB- is made with three types of aged rum and passion fruit syrup . A Long Island Ice Tea has five types of alcohol - gin , vodka , tequila , rum and triple sec - in it . Negroni with an orange twist garnish . Sazerac . Ingredients : You have three base alcohol choices - 30 ml Bourbon and 30 ml brandy or 60 ml Bourbon or 60 ml rye whiskey ; 15 ml sugar syrup , three dashes Creole Bitters and 5 ml absinthe . Method : Choose your base alcohol then mix with the sugar syrup , Creole bitters . Rinse the glass with absinthe before pouring out your drink . Twist a lemon peel over the drink before discarding . Negroni . Ingredients : 25 ml gin ; 25 ml sweet vermouth ; 25 ml Campari ; orange wedge or peel to garnish . Method : Shake all the ingredients together before serving in a chilled glass . Garnish with an orange wedge . Long Island Iced Tea . Ingredients : 15 ml vodka ; 15 ml rum ; 15 ml gin ; 15 ml Triple Sec ; 30 ml lemon juice ; 15 ml sugar syrup ; dash of Cola ; Lemon wedge . Method : Shake all the alcohol in a glass , top with the sour mix -LRB- lemon juice and sugar syrup -RRB- and dash of cola . Garnish with a lemon wedge . You could make variations of this classic drink by swapping gin for Bourbon -LRB- Kentucky -RRB- or Midori for Triple Sec -LRB- Japanese -RRB- . Cuban Zombie . Ingredients : 25 ml Havana Especial ; 25 ml Havana 3 year ; 25 ml Havana 7 year ; 10 ml Maraschino Liqueur ; 10 ml passionfruit syrup ; 10 ml grenadine ; 15 ml lime juice ; 45 ml pineapple juice ; dash aromatic bitter ; two barspoons Havana de Maestros rum to float on top ; mint sprig and half a passionfruit to garnish . Method : Mix all the ingredients in a shaker -LRB- except for the barspoons of Havana de Maestros -RRB- . Pour into glass before topping with the two barspoons of rum you set aside . Garnish with a mint sprig and passion fruit . Recipes contributed by Be At One cocktail bar .