Just like the Channing Tatum movie 21 Jump Street , an undercover drug sting in Houston has lead to the arrest of six high school students following an eight month operation . The bust was spearheaded by one male narcotics officer , who posed as a high school senior between August 2014 and March 2015 . On top of the six arrests , an amount of cocaine , marijuana and prescription drugs Xanax and Tramadol was also seized in the bust . Police have not released any further information on the undercover officer or his age , but say it is not the first time they have performed something like this . ` School is not a place that you should come in and try to sell your drugs , or come in and buy drugs , you go there to be educated , ' Sgt. James Brawner of the Brazoria County Sheriff 's Office told Click2Houston . Jumped in undercover bust : Matthew Van Richardson , 18 -LRB- left -RRB- , has been charged with two counts of delivery of a controlled cocaine , while Aaron Coleman , 18 -LRB- right -RRB- , was charged with delivery Xanax and Tramadol . Charged : Jonathan Gonzales , 17 -LRB- left -RRB- , was charged with two counts of delivery of marijuana and Kevin Lambert , 18 -LRB- right -RRB- , was charged with delivery of Marijuana , one fourth ounce . The two schools hit in this operation were Pearland High School and Dawson High School . However according to Lt. Chris Reioux of the Brazoria County Narcotics Task Force -- who jokingly told The Houston Chronicle that he hates the recent Jump Street movies , starring Channing Tatum and Jonah Hill -- said his department has conducted several Jump Street-style undercover operations in recent years . ` I do n't think anyone suspects that their classmate is an undercover cop , ' Reioux told the newspaper . ` With the recent release of the ` Jump Street ' movies , I think they 're a little more apprehensive , but it 's more of a joking matter -- `` you 're not '21 Jump Street ' are you ? '' ` They do n't believe the person next to them who shows up to school every day , is doing homework next to them , is an undercover officer . ' One adult student and two juvenile students arrested were from Pearland High School . 21 Jump Street ... only in Houston : Dawson High School was one of two schools hit in the bust . Bust : The operation was spearheaded by one male officer , who posed as a high school senior between August 2014 and March 2015 , in a plot similar to the 2012 film 21 Jump Street -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Scene : Pearland High School , in Pearland , Texas , south of Houston , has about 3,600 students . The one adult was identified as 18-year-old Aaron Coleman , who was charged with delivery of controlled substance in a drug-free zone -LRB- Xanax -RRB- and delivery of a dangerous drug -LRB- Tramadol -RRB- . Three adult students were arrested from Dawson High School : Kevin Lambert , 18 ; Jonathan Gonzales , 17 ; and Matthew Van Richardson , 18 . They were all charged with various drug offenses . However the investigation is continuing . ` There is still ongoing off campus investigations , ' Brawner told The Chron . ` We have wrapped up on campus , and now we are moving out into the communities and trying to further it that way . ' Hit : 21 Jump Street became a huge hit when it was released , starring Channing Tatum and Jonah Hill , in 2012 . 21 Jump St was released in 2012 and based on a 1980s TV series that starred a young Johnny Depp . In it , two youthful officers , played by Tatum and Hill , go undercover at a high school to bust a deadly drug ring . The actors reprized their roles for the sequel , 22 Jump St , which was released in 2014 .