With Saturday 's fight between Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao billed as the $ 300million fight of the century , it 's no surprise that its pay-per-view figures look set to blow previous bouts out of the water . In the US , viewers are being charged between $ 89.99 -LRB- £ 59 -RRB- and $ 99.99 -LRB- £ 66 -RRB- to watch the fight while in Britain , Sky Box Office is offering the bout for £ 19.99 , but those figures will equate to a small fraction of the earnings for Mayweather and Pacquiao . Once ticket sales and casino profits have been considered , the eagerly anticipated mega-fight , which is due to take place at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas , will become the biggest pay-per-view in sport and could see the two fighters pocket astronomical sums . This Sports Interaction graphic shows how much Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao stand to earn . American boxing legend Mike Tyson features in four of the top 10 highest grossing pay-per-view fights . The eagerly-anticipated mega-fight between Mayweather and Pacquiao is just days away . Canadian data crunchers Sports Interaction have put together all the big numbers to find out who will earn what , the top 10 pay-per-view bouts by earnings and whether the event will give fans value for money . Firstly , let 's take a look at how much Mayweather and Pacquiao stand to earn should the showpiece fight go the distance on May 2 . 12 rounds of jousting will give Mayweather a stunning $ 170m -LRB- £ 111m -RRB- purse , meaning the 38-year-old will be picking up $ 15m -LRB- £ 9m -RRB- per round and $ 5m -LRB- £ 3m -RRB- per minute . His opponent stands to earn slightly less and could bank almost $ 95m -LRB- £ 62m -RRB- which boils down to a tidy $ 8.4 m -LRB- £ 5m -RRB- per round . Pacquiao gets in his last workout in Los Angeles before heading to Las Vegas on Monday . Mayweather has featured in three of the top 10 highest grossing pay-per-view fights to date . The average payout for the top 10 pay-per-view fighters stands at $ 22.4 m -LRB- £ 14m -RRB- . Mayweather tends to give his viewers values for money by going the distance during his fights . Six of the top 10 pay-per-view events have gone the distance , which is encouraging news for fans across the globe who will be paying to tune in . Although the Las Vegas mega-fight is set to eclipse the highest grossing bouts to date , there will still be one man that can claim to have featured in more of the top 10 duels than Mayweather . Mike Tyson featured in four of the top 10 grossing bouts , ahead of ` Money ' Mayweather and Evander Holyfield who have both featured in three . Mayweather 's lucrative victory against Saul Alvarez in 2013 looks set to be eclipsed by his next bout . The American poses for photos with singer Justin Bieber after defeating Alvarez in Las Vegas . Oscar De La Hoya has featured in two , while Lennox Lewis , Miguel Cotto , Saul Alvarez , Peter McNeeley , Shane Moseley , Felix Trinidad , George Foreman and Pacquiao have all featured in one . Tyson may have featured in more of the top fights , but it 's Mayweather who is currently sitting pretty at the top of the pile after his pay-per-view 12-round fight against Alvarez in September , 2013 saw the American collect a total close to $ 140m -LRB- £ 91m -RRB- . Pacquiao features only once in the current list after earning around $ 555,555 per minute for his victory against Shane Moseley in 2011 . Mike Tyson 's heavyweight bout against Lennox Lewis -LRB- right -RRB- in 2002 , grossed $ 112m -LRB- £ 73m -RRB- . Tyson looks on after being knocked down for a final time by Lewis after just eight rounds . Tyson 's biggest earner came after his defeat against British legend Lennox Lewis as the pair claimed $ 760,869 -LRB- £ 497,796 -RRB- per minute each after eight rounds . Tyson is also responsible for the first and second most economically inefficient fights inside our top 10 . In 1997 , his constant biting of Holyfield saw him disqualified at the end of the third round , resulting in that pay-per-view event costing fans $ 5.59 -LRB- £ 3.60 -RRB- a minute for the action . Those still deciding whether whether to fork out for Saturday 's fight may be swayed by the fact that each fight inside the top 10 grossing bouts that has involved Mayweather or Pacquiao has gone the distance . Tyson is also responsible for the second most economically inefficient fight for fans after being disqualified for biting Evander Holyfield in the third round during the WBA heavyweight clash in 1997 . Holyfield reacts after Tyson bit his ear during the third round of their heavyweight fight in Las Vegas .