Liverpool goalkeeper Simon Mignolet insists choosing between an FA Cup victory and finishing in the top four would be like preferring one of his parents over the other . With the Reds in semi-final action against Aston Villa on Sunday Brendan Rodgers ' side could see the gap between themselves and fourth place - currently occupied by Manchester City - grow . It has been suggested the cup competition can save their season , in-form playmaker Philippe Coutinho even suggested as much ahead of their quarter-final replay at Blackburn last week , but Mignolet does not see any reason why they should prioritise one over the other at the moment . Steven Gerrard leads Liverpool players in training ahead of their FA Cup semi-final against Aston Villa . Manager Brendan Rodgers speaks to contract rebel Raheem Sterling during the session . Reds misfit Mario Balotelli -LRB- right -RRB- attempts an unorthodox pass as team-mates watch on amused . Rodgers and his players appeared in high spirits as they were put through their paces at Melwood . Spain defender Alberto Moreno sees the funny side of something during a training exercise . Reds winger Lazar Markovic speeds past Joe Flanagan as the club enter a crucial period of their season . ` The next game is the FA Cup semi-final so the focus is on that but you do n't really choose between your mum and dad so we still have two things to play for and we will try to do that from now until the end of the season , ' said the Belgium international . ` We want to do both - let 's hope we can do both . We have the FA Cup and league still to play for and we want to do well in every single game . ' Mignolet has enjoyed a renaissance in his form which mirrored that of the team 's results since returning to the starting line-up on Boxing Day after being dropped for a short spell . Keeper Simon Mignolet -LRB- centre -RRB- insists he can not choose between winning the FA Cup and a top four finish . The Belgium stopper has forced his way back into the team by cutting a more commanding figure . He accepts his time out of the team gave him chance to make changes to his game , which involved being more dominant in his area and certainly more vocal with his team-mates . ` It is something we spoke about when I was out the team : to be more aggressive and be more dominant with defenders and be more commanding and demanding , ' he added . ` Last week I had family over and they asked me straight after the game if my voice had not gone because they do not normally hear me on the pitch . ` I have always been one who tries to give information to the defenders and for me to organise at set-pieces but it is maybe more the body language and the commanding voice to get the message over to the players which has changed a bit . Philippe Coutinho celebrates scoring the winner against Blackburn in their quarter-final replay . ` It is something to do with my character as well which is a bit laid back so I had to make sure when I gave a signal it was commanding enough . ' Mignolet is likely to be tested by Belgium team-mate Christian Benteke , who is enjoying his own return to form with eight goals in his last seven games . ` I 've not spoken to Benteke this week but we spoke about it when we last met for internationals , ' said the goalkeeper . ` We still had Blackburn to play at that stage but he knew if we were to progress it would be me and him . Mignolet will be tasked with stopping his in-form international team-mate Christian Benteke . ` We know Aston Villa have aerial ability with two strikers up front and so it is something we have to deal with on Sunday . ` He -LRB- Benteke -RRB- has been scoring a couple of goals lately , together with -LRB- Gabriel -RRB- Agbonlahor they have a lot of pace up front . ` But we have to look at ourselves to perform . Villa come second . '