It was recently revealed that she will be designing a dress for charity and Pippa Middleton proved she knows a thing or two about fashion as she stepped out in a chic ensemble in London on Thursday . The 31-year-old sister of the Duchess of Cambridge looked glamorous as she strolled through the sunny streets of London . Pippa looked as chic as ever in a tweedy skirt , black blouse and cropped black blazer . The brunette writer accessorised her look with a black tote , £ 159 black pumps by Jemima Vine and oversized sunglasses . Scroll down for video . Pippa Middleton looked glamorous as she strolled through the sunny streets of London on Thursday . Just last week , Pippa was positively glowing in a tailored plum dress at the Spectator 's annual party at Belgraves Hotel in London , on Tuesday night . The 31-year-old , who is a regular columnist for the weekly cultural and political magazine , appeared relaxed and happy at the event . Pippa looked as chic as ever in a tweedy skirt , black blouse and cropped black blazer . Pippa , known for her impeccable sense of style , accessorised her look with a black tote , £ 159 black pumps by Jemima Vine and oversized sunglasses . Jemima Vine Edie Lizard Flats . Steal Pippa 's style ! Visit site . When it comes to flat shoes , Jemima Vine rules the roost . And although the brand is a favorite with celebs , it seems Pippa Middleton has a particularly soft spot for the flat shoe experts . She 's been spotted previously wearing at least four different variations on their signature pointed flat design , with this lizard material style being the latest to catch her eye . We can understand why Pippa is so obsessed with them . After all , flat shoes are a staple item in any stylista 's wardrobe , so why would n't you invest in a luxe-looking pair like these that are guarantee to endure season after season ? Take a leaf out of Pippa 's stylish and practical book , and click right to snap them up . But if you 're after a budget buy , then get the look with our edit below - Forever 21 's style could easily pass as a designer pair ! Forever 21 Faux Suede Smoking Slippers -LRB- now $ 14.99 -RRB- . Visit site . Sperry Top-Sider Smoking Slipper at Nordstrom Rack -LRB- now $ 49.97 -RRB- . Visit site . J. Crew Celo Suede Loafers . Visit site . Charlotte Russe Perforated Smoking Slippers -LRB- now $ 14.99 -RRB- . Visit site . Pippa 's brunette locks blew in the breeze as she made her way through the busy London streets . Just weeks away from the birth of a new niece or nephew , she looked demure in the purple number by with a coral belt and matching high heels , which served to showcase her slim physique . The Spectator was first launched in 1828 , making it the oldest published magazine in the English language . Spectator Life is the lifestyle supplement from the main magazine and the Duchess of Cambridge 's sister has contributed columns about food , truffle hunting and wine tasting since December 2012 . Pippa joined other celebrity guests to celebrate the supplement 's third birthday at the swanky Belgravia venue . Pippa is just weeks away from welcoming a new niece or nephew to the family as her sister , the Duchess of Cambridge , prepares to give birth for the second time . At the party , Pippa revealed that she is having a stab at a new career - this time as a dress designer . Pippa , whose plans to be a presenter on US TV fell flat , told the Mail on Sunday that she is teaming up with an old pal , designer Tabitha Webb , to bring out a ` Pippa Dress ' in time for a charity ball she will host in November . Her plan is to sell it to friends in lieu of donations for a cycle trek across Europe that Pippa , is doing with brother James . ` I 'm feeling guilty asking my friends to donate again , ' Pippa , a regular fundraiser , said . Pippa was positively glowing in a tailored plum dress at the Spectator Life magazine 's third birthday at the Belgraves Hotel .