Will Hatton has n't been able to keep his feet firmly in one place since the age of 18 . The 26-year-old British backpacker has only once tried to conform to a regular nine-to-five desk job at a travel agency - an endeavour that failed within six months . Instead , Mr Hatton has made a career out of travelling the globe as The Broke Backpacker , recording his adventures in his blog , making money through any random odd job he can find in foreign lands and spending only $ 100 each week on all of his expenses . Will Hatton has made a career out of travelling the globe as The Broke Backpacker while spending only us $ 100 a week . ` When I first started travelling seven years ago I really did n't have any money whatsoever , so I became a bit of a whizz at hitching , couch surfing and dumpster-diving , ' he said . ` Venezuela is definitely one of the cheapest countries I have ever been to . You can fill up a car for under 2 cents and get 12 beers for a dollar ! ' For just $ 100 Mr Hatton received a stack of money totalling over 1000 bills . ` When I first started travelling seven years ago I really did n't have any money whatsoever , so I became a bit of a whizz at hitching , couch surfing and dumpster-diving . All of this helped me save money and spend my budget on what really mattered - having a good time , ' Mr Hatton told Daily Mail Australia . ` Now I tend to purposefully pick extremely cheap countries such as Nepal , Venezuela or Cambodia in order to help stretch my money as far a possible . ` Venezuela is definitely one of the cheapest countries I have ever been to . You can fill up a car for under 2 cents and get 12 beers for a dollar ! ` Sometimes , I pick up casual work on the road . I 've herded goats in the Middle East , run beer-pong tables in Laos and done more than my fair share of flyering in Cambodia . In general , I 'm very good at budgeting and I am now making enough money from my travel writing to help fund my lifestyle . Pictured laying a water pipe , the 26-year-old picks up odd jobs wherever he travels . ` I 've herded goats in the Middle East , run beer-pong tables in Laos and done more than my fair share of flyering in Cambodia ' . Pictured : Mr Hatton at the highest mountina pass in the world at Annapurna Himal , central Nepal . ` I 've shared smokes with wandering holy men in India -LRB- pictured -RRB- and drank tea with rebels in Myanmar , ' he said . ` I 'm still very proud to be British , but ultimately I 'm not sure if I will end up in the UK or not because I can afford a much better standard of living whilst travelling and eventually I hope to open a string of hostels . ' The keen traveller , who is currently making his way through the Philippines , has visited nearly 50 countries over the last seven years and aims to reach 100 by the time he turns 30 . ` I spent over a year travelling in India before heading to Nepal and then onwards to Myanmar and the rest of the classic Banana pancake trail . I 've hitched all over Europe and even to Africa and more recently I 've been spending time in Venezuela and Colombia , ' Mr Hatton said . But his adventures have left him with a scar or two and lead him into plenty of disastrous situations . Mr Hatton said he has been robbed on three separate occasions , once at knife point , crashed motorbikes , had to be evacuated from a jungle in Costa Rica after developing a serious leg infection that left permanent damage to his limb and was strip-searched at gun point while crossing into Israel from Palestine . In Jordan , he hitched a ride from a Rastafarian Bedouin -LRB- pictured -RRB- who let him spend a week living in his cave , cooking on the fire and helping to herd his goats while Jordan 's star-filled desert sky left him in awe each night . Camel riding in Jordan : ` Get on with it , just go and do n't look back : If you spend your whole life waiting for the perfect time , the perfect companion or the perfect destination to go travelling then you may never end up going , ' Mr Hatton says . He admitted that he found himself well and truly out of money on a number of occasions , often leading him to search for work at a bar for a few days or a farm in exchange for food and board . Indian tug of war : ` After a year in India , I was totally skint and ended up Couchsurfing with an elephant handler for a couple of weeks whilst I figured out my next move ' ` To this day , I do not know why I was singled out , but I was separated from everybody else in the queue and taken into a James Bond-esque building complete with blast doors , ' he recounted . Get on with it , just go and do n't look back : If you spend your whole life waiting for the perfect time , the perfect companion or the perfect destination to go travelling then you may never end up going . Make sure you have the right gear : If you 're planning on hitching , take a tent - who knows where you may end up at night . One of the most useful pieces of equipment that I take absolutely everywhere is my head torch - it 's gotten me out of a tight spot on more than one occasion . Try not to worry too much : If you 're travelling for the first time and nervous about being lonely , us vagabonds are a friendly bunch and all you need to do is check in to a hostel dorm in order to make plenty of friends . via Will Hatton . ` I was instructed through a loud speaker to remove all of my clothes . I stripped down to my boxers and was then made to take them off as well by two guards who came in with assault rifles . ` Luckily they released me without anything else happening , but I still have no idea why I was made to take off all my clothes . A practical joke maybe ? ' He has also found himself in the sticky situation of well and truly running out of money on a number of occasions , often leading him to search for work at a bar for a few days or a farm in exchange for food and board . ` After a year in India , I was totally skint and ended up Couchsurfing with an elephant handler for a couple of weeks whilst I figured out my next move . ` In the end , I sold a load of my stuff on eBay and my mum had to deal with posting stuff out all over the UK for me . Luckily I had a couple of hundred action figures from my school-days and selling them helped me keep travelling for another year . However the trips have also left him with invaluable experiences that he 'll never forget , including hitching a ride from a Rastafarian Bedouin who let him spend a week living in his cave , cooking on the fire and helping to herd his goats while Jordan 's star-filled desert sky left him in awe each night . Samurai lessons in Japan : Mr Hatton said he has been robbed on three separate occasions , once at knife point . Himalayan Treking : Mr Hatton -LRB- pictured right -RRB- : He also had to be evacuated from a jungle in Costa Rica after developing a serious leg infection that left permanent damage to his limb . Snow leopard tracks in the Himalayas : At one point , his travels led him to be strip-searched at gun point while crossing into Israel from Palestine . Mr Hatton , pictured canyoning -LRB- right -RRB- also snapped these colourful people celebrating the Holi festival in Kathmandu -LRB- left -RRB- . ` I always befriend as many locals as I can and I 've met some truly incredible people . I 've shared smokes with wandering holy men in India and drank tea with rebels in Myanmar , ' he said . ` Next week I plan to meet the fascinating Whang Od - a 95 year old Kalinga tattoo artist who is the last person left alive that still practises Batuk tribal tattooing . She has agreed to tattoo me . ' For his next lengthy trip , planned for March next year , Mr Hatton said he will travel to Australia without boarding a single flight . ` I will catch trains as far as Southern Turkey before crossing into Iran , up into Pakistan and Afghanistan and then across China and down through Vietnam and South East Asia , ' he said . ` Once I hit Malaysia , I plan on hitching rides on sailing boats across Indonesia and onwards to Papau New Guinea ; finally , I will end my trip in Australia . ' Volcano boarding in Leon , Nicaragua : He is currently travelling through the Philippines . ` Next week I plan to meet the fascinating Whang Od - a 95 year old Kalinga tattoo artist who is the last person left alive that still practises Batuk tribal tattooing . She has agreed to tattoo me , ' he said . For his next lengthy trip , planned for March next year , Mr Hatton said he will travel to Australia without boarding a single flight . He advised others who are keen to follow in his footsteps , not to worry too much : ` If you 're travelling for the first time and nervous about being lonely , us vagabonds are a friendly bunch and all you need to do is check in to a hostel dorm in order to make plenty of friends '