Burnley boss Sean Dyche insists his team will not resort to diving and cheating in their battle against relegation . Dyche says he has been shocked by the amount of simulation he has witnessed during Burnley 's first season back in the Barclays Premier League . He claims another manager has urged him to ` move with the times ' and instruct his players to seek out decisions . Sean Dyche is insistent that his Burnley players wo n't ever dive or cheat to prosper under him . But while Dyche accepts his players are naive on such matters , he insists that is the way he likes it and will not be asking them to follow suit , regardless of their situation . Burnley are second from bottom with just six games remaining but are only two points from a safe position and have earned many plaudits for their battling displays . Dyche said : ` There is a certain way of playing . I believe the team play in the correct manner . There 's been minimal , if any , simulation from our players . I see it constantly in this league , more so than I ever thought I would . The Clarets have established themselves as one of the hardest working teams in the Premier League . ` At this level we have been naive at times , in the right way . I think that 's sad that players just ca n't go out and play and get decisions that they should get . ` One prominent manager I am not going to name said to me , ` You are being naive , you should get your players to move with the times ' . It 's not my belief . You should play the game properly . ` If someone touches you in the box and you go down , that 's always been there - that 's not cheating , that 's just gamesmanship . That 's part of the game . There is a difference . ` I 'm on about absolute simulation where there is no contact and people go to the floor . ' With relegation a real possibility , Burnley are fighting for their lives at the bottom of the division . Dyche feels while football gets into a moral tangle over certain high-profile , one-off incidents , this issue of repeated cheating is all too often overlooked . In terms of policing it , he sympathises with referees and wants the system of retrospective punishment extended to cover blatant acts of simulation . He said : ` It would evaporate out of the game within two , three or four weeks because managers who have some amazing players will say , ` We ca n't be losing you for three games ' . ` I 'd like to know the reason it has n't been brought in , and if it is getting really looked at in depth . Dyche was told by another manager to ` get with the times ' and that his team was too naive . ` It 's only because I think morally we talk to our kids about fairness and playing the right way , and yet , in one of the most powerful leagues in the world , there are people dropping everywhere . ` Weirdly , you 'll open a debate about Raheem Sterling , put him all over the papers saying he 's doing this , that and the other , but yet something that is there for all to see all of the time every week , is sort of accepted . Strange is n't it ? ` If that was my centre-half and someone is through and he pulls the shirt , he gets banned . It 's cheating . It 's the same difference is n't it ? '