Mirko ` Cro Crop ' Filipovic is desperate to scratch his eight-year itch when he takes on Gabriel Gonzaga in Poland on Saturday . Cro Crop lost to the Brazilian in 2007 when a first-round head kick brought a swift end to the bout at UFC 70 . But he is confident he can avenge the defeat on home territory . Mirko Filipovic -LRB- right -RRB- faces Gabriel Gonzaga in Poland on Saturday , eight years after losing to the Brazilian . In 2007 , Filipovic -LRB- right -RRB- was beaten by a first-round head kick and wants to avenge that defeat . Filipovic admitted revenge is a motivating factor ahead of the encounter against Gonzaga . ` I want to beat all the opponents who have beaten me before , ' Cro Crop said . ` But especially this fight because I lost to him and this time I feel better motivated and more prepared than I did last time . ` He -LSB- Gonzaga -RSB- is a big guy . He is tough - he always goes for the victory and sometimes he is successful , sometimes he is less successful . But he definitely is a tough opponent for everyone . ` I do n't want to think too far ahead - I am focusing on this fight and whatever is next , will happen . ` I am in really great shape . My training is great - I keep the same schedule of training and I am prepared and ready for this fight . ` I have been training with Stipe -LSB- Miocic -RSB- - he is a really great guy . We have been training really hard to prepare for both of our fights . He is just a great guy to train with and to be around . ` All of the people I have lost against , I always want to fight again . UFC decided it would be Gonzaga and yes I wanted this rematch very much . ' Gonzaga , meanwhile , insists he does not view the fight as a rematch , given the eight-year wait . ` I did n't make any mistakes -LSB- in his last fight against Cro Cop -RSB- and he did make one , and I tried to capitalise on that , ' he said . ` Eight years can change a lot . So much can change in that time so I do not consider this a rematch ; I consider this a new fight . ` I 've got better in that time - my skill set has got better . ` I 'm going to try to avoid his high kick . But I will be ready wherever the fight goes . Gonzaga said he does not consider the fight with Filipovic a rematch because of the gap of eight years . Gonzaga believes that his skillset has got even better since the last time he took on Filipovic . ` That 's the thing about the heavyweight division in the UFC , you know , one punch can change everything . ` I believe people are never going to forget our first fight . But right now I just need to win this fight . ` I always need to keep working towards the title shot . I am always trying to get there and I 'm here to do that , to move closer to it . '