Police in upstate New York determined that a suspicious package that sparked an hours-long lockdown Monday at Hamilton College did not pose any threat . The liberal arts college in Clinton sent out four alerts in the span of an hour urging students and staff to shelter in place , lock doors , draw curtains and stay away from windows . Campus officials said a bomb threat and the threat of a shooting at the recently renovated Kirner-Johnson Building were received by phone at 9.45 am . On lockown : Hamilton College in Clinton , New York , was placed on lockdown this morning in response to a bomb threat and reports of a possible shooter on campus . Red flag : Campus officials said someone called in a bomb threat and the threat of a shooting at Kirner-Johnson Building before 10 am Monday . Exodus : Police evacuated McEwen , Milbank , Babbitt , Cafe Opus and Schambach buildings . A suspicious package was found in the Kirner-Johnson building , and K-9 dogs were on scene . Students and staff were being asked not to use Martin 's Way , but to leave campus via Green Apple Way to the Field House . Initially , only a part of the campus was placed on lockdown , but it was later extended to the entire school . A bomb squad from Albany arrived on campus at around 2.30 pm to investigate a suspicious package that has been discovered at the Kirner-Johnson building . Katey Hopper , a student at Hamilton who is the sister of a Daily Mail Online manager , said in an email that the person who called in the threat this morning mentioned multiple bombs . The college senior told Daily Mail that police have located one suspicious package that was described as being ` larger than a purse . ' By 3.30 pm , officers examined the item found at the Kirner-Johnson building and found it to be harmless . They also investigated another item discovered nearby as a precaution and were conducting a second security sweep . Ms Hopper , a field hockey player at Hamilton , said the unidentified suspect allegedly told school officials he or she would shoot any student seen walking around campus , but no gunman has been seen . Police evacuated McEwen , Milbank , Babbitt , Cafe Opus and Schambach buildings while K-9 units were brought it to search the campus . Students and staff were being asked not to use Martin 's Way , but to leave campus via Green Apple Way to the Field House . Ms Hopper , who has been on lockdown on the north side of the campus for more than four hours , said her fellow students and staff were ` on edge ' but did not feel an imminent threat . At around 12.40 am , Trooper Jack Keller said no one has been injured and there was no active shooter on campus , reported Syracuse.com . Emergency updates : College officials have been keeping the Hamilton community abreast with the developing situations through emergency notifications . Insititution : the private liberal arts college located 40 miles east of Syracuse , which was founded in 1793 as a boys ' school , currently has 1,929 students . Shortly before 2 pm , the college announced that all classes were cancelled for the day citing the ongoing lockdown and police investigation . According to its site , the private liberal arts college located 40 miles east of Syracuse , which was founded in 1793 as a boys ' school , currently has 1,850 students . The emergency comes just hours after Wayne Community College in Goldsboro , North Carolina , went into lockdown mode just before 9 am over reports of an active shooter . According to reports , one person was fatally shots and the suspect was still at large .