Chelsea can take another step closer towards securing the Premier League title when they face Arsenal on Sunday , and Jose Mourinho 's side stepped up their preparations for the Emirates showdown in training on Friday . The league leaders were put through their paces at their Cobham training headquarters just a couple of days before a London derby against Arsene Wenger 's side . Mourinho has never lost to Wenger in 12 outings , and he will be hoping 13 is not unlucky as well on Sunday as his side look to extend their 10-point lead over the Gunners . Chelsea trained at their base in Cobham on Friday ahead of their game against Arsenal . Chelsea 's Spanish midfielder prepares to face his former club Arsenal at the weekend . Didier Drogba has an excellent record against Arsenal and could start up front . Cesc Fabregas will make his first return to the Emirates , but another of Chelsea 's summer signings Diego Costa is a doubt for the clash due to injury . That would mean Didier Drogba , who was seen training at Cobham on Friday , or Loic Remy could start up front for Chelsea at the Emirates . At his press conference on Friday , Mourinho said : ` Didier for sure is good , is fine . Remy , not for sure . And Diego , let 's make a decision tomorrow . Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho takes charge of the training session at Cobham on Friday . Belgian star Eden Hazard is in line to be named PFA Player of the Year this weekend . Dominic Solanke is in reserve , having missed Chelsea 's Under 21 team match on Thursday , and will be on the substitutes ' bench as back-up to Drogba if Costa is not fit . Costa has scored 19 Premier League goals this season , including one in the 2-0 win against Arsenal in October . But Costa has missed the last two matches - wins against QPR and Manchester United - after a recurrence of the hamstring problems which have plagued him . ` He 's a very important player for us , but the reality is we are coping with the difficulties of every match without him , ' Mourinho added . Teenage striker Dominic Solanke joined the first team for their training session at Cobham on Friday . Youngster Solanke with Hazard in training ahead of the Arsenal game at the Emirates . Mourinho has never lost to Arsene Wenger in 12 previous meetings between the pair . ` We played amazingly well during the most part of the season , scoring a lot of goals and controlling games very well through the quality of our possession . ` In the last period we are more strategic , less artistic , but we are having results . I would love Diego to be back , but I trust the other people . ' Eden Hazard was also on target in the autumn home win over Arsenal . The Belgium playmaker is expected to be crowned PFA Player of the Year on Sunday , but Mourinho insists collective honours are more important for Hazard . Chelsea striker Drogba executes a sliding challenge on his team-mate Hazard as he tries to win the ball . Hazard gets physical with Brazilian Oscar during the training session on Friday at Cobham . Sport analysts BSports are predicting a tight match , with Arsenal slight favourites to beat Chelsea . The Blues boss also played down the prospect of Hazard moving to Real Madrid after the 24-year-old 's idol Zinedine Zidane , now a coach at Real , lauded him this week . Mourinho said : ` We just signed a new contract with him -LRB- until 2021 -RRB- . We did n't put a gun to his head . He had a lot of time to think about it . ` He made a commitment for the future of the team , signing a very good contract . I do n't think he 's interested in going . ' Mourinho recently said every player has a price . Asked to put a figure on Hazard , he said : ` That 's a good question . I have my idea about it . '