It seemed a somewhat unusual honeymoon destination for Kim Kardashian and Kanye West . But the couple insist they fell in love with the ` calm ' of Ireland on a previous visit and just had to return . Of course , they did it in style , staying at the 18th-century Ballyfin , at the foot of the Slieve Bloom Mountains in the centre of the country . And now the five-star hotel has been given the highest accolade , declared the grandest hotel in Ireland by Conde Nast Traveller magazine . Splendour ! Ballyfin has been named by travel publication Condé Nast Traveller as the grandest hotel in Ireland . The five-star retreat boasts a luxurious pool , which can be enjoyed with privacy due to its small volume of rooms . Grand retreat ! With only 20 rooms for the 614 acre estate , this 5 star luxury hotel is the perfect place for a break from the stresses of the modern world and provides discretion and privacy like few other destinations . Set at the foot of the Slieve Bloom Mountains , the five-star Ballyfin played host to the famous couple last May . The high profile couple were seen travelled by Mercedes to the hotel during their first holiday as a married couple , last year . The famous couple headed to the picturesque Co Laois area , following tying the knot in an opulent Italian wedding ceremony last May 24 . Many were baffled at them shunning popular exotic holiday destinations such as the Seychelles and Maldives but Kim tweeted her explanation . ` We spent Kanye 's bday in Ireland a few years back & fell in love with it ! Its such a calming relaxing place ! ' The couple enjoyed a relaxing stay at the hotel , which has only 20 rooms on its 614 acre estate . Set at the foot of the Slieve Bloom Mountains , the entirety of the elegant Ballyfin can be hired out for a small € 25,000 -LRB- £ 18,000 -RRB- a night . It prides itself on promoting a break from the stresses of modern life , and maintaining privacy for guests . With only 20 rooms on the 614 acre estate , it aims to be a relaxing haven for its guests . During their Irish stay , the couple headed to the local cinema , to the surprise of locals , and enjoyed the outdoors with a mountain biking trek . Intimate luxury ! The elegant manor house has snug rooms restored to their 18th century glory . The interior decoration of the hotel is renown for being one of the finest examples of the Neoclassical and Empire periods in Ireland . Guests can take their pick of luxurious places to relaxing , from the eighty-foot library and Gold Drawing Room , to the grand saloon . Hidden away behind a secret bookcase in the library is even a sun-filled conservatory . The rooms are bedecked with Irish art and antiques from around the world , aiming to preserve the elegance from Ballyfin 's 1820s beginning . The house has long been admired in Ireland , and after eight years of restoration , Ballyfin re-opened in May 2011 as a 5 star country house hotel . Last year Tourism Minister Paschal Donohoe revealed that visitors to Ireland from Great Britain increased by 11.3 per cent , with an extra 178,200 visitors on 2013 . Visits from Kim and Kayne , combined with the filming of Game of Thrones , helped to boost these numbers dramatically . Ballyfin remained discreet on the impact of the couple 's stay on its own popularity . A spokesperson for the hotel said : ` The privacy Ballyfin affords is one of many compelling reasons that guests will choose to stay at the hotel . ` Ballyfin respects this at all times and would never compromise this stance . ' Enjoy the stunning hotel , or take advantage of the picturesque outside gardens and areas . Opulent ! Condé Nast Traveller has dubbed the five-star 18th century manor hotel as the grandest hotel in the country . Unusual honeymoon ! Kim and Kanye were seen heading to the cinema twice during their first holiday as a couple . Guests can enjoy the immaculate rooms inside the 1820s house which can be hired out for £ 18,000 -LRB- € 25,000 -RRB- a night .