Chelsea have turned to the latest fitness technology to carry them over the line towards the Premier League title following a relentless campaign . Having led the chasing pack for most of the season , the Blues are currently seven points clear with a game in hand over their closest rivals and seven games remaining ahead of the weekend 's visit of Manchester United . Despite their commanding position , Jose Mourinho 's side is leaving nothing to chance as players hit the gym following the announcement of a partnership with leading wellness solutions provider Technogym - who have kitted out their Cobham training ground with state-of-the-art equipment . Kurt Zouma -LRB- left -RRB- , Nemanja Matic -LRB- top right -RRB- and Eden Hazard -LRB- bottom right -RRB- work out at Cobham . Players including Eden Hazard and Nemanja Matic have been pictured being put through their paces while the Stamford Bridge club 's Twitter account features a video of young defender Kurt Zouma working out at Cobham . Carlos Lalin , Chelsea assistant first team fitness coach and gym manager said ` Technogym has a reputation for excellence in the design and manufacture of fitness equipment for elite athletes . ` As one of the leading clubs in the world , it is natural that we should work with the best . We are pleased with our choice and hope that this will help us to achieve even more in the coming years . ' New signing Juan Cuadrado -LRB- left -RRB- and Cesar Azpilicueta are all smiles at their new running machines . Technogym has kitted out Chelsea 's Cobham training centre with the latest state-of-the-art equipment . Player of the Year nominee Eden Hazard trains hard in the gym ahead of Manchester United 's visit . Azpilicueta and Branislav Ivanovic take part in some leg stretching exercises using the new equipment . Technogym 's founder and President Nerio Alessandri said , ` Over the past 30 years , Technogym has invested heavily in research and development work to create unsurpassed fitness equipment and technology that supports top athletes around the world . ` Both Chelsea FC and Technogym share a strong dedication to performance -- be it at the high-performance training centre in Cobham , or in the creation of the most innovative fitness equipment in the market . ` We are proud to be selected as Chelsea FC 's fitness equipment partner , and we look forward to working closely with its players to continuously help them achieve the best performance possible . ' Blues defender Matic uses weights and resistance training to get himself in shape for Sunday . Chelsea fitness coach Carlos Lalin has hailed the club 's partnership with Technogym . Zouma has broken into the first team this year and has been preferred to Gary Cahill in recent games . Meanwhile , Chelsea have had two players nominated for the PFA Player of the Year awards with Diego Costa and Hazard competing with the likes of Harry Kane , David de Gea , Philippe Coutinho and Alexis Sanchez for the accolade . Hazard is hot favourite thanks to his consistently brilliant form , which has also seen the Belgium international included in the shortlist for the Young Player of the Year award . Cesc Fabregas celebrates scoring against QPR to open to maintain their lead at the top of the table . Hazard -LRB- left -RRB- is hot favourite to pick up the PFA Player of the Year award for his inspiring displays .