Going down on one knee is always a nerve-wracking experience but popping the question in public comes with an extra helping of risk . And for one man , it was a risk that most certainly did n't pay off after he was very publicly turned down by his girlfriend during an appearance on The Jeremy Kyle Show . The couple , known only as Jamie and Dawn , were appearing on an episode entitled : ` My fiancé is a womaniser but is he a cheat ? ' Scroll down for video . The big moment : Jeremy Kyle Show guest Jamie goes down on one knee in front of girlfriend Dawn . Having refused to take one of the show 's famous lie detector tests , Jamie attempts to show his love for Dawn by proposing - but has the ring thrown back in his face . In front of Mr Kyle and a tittering studio audience , a furious Dawn then storms out , screeching : ` I 'm out of here ! ' The moment came towards the end of a stormy show in which the couple had hurled accusations at each other , with Jamie admitting to having sex with one of Dawn 's friends while she took their pet dog for a walk . But following Dawn 's dramatic walkout , Jamie , flanked by a furrow-browed Mr Kyle , insisted that it had all been a huge mistake . Not impressed : She opens the box , takes a look at the ring and then throws it in his face . Heading off : Dawn then storms off the stage , screeching : ` I 'm out of here ! ' ` It was one mistake , ' he explained . Blaming his refusal to take the lie detector test on his MS , he continued : . ` It was not my decision to not do the lie detector . The friend I had sex with was a one off . ' But his pleas fell on deaf ears , with a sobbing Dawn going on to reveal that she had also had a fling with someone else . ` Twice you went behind my back , ' shouted a furious Jamie . ` I made one mistake . ' Having been advised to ` put up or move on ' by Mr Kyle , the couple left the show with no plans to marry in the near future . Pleading : Jamie then attempts to remonstrate with Dawn and apologises for cheating . Bombshell : Dawn then drops a bombshell of her own and admits to doing a spot of cheating herself .