A farmer has lost a nine-year legal battle to save the dream home he built without planning permission and hid behind hay bales for four years . Robert Fidler , 66 , secretly constructed the mock-Tudor castle complete with battlements and cannons and lived there with his family from 2002 . He unveiled it officially in 2006 when he thought he would be able to exploit a legal loophole that prevents enforcement action against a structure if no objections have been made for at least four years . Scroll down for video . Robert Fidler has lost a nine-year legal battle to save the dream home -LRB- above -RRB- he built in Salfords , Surrey , without planning permission and hid behind hay bales for four years . But the local authority immediately laid siege by refusing to grant retrospective permission . Now , after numerous court appearances costing tens of thousands of pounds , Communities and Local Government Secretary Eric Pickles has finally ruled the four-bedroom home on Green Belt land at Honeycrocks Farm in Salfords , Surrey -- worth well in excess of £ 1million if sold on the open market - must be pulled down within 90 days . Mr Fidler yesterday compared the situation to an artist being made to destroy a piece of work . ` It would be like Rembrandt being asked to rip up his masterpiece of an oil painting or something for me to demolish it , ' he complained . He added : ` I do n't think I have any choice , to be honest . What they 're saying now is if I do n't demolish it in 90 days they 'll put me in prison . ' Mr Fidler started as a tenant farmer at Honeycrock Farm in the 1970s and bought the farmyard and ten acres of land in 1985 . There was no farmhouse , however , so from 2000 he began building the house around two grain silos at a cost of £ 50,000 . Features include weathered brick and stone , carved wooden pillars and beams and a stained-glass dome above the stairwell . The 66-year-old used dozens of hay bales , blue tarpaulin and tyres to hide the house -LRB- above -RRB- from 2002 to 2006 . Mr Fidler , pictured -LRB- above -RRB- outside the house , compared the situation to an artist being made to destroy a piece of work . Mr Fidler and his wife , Linda , went to such lengths to hoodwink locals and the authorities that they kept their son Harry , now 14 , off playschool on the day his class were due to paint scenes of their homes . ` We could n't have him drawing a big blue haystack -- people might have asked questions , ' Mrs Fidler explained previously . Neighbours expressed anger at the brazenness of the plan when the property 's existence was declared . One said : ` It was a complete shock when the hay came down and this castle was in its place . Everyone else has to abide by planning laws , so why should n't they ? ' Reigate and Banstead Borough Council served an enforcement notice requiring it be razed to the ground , claiming the four-year period after which the building would be allowed to stay was void as no one had been able to see it . Mr Fidler , who has five children from a previous marriage , appealed to the Planning Inspectorate which found in favour of the council because the property had not been ` substantially complete ' for the four years required . Mr Fidler and his wife , Linda -LRB- above -RRB- , went to such lengths to hoodwink locals and the authorities that they kept their son Harry , now 14 , off playschool on the day his class were due to paint scenes of their homes . The four-bedroom house , complete with chandeliers , would be worth well in excess of £ 1million if sold on the open market - but it must be pulled down within 90 days . Features include weathered brick and stone , carved wooden pillars and beams , and a stained-glass dome above the stairwell . This was a reference to the bales and tarpaulins that had been used to conceal it , meaning the project had effectively continued after 2002 . The farmer then took his case to the High Court in 2009 and to the Court of Appeal the following year , both of which dismissed his challenge . Further delays were caused when he submitted applications for the house to be retained for agricultural use . He claimed it was needed to provide accommodation for a worker in connection with a beef farming business on the site . These were rejected by the Planning Inspectorate last year but another appeal was heard in a Public Inquiry before Eric Pickles , the Secretary of State for Communities and Local Government , intervened and dismissed the claim , which raised ` important or novel issues of development control and/or legal difficulties . ' A council spokesman yesterday said it had a ` duty ' to uphold planning rules designed to protect the Green Belt . He added : ` The Secretary of State 's decision demonstrates that people who ignore planning rules for the good of everyone are likely to find themselves in this unfortunate position . '