Winemakers have been accused of fighting new EU regulations on revealing the calorie count on their labels because it will reveal that a bottle of red has the same as six digestives . The European Parliament is set to vote to close the current loophole , which sees all alcoholic drinks exempt from having to reveal nutritional value on their labels , next week . However , European winemakers argue that introducing nutritional labelling would lead to an intolerable rise in production costs , and hit smaller vineyards . Closing the loophole : The European Parliament is set to vote on whether alcoholic beverages must include calorie counts on their labels . Under current EU regulations , producers of alcoholic drinks are not obliged to reveal the nutritional value of their products on the label . According to The Times , winemakers fear a fall in sales if consumers realise that ` a bottle of red wine has about the same amount of calories as half a packet of digestive biscuits ' . But representatives of the European wine industry say the regulation would be devastating for smaller producers . As sugar and calorie levels varies with each vintage , this wound mean annual tests to provide accurate nutritional labelling . ` Obligatory nutritional labelling would lead to an intolerable rise in production costs , ' said Aurora Abad , policy officer for the Comité Européen des Entreprises Vins , the wine industry 's European body , told The Times . Fighting back : Winemakers say that introducing nutritional labelling would mean annual tests to extablish calories of each vintage , leading to a rise in production costs that would mainly hit smaller vineyards . Ms Abad also said that as the nutritional value of a bottle of wine changes with age , the calories on the label would not be the same down the line . The European Commission was set to vote on whether to force producers of alcoholic drinks to display nutritional value on their labels in December , but the vote was delayed . Consumer and health organisations who have been pushing for a close of the loophole for alcoholic beverages say it 's crucial to include calories on wine , beer and spirits so consumers can make ` informed choices ' . ` At present consumers can have complete information about what is in a bottle of milk or fruit juice , but not a bottle of whisky or beer . We consider this unacceptable , ' Monique Goyens , director-general of the European Consumer Organisation , said in a letter to the commission seen by the Times . This follows last year 's calls from Britain 's Royal Society for Public Health -LRB- RSPH -RRB- that labelling is needed in order to tackle obesity . Counting calories : Consumer and health organisations want wine producers to include calories on their bottles so drinkers can make ` informed choices ' RSPH chief executive Shirley Cramer said : ` Calorie labelling has been successfully introduced for a wide range of food products and there is now a clear public appetite for this information to be extended to alcohol to help individuals make informed choices . ` With two in three adults overweight or obese , and given that adults who drink get approximately 10 % of their calories from alcohol , this move could make a major difference to waistlines of the nation . ' A poll in November 2014 found that a majority of UK adults either did not know or underestimated the number of calories in a glass of wine and a pint of lager . Alcohol contains seven calories per gram . A large glass of white wine -LRB- 250 ml -RRB- contains on average 185 calories , a glass of champagne around 90 calories , a pint of lager some 180 calories while a double vodka and tonic around 145 calories .