From the lack of sleep to breastfeeding , becoming a mother for the first time is no mean feat . One new mother decided to start a blog called Upfront Mama detailing the trials and tribulations of raising her little girl Poppy , 14 months , who , she says , is the best and most life changing thing that has ever happened to her . Like so many new mothers , Nicola Bonn , 34 , from London was learning on the job and found the whole experience ` exciting yet utterly petrifying ' . Scroll down for video . Nicola Bonn , 34 , from London , started a candid blog called Upfront Mama detailing the trials and tribulations of raising her little girl Poppy , 14 months , and many of her posts have gone viral . She wanted to share all the things that she had learnt so that fellow mothers would n't feel as ` clueless ' as she did . One of her blog posts , Why We Need to Stop Justifying Ourselves , went viral - no doubt thanks to her candid account of bringing up a baby for the first time . Here , she shares it with FEMAIL ... ` Since becoming a mama I 've spent way too much time explaining myself and almost apologising for my decisions and I 've decided that it has to stop . ` The problem is that when you have a baby , everyone has an opinion and they 're often not afraid to air it which can be quite overwhelming for a new mother who is less experienced than the ` advice giver ' and is most probably filled with high levels of self doubt . Nicola , 34 , wanted to share all the things that she had learnt so that fellow mothers would n't feel as ` clueless ' as she did , and admits that since becoming a mother , she 's spent way too much time explaining herself and almost apologising for her decisions - and she 's decided that it has to stop . She believes one of the main hurdles is that everyone has an opinion and they 're often not afraid to air it , which . she says , can be quite overwhelming for a new mother who is less experienced . ` Over the past year , countless people have questioned decisions that I have made . They always do it in this seemingly innocent but quite obviously judgemental way that is hair-pullingly irritating and invariably follow it with a comment about what they might do better . ` Off the top of my head , here are some examples : . 1 . You 're still feeding Poppy milk when she wakes up during the night ? Oh I would n't do that . . she 's far too old . 2 . You rock her to sleep ? Do you not think she should be self settling at this age ? 3 . You encourage her to play with her food ? Is n't that encouraging bad manners ? 4 . You do n't breast feed ? You do know that it really is best for bonding ? 5 . You take her on the underground ? It 's full of germs . Why do you do that ? ` Instead of doing what I should and saying ` yes I do ' in a firm but polite way and ending the conversation there , I always go into great detail about why I do these things . ` No , I do n't breast feed because I find it really tough . I tried but I could n't do it and it was actually affecting the bonding process . I do express though ... lots and it 's exhausting but I do it because I 'm trying to do my best . Nicola often finds other mothers saying to her : ` You encourage her to play with her food ? Is n't that encouraging bad manners ? ' but says she has to believe in the choices that she makes on a daily basis because if she starts doubting herself then it wo n't do anyone any good ... least of all Poppy . ` Yes , I sometimes rock her to sleep because she loves it and it helps her to settle . I know it 's probably not advisable at her age but it means that she goes to sleep faster and I 'm knackered and I need a break and a glass of wine ASAP ! ` Yes , I take her on the underground . I ca n't drive and that 's how we get around and she loves it . It 's not as if she 's actually licking the floor ... well even if she does it ca n't be as bad as the toddler who licked the loo brush in Mc Donalds and he did n't die did he ? ` Why do I do this ? Why ca n't I just believe in my instinct and decisions ? None of them have been taken lightly , there is a reason for all of them and as a mother , I have to believe in the choices that I make on a daily basis because if I start doubting myself then it wo n't do anyone any good ... least of all Poppy . Nicola says that the next time women feel judged for a decision that they have made concerning their child , they should n't explain themselves because , after all , they know their child better than anyone else does . ` I 'm the first person to ask for advice when I need it and I often do . ` In fact , I think that one of the most beautiful things about motherhood is women passing on wisdom that they have learnt from generation to generation . It creates a magical bond amongst us that makes you proud to be a female and more importantly a mother . But , there is a difference between kindly passing on wisdom and questioning and judging fellow mamas . ` So , next time we feel judged for a decision that we have made concerning our child , let 's not explain ourselves . ` Instead , let 's believe in what we are doing and keep doing it . We know our children better than anyone else does and we are their mothers and that counts for everything ! ' .