PSV Eindhoven beat Heerenveen 4-1 to win the Dutch championship on Saturday for the first time in seven seasons . PSV 's victory put them on 79 points and beyond the reach of second-placed Ajax Amsterdam , who have lost their title after four successive years as champions . Striker Luuk de Jong scored two headed goals in the opening period , the first inside three minutes as hosts PSV eased the nerves around the Philips Stadion with a fast start . PSV Eindhoven won there first Eredivisie title in seven years after beating Heerenveen 4-1 on Saturday . The Dutch league 's leading scorer Memphis Depay took his tally to 20 for the season when he made it 2-0 midway through the first half with a stunning free kick . Heerenveen midfielder Joey van den Berg pulled a goal back for his side before De Jong restored the two-goal advantage just before halftime and Luciano Narsingh added a fourth late on . It is a 22nd league championship for PSV , who are second only to Ajax -LRB- 33 titles -RRB- in the Netherlands . Luuk de Jong scored two headed first half goals to put his side in control at the Philips Stadion . Memphis Depay -LRB- left -RRB- , who scored a terrific free-kick , and Georgino Wijnaldum celebrate with the shield . Bottom side Dordrecht moved closer to relegation following a 3-0 loss at Vitesse Arnhem . Dordrecht trail Go Ahead Eagles , above them in the relegation playoff position , by seven points with three games left to play . Valeri Kazaishvili scored two and Renato Ibarra got the other for fourth-placed Vitesse . AZ Alkmaar , in fifth , ensured they would be involved in the Europa League playoffs at least with a 3-1 home win over ADO Den Haag . PSV 's players pose for photos with the shield as they sealed the title with an impressive performance . Serbian midfielder Nemanja Gudelj netted a brace and teenage defender Derrick Luckassen grabbed his first senior goal as the home side coasted to a comfortable win in the end . Portuguese striker Wilson Eduardo had equalised for the visitors 10 minutes into the second period .