Anti-Semitic attacks surged worldwide by 38 per cent last year , with the highest number of incidents occurring in France , an annual study has revealed . The report , by Tel Aviv University 's Kantor Center for the Study of Contemporary European Jewry , said 766 violent anti-Semitic acts were carried out around the world last year - marking a huge increase from the previous year . Arson , vandalism and direct threats against Jews , synagogues and other Jewish institutions were included in the figure , making 2014 the worst year for such attacks since 2009 . The study said : ` The overall feeling among many Jewish people is one of living in an intensifying anti-Jewish environment that has become not only insulting and threatening , but outright dangerous . In particular , it cited ` alarming reports especially from Western Europe and North America ' . Anger in Western Europe over Israel 's military offensive in the Gaza Strip last July and August , as well as anti-Jewish caricatures in the media and social networks had helped to turn anti-Semitism into an ` almost daily phenomena seen and felt in every sphere of life ' , the report said . In France , the number of anti-Semitic attacks rose to 164 in 2014 compared with 141 in 2013 . In January this year , four hostages were killed in a Paris kosher supermarket in violence that began when Islamist militants carried out a massacre in the office of the Charlie Hebdo satirical weekly . Britain registered 141 violent incidents against Jews in 2014 , after 95 a year earlier . In one of the most serious attacks a victim was called a ` Jewish c *** ' and then hit with a glass and a baseball bat in London . In Manchester , a man was knocked off his bike and kicked while on the ground by a group of youths who called him a ` Jew ' . In January this year , four hostages were killed in a Paris kosher supermarket in an anti-Semitic attack . The violence began when Islamist militants carried out a massacre in the office of Charlie Hebdo magazine . And a Jewish girl had deodorant sprayed in her face by a 12-year-old fellow pupil who said to her ` gas the Jews ' at a school in Edinburgh . The number of anti-Semitic acts in Germany and Italy more than doubled , to 76 and 23 respectively . In Western Europe in particular , the study said , ` the issue is not only a matter of having more security means provided by the respective states , but rather the ability to lead a full Jewish life ... especially under heavy police and even army protection ' . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu stoked controversy in February when he called for ` mass immigration ' of European Jews to Israel following a deadly shooting at a synagogue in Denmark . Under Israel 's Law of Return , anyone with at least one Jewish grandparent has a right of immigration to Israel and , once there , can receive Israeli citizenship automatically .