A photojournalist who grew up in an ultra orthodox Jewish home in Israel has revealed the intriguing rituals , ceremonies and customs performed by his community in a series of images . Yaakov Naumi 's fascinating photographs include a man lying in a grave to prolong life , a chicken being walked on a piece of string and men tying a rope to a bride and dancing around her . Naumi , 32 , who was raised in the Israeli town of Bnei Brak and educated in an ultra orthodox school , admitted that some of the rituals , when viewed with the eyes of an outsider , ` look strange ' . Scroll down for video . A Jewish man lies in an open grave that 's had a body removed from it in a ritual that he believes will help prolong his life . A strictly orthodox rabbi dances the ` mitzvah tantz ' at the wedding of his grand-daughter in Bnei Brak . He 's not allowed to touch the bride at any point . According to the Jewish holy Torah , it is prohibited to touch a woman to whom you are not married . A ceremony - known as a ` tisch ' - to commemorate Jews being rescued from a genocidal act in ancient Persia . A Jewish woman walking a chicken with a piece of rope . She will then have swung the chicken over her head in a ritual to transfer her sins of the past year to the animal . Writing for Flash90.com , he said : ` Over time I learned to step out of my perspective and look at them -LSB- rituals and customs -RSB- with different eyes , with the eyes of an outsider . Then , even the simplest ceremony looks strange . ` But no doubt , I was born and raised haredi -LSB- ultra orthodox -RSB- which allows me to understand and follow external appearances and corresponding behaviours . ` Over time I realised that when Western culture touches upon haredi culture , then the haredim appear to themselves as strange . ' Naumi trained as a photojournalist with the haredi press , Behadrey Haredim , and revealed that despite his ultra orthodox background , his work there meant he encountered rituals and traditions that he 'd never seen before . Hundreds of orthodox Jews snaking around in a dance in Jerusalem to protest against a government proposal to make military service in the Haredi community compulsory . Dozens of hands reach for a baby in a ritual known as ` pidyon ha ben ' . It 's taking place in Bnei Brak and its purpose is to redeem the baby . Jewish men perform the Tashlich ritual , where they throw food into a body of water to cast out their sins . This ceremony is called the ` Redemption of the first born donkey ' and sees a donkey and a sheep decorated in pearls . Thousands of orthodox Jews gathered at the funeral of Rabbi Yosef Shalom Elyashiv in Jerusalem . The wedding ceremony of Rabbi Shalom Rokach to Hana Batya Pener was attended by tens of thousands of orthodox Jews . The Israeli flag is burnt at the ` Lag Ba'Omer ritual which commemorates the death of the 2nd-century Jewish miracle worker Rabbi Shimon Bar Yochai . He added : ` My purpose with this series is not to show the haredi as odd , but instead to empower the essence of their rituals . ' One of the most striking images in the series is that of a rabbi dancing the ` mitzvah tantz ' at a wedding . The ritual sees a rope tied to a bride and a rabbi , plus the fathers and brothers of the groom , dance around her . It 's important that they do n't come into contact with her at any point , as they follow a teaching in the Jewish holy Torah that says that touching a woman you 're not married to is prohibited . Another image shows a Jewish woman walking a chicken with a piece of rope . She will then have swung the chicken over her head in a ritual to transfer her sins of the past year to the animal . Four plant species - palm stalk , citrus , myrtle and willow branches - are held during the ` Hoshana Rabbah ' ritual . Strictly Orthodox children of the chassidic Nadvorna dynasty attend a `` chumash '' party celebrating receiving the first book of the ` Torah ' , the Jewish written law . A young boy peers through the stands where strictly Orthodox Jews gathered for the traditional Jewish wedding of Chananya Yom Tov Lipa , the great-grandson of the Rabbi of the Wiznitz Hasidic followers , in the town of Bnei Brak . Strictly Orthodox Jews gather for the traditional Jewish wedding of Chananya Yom Tov Lipa , the great-grandson of the Rabbi of the Wiznitz Hasidic followers , in the town of Bnei Brak . Strictly Orthodox Jews follow an ancient Biblical command and harvest wheat with a hand sickle in a field near the central Israeli town of Modi'in . They will store the wheat for almost a year and then use it to grind flour to make unleavened bread for the week-long Jewish holiday of Passover . A strictly Orthodox Jew of the Lelov Chassidic dynasty whips another strictly orthodox man with a leather strap as a symbolic punishment for their sins as they perform the traditional Malkot ceremony in a synagogue in the town of Bet Shemeshm . Strictly Orthodox Jewish women wearing full covering as a means of modesty walk through the neighborhood of Meah Shearim . To Westerners , lying in an open grave , meanwhile , would be shocking behaviour . But for strictly orthodox Jews , it 's a practice they believe will lengthen life . Naumi photographed a man in white overalls peacefully lying in an open grave from which a body had been taken out . The photojournalist also produced pictures of a dance taking place during the Jewish holiday of ` Purim ' . He caught the performers kneeling head to head on a table and it seems at first that they may be wrestling . They are in fact taking part in a ceremony -- known as a ` tisch ' - to commemorate Jews being rescued from a genocidal act in ancient Persia . A dance is also the subject of another image that 's just as captivating . It shows hundreds of orthodox Jews snaking around in a dance in Jerusalem to protest against a government proposal to make military service in the Haredi community compulsory . Naumi said that if his photographs make someone stop and ask ` what is this ? ' , then he has succeeded .