From working late to boring marriages and just not being in love any more , there 's no end to the excuses deployed by cheating spouses to get themselves off the hook . But one man has taken the art of the creative excuse to a new level and claimed his sexually transmitted disease was the result of car exhaust rather than cheating , according to his ex . 33-year-old Stuart , had , said ex-girlfriend Sophie , offered up the novel excuse when accused of cheating after discovering that she had mysteriously contracted chlamydia . Scroll down for video . Car exhaust : Stuart , pictured with ` wife ' Linda , claimed to have picked up chlamydia from a car exhaust . ` I got a test for chlamydia because I 'm sure he cheated on me , ' fumed Sophie during an appearance on the Jeremy Kyle Show . ` I 've stopped him seeing the kids because he has n't paid for them , and he keeps threatening me . ' ` He said he caught chlamydia from the car -- from the exhaust pipe of the car . ' Unbeknown to Sophie , Stuart was sitting backstage with his new ` wife ' Linda and burst onto the stage to deny he had ever used the bizarre excuse . ` I never said that ! ' he insisted . Unfortunately , Stuart 's appearance did n't quite go as planned with host Kyle unearthing a series of lies that belied his denial . Furious : The claim was made by ex-girlfriend Sophie who was outraged to find she also had the STD . Falling apart : Stuart 's many falsehoods were swiftly unpicked by host Jeremy Kyle . Along with falsely claiming to be a paramedic , he also accused Sophie of attacking his new love Linda when in fact neither were true . Linda , although described by Stuart as his ` wife ' , turned out to be a girlfriend instead , having changed her name by deed poll rather than tying the knot . After going on an extended moan about his lack of access to his and Sophie 's children , it also transpired that he had run off with his young son for five weeks . Adding to Stuart 's pain was Sophie 's mother Kathy who accused him of refusing to pay child support and instead proffering a £ 20 note every two weeks .