Bowling Green basketball coach Chris Jans has been fired for acting inappropriately during a drunken night out at a local bar . The university , in Ohio , took action after damning footage emerged of the coach touching an unidentified woman 's behind on March 21 . The married father-of-two was also accused of grabbing a ` woman 's head and moving it toward your crotch ' and calling another woman a ` b **** ' , the same evening . A source told reporters that the incident was so heated a woman slapped him before he was asked to leave . Scroll down for video . Bowling Green basketball coach Chris Jans has been fired after witnesses say he acted ` aggressively and inappropriately ' at an off-campus bar . The university took action after footage emerged of the coach touching an unidentified woman 's behind on March 21 . At least 50 people reportedly saw the coach out of control before being escorted out of the bar . The video , obtained by the Toldeo Blade , was recorded by the woman 's parents . They then wrote a letter to Bowling Green athletics director Christopher Kingston detailing more of his inappropriate behavior . The correspondence , obtained by Deadspin , read : ` While we were enjoying each others company we noticed on several occasions Chris Jans making what seemed to be advances towards several women . ` On one occasion he grabbed a woman 's head and pushed it downwards toward his crotch . ` A Single guy , drunk , we can possibly overlook , but certainly inappropriate for a Head Coach representing my university and most definitely not a married man with two children . I am certain she would not appreciate his behavior . ` As the night continued , we had hoped that the behavior was a fluke or a joke amongst friends ad we continued enjoying each others company until he made advances toward another female , petter her backside and proceeded to as/tell her to walk in front of him so that he could evaluate her assets . ' An assistant coach reportedly helped him out of the local bar in Bowling Green , Ohio . Jans recently led the team to its first postseason win in 40 years . Fox Sports Ohio 's Zac Jackson reported that he 'd been in the bar perhaps three hours and the woman who struck him did not speak with either police or university officials . However a cell phone video of the incident was recorded and upwards of 50 witnesses were in the bar . No charges have been filed . According to The Washington Post , a university press release announced the termination Thursday morning . ` Jans was terminated following an investigation into his recent public conduct , ' the statement read . ` The University concluded that Jans ' public conduct failed to meet his obligations as a head coach and the expectations that BGSU Athletics has for its coaches . ' Jans leaves the school after a single season , taking the team to its first postseason victory in 40 years . His final record there stands at 21-12 . He was formerly an assistant at Wichita State before he signed with Bowling Green . His six year contract was valued at $ 325,000 .