Ronny Deila has warned television broadcasters to stop messing around Scottish football fans . The Celtic boss leads his side into a Scottish Cup semi-final with Inverness at Hampden on Sunday with a 12.15 kick-off . And after a week of turmoil and complaints -- from clubs and supporters -- over the unhealthy sway television has on kick-off times , Deila says the balance of power in the relationship is all wrong . Ronny Deila will take his Celtic side to Hampden Park for the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday . The match will take place at 12:15 , a time that Scottish football fans do not agree with . ` I think TV is an issue that I do n't like in terms of the kick-off times , ' said the Norwegian . ` It should not be TV that controls football -- it should be the opposite . ` It should be about the supporters and the clubs so that they can make money by getting people into the stands - because that is what we live for . ` I understand the economics of it are so important and that television takes over and take control . ` But I do n't like that . It 's not the best for people who like football . ' The SPFL sparked a furious row this week when they put back the final Rangers game of the season by 24 hours for broadcast on Sky Sports -- sparking outright fury from Hibernian and Hearts . Celtic players train at Lennoxtown in preparation for Sunday 's crunch match against Inverness . Deila -LRB- right -RRB- believes that teams should have more of a say on kick-off times , rather than broadcasters . Both capital clubs have lodged formal complaints over the governance of the game , with chief executive Neil Doncaster under pressure ahead of a stormy SPFL AGM on Thursday . At the heart of the problem is the growing fury of fans at being messed around with late changes to kick-off dates and times to facilitate broadcasters offering Scottish football a tiny fraction of the billions paid to English clubs . None of Celtic 's post-split fixtures will be played on a Saturday at 3 pm , forcing season-ticket holders from Ireland and England to cancel or alter their travel plans . ` There are different traditions in different countries , ' added Deila . ` In Norway , we had the best time , which is six o'clock on Sunday , but now they are doing different times . ` In the end , you do n't know when games are going on . ` It 's so hard to plan the weekend with the family and also get to the games . ` If Saturday at 3 pm is the best for Scotland then we should play more at that time . A Celtic scarf displayed outside Celtic Park shows fans ' desire for Deila to win them the treble this season . ` I would also rather play at six in the evening than 12 in the morning . ` I think football should be played at night because then you get a better atmosphere into the arena . ' Addressing concerns that Celtic are being affected more than most through large gaps in the stands , Deila acknowledged : ` It 's a big problem for us . We need supporters to come to the games . We need interest and television needs it , as well . ` If there are no people in the stadiums then it will be more boring to watch . ` I do n't like it that television is telling us when we are playing . We want to set the time ourselves . ` Communication is very important here . It 's the same when I am talking with Peter Lawwell . I want certain things and he wants his things . We both put our points across hard and then we compromise . ` I think it should be the same between the clubs and television . There has to be give and take . ` In this matter , we do n't have much of a say . We have to play most of our games at 12 o'clock and that 's not the best for our supporters . ' Supporting the view of Hearts , Hibs and Rangers that the decision to play the final game of the Championship season 24 hours after the rest was foolish and contrary to ` sporting integrity ' , Deila added : ` In my opinion , in the last two rounds of matches every team should play at the same time so you ca n't play knowing other results . '