A British former car mechanic who joined the Islamic State as an explosives expert and sniper has shared chilling images of his new high-tech bomb-making factory in Syria . Hamayun Tariq , a divorced 37-year-old who was born and raised in Dudley in the West Midlands , shared four images on Twitter of a room where he claims to make devices known as IEDs . Components are seen organised on shelves and instruction manuals and bomb-making equipment neatly laid out on work surfaces in the room , which the father-of-two says he hopes will emerge as ` the best Electronics LAB in the Islamic state ' . Scroll down for video . Well-equipped : British former car mechanic Hamayun Tariq - who joined the Islamic State as an explosives expert and sniper - has shared chilling images of his new high-tech bomb-making factory in Syria . Boastful : Components are seen organised on shelves in the room , which the father-of-two says he hopes will emerge as ` the best Electronics LAB in the Islamic state ' Tariq 's social media presence rarely last longer than a few days before being suspended as he specialises in posting detailed instructions on how to build bombs . Despite already doing the same on his latest account , the militant has been able to share images of his bomb-making factory , where he boastfully claims to spend time ` producing sophisticated IEDs ' . Terror : Hamayun Tariq is a divorced , 37-year-old father-of-two who was born and raised in Dudley . Tariq - who uses the nom de guerre Abu Muslim al-Britani - has methodically arranged the room into areas for building bombs and areas to check their function . He clearly uses expensive equipment , including high-tech microscopes , laptops and radiation testers while building the IEDs and detailed bomb-making manuals are dotted around the factory . After posting photographs of his ` laboratory ' , the jihadi wrote on Twitter : ` IEDs is my favourite weapon after Sniping , u hit the enemy & disappear in thin air just like a Ghost . Its a Must ' . Tariq served a sentence for fraud in the UK before joining ISIS in Syria late last year . Shortly after joining the terrorist group he began posting detailed explosive-making instructions and encouraging ` lone wolves ' still living in the West to carry out deadly bomb attacks . Tariq has previously posted under various Twitter handles but he is usually suspended rarely quickly thanks to bomb-making guides and sickening calls for terror attacks in the UK . He regularly posted photographs of handwritten instructions explaining how to assemble crude explosive devices and listing the chemicals needed to create deadly poisons . Chilling : Hamayun Tariq - who uses the nom de guerre Abu Muslim al-Britani - has methodically arranged the room into areas for building bombs and areas to check their functionality . Sick : Tariq served a sentence for fraud in the UK before joining ISIS in Syria last year . He soon began posting detailed explosive-making instructions and encouraging ` lone wolves ' to carry out deadly bomb attacks . ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi has been seriously injured in an air strike and is no longer in control of the terrorist group , according to an Iraqi source . The source said that he was wounded by an attack from the US-led coalition while travelling in a three-car convoy in March in Nineveh , Iraq . At first his chances of survival were deemed by his lieutenants to be low , but he pulled through . However , he was left so weakened that his inner circle reportedly mooted the idea of naming a new leader . He is slowly recovering but does not have the reins of the organisation , according to The Guardian . Two officials confirmed to the paper that the strike on the convoy did indeed take place , on March 18 in the al-Baaj district of Nineveh , not far from the Syrian border . One , a Western diplomat , told the paper that Coalition generals were n't sure whether al-Baghdadi was in the convoy . Tariq 's Twitter rants appear to have been in retaliation for him allegedly having his British passport revoked in 2013 . One of his most widely shared messages was a sarcastic note of ` thanks ' to Home Secretary Theresa May for ` revoking my British citizenship ' . Alongside the message was page after page of bomb-making material from a 2006 terrorist manual named the Mujahideen Explosives Handbook . Tariq previously claimed to have encountered up to 40 other British nationals in his first seven weeks as an ISIS fighter in Syria , according to the Guardian , who spoke to him via Twitter 's private messaging function on a now disabled account . Describing himself as ` really happy ' to have joined the terror group , he reportedly added that he had also met a ` fixer ' who was smuggling 1,000 new recruits into ISIS-held areas of Syria every week . He reportedly told the newspaper that he first embraced radical Islam in 2000 . Tariq was arrested for fraud in Wolverhampton in 2005 but fled to Pakistan to avoid the case going to trial . He was deported back to Britain two years later and served three and a half years in prison . He claims to have left Britain immediately after his release in 2012 and moved to the Waziristan region of north west Pakistan , where he joined the local Taliban branch . Expensive : Hamayun Tariq clearly uses expensive equipment , including high-tech microscopes , laptops and radiation testers while building the IEDs and detailed bomb-making manuals are dotted around the factory . One of Tariq 's most widely shared messages was this sarcastic note of ` thanks ' to Home Secretary Theresa May for ` revoking my British citizenship ' . Alongside the message posted on this long-disabled account was a copy of bomb-making material from a 2006 terrorist manual named the Mujahideen Explosives Handbook . In September or early October Tariq is understood to have been contacted by ISIS fixers who paid for his transport to join the terror group in Syria . He was trained as a sniper before moving on to specialise in explosives - a subject he has been interested in since studying for a GCSE in Science in the mid-1990s . Tariq described his new life under ISIS as far more comfortable than that in Pakistan . ` Life was tough in Waziristan but here I ca n't believe I get a salary , I get rent . They even paid for my transport . I 'm really happy here and all the guys I 've met from the UK are also happy and settled , ' he was quoted as saying . The Home Office would not speak about Tariq 's claim that his passport had been cancelled , saying they could not comment on individual cases . However they did add that in a broader sense any individual who has conducted himself ` in a manner seriously prejudicial to the vital interests of the UK ' can have their citizenship revoked . The Home Office has said there are at least 500 Britons fighting for ISIS in Syria and Iraq , although a number of experts believe the real figure is likely to greatly exceed that .