Six Minnesota men have been charged with terrorism in a criminal complaint unsealed Monday , the latest Westerners accused of traveling or attempting to travel to Syria to join the Islamic State group . The six , whom authorities described as friends who met secretly to plan their travels , are accused of conspiracy to provide material support and attempting to provide material support to a foreign terrorist organization . The complaint says the men planned to reach Syria by flying to nearby countries from Minneapolis , San Diego or New York City , and lied to federal investigators when they were stopped . Scroll down for video . Zacharia Yusuf Abdurahman , and Adnan Abdihamid Farah , both 19 , and their four co-accused have been described as close friends who met secretly to plan their travel to Syria . Hanad Mustafe Musse , 19 , and the five other men arrested have been accused of being ` intent ' on joining ISIS . Charged are Mohamed Abdihamid Farah , 21 ; Adnan Abdihamid Farah , 19 ; Abdurahman Yasin Daud , 21 ; Zacharia Yusuf Abdurahman , 19 ; Hanad Mustafe Musse , 19 ; and Guled Ali Omar , 20 . ` These were focused men who were intent on joining a terrorist organization , ' Minnesota U.S. Attorney Andy Luger said at a news conference Monday . The six were arrested Sunday in Minneapolis and San Diego and are scheduled to make initial appearances in federal court on Monday . They are the latest people from Minnesota to be charged in an investigation stretching back months into the recruitment of Westerners by IS . Authorities said earlier that a handful of Minnesota residents have traveled to Syria to fight with militants in the past year , and at least one has died . Three of those charged in the newest complaint - Mohamed Farah , Abdurahman and Musse - were stopped at a New York City airport in November along with 19-year-old Hamza Ahmed , but they were not charged until now . Ahmed was indicted on charges of lying to the FBI during a terrorism investigation , conspiring to provide material support to IS , and attempting to provide material support . He has pleaded not guilty . On Monday , the FBI announced the arrest of six Somali-American men from Minnesota , accused of trying to join ISIS . Above , FBI Special Agent Richard R Thornton details the arrests at a press conference , with U.S. Attorney Andrew M Luger to the left . Despite being stopped already , Luger said , the three others continued to try to get to Syria to join IS ` by any means possible . ' The complaint describes several interactions some of the men had with Abdi Nur , a Minnesota man charged previously with conspiracy to provide support to a terror organization . The complaint says Nur , ` from his locale in Syria , recruits individuals and provides assistance to those who want to leave Minnesota to fight abroad . ' The complaint relies in part on material from a confidential informant who had himself conspired to join IS before he changed his mind and went to authorities . Some of the informant 's conversations with the six men were recorded . The Minneapolis area is home to the largest concentration of Somali immigrants in the U.S. . Since 2007 , more than 22 young Somali men have also traveled from Minnesota to Somalia to join the militant group al-Shabab . Omar 's older brother , Ahmed Ali Omar , was among those who joined al-Shabab , leaving Minnesota in December 2007 , according to the complaint . Ahmed Omar remains a fugitive . It also said when agents went to the younger Omar 's house after he was stopped in San Diego in November , another brother , Mohamed Ali Omar , threatened them .