Advertising entrepreneur John Singleton is selling his breathtaking beach house on the central coast of New South Wales . Situated beside the Killcare Surf Life Saving Club , the luxurious five-bedroom abode offers sweeping views of the Pacific Ocean . Singleton bought 80 Beach Drive for a suburb record of $ 4.25 million in late 2007 , and the agents expect bidding for the May 9 auction to will kick off at $ 3.5 million , reports Property Observer . The entrance to 80 Beach Drive , advertising entrepreneur John Singletons breathtaking beach house . The property offers wide open plan living areas leading onto an undercover front balcony . Singleton bought the five bedroom residence for a suburb record of $ 4.25 million in late 2007 . Designed by esteemed architect Karen Burke and Master-built by Matt Blair , the exquisite design captures the essence of the quintessential Australian beachside holiday home . The skillion roof-lines and extensive glazing frame the dramatic sandstone cliffs of the adjoining National Park . The master suite offers a study , dressing room , bathroom and private deck , overlooking a small waterfall and landscaped bushland . The lower level offers two more king sized bedrooms as well as a teenager 's retreat with four bunk beds and a separately contained living area or media room . The master suite offers a bathroom and private deck overlooking a small waterfall and landscaped bushland . The skillion roof-lines and extensive glazing frame the dramatic sandstone cliffs of the adjoining National Park . The exquisite design captures the essence of the quintessential Australian beachside holiday home . A one-bedroom cabin fit with a bathroom , kitchenette , living area and sandstone courtyard . Set apart from the main residence is an additional one-bedroom cabin with bathroom , kitchenette , living area and sandstone courtyard . The property has been managed as a luxury holiday house by The Bells Boutique Hotel Group since Mr Singleton choosing to stay at his New South Wales Central Coast Mt White stud farm . The property still holds a suburb record of $ 4.25 from 2007 , with the highest sale since then being $ 2.7 million . The property has been managed as a luxury holiday house by The Bells Boutique Hotel Group since Mr Singleton choosing to stay at his farm , also on the Central Coast . The five king sized bedrooms offer views of the beach and the neighbouring national park . The property still holds a suburb record of $ 4.25 from 2007 , with the highest sale since then being $ 2.7 million .