Gruesome death rituals performed 1,200 years ago have been uncovered in dozens of tombs in Peru 's Cotahuasi Valley . Each tomb was filled with bones of up to 60 mummies , with infants kept in small containers , and others repeatedly ripped to pieces while decomposing . Archaeologists have so far opened up seven of the tombs , recovering 171 broken mummies from the ancient ceremonial site known as Tenahaha . Gruesome death rituals performed 1,200 years ago have been uncovered in dozens of tombs in Peru 's Cotahuasi Valley . Pictured is the burial of a young woman found in the middle of one of the tombs . Analysis of her skeletal remains reveal that she suffered dental problems , including the loss of teeth . ` When we think of the dead , we bury the relative and that 's it , ' Justin Jennings , a curator at Toronto 's Royal Ontario Museum told DailyMail.com . ` But back then , in the Andes , you continued to interact with those folks . People were moving bodies around all the time . ' The mummies in the tombs ranged in age from several days old to the elderly . But over the years rats had eaten away many of the remains , leaving only fragments . In one tomb , researchers discovered 400 isolated human body parts , including teeth , hands and feet . The few mummies that remained intact were bound by rope and placed in a foetal position . The mummies in the tombs ranged in age from several days old to the elderly . But over the years rats had eaten away at many of the remains . This image shows three vessels found by the feet of an individual . The mummies were buried with a variety of items including some beautifally decorated ceramic , pictured . Pictured is the partial skull of an individual found in one of the seven opened tombs . The dead , numbering in the low thousands , towered over the living from in their tombs high on the hills around the valley . ` On occasion , there were mummies that were placed as offerings around the outside of the tombs , ' said Jennings . The Middle Horizon period -LRB- A.D. 600 -- 1000 -RRB- was a time of sweeping cultural change in the Andes . Archaeologists have long associated this period with the expansion of the Wari state in the south-central Andes and coastal area of modern-day Peru . Along with their expansion , came widespread violence . Skull fragments in some areas of their territory reveal that 50 per cent had dents in their heads caused by violent blows . Pottery in these areas were etched with drawings of fanged teeth and human trophy skulls . But Tenahaha was believed to have been a relatively peaceful area in Peru at that time . In Tenahaha , only one per cent of skulls had dents . The pottery at the site is also decorated with what looks like depictions of people smiling . Tenahaha may have served as a ` neutral ground ' where people could bury their dead and feast . ` They were broken apart but then placed back together in an anatomically correct position . ' Scientists are still trying to understand why some of the mummies and artefacts were broken up in this way . One theory is that the movement of the mummies may have helped create a sense of equality among the community . There is also evidence that the rituals went on for days at a time , with parties being held in the valley below the tombs . Jennings said that the dead , likely numbering in the low thousands , towered over the living from in their tombs high on the hills around the valley . ` It seems to be a place where people were bringing down their dead to that location , ' said Jennings . ` They were having parties . There is evidence that they were making and drinking corn beer , and placing offerings underneath them . ' But he adds that the picture remains blurry , as the rituals were performed over many years , and likely changed during that time . A study of pottery at the site suggests it was used between about A.D. 800 and A.D. 1000 , with the Inca settling there 500 years later . Tenahaha was believed to have been a relatively peaceful area in Peru during those years . Pictured is a dismembered mummy . A tupu , which was an artifact that could have been used to fasten clothing , fell through this mummy 's rib cage when it was moved . Tenahaha appears to have been created as a place where people from nearby villages could feast . Parties , that lasted for several days at a time , were often held in the valley below the tombs . This image shows a storage area where food for feasting could have been kept . Pictured are some of the decorated cups found in the tombs . Human hands , lines , dots and happy faces can be seen . Pottery found in other parts of Peru had more gruesome images , largely due to a culture of violence . The wider area , however , was undergoing dramatic change , with populations growing , agriculture expanding and class differences emerging . At this time , the Wari was being established in the south-central Andes and coastal area of modern-day Peru . And with it came widespread violence . Skull fragments on the islands close by revealed that 50 per cent had dents in their heads caused by violent blows . Pottery in these areas were etched with drawings of fanged teeth and human trophy skulls . In Tenahaha , only one per cent of skulls had dents . The pottery at the site is also decorated with what looks like depictions of people smiling . Jennings believe Tenahaha may have served as a ` neutral ground ' where people could bury their dead and feast . ` We have finished the excavations , and we 're now trying to look at a different sites nearby during the same period to understand the relationship , ' Jennings added . Cotahuasi Canyon near the city of Arequipa in Peru is the deepest canyon in the world , and a site of archaeological significance . The canyon is an impressive chasm that the river has eroded between two enormous mountain massifs : the Coropuna and the Sulimana . Scientists are still trying to understand reasons why some of the mummies and artefacts were broken up in this way . One theory is that the movement of the mummies may have helped create a sense of equality among the community . Pictured is the Cotahuasi Valley .