Lady Penelope -LRB- left -RRB- and her faithful chauffeur Aloysius Parker -LRB- right -RRB- have been given slight tweaks for the 2015 remake of Thunderbirds . FIVE . FOUR . THREE . TWO . ONE . Thunderbirds are Go ! Again ! Yes , 50 years after the futuristic puppet show launched and landed all over the world , ITV is bringing it back . However , the jerky puppets that rescued the world from all kinds of disaster have been replaced by computer-generated figures . In a nod to 21st-century political correctness , there are also more women and several multicultural characters have been added . Geeky scientist Brains has lost his bow tie for an open-neck shirt and has been given an Indian accent . Even Lady Penelope and her faithful chauffeur Aloysius Parker have been given slight tweaks for 2015 . Lady Penelope is this time voiced by Gone Girl actress Rosamund Pike . She has also lost the twin-set and pearls and looks a much more modern , dressed down lady secret agent . Parker , meanwhile , returns with his original voice , that of 89-year-old David Graham , but has dropped his chauffeur uniform and sports a roll-neck sweater . His new look is completed by swept-back , grey-streaked hair . Thunderbirds aired here between 1964 and 1966 and repeated in 1992 and 2002 . There were 32 50-minute episodes over two series , shown in 66 countries . The show spawned a merchandising frenzy , with more than 3,000 Thunderbirds products , from puppets and lunchboxes to T-shirts , so much so that December 1966 was dubbed Thunderbirds Christmas . This is not , however the first attempt at a remake . Thunderbirds , a 2004 Working Title film with real actors -LRB- including Ben Kingsley as arch-villain The Hood -RRB- , was an unmitigated disaster , losing almost £ 20 million at the box office . Even Gerry Anderson , the show 's co-creator , called it ` the biggest load of c ** p ' he had seen and rejected an offer of £ 400,000 for just going to the premiere . ` Remaking something as iconic as Thunderbirds means that your feelings of excitement are mixed with apprehension because you do n't want to do anything to tarnish it , ' says Giles Ridge , the show 's executive producer . ` We did n't want to mess too much with Thunderbirds but needed to make it in a way that would excite 21st-century children . ' In a nod to 21st-century political correctness , there are also more women and several multicultural characters have been added . As with the original , at the heart of Thunderbirds are the five gung-ho Tracy brothers , all named after real astronauts on America 's Mercury space mission in the early 1960s : Scott -LRB- Carpenter -RRB- , John -LRB- Glenn -RRB- , Virgil -LRB- Grissom -RRB- , Gordon -LRB- Cooper -RRB- and Alan -LRB- Shephard -RRB- . Their mission is to save the world through their secret organisation International Rescue . Inspired by their widower billionaire father Jeff , -LRB- a stalwart of the original series but missing in this -RRB- they live on Tracy Island in the middle of the South Pacific in 2065 . Lady Penelope -LRB- pictured as a puppet -RRB- has lost the twin-set and pearls and looks a much more modern , dressed down lady secret agent in the new remake . When they hear of trouble anywhere on the planet their swimming pool slides open to allow a rocket -LRB- Thunderbird 1 -RRB- to take off . There are also an aircraft carrier , submarine and spaceship based on the island . The original show was made on a factory estate in Slough , Berkshire , on a shoestring budget , but the new production team spans the globe . Main writer Rob Hoegee is in Los Angeles but watches script readings on Skype . Peter Jackson 's animation workshop Weta in New Zealand made the 26 episodes -LRB- a further 26 are already commissioned -RRB- using a mixture of live action and computer graphics . Despite all the new technology , the backgrounds are models , including an 18ft-high Tracy Island . Gerry Anderson and his wife Sylvia came up with Thunderbirds after a mining disaster in West Germany in 1963 . On the original show everyone had to multi-task ; for Sylvia that meant voicing Lady Penelope , International Rescue 's London agent . Rosamund Pike says she did n't hesitate when she was offered the role . ` As soon as ITV asked me , ' she says , ` I knew it would be very exciting . ` Lady Penelope often plays up to the frivolous elements of who she is -- a girl who loves clothes , pink cars , little dogs -- to blindside people and conceal what she really is up to at any given point That is usually breaking in somewhere she should n't be , finding secrets in dangerous situations . ' Her car is no longer a Rolls -LRB- no brands are used in children 's television programmes now -RRB- , but thankfully she still has Parker . ` The producers met me for coffee , ' says David Graham . ` I think they wanted to see what sort of shape I 'm in , but I was thrilled to be able to recreate this character . Parker was originally just a minor character , but he eventually became Gerry 's favourite . ' Parker returns with his original voice , that of 89-year-old David Graham , but has dropped his chauffeur uniform -LRB- pictured -RRB- and now sports a roll-neck sweater with swept-back , grey-streaked hair . Parker has retained his distinctive cockney-trying-to-be-snooty accent . David says : ` Gerry took me to lunch and said : `` I want you to listen to the wine waiter . '' So the waiter came over and asked if we would like to see the wine list and he just had this great accent . I 'm not sure he knew we modelled the voice on him . ' There has been a concerted effort to increase the female and multicultural roles in the show to make it appeal to aspirational girls and boys of all races . Merlin actress Angel Coulby plays Kayo , an ` adopted little sister ' to the Tracy brothers who is in charge of security for Tracy Island . Former Casualty actress Adjoa Andoh voices Colonel Casey , commanding officer of the Global Defence Force . Thunderbirds aired here between 1964 and 1966 and repeated in 1992 and 2002 . There were 32 50-minute episodes over two series , shown in 66 countries .