A St. Louis woman is doing all she can to stop the city from tearing down the house that has housed three generations of her family . Charlesetta Taylor , 79 , has lived in her home for 70 years , and was a member of the first African-American family to live in her neighborhood , and now it and 49 others , may be bulldozed . This so the city can make way for a campus for the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency . Scroll down for video . Charlesetta Taylor -LRB- above -RRB- , 79 , may have her home of 70 years torn down by the city of St. Louis . Taylor -LRB- above in the 60s -RRB- was part of the first African-American family in the neighborhood . ` We celebrated everything in here , and there was always something going on , ' she said -LRB- above in front of the home -RRB- . ` We were the first African-American family I know on this block and several other blocks around us , ' Taylor told ABC News about her three-story brick residence . ` It was 1945 , and there was a restrictive covenant restricting where African-Americans could live . But , nonetheless , my father was successful in buying this house for our large family . ' That may all go away though , now that the city needs to keep the NGA , and the 3,000 jobs it provides , in St. Louis . The company creates maps and satellite imagery that is used by the military for national security , among other things . And if residents are not willing to move , the city says it will resort to eminent domain to take their homes . That would not just mean the loss of Taylor 's home , but more importantly the loss of a lifetime of memories . ` We celebrated everything in here , and there was always something going on , ' she said . ` During Christmas , dozens of kids would be here : all my siblings , cousins and , later on , their children and children 's children . ' Taylor is pictured here at age 9 -LRB- in the upper right corner -RRB- with her siblings . The city may also tear down 49 other homes in addition to Taylor 's -LRB- above -RRB- to make sure the NGA does not leave the city , and take the 3,000 jobs it provides . Taylor also pointed out that many of the other people who could lose their residences are elderly , adding ; ` Our homes are not for sale . ' A Change.org petition has been started , and already there are over 90,000 signatures . Three other sites are being considered and a decision is expected in March 2016 . As Taylor says in her petition ; ` We 've lived in this neighborhood for generations and do not want to move . '