Thinking about vacating the White House probably is n't President Obama 's favorite thing to do , but it is n't his impending departure that stresses him the most - it 's the prospect of his eldest daughter leaving 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue and heading off to college that really gets him down . Malia Obama , 16 , is already visiting colleges in preparation for when she heads to school in the fall of 2016 . She has n't even finished high school , but President Obama said the thought of her heading off to college has him crying on a daily basis . Empty nester : President Obama said the thought of Malia , 16 . heading to college has him crying on a daily basis . Ca n't let her go : The 11th grade student -LRB- left -RRB- is already visiting schools and will go to college in the fall of 2016 . So sad : President Obama said he 's ` sad ' and he ` starts tearing up in the middle of the day and I ca n't explain it ' He said on Tuesday during the Easter Prayer Breakfast : ` I start tearing up in the middle of the day and I ca n't explain it , why am I so sad ? ` They 're leaving me . ' The 11th grade student , who attends the private Sidwell Friends School in Washington , D.C. , has already visited at UC Berkeley , Stanford , NYU , Columbia , Harvard , Brown , Princeton , Yale and Wesleyan , the Washington Post reported . Malia 's younger sister Sasha , 13 , wo n't start thinking about college for a few years yet . Obama continued : ` I want to thank everybody here for their prayers , which means so much to me and Michelle , particularly at a time when my daughters are starting to grow up and starting to go on college visits . ` I need prayer . ' Thankfully : Malia 's -LRB- right -RRB- younger sister Sasha , 13 -LRB- center -RRB- , wo n't start thinking about college for a few years yet . If Malia attends Columbia for an undergraduate degree , she will be following in her father 's footsteps . However , based on comments he made in February when he addressed a cybersecurity summit on Stanford 's campus in Palo Alto , California , President Obama might want his daughter to go there . President Obama said of Stanford : ` I 've got to admit , like , I kind of want to go here . ` I was trying to figure out why it is that a really nice place like this is wasted on young people who do n't fully appreciate what you got . ` It 's really nice . And everybody here is so friendly and smart , and it 's beautiful . And what 's there not to like ? ' ` Let 's face it , I like Stanford grads . ' The last president to send a child straight from the White House to college , Bill Clinton , sent daughter Chelsea to Stanford in the fall of 1997 to begin her freshman year . When she graduated in 2001 , Bill and wife Hillary Rodham Clinton were there blowing kisses . He 's cried before : A gushing President Obama broke down in tears the day after winning re-election in 2012 .