Jobless Keith MacDonald -LRB- pictured -RRB- has sired a massive brood with at least ten mothers - and is said to have already cost the taxpayer over £ 2m . The man dubbed ` Britain 's most feckless father ' after having 15 children by the age of 30 is back on the market after he split from his most recent pregnant girlfriend . Jobless Keith MacDonald , 29 , from Sunderland in Tyne and Wear , has sired a massive brood with at least ten mothers - and is estimated to cost the taxpayer over £ 2million . He was set to become a father for the sixteenth time but has revealed he 's split from the unborn child 's mother . MacDonald , of County Durham , says he 's back on the dating market - and the baby in question is not actually his . He said : ` There is no baby - it 's not mine and I 'm single now . ' MacDonald , who has appeared on Jeremy Kyle , says he gets most of his women by chatting them up on the bus . In the past , he bragged : ` It 's easy - they never seem to say no . Just chat them up on the bus . I just pick them up like that . ` That 's what I do and they never seem to say no . If they like you , they like you . Get their number and text them and arrange to meet when you come off the bus . ' Last month he caused a stir when he appeared on Channel 5 documentary 40 Kids by 20 Women . MacDonald told the programme he ca n't find work , partly because he is ` no good at listening ' , and spends most of him time playing computer games . Scroll down for video . He says he finds it hard to meet new women because of his reputation in Sunderland and is shown in the programme going to Birmingham to ` pull girls ' . MacDonald hit the headlines in 2011 when he tried to fake his own death in a bid to shirk responsibility for his ninth child . Macdonald with ex-girlfriend Becky Wright just after she gave birth to his eighth child , Clio , in 2008 . Charlotte Anderson -LRB- left -RRB- with her daughter Kady-Marie Anderson and June Garrick with her son Brendan Garrick -LRB- right -RRB- , all in 2005 . Both children are believed to have been fathered by MacDonald . In November 2012 , he was found guilty by Sunderland magistrates of common assault and stealing from one of his ex-partners after a row over a cheese toastie . The binman 's son was desperate to avoid paying out any more than the £ 5 a week he was putting towards each of his other children . Keith MacDonald : . - Unemployed . - Reportedly receives incapacity benefit for bad back of up £ 68.95 a week and £ 44 income support . - Said to contribute just £ 5 of his weekly income to his children . - The total benefit bill racked up by him and his offspring has been estimated at £ 2million from birth to 18 . He pretended to be one of his friends and sent a text message to his pregnant former girlfriend Clare Bryant , 22 , telling her : ` Keith is dead . ' Miss Bryant , who already had a one-year-old daughter by MacDonald , rang his mobile phone , but there was no answer . She then called the local hospitals and the police , but to no avail . Two weeks passed before Miss Bryant found out that 25-year-old MacDonald was , in fact , alive and well . He sent her a message to apologise and told her that he wanted to ` get away from his life ' . He refuses to use contraception and had fathered six children by the time he turned 20 - including two he claims were conceived on double-decker buses . In 2008 he bragged : ` It 's not my fault - I thought they were all on the pill . Lasses keep on coming up to me . ' Macdonald first became a father at 15 as he left school and has rarely worked since saying he finds it boring . He has previously claimed incapacity allowance for a ` bad back ' . MacDonald was just one of several feckless fathers to gain infamy after appearing in 40 Kids by 20 Women . Michael Holpin , a 56-year-old unemployed alcoholic from Ebbw Vale , South Wales , became an unlikely TV star after appearing in the documentary . He claims to have 40 children by 20 women - and says while he would not recognise many of his offspring in the street , he wants more . Now engaged again , the three-times married man keeps track of their names with an ever-growing family tree tattooed on his back . In 2012 MacDonald was found guilty of common assault and stealing after a row over a cheese toastie .