Louis van Gaal wants Danny Ings to form a central part of his Manchester United rebuilding this summer . High-placed sources at Old Trafford have confirmed their interest in a player who is also being strongly pursued by fierce rivals Liverpool . The futures of Robin Van Persie and Radamel Falcao are uncertain and Van Gaal has put the 22-year-old Englishman on his list of targets . Danny Ings -LRB- right -RRB- is a top target for Manchester United and could be set for a summer move to Old Trafford . United have held talks with Burnley and through a loophole in Premier League regulations are able to agree a fee and pre-contract with the player to ensure a transfer in the summer . Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers tried to sign the striker in January , but Burnley were intent on keeping him until the end of the campaign . Ings is out of contract in the summer but , due to his age , Burnley would be owed a fee set by a tribunal of around £ 5million if he joined an English club . However , under Premier League Rule U8 domestic clubs are able to agree terms with the club and player who would then move when their contract expires . Louis van Gaal is a fan of Ings and was impressed with the forwards performance against his side . Ings has become one of the most sought-after strikers in Europe . If United are successful they would beat former manager David Moyes , who is keen to bring the 22-year-old to Real Sociedad , to the signing . Tottenham and Manchester City are also interested . Ings has scored nine goals so far in his first season in the Premier League and United consider him to be a future England international . Van Gaal was particularly impressed by Ings ' performance against United at Old Trafford in February when he scored in Burnley 's 3-1 defeat . Van Persie , 31 , has struggled with injuries this season and the loan of Falcao , 29 , from Monaco has produced only four goals . United are also interested in signing PSV forward Memphis Depay , Southampton right back Nathaniel Clyne and Dortmund centre back Mats Hummels . Radamel Falcao -LRB- left -RRB- and Robin van Persie 's United careers look over with both likely to move on . Van Gaal is a fan of PSV forward Memphis Depay , who was part of his Holland World Cup squad . Mats Hummels -LRB- second left -RRB- has long been target for United and may finally join in the summer . Southampton right back Nathaniel Clyne is another target for United as they look to rebuild their defence .