Michael Phelps is aiming to compete in a fifth Olympics next year in Rio , although the 18-time Olympic champion wo n't swim in the world championships this summer . Phelps confirmed his intention to make one last run at the Olympics on Wednesday . ` You guys heard it here first , ' he told reporters at Skyline Aquatic Center , where he will be competing in his first meet since serving a six-month suspension by USA Swimming after a second drunken driving arrest last fall . ` I am looking forward to next year . I do n't think it 's too hard to really realize why I came back . ' 18-time Olympic champion Michael Phelps is aiming to compete in a fifth Olympics next year in Rio . But Phelps said he wo n't be swimming at the world meet in Russia in August as part of the punishment set forth by the sport 's U.S. governing body . He had already qualified in three events before being banned from the last major international meet before the Rio de Janeiro Olympics . ` I really enjoy being on those trips , ' he said . ` That 's why it is painful to think that I wo n't have the chance to compete at worlds . ' There had been informal discussions about Phelps being reinstated to the US team for worlds , but it would have meant removing swimmers that were named to the team in his absence . ` By no means do I want this to be a distraction from the team , ' he said . ` No way would I ever want to displace a member of that team . ' Phelps in action during a practice session Mesa , Arizona on Wednesday . Phelps is back in Arizona , where he attended 45 days of inpatient alcohol rehabilitation after being arrested on DUI charges in his hometown of Baltimore last September . He offered no specifics about his treatment , which he continued in Maryland . He also enrolled in Alcoholics Anonymous . ` The last couple of months have probably been the hardest I 've ever had to go through in my entire life , ' he said . ` I take full responsibility for all of my actions . I 've hurt a lot of people and it 's been terrible . ' The 29-year-old swimmer was sentenced to 18 months of probation . He said he 's done more growing up in recent months than he has in his entire life . ` I have been able to come out on a better end , have a clear head , ' he said . ` I do n't think I 've ever been like this once in my life . ' Phelps ' longtime coach , Bob Bowman , acknowledged his star swimmer 's second arrest for drunken driving made it ` pretty hard to convince me that anything was going to lead us back to something that we 'd be proud of . ' Phelps called Bowman a few times from rehab , which the coach described as ` really weird ' because he typically never heard from Phelps away from the pool . Bowman visited Phelps during treatment , still skeptical that the swimmer was there for any reason other than he had to be . But Bowman left thinking differently . Phelps is back in Arizona , where he attended 45 days of inpatient alcohol rehabilitation . ` I just had no doubt that he had changed in a way that was really meaningful , ' Bowman said . ` He was completely different and it 's been that way every day since he 's been back . ' Phelps pleaded guilty after his first drunken driving arrest in 2004 . Five years later , a photo was published of him using a marijuana pipe at a party , which drew a three-month suspension and caused some sponsors to drop him . Phelps knows not everyone will believe he 's contrite and has changed . ` If somebody does n't believe the words that are coming out of my mouth that 's their choice , ' he said . ` I , of course , would like to show everybody in the world that I am in a different place and I am much better than I ever have been . I understand that 's going to take a lot of time . This week will be the first week that I can start that . ' Phelps will be competing in Mesa for the first time since the Pan Pacific Championships last August . The Arizona meet was where Phelps made his comeback a year ago after an extended retirement following the 2012 Olympics . Phelps adjusts North Baltimore Aquatic Center team-mate Allison Schmidt 's cap during practice . He is n't sure what to expect , having only recently returned to the kind of hard training he did before the 2008 Beijing Games , where he won a record eight gold medals . Phelps is falling back on the mentality he used for much of his career . ` I would just get up and swim as hard as I could and leave it in the water , ' he said . ` That 's what I 'm going to do here . I know I 'm more prepared now than I was at this time last year . ' His first event is the 100-meter butterfly on Thursday , when he 'll compete against longtime rival Ryan Lochte . Phelps is surrounding himself with familiar faces this week , including his fiancee Nicole Johnson and family members . ` I 'm a lot happier and in a lot better state and in a lot better physical shape than I really have been in a long time , ' he said .