Chelsea are the worst behaved team in the Premier League when it comes to respecting referees , according to official figures . The data , compiled by Football Association Fair Play delegates who attend every top-flight match and assess team behaviour towards match officials , show Jose Mourinho 's team are the most likely to protest decisions . They have faced criticism for surrounding referees this season , while Mourinho 's back room staff are rated second-worst for their behaviour on the touchline . Chelsea players protest a decision made by referee Roger East during a home match with Newcastle United . Chelsea are the worst behaved team in the Premier League when it comes to respecting referees . Nemanja Matic is held back by team-mates Kurt Zouma and John Terry after a red card against Burnley . The table is compiled by Football Association delegates who attend each match and give ratings out of seven . Jose Mourinho and his back room staff ranked second-worst in the respect assessment . Referee Phil Dowd is surrounded by Chelsea players during their match with Tottenham . The Fair Play figures , reported by the Daily Telegraph , show that Liverpool show the greatest respect towards officials , followed by Burnley and West Brom . Sunderland , Arsenal and Stoke City rank poorly in the assessment , which involve delegates rating each team out of seven for their conduct towards referees and their assistants . Premier League guidelines on the practice state : ` A positive attitude , including the acceptance of doubtful decision without protest , will be rewarded with high marks . Chelsea captain John Terry remonstrates with referee Jon Moss during a match with Everton . Chelsea assistant manager Rui Faria has been criticised for his behaviour on the touchline this season . Liverpool shows the greatest respect towards match officials , according to the figures . Liverpool players , including Philippe Coutinho , Joe Allen , Mario Balotelli and Steven Gerrard speak to referee Andre Marriner during their match with Newcastle United at St James ' Park last November . Manchester United players argue with referee Lee Mason - they came in the middle of the Respect Table . ` Normal behaviour without any particular positive attitudes or gestures towards match officials is likely to receive a score of six rather than seven . ' Managers and their back room staff are assessed on how they react to decisions and whether they intervene to calm down angry players . The overall Fair Play League is currently headed by West Ham . The Football Association sends delegates to every Premier League fixture and they awards points based on six different categories : red and yellow cards awarded , positive play , respect towards opponents , respect towards the referee , behaviour of the team officials and behaviour of the public . It works as follows : . RED AND YELLOW CARDS . Starting on a maximum possible score of 10 , teams are deducated one point for a yellow card and three points for a red card . There is no minimum score . POSITIVE PLAY . A maximum score of 10 is awarded for attractive , attacking football with intent to score more goals , even when in a winning position . Points are taken off for defensive tactics , time-wasting and diving . RESPECT TOWARDS OPPONENTS . Teams are given a rating out of seven for their treatment of the other team during the match . This includes adhering to the rules of the game and abiding by the spirit of Fair Play . RESPECT TOWARDS THE REFEREE . Another mark out of seven is awarded for behaviour towards the officials - including assistants . The guidelines state : ` A positive attitude , including the acceptance of doubtful decisions without protest , will be rewarded with high marks . Normal behaviour without any particular positive attitudes or gestures towards match officials is likely to receive a score of 6 rather than 7 . ' BEHAVIOUR OF THE TEAM OFFICIALS . A score out of six is given for the behaviour of team officials , including coaches , towards the referee . The Premier League say : ` Positive and negative aspects of the team officials ' conduct will be assessed -- such as whether they calm down or provoke angry players or fans and how they accept the decisions of the referee . Co-operation with the media will also be taken into account . ' BEHAVIOUR OF THE PUBLIC . All teams begin with a score of five points and a maximum of 10 can be awarded if the crowd gets behind the team in an ` acceptable form . ' Deductions are made for foul and abusive language , abuse of the officials and aggressive and threatening conduct towards opposing fans .