A Mexican cartel boss known as ` The Liquidator ' has been detained by the country 's authorities , who claim he is ` linked to the bloodiest events ever recorded in Juarez City ' . Mexican federal authorities arrested Juarez Cartel boss Jesus Salas Aguayo on Friday , bringing an end to the career of a criminal who was famed for dispatching his enemies with the use of dynamite . Earning the nickname ` The Liquidator ' for the brutal and ruthless methods that earned him a place on the DEA 's Most Wanted list , Aguayo is charged with multiple felonies including the distribution of narcotics , homicide and arms trafficking . Scroll down for video . Fearsome : Jesus Salas Aguayo , a former gun for hire and Jarez Cartel boss known for his brutal murders of rivals , was arrested on Friday by Mexican police . Mexican authorities link over twenty deaths directly to The Liquidator , including the 2009 murder of a state witness in El Paso , a 2010 car-bombing which claimed the lives of two federal police officers and a 2012 massacre of fifteen people in a Juarez City bar . In 2008 the Sinaloa Cartel declared war on the Juarez Cartel as it sought to take control of Ciudad Juarez , a city of 1.5 million people that sits on the border with El Paso , Texas . That year alone saw 1,600 homicides in the city , and Ciudad Juarez City achieved the title of the most dangerous city in the world for three consecutive years . Jesus Aguayo , also known as ` El Chuyín ' , led the assault on the invading Sinaloa forces , causing the bloodshed of narcos , Mexican authorities and civilians alike . A respected ` sicario ' or hired gun , The Liquidator was known to have spoken of his ambitions to one day run his own drug cartel . In 2008 he was hired by the Juarez Cartel bosses , who sent him to Ciudad Juarez to take over command of La Línea -LRB- The Line -RRB- , the cartel 's street-level army of assassins , who were notorious for mutilating the bodies of their enemies and civilians alike . The Jaurez Cartel was formerly one of the most feared in Mexico , but is now all but extinct following a war with the Sinoala cartel , and high profile arrests -LRB- pictured , boss Ricardo Gracia Urquiza is arrested in 2005 -RRB- . The Juarez Cartel eventually lost the conflict after three murderous years , and today its agents are spread widely across Chihuahua state . Today Juarez City , once a lively and popular border town , shows the scars of a drug war that cost nearly ten thousand lives over the space of four years . Entire districts of the city are deserted , rare are the buildings not marked with bullet holes and there are sections where even the police dare not enter given the narcos ' stranglehold on the territory . The arrest of The Liquidator occurred on Friday in his hometown of Villa Ahumada , some 80 miles south of Ciudad Juarez . A gunfight occurred as the task-force moved in to detain Aguayo and his two bodyguards , one of whom was killed in an exchange of fire . Following The Liquidator 's detention , federal agents seized a number of items that were in his possession , including 2 SUVs , 4 quad-bikes , a large bag of marijuana , a heavy-duty assault rifle , us $ 20,000 in cash and some 17 mobile telephones . Danger : Soldiers stand guard atop vehicles along a road where Aguayo was detained last week . Aguayo had been cartel boss for six months before he was captured after taking over from Vicente Carrillo Fuentes , arrested in October last year . Following his arrest , The Liquidators criminal associates fled northwards to the town of Buenaventura and the surrounding region , threatening local people with death if they did not help them in their plight . A number of complaints were made to the police from residents of the town . The Liquidator had only been in the top spot for six months , following the arrest of former Juarez Cartel boss Vicente Carrillo in October of last year . The arrest is expected to put an end to what is an already significantly weakened criminal organisation following its defeat at the hands of Sinaloa . Following a difficult 2014 for the Mexican government -- a scandal-filled year topped by the disappearance of 43 students at the hands of local police in Guerrero state - the country 's authorities have made a number of drug kingpin arrests . ` This government has neutralised 93 of the total 122 targets that it set out when it came to power ' , National Security Commissioner Alejandro Rubido told reporters following The Liquidator 's arrest . Saturday saw the arrest of another cartel boss , José Tiburcio Hernandez , supposed leader of the Gulf Cartel that operates on the eastern end of the US-Mexico border . His arrest in Reynosa , a town which borders McAllen in Texas saw the sustained attack by over 60 armed criminals in 15 vehicles on the District Attorney 's office in the town centre . The criminals laid siege to the building for over three hours without success in an attempt to prevent their leader 's extraction to Mexico City , where he and Jesus Aguayo will both be formally charged with drug trafficking , homicide and multiple other felonies this week . The Juarez Cartel , which was founded in 1970 , claims to be the first drug cartel to have moved cocaine into the United States by aircraft . The Barrio Azteca gang , which operates in a number of Texas cities including El Paso and Houston is aligned with the Juarez Cartel .