Protesters have demolished the front window of upmarket estate agents Foxtons during a protest against the gentrification of South London . The store front of its Brixton branch was covered in shattered glass while ` no evictions ' and ` yuppies ' was spray painted in black across their housing advertisements . A police spokesman confirmed that one man has been arrested on suspicion of criminal damage . Thousands of people turned up for the event organised by the Reclaim Brixton group who were demonstrating against local residents and businesses being priced out of the trendy area . One of the event 's organisers denounced the violent actions of ` one idiot ' but told MailOnline there could be a reason Foxtons - which has a reputation for selling expensive homes - has been ` continuously targeted ' . Scroll down for video . Vandal : One vandal smashed the front window of Foxtons Brixton branch -LRB- pictured -RRB- during a ` wholly peaceful ' protest against rising house prices in London . Violent : The lone protester demolished the front window of upmarket estate agents Foxtons , who have a reputation for selling expensive houses . Defaced : The vandal then spray painted ` no evictions ' and ` yuppies ' on the estate agent 's housing advertisements . Reputation : A spokesperson for Reclaim Brixton - who organised the event - denounced the man 's violent actions but suggested there could be a reason Foxtons is ` continuously targeted ' Motive : Cyndi Anaso said she is not happy about the vandalism but told MailOnline ` it suggests there 's a reason they are being targeted ' Response : Police at the scene in Brixton -LRB- pictured -RRB- had to us CS spray to disperse a group of violent protesters . Cyndi Anaso from Reclaim Brixton told MailOnline said she was ` saddened ' that someone behaved ` deviantly ' during a wholly peaceful demonstration . But she claims the upmarket estate agents have been targeted before , adding : ` Foxtons has a very poor reputation when it comes to expensive properties and unfortunately . ' ` There 's a message in it which I 'm not happy about but it still suggests there 's a reason they are being targeted . ` There 's never an endorsement of the attack but nothing else on the day can be considered even slightly violent . ' ` I do n't even think it 's right to apologise for these individuals because every protest that you watch , there will be an obligatory that one idiot will smash a shop window . ' Foxtons is widely considered as a sign of gentrification and its presence is an indicates that an area either is or has the potential to become very affluent . The Reclaim Brixton event was planned to demonstrate against the rising property prices in London which the group believes is ` displacing the city 's communities ' . A statement on the Facebook page for the event said : ` The fight against gentrification starts here ! Brixton is widely known for its vibrancy , which is another word for social and cultural diversity . Keeping watch : There is still a ` police presence ' outside the vandalised store in Brixton , South London following the incident . Defence : Sympathisers and Brixton locals used Twitter to condemn the attention being given to the ` isolated ' act of vandalism . Break-in : The Metropolitan Police -LRB- pictured -RRB- also said the group forced their way into Brixton Town Hall , but were removed shortly after and no arrests were made . ` But Brixton 's vibrancy now has a question mark on it . Will Brixton turn into a living museum or will it live ? ' But alongside images of people protesting peacefully on the streets , social media has been flooded with images of hordes pushing past police and the Foxtons window being destroyed . A police spokesman added : ` A group of protesters then made their way to Brixton Road where the window of a commercial premises was smashed and graffiti sprayed on the building . ' Police used CS spray on ` a small group of protesters ' who went into Brixton Police Station at around 4.10 pm before being removed shortly afterwards . The Metropolitan Police also said the group forced their way into Brixton Town Hall at around 3.15 pm , saying : ` Officers entered the building and the protesters were removed . ' Grace Lally from Lambeth Housing Activists said the demonstration had attracted thousands of people . Smashed : A Reclaim Brixton spokesperson said : ` Every protest that you watch , there will be an obligatory that one idiot will smash a shop window ' She added : ` The protest has been lively and strong and loud and people have hung banners off the town hall , blocked the streets and marched through Brixton a number of times and stopped traffic . ' Ms Lally insisted the protest was ` really lively ' but there had been ` no violence or trouble or anything like that ' . Those sympathetic to Reclaim Brixton 's protest and locals of the area have taken to Twitter to denounce isolated incidents of violence . Regarding the smashed window , Vanessa Furey from London said : ` Whilst sympathetic to the sentiment , idiots who have done this will have taken away what Reclaim Brixton was about . ' And Louise Ridley wrote : ` I live in Brixton . I want people to know about extortionate rents and evictions . But I do n't want windows smashed , anywhere . '