The body of a newborn baby was discovered hidden in a cubicle inside a Michigan office building after police say the mother had secretly given birth in the bathroom and then returned to her seat to resume her work . Staff at Ceva Logistics in the 24400 block of Glendale Avenue in Redford reportedly had no idea their co-worker had been pregnant until Tuesday morning . Police confirmed that the 26-year-old woman , who has not been named , delivered a baby that was later pronounced dead . Scroll down for video . Workplace delivery : A 26-year-old employee at Ceva Logistics in Michigan secretly delivered a baby in a bathroom stall at work , stuffed the newborn inside her bag and resumed her duties . Fox 2 reported that employees at Ceva Logistics , an international company specializing in freight shipping , heard moaning coming from a bathroom stall at around 10 am Tuesday . Not long after , staffers entered the restroom and discovered blood all over a stall . The Ceva employees returned to the office asking their co-workers if everyone was OK , but one woman seating in a cubicle remained silent . Police were called to the office and found that the 26-year-old worker had blood on her clothes , but there was no sign of a baby . When officers searched her work space , they discovered a newborn 's lifeless body stuffed inside her bag and hidden beneath her desk . The mother and baby were taken to a local hospital , where the child was pronounced dead . The unnamed mother was reportedly a tempt working at Ceva Logistics - an international company specializing in freight shipping . An autopsy has since been performed on the deceased infant , but Lt David Holt told Daily Mail Online they are waiting for a medical examiner to determine a cause of death , which could take up to several weeks . It remains unknown at this time whether the baby was born alive , or whether the death was a homicide . As of Thursday afternoon , the 26-year-old mother has not been arrested . Ceva Logistics Director Ken L'Heureux told Detroit Free Press the employee worked for a temp agency and had previously told colleagues she was not expecting .