We may not be able to hear it , but the Earth is constantly oscillating and creating a hum that has been likened to the ring of a bell . It 's long been known that earthquakes and their seismic activity contribute to this ringing , but researchers have now proved ocean waves also play a role . As so-called short waves collide near the surface they create weak microseismic waves , which combine with long , more powerful waves dragging across the ocean 's floor to create the constant hum . It 's long been known that earthquakes contribute to making the Earth ring like a bell , but researchers have now proved ocean waves also play a role . As short waves collide near the surface they create weak microseismic waves , which combine with long waves on the ocean 's floor to create a constant hum . Earthquakes shake the planet in such a way that the Earth can oscillate for months after the seismic event . This oscillation is caused by vibrations and researchers in the mid-1980s found the hum can drop as low as an E flat , 20 octaves below middle C on the musical scale . In the late 1990s , however , seismologists found that the planet does n't just oscillate following quakes , and instead is vibrating at extremely low frequencies all of the time . These vibrations are n't powerful enough to be detected by humans , but are strong enough to register on seismometers and similar . Earthquakes shake the planet in such a way that Earth can oscillate for months after the seismic event . This oscillation is caused by vibrations and researchers in the mid-1980s found that the hum can drop as low as an E flat , 20 octaves below middle C on the musical scale . In the late 1990s , seismologists found that the planet does n't just oscillate following quakes , and instead is vibrating at extremely low frequencies all of the time . A team of Japanese and Californian seismologists first suggested ocean waves may cause this hum in 2004 . Using data from 2008 , a French team found that ocean waves colliding generate seismic activity , but these waves only take 13 seconds or less to complete a single oscillation . They did n't explain why slow seismic waves - which provide the most powerful bell-like ringing - can last for longer than 50 seconds . So the team studied the movement of ocean waves at the bottom of the seabed . As these long waves travel over the ocean floor they meet resistance , especially as they pass over the steep continental shelves , and this friction helps create long seismic waves , that oscillate much slower . A team of Japanese and Californian seismologists first suggested ocean waves may cause this constant hum in 2004 . They proposed that as ocean waves move in opposite directions and collide they create microseismic activity . But Fabrice Ardhuin , a senior research scientist at Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique in France , and his team wanted to put this theory to the test . They began by studying and measuring seismic activity across the globe , including earthquakes , storms and the movement of ocean waves , throughout 2008 . During this time , two seismic events with magnitudes of 6.9 and 7.1 , took place on 3 March and 20 March . But the largest hum coincided with the strongest seismic waves during the Johanna storm on 10 and 11 March . That storm generated waves with a peak period of 16 seconds that reached heights of up to 42ft -LRB- 12.8 metres -RRB- . During this storm , a spectrogram found energy levels reached 10 mHz , and lasted 36 hours . By looking at how much energy was generated by the storm , the researchers were able to conclude that the hum was caused by the storm , and was n't the remnants of seismic activity from the events . They could then look at the reasons why . ` Ocean waves provide most of the energy that feeds the continuous vertical oscillations of the solid Earth , ' said the researchers . During March 2008 two large seismic events took place . But the largest hum coincided with a Johanna storm -LRB- right -RRB- . The storm generated waves with a peak of 16 seconds and heights of 42ft -LRB- 12.8 metres -RRB- -LRB- left -RRB- . From this , the team could conclude the hum was caused by the storm , and not leftover from the seismic events . Using seismic readings from 2008 , a French team spotted that ocean waves colliding generate seismic activity , but these waves only take 13 seconds to complete a single oscillation . They did n't explain why slow seismic waves - which provide the most powerful bell-like ringing - can last for longer than 50 seconds . ` The hum contains periods longer than 30 seconds , and the primary and secondary peaks are centered around 15 and five seconds respectively . ' Motions in all three bands are recorded everywhere on the planet and the team said they can provide information on both the solid Earth structure , the ocean wave climate over the past century , and the properties of short period ocean waves . ` Yet , the use of seismic data is limited because where and how ocean waves rock the Earth is not known , in particular for the hum , ' continued the team . ` The hum is the least understood part of Earth 's oscillations . ' Using the 2008 data , Mr Ardhuin and his team spotted that ocean waves colliding generate seismic activity , but these waves only take 13 seconds or less to complete a single oscillation . The team then studied ocean waves at the bottom of the seabed . As these so-called long waves travel over the ocean floor -LRB- stock image -RRB- and continental shelves they create seismic waves that oscillate much slower . This means that earthquakes , colliding oceans and long waves all combine to create the Earth 's hum . They did n't explain why slow seismic waves - which provide the most powerful bell-like ringing - can last for longer than 50 seconds . So the team studied the movement of ocean waves at the bottom of the seabed . These waves are known as long because they travel from the floor to the coast and back again . As these long waves travel over the ocean floor they meet resistance , especially as they pass over the steep continental shelves , and this helps create long seismic waves that oscillate much slower . This means that all three theories - earthquakes , colliding oceans and long waves - combine to create the Earth 's hum . Although the majority comes from the latter . The findings are published in Geophysical Research Letters , a journal of the American Geophysical Union -LRB- AGU -RRB- . Mr Ardhuin said that by measuring and understanding long , microseismic waves , researchers can learn more about how the Earth is structured . ` Now we know where this ringing comes from and the next question is : what can we do with it , ' he told the AGU .