They were widely regarded as the two best goalkeepers of their generation and their rivalry from on-the-pitch has continued into post retirement . Manchester United legend Peter Schmeichel and his Bayern Munich counterpart Oliver Kahn have come face-to-face once more - this time as actors . In a move that is akin to former footballers Vinnie Jones and Eric Cantona , the pair showcase their performance skills by starring in Tipico 's latest advert . Oliver Kahn -LRB- left -RRB- and Peter Schmeichel star in Tiplico 's latest advert where they renew their rivalry . In a top trump style competition Kahn lists his accolades including three World Goalkeeper of the Year titles . In retaliation , Schmeichel quips that he was the best goalkeeper of all time in the advert . The former Manchester United goalkeeper proves this with his Reuters top trump card that says so . The pair have so many ` cards ' to play , they 're still playing them 50 years later . ` When we played against each other we wanted to win so in a way for 90 minutes we became enemies , ' 51-year-old Schmeichel said behind the scenes of the filming . ` But this is very friendly we are working together a nice commmerical with Tipico . Our aim is to do the best . ' In the advert , the duo square off in a top trump style competition of their honours and accolades . With nothing to separate the two , the gag is that the pair have so many ` cards ' to play , they 're still playing them 50 years later . ` I 'm scared of myself ! I have to say it was very interesting to wear a mask it was easier to become an actor , ' 45-year-old Kahn said after wearing a mask to make him look 50 years older . ` You can hide yourself behind the mask . ' And while the advert may be a memorable one , nothing will compare to the drama that unfolded between the two during United 's famous Champions League final 2-1 win over Bayern in 1999 . On playing against Kahn , Schmeichel admitted that the duo would became the best of enemies . Bayern Munich legend Kahn revealed he did n't like the look of himself aged by an additional 50 years . Schmeichel -LRB- left -RRB- was on the winning side as United beat Bayern 2-1 in the 1999 Champions League final .