A violent thug who went on the run before taunting police by posing on Facebook in a silver wig and Dame Edna Everage-style sunglasses has been jailed for a second time . Michael Easy , 29 , from Southampton , Hampshire , sparked a nationwide police manhunt after going on the run in 2013 after attacking a woman at a party . While on the run , he posted photographs of himself on Facebook posing in a platinum wig and pink Dame Edna Everage-style glasses under the profile name of Michelle . The image showed him pressing his finger to his lips - taunting police as they had failed to track him down . Michael Easy , 29 , from Southampton , Hampshire -LRB- pictured -RRB- , sparked a major police manhunt after going on the run and taunted police by posing in Dame Edna-style glasses and a platinum wig in Facebook photos . Easy posted the photograph of himself in a wig and pink sunglasses under the Facebook name ` Michelle Dirt ' However , officers eventually found him and he was jailed for 15 months - but he went on the run again in December last year upon his release . Officers arrested him once again and he is now facing the next four months in jail for breaching a restraining order and assaulting two prison officers during his first stint behind bars . The court heard Easy breached the restraining order when he was seen leaving a party with his former girlfriend , aged 19 , in December last year . Her family called the police because they were concerned for her safety as Easy had been found guilty in January 2013 of assaulting her when she was pregnant with his child - although in court Easy disputed the child , who is now in care , was his . Southampton Magistrates ' Court heard he was due in court for a trial concerning these charges in February , but failed to appear . He was convicted in his absence and a police manhunt was launched . He was found nine days later . Mark Florida-James , defending Easy for his latest crimes , told the court that his former girlfriend had told him she thought the restraining order was over and that she obliged in leaving the party with him . Easy -LRB- pictured -RRB- is now facing four months in jail after breaching a restraining order and assaulting two prison guards while at Winchester Prison . The crown applied for a new order to be imposed , with prosecuting solicitor Louise Holmes telling the hearing that Easy 's former girlfriend , who can not be named , is ` extremely vulnerable ' and has learning difficulties . Ms Holmes said : ` Mr Easy 's history and his previous convictions clearly show he is a man of violence towards women and his partners . ' The court was handed a statement from Easy 's former partner asking not to impose the restraining order , but Ms Holmes told the court that police believed she did this because she is worried for her safety . District Judge Anthony Callaway refused to impose another restraining order , telling the court the woman concerned is an adult who can make her own decisions . The court also heard how Easy assaulted two male prison officers at Winchester Prison in November last year after they tried to take him back to his cell when he became argumentative and disruptive . Easy - a serial offender who has more than 27 convictions to his name - found himself behind bars for 15 months after kicking and slapping his former girlfriend at a party . During his time in prison , he struck a guard in the face , causing swelling to his cheek , after being told to stop jumping on the net installed between prison floors to prevent suicides . In another incident , he also struck another prison officer in the face , causing facial swelling and a shoulder injury which required treatment . Mr Florida-James said : ` Mr Easy seems to attract trouble , he causes trouble , he admits that . ` He 's now quite keen to have some sort of diagnosis to try to help him with these problems . ' Judge Callaway sentenced Easy to 56 days for the ` serious ' breach of the restraining order and a total of 56 days for assaulting the prison officers , to run consecutively . He gave no sentence for failing to surrender .