A hospital has delayed kidney transplant surgery after a fundraising effort on behalf of donor to cover his time off work and expenses raised so much money it is now an ` ethical issue ' The donor , Josh Dall-Leighton of Windham told the Portland Press Herald that Maine Medical Center officials informed him this week that it has concerns about the amount of money raised for him . Christine Royles , 24 , of South Portland , who is suffering from kidney failure , organized fundraisers to reimburse Dall-Leighton for unpaid time away from work . The donor , Josh Dall-Leighton of Windham said that Maine Medical Center officials informed him this week that it has concerns about the amount of money raised for him . Pictured : Josh-Dall Leighton with his wife and two of their three sons , Christopher and Mason . Needing help : Christine Royles , seen left with her fiance Dominick Morrilly and right with her son Talan , scribbled a want ad for a kidney on her back windshield after going on the national waiting list for a donor . Christine Royles , 24 , of South Portland , who is suffering from kidney failure , organized fundraisers to reimburse Dall-Leighton for unpaid time away from work . Someone else established an online fund that ballooned to more than $ 40,000 -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Someone else established an online fund that ballooned to more than $ 40,000 - it can be seen here . The appearance that someone could be profiting from an organ donation raises ethical concerns because it 's illegal to sell organs . Royles was 23 when she learned she had two autoimmune diseases , lupus and ANCA vasculitis , leading to kidney failure . She went on the national waiting to find a donor , but chose to go a different route . Plea : Royles wrote this message on the back of her car looking for for assistance . Royles painted an appeal for a donor on the rear window of her car , along with a phone number . The message read ` Looking for someone 2 donate me their kidney ! Must have type O blood : -rrb- -LRB- you only need one kidney . -RRB- ' Josh Dall-Leighton , 30 , saw the message on a trip to the Maine Mall with his family , according to the newspaper and called the number . The father-of-three , who works as a corrections officer told the Portland Press Herald : ` I just looked at my wife and said , `` I have to try . '' I think it was the fact that I have three kids of my own , and that really resonated with me . ` If -LRB- my wife -RRB- needed a kidney and I could n't provide for her , I would hope that somebody else would kind of step up and help her out . ' Royles spends 10 hours on a dialysis machine upon returning from her Applebee 's job . The surgery had been scheduled for May . A hospital spokeswoman had no comment .