A Briton jailed in Burma for using an image of the Buddha to promote his bar has been ` abandoned ' by the Foreign Office , according to human rights campaigners . Phil Blackwood was sentenced to two-and-a-half years with hard labour by a Burmese court last month after posting the mocked-up image of the Buddha wearing DJ headphones on Facebook . The tongue-in-cheek advert for a cheap-drinks night at the VGastro bar in Rangoon provoked outrage among devout Buddhists . Scroll down for video . Phil Blackwood -LRB- left -RRB- was sentenced to two-and-a-half years with hard labour by a Burmese court last month after posting a mocked-up image of Buddha wearing DJ headphones on Facebook . Human rights campaigners claim he has been ` abandoned ' by the Foreign Office . The 32-year-old bar manager , who has dual New Zealand and British nationality , was found guilty of insulting religion along with the bar 's Burmese owner and another manager , despite apologising profusely for posting the picture . All three were given the same sentence . MPs and human rights campaigners said Mr Blackwood , who is married with a young daughter , is enduring appalling conditions in the notorious Insein prison . They also claimed the British Government had ` turned its back ' on Mr Blackwood , who lived in Middlesbrough until his family moved to New Zealand when he was four . The 32-year-old bar manager , who has dual New Zealand and British nationality , was found guilty of insulting religion because of this picture . In a Commons answer , a Foreign Office Minister admitted he was not aware Mr Blackwood was a British citizen . Last night , his father Brian insisted that the family had informed the British authorities of his son 's dual nationality after his arrest . Although New Zealand diplomats were taking the lead , he said that the family expected the Foreign Office to exert pressure on Burma . Middlesbrough MP Andy McDonald said : ` Philip Blackwood has been unjustly imprisoned for an honest mistake for which he has already issued a heartfelt apology . ` As a British citizen , rather than turning their back on Mr Blackwood , the Foreign and Commonwealth Office should be pulling every available leaver to secure his immediate and unconditional release so that he can return to his family . ' There is international concern over a surge of religious nationalism in Burma , ruled until recently by a military junta . A Foreign and Commonwealth Office spokesman said : ` Our ambassador in Burma made clear that we were following the case closely when he raised it with the Burmese Minister of the Presidency . ` Our embassy in Rangoon has provided advice and support to the New Zealanders on Mr Blackwood 's case . '