A handful of peanuts a day may help prevent food poisoning , a study has found . Eating the kernels without their skins can improve gut health and the ability to ward off bugs like E.coli , according to the research . Scientists from the University of Maryland found that flour made from peanut kernel significantly stimulated the growth of Lactobacillus casei and Lactobacillus rhamnosus , the type of friendly bacteria more commonly associated with yoghurt drinks . Eating peanut kernels without their skins can improve gut health and the ability to ward off bugs like E.coli , according to research by the University of Maryland . By increasing the amount of good bacteria , the peanut flour was able to reduce the amount of a dangerous bacterium , Enterohaemorrhagic E.coli , which can cause severe food poisoning . The friendly bacteria out-competes the harmful bacteria by occupying space on intestinal walls and by producing antimicrobial substances . Four made from peanut kernel stimulates the growth of friendly bacteria , research has found . Lead researcher Dr Debabrata Biswas said : ` Eating approximately 50g of peanut kernels a day could improve the gut microflora and would help to protect against foodborne illnesses caused by common foodborne bacterial pathogens . ' When the scientists tested the peanut skin , however , they found it had the opposite effect to the peanut kernel , inhibiting the growth of good bacteria and promoting the growth of the harmful E.coli and Salmonella bacteria . Writing in the Journal of Food Science , the researchers concluded : ` These results suggest that peanut kernels , by improving the beneficial effect of lactobacillus , might reduce the risk of foodborne pathogens infection in the gut . ` However , the role of peanut skin in human health remains to be further investigated . ' E.coli can be transmitted by eating undercooked meat such as mince , or contaminated vegetables that have n't been washed properly . Salmonella is found in the gut of many animals , especially poultry . Proper cooking usually destroys it . Undercooked eggs can also be a source .