A county in Illinois says former US Rep Aaron Schock , who redecorated his office in the decadent style of television show Downton Abbey , should pay for the special elections to replace him . The Marshall County Board voted last week to send a bill for $ 76,000 to the Peoria Republican who resigned last month after questions about his extravagant government-funded spending . The letter seeks a check or a promise from Schock that he will pay for this summer 's special and general election costs . County officials estimate each will run about $ 38,000 . Former Illinois Congressional representative Aaron Schock , 33 , is facing calls to pay for the special election to replace him after resigning from the House last month amid an expenses scandal . The four-term Congressman -LRB- left -RRB- attracted scrutiny for his lavish lifestyle , including many selfies with celebrities such as Ariana Grande -LRB- right -RRB- , after a Downton Abbey-style renovation to his Washington office . A Schock spokesman did not respond to an emailed request from The Associated Press seeking comment to the board 's letter . His campaign fund balance is $ 3.3 million , The Journal-Star reported . ` Schock has more money than the county has in its reserves , ' Marshall County State 's Attorney Paul Bauer said . Once seen as a media-savvy rising star in the Republican Party , Schock , 33 , made appearances on Top Chef , the Colbert Report and the cover of Men 's Health magazine . However , the four-term Congressman 's celebrity lifestyle attracted examination of his spending habits . Earlier this year it was discovered that his office had received a $ 40,000 renovation funded by the taxpayer to make it look like the Edwardian Era homes on Downton Abbey . It has a crystal chandeliers and pheasant feathers in addition to its elaborately decorated furniture and bright red walls . The Republican had been viewed as a rising star in his party after a slate of media appearances including the cover of Men 's Health . The extravagance of Schock 's Washington office , which included pheasant feathers and a crystal chandelier , was what first drew attention to his spending . The Illinois representative originally replied to the reports by saying ` haters gon na hate ' . But further investigations revealed that he took a private jet to watch an NFL game in Chicago and had spent $ 10,000 taking a group including his interns to a Katy Perry concert . Schock also failed to report expenditures on trips abroad , required by Congressional rules . Though he hired a high powered defense and public relations team , Schock resigned after a report from POLITICO about misrepresentations of the mileage on his publicly-funded car . He has repaid the government for his office and mileage , and his resignation likely helped him avoid an ethics inquiry into his luxury lifestyle . Shock 's district now faces the task of putting together a quick election to put a representative back in Washington . A copy of the Marshall County letter went to the other 20 election jurisdictions in the 18th Congressional District , some of whom may follow the message 's example . Schock -LRB- pictured with Pope Francis -RRB- is facing a federal investigation into his spending after reports about misrepresented mileage on his car and taxpayer-funded trips on a private jet . ` There are other counties who are interested , and they 're kind of waiting on someone to step forward , ' Marshall County Board Chairman Gary Kroeschen said . Tazewell County officials expect to pay about $ 200,000 for the elections and County Board Chairman David Zimmerman said a committee will discuss the issue April 22 . The board could act as soon as the end of the month with the special primary election approaching in July , followed by the general election in September . Zimmerman said he hopes other counties follow Marshall 's lead . The Justice Department is investigating whether Schock broke any laws with his spending .