Apple offers a range of ways to unlock its devices from PINs to passwords and fingerprints . But you could soon use a selfie to gain access to your apps and messages thanks to Apple 's latest patent . The filing details a system of scanning a user 's face with the front-facing camera when the handset is moved into a certain position , and automatically unlocking the device if the image matches one on file . The patent -LRB- illustrated -RRB- was filed by the California-based firm in March 2011 and awarded earlier this week . It details a method of scanning a user 's face using the front-facing camera each time the phone is moved into a certain position . If the scanned face matches a previously taken photo , the phone unlocks automatically . The patent was filed by the Californian tech giant in March 2011 and awarded earlier this week . Called ` Locking and unlocking a mobile device using facial recognition ' , the patent explains that current methods of unlocking a device are ` inconvenient and time consuming ' . Apple 's patent details a method for automatically unlocking a mobile device using a system comprising of ` capturing an initial image while the device is locked , monitoring a motion state of the mobile device to determine whether the device is moving or is motionless ; analysing the images to detect a user 's face and unlocking the device . ' Android Lollipop users already have an almost identical feature known as Trusted face in the Smart Lock menu . It is an extension of Face Unlock that launched on Android Ice Cream Sandwich . Once the screen is enabled and the camera is held in front of the face , the screen automatically unlocks . This relies on the user pressing the power button to enable the screen . By comparison it appears that Apple 's proposed system would track the movement of the phone to determine whether it is being used , or is placed flat on a table . Apple , instead , provides a method for automatically unlocking a mobile device using a system comprising of ` capturing an initial image while the device is locked , monitoring a motion state of the mobile device to determine whether the device is moving or is motionless ; analysing the images to detect a user 's face and unlocking the device . ' Android Lollipop users already have an almost identical feature known as ` Trusted face ' in the Smart Lock menu . It is an extension of Face Unlock that launched on Android Ice Cream Sandwich . Once the screen is enabled and the camera is held in front of the face , the screen automatically unlocks . This relies on the user pressing the power button to enable the screen . By comparison , it appears that Apple 's proposed system would track the movement of the phone to determine whether it is being used , or is placed flat on a table . The screen would n't need to be enabled . Instead , once the phone is moved and positioned in front of the face the camera would begin scanning . It will only unlock if the angle of the face matches , or is similar to , the one that was initially taken to avoid the phone unlocking simply when the phone is near a face . As Apple explained : ` In one embodiment , the image is analysed for a facial profile of a human face , without regard to a specific user . Apple 's proposed system tracks the movement of the phone to determine whether it is being used , or is placed flat on a table -LRB- flow chart shown -RRB- . The screen would n't need to be enabled . Instead , once the phone is moved and positioned in front of the face the camera would begin scanning for a face . Android Lollipop users already have an almost identical feature known as ` Trusted face ' -LRB- left -RRB- in the Smart Lock menu . Once the screen is enabled and the camera is held in front of the face , the screen automatically unlocks . The face icon between the Whatsapp and Chrome logo -LRB- right -RRB- shows the feature is enabled . ` In this case , the device will only need to determine that a human facial profile is present . ' It continued that once an allotted period of time has elapsed and a user 's face is not detected in any of the images , the device stays locked . ` In another embodiment , detecting the user 's face may also include verifying that the user is an authorised user of the device , ' the files continued . ` Trusted face ' and Smart Lock are extensions of the Face Unlock feature that was launched on Android Ice Cream Sandwich -LRB- pictured -RRB- . This relies on the user pressing the power button to enable the screen . ` The predetermined facial profile may be determined from an image that was previously captured by the device 's camera and stored in a storage of images of authorised users . ' Chip maker Qualcomm has unveiled its Sense ID 3D fingerprint scanner - the first biometric sensor using ultrasonic technology . It uses ultrasonic sound waves to capture the ridges , sweat pores and more on the tip of a finger in greater detail than capacitive touch ID sensors seen on the likes of Apple and Samsung devices . This not only makes it more accurate than other sensors , but it will also work even if the user 's hands are wet or have dirt or lotions on it , for example . Phones running Sense ID are expected to launch later this year , but Qualcomm did not reveal to MailOnline which devices or manufacturers it is working with . The patent also suggests this feature could be used by multiple users , in the way that multiple fingerprints can be added to its current Touch ID system . ` In this case , the database of images of authorised users would contain an image for each user , ' it added . ` To match a facial profile in the subsequent image , the device would have to compare the subsequent image to each image in the database . ` Furthermore , each authorised user may have an associated unlocking profile in the database that indicates what functions or applications of the device are enabled when the device is unlocked . ' Phone makers are looking for alternative ways to secure devices while making them faster and more convenient to open . For example , Fujitsu recently demonstrated its iris scanning prototype that lets people access phones , apps and online accounts by staring at an infrared sensor . This would work in a similar way to facial recognition , but is more secure and unique to an individual user . Phone makers are looking for alternative ways to secure devices while making them faster and more convenient to open . For example , Fujitsu recently demonstrated its iris scanning prototype that lets people access phones , apps and online accounts by staring at an infrared sensor -LRB- illustrated -RRB- .