Chelsea are planning a victory parade through the streets around Stamford Bridge should they stay on course to claim the Premier League title in May . Jose Mourinho 's side , who face Arsenal at the Emirates on Sunday , are currently nine points clear at the summit of the table with six games of the current campaign remaining . In a letter from Hammersmith and Fulham council which was delivered to residents in the area over the past few days , the schedule for the planned celebrations are laid out . Eden Hazard fires past Manchester United keeper David De Gea during his side 's 1-0 win at Stamford Bridge . The letter , delivered to residents of Fulham , outlines Chelsea 's plan for their victory parade on May 25 . The planned victory parade route is outlined to residents of the area on a map included with the letter . Leicester -LRB- away -RRB- - April 29 . Crystal Palace -LRB- home -RRB- - May 3 . Liverpool -LRB- home -RRB- - May 10 . West Brom -LRB- away -RRB- - May 18 . Sunderland -LRB- home -RRB- - May 24 . The letter , titled ` Advance notice of possible Chelsea football Club parade on Monday , May 25 ' , reads : ` I am writing to give you early notice of a Victory Parade that will take place in Fulham if Chelsea Football Club wins the Premier League . ` If Chelsea win , a Victory Parade will take place on Monday , May 25 . This would be wholly funded by the football club , as would the clean-up operation . The parade would start around 12 pm and should finish around 1 pm . ` The team 's buses would depart from Stamford Bridge 's west entrance before travelling east along Fulham Road and turning right onto Hortensia Road , and then right onto King 's Road . There would be short stop at Eel Brook Common , where the procession would end . The buses would then leave the parade route via Parsons Green . ` As I say , the Victory Parade will only take place if Chelsea win the Premier League , but I wanted to give you this advance warning so you can plan ahead should they win the title . ' Chelsea are 10 points clear of second placed Manchester City at the top of the table with five games to play . Jose Mourinho raises the Premier League trophy following his side 's title triumph in 2005 .