A driver has miraculously survived a horror smash after his car hurtled into a wall , flipped over and left him trapped under the weight of the vehicle . His jeans were left on the underside of the red car after firefighters spent 25 minutes to free the man . The man , believed to be in his 20s , suffered head and chest injuries , as well as suspected leg fractures , but remained conscious during the efforts to cut him free . Medics say he was fortunate to still be alive given the severity of the crash . A picture of the ruined car taken by showed the victim 's navy blue jeans still caught on the wreckage . An ambulance , paramedic area support officer , community paramedic and the Warwickshire and Northamptonshire air ambulance attended the scene in Southam , Warwickshire . Two fire engines from Warwickshire fire and rescue service also helped at the scene of the collision for about 45 minutes . A West Midlands ambulance spokesman said : ` On arrival , crews discovered a car on its roof that had suffered significant damage following a collision with a brick wall and street furniture . ` The man was conscious throughout but mechanically trapped as a result of the collision . ` Crews worked closely with the fire service to free the man from the vehicle , a process which took approximately 25 minutes . ` He was treated for multiple injuries , including to his head , chest and pelvis . He had also suffered suspected fractures to his sternum and leg . ` The man was fully immobilised with the use of a scoop stretcher and pelvic splint and given pain relief before being air lifted to University Hospital Coventry and Warwickshire . ` Given the nature of the collision and the amount of injuries sustained , the man is fortunate to be alive . ` High praise goes to our community paramedic who was first on scene having started work early to respond to the incident and begin treating the patient as soon as possible . ' Firefighters spent 25 minutes trying to free the man from the car using clan lucas cutting equipment and glass stabilisation pack . A Warwickshire fire and rescue service spokesman added : ` At 7.48 am , a call was received to a road traffic collision involving one car that had overturned on the Leamington Road , Southam . ` Two fire engines were mobilised to the incident , one from Southam and one from Leamington Spa . ` Upon arrival fire fighters found one vehicle overturned on the roadway . ` One person was physically and medically trapped . Fire crews freed the casualty using clan lucas cutting equipment and glass stabilisation pack . ` Police , ambulance and air ambulance attended . ` The casualty was placed in the care of the ambulance and conveyed to hospital by air ambulance . Fire crews were detained about 45 minutes . '