For all the problems that David Moyes had during his year at Manchester United , you would n't associate his teams with defensive frailties and a lack of organisation at set pieces . And since taking over at Real Sociedad Moyes has enhanced his reputation as a manager who brings , if nothing else , solidity . In his 21 La Liga games to date Sociedad have conceded just 29 times , climbing from the relegation when Moyes took over , to an extremely comfortable tenth place . Mikel Gonzalez diverts a corner past his own goalkeeper Geronimo Rulli who fails to punch it away . Atletico Madrid celebrate after going two goals ahead after just 10 minutes , killing the match as a contest . Antoine Griezmann -LRB- left -RRB- is congratulated by Fernando Torres , but did n't celebrate against his former club . Atletico Madrid : Oblak ; Gimenez , Miranda , Siqueira , Gamez ; Suarez , Tiago , Koke , Turan -LRB- Niguez 81 mins -RRB- ; Griezmann -LRB- Gabi 90 -RRB- , Torres -LRB- Jimenez 61 -RRB- . Subs not used : Ansaldi , Bernabe , Cani , Hernandez . Goals : Gonzalez -LRB- OG -RRB- 2 , Griezmann 10 . Booked : Turan . Real Sociedad : Rulli ; Gonzalez , Elustondo , Yuri , Zadldua ; Bergara , Ruben Pardo ; Zurutuza -LRB- Finnbogason 74 -RRB- , Canales -LRB- Agirretxe 74 -RRB- , Xabi Prieto ; Castro -LRB- Granero 81 -RRB- . Subs not used : Martinez , Hervias , Estrada , Zubikarai . Yet , on Tuesday night , Sociedad showed none of the qualities usually associated with their manager , capitulating inside 10 minutes against the Spanish champions . By the time Antoine Griezmann struck the hosts ' second goal , lifting the ball over the hapless Geronimo Rulli after the keeper had parried Koke 's shot straight to the Frenchman , Atletico could have been four up , and the game was all but over . Arda Turan had already seen his volley hit the post after being left totally unmarked from a free kick , before Mikel Gonzalez diverted the resulting corner past his own keeper after little more than 90 seconds . Soon after Griezmann narrowly failed to connect with a header after yet more shocking set-piece defending , and the former Sociedad man also came close to tricking his way through the visiting defence , only to be denied by a last-ditch tackle . David Moyes looks on as his team showed uncharacteristic defensive frailties at the Vicente Calderon . Mario Suarez holds off Sociedad forward Sergio Canales as Atletico took control and never relinquished it . Atletico Madrid 's Turkish star Arda Turan , who struck the post early on , takes of Gorka Elustondo . Against a team who had n't conceded a single goal in their previous four games , it was suicidal . In response Moyes ' side produced next to nothing . Chory Castro brought a save from Atletico 's Slovenia keeper Jan Oblak which was comfortable enough , while Sergio Canales swung a leg at a dropping ball from inside the area , only to see it fly well wide . That was about all they managed until a free kick from one-time QPR midfielder Estaban Granero forced Oblak into his first stretching save with three minutes to play . The champions , on the other hand , without looking particularly good , continued to threaten , helped repeatedly by Rulli and his defenders , who seemed desperate to offer chances out of nothing . Mario Suarez was given the freedom of the penalty area from another corner , but could n't make contact with his volley , before Rulli misjudged a wayward Koke cross , allowing it to land on his crossbar . Torres worked hard and offered a foil for the talented Griezmann before being replaced after an hour . Diego Simeone calls for more for his team as they kept their La Liga title defense alive . The Argentine stopper also flapped at a cross , allowing Guilherme Siqueira an opportunity from close range , but the full-back saw his shot deflected wide . The win means Atletico are only two points behind city rivals and Champions League quarter-final opponents Real Madrid , although Carlo Ancelotti 's side have a game in hand , and the defence of their title is not yet over . Diego Simeone was able to rest Fernando Torres for the final 30 minutes , after the former Liverpool and Chelsea striker had run hard , without much success , alongside Griezmann . His side 's season will be defined in the coming weeks , while Moyes ' early successes in Sociedad means Real 's campaign has already reached a successful conclusion , with survival assured . But his side 's defending will nonetheless have hurt the former Manchester United manager .