The Duchess of Cambridge has the power to send sales of high-street designs sky-rocketing , so it 's little surprise that her offspring have the same effect . As Kate and William prepare to welcome their second child , there 's no doubt that the royal couple 's favoured childrenswear brands are hoping to cash in on the arrival . Indeed , if Prince George 's first year - which boosted the economy by £ 247m - is anything to go by , anything that the second-born touches will turn to gold and copycat designs will bring a welcome boost to the high street . Scroll down for video . Anything Prince George has been seen wearing has gone on to sell out , such as this £ 32 Cath Kidston tank top ... and there 's no doubt that his little brother or sister will do the same . Professor Joshua Bamfield , director of the Centre for Retail Research , told The Telegraph that a little girl could bring in £ 150m for the British economy . He said : ` I think there will be an immediate boost of around £ 80m when the baby is born , with around £ 20 to £ 25m spent on souvenirs and the rest on food and drink such as cake and sparkling wine . The baby could generate a billion pounds over its lifetime . ` There is n't as much excitement when it 's the second baby , but a girl would have the potential to boost the fashion industry . ` As well as the boost to baby clothing sales that we have seen from Prince George , a Princess would be able to set trends throughout her life , which will be great for the people who designed her clothes or those who can make quick knock-off copies . ' The term ` The Prince George effect ' was coined just three days after his birth when the £ 20 printed white aden + anais cloth in which the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge wrapped their baby son before leaving the Lindo Wing of St Mary 's Hospital sold out almost instantly . The term ` The Prince George effect ' was coined just three days after his birth in July 2013 when the £ 20 printed white aden + anais cloth in which the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge wrapped their baby son before leaving the Lindo Wing of St Mary 's Hospital sold out almost instantly . Within 48 hours of being seen for the first time , the £ 44.95 wrap had sold out , while traffic to the brand 's website shot up by 1,960 per cent . And it did n't stop there . Following the family 's portrait for Mother 's Day in 2013 , when the prince sported a baby blue number with ` George ' emblazoned on his chest , personalised baby clothes retailer My1stYears.com sold 1,200 jumpers in just four hours . Then , the family 's tour of Australia and New Zealand in April last year , on which Prince George played a prominent role , sent brands into a frenzy . While most eyes were on the Duchess of Cambridge 's wardrobe choices during the family 's time abroad , she was n't the only royal setting sartorial trends . Following the family 's portrait for Mother 's Day in 2013 , when the prince sported a ` George ' emblazoned jumper , personalised baby clothes retailer My1stYears.com sold 1,200 jumpers in just four hours . Much like his mother , Prince George used his first royal tour to prove he 's quite the trendsetter , with a plethora of stylish outfits . Designers of the clothes the nine-month-old wore over the fortnight reported a huge surge in sales and the royal tot became something of a fashion icon . One such example is the Les Petites Abeilles romper suit he wore on his arrival in Sydney - a similar design totally sold out immediately and then had a shipping time of two months . The young prince looked dapper in the nautical-style romper suit as he disembarked an Australian Airforce jet . He was blissfully unaware of the furore he caused , but within seconds of the royal trio arriving in Australia , Twitter was awash with commentary about his ensemble . On a playdate in New Zealand , the tiny tot wore a stylish smocked romper from Rachel Riley , a British luxury brand for children , which retails at £ 77 -LRB- aud $ 125 -RRB- . The family 's tour of Australia and New Zealand in April last year , in which Prince George played a prominent role , sent brands into a frenzy . A similar version of the Annafie romper suit , sold at Les Petites Abeilles , he wore on his arrival in Sydney , left , sold out immediately and the Rachel Riley dungarees , right , sold out in minutes online . The classic tailored dungarees with a sailboat smocked design on the front panel sold out immediately in the six month and 12 month sizes on the company 's website . The Prince 's accessories also caused a sales frenzy on the trip . Stockists of the novelty kangaroo backpack , which the Duke of Cambridge was seen carrying after it had been gifted to his son in Sydney , reported the item had sold out hours after the family 's airport appearance . The Australian Koala Foundation - one of the stockists of the bag - sold out of its remaining stock of the item immediately . CEO Deborah Tabart said the sudden rush of orders for the kangaroo bag , which was selling for £ 7 -LRB- aud $ 12.50 -RRB- , was a result of Prince William seen carrying one . Photographs released of the young prince wearing an adorable soldier jumper in December last year also sent one high street store into frenzy . Prince George wore a £ 32 Cath Kidston tank top in his Christmas snaps last December and , of course , mothers went into a frenzy trying to snap up the royal 's jumper . Within moments of the photos appearing online , the tills at Cath Kidston were ringing as parents rushed to get hold of the then 16-month-old 's £ 32 tank top . But as demand skyrocketed , the sailboat-emblazoned top soon sold out - leaving a crowd of frustrated mothers in its wake and gleeful fashion brand executives rushing through a fresh batch . Then , the knitted tank tops have begun to appear on eBay but will cost would-be purchasers far more than they did in the shops . Ahead of the new royal baby 's birth , brands are already stocking memorabilia . Indeed , Blue Almonds , one of Kate 's favourite shop 's , has launched The Royal Collection 2015 . Due to the success of the first collection , and inspired by the Duchess of Cambridge 's latest expectancy , the new collection features a moses basket based on the designs store owner Iza Minkiewicz had while pregnant with her own son , Filip . Blue Almonds , one of Kate 's favourite shop 's , has launched The Royal Collection 2015 inspired by Prince George . Izabela Minkiewicz , said : ` Kate has already had a major impact on the fashion market with the dresses that she 's pictured in flying off the shelves as soon as they hit stores so she 's destined to have the same effect on the baby wear market , too . ` When Kate was photographed in Blue Almonds whilst pregnant , interest in Moses baskets definitely increased and sales of similar infant beds also boomed . ' Style and brand expert Nick Ede added : ` It 's refreshing to see that he 's not too trendy he 's just the perfect English gent . The George effect is due to him wearing clothes that are not designer labels but are wearable , affordable , on-trend colours and perfect for the royal spotlight . ` A style icon is someone who creates a trend and with his nautical stripes , dungarees and baby grows with royal blue piping he certainly doing that . ' And dressing baby sons around the world is clearly popular - the young royal even has his own style blog , What Prince George Wore , dedicated to all things baby style . But while the Duchess of Cambridge might still be a dab hand at selling out whatever she wears , even she can not compete with her son when it comes to sheer selling power . From £ 44.95 swaddling wraps to knitted tank tops , the royal baby effect shows no sign of petering out - much to the excitement of childrenswear designers and eBay entrepreneurs contemplating another year of buoyant sales to come . Here 's to a fashionable future for baby number two !