He may not be in action for Real Madrid on Wednesday night against bitter city rivals Atletico , but that has not stopped Gareth Bale getting behind his team . The 25-year-old is out of their pivotal Champions League quarter-final second leg at the Santiago Bernabeu after suffering a calf injury early on in their 3-1 win against Malaga at the weekend . And despite being downbeat on missing the midweek European encounter against Atletico , the Wales forward was all smiles as he continued his recovery to full-fitness . Gareth Bale took to Facebook on Wednesday to wish Real Madrid good luck against city rivals Atletico . Bale is out of Real 's Champions League quarter-final second leg against Atletico on Wednesday night . The Wales international injured his calf during Saturday 's 3-1 win against Malaga in the opening stages . Accompanied with the caption : ` Gutted not to be playing tonight , but working hard to get back to fitness . Good luck lads !! Real Madrid C.F. ' Bale took to Facebook to upload a picture of himself on an exercise bike at the club on Wednesday afternoon . Along with Bale , Real boss Carlo Ancelotti will also be without first-team regulars Karim Benzema and Luka Modric for the tie . The 55-year-old could start Isco , Jese and Javier Hernandez in the absence of his key triumvirate - something that does n't faze the Italian . ` We are missing some important players but it 's impossible for us to be more motivated than we are . We have to live with injuries . We did it in the past and it will not hurt our confidence , ' Ancelotti said at a press conference . ` Isco has played in Modric 's position before and he did very well there . We have plenty of options even without Bale and Benzema . There 's James , Jese and Chicharito . James has been doing great , both on the right and in midfield . Chicharito is in fine shape as well , both physically and mentally . ` I will choose the best possible line-up . I will select players that will help the team to play like we did in the first leg . I have the best squad in the world in my opinion . ' Jese -LRB- left -RRB- is expected to replace Bale in attack for Real against their bitter rivals at the Santiago Bernabeu .