When George Clooney tied the knot with British lawyer Amal Alamuddin in 2014 , they chose Venice as the place to get married . And no wonder , this stunning city of marble palaces , ancient churches , canals and waterways is a magnet for those in love . Come May , lovers of art will be flocking to the city too as it plays host to its Biennale Art Festival , an exhibition when over 88 nations showcase their country 's best works of art in national pavilions dotted throughout the city . So if you 're heading there then , get a taste of ` la Dolce Vita ' Clooney-style by taking in some of the places the couple made their own and the beautiful scenery that provided the backdrops for their wedding celebrations . Scroll down for video . The Belmond Hotel Cipriani is on the island of Giudecca , just a few minutes by water taxi from Saint Mark 's Square . The views from its restaurant are magnificent . George and Amal 's wedding celebrations lasted over the course of a whole weekend and were at some of Venice 's most exclusive venues . Where to stay : George 's favourite hotel . George loves the Belmond Hotel Cipriani . It was here that both he and Amal , as well as many of their celebrity friends , based themselves during the wedding weekend . Guests at the hotel can try two special cocktails that George created with head barman Walter Bolzonella -- ` Nina 's Passion ' -LRB- named after Clooney 's mother -RRB- and ` Buonanotte ' -LRB- Italian for ` Good Night ' in honour of Clooney 's film Good Night , Good Luck -RRB- . The hotel is on the island of Giudecca , a sliver of land just 300 metres wide and 1.5 miles in length , but its views of some of Venice 's most famous landmarks like St Mark 's Square and the Doge 's Palace are spectacular . The Belmond Hotel Cipriani has double garden view rooms starting from £ 477 per night , including breakfast and taxes . The hotel 's heated swimming pool , set in extensive gardens , is filled with heated seawater and is the only hotel pool in central Venice . Where to eat : The Stag Party restaurant . Clooney kicked the celebrations off with a stag do at one of his favourite eateries in the city , a traditional-style restaurant called Da Ivo , serving food from Northern Italy . George -- a regular patron -- is believed to have given manager pal Giovanni Fracassi just ten minutes ' notice prior to turning up with his stag party friends , among them former supermodel Cindy Crawford 's husband Rande Gerber . The groom ordered five courses followed by two puddings . His party also worked their way through dishes including antipasto and pasta with truffles during their stay at the restaurant , after which a satisfied George personally thanked resident chef Giorgina Mazzero . The bill is believed to have been around £ 3,000 but was waived by manager Giovanni Fracassi . George Clooney leaving the Belmond Hotel Cipriani -LRB- left -RRB- on his way by watertaxi to Ristorante Ivo -LRB- right -RRB- , where he held his stag party . Rande Gerber had also brought several bottles of tequila , which the group enjoyed after their dinner at the exclusive eatery . Producing partner Grant Heslov was also there along with several other of his male companions . Where to soak up the romance : The wedding hotel . George and Amal chose to have their celebrations before they signed the papers to be officially wed. . Guests included Cindy Crawford , Bill Murray , Emily Blunt and Matt Damon , U2 lead singer Bono and US Vogue Editor-in-Chief Anna Wintour . And they could n't have chosen a better venue , Venice 's only ` seven star ' hotel , the super swanky Aman Canal Grande . Located on the Grand Canal and offering glorious views across the city , the hotel has rooms bedecked with historic frescoes and hallways that ooze opulence with hand-crafted chandeliers made on the nearby island of Murano , . It was opened in the 450-year-old Palazzo Papadopoli in 2013 and offers rooms starting in price from an eye-watering € 850 -LRB- £ 609 -RRB- per night , excluding tax and service , but including airport transfers by boat . If you want to really get in the romantic mood , you could book out the suite where the Clooneys stayed on their wedding night ... but it will set you back an eye-watering £ 3,000 . The Aman Canal Grande Venice is located just opposite the Cavalli Palace where George and Amal tied in the knot in their official ceremony . The lavishly-painted Piano Nobile Lounge was the setting for much of George and Amal 's evening wedding festivities . The palace in which the Aman Canal Grande is housed was built in 1550 for a wealthy Venetian family of traders and seafarers . Where to wed : The 16th-century registry office . The final stage in the Clooneys ' whirlwind wedding tour of Venice was when they made it all legal in the official ceremony at a Venetian registry office . They an had a choice of three venues - Cavalli Palace , Cà Farsetti , and Cà Vendramin Calergi . In the end George and Amal chose the Cavalli Palace , a 16th-century Renaissance building in the heart of the city opposite the Aman Canal Grande and close to the famous Rialto Bridge . Its light-filled hall overlooking the Grand Canal makes it a favourite choice for couples getting married . Couples from all over the world flock to Venice to get hitched . Prices for an official ceremony start from € 400 -LRB- £ 286 -RRB- for EU citizens and € 1,600 -LRB- £ 1,150 -RRB- for those from outside the European Union . The bride and groom left on a vaporetto -LRB- water taxi -RRB- appropriately called ` Amore ' accompanied by a flotilla of boats bobbing down the Grand Canal , looking like for all the world like a modern-day version of a painting by Canaletto . George and Amal -LRB- left -RRB- about to enter the Cavalli Palace -LRB- right -RRB- , where they married - it has incredible views over the city 's Grand Canal . A flotilla of boats escorted the Clooneys down the incredible Grand Canal , the dome of St Mark 's Cathedral towers over the scene . Tourists who pay € 8 can take a lift up the 98.6-metre -LRB- 323-ft -RRB- tall bell tower of St Mark 's Cathedral for this spectacular view of the city .