Manchester City playmaker David Silva has returned to training , the club have reported . Silva looked to have been seriously injured on Sunday when he was caught in the face by an elbow from West Ham 's Cheikhou Kouyate . The Spain international received around eight minutes of treatment on the field at the Etihad Stadium before being carried off on a stretcher and taken to hospital for examination . Manchester City playmaker David Silva gives the thumbs up after returning to training on Tuesday . But tests revealed the 29-year-old had suffered no fractures and the club were hopeful he could make swift return to action . That could now be possible with Silva pictured giving cameras a thumbs-up gesture as he returned to training on Tuesday , although he will continue to be monitored this week . Silva was injured after being caught in the face by an elbow from West Ham 's Cheikhou Kouyate -LRB- right -RRB- . The Spain international feels the full force of Kouyate 's elbow in an accidental challenge on Sunday . The West Ham midfielder has apologised to Silva via his Twitter acount . City face FA Cup finalists Aston Villa in their next Barclays Premier League game on Saturday evening . News of Silva 's recovery is a boost for manager Manuel Pellegrini given the club 's already lengthy injury list . Silva lies sprawled out on the ground after being struck down by Kouyate 's challenge . Medical staff and Manchester City players crowd around the stricken midfielder . Silva required eight minutes of treatment , which included wearing an oxygen mask . The 29-year-old was eventually taken to hospital where tests revealed that he had not suffered a fracture . Captain Vincent Kompany is out with a groin injury and might not be fit to return before the end of the season . Midfielder James Milner , defender Gael Clichy and strikers Wilfried Bony and Stevan Jovetic were also sidelined for the 2-0 win over the Hammers . Vincent Kompany -LRB- right -RRB- was forced to watch from the stands as he continues his recovery from injury .