A father and his two sons who accosted pensioners with dementia in the street asking for payment for roof repairs they had n't done have been jailed for a total of eight years . Albert Webb , 51 , and sons Jimmy Chuter , 26 , and Jesse Webb , 19 , followed people aged up to 97 home from the Post Office after they had collected their pensions before demanding the cash . If the victim had no money on them , they would be driven to a nearby cash point to withdraw it , or the trio would con their way into their homes before stealing from them . Albert Webb , 51 , from Surrey , was jailed for three and a half years and son Jimmy Chuter , 26 , was jailed for four years after they harassed pensioners with dementia in the street , demanding money . In total the family gang carried out 35 thefts , starting in February 2012 - when pensioners were still able to withdraw cash from their local Post Office . Most of the victims were women aged in their 70s or 80s , while the eldest was a 97-year-old man . The trio would drive alongside their victims in a silver Mercedes C200 until they got close to their house , before jumping out and telling them they had come to collect payment for roofing work . Jesse Webb , 19 , was due to be sentenced with his father and brother , but went on the run . He was given a 12 month term this week after being caught . In fact , no work had been carried out , but because many of the elderly victims were suffering from dementia , they simply accepted what they were being told . The offending continued until October 2015 across Hertfordshire , Avon and Somerset , Hampshire , Oxford and Surrey . By the time officers from Hertfordshire Constabulary managed to catch up with the gang , it is believed they had taken around £ 15,000 from their vulnerable victims . Appearing at St Albans Crown Court in January , Chuter , from Somerset , was jailed for four years for conspiracy to defraud and Albert Webb , from Surrey , was sentenced to three-and-a-half years for burglary and fraud offences . Jesse Webb was due to be sentenced on the same day , but went on the run . He was tracked down and appeared in the dock on Thursday this week , where he was given 12 months behind bars . Detective constable Kieran Doyle said : ` We were able to arrest his father and brother and bring them before the courts but Jesse evaded police so upon their sentencing , we issued a wanted appeal to trace Jesse . ` We received information which led us to him and I 'm pleased that he has had his day in court . ` These really were shameful crimes and it 's beyond belief that they could stoop so low to pick out their victims and follow them home , and then make them believe they had carried out repairs to their house and harass them for money . ' Officers have started proceedings to confiscate their criminal gains under the Proceeds of Crime Act.The vehicle used during the crimes has already been confiscated by police . St Albans Crown Court heard that the trio would follow their elderly victims , often stalking them home from the Post Office , before jumping out of a car and demanding cash for repairs they had n't done .