If Wigan Athletic are to be relegated from the Sky Bet Championship , then their new manager Gary Caldwell would want to see them go down kicking and screaming . Martyn Waghorn took that a little too literally against Millwall , his red card for a senseless kick at Dan Harding punished by a Lions side determined to avoid a similar fate . When Waghorn , who played for Millwall on loan from Leicester in 2013 , lashed out after failing to win a corner on the hour , it was set up for the hosts to claim three precious points . And they were duly delivered when Jimmy Abdou headed home Harding 's cross with 15 minutes remaining , sending a febrile Den into raptures . Millwall team-mates rush to congratulate substitute Magaye Gueye after he scored their second goal . Lions No 1 David Forde celebrates after Jimmy Abdou came on to break the deadlock with a rare strike . Martyn Waghorn was one of three players sent off - two for Wigan and one for Millwall in the fiesty clash . Millwall : Forde -LRB- c -RRB- ; Cummings , Nelson , Beevers , Harding ; Upson , Abdou , Williams -LRB- Bailey 42 -RRB- , Martin -LRB- Gueye 68 -RRB- ; O'Brien -LRB- Woolford 84 -RRB- , Gregory . Substitutes not used : Archer -LRB- GK -RRB- ; Cowan-Hall , Fuller , Taylor-Fletcher . Scorers : Abdou 75 ; Gueye 90 +3 . Booked : Gregory , Martin , Bailey , Beevers . Sent off : Upson . Wigan Athletic : Carson ; Boyce , Maguire , Pearce , Bong ; Pennant -LRB- Chow 81 -RRB- , Perch -LRB- c -RRB- , Kvist -LRB- Ojo 90 +1 -RRB- , Kim Bo-Kyung , McLean ; Fortune -LRB- Waghorn 53 -RRB- . Substitutes not used : Al Habsi -LRB- GK -RRB- ; McCann , Barnett , Murphy . Booked : Bong , Bo-Kyung . Sent off : Waghorn , Pearson . Referee : Stephen Martin -LRB- Staffordshire -RRB- . In his six seasons at the club , that was only Abdou 's seventh goal . What a time for it . The official Millwall Twitter account reassured followers it was n't a misprint . There was more drama to follow . Jason Pearce followed Waghorn down the tunnel for a dreadful tackle on Aiden O'Brien as tempers flared in the closing stages , with Millwall 's Ed Upson also dismissed for his reaction . The game had threatened to erupt all night . There were two confrontations in the first-half , with Caldwell and his Millwall counterpart Neil Harris on the edge of their technical areas appealing for calm . And a second goal from Magaye Gueye in the third minute of stoppage time made absolutely sure , the substitute leading a breakaway on his own before finishing calmly past Carson . Millwall 's win keeps the Championship relegation battle very much alive and throws the pressure onto Rotherham United , who face Fulham on Wednesday night . The plot could also thicken further if Rotherham are docked three points for fielding an ineligible player in their win over Brighton earlier this month . Hope is still very much alive in south London after this , the gap closed to just four points . Harris had described this match as a ` Cup Final ' and his players responded . Snapping into every challenge , first to every ball , they wanted it more than Caldwell 's men . Wigan 's former Arsenal and Liverpool winger Jermaine Pennant -LRB- left -RRB- takes on Dan Harding of Millwall . Millwall 's Aiden O'Brien -LRB- left -RRB- competes with Emmerson Boyce of Wigan during the relegation six-pointer . The Lions manager proudly declared afterwards : ` That was a Millwall performance , that 's what this club is all about . If the players have n't learned anything from me before tonight , they certainly have now . ` I do n't necessarily condone challenges and melees but if you need a spark at The Den , then you have to take care of your own . ' And he could n't resist a joke at the expense of Abdou 's scoring record after his first goal in two years . ` Jimmy Abdou is a great fellow , a great servant to Millwall FC , ' he said . ` If anyone deserved that goal for his performances since I took over . He has the ability to do that and I 've been telling him for seven years he can do that . ` He 's got the ability in the legs , I think his last goal was in training about three and a half years ago ! ' With Wigan seven points from safety , Millwall 's approach left manager Gary Caldwell irritated . He said : ` There was one team out there trying to play football and another trying to rough us up . ` The game got out of hand second-half , we needed a strong ref in a stadium like this . ' Wigan 's James McClean rattled the outside of the post with a cross-cum-shot that almost caught goalkeeper David Forde out after five minutes , while at the other end , Scott Carson had to race off his line to thwart Aiden O'Brien when he broke clear . But overall the first-half was a poor spectacle , enlivened only by the handbags that engaged the crowd . Wigan 's James Perch -LRB- right -RRB- goes up for a header with Millwall midfielder Shaun Williams . Wigan manager Gary Caldwell looks on nervously as his hopes of survival are dented . Within the first five minutes of the second-half , Millwall created more than their sum total in the first . Former England stopper Carson had to be at his athletic best to turn away an O'Brien shot that seemed destined for the top corner . And when thew red mist descended on Waghorn , there was only one winner . It coincided with Millwall 's best spell in the game and they capitalised when Abdou produced his potentially season-defining header . After Gueye made sure at the end , chants of ` Super Neil Harris ' echoed around the ground . Is another heroic act from this club legend on the cards ?