A university rowing team found themselves caught up in the crossfire when hundreds of flying fish mounted an attack . The first year students at Washington University were practising at Creve Coeur Lake in Missouri when the giant Asian Carp decided to strike . The St. Louis freshman men 's crew were captured on video rowing under a bridge by filmmaker Benjamin Rosenbaum , as he walks up the dock to greet them . The first year students at Washington University were rowing at Creve Coeur Lake in Missouri . Initially everything appears to be calm , until slight splashes can be seen rippling in the water around the boat . The filmmaker lets out a laugh as the ripples get larger and more frequent and fish can be seen leaping from the water . Suddenly all hell breaks loose and without any real warning hundreds of fish jump from the water and hurl themselves at the boat . Initially all is calm until slight splashes can be seen rippling in the water and suddenly the water erupts . The filmmaker laughs at his fellow students as hundreds of fish leap at them from the water . The filmmaker continues to laugh as the students on the boat scream and the shield themselves from the carp . Fish can also be seen jumping into a small boat that overtakes the rowers and quickly speeds out of shot . Eventually the water begins calming once again and less of the fish emerge from the water as the boat comes in to dock . Asian carp are known for getting easily frightened by boats and leaping from water . The water becomes calm again as the majority of fish stop jumping when the boat reaches the dock . The video concludes with the video maker walking around to the boat and filming the individual crewmen , who each look wet and bemused . Asian carp are known for getting easily frightened by boats and reacting by leaping from the water . They have the ability to grow to 100 lbs in mass and to jump as high as 10ft in the air and numerous boaters have received injuries on account of collisions with the fish .