Holmesburg Prison 's 101-year history was filled with violent riots , bloody beatings and most shocking of all - the cruel chemical experimentation on its inmates . Since its construction in 1895 , its high walls housed some of the country 's most dangerous criminals whose uprisings ended in death and mass-injury . And haunting images published in 2011 proved that government doctors used the jail in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania to test chemical substances on inmates and disabled American citizens . Nearly two decades after its closure in 1995 , all that remains of one of the most notorious and violent prisons in American history is cracked paint , crumbling hallways and empty cells which once housed its human guinea pigs . Decay : The 1,200 inmates once housed inside Holmesburg Prison - where some rooms were padded with filthy mattresses -LRB- pictured -RRB- - were subjected to cruel clinical experimentation . Filthy : Since its construction in 1895 , some of the country 's most dangerous criminals walked the halls of Holmesburg prison -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Cruel : Images which emerged in 2011 -LRB- pictured -RRB- showed the aftermath of experiments carried out on the prisons inmates and proved the brutal tests were taking place . Ghostly : These now-empty cells inside the abandoned Philadelphia jail were once occupied by desperate inmates who underwent the cruel procedures for ` money to buy cigarettes ' Command : The guards ran the cruel institution from the ` control room ' where they would monitor and coordinate their response to riots . Silence : Since its closure in 1996 , one of the few things that remain in tact in Holmesburg Prison are the old books read by prisoners who were once used as human guinea pigs . ` Accidental death ' : Many people were killed inside Holmesburg and in one incident in 1952 , an inmate found dead in a bathtub with an autopsy concluding that he was beaten to death . Abandoned : Nearly two decades after its closure in 1996 , the prison 's halls have fallen eerily silent as the terrifying building slowly wastes away . Urban photographer Cindy Vasko captured the eerie silence and gradual decay of the once-overcrowded prison , which has become infamous for the medical testing that took place on its inmates . Prisoners in the jail were paid to test a variety of dangerous substances such as radioactive , hallucinogenic and toxic materials according to an author who saw the intense cruelty with his own eyes . They were deliberately ` exposed to pathogens that caused skin infections ' such as herpes and the fungus which causes athlete 's foot , Allen Hornblum claimed in his book Acres of Skin . He claims that between 1951 and 1974 , these inmates acted as lab rats for over 30 pharmaceutical companies and government agencies . Historic images now show the ` patients ' covered in bandages which for their many wounds and scars . One former prisoner who featured in a book about the cruelty which took place there says he agreed to have a layer of skin peeled of his back - only to be coated with searing chemicals . During the experiment which he took part in for money to buy cigarettes in prison , he remembers screaming : ` Oh my God , my back is on fire ! Take this ... off me ! ' The man coordinating these atrocious exams was renowned dermatologist Dr Albert Kligman who wrote hundreds of scientific papers on what are now considered everyday maladies such as dandruff and acne . But Kligman 's distinguished career was tarnished by accusations of human cruelty inside Holmesburg prison that inspired federal restrictions on human testing , according to the New York Times . Torture : Dissidence was dealt with severely and the men who led a hunger strike in 1938 were locked in ` the bake ovens ' -LRB- not pictured -RRB- where four of them ` roasted to death ' Revolt : When a warden and his deputy were mercilessly stabbed to death in July 1970 , it sparked a massive uprising that left 103 people include 29 other guards severely injured . Experiments : A review of medical journals from the prison revealed that some tests were carried out with the hopes of finding lifesaving treatments . Painful : While others seemed only to quench the curiosity of the men leading the experiments - causing great pain to the patients without yielding any results . Infected : The cruelty unfolding at Holmesburg was not isolated and at Stateville prison -LRB- pictured -RRB- , an army doctor watched malaria-carrying mosquitoes bite the stomach of another inmate . Tragedy : The inmates - who would eat in this now-filthy cafeteria - were deliberately exposed to pathogens that caused skin infections such as herpes and the fungus which causes athlete 's foot . Dangerous : The prison was the site of hundreds of violent attacks , breakouts , corrupt guards and rape of prisoners who stayed in bare cells like this one . Regarding his factory line of human guinea pigs , Mr Hornblum said : ` He had a dozen or two experiments going at one time ... He turned Holmesburg into the K-Mart of human experimentation . It was a real industry . ' Holmesburg has left such a terrifying legacy that it has since been used as the set of violent prison movies such as Animal Factory in 2000 and Law Abiding Citizen starring Gerard Butler in 2009 . Almost 300 former prisoners filed a lawsuit against the City of Philadelphia and Albert Kligman in 2000 , alleging they were cruelly experimented on between 1961 and 1974 . Partly due to the abuses at Holmesburg , federal regulations were tightened up to restrict medical studies inside prisons to those posing minimal risks to inmates . Kligman became a wealthy man and a famous name in dermatology after being credited as the inventor of Retin-A , an acne cream and wrinkle-remover . Kligman denied any wrongdoing , according to the Baltimore Sun who quote him as saying : ` My use of paid prisoners as research subjects in the 1950s and 1960s was in keeping with this nation 's standard protocol for conducting scientific investigations at that time . Brutal : One former prisoner who featured in a book -LRB- not pictured -RRB- about the cruelty which took place there says he agreed to have a layer of skin peeled of his back - only to be coated with searing chemicals . Systematic : Between 1951 and 1974 , inmates housed in these now-empty cells acted as lab rats for over 30 pharmaceutical companies and government agencies . Ringleader : The man coordinating these atrocious exams was renowned dermatologist Dr Albert Kligman who would carry out tests on tables like this . Accused : Dr Kligman denied any wrongdoing and claims his use of ` paid prisoners as research subjects ' was in keeping with the nation 's scientific protocol . ` To the best of my knowledge , the result of those experiments advanced our knowledge of the pathogenesis skin disease , and no long-term harm was done to any person who voluntarily participated in the research program . ' The prison was also the site of hundreds of violent attacks , breakouts , corrupt guards and rape of prisoners , according to Philly.com . It alleges that 25 leaders of a hunger strike in 1938 were locked up in a section of the prisons known as ` the bake ovens ' . The prison guards turned the heat in the rooms up to 190 degrees Fahrenheit and when the doors were opened 58 hours later , four inmates had ` roasted to death ' . In another horrific incident in 1952 , an inmate named Thomas Donato was found dead in a bathtub . Officials claimed he had drowned himself but results of the autopsy concluded he was beaten to death . And when a warden and his deputy were mercilessly stabbed to death in July 1970 , it sparked a massive uprising that left 103 people include 29 other guards severely injured . The prison shifted 235 of its most dangerous inmates to the equally infamous Eastern State Penitentiary following that incident .