Boris Johnson admitted last night he hopes to be considered to lead the Conservative Party after David Cameron . The London Mayor , pressed on his leadership ambitions by Sky News anchor Kay Burley , insisted the position would not become vacant for five years . But in his most candid remarks to date , he finally conceded : ` It would be a wonderful thing to be thought to be in a position to be considered for such an honour . ' Scroll down for video . Ambitious : Boris Johnson admitted last night he hopes to be considered to lead the Conservative Party after David Cameron . Above , the London Mayor , left , joined the Prime Minister at a London nursery yesterday . However he insisted he thinks it is ` highly unlikely ' . Mr Johnson , running to become MP in Uxbridge and South Ruislip , has long been tipped as a future leader of the party , most recently by Mr Cameron . He said last month he would serve a ` full second term ' until 2020 , but not a third and named as potential successors Mr Johnson , Home Secretary Theresa May and Chancellor George Osborne . Yesterday , Mr Johnson said : ` It is at least five years away which is an aeon in British politics , by which time whatever my personal ambitions may be there will be thrusting young men and women who will be overtaking me and who knows , it will all be different . ' Eye on the prize : Mr Johnson , running to become MP in Uxbridge and South Ruislip , has long been tipped as a future leader of the party , most recently by Mr Cameron . Above , the politicians at the nursery yesterday . Potential successors : Mr Cameron named Home Secretary Theresa May and Chancellor George Osborne . Mr Cameron has admitted that what he called his own ` calm smoothness ' could give people the wrong impression about how urgently he wants to win the General Election . He told The Spectator he had ` no end ' of passion but was a Conservative , a tribe of people who ` do n't always wear their beliefs on their sleeve ' . Asked why many people believe he must do more to demonstrate that he really wants to win , he said : ` I do n't know . There is something about me -- I always manage to portray a calm smoothness or something . '