Nicole Kidman has been slammed by an American union representing 25,000 flight attendants for her new ad campaign with Etihad Airways . In an open letter to Kidman , the president of the Association of Professional Flight Attendants , Laura Glading , wrote the sponsorship deal was at odds with the Australian Oscar winner 's role as a United Nations Women 's Goodwill Ambassador . Etihad has rejected the allegation , arguing its commitment to its employees is one of the airline 's top priorities . Scroll down for video . Nicole Kidman has been slammed by an American union representing 25,000 flight attendants for her new ad campaign with Etihad Airways . The union has waged a public campaign against Etihad and other United Arab Emirates airlines claiming they ` are well-known in our industry for their discriminatory labour practices and deplorable treatment of female employees ' . ` Last month , on March 8 , International Women 's Day , you said , `` I envisage a world where all women and girls have equal opportunities and rights ... Now is the time to step it up '' , ' Glading wrote in the letter to Kidman . ` Later that very same week , we saw that you had begun appearing in a new campaign for Etihad , a company that the Wall Street Journal has publicly reported `` may fire women if they become pregnant '' and forces flight attendants to live in `` confinement ' in secure compounds '' . The Association of Professional Flight Attendants argues the Etihad deal was at odds with Kidman 's role as a United Nations Women 's Goodwill Ambassador . The Australian Oscar winning actress stars in Etihad 's new ` Hollywood Glamour ' global brand campaign . ` These are the types of conditions that APFA fought to eradicate decades ago in the United States . ' Kidman stars in Etihad 's new ` Hollywood Glamour ' global brand campaign . Etihad premiered a new TV commercial last month starring and narrated by Kidman , which was shot onboard the airline 's new flagship A380 plane . ` At Etihad Airways , we have become a global , award-winning employer because we value our employees and we treat them with dignity and respect , ' an Etihad spokesperson told AAP . Etihad says it fully supports its cabin crew during and after pregnancies . Etihad has rejected the allegation , arguing its commitment to its employees is one of the airline 's top priorities . Etihad premiered a new TV commercial last month starring and narrated by Kidman , which was shot onboard the airline 's new flagship A380 plane . When a cabin crew member informs Etihad of a pregnancy she is provided with appropriate ground duties for the duration of the pregnancy , remains fully compensated and engaged on the ground and is entitled to paid maternity leave if more than one year 's service is completed , according to the airline . ` Our cabin crew are then able to return to their flying role at the end of their maternity leave period , ' the spokesperson said . ` The health and safety of our cabin crew remains paramount . Therefore , we follow the GCAA -LRB- General Civil Aviation Authority -RRB- requirement that crew do not continue to fly while pregnant . ' Kidman has been contacted for comment . Etihad says it fully supports its cabin crew during and after pregnancies after the union cited news reports suggesting the airline may fire women if they become pregnant .