Ed Miliband 's son has inadvertently waded into the row about the Labour leader 's kitchen as he declared it ` the best ' in his house . The unwitting admission from five-year-old Daniel , to be broadcast tonight , came as Mr Miliband yet again wheeled out his children for the cameras . It is the fourth time they have appeared on screen during the campaign -- once for a BBC profile , again for an interview on ITV 's Good Morning Britain , a third time for a campaign visit in Blackpool over Easter , and again this evening on ITV . Scroll down for video . Kitchen sink dramas : Ed Miliband and his family in the kitchen that has caused so much controversy . Child 's play : Mr Miliband 's son Daniel -LRB- left -RRB- has inadvertently waded into the row about ` two kitchens ' Ed . The comment was made during an ITV interview in which the Milibands , including wife Justine -LRB- right -RRB- , cook eggs . But the move somewhat backfires as his eldest son tells the camera the spartan kitchen -- that last month sparked such controversy for Mr Miliband -- is the ` best ' in the £ 2.7 million home . And it led to accusations that Mr Miliband lives an ` Upstairs , Downstairs ' lifestyle last night as he was forced to admit that he needs two kitchens because the family nanny lives in the basement of his London ` mansion ' . However , Mr Miliband , who is filmed attempting to make scrambled eggs , claims controversy about his kitchen ` makes me laugh ' . He tells ITV 's political editor Tom Bradby : ` This is the kitchen we use , I mean there 's a kitchen downstairs . Our nanny lives downstairs and it 's sort of a basement area , a basement flat . She uses the kitchen downstairs and we use this kitchen . ' But the revelation that he keeps the help downstairs will do little to bolster Mr Miliband 's claim that he is in touch with struggling families . Tory MP Julian Smith : ` This exposes Ed Miliband for the hypocrite and champagne socialist that he is . He claims he is on the side of working people but the reality is his home life is like a scene from Upstairs , Downstairs . ' Daniel , Miliband 's eldest son , tells the camera the spartan kitchen -- that last month sparked such controversy for Mr Miliband -- is the ` best ' in the £ 2.7 million home . In a personal interview with ITV 's Tonight programme , Mr Miliband also brushes aside controversy about embarrassing pictures last year of him struggling to eat a bacon sandwich . But Mr Bradby reveals he has been asked not to film Mrs Miliband eating the eggs her husband has cooked . The Labour leader indicates that spin chiefs have also told him not to be filmed eating , saying : ` Apparently I 'm not allowed to eat them . ' Mr Miliband 's kitchen hit the headlines last month when he was filmed in it by the BBC . In the personal interview , Mr Miliband also brushes aside controversy about embarrassing pictures last year of him struggling to eat a bacon sandwich -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Critics questioned whether the small , utilitarian room could really be the main kitchen in a large North London home that will qualify as a ` mansion ' for the purposes of Labour 's proposed Mansion Tax . Times columnist and Miliband family friend Jenni Russell then intervened to say that the home 's real kitchen is ` lovely ' . She said the room in which Mr Miliband was filmed was a ` functional kitchenette by the sitting room for tea and quick snacks ' . Mr Miliband 's decision to again make prominent use of his sons Daniel and Samuel , four , to bolster his image is also likely to raise eyebrows . The boys are seen playing in a park and heard chatting with their parents . David and Samantha Cameron have allowed much more limited media access to their children . A Labour source said : ` Justine and the children are the most important people in Ed 's life and it is right that the public see he is a father and a family man . '