Bryony Hibbert -LRB- pictured -RRB- , 25 , the girlfriend of the footballer caught having drunken sex in the dugout , has slammed those responsible for the clip . This is the first picture of the girlfriend of the semi-professional footballer caught having drunken sex with a female supporter in the dugout after his team 's 4-1 defeat . Striker Jay Hart , 24 , could be heard laughing on the mobile phone footage as he was caught romping with the mystery blonde in his club T-shirt with his tracksuit bottoms around his legs . He was dismissed after the sex clip of his tryst at Mossley AFC in Tameside was shared on social media and has now begged for his 25-year-old girlfriend Bryony Hibbert 's forgiveness . The 73rd minute substitute for non-league Clitheroe FC , in Lancashire , today admitted he had no idea who the woman was and reached out to Wayne Rooney on Twitter for advice . Speaking for the first time since he was caught in the act , he said : ` All I want say is that I regret doing what I did . ` I was drunk , I 'd had more than a few drinks , and I want to say I 'm sorry to my family and everyone involved at Clitheroe . ` I regret that I did it , not that I got caught . ` I 've spoken and tried to sort things out with Bryony . ` Everyone in the world knows about it , I just want to get my apology out there . ` I have n't seen the girl since , I do n't have a clue who she is , do n't have a clue . ' His team had just suffered a 4-1 defeat at Mossley 's Seel Park stadium in the final game of the season which was billed as a ` ladies day ' to attract more female supporters . The face of the blonde fan can not be seen in the close-up footage . Hart was sacked by the club , which play in Evo-Stik Division 1 North , within hours of the footage being shared to fans . His girlfriend Bryony Hibbert , from Oswaldtwistle , Lancashire , who has two young children , slammed those responsible for filming and sharing the clip . Writing on the Clitheroe Football Club Facebook page , she said : ` Have a bit of decency for the people it 's affected . Thank God my kids are too young to read . It 's disgusting . I bet their families are far from perfect . ' Striker Jay Hart could be heard laughing on the mobile phone footage as he was caught romping with blonde . One person who saw the film , which was shared on Twitter and Instagram , said Mr Hart was unaware he was being filmed at first . He said : ` The camera came round the dugout and there was a blonde female with her head down . The man could n't see the camera because his eyes were closed . ` After a few seconds , he opened his eyes and laughed and the camera panned away again . I 've been to Mossley AFC a few times and it 's clearly their ground . The whole clip is only 10 to 15 seconds . ' Mr Hart said he thinks of Ms Hibbert 's children as his own and has n't seen them since the incident . His mother , Dawn Hart 46 , also revealed Jay 's younger sisters have been targeted by trolls , with someone sending the video to the youngest , aged nine . ` I know he 's done wrong , but at the end of the day , he 's my son and to see what people are saying about him , it 's not nice , ' she said . Mr Hart could be heard laughing on the mobile phone footage as he was caught romping with the mystery blonde . ` People have done a lot worse . Someone sent the video to my girls as well . ` They know something 's gone on but they do n't know what exactly , and to have to explain it to them when someone sends them something like that is horrible . ` It 's had a knock on effect on his girls as well . ' Clitheroe chairwoman Anne Barker said the player had ` brought the club into disrepute ' . She said : ` I ca n't have somebody wearing the Clitheroe FC tracksuit bringing us down . ` It has brought the club into disrepute and it 's not proper for him to scupper our reputation . I expect our players to act professionally . ` It was brought to my attention on Saturday night and dealt with through the management . I did offer to speak to him myself but Simon -LRB- Garner , the manager -RRB- said he would take care of it . ' Mr Hart previously played for Colne FC and Padiham FC before joining Clitheroe , who currently sit 14th in the Evo-Stik League First Division North . First team manager Simon Garner , who signed Mr Hart , said : ` At the time of this unfortunate occurrence on Saturday , I was n't there . I had already left the ground . ` I found out later on when I saw how it played out in Twitter . I 'm disappointed but we ca n't control what the players do outside the time we are with them . ` They choose what they want to do . Unfortunately , Jason was wearing the club tracksuit and he knows he has let the club down , so the club has done what it has done . ` He 's disappointed it has gone this far . It 's going to have consequences for him beyond leaving this football club ; with his family and possibly beyond that . ` Football is only a small part of it . If he had thought about what would have happened when he did it , he would n't have done it . He will pay for it . ` When I spoke to him , he sounded very apologetic about it . I 'm disappointed for him . He will regret what he did and it was totally wrong . ' No-one from Mossley AFC was available for comment yesterday . He was dismissed after the sex clip of his tryst at Mossley AFC in Tameside was shared on social media and has now begged for his 25-year-old girlfriend Bryony Hibbert 's forgiveness . His team had just suffered a 4-1 defeat at Mossley 's Seel Park stadium -LRB- pictured -RRB- in the final game of the season which was billed as a ` ladies day ' Clitheroe chairwoman Anne Barker said the player had ` brought the club into disrepute ' , pictured is the club 's official statement . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .