Blackpool marked their relegation into Sky Bet League One with a 1-1 draw against Reading , but the fireworks were restricted to outside of Bloomfield Road as long-suffering supporters held protests against Seasiders chairman Karl Oyston . The Tangerines ' demotion into the third tier was finally confirmed on Easter Monday and that triggered pre-match public displays of fury from fans at the Oyston family 's handling of the club on Tuesday . Dozens of supporters gathered outside the West Stand 45 minutes before kick-off and hurled eggs at the back of the directors ' boxes before a flare , smoke bomb and firework were tossed into the cordoned-off area in front of the main reception area . Jamie O'Hara scored from the penalty spot to give Blackpool a lead against Reading on Tuesday night . But defender Grant Hall scored an own goal just after half-time to leave Lee Clark disappointed . Yakubu tussles with Costa Rica international Jose Cubero , who enjoyed a rare start for Blackpool . Blackpool : Lewis -LRB- Parish 73 -RRB- ; Hall -LRB- Maher 50 -RRB- , Clarke , O'Dea , Dunne ; Cubero , O'Hara , Perkins , Orlandi -LRB- Osavi-Samuel 78 -RRB- , Jacobs ; Madine . Goal : O'Hara -LRB- pen , 6 -RRB- . Booked : O'Hara . Reading : Federici ; Gunter , Pearce , Knight , Obita ; McCleary -LRB- Mackie 45 -RRB- , Ake , Norwood , Robson-Kanu ; Yakubu -LRB- Cox 78 -RRB- , Appiah -LRB- Pogrebnyak 45 -RRB- . Goal : Hall -LRB- OG , 46 -RRB- . Ref : G. Eltringham . Att : 9,614 . With stewards and police present , the scenes did not descend into violence but the message delivered from those in attendance was clear - they want Oyston to depart a team that this week became the first in the Football League to be relegated . On the pitch , Jamie O'Hara 's early penalty was cancelled out by Grant Hall 's unfortunate own goal just 20 seconds after the restart as the basement-dwelling Seasiders ' winless run was extended to 13 games . Some of the supporters who congregated in front of the West Stand did not even walk into a half-empty stadium for the game and they missed their side taking a sixth-minute lead . Zat Knight got the wrong side of Sheffield Wednesday loanee Gary Madine and tripped him from behind , allowing O'Hara to step up and stroke the resulting penalty into the corner as Adam Federici guessed the wrong way . Blackpool fans gathered outside Bloomfield Road to protest against the Oyston family . Blackpool 's main reception at Bloomfield Road was pelted with eggs before their game with Reading . A fan walks out of a Fish and Chips shop , next to a shop selling t-shirts and banners supporting protests . The cut-up pitch arguably denied the hosts a second as the ball bobbled away from David Perkins , who had orchestrated a three-on-two break , on the edge of the Royals ' penalty area . Winger Michael Jacobs then blasted into the side-netting from 25 yards as Blackpool entered the interval with a one-goal lead . That disappeared 20 seconds after the restart , though , when the Royals made a lightning start to the second period . Pavel Pogrebnyak made inroads down the left flank and he squared for Yakubu , whose shot back across goal smashed against the unfortunate Hall before going over the line . Hall stayed on the turf and after woozily returning to his feet , he was replaced by Niall Maher . Perkins bent an effort narrowly past a post but Joe Lewis and Federici remained largely untroubled , as did Blackpool substitute Elliot Parish when he replaced an injured Lewis , with Pogrebnyak 's header off target the closest either side came to a winner . The result leaves Lee Clark 's side on 25 points , still one point shy of the lowest points tally ever accumulated by a team in the second tier when there have been 24 teams competing .