Frozen salt and vinegar crisp , anyone ? We all know freezing is a great way of preserving foods . But believe it or not , the process can make some things taste even better . From cakes to curries , freezing brings out more of their flavour and boosts the texture . Here , Tessa Cunningham puts a host of our favourite foods to the frozen test ... CAKES . If you think nothing beats the gooey deliciousness of a home-made cake fresh from the oven , think again . Resist the temptation to cut that first slice straight away and , instead , put your cake into the freezer . Scroll down for video . The gooey deliciousness of a cake fresh out of the oven is unbeatable but they can dry out and get stale very quickly . Freeze your cake for 24 hours straight from the oven and the sponge will be bouncier than ever . After being frozen for 24 hours , the sponge will be even bouncier because this process boosts the moisture , so you get an even creamier and softer centre . Let your cake cool entirely , then put it into the freezer without a wrapping . Once frozen solid , wrap it in clingfilm , and it can be kept frozen for up to three months . When you are ready to tuck in , defrost for up to three hours , until thawed . HERBS AND SPICES . Keeping fresh herbs in the freezer will intensify their flavour because they take on moisture during the freezing process . Once defrosted , it also makes them softer , so all their lovely juices seep out more readily and the flavours are more potent . Tough herbs such as rosemary and thyme preserve the best , but ginger , lemongrass , garlic and chilli will last up to six months when frozen . By keeping fresh herbs in the freezer you will intensify their flavour because they take on moisture during the freezing process . Just pop stems in a plastic container and freeze . You can sprinkle frozen chilli , garlic and ginger into stews , fishcakes or curries . Frozen herbs are also brilliant in pies , pasta and pestos . You can even freeze them in ice cube trays with a drizzle of water . That way , they can go straight into a stew or soup -- no defrosting needed . CRISPS . Left out for just a few hours , crisps will start going stale and soggy . But even wrapping left-overs in clingfilm to seal out the oxygen wo n't keep them super crunchy . Crisps have a tendency to go stale and soggy once they have been left out for a few hours but this problem can be solved if you simply pop them in an airtight back and put them in the freezer . So if you 've ever found yourself scoffing a big bag just so that they are n't wasted , stop right now . Pop the crisps in an airtight bag and place them in the freezer . They will stay fresh for at least two months . By extracting air , freezing makes the crisps crunchier and they can even be eaten straight from frozen . NUTS . Once you open a bag of nuts , the clock starts ticking . As nuts have a high oil content , they go rancid very quickly . Now , you have a solution -- freezing will preserve the flavour and texture instantly . Due to the high oil content of nuts , they go rancid very quickly but freezing them will preserve the flavour and texture right away . To freeze peanuts , walnuts , pecans , macadamias , cashews , hazelnuts and almonds -LRB- shelled or unshelled -RRB- , wrap them in clingfilm , then place them in a resealable bag . They will keep for up to a year and , when you want to eat them , they 'll defrost in less than an hour . TOMATOES . Fed up with struggling to peel the skins off tomatoes ? Freeze them first then , once thawed for two hours , the skin will come off easily . That 's because the freezing process loosens the skins . While you probably wo n't want to use frozen tomatoes in salads , as it makes the flesh slightly squishy , it does intensify the flavour . Peeling the skin off tomatoes can be really tricky , but if you freeze them and let them thaw for a couple of hours the skin will come off much more easily . So , once defrosted , you can use your tomatoes to make richer sauces for pasta and stews , or as a topping for pizzas . Alternatively , before freezing , roast your tomatoes at a gentle temperature with garlic , fresh herbs and a drizzle of olive oil for up to four hours . When cooled , transfer them to freezer bags . Use in chilli or home-made tomato sauces . CURRY . Curries do n't only have to be enjoyed the first time round -- you can freeze the leftovers and reheat when needed . Freezing a curry is a great way to make the most of leftovers especially because as the curry cools the flavours and aromas combine to create even better seasoning . And hey presto ! , they taste even yummier . That 's because , as the curry cools , the flavour and aroma compounds mingle together , developing more seasoned notes . The individual flavours you tasted the first time around , such as cinnamon , garlic and nutmeg , are still there . But the effect is more mellow . RASPBERRIES . Frozen raspberries are great scattered on muesli , added to ice cream or whizzed in smoothies . While freezing may make the berries a bit softer , it accentuates their sharp , fresh flavour , too . Frozen raspeberries can be delicious when sprinkled through muesli , added to ice cream or whizzed into a tasty fruit smoothie . Place your berries in a single layer on a baking tray and put the tray in the freezer . Once they are frozen , you can put them into an airtight bag or plastic container and store in the freezer . They will stay good for up to a year . BANANAS . Fancy a healthy , guilt-free ice cream ? Then tuck into a frozen banana after dinner . Bananas have a high pectin content , which gives them a creamy , rich texture when frozen -- just like ice cream . When bananas are frozen they adopt a creamy , rich texture which makes them a great guilt-free ice cream . To freeze , peel a ripe banana and chop into thin slices . Put into an airtight container and freeze until solid -LRB- around two hours -RRB- . Decant the slices into a blender or food processor and whizz . In seconds , your frozen banana will look just like ice cream and taste every bit as yummy . Scoop into a bowl and enjoy . For an indulgent treat , add chocolate chips or nut flakes .