The Residence : Inside The Private World Of The White House . by Kate Andersen Brower . -LRB- Harper £ 18.99 -RRB- . For Americans , the White House is as iconic and royal a palace as you can get . For non-Americans , it is a respected power symbol , but not one to be especially loved . Kate Brower , an American journalist assigned to cover the Obama White House , became intrigued by the workings of the mansion after watching Downton Abbey.She set about interviewing the staff , who number at least 100 , to build up a comparable picture of the American version of Upstairs , Downstairs . The staff all live out in Washington and commute in . The hours are long . Those on duty can not go home until the President retires and goes to bed . So they see little of their families and are often divorced as a result . The pay is not great , but the job is prestigious and passed by personal recommendation among friends . Most of them have stayed there for 20 years or more . Ronald Reagan -LRB- pictured with his wife , Nancu -RRB- , on the other hand , was over-chummy , so eager to talk to them that servants actually tried to dodge him in order not to get caught for hours . The West Wing is the President 's office quarters ; the East Wing belongs to the First Lady and her office staff . ` The Residence ' , as the living quarters are called , really begins on the second floor and is kept hidden from the hundreds of tourists who parade through the state rooms every afternoon . Keeping the organisation running smoothly , from the workshops in the basement to the snipers on the roof , is a complex operation . It costs money -- $ 13 million a year from government funds , plus a hefty contribution from the First Family itself . Presidents and their wives have to pay for their own food and drink and that of their personal guests . They are also charged for dry-cleaning . Even well-heeled First Ladies are always appealing to keep the bills down , especially in the kitchens where top chefs are above such considerations as cost . Jackie Kennedy was heard to complain : ` We have n't nearly as much money as you read in the papers ' ; while the Carters even asked the kitchen to serve them leftovers for their personal meals . The White House is never untenanted . The changeover of President takes place at 12 noon on Inauguration Day . Between then and 5 pm , the entire moving out and in of the two families and their respective belongings has to be completed . The staff include ushers , chefs , maids , doormen , engineers , plumbers , full-time florists -LRB- the flower bill is enormous -RRB- , even calligraphers who are kept busy writing invitations in fine script . But the glory of the place is its corps of butlers -- six of them full-time , plus dozens more called in for big receptions , parties and dinners . Even well-heeled First Ladies are always appealing to keep the bills down , Jackie Kennedy -LRB- pictured with her John F Kennedy -RRB- was heard to complain : ` We have n't nearly as much money as you read in the papers ' Most , by tradition , are black . There is a picture of ten of them taking a break between courses in their black ties . What is the collective noun for such a fine body of men ? A bevy of butlers ? The Kennedys and the Clintons liked staying up late and entertaining until 2 am , which meant that those on duty did n't get home until much later than that . This did n't go down well . Oddly enough , the best-liked couple were the older Bushes -- George H. W. and his wife , Barbara , who were used to having plenty of servants and were relaxed and genuinely concerned about them . The black staff , especially the elderly butlers who remembered segregation , are especially proud to serve the Obamas as the first black presidential family . One found Obama and his wife , Michelle , celebrating gaining The White House on their first night there with an impromptu dance to a record by Mary J. Blige . And yet the Obamas have turned out to be rather reserved and distant with the staff -- even , says one , ` stand-offish ' . Ronald Reagan , on the other hand , was over-chummy , so eager to talk to them that servants actually tried to dodge him in order not to get caught for hours . He had a disconcerting habit of sitting around naked reading the newspapers . His wife , Nancy , by contrast , was a martinet who collected Limoges china . Woe betide anyone who broke a piece . She would call a servant to say that the lights needed turning on when the switch was within easy reach . When she was going to be difficult about the meal service , which was frequently , she would send for the chef , cock her head on one side and smile -- and then find fault , usually with the desserts served by chef Roland Mesnier . Unlike some presidential couples , the Clintons -LRB- pictured -RRB- used to share a bedroom -- until the Lewinsky scandal - when Bill was relegated to the sofa in the study for a matter of time . Once , she decided at the last moment that the dessert for a state dinner should be sugar baskets each containing three sugar tulips . Chef Roland objected : ` But there are only two days left until the dinner ! ' She cocked her head : ` Roland , you have two days and two nights before the dinner . ' Richard Nixon installed a bowling alley in the basement . He used to wander into the kitchens for a chat and discovered a washer-up who was also a keen bowler . They went on playing until 2 am . Nixon then wrote a note to the man 's wife to explain why he was so late home . The Carters made news by appointing a convicted murderess as nanny to their daughter , Amy . Rosalynn Carter was convinced she was innocent , and the first family 's confidence was justified when the verdict was reversed . Unlike some presidential couples , the Clintons used to share a bedroom -- until the Lewinsky scandal reached its height in 1998 . For three or four months , Hillary made Bill sleep on a sofa in a study attached to the bedroom . Most women on the staff thought he 'd got what he deserved . The feuding Clintons were the talk of the staff , who overheard their bad language and the sound of objects being thrown in bedrooms . Hillary 's voice screaming ` Goddam bastard ! ' was followed by a heavy thud . Much blood was discovered all over the bed . No one believed that her husband , who needed several stitches , had walked into a bathroom door in the dark , as he explained . ` We 're pretty sure she clocked him with a book , ' said one member of staff . There were certainly plenty to hand -- there were at least 20 on the Clintons ' bedside tables , including the Bible . But the biggest disturber of the peace was the huge bully from Texas , Lyndon B. Johnson , who succeeded the assassinated J. F. Kennedy . He gloried in his size -LRB- 6 ft 3 in -RRB- and his achievements . He had TV sets installed everywhere and kept several on loudly as he watched himself in the newscasts . He undressed in front of the staff and gave them instructions while sitting on the lavatory , whose seat had to be replaced with a bigger one when he broke it . He drove the plumbers to nervous breakdowns over his shower . It was never hot enough nor strong enough for him . They replaced one after the other until the water came out as if from a fire hose and the heat generated set off the fire alarm . One water jet had to be aimed precisely at his penis -LRB- which he called ` Jumbo ' -RRB- and another up his rear end . He raged at the plumbers until he got satisfaction . Such was the man who escalated the Vietnam War .