Tracy Morgan looks to be improving as he was spotted out with his family on Monday . Still , he appeared to strain and wince as he joined his fiancee Megan Wollover and their daughter Maven as they did some shopping in New Jersey . It comes almost one year after he was first hospitalized following a tragic accident which claimed the life of his friend James McNair and injured three others . Morgan suffered a traumatic brain injury as well as a broken leg , a broken nose and broken ribs in the accident . Scroll down for video . Tracy Morgan was seen in public looking greatly improved as he walked with a cane on Monday , almost a year after his horrific auto accident . Morgan was accompanied by his fiancee Megan Wollover and their daughter Maven -LRB- above -RRB- for a shopping trip in new Jersey . This comes a little over a month after Morgan was forced to miss the Saturday Night Live 40th anniversary special , though he was acknowledged for his many contributions to the show in which his 30 Rock castmates Tina Fey and Alec Baldwin introduced one of his most famous characters , the eccentric zoologist Brian Fellows . Morgan 's attorney recently revealed Morgan is still struggling to simply return ` to the way he was ' after this trauma . Morgan was critically injured in early June when a Wal-Mart tractor-trailer rammed into a limousine bus he and his friends were travelling in on the New Jersey Turnpike . The comedian was returning home to New York City from a show at a Delaware casino . He spent almost two months in the hospital and rehab following the accident before he could return home , and the extent of his brain injury is still unknown . ` He 's fighting to get better , and if there 's a chance for him to be back to the Tracy Morgan he once was , he 's going to try to do that , ' said his lawyer Benedict Morelli last November . ` But we just do n't know because of the severity of the injuries that he sustained and the fact that he had such a severe brain injury . ' The actor did appear much better than the last time he was spotted earlier this month , also walking with a cane . The driver of the tractor-trailer , Kevin Roper , was charged with death by auto and four counts of assault by auto in a New Jersey state court . New Jersey State Police at the scene of the multi-vehicle accident on the New Jersey Turnpike last June . Morgan with his fiancee and daughter last March , just moths before the accident . Last December , Morgan and his attorneys accused Wal-Mart of stalling in a federal lawsuit they have brought against the company over their safety practices after it was reported that Roper was asleep at the wheel at the time of the crash . Following the incident , Roper took to Twitter to deny claims he was under the influence at the time of the accident , saying ; ` I was never charged at the scene of the accident because once again i was not guilty of any crime . Not until all the TV cameras came . ' The Georgia resident also stated that he felt ` horrible ' and ` wished it was him who was hurt ' before writing ; ` So yes i am now most likely f **** d because i had an unfortunate ACCIDENT with the wrong car that night . ' Roper recently asked a judge to delay Morgan 's lawsuit against Wal-Mart until his criminal case in New Jersey is settled . Morgan was forced to put an FX series he had in development on hold after the accident , though his new film with Chris Rock , Take Five , was released in December . He came out against Wal-Mart in a public statement this past September after they accused him of being at fault during the accident for not wearing a seatbelt . ` I ca n't believe Walmart is blaming me for an accident they caused , ' he said at the time . ` I 'm fighting hard every day to get back . '