Labour will ` never ' walk away from the European Union , Ed Miliband will say today . In a rare foreign policy speech , the Labour leader will pledge to ` restore our commitment ' to the EU and other international groups such as the United Nations . Mr Miliband has all but ruled out a referendum on Europe , saying it is ` very unlikely ' there will be a transfer of powers to the EU that would trigger one . Scroll down for video . In a rare foreign policy speech , Labour leader Ed Miliband -LRB- pictured above -RRB- will today pledge to ` restore Britain 's commitment ' to the European Union and other international groups such as the United Nations . Today he will accuse David Cameron of ` taking Britain to the edge of European exit ' . And he will pledge to embrace the EU in a bid to secure reforms . ` We will be rebuild our influence , and that starts with the EU , ' he will say . ` I want a clear message to be sent to our European partners that an incoming Labour government will be serious about leading once again in Europe and serious also about reforming Europe . ` Leaving Europe would be profoundly damaging to the lives of our people and the future of our country . We will never put the national interest at risk by threatening to leave . ' His comments echo a controversial intervention this month by Tony Blair , who said Britain 's membership of the EU was ` too important ' to put to a public vote . Ukip 's Nigel Farage . He was a foreigner thought to have been born in Turkey . But Ukip has insisted St George would be welcome in Britain today because of his skills as a dragon slayer . Yesterday on St George 's Day , the party announced that it would make it a Bank Holiday in England . At the policy launch , economic spokesman Patrick O'Flynn faced questions over whether England 's patron saint would have been welcomed by Ukip . In its election manifesto the party has said it would have a five-year moratorium on unskilled migrants moving to the country . Mr O'Flynn said : ` Well , I guess dragon-slaying is a skill but whether it is one that 's in short supply for the needs of the British economy , we will leave to our migration commission . ' The party said it wanted to end a ` cultural self-loathing ' about being proud to be English . Nigel Farage yesterday celebrated St George 's Day at a working men 's club in Ramsgate , in the South Thanet constituency he is hoping to represent . Asked whether Ukip would have welcomed St George , Mr Farage said : ` I think there 's room within our immigration policy for heroes . ' Mr Miliband 's decision to turn his back on a referendum has angered some senior Labour figures , who fear it leaves the party looking dangerously out of touch with public opinion . But he will claim today that Britain 's hopes of achieving reform in Brussels have been weakened by Mr Cameron 's pledge to hold an In/Out referendum by the end of 2017 . ` This government 's approach to Europe means that even when Britain 's interests are shared by other member states , EU leaders are reluctant to support us because they think we already have one foot out of the door , ' he will say . He will accuse the Prime Minister of backing a referendum because he is ` too weak ' to take on his party 's Right-wingers and his fear of Ukip . In an incendiary claim he will warn that Mr Cameron ` has presided over the biggest loss of influence for our country in a generation ' . Mr Miliband 's claim to statesmanship will anger Tory high command , who point out he withdrew his support for strikes on Syria for its use of chemical weapons in 2013 under pressure from Left-wingers in his shadow cabinet . But the Labour leader will accuse the Tories of failing to learn the lessons of the Iraq War . He will also commit to putting climate change ` at the core of Labour 's foreign policy ' , including pushing for costly targets to cut carbon emissions to zero . Former business secretary Lord Mandelson last night admitted voters were still spooked by the economic record of the last Labour government . He told Channel Four News : ` People like Labour 's values and feel they are more in touch , but they have a problem about their record from the last government , and the last two years where people feel , fairly or not , that we allowed debt , borrowing and the deficit to run away from us . ' Lord Mandelson also acknowledged there was ` quite of lot of fear ' among business leaders about the prospect of a Labour government . But he insisted it was ` misplaced ' . Mr Miliband -LRB- pictured above -RRB- is accusing David Cameron of ` taking Britain to the edge of European exit ' With only David Cameron or Ed Miliband in a position to be Prime Minister after the election , voters face a stark choice on immigration policy . Here , JAMES SLACK examines the key differences between the party manifestos . NET MIGRATION . Tories : Re-state commitment to cut net migration to the ` tens of thousands ' from current level of 300,000 . Make it harder for non-EU citizens to get marriage visas to enter the UK . Cap number of non -- EU work visas at 20,700 . Labour : No upper limit on net migration . Last Labour government presided over a deliberate open door policy which saw the foreign-born population rocket by 3.6 million . Ed Miliband has said sorry for the calamitous underestimate of the number of Eastern Europeans who arrived -- but , crucially , he refuses to accept unprecedented levels of non-EU migration were a mistake . MIGRANTS FROM EU . Tories : No in-work benefits for four years . Benefits for jobseekers stopped . Residency requirement for social housing . Citizens of poor countries which join the EU denied free movement . Labour : Prevent migrants from claiming handouts for two years . Support open borders with the EU . Would block in/out referendum or attempt to curb free movement . ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS . Tories : New system of ` deport first , appeal later ' to dramatically increase number of removals . Fit electronic tags on foreign criminals so they can be monitored by satellite pending deportation . Scrap Human Rights Act . Labour : Ideologically-wedded to HRA . Vague promise to ` deport those who commit crimes while they are here ' . Last Labour government released 1,000 overseas convicts without even considering them for deportation . FOREIGN STUDENTS . Tories : Clamp down on satellite campuses opened in London by universities based elsewhere in UK . Since 2010 party has closed 850 of the bogus colleges which proliferated under Labour . Labour : No mention of bogus colleges . Under last Labour government , wholesale abuse saw number of student visas issued more than triple . The National Audit Office found that in the 2009 as many as 50,000 bogus students may have entered the UK to work rather than study .