Boko Haram fighters have been murdering dozens of young women and girls they had taken as ` wives ' and using children as ` expendable cannon fodder ' , the U.N. 's human rights chief said today . As the Islamist militant group has retreated from parts of northeastern Nigeria , ` gruesome scenes of mass graves and further evident signs of slaughter , ' has been brought to light , Zeid Raad al-Hussein told a special session of the U.N. Human Rights Council in Geneva . Boko Haram 's reported use of children as shields and human bombs would , if confirmed , constitute war crimes and crimes against humanity , he said . Scroll down for video . ` War criminals ' : Zeid Ra'ad Al Hussein , U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights , told the U.N. Human Rights Council in Geneva that if reports are true , BGoko Haram have committed crimes against humanity . Boko Haram leader Abubakar Shekau -LRB- pictured -RRB- and his group of insurgents have reportedly been murdering women forced into marriage with fighters , and using children as ` expendable cannon fodder ' This comes in response to last week 's reports that hundreds of women and children had been seized from Nigerian primary schools by Boko Haram militants to be used as ` human shields ' . The Islamic militants took as many as 500 adults and children from primary schools in the north-eastern town of Damasak in late February , Mike Omeri , spokesman for the fight against Boko Haram , confirmed . ` Boko Haram rushed to primary schools they took children and adults that they are using as shields to protect themselves from the menacing advance of troops , ' he added . There has also been eye-witness reports of the insurgents slaughtering dozens of Nigerian women who had been forced to marry Boko Haram fighters , before a battle with government troops in the northeast town of Bama . Witnesses said the women 's Islamist militant ` husbands ' feared they would be killed by advancing troops , and murdered their ` wives ' to prevent them from subsequently marrying soldiers or ` infidels ' . A member of the Nigerian army covers his nose as human remains are discovered at the former prison of Bama , used by Boko Haram to hold any opponents , many of who were killed when the militants fled the town . Civilians who fled the fighting in Bama and the surrounding areas in recent days walk at a makeshift camp for displaced people on the outskirts of Maiduguri . Mr Al-Hussein , U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights , also told the council that there are ` persistent and credible reports ' of serious rights violations by Nigerian and other security forces responding to Boko Haram . Mr Al-Hussein , son of Prince Ra'ad bin Zeid of Jordan , called for ` thorough and fully transparent investigations ' by authorities . Zeid Ra'ad Al Hussein , U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights , is the son of Prince Ra'ad bin Zeid of Jordan , also head of the Royal Houses of Iraq and Syria , . However , the UN does not permit the use of royal or other titles by its officials in the context of their official work . Boko Haram has been waging a guerilla war in northern Nigeria and also attacked towns in neighboring countries , prompting nations in the region including Chad and Niger to put together a force to combat them . The newly elected president of Nigeria , General Muhammadu Buhari , who beat incumbent Goodluck Jonathan in a landslide win last night , has promised to ` stamp out ' the insurgency . In Kano state , where Boko Haram 's ` war ' on the civilian population has been most prominent , Buhari delivered a crushing defeat to Jonathan , winning 1.9 million votes for Jonathan 's 215,800 .