Former QPR manager Harry Redknapp says that Tottenham have not made any progress under Mauricio Pochettino this season , insisting he has been rescued by the kids . Spurs are almost certain to miss out on Champions League football again with club currently occupying a place only in the top six , although they did reach their first major final since 2009 this season . Argentine boss Pochettino has put his faith in the likes of Harry Kane , Nabil Bentaleb and Ryan Mason , while more experienced , higher-profile players have been pushed out to the fringes . Harry Redknapp says Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino has been rescued by the kids this season . Harry Kane has scored 20 Premier League goals this season , while Ryan and Mason has played a key role . Redknapp insists the club have not moved forward under their Argentine manager this season . And former Spurs boss Redknapp , who led the club to two top-four finishes during his tenure , says that a sixth or seventh place finish this season is not progress . ` I like the manager , I think he 's excellent , ' Redknapp told Sky Sports . ` He is a great guy as well . ` But let 's be honest , they have n't pulled up any trees . Finishing sixth or seventh is certainly not going forward . But he needs another year . ` Really , he 's been rescued by the kids this season - Harry Kane , Ryan Mason , Nabil Bentaleb , Danny Rose , Andros Townsend , Kyle Walker . Former QPR boss Redknapp was also critical of Tottenham 's recruitment policy after selling Gareth Bale . Roberto Soldado joined the club for £ 25.9 million but has struggled to make an impact . ` They have been the best players at the club and have probably kept them going . Redknapp has also criticised Tottenham 's recruitment policy after the club spent the money received from the sale of Gareth Bale on big-money signings that have failed to deliver . Roberto Soldado -LRB- £ 25.9 million -RRB- , Erik Lamela -LRB- £ 25m -RRB- and Paulinho -LRB- £ 17m -RRB- have all struggled to justify their hefty price tags . Argentina international Erik Lamela is another that has failed to live up to a hefty price tag . ` They have bought players in and have n't spent wisely . The players that have been brought in are n't down to him . ` The big signings that have come in have been a disaster . That is something Daniel is going to have to look at , the recruitment was poor . ` They have changed that around now and I think they have new people coming in . They have to make sure when they make more signings , they 're better than the ones they 've got . '