Most women have known the frustrated feeling of nursing the broken heel of a irreplaceable shoe . Or perhaps even experienced the struggle of finding footwear that is appropriate for all occasions . Tanya Heath Paris has revolutionised women 's footwear with her collection of shoes that feature an interchangeable heel . Scroll down for video . Tanya Heath Paris features hundreds of heel varieties that slide and click into place , and can be released at the push of a button . A high heel -LRB- up to 3.5 inches -RRB- can be swapped for a lower heel -LRB- 1.5 inches -RRB- , without compromising the style . The first of their kind , the shoes , which start from £ 260 -RRB- are supposedly comfortable and come in a variety of styles . Every shoe features a button on the inside of the shoe , in the centre of the heel . Once a new heel is slid into the shoe , it is locked into place , and at the press of the button , the heel can be released and slid out of place . The fact that the heel unlocks also makes awkward packing attempts a lot easier , and means that the heels can be also be slipped into an evening bag . In terms of storing the shoes , the heel can easily be slid off and packed away , which makes for less clumsy carrying or packing . There are hundreds of heel varieties available , from high to low , stiletto to chunky , and in a large array of prints . The brand was perfected in September 2013 , with the tagline reading : ` Same shoe , different heels , endless possibilities . ' From strappy metallic sandals , to versatile black pumps , there are styles to fit all occasions , and that 's before the multitude of heel choices are taken into consideration . Canadian-born designer Tanya Heath has lived and worked in Paris for the last 20 years . The interchangeable heels come in all widths , from chunky and secure , to a stylish stiletto , and prints vary from leopard print , to pink glitter , to even adorned with metal spikes . Undoubtedly , the real sell is that , without changing the form or composition of the actual shoe , a high heel -LRB- up to 3.5 inches -RRB- can be swapped in for a low heel -LRB- 1.5 inches -RRB- . Masterminding the brand is Canadian fashion designer , Tanya Heath . The 44-year-old has lived and worked in Paris for the last 20 years , and worked in strategy , consulting , technology and private equity . Also a wife and a mum of three , Heath had no prior professional training and was completely self-taught . When Tanya talks about inspiration for the start of the brand , she insists that it was completely personal . ' -LSB- The inspiration was -RSB- From my life . I wore high heels to work , to restaurants , to parties . ` I wore them everywhere but I could never manage the pain . Once I nearly had a car accident when my heel locked under the break . ` I just fantasised non-stop about a shoe where you could just take the heels off , and that would go from a comfortable low-heel to a high-heel , and still make me look good ! ' Tanya has admitted that it was difficult to create a shoe , where the composition would n't change depending on the height of the heel . ` It took 14 engineers and two and a half years to perfect the arch and the clip . ` Once we had a working principle , over 10 designers , shoe technicians and last specialists worked on creating styles that work in multi-height . ' Her shoe collection has now become fully integrated with her own wardrobe . She has worn a style from the collection ` every day of my life for the past 3 years ! ' Tanya Heath 's invention means that high stilettos -LRB- pictured left -RRB- can be swapped for a chunky more comfortable heel -LRB- pictured right -RRB- depending on the occasion . It 's not only just the heel height that 's the selling point - different prints can boost the outfit . In this case , pink sparkly heels are being chosen and slid on . In terms of the celebrities Tanya would want to wear the heels , the list is endless . ` There are so many women who I admire . I would love Kate Middleton to try a pair because she has single-handedly re-branded fashion for the monarchy . ` And also Emma Thompson , who was so clearly unhappy with the comfort of her heels last year at the Academy Awards . '