Craig Gardner hailed a ` massive ' win for West Brom at Crystal Palace on Saturday as the Baggies eased their relegation fears . The midfielder scored a spectacular strike as former Palace boss Tony Pulis enjoyed a 2-0 win on his first return to Selhurst Park . The Welshman left Palace on the eve of the new season and has since taken over at the Hawthorns - with three points in south London crucial having seen his side lose their last three in the Premier League . West Brom midfielder Craig Gardner celebrates having scored the second for Tony Pulis ' side . But Gardner , whose trademark second-half goal added to James Morrison 's early header , knows the job is still not yet complete even if West Brom now sit eight points clear of the bottom three . ` Yes , it 's massive , ' he said when asked about the importance of the victory . ` The gaffer has given us the target of 40 points and we will be disappointed if we do n't hit that . ` We had two or three bad results on the spin and it 's nice to get a win over the line after those . We were expecting what they brought with us and we dealt really well with it . ' Gardner revealed the set-piece which led to Morrison heading home in the second minute came straight from the training ground as he now looks to add to his own tally for the season . ` It was a start that we worked on all week in training and it has worked perfectly , ' he added . Gardner lets fly with this long range strike , which ended up doubling West Brom 's lead at the Selhurst Park . Before two minutes on the clock , James Morrison -LRB- right -RRB- headed West Brom ahead following a corner . On the goal he scored , Gardner added : ` It was nice to catch one like that , over the years I 've caught a couple of sweet ones and I usually get a couple in a season so I 'm waiting for another one now . ' For Palace , their fine run of form may have come to an abrupt end but Scott Dann , who was signed by Pulis in January 2014 , insists the squad will dust themselves down and look to go again at home to relegation-threatened Hull next weekend . ` We 've been on a great run , ' he told Palace 's official website . West Brom captain Darren Fletcher -LRB- right -RRB- celebrates with goalscorer James Morrison at Crystal Palace . ` We 've come into the game high on confidence and we felt we were going to get the three points today . ` We conceded the early goal which was a big setback for us and we could n't get back into the game but these things happen in the Premier League . ` We 've got to pick ourselves up and move onto the next one , and take the confidence we gained from the last four wins into the last five games . ' West Brom players race to congratulate Morrison -LRB- top left -RRB- , who headed the away side in front on Saturday .