Fourth-place Monaco missed the chance to close the gap in the French title race after drawing 0-0 at home to Montpellier on Tuesday . A win would have moved Monaco level on points with third-place Marseille , but coach Leonardo Jardim 's side failed to break down a well-organized Montpellier side , which is in seventh place . The visitors missed a penalty early in the second half when Paraguay striker Lucas Barrios fired a penalty over the crossbar . Substitute Dimitar Berbatov responds as Monaco are held to a goalless draw with Montpellier at Stade Louis II . Result sees the Principality side remain in fourth spot , behind Marseille , Lyon and Paris St germain . Montpellier forward Lucas Barrios reacts after missing a penalty to put the visitors in the lead . Monaco : Subasic , Fabinho , Wallace Santos , Abdennour , Kurzawa , Toulalan , Moutinho , Dirar -LRB- Berbatov -RRB- , Silva -LRB- Germain -RRB- , Ferreira Carrasco -LRB- Carvalho -RRB- , Martial . Subs : Stekelenburg , Kondogbia , Raggi , Traore . Booked : Wallace . Monpellier : Jourdren , Deplagne , Hilton , El Kaoutari , Congre , Isimat-Mirin , Marveaux , Lasne , Dabo , Mounier , Barrios -LRB- Camara -RRB- . Subs : Tiene , Martin , Berigaud , Saihi , Bakar , Ligali . Booke : Dabo , Congre . The draw means Monaco is two points behind Marseille , six behind Lyon and seven behind league leader Paris Saint-Germain . Teenage striker Anthony Martial , who had netter five goals in his past four games , started ahead of 34-year-old striker Dimitar Berbatov . In a tight first half , midfielder Morgan Sanson forced Monaco goalkeeper Danijel Subasic into a smart save , while Monaco left back Layvin Kurzawa headed in a cross moments before the interval , but his effort was ruled out for offside . Montpellier had a penalty claim turned down early in the second half . But moments later referee Said Enjimi pointed to the spot after midfielder Nabil Dirar barged into Bryan Dabo . But Barrios missed the chance for this 12th goal in the 24th game of the campaign when he fired his shot high over high over the crossbar . Meanwhile , second-division Auxerre beat French Cup holder Guingamp 1-0 to reach the final . Auxerre , a four-time French Cup winner which now plays in the second division , won thanks to a goal from midfielder Frederic Sammaritano . Auxerre plays either Paris Saint-Germain or Saint-Etienne in the final . They play their semifinal on Wednesday . Monaco playmaker Joao Moutinho goes down under a challenge from Montpellier 's Joris Marveaux -LRB- right -RRB- . Monaco forward Anthony Martial -LRB- left -RRB- tries to break the first half deadlock at the Stade Louis II . Monaco 's Layvin Kurzawa -LRB- right -RRB- challenges Montpellier 's Mathieu Deplagne during the Ligue 1 clash . Yannick Ferreira Carrasco -LRB- right -RRB- of Monaco races down the touchline being chased by Montpellier defenders . Kurzawa -LRB- left -RRB- saw a goal disallowed for Monaco towards the closing moments of the first-half . Barrios looks dejected after missing the chance to hand Montpellier the lead from the penalty spot . Former Tottenham and Manchester United forward Berbatov was brought on to try and change things . Monaco fans display a banner depicting Prince Rainier III to commemorate the 10th anniversary of his death . Berbatov tries to take the ball past Montpellier defender Vitorino Hilton as the game draws to a close .