The title race appears to be over , but what about the fight to stay in the Premier League ? No one is dead and buried and even Sunderland in 15th are a bad weekend away from falling into the relegation zone . It 's extremely close with the delightful benefit that there will be five key fixtures between sides in the bottom six . Have Hull got enough breathing room to survive what looks like the hardest run-in ? Are Leicester too far back ? Burnley have been dealt a reasonable hand but can they capitalise ? Have QPR improved enough away from home to take any confidence to Leicester on the final day ? Sportsmail considers the possibilities and delivers a verdict . Sunderland . Position : 15th on 29 points . Jermain Defoe -LRB- centre -RRB- reinvigorated Sunderland with a stunning strike to beat rivals Newcastle 1-0 . Dick Advocaat is overseeing Sunderland 's survival bid as manager until the end of the season . Seven points split Sunderland in 15th and Leicester in 20th as the battle for Premier League survival heats up . Predicted results : Five points from seven games . Crystal Palace -LRB- H -RRB- - D . Stoke -LRB- A -RRB- - D . Southampton -LRB- H -RRB- - L . Everton -LRB- A -RRB- - L . Leicester -LRB- H -RRB- - W . Arsenal -LRB- A -RRB- - L . Chelsea -LRB- A -RRB- L . Predicted total : 34 points . Verdict : Safe . Their derby win will have done them the world of good , as will the relative comfort of facing three teams in Palace , Stoke and Everton who have very little to play for . They need to make the most of those initial fixtures because it 's highly unlikely that they will get anything out of closing trips to Arsenal and Chelsea . Aston Villa . Position : 16th on 29 points . Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick as Aston Villa drew 3-3 against Queens Park Rangers on Tuesday . Tim Sherwood has helped Villa rediscover their scoring touch since replacing Paul Lambert as manager . Predicted results : Seven points from six games . Tottenham -LRB- A -RRB- - L . Manchester City -LRB- A -RRB- - L . Everton -LRB- H -RRB- - D . West Ham -LRB- H -RRB- - W . Southampton -LRB- A -RRB- - L . Burnley -LRB- H -RRB- - W . Predicted total : 36 points . Verdict : Safe . At this stage of the season and in these circumstances you want winnable home games and that is what Villa have . However , with only three home wins this season -LRB- one less than on the road -RRB- they face a challenge . They ought to be OK , not least because a team that struggled to score under Paul Lambert has improved under Tim Sherwood . Hull . Position : 17th on 28 points . Steve Bruce 's Hull are placed perilously above the drop zone in 17th with seven games remaining . Ahmed Elmohamady will be a key man in Hull 's bid to protect their position outside of the relegation zone . Predicted results : Five points from seven games . Southampton -LRB- A -RRB- - L . Liverpool -LRB- H -RRB- - D . Crystal Palace -LRB- A -RRB- - D . Arsenal -LRB- H -RRB- - L . Burnley -LRB- H -RRB- - W . Tottenham -LRB- A -RRB- - L . Manchester United -LRB- H -RRB- - L . Predicted total : 33 points . Verdict : Safe . On goal difference . The hardest run-in of the lot ? It looks that way and therefore they could cut it awfully fine with regards to survival . There are two points between them and QPR at the moment , but Hull could have a potentially decisive advantage in the form of their goal difference , which is six better than QPR 's . Their fixtures are simply awful . Crystal Palace are isolated on that list as a team without major incentive . QPR . Position : 18th on 26 points . Charlie Austin has netted 17 goals in 29 games for QPR and will be vital during his team 's difficult run-in . Chris Ramsey may find QPR 's goal difference a big disadvantage , particularly with a tough final seven games . Predicted results : Seven points from six games . Chelsea -LRB- H -RRB- - L . West Ham -LRB- H -RRB- - W . Liverpool -LRB- A -RRB- - L . Man City -LRB- A -RRB- - L . Newcastle -LRB- H -RRB- - W . Leicester -LRB- A -RRB- - D . Predicted total : 33 points . Verdict : Relegated on goal difference . Three brutally hard fixtures with perhaps a mixed blessing that Liverpool and Manchester City -- games you would expect them to lose anywhere -- are played away . That places huge emphasis on home games against West Ham and Newcastle , neither of whom are in form nor have much to play for . It could all come down to the final game of the season , which is away at Leicester . Chris Ramsey has improved their away form but it is a big ask . Their poor goal difference in relation to Hull 's could be the deciding factor . Burnley . Position : 19th on 26 points . Danny Ings will spearhead Burnley 's attack as they attempt to escape the Premier League relegation zone . Sean Dyche 's side have two relegation crunch matches away from home against Hull and Villa . Predicted results : Six points from seven games . Arsenal -LRB- H -RRB- -- L . Everton -LRB- A -RRB- - D . Leicester -LRB- H -RRB- -- W . West Ham -LRB- A -RRB- - D . Hull -LRB- A -RRB- - L . Stoke -LRB- H -RRB- - D . Aston Villa -LRB- A -RRB- - L . Predicted total : 32 points . Verdict : Relegated . On paper they probably have the most straightforward opponents , but have the misfortune of playing two of their most critical fixtures -- against Hull and Villa -- away from Turf Moor . They have won only once away all season so it would be extremely ambitious to expect them to make hay now , considering four of those seven fixtures are on the road . Would expect their status to be decided by the final two games . Leicester . Position : 20th on 22 points . Esteban Cambiasso celebrates after an impressive display helped Leicester beat West Ham 2-1 on Saturday . Nigel Pearson -LRB- left -RRB- has eight games remaining to get Leicester safe and has five home games to play . Predicted results : Four points from eight games . West Brom -LRB- A -RRB- - L . Swansea -LRB- H -RRB- - D . Burnley -LRB- A -RRB- - L . Chelsea -LRB- H -RRB- - L . Newcastle -LRB- H -RRB- - D . Southampton -LRB- H -RRB- - D . Sunderland -LRB- A -RRB- - L . QPR -LRB- H -RRB- - D . Predicted total : 26 points . Verdict : Relegated . As with Burnley , it 's not the most intimidating run-in and they do have the most games from which to gain points . They also have the slight advantage of five fixtures at home . But 22 points from 30 games so far offers little indication that they will mount any kind of sprint for the line .