A sailor who vanished after heading out to sea more than two months ago has miraculously been found alive and well off the North Carolina coast . Louis Jordan , 37 , was picked up by a German-flagged ship at 1:30 p.m. on Thursday - 66 days after he took off to do some fishing . He was found sitting on the capsized hull of his sailboat , Angel , which had lost its mast and was approximately 200 miles east of Cape Hatteras . ` They saw me on the front of my boat standing up there waving my arms , ' he told the Today show of the huge German ship after he left hospital . ` And they turned that huge skyscraper around . ' A Coast Guard helicopter crew from North Carolina flew to the ship and airlifted Jordan to a hospital in Norfolk , Virginia , said Lt. Krystyn Pecora , a spokeswoman for the Coast Guard . Scroll down for videos . Found safe : Louis Jordan , second from left , walks from the Coast Guard helicopter to the Sentara Norfolk General Hospital in Norfolk , Virginia , after being found off the North Carolina coast on Thursday . Jordan 's family said he sailed out of a marina in Conway , South Carolina , on January 23 , and had n't been heard from since until a German boat saw him clinging to the hull of his boat on Thursday morning . Rescue : A Coast Guard image shows Jordan being pulled up into the helicopter from a German ship . Safe : One of his rescuers pulls him into the helicopter after he spent more than two months at sea . Heading home : Another image shows Jordan inside the helicopter as they head towards a hospital . Incredibly , she said Jordan was in good condition despite a broken collarbone and dehydration . He survived his ordeal by drinking rain water and eating raw fish and flour fried in oil . As he walked towards the hospital unaided , he did not appear to have lost a drastic amount of weight . He was released from the hospital on Friday . He also told the Today show that he repeatedly read his Bible from cover to cover to pass the time but that the ordeal ` seemed like a lot longer ' than 66 days . While stranded , he had dreamed of eating barbecue and organic ice cream , he said . Back on land , he was reunited with his relieved parents . ` I was just praying about you because I was afraid you guys were crying and sad , that , you know , I was dead ... and I was n't dead , ' Jordan told his father , WITN reported . His father Frank responded : ` I thought I lost you . ' Doing well : Jordan appeared in good health when he was brought to shore . He spoke to the Today show , pictured , after he left hospital and said he did n't know if he 'd ever return to sea . Reunited : Jordan is pictured hugging his father Frank after they were reunited following his ordeal . Back together : He said he had been concerned that his parents , Frank and Norma , would think he was dead . Relief : His mother , Norma Davis , said she had given up hope of her son returning ` many time ' Speaking to the Today show , his mother , Norma Davis , said it had been an emotional two months and that she had given up hope ` many times ' . ` It 's been terrible , ' she said . ` You live moment to moment and those moments turned into days . ' Jordan 's 35-foot sailboat had drifted out into the ocean and capsized , snapping the mast . ` My boat got flipped and did a 180 on me while I was sleeping at night , and I was flying through the air and somersaulting and all my junk and all my equipment , all my GPS devices and everything , even my stove dislodged and it was all flying with me , all rolling around , ' he told ABC News . But he was unable to repair the mast as he had broken his collarbone when the boat flipped over . He waited for the shoulder to heal slightly before he was able to build up enough strength to fashion a makeshift mast and sail - but he was unable to fight the strong currents , he said , and the boat capsized on two further occasions . He caught rainwater in a bucket and , although he struggled to catch fish at first , he learned that they were attracted to his clothes when he put them in the ocean to clean them , CNN reported . The fish would swim through his clothes so he would scoop them up with a hand net , he said . The tanker crew said it found Jordan sitting on the hull of his boat . On Thursday night Davis posted on Facebook that she had spoken to her son and that he was in ` good spirits and hungry ' Rescuers found Jordan sitting on the hull of his 35-foot sailboat that had lost its mast and capsized some 200 miles east off Cape Hatteras , North Carolina . Jordan had been living on his docked sailboat at the Bucksport Plantation Marina in Conway , South Carolina , until January , when he told his family he was ` going into the open water to sail and do some fishing , ' his mother said . The family had not heard from him since , she said . ` We expected him to come back and he did not return , ' Davis said . ` We knew something happened . To us it 's just a miracle . We 're just so thrilled that he was found alive ... It 's been very difficult not knowing anything and I just feel like all of our prayers have come true . They 've been answered . ' ` We just talked to Louis Jordan-sounded wonderful , ' she wrote on Facebook on Thursday night . ` He said that he felt our prayers . He is in good spirits and hungry ! ' In the weeks before their son was found , Frank wrote about his sadness and worry and asked for prayers on his Facebook page . Two weeks after his disappearance , the father wrote : ` When your son disappears and the weeks wear on , and the weather is cold and the Atlantic is stormy and wild , many horrible thoughts begin to go through your mind , and you begin to unravel . Vessel : Jordan is pictured on his 35-foot boat . It capsized at sea in January , causing the mast to snap off . At sea : Jordan had been living on his docked sailboat in Conway , South Carolina , before he told his family he was ` going into the open water ' to go fishing more than two months ago . ` Your life becomes a muddled jumble of prayers and tears and doubts . That is when friends gather around you to lend their support and prayers , too . It is so , so much appreciated . ' A few weeks later , he added : ` Nothing from or about Louis . You do n't know whether to mourn or what . When they 're lost at sea , only God knows where they are . ` But by God , He does . Louis is in His loving hands , and that is enough to know . Thanks for all the messages of concern , a living , moving tribute to his sweet and gentle soul . ' Then on Thursday , he could finally write : ` Good news - My son Louis Gregory Jordan was picked up by a freighter several hundred miles off Cape Hatteras . ' Jordan had spent months sanding and painting his docked 1950s-era , single-masted sailboat in Conway , where marina manager Jeff Weeks said he saw him nearly every day . Jordan was the only resident in a section of about 20 boats docked behind a coded security gate , Weeks said . ` You 'll probably never meet a nicer guy , ' Weeks said . ` He is a quiet gentleman that most of the time keeps to himself . He 's polite . I would describe him as a gentle giant : ' measuring 6-foot-2 and weighing 230 pounds . Rescued : Mr Jordan is pulled up into the helicopter after being attached to a device by a rescuer . Rleief : The sailor , who was lost for more than two months , is reeled into the rescue chopper . Salvation : A rescuer is hoisted up after attaching Louis Jordan to the winch . Jordan appeared to be knowledgeable about wild fruits and mushrooms and fished for his meal in inland waterways , Weeks said . But his January trip may have been his first time sailing in the open ocean . ` He might sail up and down the Intercoastal Waterway , but he did n't have the experience he needed to go out into the ocean , ' Weeks said . Records show that Louis Jordan sailed out of the marina in Conway , on January 23 , aboard the sailboat Angel , said Marilyn Fajardo , a spokeswoman for the Coast Guard 's 7th District . Fajardo said the Coast Guard in Miami was notified by Frank Jordan on January 29 that he had n't seen or heard from his son in a week . One week later , Davis confirmed their son was still missing . Fajardo said alerts were issued from New Jersey to Miami to be on the lookout for Jordan and his sailboat . Officials also searched financial data to determine whether Jordan actually had come ashore without being noticed , but found no indication that he had , she said . Officials searched financial data to determine whether Jordan actually had come ashore without being noticed , but found no indication that he had . Chief Petty Officer Ryan Doss said Jordan 's 35-foot sailboat had lost its mast and capsized . The German tanker crew said it found Jordan sitting on the hull . A search was begun on February 8 , but Fajardo said the Coast Guard abandoned its efforts after 10 days . Despite reports from other sailors claiming to have seen Jordan 's sailboat , none of the sightings were confirmed and the case was suspended . The Coast Guard said Jordan did n't file a ` float plan , ' the nautical equivalent of a flight plan , to determine his route or destination , and Fajardo said there was n't enough information to narrow down his whereabouts . Davis said she is looking forward to celebrating her son 's return . ` We do plan on having a wonderful Easter celebration with family and I ca n't wait to get him back , ' she said - but neither she nor her son were sure he 'd ever head back to see . ` I do n't know , ' he responded . See below for video .