The kidnapper who claims to have masterminded the Gone Girl kidnapping of Denise Huskins in California says he will turn himself in , but only if his co-conspirators are given immunity . In yet another email to the San Francisco Chronicle , the individuals wrote that police could accept this offer , or that he would ` go overseas and teach English ' or ` live off the grid and read books for the rest of my life . ' This came just one day after the group demanded an apology from the police for calling the entire incident a hoax . Huskins , 29 , was allegedly snatched from her home by kidnappers who tied her boyfriend up on March 23 , then released one day later 400 miles away beside her parents ' home . After her ` release ' police accused them of staging the kidnapping -- a claim they both strongly denied . Scroll down for videos . The self-proclaimed kidnapper behind the Gone Girl abduction of Denise Huskins -LRB- second from right with her mother and two brothers -RRB- says he will turn himself in . This is the Vallejo Police Department and spokesman Lt. Kenny Park -LRB- above -RRB- grand his co-conspirators immunity from prosecution . This comes one day after the kidnappers claimed they monitored Huskins ' boyfriend Aaron Quinn -LRB- above -RRB- after the kidnapping so he would not go to police , which is why he did not call authorities for 12 hours . In the email from earlier in the week , the kidnappers write ; ` I/we may be the direct agent of harm . But it will be made crystal clear that the Vallejo Police Department , and you , Mr. -LSB- Kenny -RSB- Park , had every opportunity to stop it . ' Last week Lt. Park , the spokesman for the Vallejo Police Department , said that the kidnapping of Huskins , which triggered a statewide search that involved 100 volunteers , 40 detectives and numerous FBI agents , was an ` orchestrated event . ' The letter to the Chronicle says authorities had until noon on Tuesday to apologize . That time came and went however , and this new email arrived Tuesday afternoon . The old email had demanded that the police make clear that neither Huskins or her boyfriend Aaron Quinn - who was with her at the time she was allegedly kidnapped but waited 12 hours to call police - will face any criminal charges . As for the main reason behind the kidnapping , they write ; ` The Mare Island kidnapping was a training mission to test means and methods that would be used on higher net worth targets . ' They then compare themselves to the cast of Ocean 's 11 , the famous caper film that starred members of the Rat Pack when it premiered in 1960 and Brad Pitt , Matt Damon and George Clooney in the 2001 remake . It is not the first email the alleged kidnappers have sent the paper either , also reaching out to them on March 24 with an audio file of Huskins to prove she was still alive one day after being taken from her home in Mare Island . She eventually turned up in Huntington Beach , where both of her parents live , just a few hours later . This latest email , sent on Saturday from a dummy account , was 9,000 words long , and detailed why the group kidnapped Huskins , and how they went about taking her from her home . The group consists of three members , two with college educations , and they claim they are also behind a recent string of burglaries and car thefts in the area . They claim they drilled holes in the window of Huskins and Quinn 's home to gain entry , and then used squirt guns with ` strobe flashlights and laser pointers ' attached to them to make it appear as if they were firearms . They say they played ` calming music ' as they went about the abduction , and put monitors on Quinn , 30 , so they could make sure he did not go to police . They then say they put Huskins in the trunk of Quinn 's car and drove off with her . The group of three people claim they drilled a hole in a window of Huskins and Quinn 's home -LRB- above -RRB- and used squirt guns that they made to look like guns to take Huskins . The kidnapping , which has been called an ` orchestrated event ' by authorities , has drawn comparisons to the film Gone Girl -LRB- above -RRB- . In the end however , they claim it was a case of mistaken identity , and they did not mean to take Huskins , thinking that someone else would be in the house . They say that is why they decided to drop her off in Huntington Beach and that they were ` horrified at what we had done . ' As for the ransom they requested , what police believe to be a rather paltry $ 8,500 , the group said : ` We chose $ 8,500 because it was below the $ 10,000 reporting threshold , and far enough below that it likely would not be flagged as part of a structured transaction under that prong of the reporting law . ' Attorneys for both Quinn and Huskins claim that their clients have confirmed aspects of this email , and that they have sent photos of the holes drilled in the window that the kidnappers used to gain access to prove that whoever sent this note is telling the truth . Huskins ' attorney , Doug Rappaport , said that the reason police called the incident a hoax is because the kidnappers used ` sophisticated computer skills ' that neither they or the FBI could ` comprehend . ' Lt. Park , the Vallejo Police Department and the FBI all have yet to comment on the emails .