A French television network has been hacked by people claiming allegiance to ISIS , forcing it to broadcast only pre-recorded programmes . The hackers completely cut transmission of 11 channels belonging to Paris-based TV5 Monde and took over its websites and social media accounts for a full three hours early this morning . The channel 's director , Yves Bigot , said the attack was continuing this morning . He told RTL radio that the network has restored its signal but can only broadcast recorded programs , not live content . Chilling : The ISIS hackers completely cut transmission of 11 channels belonging to Paris-based TV5 Monde and took over its websites and social media accounts for a full three hours early this morning . Sick : The hackers posted documents on TV5Monde 's Facebook page purporting to be the identity cards and CVs of relatives of French soldiers involved in anti-ISIS operation in Iraq . Mr Bigot said he was shaken when he saw 11 channels with a black screen ` and when we discovered the sense of the message appearing on our social media and our websites , it both allowed us to understand what was happening and obviously worried us . ' ` We can only broadcast pre-recorded programmes . We are not yet in a position to re-establish our broadcasting schedule nor to produce programmes , ' Bigot added . The hackers posted documents on TV5Monde 's Facebook page purporting to be the identity cards and CVs of relatives of French soldiers involved in anti-ISIS operation in Iraq . It also reportedly made specific threats against French troops . ` Soldiers of France , stay away from the Islamic State ! You have the chance to save your families , take advantage of it , ' read one message on TV5Monde 's Facebook page . ` The CyberCaliphate continues its cyberjihad against the enemies of Islamic State , ' the message added . Fear : The channel 's director , Yves Bigot , said the attack was continuing this morning . He told RTL radio that the network has restored its signal but can only broadcast recorded programs , not live content . Militants : France is part of a US-led military coalition carrying out air strikes against IS in Iraq and Syria , where the jihadist group -LRB- pictured -RRB- has seized swathes of territory and declared an Islamic ` caliphate . Almost 1,500 French nationals are currently fighting in Syria and Iraq - making up a staggering 47 per cent of the European fighters currently waging jihad in the region . Senator Jean-Pierre Sueur , who has led an investigation into French extremists , told local media that intelligence officials are also monitoring more than 3,000 people suspected of being involved in Syrian networks . That marks a 24 per cent increase in the five months since November , The Local reported . In total 85 French nationals are thought to have been killed fighting in ISIS-held areas in Syria and Iraq . Two more are said to be detained in Syria , although Sueur did not elaborate on who held them or why they were in the country . The most pressing concern , however , are the estimated 200 jihadis who have since returned to France after leaving Syria or Iraq . The worry is that these potentially highly-trained killers could be willing and able to carry Charlie Hebdo-style terror attacks in France . Sueur added that French prisons are currently holding 152 known Islamic extremists . TV5Monde regained control of its social networks by 2:00 am this morning but television broadcasts were likely to take hours , if not days , to return to normal . The attack would have required weeks of preparation , Bigot said . Late last night Bigot told the AFP news agency : ` We are no longer able to broadcast any of our channels . Our websites and social media sites are no longer under our control and are all displaying claims of responsibility by Islamic State . ' The website was still offline by 9:00 am local time today , displaying an ` under maintenance ' note to visitors . Prime Minister Manuel Valls said the hack was an ` unacceptable attack on the freedom of information and expression ' , voicing ` total solidarity with the editorial staff . ' The hackers had accused French President Francois Hollande of committing ` an unforgivable mistake ' by getting involved in ` a war that serves no purpose ' . ` That 's why the French received the gifts of Charlie Hebdo and Hyper Cacher in January , ' it said on the broadcaster 's Facebook page , referring to the twin attacks by Islamist gunmen in Paris that left 17 people dead over three days and deeply shocked France . A police officer stands guard in front of the main entrance of French television network TV5Monde today . French Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve -LRB- left -RRB- , Culture minister Fleur Pellerin -LRB- centre -RRB- and Foreign Affairs Minister Laurent Fabius -LRB- right -RRB- talk to the press after visiting French television network TV5Monde this morning . A picture taken earlier this morning shows an empty newsroom at French television network TV5Monde . Jihadists have become increasingly adept at using the Internet to spread propaganda and attack media outlets . In Feburary , the Twitter feed of Newsweek was briefly hacked and threats were made against President Barack Obama 's family . And in the immediate aftermath of the Charlie Hebdo attacks , hackers claiming to be Islamists hijacked hundreds of French websites , flooding them with jihadist propaganda . France is part of a US-led military coalition carrying out air strikes against IS in Iraq and Syria , where the jihadist group has seized swathes of territory and declared an Islamic ` caliphate ' . More than 1,500 French nationals have left France to join the militants ' ranks in Iraq and Syria , where they represent almost half the number of European fighters present , according to a report released Wednesday by the French Senate . TV5Monde is broadcast in more than 200 countries worldwide .