An unemployed 32-stone woman receives £ 18,000 a year in benefits because she claims her weight-related illness makes her a danger to the public . Morbidly obese Rochelle Coulson suffers from sleep apnoea - a condition often linked to obesity - which she says leaves her so tired that she falls asleep unexpectedly . The 21-year-old , who put on 13 stone in four years by eating through ` boredom ' , has not worked for five years because she says she would be a ` danger ' in the workplace . Pressure group the Taxpayers ' Alliance has now warned that the benefit system should not become a ` comfort blanket ' and that people should ` get themselves in shape ' to work . Scroll down for video . Morbidly obese Rochelle Coulson -LRB- left and right -RRB- claims £ 18,000 in benefits because she suffers from sleep apnoea - a condition often linked to excessive weight - which leaves her so tired that she ca n't stay awake . Ms Coulson told MailOnline : ` I ca n't work because of my condition . If I was sat in an office , I would just fall asleep and the manager will end up sacking me . ` It 's not just that , but I could make something go wrong , could n't I ? By falling asleep and making a mistake . Who knows what buttons I would press or what would happen ? It would n't be fair on my colleagues . ' Doctors have now warned Ms Coulson that she needs to lose weight to cure her condition - but she says she needs a state-funded support worker to write her meal plans . Instead , she continues to claim £ 18,712 a year in benefits - the equivalent of a £ 22,000 taxable salary - which is more than a nurse 's starting wage and the same pay as a newly-qualified teacher . She added : ` I would love to have a job , I did n't chose to be like this . But I ca n't . I 'm too dangerous . I ca n't do anything if I 'm falling asleep the whole time . ' Ms Coulson , who lives alone in New Milton , Hampshire , said she has always battled with her weight . However , her weight spiralled out of control after she left home four years ago . Unable to get a job due to being signed off with depression , the young woman started eating up to ten packs of crisps per day because she was ` bored ' . She would also have an evening takeaway - and had soon put on 13 stone . Ms Coulson , pictured with her mother Lynda , 50 , says she would like to work if she were able to do so . Doctors have now warned Ms Coulson that she needs to lose weight to cure her condition - but she says she can only do that with a state-funded support worker to help her write meal plans . She said : ` I developed depression and that just made me eat more . I would have takeaways most nights . I ate a lot , including chocolate and crisps . It was a way of coping . ' Sleep apnoea is a condition where the walls of the throat relax and narrow during sleep , which interrupts normal breathing and can stop someone getting a decent night 's sleep . Ms Coulson , who is 5ft 6in , claims the condition leaves her so tired that she can not travel to work , incase she drifts off to sleep and misses her bus stop . She also says she is not allowed to drive incase she nods off at the wheel . Rochelle Coulson is entitled to a raft of benefits every month which means she has not had to work for five years . Every month she is entitled to : . Total : £ 18 , 712 . The 21-year-old is supposed to use a Continuous Positive Air Pressure machine -LRB- CPAP -RRB- to help her sleep during the night . But she decided not to use it because she claims she can not travel to the doctors for a check-up . She has also been offered half-price gym membership by the NHS to help her lose weight - but says she can not use it because it is too painful to walk . Despite this , Ms Coulson says the NHS could be doing a lot more to help her . She said : ` Yes I do feel there is more out there to help me and the NHS could have done better . ` They have n't done enough to help me tackle my weight . It would be nice to have a check-up each week , or month , when me and the doctor sit down and write a meal plan . Or they could try and get me a support worker . ` I am supposed to have a CPAP machine to help but I do not use it because I ca n't get back to hospital for a check-up . ` I ca n't go to hospital because I ca n't go on public transport as I will fall asleep and my mum ca n't always be there with me . I ca n't drive either because of my condition . ' Ms Coulson said she started applying for jobs when she first finished college at the age of 18 . But she was soon diagnosed with depression and told she was not capable of working . In December 2012 , she was then diagnosed with sleep apnoea . Now , she claims she can drop off to sleep unexpectedly for up to six hours per day , meaning she relies on repeat sick notes to claim her state handouts . But in June last year , Ms Coulson was struck off from a GP surgery when her mother Lynda , 50 , asked for a three-month note which the doctor refused . When the doctor offered to give her a one-month note instead , the pair were banned for being ` verbally abusive ' . Ms Coulson then had to be ` interviewed ' before being rejected by another surgery . In November , she was finally signed off for five months , after signing up to her third GP . The 21-year-old , who spends her days playing on Facebook , has not had a job for five years because she says she can not stay awake . This healthy meal of carrots , potatoes , chicken and salad , recently posted by Ms Coulson , is an alternative to her usual takeaways and crisps . In total , Ms Coulson gets £ 411 in Personal Independence Payment a month , as well as £ 260 Employment and Support Allowance -LRB- ESA -RRB- a fortnight . Her £ 135 a week rent is also covered through housing benefit . Jonathan Isaby , chief executive of the Taxpayers ' Alliance , said : ` The benefit system is a valuable safety net , and those with genuine conditions must of course be caught by it , but it can never become a comfort blanket and we must ask individuals to get themselves in shape to work . ` Taxpayers can not afford to support individuals who simply choose not to work , so the authorities must be strict about who is deemed ` fit to work ' or not . Ultimately , the benefit system has to encourage people to take responsibility for themselves . ' Ms Coulson is now trying to lose weight by swapping her takeaways for healthy alternatives . She hopes that by losing some weight that she will be able to become more active . Nurse starting salary : £ 21,388 . This job requires students to complete a three-year degree at university . Nurses then work a complex shift pattern , including weekends , evenings and nights . Teacher starting salary : £ 22,023 . This requires the person to complete an undergraduate degree - usually three years long - and a one-year PGCE . Alternatively , the trainee teacher can complete an intensive year-long school-centred initial teacher training course on the job -LRB- SCITT -RRB- . Care home worker : Between £ 14,000 and £ 18,000 . This usually requires someone to complete a diploma in health and social care , as well as to undertake training and courses while on the job . She said : ` At the moment , it 's hard for me to do everyday things like getting out of bed . The hardest is getting out of my mum 's couch . It hurts my hips to lift myself out , because the sofa is broken due to my weight . ` My back also ca n't cope with standing for too long because of my weight , which means it very painful to walk . ' She added : ` I 'm dropping things like crisps and chocolate and replacing it with low fat Greek yoghurt . I used to eat takeaways on a regular basis but now I do n't . ` Once I 've shifted some , I can hopefully get out a little more . ' Ms Coulson also said she had a blood test last week which showed she is borderline diabetic and has an underactive thyroid , for which she is now taking medication . A DWP spokesman said : ` Being obese in itself does not entitle a person to disability benefits , although the associated long-term health effects may . ` Decisions on whether a person is entitled to disability benefits are based on thorough assessments and consideration of any medical evidence , including from their GP . '