A Manhattan judge has delivered a blistering sentencing speech to a banana mogul who ignored a woman 's seizures after feeding her cocaine at an all-night three-way sex romp and then tried to cover up her death , while putting the ` selfish ' and ` self-pitying ' millionaire away for 12 and a half years . Thomas Hoey Jr. , 43 , who was sentenced Wednesday by U.S. District Judge Kevin Castel in Manhattan federal court , showed ` callousness and indifference ' during the party in January 2009 at Midtown hotel The Kitano and even more when the victim , Kimberly Calo , 41 , died from a lethal mix of cocaine and alcohol . Castel said that distributing cocaine to friends was ` integral to the lifestyle of cocaine , sex and parties ' of Hoey , who ran a lucrative banana importing business on Long Island he inherited from his father and grandfather . ` He was n't going to take a chance that his cocaine-based lifestyle was going to be exposed , ' Castel told the court , NBC New York reported . Self-absorbed : Thomas Hoey Jr. , 43 -LRB- left -RRB- was sentenced to 12.5 years prison Wednesday after refusing to help , Kimberly Calo , 41 , who died from a lethal mix of cocaine and alcohol , during a sex party at Midtown hotel The Kitano in January 2009 . Hoey , who finally plead guilty to the charges in August after long denying them , stopped the other woman in the hotel room , Nicole Zobkiw , from 911 , and also prevented hotel security coming into the room as Calo - a mother of two - foamed at the mouth , bled from the nose , turned blue and died . He even confessed to continuing to supply friends with cocaine following Calo 's gruesome death as he helped hamper authorities ' efforts to bring him to justice through 2010 . Hoey coerced Zobkiw to lie about what happened to a grand jury . Castel said Hoey had used his supplies of cocaine to ` social and sexual favors ' between 2005 and 2010 . ` In truth , Thomas Hoey Jr. is a self-absorbed , self-pitying , selfish man who is a danger to the community , ' Castel said , The New York Daily News . Hoey apologized for what he did , but still managed to compliment himself , bringing up his life achievements and how he was made class president in the sixth grade . He also said he will forever regret that his arrest destroyed his banana business after all the years and work his family had put into building the empire . ` We were thinking time together in a safe classy hotel between consenting adults can be OK , ' Hoey said . ` I hope it provides comfort to -LRB- Calo 's family -RRB- knowing I 'm in hell , literally . ' Threesome : Hoey pressured the other participant in the sex romp , Nicole Zobkiw -LRB- pictured -RRB- , his then-girlfriend , to lie in court . She was later found guilty of lying to a grand jury . Luxurious : The millionaire banana mogul received over 12 years prison for conspiracy to distribute cocaine , conspiracy to suborn perjury and obstruction of justice relating to the incident at Manhattan 's ritzy Kitano Hotel -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Hoey 's guilty pleas last year were the culmination of years of speculation and accusations regarding the importer 's hard-partying and callous ways . Calo collapsed and began ` frothing at the mouth ' that night after consuming the high-quality cocaine the $ 700-a-night suite at The Kitano hotel on Park Avenue . Hoey allegedly was n't alarmed by Calo 's condition and said ` he 'd seen this before ' and that she ` was going to be fine . ' The banana mogul had sex with Zobkiw and then set his attention towards Calo , a personal trainer , retired NYPD detective Edward Boyle , who investigated Calo 's 2009 death , said on the stand last year . Calo had first snorted the coke laying on a coffee table and when she went back for more , she began overdosing and ` her head dropped to the table with a thud , ' Boyle told jurors at Manhattan federal court , where Zobkiw was on trial for making false statements and perjury . Zobkiw was later found guilty of lying to a grand jury about the fatal party . Happier times : Thomas Hoey , pictured here not long after the incident in 2009 , will spend the next 12 years behind bars due to his cocaine-fueled party lifestyle , which lead to the death of a woman . The court was told Zobkiw attempted to get Hoey to call the emergency services but he refused , allegedly telling her that Calo would be fine . Zobkiw is seen in a security video going to the hotel reception three times to try and get help , Boyle revealed . Boyle told the court that Hoey assured Zobkiw that a ` doctor friend ' was on the way . Zobkiw 's lawyer Leonard Lato admitted his client had to tried to hide what happened on the night . But she was intimidated two days before her grand jury testimony in 2011 by a ` corrupt lawyer ' allegedly linked to Hoey , Lato said . Zobkiw has not yet faced sentencing . Under his new plea deal , Hoey faces 11 to 13 years in prison on federal charges . For the state charges he tampered with evidence by trying to clean up Calo 's blood , Hoey faces four years . He 's due for sentencing on the state charges next week . On the federal charges , Hoey will be sentenced Dec. 15 .