Adam Leheup , 34 , was cleared of rape and sexual assault by a jury at Blackfriars Crown Court . An architect who was wooing 35 woman online was cleared today of raping a blind date hours after they met . Adam Leheup , 34 , had denied forcing himself on the 25-year-old telling the jury the woman ` freaked out ' when he tried to comfort her about her saggy breasts . During the week long trial the woman , who can not be named for legal reasons , claimed Leheup ignored her cries of ` no ' and afterwards said : ` In my experience girls say no , but they do n't mean it ' . But following their deliberations a jury at Blackfriars Crown Court found the University of Greenwich graduate , a technical co-ordinator on the £ 500million Nine Elms Point Development not guilty of rape and sexual assault . The self-confessed first date addict had spent nearly a year on police bail before eventually being charged and appeared emotional , emitting a slight gasp , as he was cleared . Leheup told the jury they enjoyed a night-long date , which included wine and cocktails , with the young woman responding to his physical advances and allowing him to remove her bra in her bedroom so he could massage her back with oil . ` I noticed she had unusually saggy breasts , she seemed uncomfortable about that , ' he told the jury . ` I tried to comfort her by kissing and touching them , then she freaked out . ' He had fought back tears as he told jurors he never had sex with the young woman and did n't do anything she did not consent to . Leheup of Hersham , Surrey , revealed he was communicating with thirty-five woman at the time and regularly having sex with six of them , but stopped short with the complainant . ` She said : ` Stop ' once and I turned to my side and started to go to sleep , ' he told the jury . ` When girls have said nothing is going to happen , I 've ended up having sex with them , ' he added . The pair had met her just hours earlier on July 9 , 2013 , after the pair chatted on the ` Let 's Date ' mobile phone app . Leheup ended up returning to the woman 's flat in the early hours of the morning after he missed his last train home . ` I told him nothing was going to happen , but he started to kiss me and I could tell he was naked , ' the complainant told police , the court had heard . ` He took my clothes off and was on top of me and penetrated me and I was shouting : ` No ' a lot , but he was not listening . Leheup appeared emotional after he was cleared of the charges following a week long trial at Blackfriars Crown Court . ` I was saying : ` No ' , but he thought it was a joke or something . Then maybe he realised I was serious and he calmed down . ` He said : ` Girl 's say : ` No ' , but they do n't mean it . ' I just wanted him out . My flatmate said she was going to call the police , but he laughed at her and said it would just be a domestic . ' Parkour and free-running fan , Leheup was arrested after he left the woman 's flat . When questioned by police the architect said his date did not object to being touched intimately by him . Leheup walked free from court after the jury returned the not guilty verdicts .