Forget chicken fingers and fries -- Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka 's twins prefer much more foodie-approved fare than the average four-year-old . In a recent interview , David , 39 , explained how being a personal chef and graduate of the famed Le Cordon Bleu cooking school has helped him to influence his children 's culinary tastes . ` I cook for them a ton ! ' he told The New Potato . ` My kids are crazy eaters . They have incredible palates . ' Scroll down for video . Say cheese : Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka 's adorable twins love food and have unusually refined palates for four-year-olds , including a love for seafood and spices . Shared duties : Chef David does most of the cooking in the Harris-Burtka house , but Neil serves as bartender for company and helps David create the perfect presentation . While David said he most often serves grilled fish , ceviche , and quesadillas , he noted that his children each have their own personal favorites as well . Son Gideon eats everything that is put in front of him , said David , but favors clams , sushi , octopus , grilled pork , steak , Parmesan cheese , coconut , and spices like ginger , mint , and cinnamon . Daughter Harper , meanwhile , prefers ` very strong and briny flavors ' including oysters , sardines , prosciutto , capers , duck liver , miso , and -- not so unusually -- chocolate . Foodie feast : Neil commented on this Instagram picture that his kids were ` devouring oysters at Eataly ' in New York City ; the seafood pick is one of daughter Harper 's favorite foods . Impressive tastes : Though the twins eat regular ` kid food ' like popcorn , shown here , they also love a lot of dishes that most children their age would n't touch , like ceviche and sardines . Though David said that he and husband Neil , 41 , do n't usually cook as a couple , with David himself taking the reins in the kitchen , Neil does serve as ` more of the bartender ' when they have company at their New York home . The How I Met Your Mother star serves cocktails and pairs wine with David 's food , but is also ` a great sous chef ' who David can rely on to plate food and ice cupcakes . It 's natural that David emerged as the parent who prepares most of the meals in the family ; besides being an established actor , he also trained under star chef Mario Batali and runs a catering company called Gourmet M.D. , which boasts a long list of celebrity clients including Christina Hendricks , John Hamm , Zackary Quinto , and Jesse Tyler Ferguson . Couture kids : Harper and Gideon know how to dress up -- and strike a pose to show off their fabulous outfits . Designer darlings : In the caption for this Instagram photo , Neil says his kids are ` giving model poses ' Perfect pose : Gideon smiles big while papa Neil says Harper is ` a girl , girl , girl ' who likes to be announced like a debutante when she comes down the stairs . Cuisine is n't the only thing for which Gideon and Harper have discerning tastes , either -- though the pair only turned four in October , they 've already developed and eye for fashion . Dubbing them ` fashionis-tots , ' Neil explained on Inside the Actors Studio that Harper in particular has a flair for dressing up : ` Harper is a girl , girl , girl . She wears mermaid outfits and has falls in her hair and you have to announce her when she comes down the staircase . ' Both of the twins seem happy to get decked out for their dads , as Neil regularly posts photos of the adorable duo in impeccably-styled outfits on his Instagram account .