The sister of a missing woman who left a popular Spanish nightspot with two Brits who are now being probed over her disappearance has made a tearful video appeal for information on her whereabouts . Pretty Agnese Klavina , 30 , vanished after being driven away from celebrity Puerto Banus haunt Aqwa Mist on September 6 last year . Older sister Gunta fought back tears as she described her sister as ` very beautiful ' and spoke of her despair at the lack of news . Tearful : Older sister Gunta has made an emotional video appeal for information about Agnese 's whereabouts . Blonde beauty : Agnese travelled to Marbella to start a summer job at the Ocean Club in Marbella , was wearing a multi-coloured halter neck dress and carrying a large white Louis Vuitton handbag when she left the club . Suspicion : Multi-millionaire property developer 's son Westley Capper -LRB- left -RRB- and pal Craig Porter -LRB- right -RRB- were summoned to court on Monday in nearby Marbella . Looking pale-faced and drawn and speaking in a faltering voice , the 31-year-old said : ` It 's been over seven months since she went missing and we do n't know anything about her . ` I beg you . If anyone knows anything about her whereabouts or what happened to her that night , please provide us with this information and we will give this information to the police . ` We have heard that she left the nightclub with some English people . Please if you have heard , if you can imagine how I feel , how her mother feels , please give us some information about her . ' Gunta 's heartbreaking video appeal emerged hours after multi-millionaire property developer 's son Westley Capper , 37 , and pal Craig Porter , 33 , were summoned to court on Monday in nearby Marbella . The pair , who are being investigated on suspicion of Agnese 's illegal detention after a damning police report based on CCTV footage claimed she did not leave the club voluntarily , refused to answer questions about the case . A secrecy order imposed on the case was removed and a huge police file released to the family 's lawyer . Marbella-based judge Sergio Luis Martin indicated at Monday 's hearing - which took place behind closed doors - that he would be happy to meet Agnese 's family and brief them on his findings so far . Missing : Friends reported Agnese missing the week of her disappearance along with her mum and sister after they flew to Spain when she failed to respond to calls and messages . The judge is now expected to order new DNA tests on a human hair found inside the boot of the Mercedes privately-educated Capper has admitted to driving Latvian-born Agnese away from the club in . Samples taken from a motorboat belonging to Capper 's family - which police fear may have been used to dispose of Agnese 's body if she is dead - are also expected to be analysed using DNA from her mum . Overweight expat Capper - whose Essex-born dad John specialises in buying and selling luxury properties around the world - has had travel restrictions imposed on him while the investigation against him continues . He is claiming he dropped off Agnese , whose boyfriend Michael Millis is a former owner of west London club Westbourne Studios , near a flat she was staying at for the summer close to the home of former England manager Fabio Capello . Porter , from Liverpool , says he fell asleep on the back seat of the car they left the club in before the drop-off . Forensic experts were unable to discover who the hair in the boot of the car belonged to during during initial tests following a sweep of the vehicle . Agnese with British boyfriend Michael Millis , who travelled to Spain to help the search for the 30-year-old . The motorboat belonging to Capper 's family was seized in a port in the province of Murcia , around 300 miles east of Marbella . It left a port in Fuengirola near Marbella days after Agnese vanished . A doorman at Aqwa Mist was initially arrested alongside the two current Brit suspects for allegedly obstructing police inquiries - but the case against him dropped after the trio took part in a police reconstruction of the last night Agnese was seen alive . The criminal inquiry is expected to become a homicide probe if new DNA tests show Agnese was in the boot of the car or on the motorboat . Neither suspect has yet been formally charged with any crime as is normal in Spain in the early stages of an investigation . Aqwa Mist is one of four Marbella venues owned by international restaurant brand La Sala , whose shareholders include ex-Tottenham Hotspurs winger David Bentley and defender Dean Austin . Agnese Klavina vanished after being driven away from celebrity Puerto Banus haunt Aqwa Mist on September 6 last year . Capper -LRB- left -RRB- and Porter -LRB- right -RRB- after their court appearance on Monday . Privately-educated Capper has admitted to driving Latvian-born Agnese away from the club . Footballer Ashley Cole is said to have spent £ 12,000 on champagne he then sprayed over his friends during a night out at the nightspot the summer before last . Hollywood star Eva Longoria , American actor and singer Terence Howard , and boxer Amir Khan have partied there since its opening in June 2012 . The stars of BAFTA award-winning reality TV soap opera TOWIE are also summer regulars at the club , which bills itself as Marbella 's number one party venue . Lawyers acting for the two Brits refused to comment as they left court . A court official confirmed : ` Both suspects declined to answer questions from the judge . ` The investigation is ongoing . ' A source close to the case said : ` The judge has indicated he will order fresh DNA tests which may involve the use of Agnese 's mum 's DNA . ` He had important questions to ask the suspects and obviously would have preferred it if they had agreed to cooperate with his investigation . ' Capper 's dad , known to friends as Fred , has made a fortune from purchasing and selling luxury properties across the world . He has modernised and sold luxury villas in fortress estates like La Zagaleta near Marbella , home to some of the world 's wealthiest people . One of his companies also boasts of assets including yachts and private jets . An acquaintance , who asked not to be named , described him as ` mega-rich ' and said he owned his own private plane with his name on the tail plate . He is currently understood to be based in Gibraltar . The source said : ` Westley might not look like a multi-millionaire 's son but he 's never wanted for anything . ' Agnese , a 5ft 7in blonde who had travelled to Marbella to start a summer job at the Ocean Club in Marbella , was wearing a multi-coloured halter neck dress and carrying a large white Louis Vuitton handbag when she left the club . Friends reported her missing the week of her disappearance , along with her mum and sister after they flew to Spain when she failed to respond to calls and messages and they discovered her clothes and bank cards were still at a nearby flat she was staying at . Her friends and relatives have put up missing posters around Marbella and the neighbouring resort of Puerto Banus in the hope of cracking the mystery . Agnese 's friends and relatives have put up missing posters around Marbella and the neighbouring resort of Puerto Banus in the hope of cracking the mystery . Boyfriend Michael admitted at the time : ` The longer Agnese is missing the more pessimistic we are about ever seeing her alive again ' They have also set up a Find Agnese Klavina Facebook page linked to a GoFundMe page to help raise funds for legal fees linked to the search . Agnese 's mum Daiga , in an appeal for information about her daughter 's whereabouts in February , said : ` We ca n't believe this is happening . ` It has now been nearly six months without our daughter - not knowing if she is still alive or where she may be . ` Please help us find our Agnese , our lives will never be the same if we do n't see her again . ` If anyone has any information no matter how small , it could make a big difference to our efforts in finding her . ' Boyfriend Michael admitted at the time : ` The longer Agnese is missing the more pessimistic we are about ever seeing her alive again . ` I think if she was going to be found safe and well she would have contacted someone close to her by now and she has n't . ' Anyone with any information on Agnese 's whereabouts can phone the Spanish police on -LRB- 0034 -RRB- 952762600 or the Find Agnese campaign number -LRB- 0044 -RRB- 7731 976471 . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .