The biblical-style ramblings of accused killer Charles Severance , 54 , were revealed during his court appearance on Thursday -LRB- pictured -RRB- . An accused serial killer 's rambling manifesto revealed details of his chilling plan to ` Knock . Talk . Enter . Kill . Exit . Murder ' , a prosecutor has said . Charles Severance , 54 , who has been charged with the murders of Nancy Dunning , Ron Kirby and Ruthanne Lodato , in Alexandria , Virginia , was in court for a hearing on Thursday . All three victims were gunned down at their homes in daylight attacks : Dunning in 2003 , Kirby in 2013 and Lodato last year . At court on Thursday , prosecutor Bryan Porter argued Severance , who was once a fringe candidate for political office , should face just one trial as his writings linked the three murders , The Washington Post reported . Severance 's writing appeared to echo a biblical passage and also included the words : ` The last scream of a victim echoes to eternity ... Murder on my mind , and my mind on murder . ' The prosecution alleged that Severance 's plan to kill was outlined in a bizarre piece called ` Parable of the Knocker ' , based on a bible passage called Parable of the Midnight Knocker . Judge Jane Marum Roush also decided at the hearing that Severance 's trial should be moved from Alexandria to Fairfax County because the possibility of an impartial jury seemed unlikely after the hysteria which surrounded the murders . Severance was arrested in March 2014 over the murders after he sought asylum at the Russian Embassy in D.C. . He was reportedly ` sent away ' from the embassy and told he was an ` unwanted guest ' . Accused serial killer Charles Severance , 54 , had several outbursts at his court hearing on Thursday in Alexandria , Virginia and was reprimanded by the judge . Alleged serial killer Charles Severance was escorted out following a hearing in his case at the Alexandria Circuit Court on Thursday . His trial will be moved to Fairfax County , a judge ruled , over fears for an impartial jury due to the hysteria surrounding the murders . The murders caused panic among the residents of the wealthy Washington D.C. suburb of Alexandria after they were warned by authorities that a serial killer was on the loose . The shootings were random but took place just blocks from each other when the victims opened their front doors at the same time of day . Ruthanne Lodato , a married mother-of-three , was killed on February 6 last year after a man knocked on her door at 11.30 am and opened fire on her and a nurse caring for her mother . Lodato , 59 , was rushed to hospital in critical condition but did not survive . The nurse , who was shot in the arm , gave police a description of their bearded attacker . Several months earlier , in November 2013 , regional transportation planner Ronald Kirby , 69 , was shot dead at his home . In December 2003 , real estate agent Nancy Dunning , 56 , was gunned down . Ballistics revealed similarities in bullet fragments at the three murder scenes . Pictured left , Ruthanne Lodato , 59 , a married mother-of-three , was shot dead at her home in Alexandria last year . Several months earlier , in November 2013 , Ronald Kirby , 69 , was also killed . Left , real estate agent Nancy Dunning , 56 , was gunned down in Virginia in December 2003 . Similar bullet fragments were found at the murder scene to two killings years later , and a police sketch of a suspect released -LRB- right -RRB- . Severance had built up anger after a court ruling in 2000 which banned him from having contact with his son , which he detailed on his personal website , MentalDisorder.com . On the website he claimed that mental health tests , which he refused to take , were conducted by , ` secular -LRB- demon possessed -RRB- humanist-priests , democracy government regulated mad-doctors , agents of psychiatry , and other weak hypocrites ' . Alexandria Commonwealth 's Attorney Bryan Porter told the court on Thursday that Severance 's anger drove him to kill , The Post reported . Defense attorneys argued for Ms Dunning 's murder case to be tried separately but the prosecutor said that ballistics evidence and the defendant 's writings made a connection between the three killings . During the court appearance on Thursday , Severance made frequent outbursts and was reprimanded by the judge . When discussing him making an obscene gesture at another court appearance , The Post reported that the defendant held up his middle finger and said : ` That 's West Virginia . That 's not an obscene gesture . ' The trial is due to begin in October . The three victims were shot at random outside their front doors in broad daylight in the wealthy DC suburb of Alexandria , Virginia .