Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren says she 's relieved Dzhokhar Tsarnaev has been found guilty of carrying out the Boston bombing - the greatest tragedy in her state 's recent history - but does n't believe he should be executed . In an interview with CBS This Morning on Thursday , Warren reacted to Wednesday 's jury verdict which found the 21-year-old guilty on all 30 charges related to the Boston Marathon explosions which killed three and injured hundreds at the finish line . ` Nothing is ever going to make those who were injured whole and it 's been a terrible thing but this is a step toward justice , ' Warren said . When asked what she would like to see happen in the penalty stage of the trial , liberal-minded Warren stuck by her anti-death penalty stance . ` My heart goes out to the families here but I do n't support the death penalty . I think that he should spend his life in jail - no possibility of parole - he should die in prison . But that 's just how I see it . It 's up to the jury , ' she said . Scroll down for video . Life in prison : Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren said Thursday that she does n't believe convicted Boston bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev should be sentenced to death . Warren pictured left on CBS This Morning on Thursday . Tsarnaev pictured right in Boston federal court on Wednesday as his guilty verdict was read . Warren went on to speak about current Democratic party issues , as well as comment and likely presidential candidate Hillary Clinton . However , the woman once thought to be a front-runner for her party refused to compare her politics to the former secretary of state . Warren has repeatedly denied that she will run in the Democratic primaries . Now that Tsarnaev has been found guilty of committing the Boston Marathon bombings , the case will move on to the penalty stage of the trail which could begin as early as Monday . It is in this stage of the trial that the jury will decide whether or not to sentence Tsarnaev to life in prison or the death penalty - a matter in which they will have to vote unanimously . Justice : Boston Marathon bombing survivor Karen Brassard , second from left , speaks alongside Carlos Arredondo , left , Laurie Scher , second from right , and Mike Ward , on Wednesday following the conviction of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev . While the defense rarely cross-examined witnesses in the first portion of the trial , they will be more active in the next stage as they attempt to convince the jury against sentencing Tsarnaev to death . One thing Tsarnaev 's favor is his lead defense attorney Judy Clarke , who specializes in death penalty cases and spared notorious killers like Unabomber Ted Kaczynski from execution . Clarke 's method is to humanize her client to the jury , with stories about their life which might explain what led them to commit such heinous crimes . In the first portion of the trial , the defense alluded to an argument that then 19-year-old Tsarnaev was influenced by his radicalized older brother Tamerlan . Attorneys will likely continue that storyline with this next phase of the trial , exploring the brothers relationship , their childhood in Soviet Russia and Kyrgzstan and their later immigration to the U.S. with their parents . However , legal experts say saving Tsarnaev from the death penalty will be her toughest job yet . Secret weapon : Tsarnaev 's lead defense attorney , Judy Clarke , specializes in death penalty cases and has spared several of her notorious killer clients from execution by humanizing them to the jury . Pictured above leaving court on Wednesday , after hearing the guilty verdict for Tsarnaev . ` I have n't yet heard all the mitigating factors you 'd expect to hear . In traditional death penalty cases , it 's physical abuse , sexual abuse , drug abuse , dropping out of school , ' Meg Penrose , a death penalty expert at Texas a & m University School of Law , said . However , Tsarnaev has yet another advantage of being put on trial in Massachusetts since the state outlawed capital punishment in 1984 . While the death penalty is not allowed in state cases , Tsarnaev is being tried in federal court which makes the death penalty a possible sentencing option . However , experts say that since the jury was pulled from a pool of Massachusetts residents , they could decided against the death penalty as a reflection of the state 's general politics on the issue . The prosecution will also have to convince the jury while Tsarnaev should be sentenced to death , proving that the crime was carried out with certain aggravating factors that warrant execution . So far they 've listed such factors as killing a child and planning the attack for the day of the Marathon to maximize the loss of life .