He 's branded himself Britain 's ` flashiest playboy ' , and to prove he 's happy to splash his cash , multi-millionaire Danny Lambo has bought his girlfriend a £ 10,000 Easter present . The boastful 37-year-old hotelier , who has previously said he enjoys flaunting his wealth , paid for a luxury bath to be fitted in the home of Natasha Flynn , 29 , that runs pure chocolate milk . The bespoke gift , which is now available to buy , costs £ 1,000 each time to fill - with melted chocolate containing an astonishing 1.3 million calories . Scroll down for video . ` Flash playboy ' Danny Lambo posing with girlfriend Natasha Flynn inside her £ 10,000 Easter gift - a chocolate bath . Natasha enjoys a flake in the £ 10,000 bath , which contains 205 litres of melted milk chocolate . Danny - whose actual surname is Karne but he claims he is known as ` Lambo ' because of his passion for Lamborghinis - had the first-of-its-kind bath made as an Easter treat for his ` queen ' . He said : ` Cleopatra was the ultimate queen of luxury so a bath that runs chocolate instead of water was the perfect Easter gift for the queen in my life . ` A standard Easter egg was just not going to cut it this year , so I wanted to get a show-stopping gift to show Natasha my love . ` Part of my work with my VIP contacts involves travelling the world to find rare artefacts , and recently during a research trip in Egypt I learnt a lot about Cleopatra and her fascinating habit of bathing in donkey 's milk . ` I thought my girlfriend deserved the same but I wanted to take it up a notch - why not chocolate ? ' The brash Croydon-born entrepreneur , who claims he left school with no qualifications , says he was told by his headmaster that he would fail in life . Natasha poses in the bath - her Easter gift from Danny ` Lambo ' , the hotelier worth £ 25m . Danny , whose actual surname is Karne , is known as ` Lambo ' because of his passion for extra-loud Lamborghinis . He has bought cars from the likes of rapper 50 cent . But years later he says he claims to be living a luxury lifestyle that sees him jetting around the world meeting Middle Eastern royalty , buying cars from rappers like 50 Cent and , of course , treating the ladies to the finer things in life . The Landmark Touchstone Bath is adapted to include a separate , refillable chocolate-warming reservoir plumbed to supply a pressurised flow of liquid in the tub which has a 205-litre capacity . The pressurised taps even mean the chocolate develops froth - allowing Natasha to relax in bubbles . The Landmark Touchstone Bath from bathstore is adapted to include a separate refillable chocolate warming reservoir that is plumbed to supply a pressurised chocolate flow through the taps on request , without affecting the normal function of the water flow , taps or bath . It 's a freestanding , steep-sided bath is made from in non-stick , thermally efficient material to keep chocolate fluid , and is supplied with a slotted waste and a 205 litre capacity , for an ultra-luxurious chocolate bathing experience . Mr Lambo , a hotelier from Mayfair , London , went to the bathstore in Baker Street with his unusual request , and said he was delighted when they were able to start working on his idea . Danny , who is reportedly worth £ 25 million and the star of new TV show , the Broker , added : ` The bath is perfect for a chocoholic like her , not to mention the perfect fit for Easter . ` I went to bathstore with my idea , and although they thought I was a bit crazy they took on the project and found a way to make it work ; it 's brilliant . ' Natasha , who relaxed while eating a Flake chocolate bar in the bath , said : ` It really is amazing . I adore chocolate and love having a bath so this is my idea of heaven . ` And when you get out your skin feels great and smells delicious . Easter is my favourite time of year because of all of the chocolate . ` I love to have a chocolate bar in my tub while I bathe - it 's so indulgent , it 's perfect . This the best Easter ever , Danny 's outdone himself with this present . ' The chocolate bath is now available to buy and prices start from £ 10,000 . When he 's not managing his three hotels and property empire , Danny claims he likes to enjoy swanky £ 10,000-plus drinks at his six-storey Mayfair townhouse , which once belonged to Tory Prime Minister Anthony Eden , or at his other property overlooking the Thames . He thinks nothing of spending an extravagant £ 5,000 on meals at trendy west London restaurants like Chiltern Firehouse and Novikov - and his home boasts plenty of antiques - which include a four-poster bed that he claims once belonged to Napoleon . Natasha says she ` adores ' chocolate - and claim her skin feels ` great ' after having a chocolate bath . Danny Lambo , pictured with his personal assistant , Nikki , and his fleet of cars outside one of the three hotels that he owns . He is part of a new generation of self made millionaires flaunting their wealth . His purple Diabolo Lamborghinis has the loudest exhaust in Britain , and has proved hell for his neighbours in west London . His other vices include judging beauty contests like Miss USSR UK and chatting up contestants at the Miss World finals . Despite his ostentatious ways , Danny claims he is a good person with a kind-heart who is just enjoying life . And despite his extravagant and flashy ways he says , he knows the value of money after growing up in a normal household . ` I 'm not going to hide my wealth , I do n't know why I should . I 've worked hard for this . I was n't born with a silver shoe , so why not flash it ? ` I became a millionaire when I was 22 and I 'm the type of person that if I have money I 'll spend it . ` I 'm not going to take it to the grave with me . ` When I 'm dead and dusted I 'll leave what I have left to charities , friends and family , but while I 'm still here I 'm going to spend it . ' Danny , who owns a £ 100k Chopard watch , claims he is well-liked by the established wealth in London , despite appearing to flaunt his wealth . He claims grew up in a normal household with one brother and two sisters in Croydon , south London . Both his parents were teachers who encouraged him to get a full and rounded education - but Danny says he aspired to be something brighter and bolder . The self-confessed daydreamer left school aged 16 without any qualifications - thanks in part to a chance encounter with a Japanese music producer . Danny and his friends were singing in a London bar when they were scouted and invited to tour the Far East , with the intention of later marketing them back to a Western audience . ` We were offered a record deal and so I literally walked out of school before my final exams and headmaster said : ` Hey , Danny where are you going ? ' . ` I said , ` I 'm going to Japan to become a pop star ' . He replied ` you 're going to fail in life ' . He bought a 30-room b & b in Paddington and with the help of his interior-designer older sister converted it into The Pavilion hotel -LRB- pictured -RRB- - and it soon became a celebrity hotspot . Danny Lambo , pictured at the Pavilion Hotel , that stars including Morrissey , Duran Duran , Pete Doherty , Kate Moss and Naomi Campbell have visited . ` I told him to get lost and we walked out and went to Japan . ' Over the next four years , Danny toured girls ' schools and other venues in Asia , Australia and New Zealand , living out of a suitcase and spending most of his time rehearsing and performing or living in hotels . When the band finished , Danny was forced to turn to the one thing he did know after several years on the road . ` The hotel kind of became my world outside of the music , ' said Danny , who was the lead singer in the group called Jealous . ` For 21 hours of the day we 'd just be hanging out in the hotels . It was all I knew . My best mate would be the concierge and I 'd be dating the chambermaids . ` So when I got out of the music industry when I was 21 , having sent every penny I 'd saved back home , the only thing I knew how to do was run a hotel . ` I did n't have any qualifications but I could make a bed with my eyes shut , I knew how the concierge ran and I knew how the reception ran . ' On his return he bought a 30-room b & b in Paddington and with the help of his interior-designer older sister converted it into The Pavilion hotel - and it soon became a celebrity hotspot . ` We had all the big bands staying with us like Morrissey , Duran Duran , Pete Doherty . And , of course , where the rock stars go , the fashion models follow . ` So we had Naomi Campbell , Kate Moss come in and all the supermodels of the time would come for photo-shoots . ' The hotel later became known as The Pavilion Fashion Rock 'n' Roll Hotel due to its themed rooms and celebrity clientele . This success he claimed was then followed by more hotels and property investments , which make up the bulk of his £ 25m wealth . With the money coming in , Danny claims he was able to live a life most men in their 20s can only dream of - especially when it came to indulging his passion for fast cars and beautiful women .