After the launch of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus , several new owners complained that the slim aluminium phones bent out of shape after being placed in tight pockets . So to avoid another ` bend gate , ' Apple is rumoured to be planning on using stronger materials to construct its next generation smartphone . The forthcoming phone could feature the same 7000 series aluminium as its forthcoming Apple Watch Sport edition , which is reportedly also used in competition bicycles . Scroll down for videos . And to avoid another ` bend gate ' Apple is rumoured to be planning on using stronger materials to construct its next generation smartphone . This image shows a bent iPhone 6S . The material would make the next iPhone 60 per cent harder than the iPhone 6 , Taiwan-based Economic Daily News reported . The metal is the same as that used to make professional sports bikes but has been altered by Apple to make it lighter , according to Cult of Mac . The forthcoming phone could feature the same 7000 series aluminium as its forthcoming Apple Watch Sport edition -LRB- pictured -RRB- , which is reportedly also used in competition bicycles . The Apple Watch Sport has a lightweight anodised aluminium case . Apple used a new alloy of 7000 Series aluminium that 's 60 per cent stronger than standard alloys . The same alloy is used to make racing bikes . The display is protected by strengthened Ion-X glass . Together , the materials make the Sport edition 30 per cent lighter than the other Apple Watch models . Apple polishes the aluminium used in its Sports watch then anodises it to using tint zirconia beads to create a hard and scratch-proof outer layer . ` We believe this aluminium alloy sets a new standard both in the way it performs and the way it looks , ' Apple 's Senior Vice President of Design Jony Ive said previously . The next generation iPhones , which are expected to be called the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus , are expected to be unveiled in September and may include a A9 chip and Force Touch Feature , which also features in the Apple Watch . It 's also possible that the Californian tech giant will release a four-inch version of the phone called the iPhone 6C . Days after the launch of the iPhone 6 , owners revealed they can be bent out of shape when stowed in a pocket . The handset is made from a combination of 6000 series anodised aluminium and stainless steel with titanium inserts , Forbes reported . Apple polishes the aluminium used in its Sports watch then anodises it to using tint zirconia beads to create a hard and scratch-proof outer layer . Addressing ` bend gate ' after the phone 's launch , Apple spokeswoman Trudy Muller said : ` With normal use , a bend in iPhone is extremely rare and through our first six days of sale , a total of nine customers have contacted Apple with a bent iPhone 6 Plus . ' Tests showed that the phone bent out of shape under 100 lbs of pressure - the same as the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge . But accusations of unintentionally bendy handsets have dogged Apple since 2012 , when some users claimed the iPhone 5 and later the iPhone 5S had a similar weakness . The reason for the bend is due to the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus being made out of aluminium . Aluminium is a relatively soft metal and is fairly ductile and flexible so , if enough pressure is applied , it will bend and move . According to iMore , no part of either of the new iPhones has more than a quarter of an inch -LRB- 0.64 cm -RRB- of aluminium in any spot . This means that , in areas of the phones that are weakest , it 's possible it could be susceptible to bending . This is noticeable in images , with many of the bends occurring near the volume buttons and the SIM card slot . These areas have segments of the shell cut out to make room for the buttons and SIM card , so there is less aluminium - and they are more likely to bend . To stop the phone bending , users need to ensure that they do not put increased pressure on the middle of the phone . For example , do not have it sideways in a pocket , as your pocket will push it against your leg , possibly causing bending . Putting it in your back pocket could also have a similar effect , so storing it in a shirt pocket or bag might be a better option . Another option would be to make sure you have a case for the phone so that it can maintain its rigidity even when pressure is applied .