Jason Cotterill sent revenge porn to his jilted lover 's daughter and threatened to post a sex video on the mother 's Facebook page . A mother whose jilted lover sent revenge porn to her 18-year-old daughter has spoken of the ` absolute nightmare ' her life became as he bombarded her with abusive messages . Jason Cotterill , 42 , plagued his victim with messages over the internet , even threatening to post a sex video of her on her Facebook page . The terrified woman said her life became a living ` hell ' when Cotterill , who was jailed last week , sent an explicit photo of her to her own daughter . ` It got so bad I considered suicide , ' the mother said . ` If it had n't have been for some great friends I would have gone through with it . ' ` It was n't nice for my daughter . It was my past - years ago . My kids did n't need to know about that . ` I was trying to move on with my life . It 's part of my life I want to totally erase . ` I know I 'm not blameless because I should n't have slept with him . It was a stupid , stupid thing to do , it was a drunken thing . But it made my life an absolute nightmare . ' Cotterill knew his victim from childhood and knew that she had been previously involved in making sex tapes , Birmingham Magistrates ' Court heard . He and the victim had attended the same school when they were children but got back in contact through Facebook in 2013 . They met up for three dates between January and September 2013 but had sex on just one occasion . The court was told that the mother - a former sex worker - immediately regretted the liaison and told her lover she did not want to see him again . Soon afterwards she began receiving ` creepy ' messages from the defendant , saying he loved her and wanted to be with her . As a result , she ` unfriended ' him on Facebook and changed her mobile phone number . During the trial the woman told the court he set up 67 different Facebook accounts in an attempt to contact her after she blocked him on the social networking site . The victim said : ` My life was made hell . I became depressed , anxious and scared to leave the house . Cotterill was jailed for 12 weeks and ordered to not contact woman again following a trial at Birmingham Magistrates ' Court -LRB- pictured -RRB- . ` He did n't know where I lived but I thought `` What if he finds out ? '' It got me worried to go out , I was constantly looking over my shoulder . I became very depressed , and the fact that he was sending pictures to my daughter was the final straw . ` It was just constant . There was no let-up . He kept sending messages . Some people said `` Oh it 's only messages '' , but it consumes your life . ` They say you should delete your Facebook account but it 's a way of keeping in touch with my friends and family , especially friends I do n't get to see . I blocked him but each time he set up new profiles to get past it ... There was no way he was going to stop . ' She reported Cotterill to Facebook but the social media site did not take any action , the victim claims . Cotterill , 42 , plagued his victim with messages over the internet , including threatening to post a sex video of her on her Facebook page . Eventually the woman told the police about the messages , ending the abuse , but the court case was yet another ordeal . She gave evidence from behind a screen that was just a few yards away from Cotterill , who smirked as she spoke . ` I thought if I did n't go to court he could carry on doing it , so I got the courage from somewhere , ' she said . ` I 'm happy I did , but it was difficult . This has been going on since August 2013 so it 's nice to be believed . ` It feels like a weight 's been lifted and hopefully this will be the end of it . ' ` I 'm happy the police arrested him and brought him to justice . I hope this sends the message out that you ca n't do this kind of thing . ` I have no idea how I got through it . There was a point where I was going to give in until a very , very good friend of mine said `` You can not let this man do this to you anymore '' . She was very concerned about my health , my mental stability . ` The Government has made this sort of thing a criminal offence , and that is a good thing . ` But I think about young children and teenagers who are going through a similar nightmare , and it sickens me . There are people out there who are not strong enough to deal with it . ' Cotterill , from Oldbury , West Midlands , was jailed for 12 weeks and had previously been found guilty of harassment following a trial . As well as being jailed , he was also banned indefinitely from contacting his victim . District Judge David Robinson said : ` You harassed the complainant over a three-month period and used social networks constantly in a threatening manner to get her to re-engage with you . ` There are a number of aggravating features in this case . ` You sought to use dozens of Facebook profiles to get in touch with her , you also found a link to a pornographic site and made use of that . ` You either involved or threatened to involve others , sending the link to the woman 's friends and her sister , insinuating that her children might get to see the photos . ` You used the power you had over her by the knowledge of those photos . '