An Arizona woman has pleaded guilty to hitting her husband with their SUV because he did n't vote in the 2012 presidential election . Holly Nicole Solomon , now 31 , admitted to running over her husband Daniel in a Mesa parking lot after an argument where she said that her family would ` face hardship ' because of Barack Obama 's reelection . Solomon , who was six months pregnant at the time , originally pleaded not guilty to charges of aggravated assault and disorderly conduct for the incident , but now will serve three and a half years in prison following a plea deal . Holly Nicole Solomon -LRB- right -RRB- , now 31 , has pleaded guilty to aggravated assault after hitting her husband Daniel -LRB- left -RRB- with their SUV after learning that he did n't vote in the 2012 presidential election . Bystanders in the parking lot who called police during the 10 am Sunday morning row said that Solomon had been slamming the door of her Jeep repeatedly while yelling at her husband . She then is said to have chased him down with the SUV , driving in circles as he tried to hide behind a light pole , according to the Arizona Republic . The woman told police that she wanted to scare her spouse by stopping short of him , but accidentally stepped on the accelerator instead of the brake and slammed into her husband . He had been running around the parking lot screaming for help as bystanders looked on in terror . There was no indication that she had drugs or alcohol in her system at the time . She had blamed problems in their family on Obama and ` just hated ' him , according to her husband . Solomon was seen driving in circles around a parking lot in Mesa , Arizona -LRB- right -RRB- , as she ran down her spouse . Mitt Romney ended up winning Arizona 's 11 electoral votes but Barack Obama won reelection 332 to 206 . Above , he makes his victory speech on election night . Daniel Solomon , 36 at the time , was taken to the hospital in critical condition after suffering a shattered pelvis as well as a torn artery . Hospital staff said at the time that he may have suffered ` permanent disfiguration ' , according to ABC 15 . Barack Obama 's 2012 opponent , Mitt Romney , ended up winning Arizona and its 11 electoral votes by a large margin . Obama won reelection with 332 electoral votes to Romney 's 206 . Holly Solomon would have faced up to 15 years in prison if convicted of aggravated assault . She will be sentenced on May 21 .