Blogger : Lisa is the author of Canadian Expat Mom . When Canadian expat Lisa Webb first sent her vegetable-phobic three-year-old to school in France , she feared her daughter would starve during the day . The former assistant elementary school principal , who moved to France in 2009 , was shocked to find rôti de boeuf and cordon bleu de dinde on the menu for toddlers - dishes she was used to eating in fancy restaurants with her husband . But when offered the chance to sit in on her eldest daughter 's lunch breaks for one week , she witnessed tots using ` grown-up knives and forks ' and eating everything put in front of them . In her native Canada , children would sit on the floor in the gym to eat their lunch . They were given 20 minutes to wolf down whatever their parents had packed for them and 20 minutes to play . In 2009 , Lisa and her husband made the move to France and she began working as a substitute teacher in Paris . Writing in her blog - Canadian Expat Mom - the 34-year-old said : ` I 'll never forget dreading the fact that I was on lunchtime supervision because I saw that fish was on the menu that day . ` I had been a teacher for long enough to know that there was going to be a lot of elementary school kids plugging their noses and telling me they did n't like fish . This was going to be a long supervision period . ' But those children proved her wrong - they did n't turn up their noses and even asked for seconds . Scroll down for video . Speaking to MailOnline from her home in the Aquitaine region of southern France , she said : ` That 's when I first encountered kids eating whatever was being put in front of them . ` I was shocked because it was n't necessarily what I wanted to eat . ' Fast forward five years to 2014 , and Lisa had her own daughter to get ready for her first day at school . At three years old , she enjoyed a healthy continental diet but refused to eat vegetables . Three-course meal : Lisa Webb was nervous about sending her vegetable-phobic child to a school where pupils eat what they are served . ` Initially I think that we did give her everything , we eat very healthily as a family , ' Lisa explained . ` Even if we wanted to give our kids fast food it does n't really exist . Fast food for us is grabbing a baguette and a chunk of cheese . ` She ate everything but vegetables - foie gras , saucisson , lapin -LRB- rabbit -RRB- . At home I stopped offering her broccoli because I did n't like wasting food . ` I was a little bit nervous . I thought `` there is no way she can stay at school , she will be starving '' . ' Writing in her blog , she added : ` Each week I would head over to the bulletin board posted outside the school and check what they were eating for lunch . There was n't a burger and fries or chicken finger to be seen on the list . ` It all sounded so fancy . Was Julia Child working in the kitchen ? How were they serving this to three-year-olds ? Did they have a magic wand to get these kids to eat this very grown up list of food ? ` Whenever I would come across the ladies that worked in the lunchroom , I would stare in disbelief as they would tell me what a good eater my daughter was . ` Were they sure they had the right kid ? Because mine would barely touch a vegetable at home . Yet , she was n't coming home hungry , so she must have been eating something . ' ` There 's no plastic cutlery or non-breakable plates , ' Lisa wrote . ` The kids are served their meal at the table , not buffet style ' When the opportunity arose to spend a week in the canteen at lunchtime , where there is a constantly changing menu of salads , seasonal vegetables , meats and fish , the mum-of-two jumped at the chance . ` There 's no plastic cutlery or non-breakable plates , ' she wrote . ` The kids are served their meal at the table , not buffet style . ` This is France after all , where the gastronomic meal is protected as a UNESCO intangible world heritage item . There 's no messing around when it comes to the French and eating . ` All the kids ate what was served and there is no food brought from home . Each day at lunch there was a three-course meal ; no exceptions . ` The kids came into the lunchroom and sat politely using their manners , just like little adults . ` They were always offered seconds when they were done , and not forced to eat something they did n't like , yet always encouraged to try it . Not liking something did n't happened often though . ` However , if someone did n't like something there was n't a fuss made , their plate was cleared and the next course was served . ' When the opportunity arose to spend a week in the canteen at lunchtime the mum-of-two jumped at the chance . The meal at the French state school costs parents just € 2.60 -LRB- £ 1.90 -RRB- each day . ` I think a big part of it is that they are with their friends and they see all the other kids eating the same thing , ' she told MailOnline . ` There is no jealousy of what everyone else has . ` I think it 's amazing and it makes me happy that my kids are going to school here . ` Since we have lived here we go out for dinner and see kids eating in restaurants . You do n't see them with a kids ' menu or colouring in front of them . ` I think they learn it from when they are three years old . ` My daughter eats a lot more and it was a good eye-opener for me to see what she will eat . She gets vegetables every night . ' Lisa , who is writing a book about life in France , added : ` My eyes have been opened and I am amazed by the what the French public school system does daily at noon . Well done France . ' Monday . Starter : Pamplemousse -LRB- grapefruit -RRB- . Main : Rôti de boeuf -LRB- roast beef with pureed potato and carrots -RRB- . Dessert : Yaourt bifidus vanille -LRB- yoghurt -RRB- . Tuesday . Starter : Blé en salade -LRB- wheat grain salad -RRB- . Main : Cordon bleu de dinde -LRB- Turkey filled with cheese -RRB- . Dessert : Cantal et Pomme -LRB- Cantal cheese and an apple -RRB- . Wednesday . French children only go to school for half a day on Wednesday , so there is no school lunch . Thursday . Starter : Taboulé -LRB- tabbouleh -RRB- . Main : Sauté de porc aux pruneaux -LRB- sauteed pork with prunes -RRB- . Dessert : Emmental et tarte aux pommes -LRB- Emmental cheese and apple tart -RRB- . Friday . Starter : Potage -LRB- soup -RRB- . Main : Courgettes à la niçoise -LRB- courgettes -RRB- et omelette au fromage -LRB- cheese omelette -RRB- . Dessert : Banane -LRB- banana -RRB- . To read about Lisa 's life in France , visit www.canadianexpatmom.com or her Facebook page .