The New Horizons spacecraft has taken its first colour image of Pluto and its largest moon Charon ahead of its arrival in three months . Taken from a distance of 71 million miles -LRB- 115 million km -RRB- , the blurry image does n't reveal a huge amount of detail - but it is a sign of things to come . As the spacecraft gets closer and closer , the images will continue to improve until it flies by on 14 July - humanity 's first ever visit to Pluto . Nearly there : After more than nine years , the New Horizons spacecraft is now just three months away from its historic encounter with Pluto . And now the spacecraft has taken its first colour image , shown , revealing the dwarf planet -LRB- the bigger blob -RRB- and its moon Charon . After a journey of more than nine years , Nasa 's New Horizons spacecraft is now reaching the climax of its thrilling mission . It has traveled longer than any space mission in history to reach its primary target - with its pedometer measuring more than three billion miles -LRB- 4.8 billion km -RRB- . Its arrival at Pluto will be the last world in the ` classical solar system ' to be explored . In July this year New Horizons will become the first spacecraft ever to visit Pluto . It was launched on 19 January 2006 at a speed of 36,373 mph -LRB- 58,536 km/h -RRB- - the fastest spacecraft ever to leave Earth orbit , 100 times faster than a jetliner . After passing the orbits of all the major planets from Earth to Neptune , New Horizons is now beginning its final leg of its 3 billion-mile -LRB- 4.8 billion km -RRB- journey . On 14 July 2015 the flyby of Pluto will begin . Using a suite of instruments , the spacecraft will map the surface of Pluto and its moon Charon to a resolution of 25 miles -LRB- 40 km -RRB- - far better than anything possible before . This will reveal the surface features of Pluto - which may include ice . As it flies past , it will also look back at the two bodies against the sun , to look for telltale signs of an atmosphere . Despite the long journey , New Horizons will be travelling at such a speed that the flyby will last only around two hours - beginning at 11.49 am GMT -LRB- 06.49 am EST -RRB- on 14 July and ending just after 2.15 pm GMT -LRB- 9.15 am EST -RRB- . After passing Pluto , New Horizons will flyby one or several Kuiper Belt Objects -LRB- KBOs -RRB- , other bodies beyond the orbit of Pluto . The mission will officially end in 2026 . Pluto was demoted from a ` planet ' to a ` dwarf planet ' in 2006 when other objects of a similar or greater size were found . But regardless , the mission is of huge importance for our understanding of how bodies form even at great distances from their host star . ` New Horizons is one of the great explorations of our time , ' said New Horizons Project Scientist Hal Weaver at the John Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory in Laurel , Maryland . ` There 's so much we do n't know , not just about Pluto , but other worlds like it . ` We 're not rewriting textbooks with this historic mission - we 'll be writing them from scratch . ' The latest image of Pluto and Charon was captured by the Ralph camera on the spacecraft from a distance equivalent to the sun to Venus . At a relative speed of 30,000 mph -LRB- 50,000 km -RRB- , New Horizons will cover that distance in just three months . The image shows Pluto with a sort of reddish colour and Charon - which is just over half the size of Pluto - considerably dimmer . Our best images of Pluto so far are mostly attempts from Hubble - but they are not much better than this photo . This makes the New Horizon mission particularly exciting , as it will reveal the surface of a world we know very little about . Not since humans first started sending spacecraft into the solar system has a comparable mission been seen . Our best images of Pluto so far come from the Hubble Space Telescope -LRB- shown is one of the images -RRB- , so the arrival of New Horizons is hugely exciting for scientists , who have waited many years to catch a glimpse of this distant world and unravel some of its secrets . New Horizons -LRB- artist 's illustration shown -RRB- was launched on 19 January 2006 at a speed of 36,373 mph -LRB- 58,536 km/h -RRB- - the fastest spacecraft ever to leave Earth orbit , 100 times faster than a jetliner . Owing to the speed of New Horizons , the observations of Pluto will last just two hours . The flyby caps a five-decade-long era of reconnaissance that began with Venus and Mars in the early 1960s , and continued through first looks at Mercury , Jupiter and Saturn in the 1970s and Uranus and Neptune in the 1980s . Pluto is an extremely distant world , orbiting the sun more than 29 times farther than Earth . It is about two thirds the size of our moon . With a surface temperature estimated to be -229 ° c -LRB- -380 ° f -RRB- , the environment at Pluto is far too cold to allow liquid water on its surface . Pluto 's moons are also in the same frigid environment . The moon Charon is almost half the size of Pluto . The moon is so big that Pluto and Charon are sometimes referred to as a double dwarf planet system . The distance between them is 12,200 miles -LRB- 19,640 km -RRB- . Charon 's orbit around Pluto takes 6.4 Earth days . Charon neither rises nor sets , but hovers over the same spot on Pluto 's surface . The same side of Charon always faces Pluto - this is called tidal locking . Compared with most of the planets and moons , the Pluto-Charon system is tipped on its side . ` Scientific literature is filled with papers on the characteristics of Pluto and its moons from ground based and Earth orbiting space observations , but we 've never studied Pluto up close and personal , ' said John Grunsfeld , Nasa Science Mission Directorate . ` In an unprecedented flyby this July , our knowledge of what the Pluto systems is really like will expand exponentially and I have no doubt there will be exciting discoveries . ' Such is the mystery of Pluto that astronomers are not even sure what they will find on the surface . Pluto , the largest known body in the Kuiper Belt , is thought to have a nitrogen atmosphere and complex seasons . On its surface , it seems to have distinct markings , and it may have ice as well . The dwarf planet may even harbour an underground ocean . Among its five known moons , the largest - Charon - may itself sport an atmosphere or an interior ocean , and possibly even evidence of recent surface activity . Owing to the speed of New Horizons , the observations of Pluto will last just two hours . But it will collect a huge amount of data on Pluto and its moons , revealing unprecedented views - and with no other missions to Pluto in the pipeline , they will be our only images for a very , very long time . ` This is pure exploration ; we 're going to turn points of light into a planet and a system of moons before your eyes ! '' said Alan Stern , New Horizons principal investigator from the Southwest Research Institute -LRB- SwRI -RRB- in Boulder , Colorado . ` New Horizons is flying to Pluto - the biggest , brightest and most complex of the dwarf planets in the Kuiper Belt . ` This 21st century encounter is going to be an exploration bonanza unparalleled in anticipation since the storied missions of Voyager in the 1980s . ' Not since Voyager 2 -LRB- illustrated left -RRB- flew past Neptune -LRB- right -RRB- in 1989 and started taking pictures has such a reconnaissance mission been attempted . New Horizons ' mission represents the last of the worlds in the ` classical solar system ' to be explored - and will be our sole visitor to Pluto for many , many years . Scientists still know very little about Pluto -LRB- illustrated left -RRB- , its largest satellite Charon -LRB- right -RRB- and its other moons . Pluto , the largest known body in the Kuiper Belt , is thought to have a nitrogen atmosphere and complex seasons . On its surface , it seems to have distinct surface markings , and it may have ice as well . Pluto 's smaller moons also are likely to present scientific opportunities . When the New Horizons mission was first devised in 2001 , it was a mission to just Pluto and Charon , before the four smaller moons were discovered . The spacecraft 's suite of seven science instruments - which includes cameras , spectrometers , and plasma and dust detectors - will map the geology of Pluto and Charon and map their surface compositions and temperatures . The spacecraft will also examine Pluto 's atmosphere , search for an atmosphere around Charon , study Pluto 's smaller satellites and look for rings and additional satellites around Pluto . Currently , even with New Horizons closer to Pluto than Earth is to the sun , the Pluto system resembles little more than bright dots in the distance . But teams operating the spacecraft are using these views to refine their knowledge of Pluto 's location , and skillfully navigate New Horizons toward a precise target point 7,750 miles -LRB- 12,500 kilometers -RRB- from Pluto 's surface . That targeting is critical , since the computer commands that will orient the spacecraft and point its science instruments are based on knowing the exact time and location that New Horizons passes Pluto . This image , taken by Nasa 's Hubble Space Telescope , shows five moons orbiting the distant , icy dwarf planet Pluto . Styx -LRB- initially designated P5 -RRB- , is the innermost of the moons found by Hubble over the past seven years . This image was taken with Hubble 's Wide Field Camera 3 on 7 July 2012 . ` Our team has worked hard to get to this point , and we know we have just one shot to make this work , ' said Alice Bowman , New Horizons mission operations manager at the Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory -LRB- APL -RRB- in Laurel , Maryland . ` We 've plotted out each step of the Pluto encounter , practiced it over and over , and we 're excited the `` real deal '' is finally here . ' The spacecraft 's work does n't end with the July flyby . Because it gets one shot at its target , New Horizons is designed to gather as much data as it can , as quickly as it can , taking about 100 times as much data on close approach as it can send home before flying away . And although the spacecraft will send select , high-priority datasets home in the days just before and after close approach , the mission will continue returning the data stored in onboard memory for a full 16 months . Beyond Pluto , Nasa is also planning to study one or two Kuiper Belt Objects -LRB- KBOs -RRB- with New Horizons in the years after its historic primary mission .