This is the moment when an angry woman forced an elderly man to kneel in the street after he accidentally knocked her phone out of her hand . The video , filmed at an undisclosed location in China , sees the woman demand that the man pays compensation for her damaged phone as she slaps him in the middle of a busy road . Despite the elderly man promising to pay her back once he has the means to do so , she continues to berate him in front of witnesses , the People 's Daily Online reports . Scroll down for video . Street attack : The shocking video was filmed after the elderly man knocked the woman 's phone out of her hand , causing the screen to break . The shocking exchange was filmed by a witness and it had since gone viral on Chinese social media . The woman had allegedly been taking pictures of her children with her new iPhone 6 plus when the old man passed through on his moped . He accidentally bumped into the woman 's shoulder and her phone fell on the ground , and the screen cracked , the newspaper reports . The woman demanded the old man to compensate for repairing her phone , which he promised to do , but adding that it would have to wait as he did not have the money there and then . ` The old man 's voice was trembling and he had tears in his eyes , ' a witnesses said , describing how the woman called four friends to the scene . Abuse : After being told that the man does not have the money to pay her back straight away , she is seen slapping him twice in the street . In the clip , the woman can be heard demanding that he pays her on the spot , despite his assurance that she will be compensated eventually . ` The young woman 's friends hit the old man 's hat constantly and discussed whether they should really hit him , ' the witness said . After a long verbal argument between the young woman and the old man , she is said to have demanded : ` Kneel down for apology , then I will forget the money ! ' The old man allegedly came off his moped , falling over as he kneeled down . ` His disability became apparent to the crowd but the young woman 's action became more infuriating , ' a witness said . ` The young lady just stood in front of the old man and slapped him twice . ' In the clip , the woman can be heard demanding that he pays her on the spot , despite his assurance that she will be compensated eventually . Although no one called the police , the authority has investigated further after the clip went online . A user , posting under the username ` The girl who sells tea eggs ' , wrote : It was the old man 's fault that he bumped into the young woman but this is definitely not a reason to slap someone . ` The old man has to pay a compensation for sure but they could have called the police to settle the matter . If you stand in the old man 's shoes , you would be very angry as well . How can one compare the value of a phone and the old man 's dignity ? How can people be so cold-hearted ? The young woman has been called to report at the police station .