A Wisconsin judge denied a request Friday to move a 12-year-old girl , accused of stabbing a classmate to please the horror character Slender Man , to a psychiatric treatment center . Morgan Geyser , along with her friend Anissa Weier , 13 , are being tried as adults for attempted first-degree intentional homicide in the attack on Payton Leutner , who survived 19 stab wounds in Waukesha in May 2014 . Geyser 's attorney , Anthony Cotton , applied to have her $ 500,000 bail reduced so that she could get out of jail and seek treatment for schizophrenia and other psychotic disorders . However the Waukesha County circuit judge said Geyser was a flight risk , and even though she is young , she was capable of plotting a sophisticated plan to murder someone . Scroll down for video . In need of treatment : Morgan Geyser , 12 , has been remanded on $ 500,000 for attempted murder charges . Her lawyer 's motion to have the bail reduced so that she could move to a mental hospital was denied Friday . Charged : Morgan Geyser is seen here in a Wisconsin court room in June 2014 as she was arraigned for the attempted murder of Payton Leutner . Geyser 's attorney 's now say she is schizophrenic . Cotton said his client has no way to get anywhere and that any allegations of violence have been limited to the stabbing and are connected to her mental illness . ` She has no transport , no car , no friends , no money , ' he said . ` She 's not any sort of flight risk . ' The judge did , however , say that Geyser 's long term placement in an appropriate facility should be considered , but no hearing or action was set for that . Cotton said his client 's parents were sad at the outcome of the hearing and that he would look for a more secure mental health facility for his client . Cotton 's client has a hearing in June to determine if her case should be moved to juvenile court , where Cotton said there is more funding available for mental treatment . A similar hearing for Anissa Weier is set for next month . Eerie This is one of Morgan Geyser 's sketches . The frightening picture is of a girl , who appears to be cat-like and armed with a scythe , standing over a dead girl while saying ` I love killing people ' Satanic symbols : Geyser 's dolls , displayed in court in Waukesha in February , were marked with cuts and had Slender Man and Satanic symbols on them . Strange embrace : The Slender Man character is known for stalking and abducting children and became popular after fans of the creation did their own drawings of him . State of mind : This sketch will be used by the defense to claim that their client was and is mentally unfit and should stand trial as an adult for murder . Wisconsin law requires anyone accused of certain serious crimes to be charged as adults if they are 10 or older . According to a criminal complaint , the girls plotted for months before they lured Payton , their former friend , into some woods after a sleepover in May 2014 and attacked her . They told investigators they hoped it would please Slender Man , a fictional online ghoul they had read about in horror stories . During a preliminary hearing in February , a notebook in which Geyser would draw disturbing pictures and messages , was presented to the court . One of the grotesque cartoons depicts a young cat-like girl armed with a scythe standing over a dead girl with a speech bubble that says , ` I love killing people ' . Other writings and cartoons profess her admiration and devotion to the Slender Man urban myth . The sketchings will be a central part of the defense team 's claim that Geyser is mentally unfit to stand trial as an adult . If the two girls are tried as adults and found guilty they will face up to 60 years in prison . Consequences : If convicted , Geyser -LRB- left -RRB- and Weier -LRB- right -RRB- could face up to 65 years in prison . But if tried in juvenile court , they would not be held past age 25 . Victim : Peyton Leutner was able to drag herself out from the woods where she was stabbed 19 times and has since recovered . Emergency responders said it was a miracle she survived . Decision : Circuit Judge Michael Bohren ruled Friday that Geyser is a flight risk and should remain in jail . Along with the sketches , the court was also presented with the mutilated body of one of Geyser 's Barbie dolls , which had its hair and limbs cut and what appeared to be satanic markings drawn onto the torso . In addition to that was a list of ` supplies necessary ' which included a ` map of forest ' and ` weapons -LRB- kitchen knife -RRB- . ' Neither of the suspects has entered a plea as the attorneys attempt to get the charges changed . The two girls ' attorneys have never denied they attacked and stabbed Leutner , but claim they were so disturbed they truly believed the Slender Man - a popular online urban myth - would kill their own families in three seconds if they did not do his bidding . Psychologist Deborah Collins testified that she has interviewed the Geyser several times and concluded she honestly believes Slender Man exists . ' -LRB- Her belief -RRB- has n't wavered and it 's been unyielding to a rational perspective , ' Collins testified . Collins also testified that the girl told her she uses Vulcan mind control to keep negative emotions at bay and believes Harry Potter villain Lord Voldemort visits her when he 's not away on business trips . Mentally ill : A court-appointed psychologist testified in August that Geyser , who told police she stabbed the victim more than a dozen times , heard voices and believed she could communicate with Slender Man and other fictional characters , especially ones from Harry Potter . In December , Anissa Weier was cleared for trial . A psychiatrist testified that she understood her charges and was mentally competent . According to court documents , the girls told detectives they had been planning to kill Peyton Leutner for months . They are accused of luring her to a park in the Milwaukee suburb of Waukesha on May 31 and stabbing her 19 times . Leutner barely survived ; one stab wound just missed her heart . The alleged attackers were found walking toward the Nicolet National Forest , where they say they thought they would join Slender Man . All three girls were 12 years old at the time of the incident . The Slender Man is a fictional character prevalent on the internet after originating as a meme in 2009 . Unnerving : The Slender Man with one of his chosen victims as depicted in a popular online meme . The mythical creature is often depicted as an unnaturally tall , thin figure with a blank , featureless face , wearing a black suit . The character is said to have long , tentacle-like arms , which can be extended to capture prey . It is said to stalk , abduct and traumatize children and , depending on interpretations of the myth , can cause memory loss , insomnia and paranoia . It is also said to be able to create distortions in photographs and teleport . It is understood to have originated in a Photoshop contest on the Something Awful Forums in 2009 . It then went viral with numerous works of fan art and short scary stories published online known as ` creepypasta ' . The character has developed its own life online , with two feature-length films funded in part by Kickstarter appearing in 2012 . The meme that appears most is that of a tall malevolent figure , who silently stalks down his prey . Over the past six or so years , the Slender Man meme has mutated liked all good scary stories into one that haunts the minds of those who become obsessed with it .