Most couples will admit to assisting each other with the odd bit of behind-closed-doors grooming , but it usually goes as far as squeezing a hard-to-reach pimple . But Sharon and Mike Tierney have taken their mutual upkeep to a whole new level , believing that ` the couple that waxes together , stays together . ' The Sydney-based duo set aside an evening once a month to tend to all their beauty maintenance needs . Sharon , 45 , trims her 40-year-old husband 's eyebrows , wax his nostrils and even grooms his pubic hair . Scroll down for video . High maintenance : Sydney couple Mike and Sharon Tierney set aside one evening per month for mutual grooming . You wax my back , I 'll wax yours : Sharon trims her husband 's eyebrows , waxes his nostrils and trims his pubic hairs , while he returns the favours with waxing , spray tans and eyelash tints . For his part , Mike has been well trained in the art of waxing , and waxes her underarms , legs , upper lip and chin , and can even perform a Brazilian wax . The British ex-pat can also tint eyelashes and give Sharon a spray tan . Sharon admits while some women are horrified about their man seeing their lady parts in all their hairy glory , she says there 's no limitations to their marriage . ` He 's seen everything , there 's nothing I would n't not let him see , ' she told Daily Mail Australia . Being a well-groomed gentleman can be a dangerous undertaking though . Regime : While most couples may admit to assisting each other with squeezing the odd hard-to-reach pimple , but Sharon and Mike take it to a whole new level . Close cut : One hair incident involved Sharon attempting to give her husband a ` number one ' , and ended up cutting his scrotum . ` He says it 's for neatness , ' Sharon said of her husband 's preference for a ` number one ' in the pubic region , ` but I think it 's to gain that precious `` optical inch '' . ' One evening during their usual pluck , wax and clipping session , things got a little bit hairy . ` I thought we should stretch the optical illusion to its limits , so I removed the clipper guard to get the closest possible trim . We were coasting along brilliantly until we hit the scrotum and its soft , sagging , sensitive skin , ' she said . The worst happened , and a poor , screaming Mike was left with a bleeding cut in the most sensitive of body parts . ` I was just trying to make his penis look bigger , ' said Sharon . ` Not that it 's not big , but that 's what men want is n't it ? '' ' The trimmed twosome began their mutual grooming regime together 13 years ago . The couple met in London at a Pop Idol party when Sharon was on a holiday to the UK . Their fling turned into a relationship , with Sharon moving to London . During her time their , she struggled to find a decent waxing therapist . Upon returning to Australia , Sharon spent six months training in beauty therapy to open her own salon , and turned to her husband to play guinea pig . Guinea pig : Mike was enlisted when Sharon was training to become a professional waxer and needed someone to practise on . Mike was enlisted to step in when she was training up her junior therapists . ` One of the girls said her boyfriend could do it but they broke up two days before and we needed a model and I told Mike we were desperate - and he agreed , Sharon told Daily Mail Australia . ` God love him , there he was butt naked in front of my blonde , 20 year old staff , he would do anything to support me . ' In business : After struggling to find a decent wax while living in London , Sharon trained and opened her own salon upon returning to Australia . ` He 's a good sport and just goes along with it - which is nice because he 's English and very conservative - it shows he will do anything for me . ' ` I get Mike to use a bit of both types of wax . Usually strip wax on your labia is too sensitive , so I use it around the edges and use a hot wax on intimate areas , such as Veet Naturals Warm Wax . ' While the sliced scrotum was n't severe enough to land Mike in the hospital , an ill-timed bout of appendicitis did spell embarrassment for the Englishman . ` It was only an hour after getting waxed he was rushed to hospital with emergency appendicitis , ' said Sharon . ` A young female doctor said , `` I 'm really sorry we have to check your testicles , '' and he was so embarrassed . From London to Oz : The couple met in the UK when Australian Sharon was there on holiday 13 years ago . Metro man : From clipping and trimming to waxing and tinting , men are more open to beauty maintenance than ever . ` She asked what I did for a living and I said - `` you 're about to find out ! '' She was in fits of laughter when I told her and poor Mike had all these doctors checking out his freshly waxed scrotum . ' ` But in the end because all the hospital staff knew , everyone ended up taking brochures and we got a heap of new clients , so it turned it into a positive thing . Not to mention he quite enjoyed all the nurses saying `` oh you 're the one with the Brazilian . '' ' As for their ventures ` down under ' together , Sharon has now written a tell-all book to give women guidance on what 's normal down there and a expose on their hilarious adventures together , aptly titled ` The Vagina Buffet . ' ` I think when you put your hand on someone 's vagina it 's like they get verbal diarrhoea , they want to get comfortable with you and tell you everything , it 's unbelievable how much I 've learned about people and the vagina . '