ISIS militants besieging a Palestinian refugee camp in Syria 's capital have savagely beheaded the leaders of a Hamas-linked group opposed to President Bashar Assad , it has been claimed . Having seized control of up to 90 per cent of the Yarmouk camp in south Damascus , the jihadis posted gruesome images showing the severed heads of two alleged members of Aknaf Beit al-Maqdis online . Like ISIS , the Palestinian group has declared Israel its sworn enemy , although its presence in Yarmouk has until now been to defend the camp 's 18,000 residents from a crippling two year siege carried out by the Assad regime . ISIS ' decision to publicly execute the men - as well as reports of the deaths of dozens more Palestinians during clashes inside Yarmouk - has prompted outrage in Gaza , where hundreds of furious Hamas supporters swore bloody revenge on the terror group during a march yesterday . Scroll down for video . Savages : ISIS militants -LRB- pictured -RRB- stormed the Yarmouk camp in south Damascus last Wednesday . 100 civilians were either killed or kidnapped by the jihadis in the subsequent days . Killers : Islamic State militants are seen storming the Yarmouk camp in Damascus last week . Hundreds of residents of the Yarmouk camp fled yesterday amid shelling by government forces and clashes between ISIS fighters and Palestinian militants , activists said . An activist based in an area just south of Damascus , Hatem al-Dimashqi , said many residents started fleeing the camp after midnight as the fighting let up . The camp has been subjected to intense shelling and airstrikes by government warplanes allegedly carrying barrel bombs . This morning activists said shelling and sporadic clashes are striking the Palestinian refugee camp in the Syrian capital , a situation a U.N. official describes as ` beyond inhumane . ' Hatem al-Dimashqi , an activist based in an area just south of Damascus , said the Yarmouk camp witnessed sporadic clashes and shelling earlier today . The UK-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and al-Dimashqi said the refugees who have fled the camp have reached the southern Damascus suburbs of Yalda , Babila and Beit Sahem , which are under the control of anti-Assad rebels . Al-Dimashqi and Syrian state TV said as many as 2,000 people have left the camp . The activist said that many of those who fled the camp are staying in schools or abandoned homes . Roaming the streets : ISIS stormed the camp last Wednesday , marking the terrorist 's deepest foray yet into Damascus - the Syrian capital and base of President Assad 's government . Power : Palestinian officials and Syrian activists said ISIS have been working with rivals from the Al Qaeda affiliate in Syria , Nusra Front and have taken control of up to 90 per cent of Yarmouk . Chris Gunness , a spokesman for the U.N. agency that supports Palestinian refugees known as UNRWA , last night said that the agency has not been able to send any food nor any convoys into the camp since the current round of fighting started . ` That means that there is no food , there is no water and there is very little medicine , ' he added . ISIS stormed the camp on Wednesday , marking the terrorist 's deepest foray yet into Damascus - the Syrian capital and base of President Assad 's government . Palestinian officials and Syrian activists said ISIS have been working with rivals from the Al Qaeda affiliate in Syria , Nusra Front . The two groups have fought bloody battles against each other in other parts of Syria , but appear to be cooperating in the attack on Yarmouk . The Nusra Front said in a statement yesterday that it is not participating in the battles and is taking a neutral stance . The statement added that Nusra opened its offices and welcomed all those who do n't want to take part in the fighting and gave them refuge . Conflict zone : Hatem al-Dimashqi , an activist based in an area just south of Damascus , said the Yarmouk camp -LRB- pictured -RRB- witnessed sporadic clashes and shelling earlier today . The UN says around 18,000 civilians , including a large number of children , are trapped in Yarmouk -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Speaking of Hamas-linked groups ' clashes with ISIS in the camp , Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas said that residents of Yarmouk have been victimized by Syria 's civil war . Government forces and different rebel factions are clashing and ` we pay the price , ' he said . He added that the Palestine Liberation Organization in Damascus has formed a ` cell to handle this tragedy and they are trying to work it out with the least losses . ' Abbas said : ` We are in touch with our brothers there to find a way out and protect our people . ' The Observatory said the fighting has killed 26 people since the clashes first broke out . In Gaza , several hundred supporters of the ruling Hamas group staged a march in the Jebaliya refugee camp late last night to protest ISIS ' takeover of parts of Yarmouk . ` Palestinian blood is not cheap , ' Mohammed Abu Askar , a local Hamas leader , told the crowd , threatening revenge for the Islamic State incursion into Yarmouk . In Damascus , Anwar Raja , the spokesman for Damsascus-based Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine - General Command , which supports embattled Syrian President Bashar Assad , said several pro-Assad factions have united to defend the camp . He said more than 100 civilians have been either killed or kidnapped by the ISIS fighters whom he said now control about half the camp , adding that the priority now is to evacuate civilians . Anger : Palestinians shout slogans as they hold banners during a gathering in solidarity with the Palestinians living and dying in Syria 's Yarmouk camp over the weekend . Taking to the streets : In Gaza , several hundred supporters of the ruling Hamas group staged a march in the Jebaliya refugee camp late last night to protest ISIS ' takeover of parts of Yarmouk . Placards : Speaking of Hamas-linked groups ' clashes with ISIS in the camp , Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas said that residents of Yarmouk have been victimized by Syria 's civil war . The UN says around 18,000 civilians , including a large number of children , are trapped in Yarmouk . The camp has been under government siege for nearly two years , leading to starvation and illnesses caused by lack of medical aid . The camp has also witnessed several rounds of ferocious and deadly fighting between government forces and militants . Most of the camp 's estimated 160,000 inhabitants fled in late 2012 as clashes erupted between pro- and anti-Assad Palestinian gunmen . The majority of those who left fled to overcrowded and destitute Palestinian refugee camps in neighboring Lebanon . Only the poorest remained behind . Yesterday Lebanon 's state-run National News Agency said six Lebanese truck drivers who were held by militants after they captured the Nasib border crossing point with Jordan have returned safely to Lebanon . The agency reported on Friday that 10 drivers were held by militants . The fate of the four others remains unknown .