The families of five Chinese feminists detained by police for more than a month facing charges of ` picking quarrels and provoking trouble ' have issued a plea to authorities for their release . The female activists were arrested the weekend before International Women 's Day , as they were preparing to hand out leaflets about sexual harassment on public transport . The five women - Li Tingting , 25 , Wei Tingting , 26 , Wang Man , 32 , Zheng Churan , 25 , and Wu Rongrong , 30 - have been linked to several stunts over the last few years which aim to highlight issues such as domestic violence and the poor provision of women 's toilets in China . The Chinese feminist activists -LRB- all pictured -RRB- have been detained by police for more than a month and face being jailed for up to five years if they are charged with ` picking quarrels and provoking trouble ' They now face being jailed for up to five years if they are charged . Prosecutors will announce later today whether the women should be formally arrested , released or have their cases sent back to the police , their lawyers said . The vague charge of ` provoking trouble ' has been increasingly used by Chinese police under President Xi Jinping to detain and jail protesters from holding small-scale demonstrations . The activists were described as ` young , kind-hearted , and full of a sense of responsibility to society , ' ten of their parents and spouses wrote in a letter to Beijing prosecutors which was posted online on Saturday . ` These five girls , who we care for and love deeply , have not made a mistake , let alone committed a crime , ' they said , adding ` they have all striven to uphold our nation 's basic policy of gender equality ' . Activist Li Tingting , 25 , -LRB- pictured -RRB- poses with letters protesting about the poor provision of female toilets - she and others have since been arrested . ` Supporting gender equality and the interests of women is no crime ! ' Their detention on March 8 has prompted renewed condemnation of China 's tight controls on political activists from human rights groups as well as the US . Police interrogations of the women - several of whom suffer from chronic health problems such as asthma and an unspecified heart condition - have focused on a 2012 stunt named ` Occupy Men 's Rooms ' , one of their lawyers , Liang Xiaojun , told AFP on Sunday . Prosecutors have until Monday to formally approve their arrest or police will be obliged to release the women , he added . The parents said in their letter that the women ` have been detained for over a month and we have not had a decent explanation ' . ` Please restore their freedom and dignity as soon as possible ! ' they added . Meanwhile China has lodged a formal protest with Washington after U.S. Vice President Joe Biden and Secretary of State John Kerry called for the release of the activists , the foreign ministry said on Monday . The tussle over the activists could further strain ties between China and the United States , which frequently grapple over everything the value of the yuan currency to China 's growing military assertiveness . Biden tweeted on Saturday that China should release them , saying , ` We urge Chinese leaders to show respect for women 's rights , ' and adding , ` Rights of women and girls should never be suppressed . ' Activtsts Wei Tingting , 26 , -LRB- left -RRB- Wang Man , 32 , -LRB- right -RRB- face charges of ` picking quarrels and provoking trouble ' In a statement on Friday , Kerry said the U.S. government backed the efforts of the activists , saying , ` We believe that Chinese authorities should also support them , not silence them . ' China has lodged ` representations ' with the United States over the comments , Foreign Ministry spokesman Hong Lei said . ` We urge the United States to respect China 's judicial sovereignty and not use any pretext to interfere in China 's internal affairs , ' he told a daily news briefing . ` China is a country of rule of law , ' Hong added . ` China 's legal authorities will handle this case in accordance with the law . ' Hillary Clinton , the Democrats ' 2016 presidential front-runner , annoyed Beijing last week with similar calls to free the women . Britain and the European Union have also expressed concern about the case . President Xi Jinping 's administration has detained hundreds of activists in the past two years , in what some rights groups say is the worst suppression of human rights in two decades . Activists say the women 's cases have become a measure of Beijing 's resolve in crushing all forms of civil society . Zheng Churan , 25 , -LRB- left -RRB- and Wu Rongrong , 30 -LRB- right -RRB- face being jailed for up to five years if they are charged .