Tottenham will subsidise Emmanuel Adebayor 's £ 100,000-per-week wages to finally get rid of the striker this summer . The Togolese striker is out of favour at White Hart Lane , with both the player and manager Mauricio Pochettino happy for the hitman to leave once the transfer window re-opens . But Adebayor 's wages will prove a key factor this summer , with the striker unwilling to take anything less than his current £ 5.2 million salary before accepting a move . Tottenham will subsidise Emmanuel Adebayor 's £ 100,000-per-week wages in order for him to leave the club . Adebayor -LRB- right -RRB- is out of favour under current Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino -LRB- centre -RRB- . However , Spurs are now willing to pay a percentage of Adebayor 's wages next season in an attempt to ensure he leaves . Chairman Daniel Levy has shown a reluctance to take such measures in the past , but is so keen to show Adebayor the door that he has now changed tact . Adebayor will enter the final 12 months of his deal this summer and will be made available for loan or a permanent move . A loan switch may suit the former Arsenal man knowing he could net a lucrative free transfer at the end of his Spurs deal in 2016 . The 31-year-old Togolese forward has made just nine league starts this season for Spurs . Adebayor is on the peripheries of Pochettino 's first-team plans and is unlikely to push himself to the forefront of the Argentine 's blueprint any time soon . The form of Harry Kane , coupled with off the field problems , has seen the striker make just nine league starts this season . Despite his problems on-the-pitch , the 31-year-old seems content with life off it as he took to Instagram on Wednesday afternoon . Accompanied with the caption : ` SEA , my African roots made me what I am today . They are the reason I ` am here today . I owe the continent a lot . It felt amazing to be back home , ' the forward posted via the social media network a picture head-to-toe in African clothing stating his pride in his heritage .