Kim Jong-un has ordered the recreation of the famous ` pleasure troupe ' of young women that North Korean leaders have traditionally employed to entertain them . Kim disbanded the group of hand-picked teenagers shortly after the death of his father in the North Korean capital Pyongyang in December 2011 . But now that the country 's official three-year mourning period for Kim Jong-il has concluded , the eccentric autocrat has demanded his advisers find suitable new women for the role , as the previous members retired and were married off to military generals when they hit their early 20s . Scroll down for video . Ladies love Kim : Kim Jong-un has ordered the recreation of the famous ` pleasure troupe ' of young women to entertain him . Here he is mobbed by emotional women during an inspection of an all-female military unit . Mobbed : Kim Jong-un smiles as he walks alongside members of North Korea 's women 's national soccer team . Happily married : Kim Jong-un is photographed with his wife Ri Sol-ju in Pyongyang in July 2012 . News that Kim Jong-un is re-establishing the so-called ` pleasure troupe ' was reported by South Korea 's Chosun Ilbo . The tradition was established by the dictator 's grandfather Kim Il-sung - who is considered the founder of North Korea and still holds the title of Eternal President despite dying in 1994 . North Korean officials have traditionally scoured the countryside for pretty teenagers , sometimes as young as 13-years-old , who are then taken to Pyongyang to work as dancers , singers or servants for the country 's leaders . Often the most attractive girls are forcibly married off to powerful military generals as a way of rewarding the men for their all-important loyalty to the regime . As part of the handover of power following the death of Kim Il-sung in 2011 , the entire troop was dismantled and sent off to marry members of the North Korean establishment . But now that three years have passed it is thought acceptable for Kim to restart the tradition by finding his own girls . Inspection : Kim Jong-un is photographed at a machine plant yesterday in images released by state media . Giving orders : Kim Jong-Un inspects a machine plant at an undisclosed location in North Korea yesterday . Kim Il-sung 's personal ` pleasure troupe ' were given $ 4,000 pay-offs upon his death as a reward for their service to the regime , according to the Telegraph . As teenagers most were simply taken out of school and moved from their hometowns without the consent of their parents , who were no doubt terrified at what could happen to them if they resisted . The girls reportedly lived in the senior officials ' houses and were traditionally allowed to marry their employers and ` retire ' from service by the time they reached their early 20s . The three-year absence of the ` pleasure troupe ' was due to a complete overhaul of the North Korean establishment by Kim Jong-un following his father 's death . The dictator moved swiftly to remove the most powerful figures from his father 's regime - having many of them executed - and replaced them with his own group of spineless bureaucrats .