A convicted fraudster stole £ 17,000 from the City firm where she worked after she started embezzling money on her second day in the job . Gabrielle Yinka Saunders , 32 , used company credit cards to pay for her £ 10,000 wedding , as well as a £ 5,000 honeymoon in the Seychelles . She was arrested at Heathrow when she returned from the honeymoon - but now she has been spared jail even though a court heard that she had been convicted of fraud twice previously . Just married : But Gabrielle Yinka Saunders , pictured during her wedding to David Osborne , stole £ 17,000 to pay for the ceremony and her luxury honeymoon . Fraud : Saunders , pictured outside the Old Bailey , admitted cheating her company out of thousands of pounds . Saunders , also known as Gabriella Osborne since getting married at Belair House in Dulwich last September , stole £ 35,000 from her previous employer PriceWaterhouseCoopers , where she worked as a tax accountant . After serving a jail sentence , she started a £ 40,000-a-year job as a personal assistant at Insight Investments in June last year . But she proceeded to embezzle a total of £ 17,000 using her colleagues ' credit cards - including £ 600 for flowers , £ 270 on a new watch , £ 210 on a new outfit and £ 400 for a mobile phone . The Old Bailey heard Saunders came to the UK from Nigeria and graduated from Southampton University with a law degree in 2004 , before starting work at PwC . While working at the multinational firm , Saunders forged taxi receipts to destinations across the country at up to £ 250 a time , then signed them off by faking a colleague 's signature . Couple : Saunders was convicted of fraud twice before her latest offence . Free : Saunders , pictured with her husband in an engagement photo , was spared jail . Celebration : But Saunders was arrested at Heathrow when the couple returned from their honeymoon . In 2007 she was jailed for six months for fraud , and in 2011 she was again convicted of fraud but spared jail after a court heard she had stolen money from neighbour using credit cards . The day after Saunders started working at Insight Investments in June , she charged £ 5,272 to a colleague 's credit card in order to pay travel agent Trailfinders for her luxury honeymoon with husband David Osborne . Mugshot : Saunders pictured after she was jailed for a £ 35,000 fraud in 2007 . In September she used another colleague 's card to pay £ 10,254 to Belair House , £ 268.20 to the jeweller Andrew Charles , £ 597 to PESH flowers , £ 208.44 to fashion store ASOS and £ 390 to EE T-mobile . Prosecutor Roger Daniells-Smith said : ` She paid for a prestige wedding venue , she paid for the flowers , she paid for her honeymoon outfit and clothing . ` She paid for phone calls to make these arrangements and she paid for the gift of a watch . She paid for the honeymoon which was a first-class trip to Dubai and then on to the Seychelles . ` They were arrested at Heathrow when they returned to the UK and she made no comment in interview , but it was clear from the evidence that she was solely responsible for these frauds . ' Saunders , from Camberwell in south London , admitted seven counts of fraud totalling £ 16,990 , and was sentenced to 15 months ' imprisonment suspended for two years , with 200 hours of unpaid work . Judge Stephen Gullick decided against jailing her after he was told that she had repaid the money and was retraining as a teacher . He said : ` You have a singularly unimpressive record and you have already served a prison sentence some time ago . Pricey : Saunders spent £ 10,000 of her firm 's money to book Belair House for her wedding reception . Honeymoon : She also stole £ 5,000 to pay for a luxury post-wedding break in the Seychelles . ` You did not disclose your previous dishonesty to your employers , who were prepared to take you on as an administrative assistant on a good salary . ` The fact is within days you were prepared to take advantage . You effectively defrauded others to the tune of £ 17,000 , all of which has been paid back . That money was used to finance your wedding and the subsequent honeymoon . ` You have now started working in a completely different environment . I hope they will never place you in a position of trust with anything to do with money . ` These were serious offences but it appears you are turning your life around . If you continue to commit offences of dishonest of this nature you will eventually receive a very long sentence of imprisonment indeed . '