Testimony got under way Tuesday in the murder trial of a 24-year-old Kentucky woman who is accused of fatally shooting her lawyer boyfriend in the face in 2012 . Shayna Hubers has been charged with murder in the October 12 , 2012 , of 29-year-old Ryan Poston inside his condominium in Highland Heights , Ohio . Hubers , who was 21 at the time , claimed she was acting in self-defense because the young attorney was shoving and hitting her , but during an interview with police she was quoted as telling a detective she gave Posten ` the nose job he wanted . ' Gun-toting girlfriend : Shayna Hubers -LRB- left -RRB- , 24 , is on trial in the 2012 shooting death of her lawyer boyfriend , 29-year-old Ryan Poston . Crime scene : Police say Hubers shot Poston six times inside his Highland Heights , Ohio , condominium . On the first day of testimony Tuesday , jurors were shown a video of the defendant 's interview with police following the slaying . ` He was screaming at me at the top of his lungs after he had thrown me around the room , ' the woman told a detective sitting across from her , reported Cincinnati.com . ` I shot him enough times to kill him , ' she said , ` so that he would n't suffer ... He was laying there , twitching and making noises , and I shot him in the head . ` I was watching him die . it was painful to watch him die and to know that I had done that , ' reported WCPO . Hubers then described her late boyfriend of one year as ` vain ' about his looks . ` I shot him right here , ' she said in the video as she pointed to her nose . ` I gave him his nose job he wanted . ' Gallows humor : Jurors were shown a videotaped police interview with Hubers , in which the woman , then 21 , said Poston was ` vain ' and she gave him the ` nose job he wanted ' by shooting him in the face . Troubled : Poston 's family described his relationship with Hubers , left , as tumultuous and said that the 29-year-old was trying to end it . Prosecutors argued that the woman intentionally shot the attorney six times across a table , including once in the face , after Poston tried to end their relationship . Hubers ' attorneys have maintained that their client shot Poston to protect herself . During questioning , Hubers explained to detectives that she went to Poston 's home ` with the best intentions ' not to kill him , but to convince him to work out their differences and mend their relationship . But when she arrived , Poston allegedly ` resorted to violence . ' The woman said the lawyer made fun of her speaking voice , insulted her family , and physically assaulted her by pushing and dragging her around . She detailed how the 29-year-old victim allegedly pushed her down against the arm of the couch and threw her against furniture in the moments before the first shot rang out . ` He said , `` You 're just a hillbilly from Kentucky . '' And I am . I guess the hillbilly came out in me , and I took up for myself , ' she told police in the recording played in court . Hubers ' trial is expected to last two weeks . She is being held in jail on $ 1.5 million bond . Woman scorned : Hubers told police how Ryan Poston allegedly pushed and shoved her , insulted her family and mocked her for being a ` hillbilly from Kentucky . ' She said : ` I guess the hillbilly came out in me , and I took up for myself ' Ryan Poston graduated from Salmon P. Chase College of Law , Northern Kentucky University in 2008 , following in the footsteps of his grandfather and uncle . In May 2012 , he started his own law practice specializing in personal injury cases in downtown Cincinnati , Ohio . His family and friends have described him as a bright and hard-working young lawyer who had a promising future ahead of him . He is survived by his parents and three sisters . Hubers graduated from Lexington 's Paul Laurence Dunbar High School in 2009 . In the fall of 2010 , she made the Dean 's List at the University of Kentucky as a sophomore psychology major . Zevely said she is close with her parents , and her mother spent the day with her in Northern Kentucky prior to the shooting .