Dark tourism is on the rise , with perhaps the best example of such a phenomenon being the ever-increasing interest in Chernobyl as a holiday destination . April 26 , 2016 marks the 30th anniversary of the explosion , which was one of the worst nuclear accidents that the world has ever seen . In recent years , visits to the nuclear explosion site have increased exponentially , with Kiev-based tour company , SoloEast , estimating that it takes approximately 10,000 tourists there each year . Scroll down for video . In recent years , the Chernobyl nuclear explosion site , and nearby ghost town of Pripyat , Ukraine , have seen an increase in tourist interest . In 1986 , Reactor 4 in the Chernobyl power plant exploded , sending radioactive particles into the air above the city of Pripyat , north of Kiev . At the time , the area was part of the former Soviet Union , but is now Ukraine . The Exclusion Zone , a nearly 50kilometre -LRB- 31-mile -RRB- radius of contamination , runs around the power plant , although levels have now returned to those which are safe for brief visits to the area . However , such visitations are highly regulated and permitted only as part of an organised private tour . However , visits to the 50-kilometre Exclusion Zone , a contamination radius guarded by security , are highly regulated . Several private tour companies offer packages to the Exclusion Zone , which in some cases even include overnight stays . Guests must provide documentation at several check points upon reaching the site via tour bus . Once there , visitors are banned from touching anything , eating or drinking any food or beverage that does not come from outside the zone , and are even warned against sitting on the ground . Needless to say , all discarded objects and property littered in and around the abandoned city must also remain . And exiting is likewise highly regulated , with several body scanners checking for high levels of radiation . Once inside , visitors are banned from touching any objects or digesting any food that does not come from outside the zone . However , day trips - and even overnight stays - are permitted , now that radiation levels have decreased in the years since the disaster , despite still being up to 10 times higher than normal levels . While the city of Pripyat , which was located just 3 km away from the reactor , remains empty to this day , some people do live in the nearby town of Chernobyl , which is about 15 km from the site . In fact , there 's even an InterInform Agency Hotel in the zone , which caters to travellers interested in spending even more time in the area . And in the nearby village of Orane , SoloEast Travel offers accommodations for their overnight tours at the Countryside Cottage Chernobyl Hotel , a Western style dwelling located just 5 km from the Dityatky check point . SoloEast Travel , a Kiev-based tour operator , offers multi-day trips that include overnight stays at a cottage about 50 km from the site . ` There are no new hotels inside the Exclusion Zone , ' SoloEast Travel director , Sergei Ivanchuk , tells MailOnline Travel . ` Although some old ones are cosmetically refurbished a bit . ` According to Ukrainian law , businesses , except ones that are necessary for the zone functioning , are not allowed to be there - there will be no new Radisson or Sheraton opening . ' Despite the ban on all non-essential workers from living in the zone , wildlife in the area - including foxes - has been thriving . Dark tourism , a term first coined in 1996 at Glasgow Caledonian University , is defined as any visit to sites that are traditionally association with death and tragedy . However , it is hoped that the main draw is the historical value of such locations , and not their associations with suffering and destruction . While all non-essential workers may be banned from living in the zone - and those who do operate on a 15 days on , 15 days off schedule - wildlife in the area is thriving . Some scientists attribute the proliferation in animal , bird and plant life to the almost 100 per cent absence of humans . Indeed , in recent years , the area has experienced the reappearance of lynxes , great eagle owls and nesting swans , as well as increased number of deer , foxes and wolves . But some studies also claim that the radiation has caused biodiversity to decline and have had long-term health effects on animals in the zone , including the massive catfish that call the plant 's cooling pond home . Chernobyl is one of the world 's most famous ` dark tourism ' sites and is especially popular among photographers . The once affluent town was also home to a funfair , which , following the evacuation , has since been overgrown with weeds . The town of Pripyat and its ruins are favoured by photographers because of the Soviet aesthetic and surrounding area 's untouched nature . The Fukushima site , the scene of the worst nuclear disaster since Chernobyl , has also recently become a tourist attraction . Following the 2011 explosion , local Japanese tour guides have begun escorting buses of people through the area , given that contamination levels are said to be ` low . ' Guides say that they hope by educating tourists and sharing their experiences , people will be inspired to help rebuild the community . While there are a number of abandoned villages in and around the zone , most popular site to visit is the ghost town of Pripyat , which offers a breathtaking snapshot of a Soviet city circa the 1980s . The area is of particular interest to photographers , who love capturing the untouched scenery and the stark contrast between the thriving wildlife and the devastating ruins . A relatively affluent town prior to the explosion , Pripyat was home to a newly-built amusement park , blocks of apartment complexes , and even a movie theatre . The amusement park is the most photographed area , in particular the iconic derelict Ferris wheel and bumper cars . Despite government orders to leave , almost 200 people still live within the Exclusion Zone . These inhabitants are known as ` self-settlers , ' and according to many who have visited the region , it is customary for those who visit to bring them gifts or small donations . A private tour booking will cost anywhere between $ 100 -LRB- £ 67 -RRB- to $ 400 -LRB- £ 268 -RRB- , depending on the duration of your stay and amount of people . But in order for visitors to legally enter , they must be granted a pass , which is only possible to get through booking a private tour , which will cost anywhere between $ 100 -LRB- £ 67 -RRB- to $ 400 -LRB- £ 268 -RRB- , depending on the duration of your stay and the amount of people in your group . ` Last year , we ran 290 tours and served 1,980 visitors , ' Ivanchuk adds . ` In 2014 , there were 5,900 visitors to the zone in total - though usually there are at least 10,000 . ` Our one day tour is the most popular because it 's the most affordable , however there are more and more interest for two , three and four day tours . ` Many people who visit once with a group return to have an extended tour . '