Doctors at a scandal-hit hospital covered up a series of horrendous mistakes that led to the death of a twin baby boy , a coroner has ruled . Thor Dalhaug died an hour after birth following a difficult delivery during which he suffered fatal brain damage due to a doctor 's errors , ruled Stuart Fisher , senior coroner for Central Lincolnshire . In a damning report , he said an unsupervised junior surgeon tried to deliver the baby using forceps in an ` unorthodox and unacceptable ' way . The coroner also concluded that senior managers at Lincoln County Hospital had tried to remove the fact that forceps had been used from an account of the birth . Doctors at the Lincoln County Hospital covered up a series of horrendous mistakes that led to the death of a twin baby boy -LRB- pictured above with his mother Michelle -RRB- , a coroner has ruled . The report will come as a blow to the hospital , which has just been taken out of ` special measures ' . United Lincolnshire Hospitals NHS Trust was put on a turnaround regime almost two years ago because of concerns over high death rates . It is meant to have made a host of improvements . But Thor 's parents said the report revealed that staff had behaved ` appallingly ' over their son 's death in September 2013 . Rolf and Michelle Dalhaug were delighted when they found out they were expecting twins after seven years of trying for a baby . She was taken for a caesarean as doctors found Thor was distressed . But after the baby 's head became stuck , junior surgeon Dr Deniz Al-Hirmizy tried to free him with her hands , before resorting to forceps . The baby was born alive but limp . Doctors resuscitated him but he died an hour later . Mr Fisher ruled that Thor died of brain damage as a result of attempts to free the baby 's head . He also wrote that the ` use of forceps in these circumstances was unorthodox and unacceptable ' . While Dr Al-Hirmizy stated she had ` experience of caesareans ' , she claimed she had been ` unsupervised ' , wrote Mr Fisher . Surgeons ` neglected to make a full note of the circumstances ' , he found . ` In particular ' , he wrote , a doctor ` was advised to amend the caesarean pro forma , to include the fact that forceps were used ' . But this doctor was ` dissuaded from doing so by senior management as a result of concerns as to how this would be perceived ' . Mr Fisher ruled that Thor died of brain damage as a result of attempts to free the baby 's head during delivery at the hospital -LRB- above -RRB- . Mr Dalhaug , 39 , said : ` The Trust have acted appallingly , causing our family great hardship . We accept that accidents can , do and will happen . What we do not accept is their failure to be honest , their failure to learn and their failure to act . ' Dr Suneil Kapadia , the Trust 's medical director , apologised to the Dalhaug family and said it would pay them compensation . He went on to say that the Care Quality Commission had recently rated the hospital 's maternity services as good . But Suzanne White , a partner at law firm Leigh Day , said the family was looking at bringing a private prosecution . She added : ` Despite representing families at inquests for over 15 years , I am astonished by the circumstances surrounding baby Thor 's tragic death . '