A TV cameraman has been banned from the Aaron Hernandez murder trial after admitting he followed jurors at the end of a court session . Superior court Judge Susan Garsh punished Robert Cusanelli of WHDH-TV after two jurors told the court they were trailed by a van as they tried to get into their cars on Wednesday . ` He can not come into this building or be driving a WHDH vehicle for the purpose of doing reporting work on this case , ' Garsh said from the bench after Cusanelli testified under oath . Two jurors informed the court Thursday morning that they saw someone watching them in a Ford Explorer . One took a picture of its license plate . Two jurors from the Aaron Hernandez -LRB- pictured in court on Thursday -RRB- murder trial told the court they were followed by a TV van as they made their way home in Boston . Robert Cusanelli of Boston 's WHDH-TV was banned from the Bristol County courthouse and was told he was not allowed to drive a vehicle for the ` purpose of reporting this case ' Cusanelli acknowledged that he followed the jurors , saying he made the decision to do so on his own to find out where jurors were parking . He said he did n't talk to the jurors , did n't take their picture or write down their license plate numbers and at the time thought he was n't doing anything wrong . ` I see now that it was a mistake , ' he said . The van was allegedly behind the jury bus as it headed towards an off-site parking lot where the jurors are dropped off at the end of the day . After learning of the allegations , Garsh called the former New England Patriot player and his lawyers up to have a private discussion at the bench after they arrived in court on Thursday morning . According to WCVB , she said the incident could have resulted in mistrial . According to the Boston Globe , both the jurors are remaining on the panel . ` We 're at a stage of this case where it is obviously both vital and legally required that absolutely no juror be approached or questioned or followed in any fashion , ' Garsh said at the time . ` It is the court 's view that there have to be consequences for that . ' Superior Court Judge Susan Garsh has warned the TV station there could be repercussions following the incident that was reported in court on Thursday . The station was told to ` investigate ' the matter before reporting back to the court . The 12 jurors spent a combined nine hours deliberating on Tuesday and Wednesday . They continued deliberating after the judge questioned the jurors involved and spoke to the attorney but did not reach a verdict on Thursday . They will return on Friday as Hernandez awaits his fate . Hernandez is charged with the June 2013 shooting death of Odin Lloyd , who was dating his fiancée 's sister . Lloyd was shot six times in an industrial park less than a mile from Hernandez 's home . Jurors must deliberate every day from 9 am to 4:30 pm . , and may go later if they wish . On Wednesday they asked the judge for clarification on weapon and ammunition possession charges Hernandez faces . The judge brought the jury in Wednesday afternoon after receiving two questions about the possession charges . Hernandez is charged with illegally possessing a .45-caliber handgun and .22-caliber ammunition . The former New England Patriots player Aaron Hernandez speaks to defense attorney Charles Rankin in the courtroom of the Bristol County Superior Court House on April 8 , 2015 . The jury are now deliberating . Two friends of Hernandez , Ernest Wallace and Carlos Ortiz , are also charged with murder and will be tried separately . Prosecutors contend that the three men , in the early hours of June 17 , 2013 , picked Lloyd up at his home in Boston and drove him to the industrial park where his body was found riddled with bullets later that day . During the trial , which began in January and featured more than 130 witnesses , prosecutors showed video footage of Hernandez coming and going from his home around the time of Lloyd 's death . Investigators did not recover the gun that was used to shoot Lloyd , a .45-caliber Glock pistol . Hernandez faces a charge of murder and two firearms-related violations . If convicted of first-degree murder , he would be sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole . A second-degree murder conviction would lead to a life sentence with the possibility of parole after 15 years . Hernandez had been a rising star in the National Football League with a $ 41 million contract when he was arrested on June 26 , 2013 . The Patriots dropped him within hours .