As a spring breeze wafted into his trench French commander Georges Lamour saw something surreal drift his way - a yellow-green cloud . ` All my trenches are choked , ' he cried into the field telephone to headquarters . ` I am falling myself ! ' Chlorine gas -- carried by favourable winds over Flanders Fields from German positions -- had been used for the first time . It was April 22 , 1915 . Scroll down for video . Chlorine gas -- carried by favourable winds over Flanders Fields from German positions -- sowed terror and agony for the first time on April 22 , 1915 . Above , German Red Cross workers carry bottles of water to help revive troops . Lamour would never be heard from again - and World War I and warfare would never be the same . ` It is a new element in warfare . It is indiscriminate , ' said Piet Chielens , curator at the In Flanders Fields Museum in nearby Ypres . ` You create psychological terror . ' The chlorine seeped into body fluids and ate away at eyes , throat and lungs . Some 1,200 French soldiers were killed in the chaos of that first five-minute gas attack . ` You drown in your own lungs , ' Chielens added . On Tuesday the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons will hold a commemorative meeting close to the fields . A century ago German forces were gathering at army headquarters in Tielt , some 30 miles -LRB- 50 km -RRB- behind the front line , for a momentous discussion . Commanders had already been waiting 10 days for favourable winds , huddled in a patrician mansion lined with maps and dotted with landscape models . They were bent on breaking the stalemate of trench warfare and all options were open . On Tuesday the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons will hold a commemorative meeting close to the fields , pictured in December 2014 . Three World War I German soldiers stand and sit at their planning desks at an office in Tielt , Belgium . They were bent on breaking the stalemate of trench warfare and all options were open . Some soldiers , pictured in their office in Tielt , argued deploying more troops would achieve a bigger breakthrough than using gas . Fritz Haber , a chemical expert and future winner of the Nobel Prize in Chemistry , preached for more gas for more shock and awe . Some argued that deploying more troops would achieve a bigger breakthrough . Chief of General Staff Erich von Falkenhayn decided they would use the gas the next day or not at all . Across the line Lamour 's French forces said there was nothing to report . Had they been able to peer a bit further across no-man 's land they would have seen how German troops had dug in , under cover of night , more than 5,000 gas cylinders with tubes pointing their way . The next morning , German trenches were filled with soldiers ready to pounce once the gas had cleared . Gas masks in their containers are piled up -LRB- left -RRB- in Zillebeke , Belgium , as the director of the In Flanders Fields Museum Piet Chielens looks at postcards written by victims of the first gas attacks -LRB- right -RRB- . Historians estimate that more than 1million soldiers were exposed to gas . Above , graves of French soldiers in Zonnebeke , Belgium . The plan was to release the chlorine in the frosty morning hours , when it would cling best to the surface and give soldiers a full day to advance . A windless morning came and went . The breeze only picked up in the afternoon - and at 5 pm the gas cylinders were opened with devastating effect . Once the gas cleared , the soldiers jumped out and made more progress than they had in months . Men , horses , rats , even insects lay dead or choking before them . ` The effect of that gas was enormous , ' said historian Ann Callens . ` Even the German troops and certainly the German generals were completely astonished . ' But after April 22 , the surprise factor evaporated and the stalemate endured . Troops needed only to look at how the prevailing westerly winds bent Flanders ' stately trees toward their own positions to know that gas would come drifting their way . Laurence Cadbury , of the British chocolate dynasty , had come to Flanders to help as an ambulance driver . In 1925 , 16 of the world 's major nations signed the Geneva Protocol , thereby pledging never to use gas in warfare again . But it has continued to be used , even 100 years after the first attack . Seven years after signing the Protocol , Italy dropped mustard gas in bombs during the invasion of Ethiopia . Troops sprayed it from planes and spread it in powdered form on the ground . Around 150,000 chemical casualties were reported . The global chemical weapons watchdog is also investigating allegations the gas was used to carry out fatal attacks in Syrian villages . Activists have accused the Syrian regime of using chlorine - a toxic agent that can be considered a chemical weapon - on civilian areas in the past . There is also evidence to suggest ISIS is using chlorine gas as a chemical weapon in its battle , Kurdish authorities have claimed . Peshmerga forces discovered '20 gas canisters ' loaded on the back of a truck involved in a suicide bomb attack in Iraq on January 23 , officials said . In October chlorine-filled cylinders were also discovered during clashes in the towns of Balad and Duluiya . And reports from the Syrian border-town of Kobani suggested the extremist group added chlorine to an arsenal that already included heavy weapons and tanks looted from captured military bases earlier this year . Memorial stones commemorate those who lost their lives as a result of the first gas attacks . The cross marks the field where troops faced the first use of poison . Even today , farmers suffer health problems after digging up this toxic harvest . Above , a old bunker constructed by the German army stands in one of the fields . The pacifist Quaker had an immediate grasp of what the Germans ' use of the gas horror meant . ` It seems pretty certain we shall retaliate , ' he wrote to his parents one week after the initial German attack . ` After all , it is no use appealing to anyone . ' The first use by Allied forces came in September , when the British unleashed poison gas on the Germans at the battle of Loos . Rival armies ultimately launched 146 gas attacks in Belgium , which covered only a small patch of the Western Front . More sophisticated gases were released and the improvement of gas mask designs led to more poison being deployed . The Germans used about 150 tons of gas in their first attack and around 68,000 tons in total . The Allies used even more - 82,000 tons . The last gas attack came just three days before the armistice of November 11 , 1918 . Historians estimate that more than 1million soldiers were exposed to gas -- and 90,000 killed . ` A lot of the effects did not kill you but they were lasting . You have chronic bronchitis , pneumonia , ' Chielens said . ` The veterans of the war took it with them to their graves . ' Dormant shells littered farmland . Even today , farmers suffer health problems after digging up this toxic harvest . The French army told Lamour 's wife Angele that he either died from gas or was taken prisoner . She kept believing her husband was alive and month after month , she wrote letters to ` Mon bien cher Georges ' . On May 2 , 1918 , three years after his presumed death , she wrote : ` Is springtime coming so late for you as it is for us ? '