The classic denial , ` This old thing ? ' continues to be used in full force by Australians , according to a new study . A staggering 1.2 million either possess a secret credit card of hide purchases from their partner . According to new research , one in ten cardholders , or an estimated 800,000 Australians , also admit their credit card spending has lead to an argument with a partner . Put it on plastic : A new study of Australians ' spending habits reveals that 1.2 million either have a secret credit card or hide purchases from a partner . The study of 1,200 cardholders by Creditcardfinder.com.au found that the biggest culprits of covert credit behaviour are women . 17 per cent will hide their credit card spending , versus 14 per cent of men . It is n't just women keeping mum either , Generation Y -LRB- aged 18-34 -RRB- were found to be the least trustworthy of the age categories when it came to their credit card spending . 25 per cent of Gen Y were found to either have a secret credit card or hidden purchases , well above other age groups . This old thing ? 17 per cent will hide their credit card spending , versus 14 per cent of men . They were also likely to be the most argumentative about their spending , versus Baby Boomers who had a much clearer concious and were n't likely to hide their spending or argue about it . Crafty card holding habits also varied between states too . Those in New South Wales were found to argue over their spending more than Western Australians . However , Victorians had the most cunning credit card behaviour with 18 per cent admitting to a secret credit card versus the 9 per cent of Queenslanders . The stats : One in three do n't pay off their bill each month and 96 per cent make at least one unplanned purchase per month . Generational : 25 per cent of Gen Y were found to either have a secret credit card or hidden purchases . Yet , when it comes to spending habits across the board , credit card holders were found to have a penchant for purchasing over paying back . One in three do n't pay off their bill each month and 96 per cent make at least one unplanned purchase a month , with shopping sprees being the most common transaction . With the latest Reserve Bank Australia research showing Australians currently owe a net worth of over $ 50.1 billion across 16 million credit cards , it then comes at no surprise card holders are hiding their habits .