Andrew Flintoff fears Kevin Pietersen is ` running out of time ' to resurrect his England career . Flintoff , speaking at the England and Wales Cricket Board 's NatWest T20 launch , sees a bright summer and lasting future ahead for ` probably the premier tournament ' in this country . The dual Ashes-winning all-rounder is less convinced , however , about Pietersen 's prospects of forcing his way back into Test contention . Kevin Pietersen scored 170 for Surrey in The Parks as he bids to earn a recall to the England squad . Former England star Andrew Flintoff thiks time is running out for Pietersen to resurrect his England career . Pietersen already has three Ashes series wins on his CV but will be 35 before the 2015 edition begins , and Flintoff senses he no longer has age on his side . The controversial record-breaking batsman has been surplus to requirements since being sacked 14 months ago after Alastair Cook 's team were whitewashed 5-0 in Australia , but has taken heart from incoming ECB chairman Colin Graves ' hints that there may be a way back after all . Pietersen and his agent have both spoken of the ` clean slate ' being presented to him , and he began restating his case by hitting 170 against MCCU Oxford in his first red-ball innings for Surrey since June 2013 . Flintoff is concerned nonetheless that there is simply no vacancy for Pietersen . ` He 's a fantastic player , but nobody just walks into any team - especially the England team , ` I 'm back , I 'm here , I 'm playing ' , ' Flintoff told Press Association Sport . England have won their last three Tests under Cook , pre-dating a miserable World Cup , and took a three-figure first-innings lead in the first match of three in the West Indies . Pietersen has not featured for England since he was unceremoniously sacked 14 months ago . It is hard to identify anyone in their middle order who should step aside , on current form . ` Which of them do you say `` you 're not playing ! '' for Kevin to come in ? ' Flintoff said . ` I just think Kevin is running out of time a little bit . ` If he 'd started the season last year with Surrey , and scored run after run and put himself in the position ... whereas now I think he 's looking at the Ashes and he 's just running out of time . ` That 's not to say he -LRB- definitely -RRB- wo n't feature , but I ca n't imagine it 's going to be in the near future . ' Flintoff is optimistic about England 's fortunes , despite their winter woes , with or without Pietersen . ` Alastair Cook is so important , and you get the sense everyone within the England set-up wants him as captain , ' he said . ` He 's a popular lad , and a great player . ` Peter Moores , there are n't enough words for me to describe how great he is as a person and coach - an amazing bloke . ' The former England star is hoping to win back his Test place with a return to red ball cricket . England , Flintoff believes , just need a little more support . ` I think sometimes as a pundit , ex-player , you forget how difficult it can be , ' he added . ` In Australia , you have all the ex-players talking to the current players and you get a sense that everyone wants Australia to do well . ` With England , I 've never had a sense of that . ` It 's about time we started talking them up . I think it 's time we started supporting the side , getting behind Cook , Moores , the players . ` It 's very easy to take cheap shots and swipes and pick out a player who has n't moved his feet . -LRB- I think -RRB- maybe we should be a bit better than that , and start celebrating the lads a bit . ' He is enthusiastic too about this summer 's T20 Blast , insisting it is no poor relation of the Indian Premier League - or the Big Bash , in which he played last winter for Brisbane Heat . Flintoff says Alastair Cook is so important to England despite poor showing in the first Test against West indies . Flintoff said : ` The competition gets stronger . It 's probably the premier tournament of the domestic game now , with the crowds and excitement behind it . ` We 're seeing that , with some of the players coming over - the world 's best , Chris Gayle , Brendon McCullum , -LRB- Glenn -RRB- Maxwell , -LRB- Aaron -RRB- Finch . ` I played in the Big Bash , and the standard was high -LRB- but -RRB- this stands up as a competition . ` You turn up at Old Trafford for Lancashire-Yorkshire , and get 25,000 people , then to Chelmsford where they 're playing in front of packed houses - so I do n't subscribe to that . ` Anything in this country , we look at things abroad and say everything is far better over there . ` We do n't really focus on what we 've got . Flintoff shares a joke with players at the Natwest T20 Blast launch at Edgbaston on Thursday . ` I did n't see anything within the Big Bash and thought ` this is far better than what we 've got at home ' . ' Whether at 37 he will be a part of the Blast again , after coming out of retirement and so nearly helping Lancashire to win the tournament last summer , is another matter . ` I 'm not arrogant enough to think I can just walk into the Lancashire dressing-room and say ` I 'm back , I 'm playing ' , ' he added . ` The one reason I wanted to play -LRB- last year -RRB- is because I love it and I never want to look back at my life , when I 'm older , and think ` I wish I 'd done that ' . ` I do n't see failing as a problem . But I see not having a go as a crime . ` So I thought `` I 'm going to have a go '' , and I certainly loved it . '