Rory McIlory was joined by Niall Horan at the Masters on Wednesday as the One Direction singer caddied for the Northern Irish golfer in the traditional Par-3 Contest at Augusta . The 21-year-old singer Horan shared a photo on social media of him and McIlory before the pair headed out onto the course , where the One Direction singer was about to make an embarrassing slip . Horan fell while carrying McIlroy 's clubs around the par-three course , but the pair laughed it off as the Northern Irishman his a one-under-par round on Wednesday . The singer from Ireland even got an opportunity to tee off on one hole while Tiger Woods also played the Par-3 Contest for the first time in 11 years . One Direction singer Niall Horan caddied for Rory McIlroy in the traditional Par-3 Contest at Augusta National . Horan had a embarrassing moment when he slipped over while carrying McIlroy 's clubs on the par-three course . Sky Sports ' cameras captured the moment when Horan suffered a slip while caddying for McIlroy during the Par-3 Contest . McIloy shakes hands with the One Direction superstar after shooting a one-under-par round on the par-3 course . McIlroy steps aside to let the One Direction singer Horan tee off on the ninth hole at Augusta National . The Masters official Twitter account shared an image of Rory McIlroy and Tiger Woods with Niall Horan . McIlroy and Horan pose for a picture -LRB- left -RRB- as Kirsty Gallacher -LRB- right -RRB- presents Sky Sports ' coverage of the Par-3 Contest . Woods played in the Masters Par-3 Contest at Augusta National for the first time in 11 years . Woods was joined on the course by girlfriend Lindsey Vonn , his son Charlie and daughter Sam . Vonn and Woods ' two children watch the 14-time major winner in action during the Par-3 Contest . Woods , a four-time winner of the Masters at Augusta , marks his ball on the green as his children and girlfriend watch on . Kevin Streelman holds his trophy aloft after winning the Par-3 Contest on a play-off against Camilo Villegas . The last five winners : . 2010 Louis Oosthuizen . 2011 Luke Donald . 2012 Padraig Harrington , Jonathan Byrd . 2013 Ted Potter . 2014 Ryan Moore . The par-three course : . Hole Yardage . No 1 130 . No 2 70 . No 3 90 . No 4 130 . No 5 130 . No 6 140 . No 7 115 . No 8 120 . No 9 135 . TOTAL 1,060 . The Par-3 Contest has become a much-loved part of the Masters build-up , and is played on Augusta National 's nine-hole par-3 course on the Wednesday before the tournament . American 36-year-old Kevin Streelman won the Par-3 contest after a three-hole play-off with Camilo Villegas . The pair both shot five under par , but the Colombian Villegas hit his tee shot on the eighth hole into the water during the play-off . McIlroy is desperate to win at Augusta this week and add the Masters , which is the only major he is yet to win , to his trophy collection and will get down to the serious business on Thursday . Victory at the Augusta National will mean a third major title in a row for the Northern Irishman , who shot a one-under-par round in the Par-3 Contest after winning The Open and the USPGA Championship at the back end of 2014 . Woods , meanwhile , had declined to participate in the mini-tournament , which he has previously called ` distracting ' , since 2004 . But Woods gave his fans a treat by joining in with the event for the first time in 11 years , with his daughter , Sam , 7 , and his son , Charlie , 6 , keeping him company . His playing partners were old pals Steve Stricker and Fred Couples . Sam Snead won the first Par 3 Contest in 1960 , two years after the course was completed . A record five holes-in-one were made in the 2002 event , when Japan 's Toshi Izawa made back-to-back aces on holes five and six . Players often invite their wives or children to caddie for them . Reigning Masters champion Bubba Watson , who was also a winner at Augusta in 2012 , was joined by his wife Angie and son Caleb for the Par-3 Contest . Watson played with his American compatriot Rickie Fowler , who had girlfriend Alexis Randock as his caddy . But this is the competition nobody wants to win . Nobody has ever won the Wednesday warm-up and the Masters in the same week , leading many to remark on the ` curse ' of the Par-3 Contest . Those who have recently discovered to their fate that these twin feats are seemingly unachievable include Padriag Harrington , winner of the Par 3 Contest in 2003 and 2004 , former Open champion Louis Oosthuizen -LRB- 2010 -RRB- and former world No 1 Luke Donald , who claimed the prize in 2011 but remains majorless . Woods is all smiles as he hugs former US Secretary of State Condoleeza Rice . Rice , the former US Secretary of State , with Woods ' girlfriend Vonn during the Par-3 Contest at Augusta . One Direction singer Horan tweeted a picture of him and McIlroy -LRB- left -RRB- , while NHL player Teemu Selanne caddies for Mikko Ilonen -LRB- right -RRB- . Golf legend Jack Nicklaus celebrates a hole in one on the fourth hole of the Augusta National par-3 course . Nicklaus -LRB- centre -RRB- with Ben Crenshaw -LRB- left -RRB- and Gary Player -LRB- right -RRB- during the Par-3 Contest on Wednesday . Two-time Masters champions Bubba Watson with his son Caleb and wife Angie on the nine-hole course at Augusta . Reigning Masters champion Watson watches his son Caleb tee off during the Par-3 Contest . American golfer Rickie Fowler shares a joke with his girlfriend Alexis Randock during the Par-3 Contest on Wednesday . Fowler with his girlfriend Randock take a walk down the par-3 course at the Augusta National in Georgia . Randock takes on a putt as Fowler watches on during the Par-3 Contest on Wednesday at Augusta . Fowler and his girlfriend Randock share a kiss during the traditional Par-3 Contest at Augusta National on Wednesday . Fowler takes a picture as Watson watches his son Caleb tee off during the Par-3 Contest on Wednesday . South African golfer Ernie Els reacts after watching his daughter Samantha miss a putt on the ninth hole . Australian golfer Jason Day with his wife Ellie and son Dash as his caddies in the Par-3 contest . Day and wife Ellie watch son Dash attempt a putt as American golfer Erik Compton -LRB- right -RRB- looks on . Patrick Reed with his wife Justine and their daughter Windsor-Wells during the Par-3 Contest at Augusta . Padraig Harrington -LRB- right -RRB- celebrates what he thinks is a hole in one on the ninth hole with Shane Lowry -LRB- left -RRB- . Harrington and Lowry react after the former Open champion just missed out on a hole in one . Augusta National 's par-3 course traditionally hosts the Par-3 Contest the day before the first major of the year begins . Spectators watch the Par-3 Contest under blue skies with the sun shining on Wednesday in Augusta , Georgia . Augusta National 's picturesque par-3 course was a sight to behold on Wednesday for the traditional curtain raiser .