David Luiz should not play in central defence again after his horror show in PSG 's 3-1 defeat against Barcelona , according to former England boss Glenn Hoddle . The ex-Chelsea defender came off the bench in Wednesday night 's Champions League quarter-final first leg and was nutmegged twice by Luis Suarez in the build-up to the Uruguayan 's two goals . Luiz suffered a hamstring injury 10 days ago but Hoddle , who insists that the Brazilian has always been a defensive liability , believes he still showed his naivety even if he was n't fully fit . Luis Suarez puts the ball through David Luiz 's legs on his way to scoring his second goal of the night . Luiz suffered the same fate when Suarez weaved his way into the box for Barcelona 's second goal . The Brazilian was left with his head in his hands after allowing Suarez a clean run at goal . Asked about Luiz 's defending for Barcelona 's third goal , the Sky Sports pundit said : ` Even if you 're not 100 per cent fit you ca n't show that lack of intent . ` He 's the last man on the pitch when Suarez picks the ball up and starts running at him . He realises he 's the last man and the very last thing -LRB- you should do -RRB- when you 're last man is jump in . You bide time for your team to get around you . ` He does what an eight year old who has n't been coached does . He tries to win it by putting both of his feet together but when he does that he ca n't move anywhere . Suarez nutmegs him again . ' Some of Luiz 's best performances for PSG - and former club Chelsea - came when he was deployed in a central midfield role with less defensive responsibility , something Hoddle believes manager Laurent Blanc should consider from now on . Sky Sports pundit Glenn Hoddle described Luiz as a ` liability at the back ' after PSG 's defeat . Luiz defended like an ` eight-year-old who has n't been coached ' in this challenge , according to Hoddle . Suarez tucks home the first of his two goals against PSG after nutmegging Luiz with ease . He added : ` For me he 's a liability at the back . He always has been . You have to find a place -LRB- for him -RRB- in midfield or even at right back . ` He 's a footballer who likes to play in the playground when there 's no shape to the game . He 's a talent but that 's not what top football is about . ' However Hoddle 's fellow pundit , former Arsenal striker Thierry Henry , was quick to point the blame in the direction of Blanc , who chose to introduce the 25-year-old after an injury to Thiago Silva . Henry said : ` If David Luiz was n't fit enough to start the game , why does he come on as a sub after 21 minutes ? Luiz looks dejected after contributing to his side 's 3-1 defeat in their Champions League quarter-final first leg . Jamie Redknapp also admitted that Luiz can be a liability but Thierry Henry questioned the player 's fitness . ` From a coaching point of view , why would you put him in ? If he 's not fit enough to start , why do you put him in ? ' Sportsmail columnist Jamie Redknapp , who was also in the Sky Sports studio , showed some sympathy for Luiz but pointed towards the sheer number of high-profile errors made by the former Benfica man in recent seasons . Responding to Henry , Redknapp said : ` I do agree with you but I 've seen him do that every single week in the Premier League . ` That 's one of the reasons Chelsea were quick to get rid of him . Defensively , at times , he 's a liability . '