A hero doctor put his own life on the line to rescue one of his colleagues , by offering to swap places with her when a knife-wielding patient took her hostage . Accident and emergency doctor Lin Xikun knew exactly what he had to do when he walked in on nurse Long Yufang being threatened with a knife by a bare-chested man . The People 's Daily Online reported he immediately offered himself up as an alternate hostage - allowing Long to go free . Hostage : The terrifying moment a man walked into a hospital in China and threatened a nurse with a knife was caught on film . The terrifying situation began at about 11 am on April 9 , when the man walked into the hospital in Dongguan , Guangdong Province . He had been brought in by police the night before . ` He told people that he did n't have any money to get home and not only did he not find anyone willing to give him the money to go home , he injured his leg in the process , ' emergency department nurse Huang Chunyan recalled . When he returned the next day , he was carrying a knife . Video footage shows the man wheeling himself to the pharmacy , before he takes the knife out to threaten the nurse . But when he sat down with her , he reassured her : ` Do n't worry , I am not going to harm you . ' However , he did ask her to call the police and reporters . But Nurse Long - who realised now she would not be harmed - had already screamed out in fear . Hero : Within moments one of the accident and emergency doctors -LRB- right -RRB- walked in and took her place . Dr Lin heard the scream , and rushed to her aid . Nurse Huang said : ` Dr Lin then told the man `` Look you are scaring the nurse . She is terrified . You just want a hostage right ? Let me swap places with her '' . ' The hostage taker agreed , and Dr Lin went to sit with him - allowing the nurse , who was clearly terrified , to escape . His ordeal went on for a further 10 minutes before the local police arrived , and the hostage taker voluntarily put the knife down . Gentleman : Doctor Lun Xikun , pictured in the room later , managed to keep him calm until the police arrived . However , his brave actions have won the doctor a legion of fans . ` He is like a real gentleman . Like a God , ' one nurse said . A police spokesman said later the man had no intention of harming anyone , but just wanted to highlight his plight .