Crucible thoroughbreds John Higgins and Graeme Dott led the Scottish charge on Sunday at the Betfred World Championship . Four-time winner Higgins impressed with a 10-5 first-round victory over Robert Milkins , and looked to be approaching the form that last saw him take the title four years ago . The 39-year-old fired breaks of 77 , 75 , 69 and a clinching 106 in the second session as he coasted home against Gloucester potter Milkins , who took the match beyond its evening interval but was thoroughly outplayed . John Higgins plays a shot during his match against Robert Milkins during the Betfred World Championships . Milkins said of his conqueror : ` It 's going to take a good man to beat him on that form . ` He 's playing really good stuff . I think I did well to get five frames . ' Dott , unseeded this year but a proven Crucible class act and champion in 2006 , was a 10-8 winner earlier as he ousted Ricky Walden . Higgins has sprung back to competitive form level this year , notably in taking the Welsh Open title in February to end a two-and-a-half-year major trophy drought . He had openly expressed fears his days as a winner were over , but Higgins is daring to dream of a fifth world title . He said : ` I 'm feeling relief and pride to beat Robert because he 's a dangerous player . I knew I 'd lost my last four matches to him . ` I thought I hit the ball well . I missed a few but I felt good in amongst them . ' Asked directly whether he was a potential champion , Higgins initially said : ` Nah . There 's more and more contenders out there . I probably know what it takes to win it but there 's more favoured players than me . ' But the desire is there , and unmistakably he does have one eye on the trophy . Higgins added : ` It would be amazing if I could win it and go level with somebody like Ronnie O'Sullivan on five titles . That would be beyond my wildest dreams . The fire is still there . ` I 've had a few sleepless nights thinking I 'd never get back into the winners ' circle . Luckily it happened at the Welsh Open and that 's given me a bit of a boost . ` You doubt yourself definitely , especially in dark times , but now hopefully there 's some good times . ` Just to win this again would be incredible . Ronnie has probably outstripped me , winning more tournaments and making more century breaks , and he 's obviously chasing Stephen Hendry 's records . ` But there 's perhaps Hendry , Ronnie and -LRB- Steve -RRB- Davis before me winning most . If it 's just those three ahead of me I ca n't complain . It 's not a bad three to have in front of you . ' Graeme Dott plays a shot during his match against Ricky Walden during the Betfred World Championships .