Two jihadi brides have escaped from Islamic State 's female police force and revealed the horrifying punishments they used to inflict on other women . Doaa and Umm , whose names have been changed to conceal their identities , were smuggled from Raqqa , in Syria , to southern Turkey after leaving the al-Khansa Brigade earlier this year . The pair said they used to be heavily involved in punishing others who did not obey the group 's rules - including giving 60 lashes to those who tried to flee . Scroll down for video . Doaa and Umm -LRB- above -RRB- , whose names have been changed to conceal their identities have revealed what life was like working for the brutal al-Khansa Brigade . In an interview with Sky News Doaa , who left after her Saudi Arabian husband blew himself up in a suicide attack , said women also received a ` standard ' 40 lashes if they did not wear proper Islamic dress . The 20-year-old , who was paid around £ 70 a month by the unit , said : ` What upset me most was lashing old women when they were n't wearing the proper clothes . ' Umma , 25 , was forced to marry a foreign fighter . She said did not see him very much as he was often on the front line . ` Most of the time I would stay at my parents ' house because he was n't around . He behaved normally , he would come home for two or three days and then go back to fight , ' she said , adding that she did not love him . Now the pair , who are living in Turkey illegally , are scared they will be discovered by ISIS fighters who , they believe , are following them . The al-Khansa Brigade operates as an ultra-oppressive police force monitoring the behaviour of females in Raqqa . The women revealed they used to be heavily involved in punishing others who did not obey the group 's rules - including those who tried to escape . Above , one of the women shows a picture of herself holding a gun . The al-Khansa Brigade operates as an ultra-oppressive police force monitoring the behaviour of females in Raqqa . Above , other women from the brigade are pictured holding guns . It achieved notoriety last year after women who travelled to join the Islamic State 's insurgency boasted of joining the police unit . They used social media to brag about doling out savage beatings and lashings , ordering executions and managing brothels where thousands of sex slaves are believed to be imprisoned and raped daily . In the brigade 's first manifesto , released in February , women are told to live a completely ` sedentary ' lifestyle . It adds that their role should be primarily to remain ` hidden and veiled ' and at the service of men , who are described as their masters . While it claims not to have been written or approved by ISIS 's leadership , it provides a disturbing look at the way women are treated . Last September a Syrian woman agreed to carry a hidden camera to film daily life in Raqqa . Her footage showed several gun-wielding French women who had left their home country to join ISIS -LRB- above -RRB- . The women 's revelations come a day after a shocking new video appearing to show at least 30 Christians being beheaded and shot by ISIS in Libya was released . The 29-minute video , titled ` Until It Came To Them - Clear Evidence ' , showed dozens of militants holding two separate groups captive , thought to be in the south and the east of the country . At least 16 men , described by Islamic State as the ` followers of the cross from the enemy Ethiopian Church ' , were lined up and shot in a desert area while 12 others were filmed being forced to walk down a beach before being beheaded . It followed another video in February of the beheading of a group of 21 Coptic Christians on the beach in Libya , though that terrain was rockier than the one shown in the latest film .