Bayern Munich 's treble ambitions are put to the test on Wednesday in the German Cup quarter-final when their injury-hit side travel to in-form Bayer Leverkusen . The Bavarians , runaway leaders in the Bundesliga and through to the Champions League last eight where they face Porto later this month , are eager to repeat their 2013 treble-winning campaign as the season enters its final stretch . A 1-0 league victory at Borussia Dortmund on Saturday despite a string of absences was crucial to boost their confidence ahead of the Cup game , goalkeeper Manuel Neuer said . Bayern Munich goalkeeper Manuel Neuer celebrates after the 1-0 win against Borussia Dortmund on Saturday . Neuer made a spectacular in injury time from a Marco Reus free kick to ensure the three points . ` The 1-0 victory was a very good sign for us , ' Neuer , who made a spectacular save in stoppage time to protect their slim lead , said . ` We have to try to carry this momentum to our game at Leverkusen . ' Bayern were without wingers Franck Ribery and Arjen Robben as well as David Alaba , who tore a knee ligament and will be out for about two months . They were also missing defender Holger Badstuber , forcing coach Pep Guardiola to overhaul his team and play a new-look midfield with captain Philipp Lahm , Xabi Alonso and Bastian Schweinsteiger . ` I would have liked to have played differently but I have to adapt the system to my players , ' said Guardiola . Neuer advances from his line to beat Reus to the ball during the clash at Signal Iduna Park . Manager Pep Guardiola is having to content with a number of injuries ahead of the German Cup quarter-final . Guardiola , in his second season in charge after winning the domestic double last year , will have the chance to slightly alter his system again with midfielder Thiago Alcantara making a comeback on Saturday after more than a year out injured . The addition of the skilled Spain international is undoubtedly a major asset ahead of Leverkusen , who crushed Hamburg SV 4-0 in their league game on Saturday . Ribery could also be back in time for Wednesday 's game , providing Guardiola with more punching power . Leverkusen , eager to remain in the top four to secure yet another Champions League campaign next season , have won their last five Bundesliga games without conceding a goal as they hit top form . Former Barcelona midfielder Thiago Alcantara made his first appearance for a year against Dortmund . ` We want to advance but we know it will be hard , ' Leverkusen 's Gonzalo Castro said . ` We know what we can do and we can play with confidence . Our counter attacks are extremely fast and good . After our 4-0 win and five straight victories our confidence is very high . ' In another all-Bundesliga clash Borussia Dortmund , finalists last season , take on Hoffenheim on Tuesday eager to edge closer to the final and a possible European spot after a dismal league showing this season . VfL Wolfsburg face Freiburg and Borussia Moenchengladbach take on third-tier Arminia Bielefeld in the other two quarter-finals .