Floyd Mayweather Jnr 's personal chef responsible for fuelling the the fighter ahead of his $ 300million clash with Manny Pacquiao has revealed her boss does have some weaknesses when it comes to food . Quiana Jeffries , aka Chef Q , was brought into Mayweather 's camp after driving through the night to impress him with a trial breakfast . A regimented diet is crucial to the champion 's training regime and Mayweather demands organic produce , although there are a few exceptions . ` Twizzlers are his favorite , ' Jeffries reveals in an interview with New York Magazine . Floyd Mayweather Jnr -LRB- left -RRB- insists on eating organic food before his fight , although there are exceptions . Chef Q has been cooking for Mayweather since his fight for Manny Pacquaio was announced . Fried turkey dogs are specialty southern dish of Chef Q 's that Mayweather loves to indulge on . This steak dished was cooked by Chef Q and would have cost the boxer $ 1,000 per plate . Quiana Jeffries has helped the champ with his strict organic food diet , but has problems getting ingredients . Who do you think WILL win the fight between Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao ? Who do you think WILL win the fight between Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao ? Now share your opinion . ` And Top Ramen -LRB- dried noodle packets -RRB- . ` It 's what he had growing up . He likes them crunchy , with a lot of noodles , and not a lot of juice , ' she adds . However , Mayweather 's most unhealthy food craving has got to be ` fried hot dogs ... with barbecue sauce ' . Jeffries explains that she tries her best to ake them as healthy as possible : ` I cut them longways , and fry them up in a little coconut oil . I spice that up the barbeque sauce , too . ` I add a oranges , orange zest , and other spices . He loves barbecue sauce . Everything with barbecue sauce . But that 's life . You like what you know . ' As well as unusual eating requests , Jeffries also has to cope with Mayweather 's unconventional timekeeping . The 38-year-old does not followed a structured training regime and prefers to decide when he does things according to how he is feeling , which can pose problems for his 24-hour chef who charges around £ 1,000 per meal . ` If Champ wants a meal at three , four , five , six in the morning , I have to be ready for that , ' Jeffries said . ` He 's called me at four and says , ` I want that oxtail . ' Finding organic food stores in the early hours of the morning is also challenging , especially in Las Vegas . Mayweather and Pacquiao are just days away from their $ 300m mega-fight in Las Vegas . Jeffries explains how she is yet to find a farmers ' market in the city and is restricted to a handful of 24-hour supermarkets , but not all departments stay open all night . ` The seafood counters always close early , ' she says -- leading her to befriend managers to acquire the necessary ingredients for Mayweather 's favourite seafood gumbo . ` They all know who we work for . '