Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal has praised the resurrection of Marouane Fellaini as the big Belgian prepares to play in the fixture that marked the low point of his Old Trafford career 12 months ago . On March 25 last year , Fellaini was jeered by both City and United fans as he was substituted in a 3-0 United defeat that proved the deathknell to the manager who signed him , David Moyes . Even more hurtfully , Reds legend Paul Scholes was scathing about Fellaini 's United career up that point , saying on television : ` I 'd be expecting a lot more of him . ' Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal has praised the rebirth of resurrection Marouane Fellaini . Fellaini , pictured against Aston Villa on April 4 , is expected to start against Manchester City on Sunday . In the corresponding fixture last season , the Belgian -LRB- back -RRB- was criticised by fans and pundits in a 3-0 loss . Things have changed dramatically since then with Fellaini developing into a more effective No10 than Juan Mata , Rooney or Angel di Maria have been this season . Playing off Rooney , Fellaini has allowed van Gaal to play 4-3-3 with Ashley Young and Juan Mata either side of the centre-forward . United have won five league games in a row and are in third place , a point ahead of City for Sunday 's derby . ` Marouane always does the things that we want from him . He is performing what we want from a midfielder , we have other players who are too creative and too emotional to do the job , ' said van Gaal . ` I 've always said for the balance of our team you have to also defend as well as attack and you have to beat the pressure from the opponent . Marouane plays a factor in all these aspects , we needed him in the team , now he has that role and he plays his role very well . ' Fellaini , who cost £ 27million when Moyes signed him from Everton , has scored three goals in United 's revival and also scored three times for his country in their two recent Euro 2016 qualifiers . As importantly , his aerial presence in both penalty areas has helped United . His overall physicality has helped LVG bring back a formation that he used earlier in the season against Chelsea , Manchester City and West Brom , without winning any of them . This season though , Van Gaal has been impressed with the midfielder 's -LRB- right -RRB- ability in defence and attack . ` We have n't got the tallest team and have problems with the long ball , ' admitted van Gaal . ` So we press more than we used to . We have changed our shape to 4-3-3 because you can press better , I tried it at that time but we could n't do it . It 's a process and now we can do it . ' Typically for van Gaal though , there was a sting in the tail in case Fellaini should start to believe the good publicity . ` I took him off against Villa in the last game , that was n't for no reason , ' stressed the manager . Van Gaal also had praise for Spanish goalkeeper David de Gea who is interesting Real Madrid . The United boss has until now been reserved in his praise for de Gea but he went on a charm offensive yesterday after the keeper made a rare mistake to allow Aston Villa 's Christian Benteke to score last weekend . ` De Gea has had a marvellous season and everybody knows that . He was very important in a lot of matches and therefore I ca n't change him , ' said van Gaal . Fellaini -LRB- right -RRB- has proved a more effective No 10 than club record signing Angel di Maria this season .