Andrew Hutchinson was reported to the hospital trust where he worked for indecent behaviour five years before being convicted of sexual offences . Bosses at a hospital where a male nurse sexually assaulted patients were warned of his predatory behaviour five years before he was convicted of 23 different offences against patients . Andrew Hutchinson raped two patients while they were under general anaesthetic and assaulted others at John Radcliffe Hospital Oxford where he worked in the a & e department between 2011 and 2013 . The 29-year-old was convicted of 23 separate charges last month including making indecent images of children , outraging public decency and voyeurism . He was taken into custody at Oxford Crown Court and is due to be sentenced next week . It has since emerged that an earlier complaint about the nurse was made to bosses at Oxford University Hospitals Trust . In 2009 a student nurse reported Hutchinson as having taken inappropriate photographs at the hospital . But the hospital did n't report it to police as they said there was not sufficient evidence to suggest whether there was grounds for a complaint . Instead bosses only mentioned it to authorities after being told of more serious allegations Hutchinson was facing . After his conviction , Oxford University Hospitals Trust said it was first made aware of any alleged sexual misconduct when contacted by police in 2014 . In a statement spokesman Susan Brown said : ` November 2014 Thames Valley Police requested a meeting with the trust and at the meeting informed Oxford University Hospitals about the images they had found and that they believed some were taken on trust property . ` This is the first time that the Oxford University Hospitals were aware of the serious allegations of sexual assault , voyeurism and rape that took place in our hospital . ' When contacted by MailOnline this afternoon Ms Brown said the ` important ' thing was that the Trust reported the 2009 complaint after being made aware of the more serious charges . Hutchinson was reported to police separately after being caught filming women as they changed their clothes at the White Horse Leisure Centre in Abingdon . After searching his home police discovered photographs and video footage of him abusing women in the hospital . Some of his victims were unconscious at the time . CCTV footage from the leisure centre where Hutchinson preyed on women as they changed shows the nurse walking through its lobby . Staff at Oxford University Hospitals chose not to investigate the complaint made against Hutchinson while he was working at John Radcliffe Hospital -LRB- above -RRB- . In 2010 Oliver Balicao , another male nurse at the hospital , was jailed for raping two female patients . One of his victims self-harmed after learning what had happened to her while she was under general anaesthetic . In 2010 Oliver Balicao , another male nurse at the hospital , was jailed for raping two female patients . As a result of the attacks , unconscious patients are now treated in an open area , a hospital source revealed . During a trial at Oxford Crown Court it was heard how Hutchinson had preyed on victims aged between 10 and 35 . The nurse stole one of the hospital 's cameras to be able to film up the skirt of a woman as she visited her sick friend and had become ` addicted ' to spying on women and children , it was claimed . Once arrested police discovered more than 1,700 indecent images on his computer and phone . He will be sentenced at Oxford Crown Court on April 27 .