A toddler suffering from an huge birthmark that could have blinded him in one eye has undergone life-changing plastic surgery . Colby Ramos-Francis , who is 17 months old , was born with a small , heart-shaped growth over his eyelid . But it quickly developed into a large benign tumour that continued to expand . His parents claim NHS doctors were unable to treat the growth or offer surgery , leaving them no option but to beg for help abroad . Scroll down for video . Colby Ramos-Francis , now 17 months old , was born with a small , heart-shaped growth over his eyelid . But it quickly developed into a large benign tumour that continued to expand , threatening his sight . Colby has now had the tumour removed free-of-charge thanks to the US-based Little Baby Face Foundation . His parents claim NHS doctors were unable to treat the growth or offer surgery , leaving them no option but to beg for help abroad . The NHS does not routinely remove the type of tumour Colby had , instead treating the condition with medication . This week , Colby had the tumour removed free-of-charge thanks to the US-based Little Baby Face Foundation -LRB- LBFF -RRB- . His mother Aimee , 18 , said : ` Seeing Colby come out without the birthmark is the best thing ever . It makes me incredibly happy . ` If it had n't been removed properly it could have resulted in him losing his eyesight . It was so emotional seeing him trying to touch it and realising it was not there anymore . ` It is so nice not to have these worries anymore and he can just grow up and be happy . ' While also delighted with the outcome , Colby 's father Jamie , 23 , said he was disappointed the family had been forced to fly across the Atlantic to get the treatment they desperately needed . He said : ` When someone like Josie Cunningham can have free plastic surgery on the NHS and Colby ca n't , it 's just out of order . ` There is a huge waiting list for people like Colby but she can just come along , snap her fingers and gets it . It 's heartbreaking . ' Ms Cunningham sparked outrage when she announced she 'd received a £ 4,800 boob job on the NHS . Colby , with his parents Jamie and Aimee . His mother said : ` If the growth had n't been removed properly , it could have resulted in him losing his eyesight . It was so emotional seeing him trying to touch it and realising it was not there anymore ' Colby was born with a condition known as haemangioma , a tumour , swelling or growth of the cells that line blood vessels - the endothelial cells . These growths are usually benign but can cause severe pain and can bleed or weep easily if disturbed . Colby was born with a condition known as haemangioma , a tumour , swelling or growth of the cells that line blood vessels - the endothelial cells . These growths are usually benign but can cause severe pain and can bleed or weep easily if disturbed . Ms Ramos-Francis , from Corsham , Wiltshire , who endured a 46-hour labour , said she noticed something different straight after the birth . She said : ` He had a small , pink birthmark on the side of his eye and it was in the same shape as a love-heart . ` I was n't really that concerned about it because a lot of children are born with them . ` After we got home and we 'd settled in with Colby we went for a six-week check up . ` By that time his birthmark had ballooned and it was really bulbous and it was n't really a nice sight . ` It should have shrunk by the age of one but it had n't made any progress . ' She said doctors in Britain used a range of topical medications and pills - including propranolol - to try and reduce the swelling , but to no avail . The toddler 's parents say they were also been the victims of abuse and slurs over their son 's appearance , and feared for his chances of living a ` normal ' life . His mother added : ` In England they seemed to be picking random numbers hoping it would make a difference , hoping it would shrink it , but it did n't make a difference . ` They then offered steroids but I did n't think it would be right giving a baby steroids , I was against it . ` We did n't really have much of an option except the wait-and-see approach , which we knew deep down really was n't the best thing for Colby . ` The lady we were seeing eventually said we could possibly see a plastic surgeon - but that it would take years for him to be seen . ` It was a shock we would have to wait that long for surgery . It was heartbreaking . ' On top of medical worries , Colby was banned from several daycare centres because of the risk of his growth weeping , leaving his mother unable to seek work while she studies English at the Open University . The toddler 's parents say they have also been the victims of abuse and slurs over his appearance . Mr Francis , who works in a hardware store , said : ` We had very nasty comments about Colby and very nasty comments about ourselves . People have even asked if we are beating him . ` Others said `` why do n't you get that disgusting thing removed from his face ? '' ` It was difficult and it has been very hurtful at times . We just wanted Colby to have the best . ' In February , a team led by paediatric facial plastic surgeon Dr Milton Waner -LRB- left -RRB- went ahead with a three-hour operation to cut the tumour away at New York 's Lenox Hill Hospital . The operation , consultation fees , flights and accommodation would have set the couple back at least £ 10,000 without the help of the foundation . Desperate , and frustrated with the lack of options in the UK , they turned to the New York-based Little Baby Face Foundation -LRB- LBFF -RRB- , contacting them by Facebook . The charity specialises in treating children born with severe birthmarks and facial deformities . On February 5 this year , a team led by paediatric facial plastic surgeon Dr Milton Waner went ahead with a three-hour operation to cut the tumour away at New York 's Lenox Hill Hospital . The operation , consultation fees , flights and accommodation would have set the couple back at least £ 10,000 without the help of the foundation . But with the level of expertise on offer , including other specialists , nurses and assistance , the figure would be ` much , much higher ' , the couple say . She said : ` Asking strangers for help can be amazing . We knew no-one in New York before this but they have done so much for us and Colby . We ca n't thank them enough . ' Colby is just one many children to be helped by the LBFF since its founding by Dr Thomas Romo in 2002 . Dr Romo said : ` Treating children with facial birth deformities is the most gratifying surgery I can perform . The NHS trust treating Colby before his surgery said that haemangiomas are not routinely surgically removed in the UK . ` The Little Baby Face Foundation transforms not only the face of a child , but their entire life . ' The family 's claims they would have had to wait many years for plastic surgery have been denied by by Deborah Lee , deputy chief executive of University Hospital Bristol , where Colby received treatment . She said : ` The Trust does not recognise the parents ' recollection of the information they were given . ` General advice for this condition in that UK practice is to treat conservatively in the initial stages in the hope that surgery would not be necessary , but even if a decision to proceed to surgery was reached , this would still be during the childhood years . ` Haemangiomas are not routinely surgically removed in the UK . The standard treatment for the condition is propranolol , to which most haemangiomas respond well . ` In the event they do not , patients would be referred to a dermatologist . Any patient accepted for treatment is managed in accordance with national waiting-time standards , which aim to treat 90 per cent of patients within 18 weeks . ` We hope Colby 's procedure in the USA was successful , and we wish him the very best for the future . ' Colby will now be monitored remotely from New York with the family sending photographs back to the hospital every week . Doctors have not ruled out a second operation in the near future to correct any abnormalities .