Boris Johnson will move centre stage in the Conservative election campaign next week as the party struggles to open up a consistent poll lead over Labour . The London Mayor , who has been largely invisible at a national level despite being the second best known Tory in the country , will make a high-profile joint appearance with David Cameron , sources said . There have been growing calls from Conservative MPs for Mr Johnson to be ` weaponised ' as the party seeks to break away from Labour . High profile : Boris Johnson -LRB- pictured at a gin distillery in London on Friday -RRB- will move centre stage in the Conservative election campaign next week . While many polls indicate deadlock , one by Survation for the Daily Mirror lifted Tory spirits yesterday by putting their party up four points in a week and moving ahead of Labour . The Conservatives were on 34 per cent , with Labour down two on 33 per cent . It is only the second time the Conservatives have been ahead with Survation since the organisation began conducting national polling in 2011 . The poll put Ukip on 17 per cent , the Lib Dems on seven per cent and the Greens on three . Last night Lord Bell , the advertising guru who masterminded Margaret Thatcher 's three election victories , was scathing about the Tories ' campaign , saying : ` It 's dreadful . It 's risk averse . It 's boring . There is no engagement with real voters . There is no passion . ` Cameron seems to be content with the idea that there will be a hung Parliament . They do n't even seem to be fighting for an overall majority . The campaign seemed to be based on the idea that Ed Miliband could n't even tie his own shoelaces properly . When he showed he can there was no Plan B. ' There have been growing calls from Conservative MPs for Mr Johnson to be ` weaponised ' as the party seeks to break away from Labour . There was surprise that Mr Johnson was not present at this week 's Tory manifesto launch , with Mr Cameron instead introduced by Education Secretary Nicky Morgan , Home Secretary Theresa May and Chancellor George Osborne . Internal polling suggests Mr Johnson is by far the most popular senior Tory among Ukip voters , who Mr Cameron has pleaded with to ` come home ' to his party rather than risk a Labour government propped up by the SNP . Other senior figures told the Daily Mail that David Cameron must underline manifesto pledges aimed at working class voters -- such as extending the right-to-buy and promising a tax-free minimum wage . ` The tax-free minimum wage is the best policy we 've had in years -- but we have n't heard a word about it since the manifesto , ' said one former minister . Boris Johnson tried a 99 cornet -LRB- left -RRB- in West Drayton yesterday and visited the Al Falah mosque -LRB- right -RRB- . ` We should be out selling some of the terrific stuff in the manifesto every day until polling day . It 's not enough to make one good speech . ` We need to get everybody out there -- all the Cabinet -- pushing these arguments day after day . ' One senior Tory donor said the campaign was ` lacklustre ' , ` negative ' , and ` boring ' . ` I am afraid we are paying a terrible price for not having a proper narrative over the last five years . People just do n't know what we stand for any more . ` Why are we talking only now about extending right to buy ? Why is there nothing on immigration ? Where is the Cabinet ? ` Why are n't we using Boris Johnson who is our biggest hitter and actually knows how to win elections ? ' The donor added : ` There is no sense of urgency . We seem to be sleepwalking to defeat praying that the polls might turn in the last week like it did in 1992 . ` If it was n't for the SNP surge in Scotland Ed Miliband would be in Downing Street with a comfortable majority . We could n't beat Gordon Brown and now it seems we ca n't beat Miliband who was supposed to be an even worse leader . ` With the economy performing so well we should be miles ahead instead we are in danger of boring voters to death . ' The London Mayor , who has been largely invisible at a national level despite being the second best known Tory in the country , will make a high-profile joint appearance with David Cameron , sources said . Some Tories are also complaining that the collapse in party membership has decimated their ground operation in some constituencies and they are being outleafleted by Labour -- whose canvas operation has been swelled by thousand of trade unionists -- by three to one . Another said the mood was ` tense ' and there was ` some dismay ' that the manifesto launch had not given the party ` lift-off ' . ` The polls have moved a bit in our favour . But if we are to turn the tide decisively , we need to keep the energy up and we should be using Boris more . ' One candidate hoping to be re-elected in a marginal seat said : ` Boris is doing good stuff on the ground but we should be seeing more of him -- he 's box office . Unlike some of our secretaries of state , people actually want to turn out to hear him . ' A Conservative adviser said : ` We 've always known this would be an incredibly close election and that a large number of undecided voters will only decide who they want in Downing Street -- Cameron or Miliband -- at the last minute . ` You will be seeing more of Boris as we move towards the end of the campaign -- that has always been the plan . ' The latest polls suggest a swing back to the Tories , but nothing close to the lead they would need for a Commons majority . A Panelbase poll suggested the Tories had cut a six-point Labour lead to one , while TNS put the party two points ahead , with 34 per cent to Labour 's 32 . A YouGov poll , meanwhile , had the two main parties tied on 34 per cent .