The omens are looking good . After taking the big race on the opening day of the Grand National festival , AP McCoy repeated the trick on Don Cossack to the delight of a huge Ladies ' day crowd . McCoy , who will ride hot favourite Shutthefrontdoor in the Crabbie 's Grand National on Saturday , struck on day one in the Doom Bar Aintree Hurdle with Jezki . If the trend continues , McCoy will be celebrating another victory in the biggest race of all . And if he wanted a further sign that the cards are falling in his favour , the last time he won the Melling Chase -- on Alberta 's Run in 2010 -- he followed up the next day in the Grand National on Do n't Push It . AP McCoy celebrates after winning the Melling Chase race at Aintree on Friday . McCoy rode Don Cossack to victory as he prepares for his final Grand National on Saturday . There may have been some fortune attached to Jezki 's victory as favourite Arctic Fire fell at the last flight when poised to challenge . Here , though , there was no luck involved . Don Cossack was mighty impressive in running away with The Grade One Betfred Melling Chase , prompting his trainer Gordon Elliot to talk of a challenge for the Cheltenham Gold Cup next year . This was one of the more straightforward successes in McCoy 's career , as once he took up the running three fences from home the result was never in doubt . Don Cossack ridden by McCoy -LRB- second left -RRB- leads the field on the way to victory at Aintree . McCoy jumps the final fence on Don Cossack as he rides to victory in the Melling Steeple Chase . In the end , there was a yawning 26-lengths back to second placed Cue Card , with John 's Spirit back in third . Elliott , who won the Grand National in 2007 with Silver Birch , said : ` The horse is the apple of my eye . I was delighted to see him sent on when he was , as we know that he stays . It is nice having a winner for AP , as well . He is a genius . He has ridden a good few winners for me over the years . ' This has been a memorable meeting for Elliott , who saddled a first day double with Clarcam and Tagliatelle . He saddles Cause of Causes in the big one and hopes are high of a bold show . ` When I won the National last time , I did n't really appreciate it , ' said Elliott . ` We are looking forward to tomorrow -LRB- Saturday -RRB- . '