It is usually found in pharmacy aisles beside creams to treat painful skin conditions such as eczema in children . But these days it seems you are just as likely to come across Cetaphil in the beauty cupboards of the rich and famous . It has emerged that the cleanser is responsible for the glowing skin of a host of stars including Britain 's Got Talent judge Amanda Holden and actresses Charlize Theron and Olivia Wilde . Scroll down for video . Celebrity favourite : It has emerged that Cetaphil is responsible for the glowing skin of a host of stars including Britain 's Got Talent judge Amanda Holden -LRB- left -RRB- and actresses Charlize Theron -LRB- right -RRB- and Olivia Wilde . Cetaphil Gentle Cleanser , which currently costs £ 6.74 at Boots and is also stocked in pharmacies such as Lloyds and online on Amazon , is fragrance and soap free and contains just eight ingredients , which makes it less harsh on the skin than other facewashes containing long lists of chemicals . Dermatologistsis developed it for people with highly sensitive skin so it is often favoured by ezcema and psoriasis sufferers . Its formula suits all ages , from babies to mums and the elderly . Fragrance free : Cetaphil Gentle Cleanser . And yesterday Miss Holden , 44 , revealed that it is her secret to remaining fresh-faced . ` I swear by Cetaphil . ` It is n't fancy or expensive but it does what I need it to do , ' she said . The mother of two girls said she had started looking into ways to improve her skin after playing Princess Fiona in Shrek in the West End in 2011 , which meant wearing heavy green make-up each night . She said she used to have botox injections and plastic surgery but that nearly dying giving birth to her daughter Hollie in 2012 put her off any more invasive treatments . She now relies on radio frequency energy facials -LRB- as well as more budget-friendly products such as Cetaphil -RRB- to hold back the years . Rush actress Miss Wilde , 31 , has described Cetaphil as ` the best ' facial cleanser , while Monster star Miss Theron , 39 , said she loves the ` clean smell ' . Beauty therapist Joanne Evans , of Dr Jules Nabet 's Medical Rooms in London , said that she has been recommending Cetaphil to clients for years , adding : ` It 's a very gentle cleanser for sensitive skins ... ` It 's great for breakouts too , dermatologists recommend this as -LSB- one of the best -RSB- cleansers . '