Celebrities and music lovers gathered on Friday in the southern California desert for the beginning of the annual Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival - the first big arts and music festival of the summer season . As in previous years , the 16th edition has attracted large crowds as festival goers danced around in the sun while performers including the headlining act AC/DC was scheduled to take the stage as well as musicians such as Azealia Banks , Tame Impala , Alabama Shakes and Interpol . This year 's lineup includes rapper Drake , Florence and the Machine , FKA Twigs , David Guetta , The Weeknd , Kasabian , alt-J and Toro y Moi among others . Scroll down for video . Festival goers dance in the Sahara tent during day one of the 2015 Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival at the Empire Polo Club on Friday . A pair of friends enjoy the warm weather while in the southern California desert during the music festival . Music fans Riley , Emily and Michaela from Orange County enjoy the warm weather as they dance during Coachella . Musicians Sean Lennon -LRB- left -RRB- and Charlotte Kemp Muhl of The Ghost of a Saber Tooth Tiger pose onstage . Life mimics art as attendees pose for photos at the ` EarthMover , ' by Christian Ristow one of many art installations on display . Music lovers and mavericks enjoy the live music at the Do Lab at Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival . A wave of celebrities began documenting their travels and capturing their fun while at the festival on Friday including models Gigi Hadid and Kendall Jenner , actor Scott Eastwood and actress Annabella ` Bella ' Thorne . While they enjoyed the sunshine , attendees were donned in warm-weather gear from tank top and shorts to swimsuits , while others took the opportunity to bring out their eclectic best . Actress and model Annabella ` Bella ' Thorne shared photos on her Instagram from Coachella with the caption ` it 's just starting ' Kendall Jenner runs through a crowd of people at Coachella with pal Hailey Baldwin as they were among several celebrities in attendance . Party time : Scott Eastwood kicks back with a Heineken and friends at the Coachella beer gardens . Music fans dance in the Sahara tent while at the Empire Polo club on Friday . Musical acts include AC/DC , Interpol and Alabama Shakes . Actor Blake Anderson -LRB- center -RRB- and recording artist Tyler , The Creator -LRB- right -RRB- were among the many celebrity sightings on Friday . Festival goers and celebrities gathered for the beginning of the festival with headlining act AC/DC scheduled to perform on Friday . Attendees jump in front of the Papilio Merraculous art installation by Poetic Kinetics on April 10 , 2015 in Indio , California . The festival began early Friday afternoon featuring both music and a wide array of art installations such as Papilio Merraculous , a massive structure resembling a worm , created by Poetic Kinetics . Coachella as usual includes two weekends this year with identical lineups from April 10-12 and April 17-19 . The art and music festival , which is considered the tastemaker of U.S. music events , attracts around 175,000 people each year and sells out quickly . Last year , it grossed $ 78million , according to industry monitor Billboard Box Office . Coachella and two other longstanding US festivals , Bonnaroo in Tennessee and Lollapalooza in Chicago , both have their roots in 1990s alternative culture and market themselves as staging grounds for emerging stars . Recording artist Azealia Banks takes the stage as part of the first day of the festival 's line up . American pop rock band Haim , made of sisters Este , Danielle and Alana Haim , gather for a picture during Coachella . Music fans and free spirits displayed their eclectic style during Coachella on Friday with quirky outfits . The Pulp Pavilion art installation by Ball-Nogues Studio is photographed and enjoyed by festival goers on day one of the festival . Music fans take a break from dancing and gallivanting in the sun to pose for a selfie during Coachella . A couple of friends relax on the grass as they pose for a picture during the festival which attracted a massive crowd . With a better view than others , festival goers on the shoulders of friends jam to the live performance during Coachella on Friday . Attendees revel in the loud beats at the water-drenched dance floor at the Do Lab during the first day of the festival .