Roger Federer believes Rafael Nadal is still the favourite for the French Open despite the Spaniard 's recent struggles . Nadal suffered his earliest exit in 12 years at the Barcelona Open last week with a third-round defeat by world No 29 Fabio Fognini and has admitted his confidence is lacking . World No 1 Novak Djokovic is 30-2 so far this season and became the first man to win the first three Masters titles of the year after his triumph in Monte Carlo . Roger Federer posted this picture on Twitter on Monday night as he gets set for the Istanbul Open . Federer hits a shot during a media event near the Bosphorus in Istanbul on Monday . Federer reaches to his right to play a forehand during the hit with a young Turkish tennis player . But Federer insists that arch-rival Nadal , who has won the title nine times and has only ever lost one match at Roland Garros , is still the man to beat . Federer said : ` At the French Open , Rafa for me is still the favourite alongside Djokovic who has been playing so well . ` Even though his -LRB- Nadal 's -RRB- form is not as good as in previous years , I still believe when the French Open rolls around he is going to be very difficult to beat . ' Federer , 33 , looks to bounce back at the inaugural Istanbul Open this week after losing to flamboyant Frenchman Gael Monfils in the third round in Monte Carlo . The 17-time Grand Slam champion takes on Marsel Ilhan or Jarkko Nieminen in his opening match as he he looks to get settled on the clay after an extended run on hard courts . Federer said : ` It 's about getting used to the sliding , deciding how aggressive I want to play . Rafael Nadal is a nine-time champion at Roland Garros and Federer still believes he is the man to beat . Federer speaks to the media during a press conference ahead of the Istanbul Open . Federer hits a ball into the sea as he takes part in the media event on the banks of the Bosphorus . ` I have been on hard courts for seven-eight months so it needs some adjustments . ` My game is going to get better and better as we move along . ' ' -LSB- The French Open -RSB- is clearly a big goal of mine . ` But to play well at the French Open I need confidence . I hope that I can pick that up in Istanbul . '