Phillip Schofield was left speechless today after a guest with Tourette 's syndrome blurted out ` silver fox ' at him mid-interview . Ellie Grant , 22 , was appearing on ITV 's This Morning to discuss how she suddenly developed the condition - and how she had found love with fiance Jordan - who is deaf . The pair hit the headlines earlier this year after being labelled the perfect match because whenever she becomes rowdy , he simply switches off his hearing aid . They appeared on today 's show to discuss how they met - and how they live with both of their conditions . But in the middle of the pre-recorded interview , Miss Grant suddenly suffered a verbal tic - and blurted out ` silver fox ' at Phillip , 53 . Silver fox is the nickname of the father-of-two , who smiled , but looked bemused and slightly embarrassed at the remark . Co-presenter Amanda Holden quickly chipped in kindly , saying : ` It 's a good one to have ' , regarding his nickname . Viewers reacted with amusement at the moment , which one person hailed ` the greatest Tourette 's TV moment of all time ' . During the interview , the couple discussed how after developing Tourette 's syndrome aged 21 , Miss Grant worried that she 'd never find a boyfriend who would put up with her inappropriate outbursts . But months later , she found the perfect match in her deaf partner Jordan , who simply switches off his hearing aid whenever she has a series of loud tics . She told Phillip and Amanda : ` The night before I 'd been out drinking , so I went to the shop to get a sandwich . ` I looked at a sandwich and I started shouting `` marshmallow '' and I thought `` this is a dodgy hangover '' . ` I picked up a bag of crisps and I started shouting `` marshmallow '' and `` Japan '' . I thought `` what the hell 's going on ? '' By the next day , Miss Grant , who had lived a totally normal life until this point , was involuntarily yelling swear words and racial insults and began lashing out with kicks and punches . Ellie Grant , 22 , was appearing on the show to discuss how she suddenly developed Tourette 's syndrome - and how she had found love with fiance Jordan - who is deaf . But she left presenter Phillip Schofield bemused and speechless after blurting out ` silver fox ' - his nickname - at him mid-interview . Co-presenter Amanda Holden quickly chipped in , kindly rubbing him on the back , saying : ` It 's a good one to have ' , regarding his nickname . Miss Grant , from Ironville , Nottinghamshire , was working as a community support worker when she started ` ticking ' while queuing in a supermarket last January . She found herself unable to stop blurting out ` marshmallow ' and immediately called her doctor for an appointment after she ran back to her car in shame . By the time she saw her GP the next day , her ticks had already increased ten-fold , and she began shouting words like ` n **** r ' - as well as ` Japan ' and ` I 'm a t ** t ' . ` My arms were smacking my face as I was sat there in the waiting room , ' she recalled . ` I was being horrible to everyone . There were a lot of swear words , and stuff like ` carry on looking at me and I 'll take you to Japan ' . It came on so quickly . ' Miss Grant was told she should see a specialist and , after MRI scans confirmed she was not suffering from brain damage , the family discovered she had Tourette 's . Miss Grant went on to develop OCD and anxiety , and gave up work as well as cutting herself off from friends and family and shutting herself away in her room . Viewers took to Twitter to express their amusement at the situation . But in late February last year , her aunt Annie took her out for a drink at her local pub , where she bumped into Mr Pettier . Miss Grant said : ` Jordan was in the pub and he was the only person not to look at me . Everyone else was laughing and looking and having conversations about me . ` I thought `` why is n't he ? '' . I went outside and he also came out . Then I saw his hearing aid and I started saying `` deaf , deaf '' - it was a new tick . Tourette 's syndrome is a neurological condition affecting the brain and nervous system that causes sufferers to make involuntary noises and movements called tics . Tics can be vocal - such as grunting , coughing or shouting - or physical -- such as the jerking of the head or jumping up and down . The exact cause of Tourette 's is unknown but it can come on suddenly , usually in children or teenagers , but also in adulthood . It is believed the condition is brought on by a problem with the basal ganglia , which are a group of specialised brain cells located deep inside the brain . It is thought that the problems may be caused by excessive levels of a naturally occurring chemical called dopamine . Another theory is that Tourette 's syndrome may be linked to an infection in which antibodies produced by the body to fight the infection interact with brain tissue , affecting the brain 's functioning . ` I was like `` oh god , I 'm sorry '' and he said `` I 'm deaf , it does n't matter what you said , I ca n't hear you '' . ` It was amazing and we just hit it off straight away . ' One of Miss Grant 's biggest fears was staying over at his house because her ticks continue through the night - but Mr Pettier immediately put her at ease . ` He said he turned off his hearing aid through the night so he would n't be able to hear me at all . I thought `` this is amazing '' , she said . ` I was keeping my mum up at night , but now the only person I keep up in the night is our dog . ' The pair moved in with each other in July and Mr Pettier is now a carer for Miss Grant , who suffers severe physical ticks , as well as her verbal outbursts . Mr Pettier , who has been 97 per cent deaf since contracting meningitis aged five , said : ` Meeting Ellie completed me . Her ticks were never a problem for me - I thought it was cute if I 'm being honest . ` I used to get frustrated not being able to hear things properly but we even each other out . ` Things I ca n't do like phone calls she does , things she ca n't do like chop food I do . I could never imagine life with out her now . ` As Ellie 's mum says we 're the ` Undateables ' and I would n't have it any other way . '