A husband shot his wife and another man in the motel room they were sharing before turning the gun on himself early Sunday morning , police say . The York County Coroner 's Office says 35-year-old Donnell Graham fatally shot his wife , Shaquana Graham and another man in a room at the Quality Inn in Springettsbury Township . The 33-year-old woman was found shot in the head while the other man , 25-year-old Kristopher Pittman , had been killed by gunshots to the chest . Scroll down for video . Tragedy : Police say a husband shot his wife and another man in the motel room they were sharing before turning the gun on himself early Sunday morning . Darryl Schock , a maintenance and security worker at the motel , told The York Daily Record that at least one of the individuals had checked into the room around 3 a.m. Schock said he was in the breakfast room around 9 a.m. when the guest staying in the room next to the one where the shooting occurred reported hearing gunshots . The guest noted they heard five shots , followed by a pause , which was followed by three more shots before hearing silence . They also stated they had seen a hole in the glass on the outside of the building , which Schock said he went to investigate . ` I seen a two-inch opening through the glass pane , ' said Schock . ` At that time I immediately called 911 . ' Investigation : Police believe 35-year-old Donnell Graham shot wife Shaquana Graham , 33 , and another man before fatally shooting himself in the head . Motel : At least one of the individuals checked in early Sunday morning before the gunshots were heard at about 9 a.m. Shots heard : Motel employee Darryl Schock said another guest staying in the room next door heard the gunshots and reported seeing a bullet hole in the glass . The motel is located near the city of York in central Pennsylvania , where the Grahams were from . Pittman was a resident of Baltimore . Perry Patel , the owner of the Quality Inn , told the Daily Record he could n't recall another shooting or similar incident in the 15 years he 's operated the business . ` It 's sad to hear something like that , ' he said .