Thousands of motorists have been fined or had their cars towed away after falling foul of new rules following the switch to digital tax discs . Many are buying used cars unaware that the old paper documents are now automatically cancelled when a vehicle changes hands . Ignorant that they must fork out for a new digital one -- even if the existing paper disc is months from expiry -- rising numbers of drivers are falling prey to clampers . Scroll down for video . Thousands of law-abiding motorists have had their cars clamped because they were unaware of major vehicle tax rule changes . File photo . Critics allege that the DVLA has been operating a ` money-making scam ' after figures yesterday showed clamping soared after the paperless system was introduced in October last year . Many say the authority was too quick to penalise motorists without first warning that their car was not taxed . Drivers have faced bills of up to £ 800 to get their impounded vehicles back . The Government abolished the paper tax disc -LRB- pictured -RRB- last autumn . The DVLA was accused of ` heavy-handed and Draconian ' behaviour yesterday after figures showed its use of clamping rocketed by 60 per cent from about 5,000 vehicles a month before the changes to 8,630 last month . With no right to appeal against the fines to an independent body , drivers have little choice but to pay up . The DVLA is estimated to be making millions of pounds a year because it receives double road tax payment -- from both the seller and the buyer . Christopher and Marianna Webb , from Bridport , Dorset , were hit with an £ 822 bill to get their Ford Focus back after returning from holiday to find it had been impounded for non-payment of vehicle excise duty . The couple decided to swap their cars with each other and informed the DVLA of the change in ownership , without realising it meant the tax for both vehicles would be cancelled . Mr Webb , 56 , told The Guardian : ` I feel they are very heavy-handed . Why did they not send a reminder letter ? ' Pete Hallam , whose car was also clamped , said : ` This is shady practice and reminiscent of the car parking wheel clampers a few years ago . It is a money-making scam . ' Paul Watters of the AA said there had been only limited publicity from the DVLA about the changes to the vehicle tax system . ` There are a lot of people who are not aware of this -- some may think they are covered because they see there is a tax disc on the windscreen , ' he said . ` Clamping is quite heavy-handed and Draconian . Before they clamp they should try to get in touch with these people if they can . ' A DVLA spokesman said : ` The changes have been widely publicised and we write to every vehicle keeper to remind them of the new rules before the vehicle tax expires . ` We also write to every new vehicle keeper when they buy a used vehicle to inform them that they must tax the vehicle before they use it . ` In addition , if a driver does not tax their car we will send a warning letter to remind them to tax as they are at risk of enforcement action . '