The Premier for Western Australia has sparked outrage after saying ` some good ' has come out of the year-long search for the missing Malaysia Airline plane . Colin Barnett made the comments which drew sighs of disbelief from the audience at the launch of a new blueprint for marine science in Western Australia yesterday , WAToday reports . Search parties have not been successful in recovering MH370 since it disappeared on March 8 last year . This comes as the wife of an Australian passenger on MH370 spoke of her heartache , revealing she is yet to tell her children why their father has n't come home . Scroll down for video . Colin Barnett , the Premier for Western Australian -LRB- pictured -RRB- , has sparked outrage after saying ` some good ' has come out of the year-long search for missing Malaysia Airline . Search parties have not been successful in recovering MH370 since it disappeared on March 8 last year . Its more than a year since the day Perth father Paul Weeks -LRB- right -RRB- boarded the Beijing-bound flight in Kuala Lumpur . But his wife Danica Weeks -LRB- left -RRB- is still at a loss about what to tell her young boys . ` Sometimes knowledge can come from unexpected sources , ' Mr Barnett said yesterday . ` While that -LSB- the MH370 disappearance -RSB- is a great human tragedy there will be some good come out of it and the knowledge of the deep sea , and the seabed conditions will probably exceed anywhere in the world . ' He continued to say that volcanoes have been discovered as well as fresh water lakes and waterfalls . Mr Barnett also added the search has helped uncover ` features of the marine bed that many did not believe was likely to exist ' . The search of missing Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 continues a year after its disappearance . The search party watches the launch of the Phoenix Autonomous Underwater Vehicle -LRB- AUV -RRB- as part of the search operation for MH370 . A crewman of an RAAF AP-3C Orion aircraft looks out his observation window whilst searching for missing flight MH370 . HMAS Perth transits through the Southern Indian Ocean searching for debris from MH370 . Its more than a year since the day Perth father Paul Weeks boarded the Beijing-bound flight in Kuala Lumpur . But his wife Danica Weeks is still at a loss about what to tell her young boys - and where their beloved father has gone . Ms Weeks said despite being advised by people that she needs to tell Lincoln , 4 , and Jack , 2 , what happened to him , she refuses to lie to their sons and will wait until the truth is discovered . Flight MH370 vanished on March 8 , 2014 while travelling from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing with 239 people on board - among the passengers was Mr Weeks . The plane dropped off the civilian radar after its transponder and other equipment were switched off shortly after takeoff from Kuala Lumpur . It was then tracked by Malaysia 's military radar heading towards the Indian Ocean .