Obese children in one Chinese school are being helped to get back into shape by special gym lessons - called ` Kung Fu Panda ' classes . Around 50 obese pupils at Jianxin Primary School , in China 's eastern Zhejiang province , are put through their paces by instructors every day after school to help them lose weight . The Kung Fu Panda classes were set up after a survey showed that 5 per cent of its 858 students were obese , with one 11-year-old pupil weighing in at 180 lbs , reports The People 's Daily Online . Around 50 obese children from Jianxin Primary School , in eastern China , are being sent to special Kung Fu Panda classes in order to help them lose weight . Teachers set up the lessons after a survey revealed 5 per cent of the school 's 800 pupils were obese , including one 11-year-old who weighs 180 lbs . While some of the exercises may appear grueling , instructors say they are focused on making fitness fun , and also work with parents to help control the pupils ' weights . Despite some grueling-looking exercises appearing in these pictures , the school insists that the classes focus on making fitness fun . The lessons are named after the Dreamworks film of the same name , in which an overweight panda becomes a Kung Fu master . School Principal Yan Xue told reporters from Urban Express Newspaper : ` When a child is obese there are serious negative health consequences . ` The child could also develop a lack of self-confidence as well as the possibility of being socially excluded . ` Diabetes and high blood pressure are also risks therefore the issue of obesity must be tackled at an early stage . ' The school says teachers have been asked to keep an eye on their students ' weights , and inform parents if they start to pile on the pounds . The school 's headmaster said he wanted to tackle the issue of obesity to stop the children developing health problems in later life , and becoming socially isolated . The Kung Fu Panda classes , which inspectors say are aimed at making fitness fun , are named after a Dreamworks film of the same name in which an overweight panda becomes a kung fu master . Teachers at the school have also been told to monitor each child 's weight , and will report back to their parents if they start piling on the pounds . Class instructor Wang Tao added : ` Children 's exercise classes are different to adults . We do not want to make the children afraid or hate coming to the lessons . ` We foster a relaxed atmosphere where the children can enjoy themselves so even if they are a bit noisy we wo n't stop them . ` After just 3 weeks of Kung Fu Panda classes there have been a number of students who have seen visible differences in their physiques take place , this is also the result of our close cooperation with the families . ' He added that since setting the classes up they have become extremely popular , including with the senior girls . One of the fitness instructors said that , since setting up the classes , they have even become popular with children of a healthy weight , especially the older girls . Pupils complete star jumps during a Kung Fu Panda fitness class at a school in eastern China . The school has also enlisted the help of a nutritionist to help the pupils maintain a healthy weight . Principle Yan added : ` This is an important stage of a child 's development and we are giving them the best nutritional advice from a scientific perspective which will help them control their weight but also not affect their physical development . ` We ask parents to list their weekly food they give their children and our nutritionist will give individual advice on their choices . ' The classes have been so successful that they are now going to be used as a model for other schools throughout the city . According to the World Health Organisation , obesity in China is a major problem , with rates of the illness reaching 20 per cent in some cities . Obesity rates in China have shot up dramatically in a generation as most of the country was in the grip of a famine just 50 years ago .