A white supremacist gunned down his gay boss for sexually abusing one of his young relatives , he told the court during his first appearance on Tuesday . ` Doing time 's the easy part , you know what I 'm saying ? ' Kenneth Morgan Stancil III , 20 , said as he was ushered out of the courtroom in Daytona Beach , Florida . He is accused of walking into Wayne County Community College in Goldsboro , North Carolina on Monday and killing his former supervisor , Ronald Lane , 44 , before fleeing on a motorbike . He was arrested more than 500 miles away early on Tuesday after officers found him sleeping on a Florida beach . He will be extradited back to North Carolina to face a charge of open murder . Scroll down for video . In court : Kenneth Stancil , pictured in court on Tuesday , said he ` ridded one last child molester from the Earth ' as he appeared before the judge in Daytona Beach , Florida . He is accused of killing his former boss . Outspoken : Even though he was advised of his right to remain silent , he reportedly admitted to the killing . On Tuesday , he appeared relaxed in the courtroom and , despite the judge advising him he had the right to remain silent , he admitted to the killing , WRAL reported . He confessed to the shooting in an obscenity-laced statement , saying he ` ridded one last child molester from the Earth ' , according to the station . He said Lane , who had been his supervisor at the college 's print shop until Stancil was fired last month , had been ` messing with ' one of Stancil 's family members . Stancil did not file a report about the alleged molestation with local authorities , according to the Wayne County sheriff 's office . After Stancil was denied bond , he told the judge he did not blame him for the decision , and he was assigned a public defender . The 20-year-old had been a work-study student who reported to Lane , but he was dismissed from the program in March because of too many absences , according to the college . Arrested : Stancil , left , shot dead his former work-study supervisor Ron Lane , right . The student , who was close to completing his three-year welding course with top marks , was dismissed from his job last month . By his side : Stancil 's mother Debbie , pictured at his graduation , said Lane had made unwanted sexual comments towards her son , but she denied her son 's claim that Lane had abused a young relative . Tragedy : Lane is pictured right with his long-term boyfriend , Chuck Tobin , who took his life last year . Police have said they are investigating the shooting as a possible hate crime . Authorities would not elaborate but they confirmed Lane was gay . They are also investigating Stancil 's possible links with white supremacist groups . On Facebook , he describes his interests as ` white pride ' and calls himself the ` White Knight ' . He also has multiple white supremacist tattoos across his body , including ` Brother Hood ` across his neck and ' 88 ' beneath his eye . The number eight represents the eighth letter in the alphabet - H - and so is 88 understood to stand for ` Heil Hitler ' . But his mother has claimed her son 's tattoos marked a wannabe rather than someone with neo-Nazi beliefs . Lane had worked at the college for 18 years . His boyfriend of 12 years , Chuck Tobin , took his life last July after leaving their home and his remains were found in November . Stancil 's mother , Debbie , has claimed that Lane had fired her son without notice and claimed that he had ` made inappropriate sexual advances toward ' him . Remembered : Students gather at a memorial at Wayne Community College for Ron Lane on Tuesday . Memorial : Flowers are seen at a makeshift memorial for Lane , who had worked at the college for 18 years . ` He was verbally inappropriate with -LSB- him -LSB- at school . Very much verbally inappropriate , ' she said . ` He would tell him to stop and he kept on . ' But she said she knows the relative was not sexually abused by Lane , as Stancil claimed in court , because the child and Lane had never met . She said she believes her son made the accusations because he is ` rattled and confused ' . She also said that her son never recovered after finding his father in the backyard when he had killed himself in 2009 , and said he was angry after being dismissed from his campus job . ` He had a moment of insanity , ' she told the Associated Press . ` I do n't know . He just snapped . That is not my son . He 's probably out of his mind . I think he needs mental help . ' Stancil had no criminal record before the shooting . Take over : A military style SWAT vehicle from the Johnston County Sheriff 's Office arrived at the college after the 8 am shooting on Monday . It is believed that Stancil targeted Lane before fleeing the building . Evacuated : Students were seen congregating in the college parking lot on Monday morning . Swoop : Authorities enter the home Stancil shares with his mother and two younger brothers on Monday . He was on the school 's dean 's list with a grade point average of 3.6 or better and due to graduate in July with a degree in welding technology , the school said . He was a Boy Scout who wrote in the letter he left explaining his deed that he still hoped to marry his girlfriend , his mother said . After fleeing the scene on Monday , Stancil was arrested at 1.20 am on Tuesday in Daytona Beach , Florida as a massive manhunt continued in North Carolina . He was taken into custody after deputies from the Volusia County Beach Patrol approached him for violating an ordinance that prohibits sleeping on the beach . ` I can say with confidence that Mr. Stancil had a calculated plan , and he carried out that plan , ' Goldsboro police Sergeant Jeremy Sutton said during a Tuesday news conference .