A British couple tying the knot are to break two records as they become the oldest ever newlyweds , with a combined age of 195 , and the UK 's most elderly groom at 103 . George Kirby and 91-year-old Doreen Luckie from Eastbourne , East Sussex , will marry after first getting together 27 years ago in 1988 . George said : ` I suppose it 's about time , really . I definitely do n't feel my age . Doreen keeps me young . Scroll down for video . George Kirby and 91-year-old Doreen Luckie from Eastbourne , East Sussex , will marry after first getting together 27 years ago in 1988 . George , currently 102 , proposed on Valentine 's Day and will marry for the third time on June 13 - getting hitched to Doreen in front of 60 guests . ` I did n't get down on one knee , because I do n't think I would have been able to get back up . ' Between them they have had seven children , 15 grandchildren and seven great-grandchildren . They finally decided to make the union official by giving into pressure from their elderly children . George , currently 102 , proposed on Valentine 's Day and will marry for the third time on June 13 - getting hitched to Doreen in front of 60 guests . Doreen said : ` I wo n't be much of a blushing bride , but I 'm getting a bit giddy thinking about it . ' On their wedding day , the pair will have a combined age of 194 years and 281 days - smashing the previous world record of 188 years set by a couple in 2013 . Photo of George Kirby -LRB- left -RRB- during his career as a boxer . He won every single one of the 60 fights he entered during his life but gave up lifting dumbbells at the age of 90 . The pair , started courting in the 1988 , when they met through an organisation to find friends for mature people . George , then 76 , had just got divorced while Doreen , who lived in Staplehurst , Kent , had sadly become a widow three years earlier following 36 years of marriage . She said : ` He used to come to my house . We got on straight away . He liked the roses in my front garden . ' George Kirby and his fiance Doreen Luckie pictured in the 1980 's when they met through an organisation to find friends for mature people . The couple quickly became an item and set up home together in 1990 , but George only proposed to her on this February 14 . George said : ` We were having dinner and I asked Doreen if she wanted to be married to me for a short time . I was so happy that she said yes . ' The pair will get married at the Langham Hotel , owned by George 's son Neil , where they have lived since 2013 . Neil , 63 , who will be best man , said : ` We 've adopted Doreen as our mum and we 're delighted that she 's going to become a Kirby . ` We 're thrilled that they are going to get married in front of all their proud friends and family . ` Also , it 's about time my dad has finally made an honest woman out of her . ' George was born in London in June 1912 and joined the RAF as a physical education instructor in 1933 , where he stayed for 25 years . He was a passionate and talented boxer , winning every single one of the 60 fights he entered during his life . He finally gave up work , and lifting dumbbells , at the age of 94 , although continued to tend Doreen 's garden in Kent . Doreen was born in Brixton in September 1923 and spent much of her career as a shorthand typist for the Director of Public Prosecutions at Temple , where she worked on transcripts for the cases of the Kray twins and Moors murderers Ian Brady and Myra Hindley . Sprightly Doreen keeps herself in shape by doing yoga classes on the seafront every week . Instead of wedding presents , the pair would like to raise as much money as they can for their chosen charities - the Royal Air Forces Association and the Women 's Royal Naval Service . In 2009 , Geroge was guest of honour at the Army London Regiment at a dinner and charity boxing match . The current Guinness World Record for the oldest newly married couple belongs to Francois Fernandez and Madeleine Francineau . The current Guinness World Record for the oldest newly married couple belongs to Francois Fernandez and Madeleine Francineau , who tied the knot with a combined age of 190 years and 126 days . A Guinness World Records spokeswoman said : ` We are excited to hear of this incredible marriage and would urge the family to file a Guinness World Records application so we can make their achievement official . ' However , George said : ` We 're not doing it for the record , we 're getting married because we 're in love and it seems like the right thing to do . ' George said : ` We 're not doing it for the record , we 're getting married because we 're in love and it seems like the right thing to do '