A vigilante group has taken to the streets of Brisbane , spray-painting over offensive slogans on the side of campervans which they claim promotes violence against women . Close to 150 protesters gathered on Saturday afternoon to rally against van hire company Wicked Campers , after the brand failed remove ` sexist ' paintings from their vans including the slogan , ` In every princess , there 's a little sl * t who wants to try it just once ' . The Brisbane-based company came under fire last year after over 120,000 Australians petitioned to have slogans eliminated from the fleet , prompting the company 's CEO John Webb to promise in July last year to remove the slogans within six months . Over 120,000 people signed the petition to remove the offensive slogans in 2014 . Members of the Wicked Pickets protest group have started painting over slogans which they say are offensive . Wicked Pickets , a community action group , decided to take justice into their own hands after the company failed to live up to its promise , painting over slogans they have slammed as misogynistic and violent . ` We just want to make the point that sexist slogans like the ones on Wicked Campers might seem funny but actually contribute to sexual and physical violence against women , ' Wicked Picket 's spokesperson , Liz Upham , told Daily Mail Australia . Slogans found on the vans include , ` A wife : An attachment you screw on the bed to get the housework done ' , ` I would n't trust anything that bleeds for five days and does n't die ' , and ` Your thighs wo n't touch if my head 's between them ' . The vans also feature cartoon paintings of novelty penises , breasts with the slogan ` Random Breast Testing ' , and sexualised images of men and women . Wicked Camper 's CEO John Webb apologised for the offense the vans had caused many members of the community , and invited ` anybody who feels strongly offended by a slogan to either paint or tape over it ' . Up to 150 women attended the rally in Brisbane on Saturday afternoon to protest the company 's slogans . The women have started arming themselves with spray paint and removing the slogans . The members of Wicked Pickets have taken this literally , arming themselves with spray cans and painting over Wicked Camper slogans as they find them . ` I guess it 's illegal but we continually quote the fact that Webb invited us to paint the vans , which is our reasoning , along with trying to make a statement that these are not acceptable slogans , ' said Ms Upham . '30 women have died at the hands of male partners this year so far . It might seem like long bow to draw but when there are vans driving around saying that a wife is attachment to screw in the bedroom and suggesting it 's all right to kidnap a women , it is really making a subtle suggestion that women are only good for sex and getting housework done , ' she said . ` The fact that Wicked Campers are still driving around with slogans that encourage rape and violence does n't seem possible . I 'm appalled that there is no law to control this . ' Ms Upham , who attended the rally on Saturday with her daughter , said that the slogans were extremely harmful for young people and female backpackers who were driving the vans . She said that the slogans were so offensive that emails she and the other organisers had been exchanging which contained the phrases had been continually blocked . ` It 's is outrageous that these slogans are so offensive that they can not be sent and can not be expressed without starring in word form in the media , and yet they are out in public for anyone to see , ' she said . Some of the slogans include ` I can already imagine the gaffa tape on your mouth ' , and ` Flash your t ** s at the driver ' . This Wicked Campers van said ` Random Breast Testing ' on the side . A vigilante spray painted over the offensive slogan after CEO John Webb invited those angered to take action . Wicked Camper 's CEO John Webb invited ` anybody who feels strongly offended by a slogan to either paint or tape over it ' - . She said that she had been forced to explain to her daughter some of the concepts of the slogans , which were very adult and inappropriate for her daughter 's age . ` Female backpackers are really at risk as they pre-book the vans and then drive around with these slogans for men to read about them . I think it 's putting all women at risk both locally and those from overseas , ' she said . She said that she was afraid members of the community would see the activism as ` women being wowsers ' , but that if people looked closely at the slogans they were shocked . ` I want to make the point that we are completely supportive of fun slogans on vans that are n't sexist , demeaning , offensive or violent , ' Ms Upham said . ` When people read the slogans on the vans they are horrified . ' Mr Webb said in his statement that the brand was a ` strong proponent of free speech and pushing the limits of humour -- we are a ` cash for chaos ' kind of company . ' ` We are a small company , with eclectic , creative and multi-cultural staff . It is impossible for us to conceive that a throw-away message written on a van could have such far-reaching implications for the community at large , ' he said . The Australian Advertising Standards Board have upheld complaints but have not been able to demand the ads be removed . Attorney-General Jarrod Bleijie said that a parliamentary inquiry had been set up ` to look into current regulation of outdoor advertising in Queensland ' ` Bear in mind however , many of the images presented in the media of our vehicles are from up to 8 years ago , and the vehicles simply do not exist anymore . ' Ms Upham said that despite the claims that many of the offending vans were not circulating , members of Wicked Pickets had painted over vans , only to see them restored and on the roads at a later stage . ` One of our supporters painted over an offensive slogan and it was put back again , ' she said . Ms Upham said that the group 's next move would be to seek a meeting with Queensland Attorney-General Yvette D'Ath to begin the process of introducing a law to ban the slogans . While Mr Webb voluntarily announced his decision to remove the slogans , there is no law to enforce the removal , as the Australian Advertising Standards Board have upheld complaints but have not been able to demand the ads be removed . Last year Attorney-General Jarrod Bleijie said that a parliamentary inquiry had been set up ` to look into current regulation of outdoor advertising in Queensland ' . It would look ` whether reform is needed to protect children from being exposed to sexually explicit and inappropriate outdoor advertising ' , Mr Bleijie told The Sunshine Coast Daily .