A university student from Kosovo has become an internet celebrity thanks to his uncanny likeness to Zayn Malik . Flamur Ukshini , 23 , from the Kosovan capital of Pristina , is in his final year studying Business Informatics and also works as a part time model . But thanks to his eerie similarity to the One Direction singer , he boasts almost 40,000 followers on his Instagram page . Scroll down for video . Flamur Ukshini , 23 , -LRB- left -RRB- from the Kosovan capital of Pristina has got almost 40,000 fans on Instagram thanks to his likeness to Zayn Malik -LRB- right -RRB- . Every picture that Flamur posts on his Instagram page is immediately fawned over by legions of Directioners and most of his photos have been liked thousands of times . Apart from his good looks , Flamur is an average 20-something man , but thanks to his physical similarity to Zayn , Flamur is often stopped in the street and asked for photos by adoring teens . He told FEMAIL : ` In the beginning I did n't realise we looked the same , because I did n't know him . ` But when people on the street wanted to take pictures with me I was surprised , but then I started to realise that I look very much like somebody I do n't know and who has to be famous . ' Every picture that Flamur posts is immediately fawned over by legions of Directioners . Thousands of 1D fans ` like ' Flamur 's photos and comments on his likeness to the singer . Flamur added : ` It started to happen when they got famous and when I started to post pictures on Instagram . ' Since then , Flamur has started modelling and in under a year he had built up a busy portfolio . But the main bulk of his attention still comes form the fans who follow his every move on social media . Flamur is a university student but also works as a part time model . He said : ` They try to contact me daily . I get messages on Instagram and on all of the social networks . ` First I was surprised , because so many people were interested in my looks - sometimes the messages make me smile , the messages from the female fans . ` They make jokes about it , but in a positive way . Anyway I feel blessed to look like him . ` One female fan did text me , `` why travel to London to meet Zayn , if we can hang out in our country with a same handsome looking guy '' . ' Until recently , Zayn Malik was a member of the boyband one Direction . Flamur has an uncanny likeness to the boyband member .