Lazio coach Stefano Pioli is excited about the enthusiasm in his squad but has told his players to keep their feet on the ground ahead of Sunday 's home game against Empoli . The Biancoceleste are riding a seven-game winning streak in Serie A and won 1-0 at Napoli on Wednesday to reach their eighth Coppa Italia final . Senad Lulic 's late goal gave Lazio a 2-1 aggregate win and set up a meeting with Juventus in the final on June 7 in Rome . Lazio manager Stefano Pioli expressed his pride in his squad but said there is still a lot of work to be done . Lazio 's Senad Lulic -LRB- right -RRB- scores a late winner against Napoli to secure a place in the Coppa Italia final . The Biancoceleste players celebrate reaching the club 's eighth Coppa Italia final on Wednesday evening . ` My team handed in a great performance at Napoli and it was n't easy to win there , ' Pioli said to the Italian press . ` I have fantastic players , who are united and willing to make sacrifices for the good of the team . ` We have achieved an important objective in reaching the final but we have won nothing yet . ` Compliments are lovely , but we are only halfway there . ' The Biancoceleste won 3-1 at Cagliari last weekend to remain third in the standings . The top three sides at the end of the season will qualify for the Champions League . Lazio are one point adrift of city rivals Roma with nine games remaining . Arsenal and Liverpool target Felipe Anderson -LRB- centre -RRB- tussles for the ball with Napoli 's Walter Gargano . Felipe Anderson -LRB- right -RRB- was watched by Manchester United representatives during Wednesday 's semi-final . ` We want to continue our good run in Serie A , ' Pioli said . ` We want to aim for the maximum this season and that is to win every single game . ' Pioli will have to make some changes to the side with defender Dusan Basta and midfielder Mauricio both suspended , while goalkeeper Federico Marchetti will miss this weekend 's game after fracturing his nose in midweek . Etrit Berisha will replace Marchetti in goal . Empoli travel to the Italian capital looking to clinch only their second win on the road this season . The Tuscan outfit fell 2-0 at Juventus on Saturday to see their eight-match unbeaten run halted . Empoli , coached by Maurizio Sarri , are 14th in the standings , 11 points clear of the drop zone . Sarri will have all of his players available , with the exception of injured striker Simone Verdi .