The founder of Poundland who grew up with the family motto ` if you do n't work you do n't eat ' has revealed how he gave his parents £ 25million when he sold the company -- but still relies on pocket money from his wife . Steve Smith , 52 , grew up helping his father run a stall at Bilston market in the West Midlands , and opened his first Poundland shop in Burton-upon-Trent at the age of 18 in 1990 . The venture was an overnight success and he became a self-made millionaire when he sold the company for a staggering £ 50million 10 years later . Scroll down for video . Steve Smith , 52 , -LRB- pictured outside his £ 6.5 million Shropshire mansion -RRB- opened his first Poundland shop in Burton-upon-Trent at the age of 18 in 1990 and sold the firm 10 years later for a staggering £ 50million . When he sold Poundland -LRB- pictured -RRB- in 2000 , Mr Smith gave half of his profits - £ 25million - to his parents . He said he wanted to repay his father 's initial loan of £ 50,000 which helped him start the company at just 18 . Today , Mr Smith lives in a 13-bedroom mansion in Shropshire , which comes complete with its own swimming pool , snooker room and pub , having successfully launched poundshop.com - an online version of Poundland . Yet , he still receives ` pocket money ' from his wife Tracy , with whom he has three children : Joe , Ashley and Katie . He told The Telegraph : ` On a day-to-day basis my wife gives me a little pocket money . The problem with me is that if I have any cash on me I spend it , so she 'll give me about £ 10 or £ 20 a day . ' His daily hand-out is a fraction of his estimated £ 40million worth , having successfully invested his money in other business ventures and property since making his fortune in the 1990s . With more than 500 stores in the UK - more than double the number it had five years ago -- Poundland has gone from strength-to-strength selling everything from toys to toiletries , stationery to shampoo and bread to biscuits . But Mr Smith decided to sell his firm in 2000 and gave his parents half of the profit from the sale when he did so . He said he wanted to repay his father 's initial loan of £ 50,000 which helped him start the company . He told the newspaper : ` The first thing I did was give my mum and dad half of it . My dad had lent me £ 50,000 to start the company so I suppose it was a good return for him . ` If it were n't for my dad learning the trade and passing it on to me then it would n't have happened . ' He previously said he knew Poundland would be a success because ` people love a bargain ' . He said : ` They love the unknown . They liked to rummage . ` In Poundland , we bought stock from all over the world -- golf clubs , fantastic products . It was great value for money , and that is what motivates me . I love giving the public value for money . ' As well as sharing his wealth among his family , Mr Smith also used part of his Poundland profits to snap up Hammer Hill House , a sprawling mansion near Bridgnorth , Shropshire , 14 years ago . Mr Smith , 52 , lives in a 13-bedroom mansion in Shropshire , which comes complete with its own swimming pool , snooker room , pub , five grand reception rooms , dancefloor , helicopter bed and 30 acres of countryside . Despite his wealth , Mr Smith has admitted that he still receives ` pocket money ' from his wife Tracy , with whom he has three children : Joe , Ashley and Katie . Pictured : Inside the mansion he shares with his family . Mr Smith used part of his Poundland profits to snap up Hammer Hill House , a sprawling mansion near Bridgnorth , Shropshire , 14 years ago . He has since spent millions doubling the size of the 15,000 sq.ft house . His 13-bedroom home also features an indoor swimming pool , a helicopter pad and five reception rooms . The property was originally designed by Sir Bertram Clough Williams-Ellis , who famously created the Italianate village of Portmeirion in North Wales . But after Mr Smith moved in , he soon started to put his own spin on it and set out to double the size of the house . The mansion is now 15,000 sq.ft . with 80 windows and boasts its own indoor swimming pool , helicopter pad , indoor dancefloor with disco lights , a snooker room , five reception rooms and an 18-seat walnut dining table . Set in almost 30 acres of rolling countryside , there is also a host of expensive vehicles parked outside the property including a white Rolls-Royce . Mr Smith recently put the property on the market , having spent millions refurbishing it , as he and his wife want to downsize now their children are reaching their late teens and twenties . He said : ` The house is very special to us and it will be a real wrench for us to leave . ` We began refurbishing the home in 2000 and finally finished it in 2007 . It was a real labour of love and no expense was spared . Mr Smith is particularly pleased with his full bar -LRB- pictured -RRB- in his mansion . He said : ` I especially love our home pub with a fully stocked bar . It 's really unique and we 've had some great parties there . ' Set in almost 30 acres of rolling countryside , his mansion also boasts its own indoor swimming pool , helicopter pad , dancefloor with lights , a snooker room , reception rooms and an 18-seat walnut dining table . With more than 500 stores in the UK - more than double the number it had five years ago -- Poundland has gone from strength-to-strength , making Mr Smith a self-made millionaire . Pictured : His Shropshire mansion . Mr Smith recently put his sprawling mansion on the market for £ 6.5 million , having spent millions refurbishing it , as he and his wife want to downsize now their children are older and moving into their own homes . ` I especially love our home pub with a fully stocked bar . It 's really unique and we 've had some great parties there . ' The multi-millionaire is selling his home via his own property investment company called Estates Direct - an online house-selling service that aims to cut out ` rip-off ' estate agents and their fees . He estimates that he has saved the public over £ 2million , breaking it down to a saving of about £ 3,000 per home , with the estate agency service . ` I love hearing they have spent the money on something like a new kitchen instead , ' he said . Despite his flash purchases , saving money is something which Mr Smith still does himself too . He claims to still fly economy class when he can and considers value-for-money when he is present buying . Speaking of a previous thrifty Christmas present for his wife , he said : ` My wife loves jewellery . So I bought her a lovely ... Jewellery cleaner . She loves it . It was £ 120 , very good value . '