Marylin Stoneman , pictured leaving court , stole more than £ 22,000 from her vulnerable victim to fund her gambling addiction . A gambling addict stole more than £ 22,000 from her grandmother 's 98-year-old partner to blow on her scratchcard habit , a court heard . Marylin Stoneman had been entrusted with the vulnerable victim 's pin number , cheque books and bank cards to manage his financial affairs after he went into care at Cedar House , Rothley . But the court heard that she abused that trust and began withdrawing up to £ 200 a day to feed her gambling habit . The 64-year-old admitted stealing £ 22,650 from the elderly victim but was ordered to pay back just £ 1,350 - which was all that remained of the stolen funds . The theft was discovered after the deputy manager of the care home became suspicious that Stoneman 's step-grandfather , Douglas Woodrow , was receiving a number of letters from the bank . On August 19 , he asked a member of staff to open one of the letters which indicated the victim had no money left in his accounts . The care home alerted Lloyds Bank in Loughborough , where they noticed unauthorised cash withdrawals had taken place from July 2013 and the police were contacted . Leicester Crown Court heard that Stoneman was ` solely responsible ' and ` had been waiting for the police . ' She had also taken an overdose as a result , the court heard . The devastated victim , who had gone into the care home in Leicestershire after a number of falls , said he felt angry and betrayed by Stoneman . In a statement read to the court , Mr Woodrow said : ` She has stole money from my bank account which is my life savings . It is what I have paid for my care . ` I am so angry she has taken everything . I am angry at everyone . It has really hurt me . ` I have worked hard all my life to be left with nothing . ` I ca n't trust anyone . ' Defending Stoneman , who has no previous convictions , Vasanti Vaitha said : ` It was a relief when the police knocked on the door . She had been waiting for it for a long time . ` She does take full responsibility - and realises the impact it has had on the family . Stoneman had been entrusted with the vulnerable victim 's financial affairs after he went into care at Cedar House , Rothley . ` This offence occurred from a gambling addiction while she was looking after the victim 's finances . Her gambling spiralled out of control . ` She tried to take her own life . ' Judge Michael Fowler said : ` I know you understand the meanness and seriousness of what you have done . ` It is more serious that Mr Woodrow trusted you . And the fact the funds you took were funds he had accumulated over his life and depended on them to some extent to pay for his care home fees . ` I ca n't ignore the fact that addictions do exist and there is no other motivation . ' She was handed a suspended sentence of two years with 200 hours of unpaid work and be part of a supervision requirement for 18 months . The judge also stated that £ 1,350 would be confiscated for compensation and any sums recovered in the future should be paid to Mr Woodrow . Stoneman was handed a suspended sentence of two years with 200 hours of unpaid work at Leicester Crown Court .