Sacked : But Jeremy Clarkson will not face prosecution over the incident which got him sacked from Top Gear . Jeremy Clarkson will not face prosecution over the attack on a Top Gear producer which led to him being sacked from the hit BBC show . Police had opened an investigation into the incident , which took place at a hotel in Hawes , North Yorkshire last month after Clarkson had been filming Top Gear in the area . However , after the victim Oisin Tymon said that he did not want to press charges , officers have now decided to drop the probe without taking action against Clarkson . A North Yorkshire Police spokesman said : ` North Yorkshire Police has now completed its routine enquiries following the incident at Hawes involving Mr Jeremy Clarkson , and we will not be pursuing this matter any further . ` North Yorkshire Police takes a thorough and victim-led approach to all investigations . ` Last week , the person at the centre of the incident , Mr Tymon , said that he did not wish the police to take action on his behalf . ` However , at that point we still needed to speak to some members of the public who were present at the time of the incident , who had been affected by the event , and whose views also needed to be considered . ` Now that all the interviews are complete , we have properly established that there is no need for further police action . ' The incident , described as a ` fracas ' by BBC officials , occurred when Clarkson discovered that the hotel where he was staying could not serve him a hot meal following a day 's filming . An official report found that the 54-year-old presenter punched Mr Tymon in the mouth before being dragged away by a witness , causing the producer to go to a & e for emergency treatment . He also verbally abused him for 20 minutes , blaming Mr Tymon for failing to ensure that he could get a steak at the hotel . Victim : Oisin Tymon told police he did not wish to press charges against Mr Clarkson . Mr Clarkson was suspended as Top Gear presenter as soon as news of the fight came to light , and after the report was released the BBC announced that it would not renew his contract . He has repeatedly apologised to Mr Tymon both in public and privately , and the producer told North Yorkshire Police he did not want to see Mr Clarkson prosecuted . Despite his sacking , Mr Clarkson is set to take part in a series of Top Gear Live shows alongside co-presenters Richard Hammond and James May , although the performances will be rebranded . The BBC has said that Top Gear is likely to continue in some form , but Mr Hammond and Mr May are not expected to return . The star initially received widespread public support - including from his friend , Prime Minister David Cameron - in the aftermath of the incident , while one million people signed a petition calling for the BBC to reinstate him . Trio : Mr Clarkson is still set to appear in Top Gear live shows alongside Richard Hammond and James May . But director-general Tony Hall said ` a line has been crossed ' and that ` there can not be one rule for one and one rule for another ' . Lord Hall has faced death threats since he announced that Mr Clarkson would be sacked , and has had bodyguards assigned to protect him and his family . It is not yet known what Mr Clarkson 's next move will be - he has been linked with a move to another channel , while the decision to continue the live shows has prompted speculation that he could continue to work with Mr Hammond and Mr May . It has also been suggested that Top Gear boss Andy Wilman , a childhood friend of Mr Clarkson , could be leaving the show , after an email to staff which was widely interpreted as a farewell to Top Gear was leaked last week . Last week it emerged that Mr Hammond and Mr May were each selling off several classic motorbikes from their extensive collections . The 12 cycles have a guide price estimate of £ 66,000 , but the novelty value could push up the price far beyond that - though Mr May insisted the sale was not linked to Mr Clarkson 's dismissal . The co-presenter has mocked his own newfound unemployment since the incident , recently posting a video of cooking tips in which he instructs viewers how to make a shepherd 's pie .