After decades of snapping at the heels of rival Marks & Spencer , Next has overtaken the company on profits . And now the High Street giant appears to have come up with a foolproof plan for staying in the lead when it comes to womenswear . Britain 's biggest fashion retailer has an impressive line in designer copies selling for a fraction of the price of the big labels . So if you love the Mulberry Bayswater tote , but wince at the eye-watering price tag , you can pick up a looky-likey from Next . Or if you fancy yourself in a Victoria Beckham-style armband shift dress , but would n't remortgage your home to pay for it , the Next version could be just the ticket . Scroll down for video . VICTORIA BECKHAM had a hit with this armband shift dress -LRB- victoria beckham.com -RRB- . Next 's compact cut-out shoulder dress is a fraction of the price . And it 's not just designer clothes that the company is expert at emulating . It also does its own versions of high-end homeware that wo n't break the bank . Karen Kay , fashion and retail commentator , says one of Next 's greatest strengths is identifying catwalk trends that will appeal to its target market : mothers aged 30 and over and women starting out in their careers . ` A perfect example is the Next tan washed saddle bag , which is very like the Chloe satchel , ' says Karen . ` It 's a classic shape that 's also fashionable , a good combination for Next customers looking for grown up-style . ` What they do n't do , unlike shops appealing to younger women , such as Zara and Topshop , is copy one-season wonders . ` Next customers are not looking for high fashion , but clothes to wear to an interview or at the office , and they have a much better line in these , including their designer copies , than Marks & Spencer . ' THE Lot78 jacket -LRB- net-a-porter.com -RRB- is lamb 's leather , while Next 's cropped PU biker is made from viscose , polyester and cotton , hence the £ 700 price difference . A MULBERRY Bayswater tote -LRB- selfridges.com -RRB- is made from top quality leather , but at a saving of £ 900 , Next 's polyurethane bag is a dead ringer . It takes three to four months for designs on the catwalk to appear , in some shape or form , in Next . Zara and Topshop - whose younger customers are eager to get their hands on high fashion - have an even quicker turnaround of three to four weeks . Designer copycats have become a huge retail strategy in recent years , because while what appeared on the catwalk used to be kept under wraps until it arrived in the shops , now the runway attracts wide coverage , including online , and people expect to see versions on the High Street . And these great lines in designer lookalikes go some way towards explaining how Next reported a rise in annual profits of 12 per cent , to £ 695 million , last year and a further 12.5 per cent over the past 12 months , with profits totalling £ 782 million . The company is worth £ 11 billion , making it second only to Tesco in the retail sector . That 's impressive in a market that includes ` pile - 'em - high , sell - 'em - cheap ' stores such as Primark and h & m . But , says Karen Kay , older shoppers will pay more for the better-quality stitching , buttons and linings at Next . As well as 500 stores in Britain and Ireland , and 200 overseas , a substantial proportion of Next 's turnover comes from online and catalogue sales . CHLOE 'S medium Marcie satchel -LRB- harrods.co.uk -RRB- may have inspired Next 's much cheaper washed saddle bag . Besides its designer copies , shopping online at Next provides almost instant gratification , as items ordered before 11 pm are guaranteed for delivery the next day . Combined with an easy returns service - items can be collected from your home by a courier - this means that if you fancy yourself in a Stella McCartney-style lace dress , but fear it may not flatter your thighs , you can try one on at home with minimal hassle , then get the chain to take it back if you 're not satisfied . Last year , Next began selling designer labels , including DKNY and Dolce & Gabbana , alongside its own brands , online and in the Next Directory . And this innovation , says Karen , may have fuelled the company 's appetite for designer copies even further . ` Customers no doubt drool over a Joseph dress or Karl Lagerfeld blouse in the designer section , then spot something with the same sort of detail for a third of the price by Next 's own label and decide to give that a go , ' says Karen . ` The only note of caution I would sound is that Next fabrics can be disappointing , as they use a lot of synthetics such as viscose and polyester - though this , of course , keeps the costs down . ' GIANVITO ROSSI double-band crocodile mules -LRB- harrods.com -RRB- . The shoes above cost more than 50 times Next 's shiny golden versions , seen here . THE Bloomingville copper pendant light at Next -LRB- r -RRB- is less than half the price of the Original BTC copper-plated hand-spun Stanley pendant light from Liberty -LRB- liberty.com -RRB- . NEXT 'S Noir luxury fragranced candle -LRB- r -RRB- is a fifth of the price of Jo Malone 's oud & bergamot home candle -LRB- jomalone.co.uk -RRB- .