A seller on eBay has claimed that he has former New England Patriots player Aaron Hernandez 's jailhouse identification card - and he 's trying to auction it off . The eBay listing , posted Friday , showed a laminated badge featuring a photo of Hernandez , 25 , and identifying information , including his height , weight and birth date . Hernandez is currently in prison during his trial for the the June 2013 shooting death of Odin Lloyd , who was dating his fiancée 's sister . Lloyd was shot six times in an industrial park less than a mile from Hernandez 's home . Scroll down for video . An eBay user posted what appears to be laminated badge that featured a photo of former New England Patriots player Aaron Hernandez and identifying information about the 25-year-old . The listing on eBay claimed that it was selling Hernandez 's Suffolk County jail ID card , according to CBS Boston . ` I was in jail with Aaron Hernandez the for patriot super star . . I happen to com across his jail id -LRB- sic -RRB- , ' the user posted . The starting price for the card was $ 500 , though there were no bids on the item when the auction was removed from the site on Saturday . It is unclear whether the user or eBay staff removed the auction item from the site . The listing , which was deleted on Saturday and had zero bids , was posted by a user who claimed he was in jail with Hernandez . Jurors in Hernandez 's trial deliberated for nearly 20 hours over the last week considering whether to convict the former football player . They return to court on Monday . In addition to the murder charge , they must decide whether to convict him on charges of illegal possession of a firearm and ammunition . Two friends of Hernandez , Ernest Wallace and Carlos Ortiz , are also charged with murder and will be tried separately . Hernandez is currently in prison during his trial for the the June 2013 shooting death of Odin Lloyd , who was dating his fiancée 's sister . Prosecutors contend that the three men , in the early hours of June 17 , 2013 , picked Lloyd up at his home in Boston and drove him to the industrial park where his body was found riddled with bullets later that day . During the trial , which began in January and featured more than 130 witnesses , prosecutors showed video footage of Hernandez coming and going from his home around the time of Lloyd 's death . Investigators did not recover the gun that was used to shoot Lloyd , a .45-caliber Glock pistol . Hernandez faces a charge of murder and two firearms-related violations . If convicted of first-degree murder , he would be sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole . A second-degree murder conviction would lead to a life sentence with the possibility of parole after 15 years . Hernandez had been a rising star in the National Football League with a $ 41million contract when he was arrested on June 26 , 2013 . The Patriots dropped him within hours .