Follow your heart . That 's the advice of Carl Jenkinson to Jack Grealish as the young Aston Villa star weighs up his international future . The West Ham defender , on loan from Arsenal until the end of the season , knows the predicament that faces the teenager torn between representing the Republic of Ireland or England . Jenkinson has experienced an identical international limbo before . Carl Jenkinson -LRB- left -RRB- says Jack Grealish should follow his heart when choosing Ireland or England . In 2012 , a year after his big move from Charlton to the club he supported as a boy - Arsenal - the Essex-born full-back chose the Three Lions despite having played for Finland , the nation of his mother , at Under 18 and Under 21 level . It was n't a decision Jenkinson took lightly , but it is one he firmly believes was the right decision . And now the Hammers star , 23 , is advising boy-of-the-moment Grealish to also do what feels right for him . ` You 've got to follow your heart , ' he said , speaking exclusively to Sportsmail . ` Follow where you feel like you belong and play for them . That would be my advice . ` That 's what I did with the whole England-Finland situation . Finland were great to me when I was younger and I really enjoyed playing for them . The Aston Villa midfielder -LRB- centre right -RRB- has been an instant hit since breaking into the first team . ` It was a great experience at the time because I was playing against some of the best teams in the world . I was only in the Charlton reserves yet I was going off to be against all these different countries . It was fantastic for me and I really enjoyed it . ` But then it came to a crunch time where I had to pick and I had to ask myself : `` What do I feel -- English or Finnish ? '' The answer was English . I was born in England and I feel English , so that was the decision I made . ` I do n't know Jack but my advice to him would be to follow what feels right . I 'm sure he will . ' The clock is ticking for Grealish to make up his mind with Ireland boss Martin O'Neill understood to be keen to include him in his plans for the friendly against Roy Hodgson 's England in Dublin this summer . The young winger played for Ireland at youth level but can still play for the England senior side . Jenkinson 's superb form at West Ham this season has propelled him back into the international reckoning , meanwhile . An established fixture in the Under 21s set-up , the towering defender has earned calls to reclaim a place in the senior side . He is patient , however , despite his burning desire to add to the one cap he collected against Sweden almost three years ago when he came on as a substitute . Jenkinson harbours an ambition to lead his country to glory at this summer 's Under 21s European Championships in Czech Republic , hoping to catch Hodgson 's eye with next year 's senior Euros not far away . Jenkinson was in the same predicament as Grealish when he had to choose between Finland and England . ` It is a massive opportunity for us , ' he said . ` I think Roy Hodgson will be watching all the games and having a keen look at all the players . The senior Euros are a year after , so this will be a great chance for us to go and impress . ` When I speak to the lads , because I stay in touch with quite a few of them , everyone ca n't wait for it . ` It 's a massive stage and something that we 've worked hard for . We 're confident in ourselves . We feel that we can go there and really give it a good go . Roy Hodgson and his staff are believed to be fans of the young winger and want him to commit to England . ` We 've shown in the friendlies we 've played recently , like against Germany and Czech Republic , and we 've beaten them . We know we can do it . It 's just about going there this summer and reproducing it . ` Obviously that 's something in the past that we 've struggled with as a nation . But what a better time to change it and what a great thing it would be to go and win it . ' For now , Jenkinson is focused on revitalising West Ham 's season . Having started so impressively , reaching the top four at Christmas , the wheels have fallen off since the turn of the New Year . Jenkinson took part in a short film for Betway promoting #HammersAtTheArrers competition . In their past 11 Premier League games , the Hammers have won only once - and that was courtesy of a last minute winner at home to struggling Sunderland a month ago . The Hammers play QPR at Loftus Road on Saturday , their London rivals who are fighting for their lives at the foot of the table . Jenkinson expects it wo n't be a pretty affair but is confident Sam Allardyce 's side can produce the goods to kickstart their charge for an eighth place finish . Manager Sam Allardyce also took part and he can be seen preparing to throw a dart . Joey O'Brien -LRB- from left -RRB- , Winston Reid and Kevin Nolan laugh at their team-mates attempts . ` Team like QPR are probably even harder than playing teams who are in the top half at this stage . It 's always the same towards the end of the season , ' he said . ` They all pick up points because they 're fighting for their lives at the end of the day -- now we 've got to be aware of that and we need to be ready for that . ` It 's going to be a proper scrap at the weekend . But we 'll have to dig in if we want to get a result . Diego Poyet looks on as he attempts to score high in the Betway darts competition at the training ground . Jenkinson showed he 's not just a bad footballer with some impressive dart scoring . ` I think Swansea are only four points ahead of us . They 're in eighth . That would be a fantastic season if we could finish in eighth . ` Of course , you just want to finish in the top half . Anything below that would be a disappointment , especially considering how we started and I think everyone would agree with that . ` That eighth place is within reach . ' Jenkinson 's club future remains uncertain beyond this season but he appears to be happy at the Hammers . He took part in the club 's darts competition , organised by the club 's sponsors Betway , who also front the Premier League Darts , earlier this week - and you can watch the footage exclusively at Sportsmail , here . Carl Jenkinson was speaking exclusively to MailOnline at the launch of Betway 's #HammersAtTheArrers competition . West Ham fans are invited to come up with darts nicknames for their favourite players to be in with a chance of meeting the team at the PDC Betway Premier League Darts final at the O2 on May 21 . For more details , visit twitter.com/betway .