Mark Hughes has revealed talks have opened over a contract extension for in-demand Asmir Begovic following Stoke 's 2-1 win over Southampton . The Bosnian goalkeeper , who kept Stoke in the game during a one-sided first half at the Britannia Stadium on Saturday , sees his existing deal run out next year with Real Madrid known admirers . And speaking after second-half goals from Mame Diouf and substitute Charlie Adam saw his side roar back after Morgan Schneiderlin had given Ronald Koeman 's Southampton a deserved lead , manager Hughes added that he was hopeful of keeping Begovic at the club . Stoke City have opened talks over a contract extension for in-demand goalkeeper Asmir Begovic . Begovic is highly-rated and has attracted interest from several top clubs , including La Liga 's Real Madrid . Stoke boss Mark Hughes is keen to keep Begovic at the club as he looks to stabilise them in the top ten . Stoke midfielder Charlie Adam scores during the comeback win over Southampton in the Premier League . Jonathan Walters -LRB- left -RRB- congratulates fellow Stoke striker Mame Biram Diouf -LRB- right -RRB- after his goal on Saturday . ` We want to be a team that 's consistently in the top ten , ' said a beaming Hughes whose side rose to ninth in the table . ` To be able to do that you need key players in key areas of the field and obviously goalkeeper is a key position in any good team and Asmir has been exceptional for us for a long time now . ' Both Manchester clubs have watched the 27-year-old but Hughes thinks Stoke have a chance of persuading him to stay . The win over Southampton on Saturday was Stoke 's first over them since February 2008 when an own goal from Darren Powell and efforts from Ryan Shawcross and Mamady Sidibe secured a 3-2 triumph . ` We 're talking and those talks are going to be concluded in the summer , ' he said . ` Hopefully they are going to be concluded in our favour . ' Next up for Saints , who missed the chance to close the gap on Manchester City in fourth place to two points , is a home meeting with Tottenham - and the return to St Mary 's of former boss Mauricio Pochettino . Captain Jose Fonte believes it is a big match because of the race for Europe rather than the visit of the Argentine . ` It 's because it 's Tottenham , ' said the centre-half . ` They are close in the table and we want to finish above them . Obviously , there 's that added bit that Pochettino is coming back , but for us players it 's just another big game against a team that is next to us that we want to beat . ' Southampton defender Jose Fonte -LRB- left -RRB- competes for the ball with Diouf -LRB- right -RRB- at the Britannia Stadium .