Researchers found women judged to have pretty faces also have voices regarded by men as appealing -LRB- file picture -RRB- . Men can judge how attractive a woman is by hearing her talk , according to a study . Researchers found women judged to have pretty faces also have voices regarded by men as appealing . ` People can make quite reliable guesses about women 's facial attractiveness on the basis of their voices , ' said study co-author Markus Koppensteiner , an anthropologist from the University of Vienna . He added : ` Attractive voices may create an idea about what a woman will look like . ' Researchers photographed the faces and recorded the voices of 42 women with an average age of 24 . They then asked a group of men -- with an average age of mid 20s -- to rate the women 's voices on attractiveness and another group of similar age to judge the attractiveness of their faces . Those rated highly for looks often scored well for sound too , with the study finding a ` significant relationship between males ' ratings of female faces and voices . Findings suggest that women with an attractive face also tend to have an attractive voice ' . The scientists also mapped the shape , size and layout of the women 's faces to work out which facial traits were considered to be more attractive both physically and vocally . They found women deemed the most attractive tended to have ` lifted jawbones , less robust jaws and fuller lips ' . The research could shed light on the visual and vocal appeal of radio broadcasters such as Fearne Cotton . Mr Koppensteiner added : ` It could explain why women who have made it -LRB- on radio -RRB- also have attractive faces . ' Previous research has indicated women also pay close attention to men 's voices , preferring a deeper pitch because they associate it with a larger body size . Those rated highly for looks often scored well for sound too , with the study finding a ` significant relationship between males ' ratings of female faces and voices -LRB- file picture -RRB- .