The federal government has pledged to scrap the religious exemption from welfare benefits in an attempt to crackdown on parents who choose not to vaccinate their children . Under the tough new ` no jab , no pay ' laws , Social Services Minister Scott Morrison has announced on Sunday that parents will no longer be able to access childcare benefits simply by signing a form that says they object to immunisation based on ` personal , philosophical or religious ' reasons . Parents who refuse to immunised their children are set to lose up to $ 15,000 a year for every child when the changes come into force from January 1 , 2016 . Meanwhile , families who do vaccinate their kids are eligible for the $ 7,500-a-year childcare rebate , $ 200-a-week childcare benefit and the $ 726 Family Tax Benefit Part A end of year supplement . Scroll down for video . The government has announced they will strip parents of welfare benefits if they do n't immunise their kids . The ` conscientious objector ' exemption on children 's vaccination has been effective since the Howard Government , but after meeting with religious organisations , Mr Morrison said payments will be cut off if parents do n't immunise their kids . ` We have had discussions with the Church of Christ , Scientist and have formed the view that this exemption is no longer current or necessary and will therefore be removed , ' Minister Morrison said . ` Having been informed the religion is not advising members to avoid vaccinating their children and following engagement with members , the government no longer sees that the exemption is current and the authorisation for this exemption has been withdrawn . ` Having resolved this outstanding matter the government will not be receiving nor authorising any further vaccination exemption applications from religious organisations . ` The only authorised exemption from being required to have children immunised in order to receive benefits is on medical grounds . ` While parents have the right to decide to not vaccinate their children , if they are doing so as a vaccination objector , they are no longer eligible for assistance from the Australian Government . ' Minister for Social Services Scott Morrison has announced the end to religious exemption on children 's vaccinations for access to childcare benefits . Parents who refuse to immunised their children are set to lose up to $ 15,000 a year for every child . The announcement comes after Mr Morrison said while immunising children against deadly diseases protects the wider society , it should be a prerequisite to receive tax payer money . ` We 've got to think about the health and well-being of all the other children that are put at risk , and it 's their health that also matters , ' he said . ` And in fact , you know , those parents have taken decisions to immunise their children , and that 's obviously the sensible thing to do . We 're a free country , and we 're for free society , but that does n't mean you get to take taxpayers ' money if you do n't want to go along with the rules . ' While doctors and pro-vaccination groups are tipped to welcome the reforms as a way to increase the number of children being vaccinated , some immunisation experts are worried the move wo n't bolster immunisation rates . Currently around 39,000 children under the age of seven are not vaccinated . Currently around 39,000 Australian children under the age of seven are not vaccinated putting them at risk of catching severe diseases .