Daniel Sturridge is well-known for showing off his dance moves , but the striker 's shapes were no match for a young Liverpool fan . The Reds frontman was challenged to a dance-off by Kop Kids presenter Paisley back in February and duly obliged only to be left red-faced by the talented youngster . Before the pair showed each other their moves , Paisley sat down with the former Chelsea man to ask him how important dancing and music is in his lift . Daniel Sturridge poses with Kop Kids presenter Paisley ahead of their dance-off in February . The pair shake hands before sitting down for a quick interview before showing off their moves . ` Dancing is more from my childhood , ' said Sturridge . ` I always used to dance . Where I grew up was a Caribbean area , so dancing was a huge part of my upbringing and music was exactly the same . ` I listen to music before every game but it 's the dependent on the mood I 'm in and what kind of vibe i want to get into . The 25-year-old then revealed that he was n't a fan of pop group One Direction despite posting a picture of himself with band member Louis Tomlinson in March . He added : ` I 'm not a 1D kind of guy . I 'm not a fan of them , I 'm a fan of their story . It shows anything in life is possible . ' The Liverpool frontman throws some shapes after being challenged by the young Liverpool fans . The 25-year-old tried his best but looked slightly less confident away from the Anfield pitch . The former Chelsea striker hinted that this move called ` feed the ducks ' could be his next celebration . Renowned for being one of the world 's best young hip-hop dancers , Paisley wasted no time in showing off her trademark moves while Sturridge attempted a few of his own including his signature goal celebration moves . Despite failing to get the better of Paisley , Sturridge did hint that his next goal celebration would be a new move called ` Feed the Ducks ' . He joked : ` This is my next thing . You 're going to see this . It 's called feed the ducks . ' Kop Kids presenter and renowned hip-hop dance Paisley shows Sturridge how it 's done . Sturridge looks concerned as he realises his moves do n't quite match up to Paisley 's . Sturridge has played only twice since suffering a hip injury against Manchester United on March 22 .