Former primary school teacher Mary Cowan , 92 , has generously stated in her will that £ 700,000 of her £ 2million fortune should be left to charity groups . A teacher who taught at Sir Chris Hoy 's former school has left a share of the £ 2million fortune she made from stocks and shares to help children from poorer backgrounds . Mary Cowan , 92 , generously ordered that a large slice of her estate should be given to George Watson 's College in Edinburgh where she had devoted years of her life to teaching primary school children . Ms Cowan , of Edinburgh , passed away in November last year but her will revealed she asked for a bursary scheme to be set up in her name at the school where famous faces such as Olympic hero Sir Chris Hoy and rugby legend Gavin Hastings were taught . Ms Cowan never married and worked and lived in Edinburgh her whole adult life , retiring from her job at the college in 1981 . She started off teaching pupils of primary school age , before working her way up to be assistant headmistress . She was raised with her brother Martin in Kirkcudbrightshire , where her family had lived for generations and ran a grocer shop , before moving to the city where she lived in a modest semi-detached house which sold for £ 490,000 in 2012 . Her published will has now revealed that she had an estate worth nearly £ 2million and asked that more than £ 700,000 be given to friends and family . The bulk of her wealth was made up of a stocks and shares portfolio and she left instructions for the remainder to be handed over to good causes . The Mary Cowan Bursary will have funds of around £ 325,000 and will be used to help current or prospective poorer pupils attend the school . A group of trustees will decide if applicants are successful . Ms Cowan also asked that Falkirk High School be given a share of her estate to set up a fund in memory of her mother called the ` The Jane Martin Waddell Prize ' that would see outstanding pupils recognised for academic achievements . Other groups which can expect windfalls include The Royal National Institute of Blind People , Blind Veterans UK , Christian Aid , and The Salvation Army . Morningside Parish Church in Edinburgh , where Ms Cowan was a well-known member of the congregation , Alzheimer Scotland , and The Royal Hospital for Sick Children have also been included in her will . Ms Cowan stated in her will that a bursary scheme should be set up in her name at George Watson 's College in Edinburgh , where she taught . She left around £ 325,000 to the fund to help poorer pupils attend the school . Ms Cowan , of Edinburgh , asked in her will for a bursary scheme to be set up in her name at George Watson 's College where famous faces such as Sir Chris Hoy -LRB- left -RRB- and rugby legend Gavin Hastings -LRB- right -RRB- were taught . Reverend Derek Browning of Morningside Parish Church paid tribute to the generous former teacher . He said : ` First and foremost she was a teacher - and her passion for Watson 's was second to none . George Watson 's College in Edinburgh . Falkirk High School . The Royal National Institute of Blind People . Blind Veterans UK . Christian Aid . The Salvation Army . Morningside Parish Church in Edinburgh . Alzheimer Scotland . The Royal Hospital for Sick Children . ` Ms Cowan was supremely proud of her school , and delighted to work alongside staff who shared her commitment to educating the young . ` I know that her influence and her enthusiasm have touched many lives , and she remembered her students with pleasure and affection . ' He added : ` Church was her other great passion . She loved her church , and did everything she could to help those in it . ` She was the epitome of a Christian lady . ` She taught by example , she lived by faith , she enjoyed so many things , and was interested in just about everything . ' Melvyn Roffe , principal of George Watson 's College , said : ` Mary Cowan was well known in the Watson 's community having taught many generations of pupils and we were very sad to hear of her recent death . ` Miss Cowan joined George Watson 's Ladies College in George Square as a primary school teacher , also teaching French , in 1945 and taught until 1972 when she was appointed assistant head teacher in the primary school . Ms Cowan never married and had no children . She grew up in Kirkcudbrightshire before moving to Edinburgh where she lived for the rest of her life , including in this semi-detached property -LRB- right -RRB- for 20 years until 2012 . Ms Cowan also left money for Alzheimer Scotland and The Royal Hospital for Sick Children -LRB- pictured -RRB- . ` She finally retired from Watson 's in 1981 . Throughout her life she was a great supporter of our Family Foundation . ` We are touched by the news that a trust created by her estate will fund the attendance at Watson 's of many pupils whose family circumstances would not otherwise enable them to study here . ` It will help us to perpetuate the memory of a much loved and respected former member of staff and , of course , the legacy of our founder , George Watson himself . ' Watson 's was opened in 1741 by merchant and banker George Watson who wanted children from less advantaged backgrounds to enjoy the quality of education available to those more fortunate .