Student demonstrators who walked on an American flag to protest racism sparked a countermovement , prompting a south Georgia university to cancel classes Friday ahead of a rally that drew hundreds to Valdosta . Valdosta State University found itself in the center of a controversy after a video shared on social media showed an Air Force veteran and former Playboy model , Michelle Manhart , taking an American flag from demonstrators who had walked on it to protest racism . At the protest , held a week ago , Manhart was detained by police when she refused to return the flag . Big rally : Flag supporters attend a rally on Friday in Valdosta , Georgia that caused the Valdosta State University to close down for the day . Closed : Uproar over a protest in which demonstrators walked on an American flag has prompted a south Georgia university to cancel classes ahead of the rally expected to draw crowds of flag supporters to Valdosta . Struggle : Manhart , 38 , is shown , left , refusing to release a flag which protesters were trampling on . In the right-hand photograph she is seen being arrested at Valdosta State University in Georgia . Hunt : Police said they traced the gun to a protester who was part of the flag-walking demonstration , and they issued a warrant for Eric Sheppard 's arrest on charges of bringing a firearm onto a college campus . She later was banned from the campus of 11,500 students . She was not a student at Valdosta State , according to the school . The flag-walking demonstration involved three protesters , university spokesman Andy Clark said . Meanwhile , tensions rose at Valdosta State when campus police found a backpack containing a handgun on Tuesday . Police said they traced the gun to a protester who was part of the flag-walking demonstration , and they issued a warrant for Eric Sheppard 's arrest on charges of bringing a firearm onto a college campus . Sheppard fled and has not been found by authorities , Clark said . Flag supporters gathered for a rally Friday afternoon , and university administrators said the possibility of thousands of people rallying on the outskirts of campus ultimately led to the decision to give students a day off . ` That level of traffic and that many people will disrupt a lot of things in the city , ' Clark said . ` We 're from an overall safety perspective looking to close the campus down today so they can have a peaceful rally . ' Organizers of the ` Flags Over VSU ' rally said they expected as many as 4,000 people Friday afternoon , WALB-TV reported . University administrators arranged for extra police to be on campus to provide security during the rally , Clark told The Valdosta Daily Times . Local law enforcement officials said the crowd that gathered was generally peaceful . Pro-flag : A flag supporter waves a large American flag while attending a rally on Friday in support of the flag . In support : Flag supporters on motorbikes attend a rally on Friday in support of Michelle Manhart . University administrators faced a backlash on social media after Manhart was issued a criminal trespass warning , essentially banning her from campus . Critics saw the university as siding with demonstrators who walked on the flag over a military veteran trying to save it . ` We were protecting their right to free speech and civil liberties ' without taking sides , Clark said . NBC reports that some people T-shirts with the American flag and the words ` Try walking on this flag ' written on the back and others carried signs . Cover girl : After her original feature , Manhart appeared in Playboy again . She is shown here on the cover of the Mexican edition . NBC spoke with Kim Thompson who drove 30 miles to join in the rally . ` I think it 's going to be amazing . I think it 's actually going to be part of history , ' she said . Thompson , the wife of a sailor , said that after September 11 she became more patriotic than ever and felt that she needed to speak up after watching the flag get trampled . Michelle Manhart , 38 , was handcuffed by police at Valdosta State University , Georgia , and driven off in a patrol car after grabbing the Stars and Stripes and refusing to return it to the student demonstrators last week . Video footage of the event , last Friday , shows Manhart struggling with officers , who force her to the ground after she refuses to let the flag go . It shows her surrounded by protesters on the campus , who demand their property be returned . In response , Manhart says the flag belongs to ` the entire United States ' . Campus police try to convince her to drop the flag , but Manhart , a former training sergeant who served in Kuwait , refuses . Speaking to the Valdosta Daily Times about her intervention , she said : ` I did not want anything like this , but I got a call from a student who told me that the flag was on the ground , and they were walking on it . ` I was just going over there to pick up the flag off the ground . I do n't know what their cause is , but I went to pick it up because it does n't deserve to be on the ground . ' She continued : ` If your cause is racism then find some white people and walk on them . ` But to walk on the flag is walking on our symbol of freedom . You have the freedom to do what you are doing because of it . I 'm not fighting against them . I 'm fighting against the way they are going about it . ' Cause : Manhart came to the campus because she heard students were walking on the flag , as seen above . Air Force to bare force : Manhart was once a Staff Sergeant at the San Antonio Air Force training camp -LRB- right -RRB- , but was demoted when she appeared nude in Playboy magazine . She is shown left holding a copy of the issue containing her spread . According to the Daily Times , the group did n't want to press charges against Manhart . However , police gave her a trespass warning , which bans her from the campus . Manhart has come under fire for standing up for her beliefs before . In 2007 she made national headlines - and lost her job - for posing nude for Playboy magazine . Explicit photographs from the periodical 's February 2007 issue show then-Sergeant Manhart in a variety of provocative poses - first with , then later without - her military uniform . When Air Force bosses got wind of the racy feature , they relieved her of her duties at the Lackland Air Force Base in San Antonio , Texas . She was later demoted , and ultimately left the Air Force . However , she remained defiant , telling reporters at the time ` I did n't do anything wrong , so I did n't think it would be a major issue ' . The decision brought an end to 14 years of service . She later appeared in other editions of Playboy - including the cover of the Mexican edition - and posed for animal rights group Peta to support an anti-fur campaign . The Daily Times reported that Manhart now intends to hold a pro-military counter-demonstration in the town on Wednesday . In response to the incident , the university 's president says he disapproves of the flag-trampling protest , but recognizes their right to express themselves that way if they choose . Dr William McKinney said : ` The American flag represents everything that is best about our country . As the Supreme Court has held , one of those things is the right to free speech , which includes the right to disrespect even the symbol of our country . ` While I firmly disagree with the actions of the protesters , I understand their right to protest . '