Lionel Messi has issued an ominous warning to his opponents with the four-time Ballon d'Or winner declaring he is back to his best after a disappointing and trophy-free 2014 . A string of injuries limited Messi 's involvement as the Catalan giants lost the La Liga title to Atletico Madrid , the same rivals who knocked them out of the Champions League in the quarter-finals . Messi 's misfortune saw the Ballon d'Or go to Cristiano Ronaldo for the second consecutive year while there was also the matter of a tax investigation that carried a potential jail term . Now though , Messi 's turned the tide - Barca are top of the league , his personal goal tally 's at 45 from 44 games and Paris Saint-Germain await in the first leg of their Champions League quarter final on Wednesday . Lionel Messi says he is happy again after a disappointing 2014 that was riddled with injury and off-field drama . The Argentine maestro celebrates his goal against Sevilla , his 399th for Barcelona . ` I am happy . The truth is that I started the season in another way after what happened to me last year , ' he said in an interview with Barcelona 's club website . ` I was inconsistent last season . I was out for a while due to injury , missing quite a few games . When I came back I did n't feel right . It was a year that I have tried to quickly forget to try and get back to my best through hard work , smiling and effort , like I always have and now , fortunately , I feel very good . ' Messi says he is keen to ` get back to my best through hard work , smiling and effort , like I always have ' Barca top of the league and his personal goal tally 's at 45 from 44 games ahead of PSG on Wednesday . With his breathtaking 2015 form already bringing 34 goals in La Liga and eight in the Champions League , Messi will hit the 400 mark for Barcelona should be find the net in Paris . Being fit again has been key for Messi , but he also says his forward combination with new team-mates Luis Suarez and Neymar have been a calming influence . ` Barcelona have always had great forwards , not just now with Neymar and Luis . But it 's true that we are taking advantage of them because they are both great world stars . They give us another thing than goals , so in that sense , I 'm calm , ' he said .