Jeffrey Walker told jurors that the Philadelphia Police Department drug squad targeted ` white ` college-boy ... khaki-pants types ' who were ` easy to intimidate ' A disgraced ex-police officer testifying against his drug squad colleagues acknowledged on Tuesday that he stole drug money , planted evidence and lied on police paperwork too many times to count . Jeffrey Walker told jurors that the Philadelphia Police Department drug squad targeted ` white college-boy , ... khaki-pants types ' who were ` easy to intimidate ' . That matches the description of some of the drug dealers who have testified in recent weeks in the federal police corruption trial . The witnesses have said the squad stole as much as $ 80,000 at a time during illegal raids marked by threats and physical violence . Walker , 46 , said police brass applauded the drug squad because they made big arrests that made them look good . Squad leader Thomas Liciardello , the lead defendant , ` produced big jobs , a lot of arrests , ' he said . ` They liked that , as far as the bosses and supervisors were concerned . It made them look good . It was nothing but a dog and pony show . That 's all it is , ' Walker said . Liciardello , he said , always got a cut of the money stolen or skimmed from drug suspects , while the others split the ` jobs ' they worked , Walker said . He said he first stole money as a uniformed patrolman when he chased a dealer into a house and spotted a large bag of cash on top of the refrigerator . ` I never saw that much money . I was a young kid , ' Walker told jurors . ` I took some money , put it in my jacket pocket . ' Defense lawyers have attacked Walker 's credibility and will no doubt point out on cross-examination the times he admits acting alone , even before he joined the elite undercover drug unit . He also said he developed a drinking problem and became forgetful . Walker joined the department at about 20 and had nearly 24 years in when he was arrested in an FBI sting last year . Before then , he had refused to cooperate when the FBI asked him to speak to them about the unit . But he changed course after being caught in the sting , accused of stealing $ 15,000 and planting drugs in someone 's car . He has been in custody for nearly a year and hopes to avoid a life sentence through his testimony . Walker said he once worked out of the same undercover squad car with Liciardello and Brian Reynolds but was turned out by those work friends as he went through a divorce , weight loss surgery and other personal problems . More than 160 drug convictions have been overturned since Walker pleaded guilty , and scores of civil-rights lawsuits are pending against Walker and the defendants . Defendant , Philadelphia police department drug squad leader Thomas Liciardello -LRB- pictured -RRB- always got a cut of the money stolen or skimmed from drug suspects , Walker told jurors on Tuesday .