Mexican prosecutors have launched an investigation of possible criminal conduct in the case of a 14-year-old girl mistakenly sent to the U.S. to live with a woman who claimed to be her mother , authorities said Friday . Alondra Luna Nunez was mistakenly flown to Texas on April 16 after a judge in the western state of Michoacan ruled in favor of a Houston woman who believed she was her daughter . She was returned to her family in Mexico on Wednesday after DNA testing in the United States showed she was not the long-missing daughter of Houston resident Dorotea Garcia . Scroll down for video . Reunited : Alondra Luna Nunez -LRB- pictured -RRB- was mistakenly flown to Texas on April 16 after a judge in the western state of Michoacan ruled in favor of a Houston woman named Dorotea Garcia who believed she was her daughter . The Prosecutor 's Office in the southwestern state of Michoacan said in a statement that it is looking into the case involving a civil court judge in Los Reyes , including media reports and videos that ` suggest probable acts against the child 's best interests and could constitute an illegal action ' . Video footage of Alondra being taken screaming by police circulated widely and attracted national and international attention to the case . The National Human Rights Commission has launched its own investigation , which its president Luis Raul Gonzalez said would seek to ensure that there is ` no impunity ' in the case . After landing home on Wednesday , Alondra seemed to hold no grudge , saying she hoped Garcia , ended up finding her daughter . They spoke by phone . Taken : Alondra Luna Nunez 's case drew international attention after a video of her being forced into a police vehicle last week appeared online . Struggle : Alondra used every ounce of her energy to fight Mexican federal police officers , who were working for Interpol on the orders of a Texas judge . ` She told me to forgive her for everything she had done to us , ' Alondra told reporters . Alondra had asked for DNA tests in Mexico before she was sent to the United States , and her parents presented more than a dozen documents including her baptismal records , family photographs and a copy of her birth certificate . But Judge Cinthia Elodia Mercado ruled Alondra was in fact Alondra Diaz Garcia , who was taken from Texas by her father in 2007 . Garcia thought Luna was her daughter because they share a similar scar between their eyebrows . The other girl remains missing and the father 's whereabouts are also unknown . Elodia Mercado said this week that it was not within her authority to order DNA testing , and she was obligated to ensure Mexico followed international conventions on child abductions . ` We , as judges , are only responsible to resolve the case with respect to recovering the minor , ' she said . ` We do n't do investigations or make inquiries . ' Mexico 's National Human Rights Commission also announced it had requested reports from a half dozen government entities to conduct its own inquiry into whether Alondra 's human rights were violated . Reunited : Alondra is seen with her father , little brother and mother after she was reunited with her family when a DNA test proved she was not the daughter of the Houston woman . Long-lost daughter : Dorotea Garcia -LRB- pictured -RRB- believed that Alondra Nunez was her long-lost daughter Alondra , who was taken to Mexico by her father in 2007 . Similarities ? Dorotea never stopped looking for her daughter Alondra Diaz Garcia - seen here before she was taken as -LRB- right -RRB- in a digitally aged picture . It added that its officers had interviewed Alondra 's father and offered medical and psychological help for the girl and the family , and said it would study whether procedures for handling such cases should be reformed . ` If there are holes or gaps in the protocol , these must be corrected to prevent future human rights violations that harm girls , boys and adolescents , ' the commission said in a statement . After the ruling , Alondra traveled by bus with Garcia to the U.S. border , crossing at Laredo , Texas . Alondra was granted entry based on the birth certificate of Garcia 's daughter and the court order , according to Mexico 's Foreign Ministry . This week , when asked if she harbored any anger about the forced weeklong separation from her family , Alondra , singled out the judge . ` I 'm angry only at her , because it was her who caused all this , ' Alondra told The Associated Press . ` Nobody but her is guilty . At least that 's what I think . ' Probe : Mexican prosecutors have began an investigation of possible criminal conduct in the case , that includes media reports and videos that ` suggest probable acts against the child 's best interests and could constitute an illegal action '