Brittany Lincicome beat Stacy Lewis in a play-off to claim her second ANA Inspiration crown after a dramatic end to the LPGA 's opening major of the year in California . Lincicome looked set to finish in the chasing pack until she carded a brilliant eagle on the par-five 18th to record a closing 69 and move level with fellow American Lewis on nine under par . Former champion Lewis -LRB- 70 -RRB- could still have claimed the win herself when , playing in the final group , she had a chance to birdie the last but her effort from 10 feet sneaked past on the low side , sending the two friends into a play-off at Mission Hills Country Club . Brittany Lincicome shows off the ANA Inspiration trophy after beating Stacy Lewis in a play-off round . Brittany Lincicome -LRB- second right -RRB- , leaps into Poppy 's Pond with her father , Tom Lincicome -LRB- right -RRB- , her fiance , Dewald Gouws and her caddie , Missy Pederson -LRB- left -RRB- after winning the California tournament . Lincicombe hugs her caddie Missy Pederson after plunging into the water . Lincicombe is congratulated by her father , Tom -LRB- right -RRB- , after jumping into the water hazard . And a soaking wet Lincicombe had to wear a dressing down as she posed for the trophy . It took the pair three extra goes at the 18th before they were finally separated , with three successive pars ultimately earning Lincicome a sixth LPGA Tour triumph . It also saw the 29-year-old take a jump into Poppie 's Pond for the second time having also won this tournament in 2009 . On that occasion Lincicome also eagled the final hole , and she admits it was ` surreal ' to repeat the feat this time . ` I mean , to make eagle on any hole is pretty incredible , and then to do it on Sunday at a major , at this major where I did it in 2009 , ' Lincicome , whose last tournament victory came in 2011 , said on www.lpga.com . Stacy Long drops her putter after missing a winning putt on the second play-off hole in California . Lincicombe and Long embrace after the former secures victory on the third play-off hole . The victorious Lincicombe acknowledges the gallery after securing her victory . ` It 's really surreal . I feel like if you would have bet me all the money in the world to see how many times you could do it , if I went back to the fairway now I probably could n't hit that shot again . So like I said earlier , today was my day . Somebody was looking out for me today . ' Lewis , whose bogey on the third sudden-death play-off hole allowed Lincicome to clinch the title , has now finished runner-up on five occasions since winning the Walmart NW Arkansas Championship last June . She has also had five more top-10 finishes in that time and the 30-year-old - who won the ANA Inspiration in 2011 - admits the only thing she can do is to try to look forward . ` I guess the more times you do it , the easier it gets , ' said Lewis . ` I do n't know . That 's all you can do . You ca n't sit and dwell on it . You just have to go out the next week and try to win . I 'm doing a lot of really good things , so I just have to keep going forward . ' This was Lincicombe 's first LPGA tour victory since 2011 . Stacy Lewis loses her club after teeing off on the par four , 16th hole at Mission Hills Country Club . Lewis plays a shot on the palm tree-lined 15th hole at Mission Hills in California . Morgan Pressel made it an all-American top three after finishing off with a two-under-par 70 , leaving her a shot behind the leaders . South Korean Kim Sei-young , who took a three-shot lead into the final round , had to settle for a share of fourth spot with Spaniard Carlota Ciganda -LRB- 68 -RRB- and Sweden 's Anna Nordqvist -LRB- 69 -RRB- on seven under after finishing with a 75 . Scotland 's Catriona Matthew was the leading British player , finishing in a nine-way tie for 11th after carding a final-round 70 .