Adi Viveash 's Chelsea U19s side stormed into the UEFA Youth League final following a 4-0 mauling of Roma in the semis . After a tense and goalless first-half , midfielder Charlie Colckett 's deflected shot gave Chelsea the lead . Striker Dominic Solanke then scored a brace , before substitute Tammy Abraham wrapped up the win with a tap in on 83 minutes . Chelsea will now face Shakhtar Donetsk 's U19s team in the final . Chelsea striker Dominic Solanke celebrates scoring his side 's second goal against Roma on Friday . Chelsea 's Ruben Loftus-Cheek -LRB- right -RRB- and Roma 's Jose Machin -LRB- left -RRB- battle for the ball on Monday . Chelsea 's Isaiah Brown -LRB- left -RRB- tussle for the ball with Roma 's Silvio Anocic -LRB- right -RRB- in the box . Roma had initially defended strongly , but capitulated after the break . Chelsea made two changes from the side that started the quarter-final victory over Atletico Madrid last month , with Ruben Loftus-Cheek and Charly Musonda coming into the line-up . Andreas Christensen , who started in midfield against Atletico , was paired with Jake Clarke-Salter at centre-back , while Ola Aina and Jay DaSilva occupied the full-back positions . Loftus-Cheek was partnered in midfield by Colkett and Musonda , with the latter operating in the hole behind the front-three of Solanke , Jeremie Boga and captain Izzy Brown . Chelsea 's Charlie Musonda -LRB- right -RRB- controls the ball ahead Roma 's oncoming Christian D'Urso -LRB- left -RRB- . Chelsea 's Ola Aina -LRB- right -RRB- dribbles with the ball ahead of Roma 's Jose Machin -LRB- centre -RRB- . Roma 's Daniele Verde -LRB- left -RRB- shields the ball away from Chelsea defender Jay Dasilva -LRB- right -RRB- . Brown -LRB- left -RRB- charges forward to collect the ball ahead of Roma 's Silvio Anocic -LRB- right -RRB- . Chelsea were rewarded for their persistence in the second-half with two goals inside four minutes of the restart . The first came at the end of a driving run from Brown , which saw the ball bounce kindly into the path of Colkett for him to wrong-foot the goalkeeper with an awkward shot . A second goal followed from Christensen 's excellent long ball forward , met by the run of Solanke who rounded the rushing keeper to fire into an empty net . After Boga had an attempt spilled by the keeper , Solanke was on hand to poach his second and Chelsea 's third . Solanke has now netted 11 goals in this year 's Youth League and is the competition 's leading scorer . The rout was completed when Abraham , on from the bench , converted Kasey Palmer 's cross . Roma 's Toni Sanabria -LRB- right -RRB- prepares to take on Chelsea 's Ola Aina -LRB- left -RRB- in the UEFA Youth League match .