Ian Joll was missing presumed dead after he was forced to crash land his plane on a Dutch beach , but survived the incident to make it home to Gravesend . When Mabel Joll opened the front door to see her son Ian she fainted , believing she must have seen a ghost . Ten minutes earlier Mrs Joll had received a telegram telling her that her son , Squadron Leader Joll , was ` missing believed killed ' after he crash-landed his plane on a Dutch beach during a strafing attack on a German aircraft in 1940 . However Sq Ldr Joll had survived the crash and after trekking miles along a beach and persuading a ship to take him back to England , he had dropped in on his parents to say hello . His incredible story came to light as his medals - including the Distinguished Flying Cross -LRB- DFC -RRB- - were put up for auction and his background was revealed . Sq Ldr Joll had been involved in a strafing attack on German aircraft on May 10 , 1940 , when his plane was hit by ground fire and he was forced to crash land his Bristol Blenheim light bomber . At an earlier briefing all crew had been told that under no circumstances should they allow the plane 's secret interception radar to fall into enemy hands . After several unsuccessful attempts to set his Blenheim on fire , Sq Ldr Joll decided the only thing to do was to shoot into the plane 's fuel tank . Sq Ldr Joll and his gunner then trekked for miles where they met a Dutch fisherman , who they persuaded to take them to England . Their journey to England took place just 16 days before the start of the evacuation of 300,000 Allied troops a few miles down the coast at Dunkirk . The vessel docked in Harwich , Essex , and Sq Ldr Joll travelled to his parents ' house in Gravesend in Kent . Oliver Pepys , of Spinks auctioneers which is now selling Sq Ldr Joll 's medals , said : ` His mother answered the door and promptly fainted . ` Not ten minutes before she had received a telegram from the Air Ministry stating that they regretted to have to inform her Pilot Officer Joll was missing believed killed . ` She must have thought she had opened the door to a ghost of her son . ` The authorities usually issued those telegrams fairly soon after a serviceman had gone missing and the tone of them was very much to fear the worst . ` Quite often news would eventually filter back that the missing person was in a prisoner of war camp somewhere . ` But for a relative to receive that dreaded telegram and then literally 10 minutes later that person show up alive is quite remarkable . ' Sq Ldr Joll later rejoined his squadron at Manston . He served with 604 Squadron throughout the Battle of Britain , flying under the command of newly appointed Flight Commander , John ` Cat 's Eyes ' Cunningham . Sq Ldr Joll 's medals -LRB- left to right -RRB- the Distinguished Flying Cross , 1939-1945 Star , with Battle of Britain Bar , Air Crew Europe Star , Defence and War medals and an Air Efficiency medal will be sold at auction . Just a few months later in November 1940 he had his second near death experience . His Blenheim aircraft iced up at 4,000 ft and went into a spin . Two crewmen bailed out leaving Sq Ldr Joll to pull the plane out of the spin and land it safely . The squadron later upgraded to Beaufighter planes and just a year later in May 1941 he survived a third close shave , when his aircraft was attacked by a German Heinkel , seriously injuring his radar operator . Sq Ldr Joll nursed his comrade and took the stricken Beaufighter plane back to base . Sq Ldr Joll went on to five ` kills ' , and was awarded the prestigious Distinguished Flying Cross for service . In April 1942 Joll was posted to 153 Squadron , based at Ballyhalbert where he helped the unit convert to use Beaufighters . He later returned to his squad , 604 , and was promoted to Flight Commander . Sq Ldr Joll went on to fly a Beaufighter night fighter -LRB- file pic -RRB- and shot down several Nazi planes . In November 1943 Joll worked alongside Lord Louis Mountbatten on planning the parachute landings for D-Day and also helped develop the giant panjandrum - a huge cable-laying drum powered by rockets intended to destroy German mines on the Normandy beaches . However this too almost ended in tragedy . Sq Ldr Joll helped organise a demonstration of the pajandrum for top military officials only for the weapon to veer out of control and head straight towards the assembled generals , admirals and air marshals , prompting them to flee . An article in the London Gazette , published in 1943 , said : ` He is an exceptionally keen and skilful leader , whose personal example has been reflected in the high morale of the flight he commands . In spite of trying experiences , his enthusiasm remains unabated . ' Joll 's final posting was to New Delhi , working for the Directorate of Combined Operations . This time he was involved in the planning for the invasion of Burma . After the war he married wife Eileen who served as an ambulance driver during the Second World War and was no stranger to dangerous situations herself . In 1941 she helped transport a new false leg that was dropped by arrangement over a Luftwaffe base in France so it could be given to disabled flying legend Douglas Bader , who was being held prisoner . Sq Ldr Joll died aged 57 in 1977 . His widow passed away last year aged and now his medals are being auctioned by Spinks in London for an estimated £ 9,000 on April 23 .