This spot in Colorado 's Vail Valley is so picturesque that a family stopped at nothing to build their home here - even if it meant shelling out $ 1 million just on the driveway . The Italian-inspired mansion , which has incredible 360-degree views across the mountains , has now gone on the market for a tidy $ 29.5 million . Homeowner Dick Rothkopf , a former toy company chief , chose the location for the estate in 2008 because his family enjoyed hiking in the nearby hills . But the property is so remote that it took two years , a team of engineers and $ 1 million to build the 1.5-mile driveway from the roadway to its front door , the Wall Street Journal reported . Incredible : This Italian-inspired mansion in the mountains of Vail , Colorado has gone on sale for $ 29.5 million . Stunning : The home , which was built in 2008 , is made from materials brought over from the homeowner 's trips to Italy . Spacious : Inside the 13,000-square-foot home is a spacious gourmet kitchen , which is perfect for entertaining guests . Opulent : The entire property has eight bedrooms and eight full bathrooms over two buildings , as well as an outdoor barn . European : The luxurious home is known as ` Il Podere ' - which means ` family homestead ' in the Tuscan region . No details were spared at the 17,000-square-foot estate itself , either . The home , which is known as ` Il Podere ' - meaning ` family homestead ' - was built on 230 acres of land using materials collected during the Rothkopfs ' trips to Italy . It features a main residence with seven bedrooms , seven full bathrooms , three half bathrooms , an elevator and a gourmet kitchen across 13,000 square foot . There 's also a billiard room , a gym , an indoor basketball court and a home theater . Outside is a pool with a spa and sauna , a pool house , a two-car garage and a tennis court , as well as a lake , a pond , a stream and stunning views . Comfortable : A massive fireplace in a living room offers comfortable nights in for humans and pets alike . Hidden : Beneath arches and down walkways are recreation rooms for both children and adults . Airy : Large windows and terraces give terrific views across the Vail Valley in Colorado . Beautiful : As well as an office , the main home has seven bedrooms and seven full bathrooms . Fully equipped : A large gym can also be found at the home , as well as a spa and a sauna . Luxury : There is a movie theater inside the home , as well as a billiard room and an indoor basketball court . Serene : The home is 25 minutes from Vail 's ski slopes and less than two hours from Aspen . Picturesque : The family who built the property chose this spot in Vail because they enjoyed hiking there . There is also a 2,000-square-foot caretaker 's house , with one bedroom and one-and-a-half bathrooms , while a separate barn also houses a loft and a bathroom . And if the home itself does n't offer enough entertainment , it 's just 25 minutes from Vail 's ski slopes , an hour and 45 minutes from Aspen and two hours from Denver . The listing with Douglas Elliman calls the estate ` breathtakingly beautiful , tranquil , pristine ' . The family is leaving to build a home in Sonoma , California but plans to buy a smaller place in Vail so they can still make use of its slopes . Large : As well as a separate building for a caretaker , the estate also has a barn with a loft and a bathroom . Determined : Its current owners were intent on living at the location so built a $ 1 million to the house . Vistas : A swimming pool and terrace area gives unobstructed views across the valley . Restful : There is also a spa and a sauna at the home , as well as a separate one-bedroom caretaker 's house . Great outdoors : The estate , which also has a stream and pond , stretches across nearly 17,000 square foot . Secluded : The driveway , which is a mile and a half long , took a team of engineers and two years to build . Incline : The lengthy driveway also takes visitors up 700ft towards the sprawling estate .