The Champions League returned this week with eight teams vying for a place in the semi-finals . Three of them are from Spain and with Madrid rivals Real and Atletico , squaring up on Tuesday , the papers had plenty to go on . They focused on the derby clash , which ended 0-0 thanks to an inspiring display from Atletico keeper Jan Oblak . Marca 's front page on Wednesday leads on Atletico Madrid goalkeeper Jan Oblak 's impressive display . Real Madrid drew 0-0 with city rivals Atletico , while Barcelona prepare for their European tie with PSG . Marca led with : ` The Oblak Wall ' , while AS claim that Real could have settled the tie in the first half , ' ... but Oblak said no . ' The Spanish papers were also quick to praise ` dazzling displays ' from Raphael Varane and Arda Turan , for Real and Atletico respectively , while noting that Carlo Ancelotti 's side failed to score on a fourth straight visit to the Vicente Calderon . AS described the tie as still having everything to play for as the two sides head to the Bernabeu on April 22 , but suspended Marcelo and Merio Suarez will both miss the game . Wednesday night sees the final Spanish team take to the field , as Barcelona face Paris Saint-Germain in the French capital . AS claim that Real Madrid could have settled the tie in the first half ... ` but Oblak said no ' The Slovenian goalkeeper , who is not even his country 's No 1 , prepares to save a shot from Gareth Bale . Marca note that Barca face the only team to have beaten them in the Champions League this season ; a Group F match in which PSG ran out 3-2 winners in September . Neymar will start for Barcelona , according to AS , despite his reaction to being substituted against Sevilla . The Brazilian superstar was seen gesturing behind manager Luis Enrique 's back and appeared unhappy to have been taken off . Enrique , though , says : ` I 've not seen the pictures from the Pizjuan -LRB- Sevilla 's stadium -RRB- ' . Mundo Deportivo claim that Barca need to leave the ` silly things ' to one side in a decisive game . PSG do not have Zlatan Ibrahimovic , Thiago Motta or Marco Verratti to call upon , but they do have ` David Luiz and a dangerous attack . ' The Italian papers focus on Juventus ' important victory over Monaco in their Champions League quarter-final . Arturo Vidal took most of the plaudits from the press after scoring the only goal from the penalty spot . Over in Italy , Wednesday 's newspapers are screaming the name of Arturo Vidal , who scored the only goal of the game to give Juventus the advantage over opponents Monaco . Although the Chilean took most of the plaudits , La Gazzetta dello Sport pay tribute to goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon , labelling him ` the best on the pitch ' . The Italian paper are honest in their assessment of the result , admitting that Vidal 's goal came from a ` disputed penalty ' , and they call the win a ` precious result ' . Elsewhere , Corriere dello Sport write of a ` stretched and difficult match ' while Allegri , after the game , commented : ` See ? They are strong ... ' Tuttosport lead with the headline ` Ole Vidal ' , with a picture of the Chilean 's screaming celebration in front of the home fans . The next leg will take place next Wednesday in Monaco .