A GP has warned the health service is at ` breaking point ' as he faces the challenge of providing a safe standard of care for 4,300 patients on his books . Dr Arfon Williams is now the only doctor available across two rural practices in North Wales , after his partner and colleague of 20 years retired at the end of March . His surgery has been unable to attract a replacement and is currently functioning with a skeleton service , Dr Williams said . Health bosses responsible for North Wales said difficulties recruiting GPs is a national issue , adding they are exploring a number of options . Welsh GP , Dr Arfon Williams , is now the only doctor available across two rural practices , that serve 4,300 patients in North Wales -LRB- file picture posed by models -RRB- . Dr Williams is based at Ty Doctor in Nefyn , Gwynedd , pictured . He said : ` We cover a rural area from two sites so it is now going to prove incredibly difficult to provide a realistic , safe service for our patients , but we will endeavour to do so ' ` We used to be a three-partner practice , which cares for 4,300 patients and a very large holiday population in the summer , ' Dr Williams said . ` We cover a rural area from two sites so it is now going to prove incredibly difficult to provide a realistic , safe service for our patients , but we will endeavour to do so . ' Dr Williams , who is based at Ty Doctor in Nefyn , Gwynedd , said he fears areas such as the Llŷn Peninsula in north Wales will become ` no-go ' areas for young , aspiring GPs as none of them want to jump on a ` sinking ship ' . He added : ` I want the health board to recognise the severity of the situation here . ` We have been informing the health authority of this impending recruitment crisis for many years . ` Unfortunately little , if anything , has been done and the system is now at breaking point . ` I would be grateful if the health board could use all resources at their disposal to do all that they can so that we can retain a decent service to our patients which is safe , and provide it to the highest possible standards . ` Ninety per cent of NHS consultations are provided in primary care . ` It is inevitable that the continued lack of investment in primary care is having a knock-on effect on secondary care . ` When there are 10 ambulances sat outside the a & e department of the local district general hospital on a daily basis , it does not take a genius to work out that the system is broken . ` Subsequently , response times for ambulances are not met , a & e departments are full to bursting , every hospital bed is taken as there is chronic under capacity . ` GPs are sent daily e-mails requesting that we should n't admit patients unnecessarily . ` Due to unrelenting pressure on beds , patients are often discharged too soon , and without adequate social care provision . ` This is a year-round problem , no longer to be blamed on winter pressures . ` The system is broken . Anyone who denies this simply does not understand . ' A spokesperson for Betsi Cadwaladr University Health Board said : ` Senior medical staff and managers recently met with Dr Williams to discuss his concerns . Dr Williams said ambulances queuing at a & e departments is a sign that the system is broken . ` Difficulties in recruiting GPs is a national issue ; however , there are particular problems in specific areas of north Wales . ` We fully recognise these issues and work is ongoing to identify and agree measures to alleviate the immediate problems and to develop a strong recruitment base . ` We are currently exploring a number of short and long-term ideas to address the local shortage of GPs , including taking advantage of the opportunities arising from cluster working and working together with other practices . ` We work very closely with the Wales Deanery and university medical schools to provide good training opportunities for doctors in north Wales and encourage them to then apply for jobs in the region . '