Prisoner Carlos Boente -LRB- pictured -RRB- was jailed for five years after he was found guilty of conspiracy to burgle , harassment and a phone possession charge . A serving prisoner has been jailed for making a teenager 's life a misery by bombarding her with thousands of texts after he received her number from a cellmate . Carlos Boente , 33 , was serving time at HMP Birmingham for similar harassment type offences when he began contacting the 19-year-old woman in November 2013 . After getting her number from a cellmate , the prisoner originally asked her to change his Facebook password as a favour . He then bombarded the teen with thousands of texts and calls - telling her sob stories about his life saying he had no family and nobody visited him in prison . The victim continued to talk to Boente , who she felt sorry for , but he suddenly started asking where she was and leaving threatening messages if she did n't reply . She eventually contacted police when he told her he had friends on the outside watching her and even sent her a picture of her front door . In January last year Boente made numerous abusive calls to the woman - telling her she was going to die and making threats against her young child . Incredibly , he even sent three men to the home of the woman 's aunt and uncle , before boasting on Facebook the gang were his ` soldiers ' . Boente , from Birmingham , was charged with two counts of threats to kill , one count of harassment , one count of conspiracy to burgle and three counts of possessing a mobile phone while in prison in June last year . He denied all of the charges , except for two counts of possessing a mobile phone , but was found guilty of conspiracy to burgle , harassment and the remaining phone possession charge on April 1 . Although he was cleared of the threats to kill charges he was last week jailed for five years at Birmingham Crown Court . Speaking after the hearing , Detective Constable Vanessa Lewis , from West Midlands Police , said : ` Even when the victim was giving a statement to us about Boente 's behaviour , we witnessed him constantly calling her , shouting down the phone and being abusive . ` Despite knowing we were investigating him , Boente showed no signs of stopping his disturbing conduct . ` On 24 March , shortly after we blocked his letters and landline contact from the prison , three men entered the home of the woman 's aunt and uncle looking for a safe . ` Boente 's Facebook status two days later , boasting that he sent his ` soldiers ' to the property indicated he was behind the burglary . Boente was serving time at HMP Birmingham -LRB- pictured -RRB- when he began contacting the woman . ` This is a highly unusual case which demonstrates Boente 's ability to control , manipulate and harass young women . ` Boente has a proven history of violence and at the time of these crimes , he was serving a prison sentence for similar harassment offences . ` It is clear that Boente , who operated four Facebook accounts through five different phones from behind bars , thinks he is above the law and unfortunately , does not see prison as a barrier to his bizarre behaviour . ` The woman concerned in this case and her family lived in fear for months . The stress caused by Boente 's actions resulted in family members giving up their jobs and selling their homes , while the victim felt she had lost all control of her life . ` With this in mind , I would urge anyone who may be approached in the future by Boente , either online or over the phone , to call us immediately - do not feel sorry for him and do not wait one moment to contact us . '