Paul Gascoigne 's daughter Bianca was mugged by a gang on bikes in central London and had her phone which reportedly had private texts from the former England midfielder stolen . Former model Bianca was targeted by the gang of eight on Tuesday afternoon as the 28-year-old talked on her mobile while walking in Marylebone . The attackers are understood to have grabbed her phone and then attempted to snatch her bag , but ran away when she fought back . Bianca Gascoigne , the daughter of troubled ex-footballer Paul , who was mugged by a gang . Bianca , pictured with Paul and brother Regan , had her phone stolen which reportedly contained private texts . Miss Gascoigne took to her Twitter page after the attack , where she branded her muggers ` lowlifes on bikes ' The theft reportedly left her in tears and she is said to have been left devastated given the nature of the texts stored on her phone . According to The Sun , she told a friend : ` I was walking across the road and was suddenly surrounded by this gang of eight . They were all hooded up so I could n't see them properly . It was terrifying . ' A friend also told the newspaper : ` She 's furious because these lowlifes will be able to go through private texts , some were with her dad Paul . ' Bianca later tweeted about the mugging , branding them ` lowlifes ' . She wrote : ` Beautiful day shame it just got ruined by being robbed ! Got ambushed by a bunch of lowlifes on bikes . ' A Scotland Yard spokesman said : ` Police were informed of the theft of a mobile phone , which happened at about 3.45 pm on Tuesday in Wimpole Road , Marylebone . An appointment has been made to speak to the victim . ' England great Gascoigne celebrates after scoring his famous goal against Scotland at Euro 96 . Teddy Sheringham joined Gascoigne as he celebrated doubling England 's lead against the Scots . Gascoigne adopted Bianca and her brother Mason after he married her mother Sheryl in 1996 . They also had a child together called Regan . The couple divorced two years later but Bianca and the former Rangers hero are still said to be close . She has appeared on several reality TV shows including Celebrity Love Island and Celebrity Coach Trip , and currently runs the Gaslight club in central London . Last year , she hit out at Twitter trolls who attacked her saying she should have done more to help her step-father , who has had a well-documented battle with alcohol abuse . It came after he was led away from his home by police and an ambulance crew following worried neighbours ' calls to emergency services . One online bully told the glamour model her step-father was ` done ' and another branded her ` attention seeking ' . But she hit back , tweeting : ` There are some sick twisted people out there have some compassion do n't know why people feel the need to be so nasty & have opinions they know nothing about . ' Last month former Tottenham Hotspur and Newcastle United midfielder Gascoigne insisted he was healthy and was n't drinking again during a TV appearance on BT Sport .