England full back Mike Brown is still showing signs of concussion and may not play again until the World Cup warm-up matches in August . Nine weeks after being knocked out in the RBS 6 Nations Test against Italy , Brown is still suffering from headaches and has taken no part in training or team meetings since he returned to Harlequins . Conor O'Shea , Harlequins director of rugby , has ruled the 29-year-old out of Saturday 's Aviva Premiership match against Sale and he is not expected to face Bath the following week . England star Mike Brown could miss the rest of the season after failing to recover from concussion . Brown was taken off after clashing with Italy 's Andrea Masi during the Six Nations match in February . Brown has continued to suffer headaches nine weeks after his injury and has been advised not to play . ` He has headaches throughout the day , ' explained O'Shea . ` He 's frustrated because he wants to help his team-mates . What 's even more frustrating is he ca n't contribute in meetings . He ca n't even be in the room to help people because we 're sending him home to get himself right . I want to see Mike Brown right when he is in his 50s , not when he is in his prime . ' Brown was knocked cold in an accidental collision during England 's 47-17 victory over Italy at Twickenham in February and forced to leave the field . He missed the next game against Ireland but played against Scotland and in the championship decider against France after which he admitted he ` did n't feel quite right ' . Assuming Harlequins do not reach the Champions Cup play-offs , Brown 's last chance to feature before the end of the season will be in the final-round fixture against Newcastle . ` You ca n't rule out the possibility that he might not play again this season , ' said O'Shea . ` Do I think he 'll be right for Bath ? I do n't think so . Do I think we 're looking at Newcastle ? Yes , but if he 's not right then , he 's not right . ' Feb 14 : Knocked out in 13th minute of England 's RBS 6 Nations fixture against Italy following huge collision with Andrea Masi . Feb 25 : Ruled out of England 's Test against Ireland after failing to come through the necessary safety tests . Mar 14 : Played 76 minutes in England 's Calcutta Cup victory over Scotland . Mar 21 : Played full game in England 's final-round victory over France . Mar 23 : Stood down by club medical staff on day of his return to Harlequins . Cleared to have a week-long holiday in Dubai to aid recovery . Mar 28 : Sidelined for Aviva Premiership match against Saracens . Apr 11 : Sidelined for Aviva Premiership match against Gloucester . Brown , who is not even allowed to train on an indoor bike until he is symptom free , is England head coach Stuart Lancaster 's first-choice full back going into the World Cup and O'Shea backs the player to regain his form quickly . England play a double-header against France in August , before facing Ireland in their third and final warm-up fixture in September . ` He 'll have the World Cup warm-ups and he 'll be fine , ' said O'Shea . ` The World Cup is not an issue at all . Mentally , Mike Brown is unflappable and will just get on with it . With your England hat on , you might say this enforced break is the best thing for his limbs . What he 's been told to do is take complete and utter rest . We normally have to pull him away from extra training but he 'll look back on this window and learn from it . ` He will not undergo a normal return to play procedure now -- it will be a more extensive procedure . It 's not about Quins ; it 's about Mike . As a club , we 've looked after the player and did n't have a second thought about standing him down the Monday he came in . This is n't like the old days -- it 's not a badge of honour to play on any more . ' Harlequins director of rugby Conor O'Shea says that he does not blame the England for Brown 's injury . Having played only six of Quins ' last 19 fixtures , brown will gain valuable game time in the England preparation games . It raises the question as to whether he was rushed back too early , although O'Shea does not lay any blame at England 's door . ` I 'm not remotely frustrated at them , ' said O'Shea . ` Mike was honest enough to pull himself out from the Irish game and everyone has a duty of care towards the player . ` Even a slight intimation that anyone does not look after the player 's best interests is just wrong . ' Brown breaks clear to score the opening try for Harlequins against Bath at Twickenham last year .