Known for their high-end boutiques , wallet-stretching gastronomical delights , and luxurious hotel offerings , it may seem like an impossible dream to visit some of the world 's most cosmopolitan cities on a budget . However , with the help of last-minute booking sites and a little bit of insider knowledge , it turns out that there are plenty of ways to experience these stunning destinations - without breaking the bank . Opt for a stroll around New York 's recently-built Highline or Paris ' Jardin du Luxembourg , or visit one of London 's many free museums for a no-cost cultural fix . A walk through Times Square wo n't cost you anything - as long as you can avoid the temptation to shop . Alternatively , pack a picnic lunch and sit along Lake Zurich 's promenade or the sprawling Sheep 's Meadow in Central Park . MailOnline Travel reveals the best ways to save a buck in some of the world 's most budget-busting cities ... New York City . Manhattan may be known for its luxurious accommodations and expensive Fifth Avenue boutiques , but , believe it or not , it is possible to visit the Big Apple and stick to a budget . If you can resist the temptation of popping into over-priced shops and restaurants , a stroll around Times Square wo n't cost you a dollar and nearby Central Park and Grand Central Station are likewise free to peruse for an afternoon . For those who prefer to stay south of 42nd Street , the Union Square Farmer 's Market , open on weekend mornings , is fantastic for people-watching and you ca n't beat a stroll along the recently-opened Highline with its breathtaking views of the Hudson River . When it comes to low-cost hotels , the concrete jungle does have a surprisingly good selection of properties for under £ 100 per night . In the warmer months , a stroll through Central Park is the ultimate no-cost activity for locals and visitors alike . Apple Core Hotels ' nyma , a new york manhattan hotel , offers rooms for under £ 100 per night . The hotel is well-located - just five minutes from the Empire State Building - and even has a rooftop terrace . Hotel 31 and Apple Core Hotels ' nyma , a new york manhattan hotel , are both located just a five-minute walk from the Empire State Building , which is great for those looking to stay in the heart of midtown without breaking the bank . For a taste of how the locals live , head to the Broadway Hotel and Hostel or the Belnord Hotel on the city 's Upper West Side . From there , it 's a quick walk to the American Museum of Natural History and Central Park 's iconic Strawberry Fields , and just steps from countless -LRB- less expensive -RRB- dining and bar options . Zurich likewise offers inexpensive thrills , such as the Botanischer Garten , which is free to the public . The many promenades lining Lake Zurich are perfect for a low-cost afternoon picnic in the sun . Zurich . Another of the world 's most expensive cities , Zurich likewise offers inexpensive thrills for those who are willing to look . The city 's Botanischer Garten , for example , is free to the public , while the many parks and promenade that line the stunning Lake Zurich are the perfect locations for an afternoon picnic in the sun . For breathtaking city views , wander up Lindenhof Hill , which is the highest point in the old town and also the historical site of a Roman castle . In the summer , many festivals and public events take place on the hill . For breathtaking city views on a budget , climb Lindenhoff Hill , which is the highest point in the old town . Located in the semi-rural Bonstetten area , Hotel Oktogon is just a quick 15 minute train ride into the city centre . For those who do n't mind staying closer to the airport , the Ibis Zurich Messe-Airport is situated about 20 minutes from the city centre with plenty of bus links easily accessible . Another option for under £ 100 per night is The Guest 's House , a cosy bed and breakfast situated at the foot of the Uetliberg Mountain , about 15 minutes from the heart of the city . In the semi-rural Bonstetten area , the highly-rated Hotel Oktogon is also about 20 minutes away from the Zurich city centre by car , or a quick 15 minute train ride into Zurich 's main station . The English capital is full of many inexpensive activities , such as a quick photo shoot in front of Big Ben . Take a walk through one of London 's Hyde Park or visit Buckingham Palace for the changing of the guards . London . The English capital is full of many inexpensive activities , from exploring the many beautiful parks to paying a visit to Buckingham Palace to watch the changing of the guards ceremony . The British Museum , in Bloomsbury , and The National Gallery , located in Trafalgar Square , are also free - though select exhibitions may cost more - and are both great starting points to explore the rest of the city . Similarly , paying a visit to Big Ben , Westminster Abbey , or St. Paul 's Cathedral wo n't impact your wallet , though to go inside , you will have to pay a fee . On the weekends , meander through the crowds along the Southbank , admire the blooms at the Columbia Road Flower Market or take in the sights -LRB- and scents -RRB- of Borough Market . Stay where the locals live - in Dalston - at Premier Inn 's London Hackney property . In Trafalgar Square , The National Gallery offers free entry - though donations are recommended . The Jesmond Dene Hotel is another great low-cost option , as its situated just minutes from Kings Cross . For visitors willing to stay a bit outside the immediate centre of the city , there are plenty of deals to be found . In the trendy East End , the Premier Inn London Hackney , is located near countless bars , restaurants and shops , and across the street from a London Overground station , which will take you straight into Central London in just eight minutes . And for those catching a train and heading off on their very own eurotrip , the Jesmond Dene Hotel , conveniently situated just minutes from Kings Cross St Pancras . Plus , it 's also an easy walk to many main London attractions . While you may need to pay to go up to the top of the CN Tower , a stroll past wo n't cost you a penny . Visit Toronto 's trendy Distillery District or channel your inner bohemian at Kensington Market -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Toronto . While you may need to pay to get to top of the third-tallest tower in the world , strolling past the city 's iconic CN Tower wo n't cost you a penny . During the sunny summer months , do as the locals do and board a ferry to nearby Toronto Island and take part in kayaking or canoeing , or simply lounge in one of the many green spaces . The city 's trendy Distillery District is likewise free to roam , or , alternatively , channel your inner bohemian and head west to the shops and cafes of nearby Kensington Market . Just east of the downtown core is the Delta Toronto East hotel , offering easy access to the city centre . During the warm summer months , locals and visitors take the ferry across to Toronto Island . To save money , opt to stay outside of the city core and instead look to North York 's Best Western Plus , bookable on TripAdvisor from £ 83 per night or the Delta Toronto East , set just outside the downtown district . From North York , it 's just a short drive - about 20 minutes - to the CN Tower , while the Delta property , located in Scarborough , is also easily accessible to the Toronto Zoo . And if you feel like splurging , both hotels are also nearby to one of the city 's top shopping centres , Yorkdale . When it comes to saving money in the world 's haute-couture fashion capital , you need to know where to look . Thankfully , it 's free to visit Champs de Mars and to take a walk through the Jardin du Luxembourg . Paris . When it comes to saving money in the world 's haute-couture fashion capital , it may seem like it 's next to impossible . Aside from the plethora of Hermes and Louis Vuitton boutiques beckoning , there are also an endless number of gastronomical musts around the city , however it is possible to see the City of Lights on a budget . Looking for activities that do n't cost a Euro ? Take a stroll through the charming Montmartre neighbourhood , pay a visit to the Notre Dame Cathedral and the Eiffel Tower - to save money , skip going inside - and stop to smell the flowers in the Jardin du Luxembourg . The charming Montmartre district is perfect for an afternoon stroll to see the painters and cobblestone streets . For a hearty meal on a budget , try L'As du Fallafel in the trendy Le Marais district . Considered by many to be the city 's best falafel , L'As du Fallafel in the trendy Le Marais district is a great place to dine on a budget . And who says you have to compromise location to save a few pounds ? In the heart of Paris ' 9th district , the Hotel George Opera - Astotel , which rents for £ 99 per night , is easily accessible to the Moulin Rouge , Sacre Coeur and Galeries Lafayette . Likewise , Hotel Darcet , just 100 metres from Place de Clichy , is just a stone 's throw from trendy Montmartre . No trip to Tokyo is complete without taking in the bright lights of the Ginza Crossing at dusk . Visit the Imperial Palace , but opt for a walk along the park paths instead of paying for entry . Tokyo . In such a hyperactive metropolis , it 's easy to quickly breeze through a good deal of yen . However , there are plenty of low-cost activities that will ensure you see the best of the Big Sushi , without destroying your wallet . The city 's Imperial Palace may charge to enter , but the park paths that surround the impressive structure are free . And on Sundays , there are also 250 free bikes offered if you fancy a pedal . No trip to Tokyo is complete without visiting the candy coloured Harajuku neighbourhood , or without taking in the sights of the Ginza district at dusk . -LRB- Think Times Square , but even busier . -RRB- . For a budget stay without sacrificing style , try the Hotel Sunroute Plaza Shinjuku in the city 's business district . Dodge the brightly-hued crowds on Takeshita Dori street in the city 's candy-coloured Harajuku district . At The Edo Sakura , Japanese or Western style rooms start from £ 84 per night on TripAdvisor . For a cheap overnight stay , The Edo Sakura , with rooms for £ 84 per night , offers easy access to the centre of Tokyo and a choice of Japanese or Western style rooms . If you prefer to walk , try the Hotel Sunroute Plaza Shinjuku in the city 's business district . It 's convenient if you 're travelling for work and a reasonable price if you 're simply looking for a great location from which to explore some of Tokyo 's main attractions and the hundreds of nearby bars and eateries . All hotel prices reflect the cost for a weekend in mid-July , and all rankings are according to the TripAdvisor Popularity Index .