Showcasing a pair of toned arms and a pretty decolletage , the strapless dress is a red carpet staple for fine-boned actresses such as Jennifer Aniston and Gwyneth Paltrow . But can a woman with 34G curves like mine ever look fab in a strapless dress ? SECRET SUPPORT . Lace pencil dress , £ 169 , Monsoon.co.uk . Blue caged heels , £ 39.99 , Zara.com . I would never have believed that a strapless dress might make me look smaller than I am . This one manages the impossible . The narrow skirt clings to my hips and legs , making me look taller and slimmer , and the bustline is quite high , hiding the cleavage which gives a nice demure look . What I really like is the scalloped edge of the dress against the bust and at the hem , which softens the silhouette . But while looking summery , the lace fabric actually gives quite a lot of secret support , boosted by the Chantelle strapless bra I wear underneath all the dresses . Great for summer weddings . 4/5 . ONE FOR TEENS . Prom-style dress , £ 58.99 , Chichiclothing.com . Gold sandals , £ 34,99 , newlook.com . This might look lovely on a teenage girl , but on me -- eek ! At 48 I 'm at least 30 years too old to carry it off . The material is flimsy and there 's almost no structure , so my bust looks horribly saggy . And the full skirt makes me look as large around the bottom as I am on top -- not a good look . Forget dream prom dress -- this is a nightmare . 1/5 . FLATTERING AND COMFY . Floral maxi dress , £ 72 , Asos.com . The large , floral pattern that adorns this floaty maxi dress is the key to its flattering effect . It distracts the eye which instantly slims you . This is a relaxed , 1970s style , so anything too fitted would look out of place . The best thing is how comfortable it feels . You could wear it anywhere -- to the beach , to a garden party , or to an evening do . A winner , and at a great price , too . 5/5 . SHORT ... BUT NOT SWEET . Mini dress , £ 45 , Riverisland.com ; Strap-heeled sandals , £ 39.99 , Zara.com . This clings well and gives me a neat waistline . The bandeau-style top is supportive of my bust while slimming it down . But below the waist it 's a different story . Quite frankly , the skirt is far too short . I 've always believed you have to choose between showing off your boobs or your legs : doing both veers far too close to tarty for my liking . I 'd have given this dress full marks if it had been ten inches longer . 2/5 . OSCAR WORTHY . Double layer maxi dress , £ 110 , Jarlolondon.co.uk . This clever design has a double layer : the lining clings tightly , but the top layer skims over the chest for a classier silhouette . The overall look is statuesque and Grecian . The vibrant orange shade makes it the perfect choice for a summer party -- it would look fab with a tan . In it , I feel like Cameron Diaz going up for an Oscar . I 'm ready for my close-up . 5/5 . I LOOK SO SLIM . Sweetheart neckline dress , £ 150 , Coast-stores.com ; Heels . £ 485 , biondacastana.com . This sophisticated little summery frock has a sweetheart neckline , which curves down to show a bit of cleavage and then rises up to cover the breasts on either side , striking the perfect balance between flirtiness and discretion . As well as being flattering , the bodice is structured and well-made , minimising my bust and giving plenty of support where it 's needed -- there 's no way I 'll be falling out of this frock . The clingy pencil skirt has the same miraculous effect , slimming down my bottom and hips , and falling flatteringly below the knee . I can certainly imagine myself going to a summer wedding in this little green number . 4/5 .