David Cameron this afternoon hit back at growing criticism over his election campaign -- vowing to carry on warning about Labour 's threat to the economy . The Prime Minister this morning faced the first serious criticism of the campaign so far , as Tory donors rounded on the party 's lacklustre message and failure to pull away in the polls . But a defiant Mr Cameron this afternoon pledged to continue focussing on bread-and-butter issues like jobs , business and childcare . Scroll down for video . David Cameron this afternoon hit back at growing criticism over his election campaign -- vowing to carry on warning about Labour 's threat to the economy . He told supporters in Somerset : ` If you want political excitement . Go to Greece . If you want more showbiz in this election . Go to Hollywood . ` But here and now in the UK I 'm focused on something real -- a stronger economy . ' Mr Cameron insisted the economy ` excites ' millions of people . He said he would campaign on ` more jobs , more homes , more business , more childcare , more security in retirement ' . He said : ` I make no apologies for focusing hard on that which is central to everything . When you get a new job , a new home , get a new childcare place or start a new business ... now that 's truly exiting . ` And you only get these things with a strong and stable government - not one held to ransom . That 's not the excitement ` Britain needs . That 's not a risk Britain should take . ' Mr Cameron 's remarks comes amid claims senior Tory figures are already planning to make Boris Johnson the next leader . Some MPs are prepared to engineer a coup against Mr Cameron in the days after May 7 by submitting letters of no-confidence in him and planning a ` mass show of support ' for the London Mayor if the Tories lose , the Sunday Times reported . One major donor , who declined to be named , told the newspaper : ` Boris is the only one who can win . Everyone knows what is going to happen in 10 days ' time . If Dave does n't make it we 'll get rid of him . ' The Tories have nudged ahead in the polls with less than two weeks to go until polling day , but Tories are increasingly concerned it may be too little too late . London Mayor Boris Johnson - appearing on the BBC 's Andrew Marr show this morning , has distanced himself from claims that he is being lined up to replace David Cameron as Tory leader . Multimillionaire Tory donor Peter Hall , who has given almost £ 600,000 to the Tory party since 2005 , meanwhile has criticised Mr Cameron 's ` curious lack of energy and belief in his campaign . ' He said the PM needs to raise his game and ` unleash visceral passion and belief in his vision of the future ' , ` get down and dirty ' , as well as showing ` he cares ' , if he is to win on May 7 . ` If we do n't have a Conservative government after May 7 it will be because of David Cameron . His decision not to keep those Ukip people in the Tory tribe was a key error . ` I see no powerful vision of the future provided by David Cameron . There is no clear considered view of where we are headed . ' Mr Hall warned that Cameron 's mantra as a sound steward of the economy ` is not enough to win the votes needed to win the election ' and added : ` Some people are really quite resigned to losing and they are planning the next step . ` It 's a horrifying prospect if we were to lose . How can we lose when so much is at stake and when we have such a strong hand ? '