Winning a free trip would put a wide grin on most people 's faces , but one tourist could n't hide his ` misery ' during a dream holiday to Puerto Rico . Kevin Blandford 's holiday snaps have gone viral on the internet , with each one showing him pulling the same sad face in an attempt to prove how much he missed his wife . The 33-year-old , from Louisville , Kentucky , won the Caribbean getaway through his workplace , but his wife , Bonnie , was n't able to join him because she stayed home to care for their six-month-old daughter . Kevin Blandford 's photo album has gone viral with more than two million views on the website Imgur . After posting the photos he wrote that he won a free trip to Puerto Rico but his wife was unable to join him . Kevin said ` a dedicated friend ' took the photos that show him looking miserable during his holiday . Amusing photos show Kevin looking sad while snorkelling next to a boat called ` Spread Eagle II ' , playing a slot machine at a casino and sipping drinks in the sunshine . Kevin said the idea came to him out of the blue after a friend who joined him on last week 's trip snapped a candid photo of him . Kevin told MailOnline Travel : ` It kind of happened organically . I was sitting there with my friend , he took a picture of me and I looked miserable . ` We started talking about it and we thought it would be funny to say that I did n't have any fun at all because Bonnie could n't come with me . ' At the end of the trip he posted the photos on Facebook and Reddit , where they quickly became an online sensation . Each photo shows Kevin pulling the same sad face in an attempt to prove how much he missed his wife . Kevin wrote online that his wife could not accompany him because she stayed home to care for their child . In his post on Reddit , Kevin wrote : ` Won a trip to Puerto Rico and could n't take my wife . Did n't have a single second of fun . ' Thinking the post would amuse family and friends , the photo album has been viewed more than two million times on Imgur and attracted nearly 3,000 comments on Reddit . Many users wanted to know who was snapping photos of Kevin if it was n't his wife who accompanied him on the trip . On Reddit , he told commenters that the images -- including snaps showing him looking glum in bed and under a waterfall in a swimming pool -- were taken by ` a dedicated friend ' . In a comment added later , he explained why his wife did n't accompany him : ` I have a 6 month old , -LSB- my wife -RSB- did n't want to be away from her for that long and taking her made things very complicated with the type of trip it was . ' After posting the photos online Kevin Blandford wrote that he ` did n't have a single second of fun ' Amusing photos show Kevin looking sad on the plane , in the sea and while sipping drinks in the sunshine . Despite his expression in the photos , Kevin said he had a good time on his getaway , and his wife had a good laugh when he showed her the pictures . He said : ` It was a fun trip . It was a work trip , though , so there were a lot of presentations and meetings . ' He is shocked by the amount of attention he has received since he shared the photos with Reddit users . Since the photos were posted on Monday he has been contacted by media from around the world , including an Australian news network which asked him to do a live interview . Kevin said : ` It 's pretty surreal . I did n't think that it was going to blow up like it did . ' Kevin said he has been shocked by the amount of attention he has received since he posted the photos . The photos have had nearly 3,000 comments on Reddit , with many users wanting to know who took the photos . Bonnie told MailOnline Travel that she did n't ` get ' the joke when Kevin sent the first photo , and she assumed he was tired from travelling . She said : ` Photos began pouring in and I thought , per usual , they were quite ridiculous and wondered what he and his `` dedicated friend '' were up to this time . ` After a few , I clearly understood the joke and expected each new photo would be more hilarious . ' And she knows he was n't miserable without her . ` I know he truly wanted me there , but was accompanied by the next best person and I know too well they enjoyed visiting very much . I did appreciate the joke and their efforts . ' This photo , showing Kevin playing Diablo III with his daughter , went viral after it was shared on Reddit . This is n't the first time one of Kevin 's photos has gone viral . Two months ago he shared a photo on Reddit that shows him playing Diablo III , with his daughter , Gwyneth Paige , on his lap . The baby girl has a look of pure joy on her face as Kevin obliterates characters in the video game .