A lot of the attention on Sunday was aimed in the direction of Rory McIlroy and Tiger Woods who were paired up in the final round . McIlroy did his level best to repair the damage of a tentative opening 27 holes by shooting 31 for the back nine on Friday and following it with scores of 68 and 66 over the weekend . The world No 1 finished strongly , but the battle came too late to challenge long-time leader Jordan Spieth for the green jacket . Tiger Woods and Rory McIlroy were paired together for the final day , but neither could mount a challenge . McIlroy is yet to win The Masters but his birdie at the last gave him a final round of 66 and elevated him into a fourth-place finish . Not what he was hoping for but a performance that suggests it wo n't be long until he adds a green jacket to his major collection . McIlroy , speaking on BBC Two after finishing 12 under : ` I played well . I 've played well over the entire weekend , a disappointing finish yesterday ... but there are a lot of positives to take from it . ` I did n't quite have enough and it does n't look like anyone could have kept up with Jordan this week . Woods and McIlroy shake hands after playing their final round together at the Augusta National Golf Club . Woods and McIlroy share a joke during the final round of the 2015 Masters at Augusta . McIlroy hit a final round of 66 to finish on 12 under par in fourth place , six shots behind the eventual winner . Spieth rounded off a record-breaking week by winning the first major of his career with a four-shot victory in the Masters at Augusta . The 21-year-old American , who finished in a tie for second in 2014 , held a four-shot lead heading into Sunday and never looked in trouble despite the efforts of the chasing pack led by Phil Mickelson and Justin Rose . Spieth led all week at Augusta , becoming the first man ever to reach 19 under par in the Masters before bogeying the 18th hole , and proudly collected the green jacket for the first time in his young career . Jordan Spieth won his first ever major title with victory at the Masters at Augusta on Sunday . His final round of 70 went along with his first three scores this week of 64 , 66 and 70 to round off a stunning performance . And McIlroy admits he was beaten by the better man this week . ` If someone had told me I would finish 12 under at the start of the week I would have taken it and sat back and seen where I finished , ' he said . ` Jordan started fantastically well and has kept his foot down and been really impressive . ' The 21-year-old won the coveted green jacket for the first time in his career having finished runner up in 2014 .