Two warring sisters were yesterday stripped of the right to control their aged mother 's fortune because of the intensity of the hatred between them . The hostility between the women -- one a 61-year-old retired GP and the other a 58-year-old radiographer -- meant they would never be able to make rational decisions about how to deal with the 97-year-old widow 's property , a judge said . Senior Judge Denzil Lush said the elder sister could be jailed for attempting to alter a legal document , so she could gain greater control over her mother 's money . The mother , who has dementia , lives in a care home in Stoke Mandeville , Buckinghamshire . She owns a £ 600,000 house , has savings and shares worth £ 100,000 , and has an income of £ 1,200 a month . The Court of Protection case was brought by the Office of the Public Guardian -LRB- pictured -RRB- - the regulator of agreements for people without capacity . The judge said both sisters were unsuitable to control her affairs ` because of the intense acrimony between them ' . Instead he appointed a court deputy to carry out this role . The ruling was made in the secretive Court of Protection in which hearings are routinely closed to the public . The judge ordered that none of the family be named . Senior Judge Lush said the ` daughters do n't see eye to eye . In fact , they detest each other . ' According to the GP , the judge said , ` the two of them have been in the same room together on five occasions during the last five years , and on each occasion her sister has refused point blank either to speak to her or even acknowledge her presence . The only communication between them is by email , and this is usually rancorous in tone . ' The disastrous relationship between the two sisters and their failure to handle their mother 's affairs as she slipped into dementia were revealed in a ruling by the secretive Court of Protection . The sisters agreed with their mother in 2007 that they should draw up an agreement to control her money and property if she became unable to do so herself . The mother , a widow since 1984 , owns a house in Marlow worth between £ 550,000 and £ 600,000 , savings and shares worth about £ 100,000 , and has an income of around £ 1,200 a month . Since suffering from dementia she has lived in a care home in Stoke Mandeville that costs £ 940 a week . However , the sisters have rowed over their mother 's care . The dispute has involved the younger sister , the radiographer , objecting to her elder sibling 's choice of care home - which is a two-hour journey away from her own house . It has also involved an accusation from the GP that her younger sibling only visits their mother once a week or once a fortnight . The document drawn up by the sisters in 2007 to control their mother 's affairs - an Enduring Power of Attorney - was put into effect in 2013 . Since suffering from dementia the mother has lived in a care home in Stoke Mandeville -LRB- pictured -RRB- costing £ 940 a week . But Senior Judge Lush said that at some stage the elder sister had attempted to alter the document . She attempted to change the attorneys ' appointment from ` joint ' to ` joint and several ' . It meant that the doctor could take decisions on her own about the money , without reference to her sister . The judge added that when she registered the new document the GP ` knew that this statement was false . ' The Court of Protection case was brought by the Office of the Public Guardian - the regulator of agreements for people without capacity . The OPG told the court that there were no witnesses to the alteration of the document . Judge Lush said there were criminal penalties for dishonestly tampering with an Enduring Power of Attorney . Laura Knight of the OPG told the court that ` it is more difficult to believe that a professional person with the responsibilities of the GP would misunderstand the difference in appointment types ' . Miss Knight added that the GP said that her late aunt had agreed that the document should be changed , but ` while this seems plausible , it is alarming to see an attempt by reasonably educated people at amending an important legal document without any witnessing being attempted or legal advice being taken . ' Judge Lush said there were criminal penalties for dishonestly tampering with an Enduring Power of Attorney . He said the punishments could run up to two years in jail but any charges were a matter for the Crown Prosecution Service . He added that he thought prosecution would not be in the interests of the mother , who would be caused ` significant distress ' . The judge said of the doctor : ` Notwithstanding the natural love and affection between them and the undoubted support she has provided to her mother in recent years , I find her unsuitable to be the donor 's attorney . '