Joe Root admitted pitches like the one in Grenada make it easier to make centuries and harder to win games , as West Indies batted themselves into a position of relative comfort on day four of the second Test . Regardless of the state of the wicket , Root was in superb touch on his way to 182 not out in the morning session , his second highest score and the fourth of his six hundreds to pass the 150 mark . But for the second match in a row England 's hopes of pushing for victory were railroaded by a dead pitch that was arguably better for run-making than on day one . Joe Root hits another ball to the boundary on his way to an impressive big hundred in Grenada . Root admitted that the flat pitch made it too easy to score runs and too tough to take wickets . Root 's efforts left the West Indies with a 165-run deficit , but they cleared that to finish 37 ahead on 202 for two at stumps . Speaking after the match , Root lifted the lid on the tourists ' frustrations . ` These pitches are great for batters because we get big scores but as far as Test cricket is concerned , it 's not ideal , ' he said . ` Unfortunately , it 's a very unresponsive pitch and it 's been hard work . ` We all thought it might break up a little bit more and give a little bit more spin than it has done , but unfortunately it has n't happened . ` This is what we 've got to deal with , and we 've just got to get on the best we can . ' Stuart Broad , who eventually took the wicket of Darren Bravo , found the going tough in Grenada . Ben Stokes sees the ball disappear to the boundary once again as England struggled on day four . In all likelihood , the destiny of the game will be decided in the morning . England are five overs away from a new ball - which has been the only bankable way of making things happen - and must make it count with a cluster of wickets to set themselves for success . ` We 're going to need a very good first hour in the morning , ' he said . ` With the new ball we 'll need a couple of early wickets and you never know . They 're only 40 ahead , so if it 's bang bang in the morning we 've got a game on our hands . ` That would definitely give us the best chance of winning the game on a very flat wicket . ` Our only chance is wickets with the new ball , whether it be with seam or spin , that 's the way it looks at the moment , but you never know . ' Root admitted that England need early wickets with the new ball , just as James Anderson achieved on day four . West Indies go in to the final morning with Kraigg Brathwaite on 101 not out having compiled a dogged fourth Test ton and England 's tormentor-in-chief Marlon Samuels alongside . Samuels , who memorably saluted Ben Stokes after his dismissal on the third evening , was not sledged when he arrived at the crease but Root had no guarantees that would continue . ` Everyone was very well behaved tonight , there was no-one speaking up , ' he added . ` We 'll see how tomorrow goes . Concentration might come into it , and maybe a bit of banter could spice things up a bit . '