Like the old saying goes : if it seems too good to be true , it probably is . A Melbourne based couple learnt this the hard way after a crowdfunding page they launched received a baffling pledge for over $ 2 billion . Within an hour , the momentous donation to a kangaroo preservation project launched by ecologists Euan Ritchie and Jen Martin had vanished , and they still have n't been able to track down the would-be benefactor . Scroll down for video . Euan Ritchie and Jen Martin 's crowdfunding page they launched received a baffling pledge for over $ 2 billion . ` My initial reaction was shock and disbelief , ' Euan Ritchie told Daily Mail Australia . ` I was very sceptical but a big part of me wanted to believe it was real . ' The couple decided to make the page after Indigenous tribes from the Northern Territory told them kangaroos from the region were disappearing at an alarming rate . ` The importance of the mission is absolutely critical . Australia has the highest extinction rate for native mammals , and if we do n't act now we will lose many more . ' The couple launched the crowdfunding page in a bid to track the numbers of kangaroos in the area . In the last 200 years , Australia has lost over 10 % of its native mammals , the highest loss of native mammals of any country in the world over that period . The couple launched the crowdfunding page in a bid to track the numbers of kangaroos in the area , and within two days they received the mystifying pledge from someone called Jeffrey Green . ` I contacted Pozible and started researching online , and within an hour the pledge disappeared . It was very strange and I still do n't understand . ' Mr Ritchie was shocked when the crowdfunding page received a baffling pledge for over $ 2 billion . Pozible cancelled the payment because it was deemed suspicious , cancelling the account of Jeffrey Green . The website has since attempted to track down the mystery pledger but to no avail . ` We still have no idea who would pull this prank on us . They even claimed the maximum prize , a $ 2000 wildlife spotting day in cairns . ' Despite the incident , the couple hope to reach the $ 15,000 goal . The couple still hope to reach their goal of $ 15,000 to their kangaroo preservation project .