A selection of thirsty animals were captured drinking water in their own unique way -- and the results are hilarious . Elad Hershkowitz , a zookeeper at the Zoological Center in Tel Aviv , placed a GoPro camera at the bottom of water troughs to capture the different perspectives . The animals -- ranging from a rhino who almost kisses the surface of the water to a lemur who delicately licks it -- were recorded for a total of 30 hours . Zookeeper Elad Hershkowitz , of the Zoological Center in Tel Aviv , filmed animals drinking on a GoPro camera . He placed the camera in the animals ' water troughs and filmed them for a total of 30 hours . The 26-year-old then cut the final footage down to four minutes . He said : ` Capturing this footage was really special . It offers a completely unique perspective to anything I 've ever seen before . ` I had the idea whilst walking around the enclosures and I saw the zebras drinking . ` It made me curious to see what was going on below so I decided to check how the rest of the animals drink . Hershkowitz said some of the animals were initially sceptical about the foreign object in their troughs . A commanding rhino appears to almost kiss the surface of the water after it purses its lips and takes a drink . ` There is a massive difference in how each animal drinks . Carnivores , like lions , drink a lot like domesticated cats and dogs . Herbivores like the rhinos and zebras suck up the water with their lips . ' According to Mr Hershkowitz , some of the animals were initially sceptical about the foreign object placed at the bottom of their trough . He said they attempted to check them out by putting their hooves and paws into the water first before going to take a drink . Eventually however , they got used to the camera 's presence and drank freely . A lemur is featured in the four minute footage and delicately licks the surface of the water with its tongue . A herd of zebra humorously bare their teeth while gently sipping the water from their trough . The zookeeper also anticipated a range of reactions from the animals before the experiment and ensured that the camera was secure before it took place . ` I was really worried the lions would bite off the GoPro , so I placed a sheet of acrylic glass above the camera , ' he said . In the clip the lion can be seen aggressively breaking the surface of the water with its tongue , and is in complete contrast to a herd of zebra , who humorously bare their teeth while gently sipping .