Jack Grealish must concentrate on his Aston Villa career rather than his international future , according to Tim Sherwood . Sherwood has been impressed with the 19-year-old who starred for Villa in their FA Cup semi-final win over Liverpool on Sunday and is now at the centre of a tug of war between the Republic of Ireland and England . But Sherwood wants Grealish to focus on continuing to force his way into the Villa first team . Jack Grealish takes on Liverpool 's Emre Can at Wembley during Aston Villa 's 2-1 victory at Wembley . Grealish -LRB- centre -RRB- impressed against Liverpool and is wanted by the Republic of Ireland and England . ` It 's up to Jack where he wants to go . It 's purely up to him . What I 've got to do is make sure he 's got that decision to make . He must be doing something right for Aston Villa if he 's got those options . That 's my priority , ' Sherwood told talkSport . ` Then it 's up to Jack to decide where he wants to go . I had the same situation with Nabil Bentaleb -LSB- at Tottenham -RSB- , who could have played for France but decided to pick Algeria . I did have a chat with him and he asked me what to do . I just said : `` you 've got to go with your heart . Do you think you 're French or Algerian ? '' ` That 's the decision he had to make and now Jack has got to make that decision . He has to play a few more times for Aston Villa before he needs to make that decision . When some kids come and play with the first team sometimes , they 're a bit overawed , but Jack 's not . ` He receives the ball and dribbles it around people . They kick lumps out of him because he 's so confident . The ball is his friend , it sticks to his foot . The more opportunities he gets , the better he 's going to become . ' Grealish is expected to choose between Ireland and England at the end of the season and Sportsmail understands that he is split between the two countries at the moment . Grealish 's dad Kevin agreed that his son must concentrate on his club football first . ` That is fantastic -LSB- advice -RSB- . He had a good game against -LSB- Liverpool -RSB- and a few games decent recently and he has to keep doing that first and the international stuff will come , ' he told talkSport . ` It is going to be a difficult decision and it is completely up to Jack . ` There is a friendly coming up soon and he could play 45 minutes for Ireland and 45 minutes for England . Grealish -LRB- left -RRB- has played for the Republic of Ireland 's youth teams but England will hope to turn his head . Tim Sherwood celebrates Villa 's win over Liverpool and wants more of the same from Grealish .