Arsenal 's Olivier Giroud and Arsene Wenger have been named as the Barclays Premier League Player and Manager of the Month for March - with the France striker thwarting Harry Kane 's bid for a third award in a row . Giroud netted five times in Arsenal 's four consecutive league wins last month as Wenger 's side took all 12 points on offer . The Gunners are now a point behind second-placed Manchester City with eight games remaining . Olivier Giroud -LRB- left -RRB- and Arsene Wenger are the Premier League Player and Manager of the Month . Striker Giroud scored five goals in four games for Arsenal in March to earn the award . Wenger inspired Arsenal to four victories from four games in the Premier League . Arsenal sit third in the Premier League following their impressive March , seven points behind Chelsea . March 1 Arsenal 2-0 Everton -LRB- 1 Giroud goal -RRB- . March 4 QPR 1-2 Arsenal -LRB- 1 -RRB- . March 14 Arsenal 3-0 West Ham -LRB- 1 -RRB- . March 21 Newcastle United 1-2 Arsenal -LRB- 2 -RRB- . Giroud 's impressive form stopped Tottenham striker Kane from becoming the first player to take three consecutive Player of the Month gongs . ` I 'm really pleased with it , ' Giroud told Arsenal 's official website . ` I would like to thank my team-mates and of course the fans , because it 's a collective sport and I could n't do it on my own . ` It 's a great honour to have been selected as Player of the Month , especially because we wanted to bounce back from the Champions League disappointment . ` That 's what we 've done and we 've come back really strongly . We all want to finish strongly and this award will give me more confidence for the following games . ' Kane also fired five goals in four appearances for Mauricio Pochettino 's side in March , including his first ever Premier League hat-trick when Spurs beat Leicester City 4-3 at White Hart Lane . But it was Giroud who took the honours after finding the back of the net in all of Arsenal 's league encounters . He opened proceedings in Arsenal 's 2-0 home win over Everton and got another in the 2-1 victory against London rivals Queens Park Rangers . Harry Kane also scored five times for Tottenham in March but missed out on player of the month . Kane -LRB- second right -RRB- holds the ball after his first Premier League hat-trick for Tottenham against Sunderland . Kane -LRB- centre -RRB- scored both goals as Tottenham beat Queens Park Rangers 2-1 at Loftus Road . His impressive form continued when he got the first goal in the 3-0 home victory over West Ham before spearheading Arsenal 's attack once again with both goals in the 2-1 win at Newcastle . Arsenal host Liverpool in the early Premier League game on Saturday knowing another victory would move them nine points ahead of Brendan Rodgers ' side and above City , who play Crystal Palace on Monday .