Six children were left without a father after a cold-blooded execution-style shooting in Melbourne 's southwest . The 39-year-old man , reported to be a father of six , was shot numerous times while sitting in a car in his mother 's Altona Meadows driveway at about 2 am on Sunday . The Herald Sun reports that the man was known on Facebook under the nickname Karl Kay . He died shortly after paramedics arrived at the scene . Scroll down for video . The shooting victim , reportedly known as Karl Kay on Facebook , is pictured -LRB- left -RRB- with rapper Eve . The 39-year-old man was shot numerous times while sitting in a car in his mother 's Altona Meadows driveway . Homicide Detective Sergeant Sol Solomon said while no eyewitnesses to the shooting had come forward , neighbours reported hearing screeching tyres soon after shots were fired . `` He received emergency treatment but unfortunately died at the scene , '' he said . Police believe the attack was targeted and confirmed the victim was known to police . The man 's mother and several other family members who were in the house at the time are assisting police with their investigation , Detective Solomon says . Homicide Detective Sergeant Sol Solomon said no eyewitnesses to the shooting had come forward . Police refused to comment on whether the incident was gang-related . Homicide detectives and Critical Incident Response police cordoned off Altona Meadows and the Lewin Court area . Ballistics experts combed the man 's silver sedan for forensic evidence , as dozens of family and friends arrived at the house . No one has been arrested over the shooting . Police refused to comment on whether the incident was gang-related . Friends paid tribute to the man on Facebook . ` May God bless you . Oh God , Amen , ' said friend Abo Issam . The man 's mother , who was ` extremely traumatised ' , was taken to a local police station to help detectives with their investigation . Ballistics experts combed the man 's silver sedan for forensic evidence at Altona Meadows . Neighbours told The Herald Sun they still felt safe despite the shooting . ` I do n't know how to take it . It 's a little bit daunting , especially when you 've got young children . I do n't think we 're in any harm . It 's a vendetta I believe , ' one father said . Another neighbour said : ` They have their parties and late-night gatherings but never any trouble . They seem friendly enough . ' Homicide detectives and Critical Incident Response police cordoned off the area .