It is a remarkable , eye-popping portrait of Scotland 's First Minister , Nicola Sturgeon . Entitled ` Naughty Nicola ' , the painting depicts her as a dominatrix in a short red dress , black suspenders on display and whip in hand . But instead of being offended , Ms Sturgeon is ` tickled ' by the image , so much so it is believed to grace the wall of her suburban Glasgow home after she was given it as a birthday gift by her husband , Peter Murrell . He is the man credited with transforming the nationalist leader from surly apparatchik to national stateswoman -- on the brink of holding the balance of power . Eye-popping : The painting allegedly hanging in the home of SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon shows her as a dominatrix -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Couple : The image is said to grace the wall of Sturgeon 's -LRB- left -RRB- suburban Glasgow home after she was given it as a birthday gift by her husband , Peter Murrell -LRB- right -RRB- . Softly spoken , bespectacled and almost unknown outside the Scottish political village , he can walk the busiest streets in Scotland without being recognised . SNP colleagues reveal that within the party , Murrell is affectionately nicknamed Penfold , after Danger Mouse 's loyal hamster sidekick in the 1980s cartoon series . Meek , myopic and chubby , Penfold dutifully shouts ` Coming chief ' , whenever his superior summons him in the cartoons . Some say the similarity extends further . Sturgeon does n't drive and her husband frequently acts as chauffeur . He also carries out the lion 's share of the domestic chores . When Good Morning Britain 's Susanna Reid remarked on the immaculate condition of the couple 's detached house last month , Sturgeon , 44 , said : ` That 's because I had my husband up most of last night cleaning . ' Scotland 's most powerful politician also leaves the cooking to her spouse , stating : ` I do n't cook . I have had lots of disasters and now I prefer not to try , but Peter is a good cook and enjoys it . ' However , anyone assuming that Murrell 's only role is that of dutiful house-husband would be sorely mistaken . As chief executive of the SNP , he has transformed its fortunes , creating a formidable electoral machine . Transition : Murrell -LRB- right -RRB- is the man credited with transforming the nationalist leader -LRB- left -RRB- from surly apparatchik to national stateswoman -- on the brink of holding the balance of power . Portrait : Instead of being offended , Ms Sturgeon -LRB- pictured -RRB- is ` tickled ' by the image depicting her as a dominatrix . In 2001 , when he took on the role , the party had a paltry 6,000 members ; today the SNP is the third-biggest party in the UK , with a membership of 110,000 . Murrell , who earns about £ 120,000 a year , and his wife first met when Ms Sturgeon -- an 18-year-old firebrand Left-winger -- attended an SNP gathering which he helped to organise . They were married in 2010 with a wedding cake created by the Scottish confectionery dynasty Tunnock 's . So was Glasgow-based French artist Laetitia Guilbaud making her own comment on the Sturgeon-Murrell relationship when she dreamt up Naughty Nicola in 2009 ? ` No , not at all , ' Ms Guilbaud , 35 told The Mail on Sunday . ` At the time she was very prominent , but I knew nothing about her partner . ` Her image was quite mousey and she often wore a red suit , so I just wanted to explore her sexy side . ' Mr Murrell certainly liked what he saw and snapped up the work for £ 1,500 . He said : ` Nicola was tickled by the depiction . ' Perhaps he was following orders from the Chief Whip .