It is the ultimate Robin Crusoe escape , a lonely house on its own island - just off the coast of Cornwall . The House In The Sea sits right on the beach in Newquay and can only be reached by crossing a 90ft-high suspension bridge . Surrounded by water and isolated from the town , the tiny island is far from basic . The interiors are a luxurious mix of sleek neutrals and modern design , with panoramic sea views offered at every turn . Scroll down for video . Ocean retreat : Now you do n't have to jet off to somewhere exotic to enjoy your own private isolated sea plot . The House In The Sea is connected by a 100ft suspension bridge , which stretches 90ft above the ground . Ocean haven ! The tasteful design inside means you will enjoy luxury and comfort during your seaside break . The outside terrace has a barbecue overlooking the sea and the snug lounge has similar views , with plenty of cosy seating , sheepskin rugs and a window seat . The pad has a master suite bedroom , which is connected by a private staircase , and comes complete with a sprawling four poster bed . On the ground floor there is another double room with a day bed and a king-size bedroom with en suite shower room and family bathroom with a bath and overhead shower . When the tide is in , the House In The Sea is completely surrounded by waves , making for a peaceful retreat . Time for a snooze ! The master bedroom is connected by a private staircase and includes a luxurious four poster bed . Although the island is secluded in the ocean , Padstow and Truro are nearby to offer fish and chips or Michelin star dining . The house is decorate in clean neutral colours with modern furnishings , for a comfortable stay . For those wishing to use the island for celebrating , take advantage of the bar area , with 40 '' TV , bar billiards table and , most importantly , a fully equipped bar . The handy location means that whatever your whim , be it fish and chips or Michelin star dining , you can find something to satisfy at the foodie haven of Padstow or in the city of Truro . There is even WiFi for sending idyllic photographs of the island to friends stuck at home . The house can be booked in advance , with prices reaching £ 3,000 per couple for a week 's stay at the peak of summer . To enquire about renting the private island , more information can be found on Unique Home Stays . Entertain up to six guests on the dining room table , which has three modern lights dangled over it . Not only can you dine inside , but also out on the terrace area which lets you enjoy ocean views and the sound of the waves . If you are celebrating the House In The Sea provides activities such as a billiard table , TV and an equipped bar . The interior is based on a New York style and provides the perfect snug hideaway from the rest of the world . The magical property is located in Newquay and can be booked for up to six guests on the Unique Home Stay 's website .