Together they wrote a string of chart-topping hits for some of the world 's biggest stars and created the memorable theme tune of Australian television soap Neighbours . Tony Hatch and Jackie Trent , who were married for more than three decades , were dubbed ` Mr and Mrs Music ' after composing for artists including Frank Sinatra , Dean Martin , Scott Walker , Shirley Bassey and Petula Clark . So when Trent died last month aged 74 after a long battle with cancer , Hatch was expected to be at her funeral to say a final goodbye . True , their marriage had ended in divorce , but they had a daughter together and one of the most successful creative unions in showbusiness . But The Mail on Sunday can reveal that Hatch was banned from the funeral by Trent 's second husband , Colin Gregory , who today accuses the composer of breaking his wife 's heart . Scroll down for video . Tony Hatch -LRB- left -RRB- and his former wife Jackie Trent -LRB- right -RRB- wrote a chart-topping hits for the world 's biggest stars but he was banned from her funeral last month . He says that not only did she never forgive Hatch for the infidelity that ended their marriage , but she believed to her dying day that he had denied her the credit she was due for some of their compositions . Although they were responsible for about 400 songs together , they had been mired in a long-running feud over seven that Trent claimed she co-wrote . After years of pressure , says Gregory , Hatch agreed to acknowledge Trent 's part and her name now appears against some of the songs on the Tony Hatch website . But on other songs , Hatch is the only composer credited . Gregory told The Mail on Sunday : ` Yes , I banned Hatch from attending Jackie 's cremation . ' The 71-year-old former policeman , who married Trent in 2005 , said : ` It might seem petty and churlish of me because , whatever anybody says , Hatch and Trent are welded at the hip for all the wonderful work they did together . ` I would never contest that . Jackie never contested that . But her firm words to me were , `` I hate him for what he did to me and for what he 's still doing to me . '' ` I could n't and would n't contact Tony Hatch myself . It would be inappropriate because we 're in litigation . ' Instead , he passed the message to Trent 's son from her first marriage , Darren , who Hatch had adopted when they married . Gregory said : ` Darren rang , giving it the smooth patter of , `` Oh , they had such a lovely warm life together '' , which they did not . And when he said he wanted to invite Hatch to the cremation , I said quite firmly , `` No . If he turns up , I shall call the police . '' ` Suffice it to say that Jackie would not want Tony Hatch anywhere near her final moments on this earth . He and his wife were specifically banned from attending her funeral , or anything in connection with it . ` Jackie always told me , `` No service -- just you . '' ' The cremation was held on the Spanish island of Menorca , where Trent lived with Gregory . It is also home to Hatch and his wife . Hatch , 75 , clearly got the message , writing on his Facebook page on the day of the funeral : ` Today was final departure day for her soul but I was BANNED by her husband Colin Gregory from attending the crematorium . ' Gregory now plans to bring Trent 's ashes home to Britain for a memorial service in May at her local parish church in Chesterton , Staffordshire . Much of Trent 's wealth , he said , had recently been eroded -- not least by the legal battle with her former husband over the songs , which Gregory claimed has cost about £ 20,000 . It 's a far cry from 1965 when Hatch and Trent met and fell in love . Hatch was already married and the couple embarked on an affair before marrying the next year and going on to become one of the most successful teams in music , earning millions of pounds . But if Hatch , the son of a pianist , who grew up in Pinner , North West London , and Trent , the daughter of a miner from Newcastle-under-Lyme , made a fortune , they seemed to have trouble holding on to it . The couple moved to Ireland at one point because of its tax benefits for artists . Hatch wrote the theme tune to Crossroads and is still remembered by many as the ` Mr Nasty ' judge on 1970s TV talent show New Faces . In 1982 , the pair moved to Australia and were later asked to write the theme song for Neighbours . Their marriage ended abruptly and abrasively back in Britain at Trent 's 55th birthday party in 1995 , when Hatch confessed that for years he had been in love with one of his wife 's friends . Trent was devastated . Gregory plans to persevere with Trent 's legal battle over the disputed songs : ` not for financial gain -- Jackie was getting her share -LSB- of songwriting royalties -RSB- -- but because it was her dying wish that he finally admitted she co-wrote those songs . ' Hatch declined to comment .