The naked body of a 22-year-old Michigan woman who went missing while dressed as Poison Ivy after a Halloween party was found on Friday and police say evidence indicates it was a homicide . The Monroe County Sheriff 's Office confirmed on Saturday the remains found on a 13-acre private property near a heavily-wooded site close to train tracks are those of Chelsea Bruck . The medical examiner 's office in Wayne County used dental records to confirm the body is Bruck 's . Chelsea Bruck -LRB- left -RRB- was last seen in Frenchtown Township , Michigan , while dressed as Poison Ivy -LRB- right -RRB- . Investigators and volunteers had been searching for Bruck and more than one million fliers were handed out . She was last seen on October 26 about 15 miles away from where the body was discovered in Ash Township . Bruck , of Maybee , disappeared after attending the party in Newport on October 26 , about 15 miles away from where her body was discovered Friday in Monroe County 's Ash Township . She was dressed as the fictional comic villain at the party and was wearing a leaf-covered top and a dark purple wig . Her body was n't clothed when workers found it while trying to free a dump truck from soggy soil . Chelsea 's older brother Nathaniel said in a post on the Help Find Chelsea Bruck Facebook page : ` I want to thank everyone for their efforts . ` And while this may be the end of the search , it is also a new beginning ; the beginning of the search for justice for my sister . ' Monroe County Sheriff Dale Malone spoke to the media during a conference about the discovery of the body . Monroe County Sheriff Dale Malone said evidence collected at the scene indicated the death was a homicide , although a cause of death remains inconclusive , the Monroe News reported . He did not say if the police have any leads , but did say the property owner is not a suspect , according to the Detroit Free Press . Malone said at a news conference : ` Our thoughts and prayers are with the Bruck family . ` In all likelihood , the crime was committed at or near where the body was located . ' He added the killer likely ` was familiar with the railroad tracks that are there ' . Michigan State Police were called to investigate the area in Ash Township where the body was found Friday . The Poison Ivy costume was found about ten miles away at an industrial site near Flat Rock earlier this month . Investigators and volunteers had been searching for Bruck since she disappeared and more than one million fliers about the missing woman were distributed . A witness told police about seeing Bruck in her costume around 3 am the day she vanished , walking in the direction of where cars were parked . A man was with her . He was described as having dark hair , a thin mustache and facial hair . Witnesses said he wore glasses with a black hoodie . The cause of death could take up to a month to be determined due to the advanced decomposition of the body . Family and friends turned to public prayer in Monroe , Michigan last October after Bruck first went missing .