Jose Mourinho believes that the Ballon d'or , the trophy awarded to the world 's best footballer , should be scrapped . The Chelsea manager has sided with Arsene Wenger in calling into the question the legitimacy of the award . Real Madrid superstar Cristiano Ronaldo is the current holder of the trophy which is voted for by national team managers and captains . Jose Mourinho , pictured on the Chelsea bench during their win against Stoke , has sided with Arsene Wenger . Cristiano Ronaldo , winner of the Ballon d'Or on three occasions , is presented with last year 's award . Lionel Messi , who finished runner-up to Ronaldo in 2014 , has previously won the compeition three times . Speaking last year , Wenger said he was ` totally against ' the Ballon d'Or , and in a wide-ranging interview with the Telegraph , Mourinho moved to side with his great Premier League rival . ` I think Wenger said something that is interesting ; he is against the Ballon d'Or , and I think he 's right , because in this moment football is losing a little bit the concept of the team to focus more on the individual , ' said Mourinho . ` We are always looking at the individual performance , the individual stat , the player that runs more . Because you run 11 km in a game and I run nine you did a better job than I did ? Maybe not ! Maybe my 9 km were more important than your 11 . ' Arsene Wenger and Mourinho have clashed on a number of occasions during their managerial careers . Eden Hazard is congratulated by his Chelsea team-mates after scoring in their victory against Stoke City . Ronaldo beat Barcelona 's Lionel Messi and Manuel Neuer , of Bayern Munich , to this year 's award which was presented to the former Manchester United star in December . It is the third time he has been honoured with the gong . The second of his triumphs came when he was playing under Mourinho at Madrid . ` For me , football is collective , ' added Mourinho , whose Chelsea team travel to Loftus Road on Sunday as they bid to be crowned Premier League champions . ` The individual is welcome if you want to make our group better . But you have to work for us , not we have to work for you . ` When the top player arrives , the team is already there . It 's not him who comes to discover the team , like Columbus discovering America . No , no , you are coming now to help us be better . And as a manager you have to give this message every day . '