Richie Benaud spent a lifetime in the sun and in his final years he ruefully admitted that he was paying the price for it with skin cancers on his forehead and the top of his head . The 84-year-old , who died on Friday , talked about his cancer and the treatment he was undergoing with typical candour . ` When I was a kid we never ever wore a cap , ' Benaud told the Nine Network about growing up in Australia in the 1930s and 40s . ` I wish I had . You live and learn as you go along . ' The cricket commentary box legend talked about the radiation treatment he was receiving for his skin cancer . Benaud , who had n't returned to his commentary job for the Nine Network following a car accident in October 2013 in which he suffered serious injuries , had looked increasingly frail and had lost weight . But he had been out walking with his beloved wife Daphne for 40 minutes every morning , in the hope that he could return to work . Scroll down for video . Skin cancer : Richie Benaud , pictured at the SCG in January 2013 , revealed late last year that he had skin cancer and was receiving radiation treatment , admitting that ` as a kid we never ever wore a cap ' but using the opportunity to advise all Australians to cover their heads . Marvellous : Richie Benaud , pictured in 1961 in Britain when he was captaining the Test series , admitted last year that he had never worn head gear as a young player because he had been influence by legendary all rounder Keith Miller , saying ` when I was a kid , you never ever wore a cap ... that 's because Keith Miller never wore a cap ' ` Master of the microphone ' : Cricket fans pictured applauding Richie Benaud as he covered his last match on English soil at The Oval in London , the Ashes Test between England and Australia in 2005 . Super effort : A victorious Australian captain Richie Benaud leads his team from the field at Old Trafford in 1961 after winning the Ashes in the fourth Test against England in which he sensationally took five wickets for 13 runs in 25 balls , instigating England 's collapse . ` Morning everybody ' : Richie Benaud commentated cricket for more than four decades following a stellar career as a Test cricketer during which he batted , bowled and captained Australia from the late 1950s to his retirement in 1964 . Benaud had been driving his beloved car - a 1963 Sunbeam Alpine - back from hitting practice golf balls at the Australian Golf Club in Sydney when he lost control and hit a parked car and then a small brick fence . He was hospitalised with shoulder , spinal and chest injuries and a broken sternum . He was subsequently diagnosed with skin cancer and began treatment last year , revealing that doctors were pleased with his progress . He told reporters last November he was ` coping with it very well ' . The cricket legend said he believed the cancers were caused by playing cricket in the sun without a hat or sunscreen . Long history behind the microphone : Richie Benaud looks on during the fifth test match between England and Australia in August 1989 , wearing one of his trademark light-coloured jackets which were his signature along with his unique commentary . Fan favourite : Richie Benaud was such a legend as a cricet commentator in his trademark cream jacket that he inspired a legion of fans dressed up in Australian cricket fans dressed up and wearing silver wigs and and carrying foam microphones at the Ashes Test at the SCG in January 2014 . The voice of Australian cricket : Richie Benaud , pictured at The Oval during the September 2005 Ashes Test , was one of Australian sport 's great personalities and the boss of the commentary box at Test matches in Australia and Britain . Richie Benaud , pictured with Worcestor captain Don Kenyon before an Australia v Worcester match in England , captained Australia and played 63 Test matches in the late 1950s and the early 1960s , helping to restore the country 's reputation as a cricketing nation . What a catch : Richie Benaud , pictured with his beloved wife , Daphne , at Randwick racecourse in 2007 , said that following a serious car crash and then treatment for skin cancer he and Daphne had been walking for '40 minutes a day ' to ease him back to good health in the hope he could return to the commentary box . The former Australian test cricketer seized on the opportunity to encourage Australians to protect themselves from the sun . ` I recommend to everyone they wear protection on their heads , ' he said . ` Eighty-four-year-olds do n't seem to mend as well as they used to . ' He said he was still recovering from the car accident injuries which included two fractured vertebrae . However , he expressed the belief he would make a return to cover the fourth Test against India at the SCG in Sydney , and had been out walking with his beloved wife Daphne every morning in an effort to regain his health . Hero worship : Fans dressed as Richie Benaud in silver wigs and cream or beige sports jackets hold aloft imitation Nine Network microphones at the Sydney Test match in January 2014 . Legend among legends : Benaud at the SCG with fellow cricketers turned commentators Ian Healey , Michael Slater , Brett Lee , Ian Chappell and Bill Lawry dressed in pink for McGrath Foundation day during the Sydney test between Australia and Sri Lanka in January 2013 . ` Progress is slow , ' he said . ` I 've been doing a lot of walking . ` We are out every morning , doing 40-minute walks every morning and it 's showing beneficial effects . ' Without the information on skin cancer danger now available during his playing days , Benaud revealed he was influenced by the example of great all rounder Keith Miller . ` When I was a kid , you never ever wore a cap - not a flash one , ' Benaud said . ` That 's because Keith Miller never wore a cap . Arthur Morris did when he went out to bat . ` We follow various people and ` Nugget ' Miller never wore anything on his head , so I did n't . ` I wish I had . ' Vale Richie Benaud : Benaud pictured in 2006 , more than 40 years after his retirement from a stellar cricketing career which he followed with decades as one of Australia 's most loved and respected commentators .