Disgraced DJ Dave Lee Travis -LRB- pictured arriving at court in 2013 -RRB- has claimed that his indecent assault trials ` financially ruined ' him , but he will still receive £ 4,000 from the taxpayer to pay for his taxis to court . Disgraced DJ Dave Lee Travis has claimed that his indecent assault trials ` financially ruined ' him , but he will still receive £ 4,000 from the taxpayer to pay for his taxis to court . The 69-year-old was convicted of indecently assaulting a woman behind the scenes at the Mrs Merton Show and was sentenced to three months ' imprisonment , suspended for two years . At a costs application hearing today , the former radio presenter was told he would be awarded travel and hotel fees for his time on trial . Travis 's conviction came after lengthy legal proceedings which saw him cleared of 12 counts of indecent assault following a trial in February last year . After the jury was unable to decide on verdicts on an additional count of indecent assault and one count of sexual assault , the Crown Prosecution Service announced that the DJ , real name David Griffin , would face a retrial . It also added one more count of indecent assault - the offence of which he was eventually convicted of in September . Travis was cleared of the indecent assault on which he was retried , and after a second jury were unable to reach a verdict on the sexual assault charge , Judge Anthony Leonard QC directed a not-guilty verdict . Today Travis was told he will be awarded more than £ 4,000 for taxi fares to and from court , as well as a further £ 630 for hotel stays while he was on trial . The costs will come out of the public purse . Stephen Vullo QC , representing the disgraced DJ , made a defendant 's costs application at Southwark Crown Court , saying the criminal proceedings against his client had left him ` financially ruined ' . ` In effect , it means that all of the allegations from trial one were found in his favour , ' Mr Vullo said . ` In reality , as difficult as it might be for the prosecution , they called a number of complainants in the first trial who we say were proven to be liars , and some of the evidence called in the first trial was extremely weak on paper . ' Mr Vullo said that since the second trial he had been acting pro bono on Travis 's behalf . He added : ` He has no money left whatsoever . He is now below zero . He lives in a house owned by his wife ... he has been financially devastated by this . ' Mr Vullo applied to the court for travel and accommodation costs , saying that Travis had racked up a bill of £ 4,456 in taxi fares to travel daily from his home in Aylesbury , Buckinghamshire , to court during the trials . He also claimed £ 630 in hotel accommodation , and £ 246 for travel to legal conferences , asking for a total of £ 5,332 towards Travis 's costs . At a costs application hearing today , the former radio presenter -LRB- pictured outside court -RRB- , 69 , was awarded travel and hotel fees for when he was on trial . Prosecutor Joshua Munro opposed the application , stating that the costs were not ` reasonable ' expenses for the taxpayer to fund . Travel costs : £ 4,121.80 . The total equivalent of a return day train fare from Aylesbury to Marylebone -LRB- £ 61.40 -RRB- , plus £ 50 each day for taxis , on each of the 37 days he was in court . In reality Travis took taxis instead of the train . Hotel accommodation : £ 630 . COSTS HE WILL NOT BE AWARDED . Extra travel costs : £ 334.20 . The judge did not award Travis the full travel costs applied for . Travel to legal conferences : £ 246 . Magistrates ' court costs : £ 21,161.54 . Judge Leonard ruled that Travis was only entitled to the costs of a daily return train ticket from Aylesbury to Marylebone - worth £ 61.40 - as well as £ 50 a day for reasonable taxi costs from the station . The judge allowed the hotel costs . Judge Leonard said : ` The trip from Aylesbury by train costs £ 61.40 , day return , not allowing for the reduction with a monthly or weekly season ticket . ' Referring to Travis 's back problems , he added : ` His infirmity was such that the benefit from the train to get up from his seat rather than remain in it is something that could only have been achieved on a train , not a car . ' The judge added he did not have the power to award defence costs of £ 21,161.54 for magistrates ' court hearings . The defence estimate that Travis travelled to court on 37 days , meaning he is entitled to a total £ 4,121.80 in fares . Today Travis -LRB- pictured in a taxi outside court -RRB- was awarded more than £ 4,000 for taxi fares to and from court , as well as a further £ 630 for hotel stays while he was on trial . Before Travis 's retrial began , Mr Vullo revealed that the DJ was forced to sell his £ 1.1 million home in Buckinghamshire to pay for legal costs . At Travis 's sentencing , the court heard that he had spent in the region of £ 350,000 defending both trials and had not worked since his arrest . In September last year , Travis was sentenced to three months ' imprisonment , suspended for two years . His trial heard that the former Top Of The Pops presenter got a ` weird sexual thrill ' when he indecently assaulted the woman , who is now a successful TV personality , in 1995 . He cornered her in the corridor of a BBC television studio where she was smoking , and commented on her ` poor little lungs ' before squeezing her breasts for 10 to 15 seconds . Travis was first arrested in October 2012 under Operation Yewtree , Scotland Yard 's investigation into historic sexual abuse in the wake of allegations against the late DJ Jimmy Savile .