Break-ups can be hard enough to deal with but two women were left with permanent reminders of their failed relationships thanks to having their ex-partners ' names tattooed on their bodies . Jessica Hardy , 23 , from Hereford , was so desperate to remove her former flame 's name from her forearm when she met her new man , Ryan , she tried to burn it off with acid . ` I 'm desperate to get rid of it , I have bad dreams about it , ' she said on Channel 5 show Tattoo Disasters . Scroll down for video . Jessica Hardy was so desperate to remove her former flame 's name from her forearm she used acid . The mother-of-one said she could n't afford laser removal surgery to have the tattoo removed so when she heard about acid peels for the skin , she thought she had an ideal solution . ` I came across a YouTube video about acid peels so I thought that would be the way to get rid of my tattoo . The kit cost £ 25 online and I thought `` bargain '' . ' But instead of removing her tattoo as she hoped , Jessica 's dangerous DIY treatment gave her chemical burns . A chemical peel should be applied by a beauty professional as it 's designed to damage the skin in a controlled way . The body responds to the damage by healing and rejuvenating the skin - supposedly making it look younger . But Jessica applied the acid without diluting it with water or reading the instructions . As a result , it immediately caused her skin to burn and blister . Jessica 's tattoo , left , featuring the name of her ex , and the burns she suffered , right , after applying acid . Six painful applications left Jessica 's skin red raw and scabby - and the tattoo remained . She said : ` It felt like someone had poured boiling water on my arm and then got a lighter to it . ` After five minutes it went white and blistered , then started peeling , after three days it went all scabby . ` I did n't want to get it checked in case the nurses thought I was self-harming and I did n't want them to take the acid off me as I still wanted it . ' Despite her painful first encounter with the acid , Jessica repeated the treatment another six times . Her skin became red raw , scabby and inflamed - and worst of all , the tattoo was still visible . Realising her DIY treatments were a painful failure , Jessica finally sought the advice of tattoo artist Aaron Mullen . He said : ` I have never seen anything like it before , my first reaction was shock , she should n't have taken such a drastic measure to use acid on her skin . ' Jess , left , regretted getting her ex-boyfriend 's name tattooed on her bikini line , right . He recommended laser removal surgery but said Jessica would have to wait until her skin has healed from the acid burns . Jessica said : ` I regret doing the acid now as I have made process slower . It will be another six to nine months till it will be completely gone . ' Another woman keen to get rid of a tattoo featuring the name of an ex is Jess , 23 , a dental nurse , from London . She appears on TLC show Extreme Beauty Disasters this week where she reveals her regrets over her tattoo . ` My boyfriend Jack and I got matching tattoos . Then we broke up and I 'm left with his name tattooed on me in an awkward position below my bikini line . ` I regret it every single day . It upsets me and I 'm constantly reminds me of what happened when I look at it . I definitely should n't have done it , it was a really big mistake , ' she said . Jess said the tattoo had seemed like a good idea at the time but now she 's been dumped by Jack , it 's a permanent reminder of the love she 's lost . Jess realised the tattoo was a big mistake when Jack dumped her . The dental nurse managed to get the old tattoo covered up with a new one by tattoo artist David Kaffri . Before , left , and after , right , shots reveal how Jess no longer has Jack 's name visible on her body . ` I was in love with him and I thought he was in love with me . We got matching tattoos as we thought we could be together forever , ' she said . ` A year-and-a-half later he decided he wanted to be single when he went to uni and broke up with me . When he broke up with me , I said `` I have your name tattooed on me , what am I going to do ? '' ' Jess sought the advice of skin expert Dr Sam Bunting who told her : ` You have two options - one is to get rid of it altogether and that would involve using laser , which is quite a long , painstaking process and will cause some discomfort . ` The other is to change it so the word Jack is n't distinguishable . ' Jess decided on the latter and enlisted the help of tattoo artist David Kaffri , who is no stranger to ridding people of tattoos featuring the name of an ex . He said : ` I like it when people come to me with a tattoo they hate and I can transform it into one they love . ` When I first saw Jess ' tattoo , I thought , `` Oh My God that 's a bad mistake '' . The `` Jack '' is quite substantial . ` Names are a common cover-up . In the tattoo world it 's believed to be a jinx , if you put someone 's name on your body , it will end up bad . ' David designed a feminine paisley style tattoo to cover up the name and Jess was delighted with the end result . She said : ` I love it , it looks amazing , Jack is no more , you ca n't see the old tattoo at all . I feel like a weight is off my shoulders , it has a closed a chapter for me , now I can finally move on . ` Now I can look down and see a nice tattoo instead of bad memories . ' A firm of lawyers is offering a free tattoo amendment service to its clients who are filing for divorce and have their ex-partner 's name inked on their body . Stephensons Solicitors LLP is giving its clients the opportunity to turn the tattooed name of their former partner into a work of art . It is also offering to ` cover up ' the tattoos which were purchased ` during better times ' . Stephensons Solicitors LLP is giving its clients the opportunity to turn the tattooed name of their former partner into a work of art after filing for divorce . The firm is working with entertainment television channel truTV to offer the unique service so clients can get over their ex-spouse . It comes after a new series of television show ` Tattoo Nightmares ' will air on the channel . The new service will be trialled for customers who file for divorce at the firm 's London office from April 20 , 2015 . Mike Devlin , from Stephensons ' family law team , said : ` It 's not unusual for us to see clients who have tattoos of their ex-partners ' names . ` Acquired during better times , when going through a family breakdown , these are an unnecessary reminder of the past . ` Covering these tattoos helps our clients to focus on moving forward . Divorce and family breakdown is one of the most stressful times in a person 's life and we do everything we can to ease that process . '