A jealous boyfriend stabbed his love rival to death after he threatened show intimate photographs of her to her Imam father . Gulam Chowdhury , 24 , quoted verses from the Quran before stabbing Mohammed Yasser Afzal 20 times in the east London mini cab office where his victim worked . The court heard that Nargis Riaz , 22 , was terrified that Mr Afzal would show intimate photographs to her father who was a strict Imam . Gulam Chowdhury , left , stabbed his love rival Mohammed Afzal , right , 20 times at an east London cab office . The Old Bailey heard that Mr Afzal had threatened to show intimate pictures of Nargis Riaz , to her Imam father . The Old Bailey heard that Ms Riaz had been involved in a relationship with Chowdhury and Mr Riaz for several weeks before the murder on March 24 , 2014 . Her parents were unaware she was friendly with either man . Chowdhury told Ms Riaz , a second year law student at City University , the attack was justified in Islam claiming : ` Cut the neck of the man who eyed up his wife . ' Later he reassured her : ` Do n't worry little angel , it 's me who 's a psycho not you . ' Chowdhury showed no emotion today as a jury of seven men and five women found him guilty of the murder of Mr Afzal , 22 , on March 24 last year . Riaz , who was also standing trial for murder , faces a retrial after the jury failed to reach a verdict after 21 hours and 37 minutes ' deliberation . Co-defendant Muhammed Khan , 23 , was acquitted of assisting an offender . The court heard Ms Riaz had been dating both Chowdhury and Mr Afzal in the weeks before the murder , but kept both relationships from her strict parents . Dramatic CCTV footage showed masked Chowdhury storm the E20 minicab company in Stratford Broadway , east London on March 24 last year . Muhammad Khan , pictured , was acquitted of assisting an offender at the Old Bailey . He vaulted the counter armed with a carving knife as Riaz was stood outside during the frenzied attack . Detectives investigating the murder found a series of texts from Chowdhury to her in the weeks leading up to the attack . In one message , Chowdhury repeatedly asked Riaz if she wanted his rival dead and told her : ` No one hurts Nargis and lives ' . Having converted to a strict form of Islam while held in an immigration detention centre , Chowdhury regularly quoted the Quran in his messages to Riaz . He told her : ` I 'm going to sort this out and sort it proper , I will use the flame from my ancestors to burn the world of this scum . ' He also wrote in another message that his ancestors were ` fearless lions that would kill for honour ' . Chowdhury claimed killing was justified by Islam and included a passage from the Quran which said : ` Cut the neck of the man who eyed up his wife ' . In another text he wrote : ` I need to kill someone ' . Prosecutor Sandip Patel QC said Riaz was treated ` like a Queen ' by Mr Afzal , but had threatened to show intimate pictures to her parents during a ` difficult phase ' in their relationship . ` They had known each other before and had been boyfriend and girlfriend in the past but Mr Afzal was unaware Miss Riaz was at that time seeing Mr Chowdhury , ' he said . Riaz , who also worked at Primark in Hackney , claimed she did not believe Chowdhury would carry out his threats . Chowdhury , from Barking , denied , but was convicted of murder . He was held at Broadmoor secure hospital prior to the trial , and was initially deemed unfit to plead due to mental health problems . Riaz , also from Barking , denied murder . Khan , from Dagenham , Essex , denied assisting an offender between March 24 and March 26 , 2014 and was acquitted . Speaking outside the court , Detective Inspector Euan McKeeve of the Homicide and Major Command said : ` Gulam Chowdhury carried out a ferocious assault on Mohammed Afzal . The level of violence used was shocking and ensured that Mohammed would not survive the attack . ` Whatever Mohammed 's motives were for the actions he took in attempting to maintain his relationship with a woman , he did not deserve to be murdered . ` It is thanks to the thorough and meticulous work of my officers who have worked tirelessly since Mohammed 's murder that we have managed to prove Chowdhury planned , and then executed , this vicious assault which ended in the savage murder of a young man . ' Eyewitnesses described how Chowdhury was wearing a distinctive ` JD Sports ' shoulder bag shortly before the murder . Officers then were able to place him at the scene using CCTV footage and mobile phone cell data analysis . Chowdhury is due to be sentenced on May 1 . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .