An Oregon lawmaker proposed legislation Monday creating uniform standards for hand dryers in public restrooms . The bill says that the recent proliferation of powerful dryers is efficient , but can sometimes trigger ringing of in the ears , or cause discomfort for people with development or sensory disabilities . The measure would require all new or replacement dryers to operate at a noise level no louder than 84 decibels . According to the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , that is about as loud as a school cafeteria . A measure proposed to the Oregon legislature would require all new or replacement dryers to operate at a noise level no louder than 84 decibels , about as loud as a school cafeteria . -LRB- File photo -RRB- . It also would n't allow hand dryers blowing air downwards to blow air faster than 115 mph , in case the hand-dryer manufacturer does n't label the decibel level . Bill sponsor Democratic Sen. Chris Edwards told the Senate Committee on Business and Transportation that the new generation of hand dryers used to elicit episodes in his autistic son , who would cry and cover his ears when he heard them . It 's not the hand-dryer motor that 's too loud , Edwards said , it 's the ` air knife ' against the hand that can cause a sharp , shrill sound . ` I almost did n't bring this bill because this is not the most consequential bill of the legislative session . We all know that , ' Edwards said . Democratic Senator Chris Edwards -LRB- left -RRB- sponsored the bill after his autistic son had episodes after hearing loud hand dryers . Republican senator Chuck Thomsen -LRB- right -RRB- says he prefers paper hand drying . ` But nonetheless there are those of us that just find these hand dryers to be extraordinarily obnoxious and disruptive to family members . ' The bill would also ` requires downward blowing hand dryer to not blow air at an air velocity that exceeds 115 miles per hour ' . High-speed , efficient new hand dryers , such as the Dyson Airblade or the Excel Xlerator , are fast replacing the old models , which often left hands still dripping wet . Still , there are some who would prefer if hand dryers were a thing of the past altogether . ` The new ones are faster , but I still would ban them all and go back to paper , ' said Republican Sen. Chuck Thomsen of Hood River . The bill , SB 488 , is scheduled for a hearing on Wednesday .