Two Fast and The Furious-style crooks who stole £ 160,000 worth of luxury cars from homes across four counties have been jailed for more than 10 years . Roy Day , 29 , and Gerard Lundie , 26 , targeted 13 properties over four months at the end of last year while the owners were asleep in bed . But after the duo left their DNA at the scenes of some of the crimes they were arrested . Roy Day -LRB- right -RRB- , 29 , and Gerard Lundie -LRB- left -RRB- , 26 , targeted 13 homes over four months at the end of last year . They were each jailed for five years and four months at Birmingham Crown Court after they admitted once charge of conspiracy to commit burglary . The crime spree began on September 18 last year when a Citroen C4 and widescreen TV were stolen from a house in Calshot Road , Great Barr , Birmingham . Lundie was arrested seven days later when the stolen car was seen speeding away from officers at 100mph in Erdington , Birmingham but later let go . He was found hiding in a nearby bush after fleeing the vehicle . He admitted driving the car but denied stealing it or having any knowledge of it being stolen . Lundie was released on bail but continued to target properties in Birmingham , Warwickshire , Staffordshire and Shropshire . The duo stole a Kia car from the drive of a property in Castle Bromwich , Birmingham , on October 20 which was later found abandoned . Forensic experts discovered Lundie 's DNA inside the vehicle which eventually linked the pair to the crime . The pair drove an Audi A6 -LRB- pictured -RRB- and a Vauxhall Astra from a driveway in Oswestry , Shropshire . Favouring Audis , Day and Lundie stole an Audi A5 -LRB- pictured -RRB- from a house in Cannock , Staffordshire . Another Kia was stolen from the driveway in Cooksey Lane , Kingstanding , Birmingham in the early hours of October 26 . Police enquires showed Day was in the area at the time . The pair organised raids on four more homes in Great Barr , Birmingham and one in Atherstone , Warwickshire , between November 15 and 20 . The court heard the crooks stole a Citroen C3 , a Kia and a Nissan Qashqai andforensic evidence recovered from one of the cars stolen was again linked to Lundie . The duo stole a a Nissan Qashqai -LRB- pictured -RRB- through which he crime was again linked to Lundie . Days later , the criminals stole an Audi A5 and a Vauxhall Corsa from a house in Cannock , Staffordshire . The Corsa was later found crashed into a telegraph pole in Streetly , Staffordshire , and Day 's DNA was found on the driver 's airbag . Lundie and Day then targeted three homes in Shrewsbury , Shropshire between . Two Audi S3s were stolen in the burglaries with Lundie 's DNA linking him to the offences.The court then heard the pair drove an Audi A6 and Vauxhall Astra from a driveway in Oswestry , Shropshire . They were each jailed for five years and four months at Birmingham Crown Court -LRB- pictured -RRB- after they admitted once charge of conspiracy to commit burglary . Both vehicles were later recovered nearby and Lundie 's DNA was found inside the Astra . Lundie , of no fixed address , was arrested the next day after he drove away from officers in Kingstanding , Birmingham . Examination of Lundie 's phone led officers to the identification of Day from Erdington , Birmingham , as a suspect and enabled them to match his DNA to the crime scenes .