The Shepherd 's Life : A Tale of the Lake District . by James Rebanks . -LRB- Allen Lane £ 16.99 -RRB- . When , in 2002 , my family and I moved from busy North London to bucolic north Herefordshire , we found that our new neighbours were , overwhelmingly , sheep . I did n't want to be one of those townies who moves to the country but remains ignorant of rural ways , so I made sporadic efforts to get to know them , or at least , to get to understand life on a sheep farm . When my children were small , I asked the obliging farmer whose land abuts our garden if they could watch his ewes lambing . And I still often tell him that I 'd like to spend some time alongside him , to see how his days unfold . To which he always smiles , no doubt wondering , metropolitan softie that I still really am , how I 'd cope with the early starts and the relentless physical graft . This wonderful book has filled in most of the gaps in my education , without any 4.30 am alarm calls . James Rebanks studied at the University of Oxford before returning to his roots in the Lake District , he is seen here with his sheep on his farm outside of Penrith in Cumbria . It is the enlightening , exquisitely written account , give or take a few autobiographical tangents , of a year in the life of James Rebanks , whose family has been farming in the Lake District for at least six centuries . He was born into a job from which , now in his 40s , he takes infinite pride . All the same , it is no life for the faint-hearted . Every year , spring and autumn feel like flimsy bookends to a long , harsh winter , and his Herdwick sheep -- descended , he thinks , from animals that arrived with the Vikings -- are built for the fells in ways that even the hardiest shepherds are not . Making hay , linked by an old proverb to images of glorious sunny days , can be ` a bitch of a job ' . And while working with livestock is a series of small , predictable daily challenges , sometimes the challenges are bigger , and not at all predictable . With starkly effective prose , he brilliantly evokes the horror of the 2001 foot-and-mouth outbreak . After police snipers had arrived on his farm , ` the fields were speckled with our dead cattle ... Strangely peaceful , they lay in all sorts of mangled and contorted ways . I knew those cattle , so it was like seeing old friends dead ' . As for the sheep , 95 per cent of the world 's Herdwicks live within 20 miles of Coniston , and were in danger of extinction . ` But an essentially urban government did n't understand . To them , a sheep was a sheep , a farm simply a farm . The idea that something precious was on the edge of destruction was never really grasped . ' It is a farmer 's lot , adds Rebanks , to depend on the whims of others : of bureaucrats , supermarket buyers , shoppers . Alas , most of them have no understanding of the proud , beleaguered culture he comes from , just like the secondary school teachers who told him that farming on the Lakeland fells was a dead-end business , a waste of brainpower . Anyone with even a sliver of ambition and character , they suggested , would seek a life elsewhere . And although one teacher talked rhapsodically about the Lakes , it was in terms the disdainful teenage Rebanks simply could not comprehend . ` The Lake District in her monologue was the playground for an itinerant band of climbers , poets , walkers and daydreamers ... people who , unlike our parents , or us , had `` really done something '' . Occasionally , she would utter a name such as Wordsworth , or Wainwright , ` and look in vain for us to understand ' . Rebanks loathed school , and left at 15 , able to write only in block capitals . But his book does not undermine the importance of education -- far from it . Toiling on the farm , he found himself at odds with his decent , hard-working but obstreperous father , and escaped by reading , which he had resisted so strongly during his schooldays . One day he pulled off a shelf A Shepherd 's Life , written in 1910 by W.H. Hudson , just knowing ` it was going to be lousy and patronising ' . It was the exact opposite . It was about families like his , and it inspired him to read more , learn more . At 21 , he took his A-levels at evening classes in nearby Carlisle , where in due course they told him that he might actually be Oxbridge material . On his application form for Oxford he described himself as a ` drystone wall builder on the Lake District fells ' . Natural charm and a certain northern pugnaciousness helped him breeze through his interview , but in ` every conversation for the next three years ' he had to suffer someone saying what a big change Oxford must represent after life on the farm . One professor ventured that he would miss his old existence , after graduating . ` I told him that I had n't stopped doing it , that I was going back . He seemed quite confused by this . ' Rebanks never contemplated not going back . He applied his brain and brawn to running the farm that had belonged to his grandfather and father , and lives there today with his wife and three children . That Oxford degree is not wasted ; in a fleeting , almost throwaway paragraph , he tells us that he is also an ` expert adviser ' to the Unesco World Heritage Centre in Paris , helping them understand how tourism can benefit host communities . But then , nor is it wasted in the work he does on the farm , a job more reliant than most on skill and judgment . Breeding from the best rams , or ` tups ' , he suggests , is more intellectually challenging than much of what he did at Oxford . At sales , he adds , everyone tries to get their tup to stand correctly , broad and thick-set and with their heads up , giving an impression of arrogance , ` like Russell Crowe in Gladiator ' . I was beguiled by this book , such an eloquent love letter to a cherished way of life , and more specifically , to his grandparents and parents , to whom he was born not with a silver spoon in his mouth , but a wooden crook in his hand . Perhaps above all it is a love letter to the Lake District , which I know well from my own Lancashire childhood , but only as a place to visit , not to live in . As Rebanks makes abundantly clear -- not least with his effusive praise for a famous children 's author , whom he thinks of not as the creator of Peter Rabbit , nor even as Beatrix Potter , but as Mrs Heelis , doughty champion of Herdwick sheep -- there is , between the two , all the difference in the world .