The stars were out in full force on Sunday evening ahead of the 42nd PFA Awards at the Grosvenor House in London . Dressed to the nines alongside girlfriend Kate Gooders , Tottenham striker Harry Kane appeared excited ahead of the ceremony in which he is nominated for two separate awards , the PFA Player of the Year and Young Player of the Year . Kane , the Premier League 's second highest goalscorer this season with 20 goals , looked smart in his dinner suit and gold watch as he posted a picture to his personal Twitter page . Player of the Year and Young Player of the Year nominee Harry Kane arrives with partner Kate Gooders . Frank Lampard and fiancee Christine Bleakley arrive at Grosvenor House on Sunday evening . Tottenham striker Kane -LRB- left -RRB- and Manchester City midfielder Lampard arrive at the venue with their partners . Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard and team-mates Philippe Coutinho and Kolo Toure turned up together . He wrote : ` All set for the big night , big thanks to @paulsmithdesign for the suit ! #PFA ' . The PFA took to social media to announce the arrivals of the plethora of Premier League names there to witness the announcement of this season 's highest rated player voted by the players . Liverpool 's Philippe Coutinho , who is also nominated for both awards , entered the building accompanied by Reds team-mates Steven Gerrard and Kolo Toure . The 22-year-old has four goals and four assists from 27 starts for Brendan Rodgers ' team this term and will be hoping his recent form will be enough to have convinced his peers that he is worthy of either accolade . Manchester City midfielder Frank Lampard , who will bow out of the Premier League this summer to ply his trade in the MLS with New York City FC , was among the first to arrive with his fiancee Christine Bleakley . Manchester United goalkeeper David De Gea appeared in a sombre mood as he arrived at the bash in Mayfair . De Gea -LRB- centre -RRB- was joined by Manchester United team-mates Ashley Young -LRB- left -RRB- and Wayne Rooney -LRB- right -RRB- . Football League Young Player of the Year Dele Alli -LRB- left -RRB- and Frank Lampard Snr . made up an all-star cast . Comedian Jason Manford -LRB- left -RRB- meets the PFA 's Director of Finance Darren Wilson ahead of the gala . Chief executive of the English footballers ' trades union Gordon Taylor -LRB- centre -RRB- speaks with Sky Sports presenter Hayley McQueen . Eden Hazard - Chelsea . Diego Costa - Chelsea . Harry Kane - Tottenham Hotspur . Alexis Sanchez - Arsenal . David de Gea - Manchester United . Philippe Coutinho - Liverpool . Fresh off the back of a 3-0 defeat by Everton , Manchester United goalkeeper David De Gea appeared pensive as he passed the photographers outside the main hall . De Gea was joined by fellow Manchester United players Ashley Young and captain Wayne Rooney as they put their loss behind them to smile for the waiting cameras . Completing the all-star footballer cast were MK Dons midfielder and Football League Young Player of the Year Dele Alli and Frank Lampard snr . , who was around to see son Frank pick up the PFA Merit award . Also in attendance was comedian and avid Manchester City fan Jason Manford , who posed for a photograph with PFA Director of Finance Darren Wilson . Gordon Taylor , chief executive of the English footballers ' trades union , took time out to share a few words with Sky Sports presenter Hayley McQueen before heading into the main hall . Making up part of the entertainment line up were British indie rock band The Charlatans , who boast famous football fans such as former Manchester United defender Gary Neville . British indie rock band The Charlatans made up part of the entertainment line up . A general view of the room before the ceremony at the Grosvenor House Hotel in Mayfair . Eden Hazard fires past Manchester United keeper David de Gea during Chelsea 's 1-0 win at Stamford Bridge . Eden Hazard is hot favourite to be crowned PFA Player of the Year and the Chelsea star can count on the support of Arsenal 's Danny Welbeck and Mikel Arteta . Hazard is heavily odds-on with the bookmakers after leading Chelsea 's charge for a first title in five years and scoring 18 goals in all competitions with Welbeck effusive in his praise for the Belgian star . ` I voted for Eden Hazard , ' Welbeck told the official Arsenal match programme . ` I just love watching the way he plays , the way he influences games . He 's always a dangerous player at any time of the game , anywhere on the pitch . ` He can make that difference and since he has come to the Premier League he has got better every year . He keeps getting better , and this season he 's been top class . I had to vote for him . ' Hazard , who was named in the PFA Premier League team of the year , was also voted the best player in the league by Welbeck 's Arsenal team-mate Mikel Arteta . Arteta said : ` Eden Hazard is an important player for Chelsea , and this season he has been the difference in most games for them . His consistency has been unbelievable and that 's why I voted for him as the PFA Player of the Season -- I 'm obviously not allowed to vote for a team-mate . ' Hazard will contest the PFA Player of the Year gong with Chelsea team-mate Diego Costa , Harry Kane , Alexis Sanchez , David de Gea and Philippe Coutinho . Hazard is hot favourite to be crowned PFA Player of the Year at London 's Grosvenor Hotel on Sunday .