Three men have today been arrested on suspicion of murdering missing chef Claudia Lawrence . Three men have today been arrested on suspicion of murdering missing chef Claudia Lawrence . North Yorkshire police confirmed the men - all aged in their 50s and from the York area - were arrested this morning . The body of the missing chef , who was 35 when she disappeared in 2009 , has still not been found . Officers have now launched a fresh search for evidence which could lead to her whereabouts , which is set to continue over a number of days . Police and forensic officers have been working at three houses not far from where Miss Lawrence lived in the Heworth area of York before she went missing six years ago . It is understood the three men have not been arrested before and they remain in custody . A man , in his 50s and from the York area , was arrested last month on suspicion of her murder . He was later released on bail . A 60-year-old man was arrested last year in connection with her disappearance and suspected murder but was later released without charge . Miss Lawrence was last seen on March 18 , 2009 . She was reported missing by her father after concerns were raised when she failed to turn up for her 6 am shift at the University of York . Detectives began reviewing the case in 2013 and have since carried out a number of searches , including a detailed re-examination of Miss Lawrence 's home , in the Heworth area of York , and a fingertip search of an alleyway that leads to the rear of the house . They have also issued previously unseen CCTV footage of two people walking near the house . The new arrests , and the arrest in March , are understood to be linked to these lines of inquiry . Detective Superintendent Dai Malyn , head of North Yorkshire Police 's Major Crime Unit and the senior investigating officer in the Claudia Lawrence inquiry , said : ` I urge everyone to again show restraint and patience while we carry out these very important enquiries . Your co-operation and support is greatly appreciated by the investigation team . ' Father and daughter : Miss Lawrence -LRB- right -RRB- was reported missing by her father Peter -LRB- left -RRB- after concerns were raised when she failed to turn up for her 6 am shift at the University of York . Police removing evidence from a house in York . Two houses nearby to Miss Lawrence 's are being searched by police , who have cordoned off half of one street . Officers have now launched a fresh search for evidence which could lead to her whereabouts , which is set to continue over a number of days . Police stand outside houses in York after the arrests were made at 7 am today . There has been a £ 10,000 reward for information which will lead to the whereabouts of Miss Lawrence . Two houses nearby to Miss Lawrence 's are being searched by police , who have cordoned off half of one street with crime scene tape . People living around the homes that are being searched said officers arrived just before 7 am . At the address nearest to Miss Lawrence home , uniformed police wearing face masks could be seen carrying out brown evidence bags . At another property , forensics officers wearing white protective suits were clearly at work . Each of the houses is under police guard . Martin Dales , friend of Claudia 's father , said the new arrests were a positive movement in the investigation but that progress was a series of ups and downs for the family . Speaking outside the chef 's house , he said : ` Peter finds it very hard , going up and down . ` You feel like you might be getting somewhere and then you get let down . ` Three arrests is certainly a big movement for the police though . ` That 's four people in the space of one month . Claudia Lawrence , pictured aged 27 in 2001 , as a bridesmaid at her aunt 's wedding in North Yorkshire . Fresh searches are being conducted which are expected to be ongoing over a number of days . Police conduct searches in York , at the home of Miss Lawrence . Searches are being conducted which are expected to be ongoing over a number of days . ` The public has been tremendous in keeping information coming which has helped the police . ' Mr Dales added : ` Someone is withholding the truth and that is despicable . ` Imagine if it was your daughter and you were sitting around waiting for answers and somebody , for their own skin , was trying to be obstructive . ` I hope the full force of the law comes down on them . ' A resident living near one of the houses said police arrived at around 7 am today . Tommy Ward , 81 , said : ` It started off with one police car then a few more came . ` It was just around about 7 am when everything started up . ` I was outside my house watching the world go by at the time . ` I have n't seen anyone arrested but a few weeks ago some sniffer dogs were . there in the same house . We 've had dogs a few times now . I do n't know the person who lives there . ' Peter Lawrence , father of the missing chef , with a photograph of his daughter in the chapel at Bishopthorpe Palace , York . Mr Lawrence has previously spoken of his daily pain over his daughter 's disappearance and pleaded for anyone with information to come forward . Miss Lawrence was last seen on March 18 , 2009 . 2009 . March 18 . 5.57 am - Miss Lawrence is captured on CCTV arriving for work at the University of York 's Goodricke College . 2.31 pm - The chef leaves work to walk the three miles to her home on Heworth Road . A female colleague sees her as she drives past in her car and gives her a lift , dropping her off outside her house . 3.05 pm - The last sighting of Miss Lawrence as she walks back to her house . 8.10 pm - Miss Lawrence has a telephone conversation with her father , Peter , and then another with her mother , Joan . 8.23 pm - She sends a text message to a friend . 9.12 pm - Miss Lawrence receives a text on her mobile phone but it is not known if she read the message . March 19 . 6 am - Miss Lawrence fails to arrive for her shift at work . April 24 . Detectives say they are treating Miss Lawrence 's disappearance as a suspected murder . 2010 . March 18 . Police reveal Ms Lawrence spent the night with a mystery boyfriend just two days before she went missing . It was ` critical ' they spoke to the man , a detective adds . May 25 . Police confirm they have spent two days searching a house about ten miles from Claudia 's home as a result of a ` recent development ' July 29 . Police confirm they are scaling back the number of officers dedicated to the inquiry . 2011 . March 18 . On the second anniversary of Miss Lawrence 's disappearance , Detective Superintendent Ray Galloway reveals that he could have ` potentially ' spoken to her killer . 2012 . March 16 . Peter Lawrence speaks of his daily pain over his daughter 's disappearance and makes a plea for anyone who may still harbour a sense of ` misguided loyalty ' to come forward and help with the police investigation . 2013 . October 29 . Police announce that a new forensic search of Miss Lawrence 's home is to begin as they launch a fresh review of the case . 2014 . March 17 . Mr Lawrence , speaking ahead of the fifth anniversary of his daughter 's disappearance , says not knowing what happened to his daughter five years after she disappeared is like a ` cancer ' eating away at him . March 19 . Police say a new forensic examination of Claudia 's house has uncovered the fingerprints of people who still have not come forward five years after she disappeared . They say they are seeking to trace two men and two vehicles seen near her home . May 13 . A 59-year-old man is arrested on suspicion of murder by detectives investigating the disappearance , and later released without charge . July 23 . Pub landlord Paul Harris , then 46 , is arrested on suspicion on perverting the course of justice . 2015 . March 23 . A 59-year-old father-of-two from the York area is arrested on suspicion of murdering Miss Lawrence and released on bail the next day . April 14 . Mr Harris - now aged 47 - is released from bail after providing information to detectives which has progressed the investigation , police say . April 22 . Three men in their 50s arrested on suspicion of murder . Police launch fresh search for evidence . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .