Steve Clarke admits his Reading side require the ` perfect ' performance to stand any chance of beating Arsenal -- but concedes he has yet to see that from one of his teams during his managerial career . Reading have struggled in the Championship this campaign whereas Arsene Wenger 's side are the in-form side in the Premier League going into their FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday . ` There 's only the pressure that we put ourselves under to play the perfect game and make no mistakes , ' said Clarke . Steve Clarke insists his Reading side must be ` perfect ' to have any chance of beating Arsenal at Wembley . ` We must make sure that the preparation and mentality are right and we give everything we 've got . ` We 've mentioned about having no regrets coming off the pitch and I promise you the players will give everything they 've got to try to get a result . ` We have to play almost the perfect game -- to be solid , resolute and mentally strong . It 's a game where we ca n't make too many mistakes . If you make mistakes against the top teams they will punish you . If we can do that we 've got a chance . ' Clarke , 51 , is still feeling his way as a manager , having taken charge of West Bromwich Albion for a season in 2012 before taking the Reading job last summer . The Royals dispatched of Bradford in the last round as they hope to reach the FA Cup final for the first time . Asked how many times he had seen a perfect display from one of his sides , he replied : ` Probably none , so it 's a big ask . But you have to ask it . ' Clarke has never beaten Wenger and added : ` I had a couple of good games against them at West Brom . I know they are a good team with good players but if we play the perfect game we have a chance . ' Clarke has challenged his players to make history by getting to the FA Cup final for the first time . Eighty-eight years ago they made it to this stage but Clarke is not content with matching that . ` It 's not unique history , it 's shared history , ' he said . ` If they get to the final , no other Reading team has done that . That is the history they have to make . ' Clarke has never beaten Arsene Wenger as a manager and there 's no better place to start than Wembley .