The Indiana Pacers ' Chris Copeland and his wife were stabbed during an early-morning argument after they left a popular New York club on Wednesday , according to reports . Copeland , 31 , and his wife , Katrine Saltare , 28 , were talking in the street just before 4 am when a 22-year-old man , Shezoy Bleary , interrupted them , the New York Post reported . When Copeland , who used to play for the New York Knicks , told the man to back off , the suspect allegedly pulled out a knife and plunged it into the athlete 's abdomen and elbow . He then turned on Saltare , stabbing her in the breast , buttocks and arm , sources told the Post . Scroll down for video . Injured : Chris Copeland , a player for the Indiana Pacers , and his wife , Katrine Saltare , pictured , were both stabbed following an argument outside a New York City club early on Wednesday . Cuffed : Pero Antic , who plays for the Atlanta Hawks , was arrested for failing to clear the scene for police and he is seen being escorted out of the 10th Precinct of the NYPD on Wednesday . Arrest : Another Hawks player , Thabo Sefolosha , was also arrested and can be seen leaving the station . A video shared with TMZ shows the victims on the sidewalk as they are attended to by emergency responders . ` We were both stabbed , ' Saltare can be heard saying . ` We were attacked out of nowhere by a f *** ing black civilian . We have nothing to say . We are scared for our lives ! ' Another woman , Catherine Somani , 23 , was also stabbed in the abdomen as she apparently tried to break up the fight , WABC reported . She knew the attacker . Murdock , from Brooklyn , was arrested at the scene along with two fellow NBA players , Pero Antić and Thabo Sefolosha of the Atlanta Hawks . The players allegedly obstructed the crime scene as police arrived by refusing to get out of the way , according to sources . Authorities recovered a knife from the scene , sources told the New York Daily News . Copeland and his wife were both listed in stable condition at Bellevue Hospital , while Somani was rushed to Lenox Hill Hospital . Their injuries are not thought to be life threatening . Injured : Video by a passerby shows Copeland and his wife on the ground before they were taken to hospital . Scene : The couple was stabbed by a man who interrupted them as they argued outside 1OAK in Chelsea . Bloody scene : After Copeland reportedly told the man to back off , he pulled out a knife and stabbed them . Blood-splattered : A nearby car , which belongs to Copeland , has streaks of blood across it after the attack . Probe : NYPD officers search for evidence outside the 1Oak nightclub in Chelsea in New York City . CBS reported that Copeland underwent surgery on Wednesday morning . ` We are aware that Chris Copeland was injured early this morning in New York City , ' Indiana Pacers President Larry Bird said in a statement to DailyMail.com on Wednesday . ` We are still gathering information and will update when we know more . Our thoughts are with Chris and those injured . ' The team confirmed that he had suffered a knife wound to his left elbow and abdomen . The fight broke out down the street from 1OAK , a popular Chelsea club where celebrities including Leonardo DiCaprio , Justin Bieber , Miley Cyrus and Lindsay Lohan have been spotted partying . The couple is believed to have only been inside the club briefly . The Hawks and Pacers are both in New York for basketball games . Together : The couple , pictured , was rushed to Bellevue hospital where they are in stable condition . Loved up : The couple are seen in a picture taken after their engagement in September 2013 . Copeland , who is from New Jersey , was supposed to play his former team , the New York Knicks , at Madison Square Garden on Wednesday . He previously played 56 games for the team in his 2012-2013 rookie season . Both Pacers and Knicks fans flocked to social media to wish him a speedy recovery on Wednesday . ` Hope that you and your wife have a speedy recovery , ' one fan wrote . ` Once a knick always a knick . ' The Hawks will take on the Brooklyn Nets at Barclays Center , but it is not yet clear if the two arrested players will be available to play . ` We are aware of the situation involving Pero Antic and Thabo Sefolosha this morning , ' Hawks spokesperson Garin Narain told DailyMail.com on Wednesday . ` We are in the process of gathering more information and will have further comment at the appropriate time . ' On the court : Copeland previously played for the New York Knicks -LRB- pictured in 2013 -RRB- . He was in New York to take on the team on Wednesday night but was undergoing surgery on Wednesday morning for his wounds . Arrested : Atlanta Hawks ' players Thabo Sefolosha , left , and Pero Antić , right , were arrested for allegedly failing to leave the scene when police arrived . All three players were in the city for games on Wednesday .