A Ukip MEP has praised Russian president Vladimir Putin as a ` very strong leader ' who has ` put Russia first ' . Diane James , Ukip 's Justice Spokesman , also applauded Mr Putin 's nationalist credentials and argued he was forced into invading Ukraine because of the European Union . Ukip leader Nigel Farage sparked a row last year when he hailed Russian President as a ` brilliant operator ' . Scroll down for video . Praising Putin : Diane James , Ukip 's Justice Spokesperson applauded Russian President Vladimir Putin 's nationalist credentials . Taking part in a women leaders ' debate on LBC radio , Mrs James - who is considered a potential successor of Nigel Farage - said : ` Nigel went on record saying if you provoke the Russian bear you get a reaction . ` I admire him from the point of view that he 's standing up for his country . He is very nationalist . ` He is a very strong leader . He is putting Russia first , and he has issues with the way the EU encouraged a change of government in the Ukraine which he felt put at risk a Russian population in that country , ' she said . Mrs James was the Ukip candidate in the Eastleigh by-election and currently represents the south east of England in the European Parliament . Ukip leader Nigel Farage caused controversy in March 2014 after he admitted he admired Putin as a ` brilliant operator ' for his stance on the Syrian conflict . However , unlike Mrs James , he clarified his view on Putin by adding : ` Not that I approve of him politically . How many journalists in jail now ? ' His comments followed the annexation of Crimea , but before the destabilisation of eastern Ukraine and the shooting down of Malaysian Airlines flight MH17 , which is widely believed to have been carried out by Russian-supported separatists . Mrs James told presenter Iain Dale -LRB- far left -RRB- that she admires Putin because he stands up for his country . Ukip smiles : Diane James is widely considered to be Nigel Farage 's successor as the leader of Ukip . Mrs James ' comments came as Ukip 's election campaign chief admitted the party sometimes resembles a ` rugby club on tour ' with members who can be ` boorish ' and ` chauvinistic ' . Patrick O'Flynn , who is also the party 's economics spokesman , said Ukip needs to ` work harder ' as it is ` lagging ' behind with female voters . As he launched the party 's ` policies for women ' alongside the Ukip deputy chairman Suzanne Evans and Mrs James , Mr O'Flynn was forced to defend its ` blokeish ' image under Nigel Farage . Mrs James ' comments come as Ukip 's campaign chief Patrick O'Flynn said the party resembled a ` rugby club on tour ' He said : ` Nigel has said sometimes Ukip has resembled a rugby club on tour . I think that 's becoming less and less true and indeed the two top rank female politicians sitting alongside me today are two of the main reasons for that . ` But we need to work harder and there still are occasions where people in the party , men in the party , who should know better , have occasionally resorted to boorishness or chauvinism . When that happens I make sure I express my own displeasure . ` We 're a very fast-growing party , we 're increasing our attraction -- it clearly is daft for us to see a political context where we 're not maximising our support in every potential group . ` And , as set out today , there is no reason why we should be lagging with female voters -- we still are , we 've got to work harder on addressing those issues and we are doing . ' The event was delayed after the Ukip-branded backdrop collapsed minutes before the press conference was due to begin , sparking frantic work to rebuild the set . The party used the event to confirm a raft of policies , including removing VAT from sanitary products , which they have dubbed a ` tampon tax ' . It also said it would give ` absolute , full and unconditional ' support for current maternity and paternity leave laws , as well as making sure maternity wards are ` properly resourced ' . Ms James said the party would tackle the problem of female genital mutilation -LRB- FGM -RRB- , which she warned is ` accepted cultural practice ' for some of ` our ethnic compatriots ' . Mrs Evans , who is writing the party 's election manifesto , blamed the gap in support for Ukip between men and women on ` lies ' and ` myths ' spread about the party . She said : ` I think it is because of the lies the other parties have put out about us . ` There is this myth we will scrap maternity leave , that we hate women , that we do n't do anything for women - I think Diane and I are living proof . ` Unfortunately the propaganda the other parties put about has hit very hard and very deep . ' Ukip MEP Godfrey Bloom was forced out of the party in September 2013 after branding women who do not clean behind the fridge as ` sluts ' . Mr Farage , who was absent from the women 's event , has previously been criticised for controversial remarks about breast-feeding and whether women are less valuable to employers after they have been on maternity leave . In a 2010 interview , the party leader who has often been photographed smoking cigarettes and drinking pints of beer , also boasted : ` I 've got so many women pregnant over the years . '