Like many twins , they are dressed alike , right down to their pink and white bootees . But Kendall and Baylee are no ordinary twins . They are one in a million . An amazing quirk of genetics means that one sister has black skin and the other is white . Father Curtis Martin and mother Rebecca Horton cradle twins Kendall -LRB- centre left -RRB- and Baylee -LRB- centre right -RRB- who were born with very different skin tones thanks to a rare quirk of genetics . Miss Horton , 28 , is white , while Mr Curtis , 24 , is half Jamaican . Their twins ' skin contrast is possible because the girls are non-identical , though it is still highly unlikely . The effect is so striking that even their own father has said it is hard to believe that they are related . And their mother , Rebecca Horton , said : ` When they were born , we kept staring at both of them -- we could n't believe it . ` It was a lovely feeling and a big shock . ` One thing I know for sure is that family and friends wo n't ever struggle to tell them apart . ' The little girls ' contrasting looks can be traced back to their parents . Their father , Curtis Martin , is half-Jamaican , while their mother is white . As non-identical twins , they were created when two eggs were fertilised by two sperm . This means they have inherited different genes from their parents . Normally , you would expect both to inherit a mix of black and white genes and be born with a similar skin tone . Mr Curtis says that the couple do get looks when they are out in public with the girls , and admits that if he saw somebody with them , he would struggle to believe they were related . The girls also have very different personalities , as well as different skin tones . Kedall -LRB- left -RRB- is very relaxed and likes to sleep a lot , but Baylee -LRB- right -RRB- cries a lot and demands lots of attention . But , in odds of a million to one , Baylee has inherited a set of genes for white skin . And Kendall 's genetic inheritance includes some genes that code for black skin , passed on from her mixed-race father . The twins also have very different characters . Kendall , who weighed 6 lb 1oz when she was born three months ago , is very laid-back and likes nothing more than to sleep the day away . The pair say that since having twins they have forgotten what it feels like to have a good night 's sleep , but say they would n't have it any other way . In contrast , Baylee , who was slightly heavier at 6 lb 5oz , is ` loud and needy ' and loves attention . This could come in useful , as she and her sister are already attracting attention wherever they go . Their mother , a 28-year-old delivery driver for Asda , said : ` When people look in the pram and see that one is darker than the other , they will sometimes be a bit thrown and ask if they are twins . ` They are shocked when we say yes . ' Mr Martin , a 24-year-old builder from Kingswinford in the West Midlands , told the Sun : ` Everybody loves them . ` We 've got used to it but you hear people whisper as we walk past . ` If I saw them out , I do n't think I 'd believe they were related . ' The couple , who also have a five-year-old son called Coby , knew from quite early on in the pregnancy that Rebecca was having twins . However , they were n't prepared for how much work would be involved . But while they have completely forgotten what it is like to have a good night 's sleep , they would n't have it any other way . Allan Pacey , a Sheffield University fertility doctor , said that just as twins can have different hair or eyes , they can also be born with skin of different colours . And just as a baby 's hair often changes with age , with blonde hair , for instance , darkening , the twins ' skin may yet change . This could lead to them looking more similar -- or even more different . Professor Pacey said the girls ' contrasting skin colours are caused by the way their parents ' genes were shuffled before being passed on . He said : ` This shuffling has created something that is completely unexpected and throws us but it is just nature 's way of making us diverse . ' Twins can be created in two different ways . Either by one sperm fertilizing one egg , which then splits into two foetuses , or by two different sperm fertilizing two different eggs . The first method leads to monozygotic , or identical twins , who share the same set of DNA , and so will be the same sex and largely share the same physical characteristics . The second method will create dizygotic , or non-identical twins , who do not share the same genetic material and can therefore be born as different genders and with different physical characteristics . Kendall and Baylee are dizygotic twins , which explains their contrasting skin tone , though having twins with such a drastic difference in colour is still extremely rare . The fact that they share a gender is completely down to chance .