Rangers top scorer Nicky Law has emerged as a £ 500,000 target for a trio of English Championship clubs . Sportsmail understands Law 's representatives have fielded calls from no fewer than ten English clubs . But Brighton , Birmingham and Reading are showing the strongest interest in a player who also the target of January interest from Bolton boss Neil Lennon and Huddersfield Town . Rangers Nicky Law -LRB- right -RRB- scores one of his two goals against Raith Rovers on Sunday . Law scored twice in Sunday 's 4-0 rout of Raith Rovers to take his tally for the season to 12 and has been a rejuvenated figure under interim manager Stuart McCall , his former Motherwell boss . McCall has been in charge for seven games , winning four , and would like to keep Law - but has yet to discover if he will be handed the Rangers job on a permanent basis . Pushing for promotion to the Premiership via the play-offs the Ibrox club face Livingston tomorrow night with final decisions yet to be reached a dozen players out of contract in the summer . Law -LRB- left -RRB- celebrates after scoring for Rangers in their 4-0 win against the Kirkcaldy club at Ibrox . Midfielder Ian Black is one of those likely to leave and is attracting interest from new Wigan boss Gary Caldwell . Veteran striker Kenny Miller , in his third spell at the club , remains non-committal saying : ` I can only speak for myself but I have put talks about contracts and the likes on hold because it 's more important we get back to where we belong -- which is the Premiership . ` I 'm not really worried or thinking about it too much because a big part of it will come down to whether or not we are successful . ` After that , if we 've done that , then there is probably a better chance of people getting contracts . ' Rangers pair Ian Black -LRB- left -RRB- and Kris Boyd take part in a training session at Ibrox last week . Meanwhile , former Rangers starlet Lewis Macleod will almost certainly not kick a ball for Brentford this season after his £ 850,000 January move . The Scotland Under 21 star was expected to make a big impact as the Griffin Park side battled for a shock place in the English Premier League for the first time . Macleod suffered a hamstring injury in his final game for Rangers at Alloa 's Indodrill Stadium in December . He 's suffered further setbacks at the London club and has so far only managed to play 45 minutes for Brentford reserves since his move . Kenny Millar -LRB- right -RRB- challenges Raith Rovers ' Martin Scott for the ball during the Championship clash . Now Brentford manager Mark Warburton - who is leaving the club at the end of the season - has admitted he does n't want to risk the 20-year-old and may not even get to see the youngster play this season . He explained : ` He 's coming along . We have to be fair to the player . I want him to be involved . ` He 's been out for three or four months and he 's got to be comfortable that he can commit 100 per cent . ` The last thing you want to do is put a player on with a doubt in his mind with regards to a sprint , challenge , jump or tackle . He 's very close but we have to be fair to the player . ' Macleod missed most of last season too after taking an adverse reaction to a viral infection affected the muscles around his heart . Former Rangers star Lewis Macleod has still not kicked a ball for Brentford since joining in January .