An alleged fraudster has been accused of posing as Oprah Winfrey , executives from her TV network , former Obama aide Reggie Love and Madonna 's manager in an attempt to trick people into giving him jobs , clothes , free food and jewelry worth $ 2.4 million . Justin Jackson , a Florida man , has been carrying out the bizarre schemes in the hope of cashing in on the freebies , or winning himself a job in luxurious hotels , according to court documents . Jackson is being sued by Oprah 's TV network as well as Love - the college basketball star who went on to be the President 's personal assistant . ` Con man ' : Justin Jackson , right , has been accused of pretending to be a host of celebrity-linked characters in order to score freebies and jobs . Angel Agarrat , left , is also named in a Florida lawsuit attempting to get the pair to stop posing as other people . Legal papers filed in a south Florida federal court describe Jackson waging an eight-year trail of deceit in which he variously posed as Oprah herself , Oprah 's nephew , Love , an executive at the Oprah Winfrey Network -LRB- OWN -RRB- , and managers of Madonna and Johnny Depp . The earliest fraud , the papers said , saw Jackson trick a New York City jeweler into lending him items worth $ 2.4 million by pretending to be Madonna 's manager . He contacted a store in July 2007 and said she needed the lavish items for a photoshoot , the papers said . When he got the items , he reportedly sold them to another jeweler and fled . The court papers say he was convicted for grand theft over the ruse , but later dreamed up new celebrity-linked schemes . The latest claims say Jackson pretended to be Oprah and her representatives in the hope of getting more freebies - and even posed as the famous talk show host to recommend him for jobs . He allegedly sent letters on forged OWN stationery to five different hotel groups with locations in Florida , recommending himself for work at the locations . ` Impersonator ' : Jackson -LRB- right -RRB- is accused of sending messages purporting to be former Obama aide Reggie Love -LRB- left -RRB- , whom he said worked for Oprah . The right-hand photograph , court papers claim , was emailed from an email account allegedly belonging to Johnny Depp 's manager , asking for tickets to see Oprah . The papers claim some of the notes purportedly to be directly from Oprah , while others claimed to be from Love , who was signed off as the star 's ` executive assistant and personal aide ' . Also named in the claims was Angel Agarrat , whom lawyers claim was also involved in the deception , and was subject of some of the bogus letters of recommendation for jobs . In one of the exchanges , Jackson allegedly suggested that if he and Agarrat were to be given work at the hotels , Oprah would make a personal appearance there . One letter even claimed Jackson was Oprah 's nephew . Love has never worked for Oprah . Other schemes allegedly saw Jackson write to four different jewelry companies , as well as a clothe retailer , to get free goods allegedly meant for Oprah . Scheme : According to the claims , Jackson signed some emails off as Oprah , left , and others as Scott Garner , an executive at the Oprah Winfrey Network . The claims date from around September 2013 to the end of 2014 . The documents also say Jackson has a history of pretending to be Love , and had tried in 2010 to trade off Love 's own name to get free designer clothes , handbags and Cheesecake Factory vouchers . In a final case , Jackson . OWN , Love and Scott Garner , an executive at Oprah 's company whose name was used , filed a joint suit against Jackson and Agarrat this week . It accuses the two of invasion of privacy , misappropriation of names , infringing trademarks and conspiracy . The documents ask that a judge files an injunction to stop the two using any of the false names , and also stakes a claim for financial damages . Although no figures are specified , arguments in the court papers imply that the figure will be at least $ 75,000 .