A nurse screamed with joy and then burst into tears as her paralyzed patient suddenly got up out of her wheelchair and walked towards her . Bailey Murrill , of Denton in Texas , had been inexplicably paralyzed for 11 days and was being cared for in hospital . She had regained feeling and movement in her legs and when her favorite nurse came on shift decided to surprise her by getting up out of her chair . Scroll down for video . Bailey Murrill surprised her shocked favorite nurse when she got up and stood on her own for the first time after being inexplicably paralyzed for 11 days and cared for by the woman while she was in hospital . The nurse is clearly shocked as she screams before she grabs Bailey and hugs her tightly . Both then burst into tears as other staff look on in the corridor . The child 's nurse says : ` I told you , just keep that faith . ' The video was filmed by Bailey 's mother Becky Murrill to capture the moment her daughter surprised her nurse by walking again . She had been taken into hospital after she lost all feeling from the waist down and took 11 days to recover . The reasons for Bailey 's unexpected paralysis are not known . Bailey Murrill 's favorite nurse came to see her , after caring for her when she was paralysed for 11 days . The child had been walking earlier that day and decided to surprise her nurse who screamed -LRB- left -RRB- and then hugged and rocked her young patient -LRB- right -RRB- after she saw her get up and stand for the first time . She wrote in the description : ` The day before Bailey still had no feeling or movement in her legs . I want to thank everyone for their prayers , blessings , and support through this . ' The video , entitled ` Love our nurses ! ' , has been viewed more than 1million times . Ms Murrill initially posted the video on Facebook where it had more than 340,000 views and then decided to share it on YouTube . She had almost 200 friend requests after posting it on her Facebook page . On the mend : Bailey Murrill , pictured , is now able to walk again but the cause of her paralysis is not known .