Ben Affleck today finally admitted the name of the slave ancestor he had censored from his past . The Oscar-winning actor posted on social media that a ` Benjamin Cole ' of Georgia , an ancestor on his mother 's side , was the relative dropped from the PBS show about his family history . The admission came the day after he apologized for lobbying for the removal of the truth about his family past from Finding Your Roots . Writing on his personal account he said : ` Lots of people have been asking who the guy was . His name was Benjamin Cole - lived in Georgia on my Mom 's side about six generations back . ' Scroll down for video . Ben Affleck has apologized after he demanded information about a slave-owning relative be withheld from a PBS show about his ancestry . Admission : How Ben Affleck finally came clean . Affleck took to Facebook to issue his apology . Close : Ben Affleck and his former Freedom Rider mother Chris Anne , seen last October in Los Angeles . His mother , Chris Anne , had featured in the show , not because her ancestor benefited from indenture , but because she had been a Freedom Rider . After appearing on Finding Your Roots and learning one of his ancestors was a slave owner , Affleck pushed the network to leave that information out of the program it was first revealed by DailyMail Online , a request the producers ultimately agreed to . However , the admission suggests Affleck may have more than one slave-owning ancestor . Another was named today by The Sun as James McGuire , who kept eight slaves on his farm in what is now Trenton in New Jersey in the 1840s . The affair has severely embarrassed the actor , a high-profile campaigner for liberal causes , who runs a charity for Africa . It has also plunged PBS into crisis , and according to a prominent commentator , ` diminished ' Prof Henry Louis Gates Jr , the host of the show , who is a Harvard academic . Last night the actor apologized for asking producers to leave out the name in a post on Facebook , while also explaining his reasons for his decision . ` After an exhaustive search of my ancestry for Finding Your Roots , it was discovered that one of my distant relatives was an owner of slaves , ' wrote Affleck . ` I did n't want any television show about my family to include a guy who owned slaves . I was embarrassed . The very thought left a bad taste in my mouth . ' Affleck went on to say he lobbied for that information to be withheld after filming the episode . ` It 's important to remember that this is n't a news program . Finding Your Roots is a show where you voluntarily provide a great deal of information about your family , making you quite vulnerable , ' he explained . ` The assumption is that they will never be dishonest but they will respect your willingness to participate and not look to include things you think would embarrass your family . ' He then added ; ` I regret my initial thoughts that the issue of slavery not be included in the story . We deserve neither credit nor blame for our ancestors and the degree of interest in this story suggests that we are , as a nation , still grappling with the terrible legacy of slavery . It is an examination well worth continuing . ' Spotlight : The future of Prof Henry Louis Gates Jr as the host of the show is in the balance after PBS launched an investigation into whether its editorial code was breached . US genealogist Debra Fleming is said to have helped trace Affleck 's family tree back to McGuire , a relative of his father Timothy . Ms Fleming told the Sun : ` There are lots of farmers in the family . Slavery did n't end in New Jersey until 1846 . ' Affleck is just one of the many celebrities once again under fire after WikiLeaks sorted all the hacked Sony emails into a system that makes them easier for the public to search . PBS meanwhile is conducting an internal investigation to determine if this omission violated the network 's editorial standards . They have yet to release a statement on their findings or to make clear when they will be reported , and whether they will quiz Affleck . However , the affair has also called into question the future of the show 's host , Prof Henry Louis Gates Jr. . After an exhaustive search of my ancestry for ` Finding Your Roots , ' it was discovered that one of my distant relatives was an owner of slaves . I did n't want any television show about my family to include a guy who owned slaves . I was embarrassed . The very thought left a bad taste in my mouth . Skip decided what went into the show . I lobbied him the same way I lobby directors about what takes of mine I think they should use . This is the collaborative creative process . Skip agreed with me on the slave owner but made other choices I disagreed with . In the end , it 's his show and I knew that going in . I 'm proud to be his friend and proud to have participated . It 's important to remember that this is n't a news program . Finding Your Roots is a show where you voluntarily provide a great deal of information about your family , making you quite vulnerable . The assumption is that they will never be dishonest but they will respect your willingness to participate and not look to include things you think would embarrass your family . I regret my initial thoughts that the issue of slavery not be included in the story . We deserve neither credit nor blame for our ancestors and the degree of interest in this story suggests that we are , as a nation , still grappling with the terrible legacy of slavery . It is an examination well worth continuing . I am glad that my story , however indirectly , will contribute to that discussion . While I do n't like that the guy is an ancestor , I am happy that aspect of our country 's history is being talked about . Ben Affleck . Until now he had been a Harvard University academic best known for the ` beer summit ' organized by President Obama when a policeman tried to arrest him because of a 911 call about men breaking and entering a home - which was in fact Prof Gates ' own home . The arrest became the center of a debate on racial profiling , and the African-American academic and the policeman were invited to the White House to discuss the arrest and its fallout over a beer . However today he was described as ` diminished ' in the New York Times by Frank Bruni , its columnist , as ` diminished ' by the affair which ` exposed Gates , a trusted authority on the African-American experience , to accusations that he 'd sold out ' . PBS declined today to offer any guarantees that he would remain host of the show . On Friday it issued a statement on his behalf but today said it was not responsible for his public statements . The publicly-funded broadcaster was severely criticized by its ombudsman for its handling of Affleck and Daily Mail Online 's revelations . Michael Getler , the ombudsman , said the channel ` took a beating ' . ` On the broader points , it seems to me that any serious program about genealogy , especially dealing with celebrities , can not leave out a slave-owning ancestor , ' he said . ' ... Gates , aside from the decision he made -- and it looks to me like a bad one -- also , in my opinion , violated the well-known `` no surprises doctrine '' for public affairs programming and many other things by not informing PBS about these demands by Affleck ' . He added : ` As for PBS , they just struck me as asleep at the switch when this broke . It was pretty apparent from the leaked emails what had happened and to put out a statement that said essentially nothing and very quickly looked pathetic , as if they were hiding something . ' PBS said it had no comment to make on the ombudsman 's words .