As manager of Rangers , Stuart McCall has learned to tolerate supporters booing their own players . Growing up watching Leeds United , he was less forgiving . ` I remember Terry Yorath and Ray Hankin coming in for stick , ' he recalled . ` As a teenager I used to get into fights because of it . ` I remember standing at the back of Leeds kop , maybe I was 15 or 16 year old and Yorath and Hankin were getting booed . Terry Yorath had just taken over from Billy Bremner and it was boooooo ... Rangers manager Stuart McCall has had to get used to his players being booed by supporters . Lee McCulloch , the Rangers captain , was booed for an error that led to a goal against Raith Rovers . McCall hopes that for the time that he is manager of Rangers , McCulloch will be the last player to get booed . ` They had a song for Ray Hankin and it went : ` Ray Hankin , Ray Hankin ' and half of them would then shout : 'S ** t ' and this is while he was warming up for the game . ` That 's when I got into fights , with the people shouting s ** t. ` Tell me , how 's that going to help any individual when that 's the reaction to their name just being read out ? ' Those sour memories returned last weekend when Rangers skipper Lee McCulloch was the object of frustration from the Ibrox stands . Culpable for a Raith Rovers goal , the veteran defender suffered the embarrassment of being booed by his own supporters . He was hardly the first to suffer that fate . So long as McCall remains manager of Rangers -- an unknown currently -- he hopes McCulloch will be the last . ` I 've no problem with a team being booed off at half time or full time , that 's fine . People pay their money . ` But I think the individual thing is not on . It was sad to hear last week . ` The good thing was that within minutes of it happening most of the supporters actually turned it round and he was getting backing again . ` We were losing 2-0 and I think people thought : ` You know what , we need to help the team . ' It spun itself round and then the majority of the supporters were clapping . ` If it had n't turned itself round , I do n't think we would 've got back in the game . ' In the west of Scotland , grown men rarely express their feelings . To sympathise would only have drawn attention to the captain 's predicament . McCulloch has made no reference to the incident to McCall and vice versa . ` He just wants to get on with it , ' added the manager . ` There 's not a lot you can say anyway . ` I remember a situation with Michael Higdon at Motherwell . I had to put out a message saying : ` Lay off . ' He ended up with 27 goals and player of the year . ` It does n't help anybody if a player is booed . Yes , we all understand and accept frustration in the stands . But booing one of your own players is n't going to help . ` I fully accept that when you boo your team at half time and full time that 's everyone 's prerogative . But it 's certainly not going to help anyone by scapegoating an individual . ` Is it going to make him feel good and feel like he 's going to flourish or is he going to go into himself ? Surely that 's common sense . ' Should McCulloch play against Hearts at Tynecastle on Saturday -- and the indications are he will -- the defiant , thrawn streak in away supporters will no doubt prompt a different response . Such is the must-win nature of the game and the raucous Gorgie atmosphere that an exaggerated show of support is likely . McCall expects the 36-year-old - a strong , experienced footballer - to be fine . ` Lee has a leadership mentally and he has been about . It 's good he 's not one of the younger ones . ` He 's had highs and lows and he 's been there and seen it and represented Rangers terrifically well in his career . ` Hopefully that 's it and , although it happened , the overriding feeling for me was that other supporters turned it on its head and that made it better . ' The need for Rangers to find some unity at Tynecastle is obvious enough . They must beat champions Hearts and hope Hibs -- yet to beat Falkirk this season -- show the mental fragility many now regard as their trademark . If Rangers do attain second place , it means two less play-off games . Perhaps more importantly it also avoids another trip to the artificial pitch of Queen of the South where they have already lost 2-0 and 3-0 this season . ` Whoever gets Queen of the South will have a hard game , ' said McCall . ` We lost down there twice , but we did beat them once at Ibrox and drew with them , too . ` If we have to go down there , we would be confident because we would have to play them at a full Ibrox as well , which would give everyone a huge lift . ` They have done really well and had two good results against us , but if we play Queen of the South and Hibs - or just Hibs - they will be tough games . ` We 've obviously got to win to get second and that 's what we 'll try to do . Obviously , there is a slight advantage to finishing second with playing two less games . But when it comes down to it , you are just going to have win football games . McCulloch is in line to play for Rangers against league leaders Hearts at the weekend . McCall questioned whether fans booing their own players has any positive impact upon the team . ` If we manage to win at Hearts and Hibs do n't win , there will be no great celebrations from our point of view because we wo n't have achieved anything . ` We 've got into the play-offs but , either way , all the hard work is in front of us . ` We 're aiming to win on Saturday , we think we can win , but I just really want a good , strong performance to go into the play-offs . '