Fresh from his Masters triumph , Jordan Spieth made a visit to the observation deck of the Empire State Building on Monday , and of course the Augusta record-equalling champion was still proudly sporting his green jacket . Spieth broke several scoring records on the way to his four-stroke victory , including equalling the 18-under total set by Tiger Woods in 1997 and becoming the championship 's second-youngest winner of all time . And the magnitude of his achievement still did n't seem to have sunk in yet as Spieth took in the press attention which included his trip to the top of the 25th-tallest completed skyscraper in the world which was lit up in green and yellow later in the evening . Fresh from his Masters triumph , Jordan Spieth visited to the observation deck of the Empire State Building . The Augusta record-equalling champion was still proudly sporting his green jacket as he snapped a selfie . ` It 's all run together . It all happened quickly , ' Spieth said . ` Sometimes it feels like a long time ago . And sometimes it feels like yesterday . All in all , it 's really cool . ' It was the disappointment of last year that ultimately carried him to a four-shot victory Sunday . He watched Bubba Watson celebrate another Masters title , and all the perks and celebrity that came with it . He knew that could have been him . ` So you get reminded of it all the time , because when you 're Masters champion , it 's a different legacy , ' Spieth said . ` And so that definitely left me hungry . And then also , having a chance to win the last couple of week and not pulling it off . ' He was runner-up in the Texas Open and lost in a playoff at the Houston Open before arriving at Augusta . The world 's media were keen to get even more footage of the Augusta champion after his big weekend . It was the disappointment of last year that ultimately carried Spieth to victory and the legacy he craved . ` So the combination of the two allowed me to keep my head down , not worry about anyone else in the field except myself and to play a golf course that is my favorite course in the world , ' he said . The par-5 eighth hole is where it all started to go wrong last year . He had a two-shot lead and made bogey to Watson 's birdie . On the ninth hole , Spieth 's shot came up a fraction short and tumbled down the front of the green and back into the fairway , leading to another bogey . Watson birdied and suddenly was two shots ahead , and Spieth did n't have the power or the putting to catch up . This year was different . His lead down to three shots , Spieth made a simple birdie on the eighth hole . This time , his approach on the ninth was fraction long enough to land on the ridge and stay put . He made par , and Justin Rose had a three-putt bogey to fall five shots behind . He was runner-up in the Texas Open and lost in a playoff at the Houston Open before arriving at Augusta . Bubba Watson presents Spieth with the green jacket after his 18-under total secured him the victory . There was only one shaky moment after that . Spieth was four shots ahead and looking at a two-shot swing on the 16th when Rose had 15 feet for birdie and Spieth faced an 8-foot putt for par . Rose missed . Spieth made . He was on his way . ` It was probably one of the best putts he hit all day , ' Rose said . It 's tempting to declare Spieth as golf 's next big star after such a performance and the elite company he joins . In the last century , only four players have three PGA Tour titles that include a major before turning 22 - Spieth , Woods , Tom Creavy and Gene Sarazen . He was the first wire-to-wire winner at Augusta in 39 years . He already is No 2 in the world , and he still has work to do to reach Rory McIlroy at No 1 . Justin Rose praised Spieth 's put on the 16th that he missed to set him on his way as ` one of the best ' Golf is craving a rivalry , and this has all the trappings of one , especially because the world ranking has never had No 1 and No 2 both 25 or younger . It 's worth waiting to see if other young players emerge the rest of the year in the majors , such as Jason Day or even Hideki Matsuyama , who finished fifth . But that Friday at Augusta , when Spieth shot 66 and built a five-shot lead , felt a lot like Friday at Congressional when McIlroy began to bury the U.S. Open field in 2011 . ` He 's way more mature than I was at 21 , and a hell of a golfer and a great person as well , ' McIlroy said . Rory McIlroy is currently world No 1 and while Spieth is far behind at No 2 , golf is craving a top rivalry . McIlroy was not ready to think about a rivalry , even though he stated his goal very clearly that he wants to be No 1 . This was a big step , but it was only a step . ` He 's got four majors , ' Spieth said of McIlroy . ` That 's something I can still only dream about . ' If history is any indication , the kid is a quick study . And he seems to be in a hurry to get where he 's going .