A mother whose son suffers an incredibly rare disease , which makes his skin appear scalded , was shocked after a stranger reported her to police for child abuse . Four-year-old RJ Jackson is one of just 70 people in the world who suffers Netherton 's syndrome . His skin appears red and inflamed , and is often covered in dry skin that appears like scales on his body . His mother Valerie Jackson has to regularly cover him in creams to try and prevent his skin drying out . But while out shopping recently , Mrs Jackson was suddenly surrounded by armed police , who had been called by a member of the public . Valerie Jackson , pictured left with her son RJ when he was three months old , was accused of scalding her son after a member of the public mistook his rare skin disease for the signs of abuse . RJ , pictured recently right , suffers Netherton 's syndrome , an incredibly rare illness which causes his skin to appear red and scaly . As soon as RJ was born , Mrs Jackson , from Las Vegas , knew there was something wrong with her son , after noticing a red rash spreading across his tiny chest . They reported fears Mrs Jackson had been abusing RJ . ` It just shows the extent of people 's ignorance , ' Mrs Jackson , from Las Vegas , said . The 35-year-old said she is also subjected to taunts in the street , with other mother 's accusing her of burning RJ . ` His skin is bright red and shiny , ' Mrs Jackson added . ` I put Vaseline all over him two to three times a day to keep his skin subtle but he is still sore . ` When he was younger he had to have it over his body every few hours -- even in the night . ` We have n't known sleep for about five years . ' The mother-of-four said her young son is also targeted by bullies - many cruel taunts being made by adults . ` One woman came up to me and thought he was badly burnt , ' she said . ` She said sharply to me , `` Excuse me , your child has caught the sun '' . ` I could n't believe it . But we 're used to the staring and ignorant comments . ` I think he is the most beautiful boy in the world . ` He 's got a cheeky smile and an adorable giggle . ' She said RJ has been treated like an outcast because of his illness , a rare congenital skin disease , which makes skin red and scaly . Mrs Jackson and her husband , Reginald , 40 , have to regularly cover RJ 's body with creams to ease his painful symptoms . But she said , both she and her son face cruel taunts from bullies , most of whom are adults . While out shopping with RJ , Mrs Jackson , pictured left with her son in hospital , was suddenly surrounded by armed police . A member of the pubic had called officers reporting the 35-year-old for child abuse . ` It just shows the extent of people 's ignorance , ' Mrs Jackson said . She said her son has been treated as an outcast , having been denied entry to play centres and facing cruel jibes from people in the street . ` We were denied entry to an indoor playhouse because of his skin , ' she said . ` We 've had the police called for child abuse . ` We were in Walmart in Las Vegas putting his creams on when we were surrounded by five armed police . Netherton 's syndrome is a rare congenital skin disease - a more extreme form of ichthyosis . Sufferers ' skin appears red and scaly and can also experience hair , infection and allergy problems . Because red skin can be attributed to several diseases , the condition may not be accurately diagnosed until later in a child 's life . Most children with the disease appeared ` scalded ' at birth and are slow to gain weight . Their skin quickly loses heat , water and protein and babies are often kept in incubators on special care baby units as a result . They are more at risk of infection because of their inflammed skin . Parents are advised to reguarly cleanse and moisturiser their child ` skin , while taking care when holding them . There is no cure for the condition , but in most infants , the symptoms improve with time . As they get older , a child 's skin may remain red and scaly , and their skin may be itchy , sensitive or raw , sometimes appearing thicker at the joints . The condition appears out of the blue where there has been no family history . But , it is thought to be genetic , and parents can carry the faulty gene responsible . Source : Ichthyosis Support Group . ` Their guns were n't drawn . The officer asked what was going on . I explained and he apologised . ` But it just shows the extent of people 's ignorance . ' Mrs Jackson , who is married to RJ 's father Reginald , 40 , said their son was diagnosed when he was a baby . ` After an emergency caesarean , I knew something was n't right , ' she said . ` As RJ was lifted up and I saw him for the first time , I noticed an angry rash on his chest . ` He was rushed to intensive care where the rash seemed to spread before our eyes , his skin becoming even redder and cracking . ' She said her first thought was he was being burnt by the incubator light . ` But he was n't , ' she said . ` No one had any idea what was wrong with him . ` When doctors told me I could take him home two weeks later , I burst into tears . ` I did n't think he was well enough to leave hospital . His skin was crusty and starting to fall off . ` Back home , as he cried and screamed , I felt helpless , and wished there was something I could do . ` He 'd scratch at his skin until it bled , so I put socks on his hands to stop him . ` I searched the internet for answers but I could n't find anything . ' She eventually stumbled upon a Facebook group called Netherton 's Syndrome Research Group . It had been set up by a couple in the UK whose child , Jack Oldacres has the condition . ` Each symptom was exactly like RJ 's , ' Mrs Jackson said . ` People from all over the world were sharing stories , swapping tips to help one another . ` I knew this was what he had . I found out Netherton 's was a rare strain of the skin condition ichthyosis , affecting one in 200,000 births in the UK . Mrs Jackson was desperate to discover what was wrong with RJ , centre on his sister 's lap , and so turned to the internet . There , she found a Facebook group set up by the parents of a little boy with the disease . ` Each symptom was exactly like RJ 's , ' she said . ` I knew this was what he had ' ` Reginald and I started slathering RJ 's skin in Vaseline every three hours , like people on the group suggested . ` We bathed him just twice a week because the hard water dried out his skin too much . ` Each time I 'd sit with him in the bath and painstakingly remove all the dead skin . ' But , she said , people are still critical of her . ` I 'm happy to explain what Netherton 's is , but most people jump to conclusions before I get the chance , ' she said . ` His brother and sisters are great with him , always helping out and standing up for him . ` Just like any other little boy , he loves throwing around a ball and is usually bubbly and happy , until his skin starts to hurt . ` Right now , RJ is too young to know that people make nasty comments , but I hope as he grows , his condition will be better known . ` It does n't matter how red his skin is , all I see is a beautiful little boy . '