Gypsy groups have launched a campaign to remove the definition of them as ` swindlers ' from the Spanish dictionary . Protest letters were delivered to members of Spain 's Royal Language Academy , which produces the definitive dictionary . The Gypsy Secretariat Foundation , which are leading the campaign , are hoping to use it to raise awareness of discrimination against gypsies , also known as Roma . Members of Spain 's gypsy community throw flower petals into the Manzanares river , symbolizing the departure of their ancestors from India and their exodus across the world during an event in memory of the Roma victims of the Nazi Holocaust in Madrid , Spain . The reference to a swindler -LRB- ` trapacero ' -RRB- was introduced late last year following complaints about the 22nd edition entry that included a colloquial reference to a ` gypsy ' -LRB- ` gitano ' -RRB- as one ` who deceives or maneuvers to cheat . ' ` Gypsies feel indignant , ' said Sara Jimenez , 37 , a Roma lawyer who works for the foundation 's equality department . ` It 's not fair because we are a people marked by prejudices , stereotypes and these type of contributions by the Royal Language Academy encourage rejection and stigmatization and do not correspond to gypsies in Spanish society . ' The academy said definitions reflect actual use and are not meant to be derogatory but has offered to change the forthcoming online edition to clarify that such references are pejorative . Foundation spokeswoman Pilar Calon said the group did not object to other academy dictionary definitions for gypsy but would like the ` swindler ' reference changed . ` That was a swindle in itself ! ' said Calon who hopes to meet with academy authorities - made up of esteemed authors , intellectuals and language experts - soon to discuss the issue . The protest was delivered on International Roma Day and beore handing in the letter , group representatives gathered to throw flower petals into Madrid 's Manzanares river in the customary homage to the gypsies killed in the Holocaust and other extermination campaigns . panish groups representing gypsies have launched a campaign to remove a reference to them as swindlers from the world 's benchmark Spanish dictionary . Spain has about 750,000 people of Roma heritage , out of a total population of some 47 million . Although a minority , the ethnic group has always formed an important part of Spanish society and culture , most notably due its strong links to Spain 's emblematic flamenco music . One of the country 's most internationally renowned flamenco dancers is gypsy Joaquin Cortes . Although there have been giant steps made toward greater integration in society , Roma are still often marginalized and discriminated against in housing , education and jobs . The still have little representation in Parliament , business or academia . The community is commonly associated with dealing in scrap metal and selling flowers or cheap clothes at town markets .