Second child : Mrs Pereiro-Mendez arrives yesterday . A top executive at Goldman Sachs secretly filmed colleagues to record their ` sexist ' behaviour when she became pregnant . Sonia Pereiro-Mendez says she was denied millions in pay and bonuses when she announced she was expecting her first child . Male colleagues at the bank were promoted ahead of her and she was ` mocked ' and subjected to ` gratuitous derogatory ' comments about her childcare arrangements , she alleges . So in an attempt to prove her claim , she recorded managers at the global investment firm ` without their knowledge ' , a tribunal heard yesterday . The executive director in distressed investing -- which concerns companies in financial difficulties -- is suing her employer for sex and maternity discrimination . She has also lodged a claim against three senior bosses -- Bryan Mix , the global head of loan trading , Nicholas Pappas , who is European head of distressed trading , and Simon Morris , global head of credit trading . Yesterday Mrs Pereiro-Mendez arrived with her second child for the first day of the hearing at Central London Employment Tribunal , which was told she would need breaks during proceedings to breastfeed . The hearing was not told who was recorded by Mrs Pereiro-Mendez , although they are likely to be among the 15 or so witnesses due to be called during the tribunal . The revelation was made by the bank 's counsel Daniel Stilitz QC , who said : ` One key point is that ... the claimant recorded some of the managers without their knowledge . ' Mrs Pereiro-Mendez , who speaks fluent German and Spanish , joined Goldman Sachs in 2003 and moved to London in 2005 after a stint in Frankfurt . But over a five-year period she claims her income took a hit because bosses ` felt , given her pregnancy , she was no longer a significant long-term player ' . Her basic salary was £ 250,000 in January 2010 but by January 2012 -- two months after announcing her pregnancy -- it had fallen to £ 192,000 . She was also entitled to a bonus of about five per cent of the profit she generated . But in 2011 she received £ 200,000 rather than the £ 910,000 she claims she was owed . Goldman Sachs executive Sonia Pereiro-Mendez claims after she became pregnant she was cheated out of millions of pounds . Mrs Pereiro-Mendez claims men were promoted ahead of her at the bank -LRB- pictured -RRB- while she was ` publicly mocked , ' and subjected to ` gratuitous and implicitly derogatory references to her childcare arrangements ' Mrs Pereiro-Mendez says her bonuses and salary were cut over five years . The following year she was paid £ 284,000 but says she should have got a further £ 475,000 . By 2014 there was no bonus at all , although she says she should have been given £ 450,000 . In her claim , she says she took ` exceptional measures ' to perform her work during maternity leave . She would attend meetings , on one occasion asking in-laws to look after the child in a car park -- enabling her to ` swiftly breastfeed her baby during breaks ' . Goldman Sachs , Mr Pappas , Mr Morris and Mr Mix all deny the allegations against them . Mrs Pereiro-Mendez has accused her former manager , Allen Ukritnukun , of excluding her from meetings , claiming he ` publicly mocked ' her before male peers ` for no good reason ' . He also allegedly ` made overt sexist comments ' , which once amounted to ` explicit sexual harrassment ' . Mr Ukritnukun was later promoted to managing director , enabling him to become ` emboldened in his contemptuous conduct ' . Mr Ukritnukun vehemently denies the allegations made against him by Ms Pereiro-Mendez and is particularly distressed by the allegation that he made a comment which amounted to sexual harassment . She also says Mr Pappas made ` overtly discriminatory comments ' during a business trip to Germany . Mr Morris said in a statement last month that her 2011 bonus was hit partly because of her involvement in ` significant losses ' . Goldman Sachs , Mr Pappas , Mr Morris and Mr Mix deny the allegations . The case continues . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .