Grandparents have pleaded for the safe return to Australia of two young children whose mother took them from Melbourne to the Islamic State capital in Syria . Former Melbourne woman Dullel Kassab fled to Raqqa in Syria with her children last year , and she regularly boasts on Twitter that her four-year-old daughter and two-year-old son sleep with toy guns next to their beds and her daughter likes watching IS videos of ` Muslims killing bad ppl . ' The children 's paternal grandparents say they are worried Kassab , 28 , is ` brainwashing ' the children , after their father was killed near the Syria-Turkey border last year , The Herald Sun reported . Former Melbourne woman Dullel Kassab fled to Raqqa in Syria from Melbourne with her children last year . Kassab posts pictures to Twitter of airstrikes hitting blocks away from their Raqqa apartment . ` We miss the children a lot . Their safety and religion has been compromised and we are deeply worried but unable to do anything about it , ' a family spokesman told the Herald Sun . ` We pray they come back but it does not look good . ' Kassab 's Twitter paints a picture of their life in the city the terrorist group IS have made their headquarters , where the children can not go to school and airstrikes hit blocks away from their apartment . The 28-year-old has a new husband , as the Islamic State does not permit unmarried foreign women to stay in Raqqa . In social media posts she boasts about her children 's distaste for Kuffar -LRB- non-believers -RRB- . A photo of another airstrike a day later . The children 's paternal grandparents say they are worried Kassab , 28 , is ` brainwashing ' the children , after their father was killed near the Syria-Turkey border last year . On her Twitter account she boasts about her children 's distaste for Kuffar -LRB- non-believers -RRB- . ` My 4y/o encouraging her little bro to eat his eggs -- `` C'mon eat ur eggs so u can be big & strong & fight the Kuffar ! '' Allah yehmikum ! -LSB- sic -RSB- ' she wrote in December . ' #Awkward Just asked my 4yo wat she wants 2 watch . . `` Muslims killing bad ppl '' -LRB- i.e. #IS vids obv not beheading ones -RRB- LOL -LSB- sic -RSB- , ' she wrote in October . Kassab has also complained the 12 to 17-year-olds are now regarded as children when ` in the past they were warriors ' . And during the Sydney Lindt café siege in December last year she sent a series of tweets joking that it was exciting . ` This is the most excitement Sydney has seen since the 2000 Olympics ! ' she posted . Kassab also posts pictures of the Islamic State capital - including this of a ` double rainbow ' And during the Sydney Lindt café siege last year Kassab sent a series of tweets joking that it was ` exciting ' ` I guess attack the coffee shop was n't a bad idea , It 's a long night ... One needs caffeine and chocolate !! -LSB- sic -RSB- ' Kassab also posts pictures of the Islamic State capital , and of Nutella and Twix and Snickers chocolate bars with the caption : ` Im really appreciating #globalization right about now ! #SimplePleasures Another reason to love #IS -LSB- sic -RSB- . ' The 28-year-old 's father Jalal Kassab said he was worried about his grandchildren living in a war zone , but said the threat of imprisonment made it difficult for his daughter to return to Australia . ` I know she wants to come back and we are trying everything we can to bring her back , ' Mr Kassab told the Herald Sun . Another former Melbourne woman Zehra Duman last month shared a series of propaganda pictures she says shows her ` five star jihad ' lifestyle . In photographs posted to a Twitter several women are pictured standing under an Islamic State flag , reclining against a clean white BMW M5 and wielding machine guns . In one tweet , Duman said : ` US + Australia , how does it feel that all 5 of us were born n raised in your lands , & now here thirsty for ur blood ? '