A sex offender who tried to evade justice by fleeing to Australia has been caught after police tracked him down through his boastful Facebook posts . Steven Allison , 37 , formerly of Idle near Bradford , West Yorkshire , had been uploading pictures of himself looking tanned and happy as he enjoyed his freedom in his new life Down Under . But he was unaware the net was closing in as British police teamed up with colleagues in Australia and Interpol to locate Allison , who was living in the country 's capital , Canberra . Steven Allison -LRB- left -RRB- was uploading pictures of himself in Australia to Facebook and writing posts about his former life in Yorkshire -LRB- right -RRB- despite being on the running from the law . Allison had already been on the run for a year when he was given a 30 month jail sentence for sexually assaulting two women after failing to turn up at Bradford Crown Court in February last year . He was supposed to be lying low in Sydney , where he found work as a labourer and handyman , but could n't resist showing off his new life to his 739 Facebook friends . The sex attacker , who goes by ` Stig ' on Facebook , posted pictures of his former life in Yorkshire and boasted about his carefree bachelor lifestyle , saying he wanted to meet women . Allison even joked about days being drunk in his hometown , including posts such as ` fooocking leathered that day , , for a change haha -LSB- sic -RSB- ' . He also posted pictures of himself in his t-shirt on a building site with his arms raised in a mocking salute to Facebook friends , many of whom had no idea about his criminal past . The assaults happened in June 2013 when Allison had been out drinking with a friend in Yeadon , Leeds , where he approached two women who rejected his advances . Allison would not take no for an answer and indecently assaulted one of his victims as she left the pub in disgust . He had been laying low in Sydney -LRB- pictured -RRB- before moving to Canberra , where authorities closed in on him . When her friend threw a drink over him the rugby fan snapped and punched both girls to the ground . A West Yorkshire force spokesman said Allison had been charged with two sexual assaults but failed to appear in court . He added : ` Enquiries made by Bradford District 's Public Protection Unit and Interpol traced him to Australia , where he had been working on construction sites . ` He was located in January this year and subsequently held in a detention centre , while arrangements were made for him to be returned to the UK . ' While being held , Allison made one last bid for freedom by feigning an arm injury so he could attempt to escape while being taken for medical treatment . But his plan failed and he was brought back to the UK yesterday in handcuffs and flanked by three security guards from Australia . Det Insp Ben McDonald , of the Bradford District Safeguarding Unit , said : ` It was clear that Allison felt he could cheat justice by fleeing the country and escaping to Australia . ` He fled to the other side of the world to escape justice . However , the police will always pursue those wanted for serious crimes such as this , regardless of where they are in the world . ' He is expected to appear in court before being transferred to prison .