Chris Smalling has signed a three-year contract extension at Manchester United worth in the region of £ 80,000-a-week after turning his career around at Old Trafford . The 25-year-old England centre-back had been linked with a move to Arsenal after struggling to hold down a first-team place at United and being branded ` stupid ' by manager Louis van Gaal for his sending-off in the Manchester derby at the Etihad earlier this season . Smalling was also guilty of several off-the-field indiscretions , including being pictured going to a fancy-dress party as a suicide bomber last year . Chris Smalling -LRB- left -RRB- signs his new Manchester United contract alongside club boss Louis van Gaal . Smalling celebrates scoring United 's fourth goal during their 4-2 Premier League win against Manchester City . But the defender has matured under Van Gaal and become a regular starter in the Dutchman 's team this season . He was due to be out of contract next summer but has now committed himself to United until 2019 . Van Gaal said : ` I am delighted he has signed a new contract . Chris has improved and developed immensely during the short time that I have been at the club and has become an integral part of the first-team squad . ` He always conducts himself in a very professional manner and it is also pleasing that he has scored some important goals this season too . ' Smalling , who cost United £ 10million from Fulham in 2010 , has made 147 appearances and won two Premier League titles . Four of his nine goals for the club have come this season , including one in the Old Trafford derby earlier this month as United beat City 4-2 . The 25-year-old has become a regular for Van Gaal after struggling for a first time place earlier this season . He said : ` I am so proud to play for such a great club . We have developed as a team over the course of the season under Louis van Gaal and we are now playing as a complete unit . ` This is a very exciting time to be at Manchester United . We are all determined to get back to where we belong and competing at the highest level . ' Smalling has established himself as a permanent member of England 's squad during the Euro 2016 qualifying campaign and that boils down to his vast improvement under Van Gaal . Smalling shakes hands with Dutch boss Van Gaal after signing his new long-term deal . Smalling has made 147 appearances for United and won two Premier League titles along the way . With a top four finish and Champions League qualification close to being secured , the 25-year-old can look forward to more European adventures as his development continues . After the disappointment of last season , Van Gaal has instilled a level of confidence into his players and Smalling has thrived under his tenure since the turn of the year . The former Fulham man is keeping big summer signing Marcos Rojo out of the side at and that 's testament to his improvements after a difficult start to the season . Smalling is expected to keep his place in United 's starting eleven for the visit to Everton , as the Red Devils look to get back to winning ways after defeat at Chelsea . Smalling has become a leader since establishing his place in the starting eleven as he thrives under Van Gaal .