A teenage girl who suffered horrific injuries after being dragged behind a car and left for dead in a gutter has broken her silence . On September 7 , 2014 , Samantha Giufre , 19 , spent months in hospital after being towed behind a vehicle along a suburban street in Casula , south-west of Sydney , before she was abandoned . So far one man has been charged in relation to the violent incident , but police are searching for others they believe were involved . Scroll down for video . Samantha Giufre , 19 , suffered multiple fractures to her skull and face , along with bleeding on her brain on September 7 , 2014 after being dragged along the street behind a car . CCTV footage released by police shows the moment she was towed behind the car before being found in a gutter on Myall Road in Casula , south west of Sydney on September 7 . ` I just felt destroyed , not like myself , ' she told 9News , adding that one of the hardest things she 's had to come to terms with is how she now looks . ` I 'm blind in one eye now , I have limited vision in the other eye , I have hearing loss in one of my ears , one side of my nose I ca n't smell out of , ' Ms Giufre revealed . The young woman 's parents have been by her side since the horrible day , and say her life has been consumed by her recovery for the last six months . ` She 's continually at the doctors , having surgeries , her whole life is just consumed with what 's happened to her , ' Ms Giufre 's mother Karen said . Ms Giufre told 9News her life has been ` destroyed ' by the violent attack which has left her with permanent disabilities . Her parents Karen -LRB- left -RRB- and Frank -LRB- right -RRB- said their daughter 's life is now ` consumed ' by what happened . One of Ms Giufre 's alleged attackers , 18-year-old Basher Hawchar , was supposed to front court on Wednesday but instead sent legal representation . ` I look at Sam and I think that she 's been held prisoner , and someone 's thrown the key away , and we 're just trying to find that key for her , ' her father Frank revealed . On Wednesday Ms Guifre fronted court with the hopes of confronting one of her alleged attackers , 18-year-old Basher Hawchar . However he instead sent legal representation , dealing the victim of the senseless crime another blow . On his behalf , Hawchar 's lawyer plead not guilty to four charges , including dangerous driving occasioning grievous bodily harm . ` He needs to know how it feels , you know , how I feel , ' Ms Guifre told 9News . The young woman has urged anyone else who was in the car to come forward . Last October when Ms Giufre was still in hospital , her parents spoke about their grave concerns that their daughter would have to learn to walk , talk and eat again . Ms Giufre was rushed to Liverpool Hospital in September where she spent time in intensive care after suffering multiple fractures to her skull and face , along with bleeding on her brain . ` We do n't know whether she 'll talk , whether she 'll see . We do n't know how she will end up , knowing that someone has taken that away from her . She 's a good kid , she did n't deserve this , ' her mother Karen said at the time . ` The image of Samantha when we saw of her in the hospital ... I just want to see her like she was originally . She does n't look like that any more . ' Doctors believed early on that Samantha may have sustained permanent brain damage and could be blind in one eye following the incident . Footage of the incident , captured by a property 's CCTV camera , shows a silver sedan driving down the street as Ms Giufre is dragged near the rear door of the vehicle . Her father Frank said the family were celebrating Father 's Day when Samantha decided to go meet up with friends at Casula . Doctors believed early on that Samantha had sustained permanent brain damage and may be left blind in one eye following the incident . Her cousin gave her a lift about 5 pm and by 6.30 pm the family were told Samantha was in the emergency department . ` It 's devastating . She had traumatic injuries and god knows what else was happening in her head , ' he said following the horrific incident . ` We 've been by her side 24 hours . I 've given up work to be by her side . ' The Giufre family say their daughter was a ` good girl ' who had just finished a couple of courses through TAFE . ` She did n't have enemies , ' Mr Giufre said . Her parents pleaded for anyone who witnessed the incident to come forward as police try to track down the driver . CCTV Footage of the incident shows a silver sedan driving down the street as Ms Giufre is dragged near the rear door of the vehicle . Just seconds after two people crossed the road with their dogs , the car entered a round about where the teenager is believed to have been found . Police have described the incident as a ` cowardly and callous act ' and are not treating it as an abduction attempt . Her parents , Frank and Karen Giufre , pleaded for anyone who witnessed the incident to come forward as police try to track down the driver . Mrs Giufre said last year her daughter would have to learn to walk , talk and eat again . ` Samantha was leaning in the rear passenger window ... -LRB- and -RRB- subsequently fell out of the vehicle , ' Liverpool Crime Manager Dean Johnston said . ` We 're dealing with real victims here ... This incident has left a young woman with serious injuries . ` Due to Samantha 's injuries , investigators have been unable to talk to her . She will have to learn to walk , talk and eat again . ' Detectives from Liverpool Local Area Command formed Strike Force O'Loughlin to investigate the incident . Detectives from Liverpool Local Area Command formed Strike Force O'Loughlin to investigate the incident . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .