Tate Ricks -LRB- pictured above -RRB- , nine , was reportedly fishing with his grandma 's boyfriend when their boat capsized and he was not found at shore . Authorities are searching a Florida river for a nine-year-old boy who went missing after a boat carrying him and a family friend was hit with a wake causing the boat to capsize . Putnam County Sheriff 's Office said Tate Ricks immediately went under water in the St Johns River and the unidentified man with him attempted to save Ricks but could not , according to CBS . The man was able to make it to shore , deputies said . On Sunday , officials said they were using sonar and thermal imaging in the water and on the coastline in efforts to rescue the boy , Captain Joe Wells told First Coast News . Officials also said they plan to continue the air search later in the day bringing in divers . They hope to continue the search as long as conditions are safe , and stated previously the operation is for a rescue and not a recovery . Ricks , a third grade student at Kelly Smith Elementary School in Palatka , was reportedly with his grandmother 's boyfriend fishing when the boating accident occurred . Their 14-foot johnboat was hit by the wake from a large boat around 5.30 pm , according to News4Jax . The boy is believed to not have been wearing a life jacket , according to investigators , and the impact from the wake sent them both into the river . Crews began a rescue operation on Saturday around 6 pm , and officials did confirm they discovered the capsized boat . Authorities said the search area for Ricks includes the St Johns River from US-17 to Memorial Bridge to the north , and Pico Road to the south . The Wildlife Conservation Commission is leading the investigation and the sheriff 's office is leading the search , according to The Florida Times-Union . ` We are not going to send crews home tonight . They will remain on the river all night long , ' Wells told News4Jax . ` We will switch to a different crew in the morning and continue right on through the weekend , into next week , whatever it takes to locate this young man and bring closure to his family . ' A woman who identified herself as Ricks ' grandmother said the family is working to stay positive . Suzette Guess told News4Jax : ` Everybody 's just trying to hang together . Come together and do a lot of praying . ' She described Ricks as a ` fun-loving kid ' who liked hunting , fishing and NASCAR . ` Pray that they find him and that 's he 's okay . Just remember us and his mama . He 's got a little sister think of her too , ' she added . Wells told Times-Union that the incident is being investigated as a boating accident and that no foul play is suspected .