When something goes bump in the night , the last thing you expect is for grandad 's old cane to be responsible . But that 's the kind of thing the unfortunate owners of some of the world 's most haunted pieces of furniture have had to deal with . From the Indiana ` ghost cane ' to the ` chair of death ' , these regular household fixtures are sure to give you the creeps . Scroll down for video . This haunted mirror -LRB- left -RRB- is said to contain the trapped souls of the wife and children of a Louisiana slave master while Bruno Amadio 's portrait of a weeping child -LRB- right -RRB- was thought to have been cursed . Four people reportedly died shortly after sitting in this 200-year old ` chair of death ' now in Philadelphia . This ` conjure chest ' is said to have caused the death of 17 people close to a slave master who murdered a slave , causing her fellow slaves to have a conjurer curse it . During the middle of the 19th Century in South Carolina , Jacob Cooley murdered a slave named Hosea for building a chest which did not meet his standards . Hosea 's fellow slaves took revenge , asking a conjurer to curse the chest -- leading to the death of 17 people close to Cooley , including his first-born son . The curse was later lifted by a ` conjure woman ' , and the chest now resides in the Kentucky History Museum . When Mary Anderson 's grandson saw the ghost of his grandfather in the family home in Indiana , she decided to ease the boy 's fears by selling the cane he had owned . The winning bidder was asked to write a letter to the youngster letting him know that the cane was doing ok -- and the $ 65,000 walking stick is now housed in Antigua 's Golden Palace Casino . Bruno Amadio 's portrait of a weeping child hit the headlines in the 1980s when a Yorkshire firefighter claimed to have noticed the painting left unscathed at the scene of numerous house fires , leading to rumours that it was cursed . The case of the haunted bunk beds of Wisconsin became infamous in 1987 when Alan and Debby Tallman 's purchase from a local junk shop led to nine months of terror . Newspapers organised bonfire burnings of copies of the painting to rid the country of the curse . The case of the haunted bunk beds of Wisconsin became infamous in 1987 , when Alan and Debby Tallman 's purchase from a local junk shop led to nine months of terror . Radios would switch stations unexpectedly , the children became ill and there were even sightings of a witch-like figure at night . The family reached out to a pastor and , for a while , the house settled down -- until Christmas 1988 , when Mr Tallman heard a voice beckoning him to the garage , where a blazing inferno appeared before vanishing instantly . Pennsylvania 's ` chair of death ' was the most famous of hundreds of priceless historical artefacts kept at Baelroy Mansion in Philadelphia . The 200-year old chair is believed to have belonged to Napoleon -- but the ghost which haunts the piece of furniture takes the form of a young woman named Amelia , who appears in a blue haze . When Mary Anderson 's grandson saw the ghost of his grandfather in the family home in Indiana , she decided to ease the boy 's fears by selling the cane he had owned -LRB- pictured -RRB- . The chair obtained its name after four people died shortly after sitting on it , and it is said that the same fate will befall anyone who dares to sit there . A grisly story is behind a haunted mirror kept in Louisiana . In 1817 , a slave called Chloe was caught eavesdropping on a conversation and punished by having an ear cut off . Covering her wound with a green turban , Chloe sought to win back her master 's affection by poisoning his family before nursing them back to health - but got the dosages wrong , killing the wife and two children . Chloe confessed to fellow slaves who , fearing blame , killed her . Tradition dictated that when a family member died , all mirrors should be covered to allow the soul to pass over to the other side . But one mirror in the house on Myrtles Plantation in St Francisville was left uncovered and ever since visitors have reported seeing a dark-skinned ghost wearing a turban , while a mirror at the house - which is now a bed and breakfast - is said to contain the trapped souls of the wife and children . The research was complied by wooden-furniture-store . co.UK .