In custody : Dana Marie McKinnon , 24 , has been charged with DUI manslaughter and vehicular homicide in the 2013 accident that killed an Orlando businessman . A 24-year-old Florida woman has been arrested in connection to a 2013 drunken-driver crash that killed the CEO of a defense contractor . Dana Marie McKinnon , of Oviedo , was taken into custody Tuesday on charges of DUI manslaughter and vehicular homicide . She is being held at the Orange County Jail on $ 10,150 bail . According to Florida Highway Patrol , McKinnon , then a 21-year-old student at University of Central Florida , was under the influence of alcohol when she slammed into the vehicle of 42-year-old Orlando businessman Vihn Vo on the morning of May 18 , 2013 . The victim was pronounced dead at the scene , despite Good Samaritans ' desperate efforts to save him . Officials say McKinnon was driving east along Lake Pickett Road at around 5.30 am when she lost control of her 2008 Mitsubishi Eclipse while trying to navigate a curve in the road . The college student crossed into the westbound lane and slammed head on into Vihn Vo 's 2009 Toyota Sienna minivan , causing both vehicles to spin out . A couple who were on their way to Melbourne that morning stopped at the scene of the crash and rushed to Vihn Vo 's aid . Horror crash : McKinnon was driving east along Lake Pickett Road at dawn on May 18 , 2013 , when she lost control of her 2008 Mitsubishi Eclipse while trying to navigate a curve in the road . They tried to pry open the driver 's door to extract him from the mangled white minivan , but their efforts failed . The woman then called 911 , pleading the dispatcher for help . ` You need to hurry ! ' the woman said in a recording obtained by Orlando Sentinel after the accident . ` We do n't have a pulse at the scene . ' Paramedics responded to the crash within nine minutes of the frantic call but could not revive Mr Vo . Death trap : The college student slammed head on into Vihn Vo 's white 2009 Toyota Sienna minivan , causing both vehicles to spin out . The man died at the scene . Dana McKinnon suffered minor injuries in the collision . Tests later showed that her blood-alcohol level at the time was .163 - more than twice the legal limit . On Tuesday , McKinnon surrendered herself at the county jail . WKMG reported that FHP troopers attributed the two-year delay in McKinnon 's arrest to a prolonged investigation . According to an article in Bloomberg Business last February , Vinh Vo was the owner and CEO of Vector Planning & Services , a Virginia-based company founded in 1997 that provides IT services to the military and federal and state agencies . Last year , the defense contractor was forced to pay $ 6.5 million to settle criminal and civil claims for double-billing the US Navy over the course of five years .