Researchers have discovered that the brain can remember ` neutral ' or boring events more easily when they are tied to an emotion . From what we eat to what we see , we constantly take in details about our environment . And while there is no need to remember many of them , our brain has the remarkable ability to store information that seems inconsequential at the time in case it becomes useful later on . Given new and relevant information , human beings have the capacity to strengthen weak memories using emotions - and researchers have said this points to the adaptive nature of human memory . Psychologists at New York University have been trying to gain an understanding about how the brain stores memories for 'em otionally neutral events ' that gain significance through subsequent experience . ` How does the brain store all of this information ? And how does emotion strengthen mundane memories ? ' post-doctoral fellows Joseph Dunsmoor and Vishnu Murty wrote on The Conversation . This study largely focused on how our brains remember emotionally arousing stimuli , such as evocative imagery or traumatic events . In particular , the study has looked into how the September 11 terrorist attacks in the the US affect memory retention . The researchers said we take for granted that we remember highly emotional events better than we remember neutral events , like a lunch date . Emotion increases our ability to remember by affecting activity in brain regions involved in emotional processing - particularly the amygdala and striatum - and also the regions involved in encoding new experiences , like the hippocampus . Scroll down for video . Emotion also increases the strength of our memory over time - a process called consolidation . Strong emotion can strengthen memory for positive events , such as a surprise birthday party thrown by close friends , and for negative events , such as making an embarrassing faux pas at the office holiday party . Researchers said we take for granted that we remember highly emotional events , like 9/11 , better than we remember neutral events , like a lunch date . This is because emotion affects activity in certain brain regions . A view over the Hudson River towards the September 11th memorial lights is shown . A power nap of just 45 minutes can boost memory by five times , research has found . A short doze helps you to retain information you have learned and ` significantly ' improves recall , scientists said -- meaning naps really could help students revising for exams . Participants in the study learned 90 single words and 120 unconnected word pairs such as ` milk taxi ' . Some then watched a DVD while others slept . When they were then retested , those who had slept remembered more word pairs , the journal Neurobiology of Learning and Memory reported last month . Scientists from Saarland University in Germany , said that during sleep , bursts of brain activity known as sleep spindles play an important role in consolidating newly learned information . Professor Axel Mecklinger said a nap of just 45 minutes to an hour ` produces a five-fold improvement in information retrieval from memory ' . ` The memory performance of the participants who had a power nap was just as good as it was before sleeping , that is , immediately after completing the learning phase . ' While many details are not intrinsically emotionally arousing , they can gain emotional significance through our experiences . For example , the memory of a surprise birthday party includes details like what people were wearing and who was there . On the face of it , these details are not emotionally significant but we remember them because of the context in which they were experienced . Dr Dunsmoor and Dr Murty 's research has shown that people have better memory for boring information when it 's presented in an emotional context , regardless of if it is rewarding or negative . ` In some of our earlier studies , we found that people selectively remember neutral pictures if the pictures had been associated with an electrical shock the previous day , even when the volunteers were unaware that we would later test their memory , they wrote . ` We have also shown that people remember neutral pictures if they are warned that if they forget them , they will receive a shock the next day . ` Likewise , being rewarded with money for remembering certain pictures the next day can boost memory for those pictures as well . ' These experiments focus on emotional factors at the time the original memory is created and the findings show how seemingly trivial information associated with a meaningful event can be selectively preserved in memory . Emotion also increases the strength of our memory over time - a process called consolidation . Strong emotion can strengthen memory for positive events , such as a surprise birthday party -LRB- stock image -RRB- , and for negative events , such as making an embarrassing faux pas at an office party . Emotion affects activity in brain regions involved in emotional processing - such as the amygdala -LRB- pictured -RRB- and regions involved in encoding new experiences , like the hippocampus -LRB- also marked -RRB- . But what happens when the emotional event happens after the original memories were formed ? ` In a recent study , we found that an emotional experience can enhance memory for neutral information encountered previously , ' the researchers continued . Volunteers viewed a series of trivial pictures from two categories , either animals or tools . After a delay , volunteers were presented with a new set of animal and tool pictures -- only this time , when the volunteer saw the pictures they received an electrical shock to the wrist . ` We already knew that memory would be strengthened for the pictures paired with the electrical shock . But here we found that if we paired shocks with pictures of animals , memory was strengthened for pictures of animals volunteers saw before any shocks were delivered . ` If we shocked volunteers when they where shown pictures of tools , memory for the earlier pictures of tools was strengthened . ' The negative experience selectively increased memory for related information that was completely trivial when it was originally experienced . We use our memory not only to remember the past , but to guide our decisions in the future . Emotion helps us remember relevant information to determine our choices , but without the ability to strengthen seemingly trivial past experiences with new important information , we might end up missing out on future rewards or repeating the same mistakes .