A size six woman who was determined to keep in shape during pregnancy revealed she exercised twice a day and ate 30 pieces of fruit - including eight mangoes and ten bananas - every day . Yulia Tarbath , 33 , who is originally from Surrey but moved to Bali with her husband Paul in 2009 , led a raw vegan diet - consisting of massive quantities of fruit , vegetables and juice , as well as hours of running , cycling and lifting weights . The mother-of-one revealed she gained less than a stone in weight during her first pregnancy - and took less than two weeks to get back to her starting weight of 8 stone after giving both to daughter Elaine , who weighed a healthy 7 lb 5oz when born . Scroll down for video . Yulia , who stuck to a vegan diet consisting of massive quantities of fruit , vegetables and juice , as well as hours of running , cycling and lifting weights , at 39.5 weeks pregnant with her husband Paul . Every morning , Yulia , pictured with Paul and daughter , Elanie , started the day with eight mangoes . For lunch , she ate her way through ten bananas and entire bunches of spinach . Life coach Yulia said she believes there 's ` no excuse to be fat in pregnancy ' adding that carrying a child ` is no excuse to pig out ' . Every morning , Yulia started the day with eight mangoes . For lunch , she ate her way through ten bananas and entire bunches of spinach . For dinner , she ate huge avocado salads - washed down with the juice of a dozen oranges . She said : ` There 's no excuse to be fat in pregnancy . I exercised throughout my entire pregnancy and ate a healthy vegan diet . ` I did n't want to be eating for two - being pregnant is no excuse to pig out . ' Yulia added : ` My midwife thought I was crazy and urged me to eat more . People in the gym would come up to me and ask if I was okay - people thought I was crazy but I did what I wanted . Yulia Tarbath , 33 , pictured after she had her daughter , retained her size six figure throughout the nine-month term with regular work outs and a raw vegan diet . Yulia , pictured before falling pregnant , decided to research alternative options to battle her chronic tiredness , fertility problems , dry skin , dark circles and deep depression and discovered a raw vegan diet . ` I never exerted myself , did too much exercise or tried lifting weights that were too heavy for me . ` If anything , I took things a bit easy . ' Yulia moved to the Indonesian island of Bali in 2009 with husband Paul , 41 , to set up a healthy life-coaching business . When Yulia was 27 , she decided to research alternative options to battle her chronic tiredness , fertility problems , dry skin , dark circles and deep depression . She said : ` I read up on the benefits of being vegan . I had such a desire to become pregnant , but experienced issues . I was heavily depressed and suffered from chronic tiredness . ` Suddenly my life started to change when Paul and I became completely vegan . We threw ourselves into it and started working out twice a day . ' Yulia , at 31.5 weeks pregnant , moved to the Indonesian island of Bali in 2009 with her husband to set up a healthy life-coaching business . While Yulia , pictured at two months pregnant , may have had some funny looks from people in her local gym , she says she would n't change a thing about her pregnancy and will do the same if she has another child . Yulia , pictured with Paul after giving birth , says her midwife was concerned , especially with her diet . ` She wanted me to get more protein but I knew what I was doing , ' she said . In June 2013 , she fell pregnant , and in April the following year , the proud parents welcomed little Elanie into the world . She said : ` I was not about to stop my lifestyle . I continued working out and two weeks after finding out , I completed a triathlon . ` As the pregnancy developed I continued to work out twice a day and eat a vegan diet . Even five months into the pregnancy you could n't tell . From behind I just looked normal . ` I continued to exercise once in the morning with a job and light weights and then yoga , swim and cycle in the afternoon . ' While Yulia may have had some funny looks from people in her local gym , she said she would n't change a thing about her pregnancy . She said her life started to change when she and Paul became completely vegan . ` We threw ourselves into it and started working out twice a day , ' she said of their new lifestyle . Yulia retained her svelte size six figure throughout the nine-month term by exercising - and eating 30 pieces of fruit every day . She said : ` I felt such a connection to my child . I would be working out and feel her kick - I think she liked it - she was just as active as her mummy . ` My midwife was concerned , especially with my diet . She wanted me to get more protein but I knew what I was doing . ` Two weeks after birth I had already dropped to 8.5 st. My weight gain was purely the baby , and now I am back in the gym and breastfeeding my baby . ` When I fall pregnant again I would n't change a thing . I 'd run a marathon whilst carrying a child if I could . ' Speaking to FEMAIL about Yulia 's eating and exercise regime , Dr Eva Detko Nutritionist said : ` A vegan diet is potentially dangerous during pregnancy and definitely not recommended . Yulia , pictured with Paul after giving birth , gained less than a stone during her first pregnancy , and took less than two weeks to get back to her starting weight of 8st . Life coach Yulia stuck to a vegan diet consisting of massive quantities of fruit , vegetables and juice . ` I would never advise anyone to stay vegan during pregnancy , it 's not only about you - it 's about the baby . ` You obviously do n't need to eat twice as much - do n't eat for two ! - around 300 extra calories is fine , but you need quality protein , which is hard to get on a vegan diet . ` As a vegan -LRB- pregnant or not -RRB- , you must really know your stuff . ` It 's important to combine proteins to get all of the amino acids . You also need vitamins , including B12 , which you can only get from animal sources ; without good quality B12 you may have a baby with poor immunity . ` There are no vegan sources of B12 , so they would need supplementation . ` Then there 's essential fatty acids such as omega 3 , which is found in animal sources -LRB- or masses of seaweed -RRB- . ` On the plus side , vegans have a lot of green leafy vegetables , which are packed with iron , folic acid and calcium , which are all great during pregnancy . ' On top of her healthy diet , she endured hours of running , cycling and lifting weights . As Dr PhD Marilyn Glenville -LRB- www.marilynglenville.com -RRB- explains : ` Eating healthily means eating regular meals of freshly prepared whole foods . Buy organically grown produce wherever possible as this reduces the toxic load on the body . Eat a good proportion of raw fruits and vegetables . Do not eat raw meat or raw fish . Steam rather than boil , stir fry rather than deep fry and grill or stew rather than roast or fry . Make sure your diet is balanced with adequate protein , complex carbohydrates and high in essential fats but low in saturated fats and drink plenty of filtered or mineral water . ' Foods to include . • Complex Carbohydrates Good sources : fresh fruit and vegetables -LRB- raw or lightly cooked -RRB- , wholegrain breads , brown rice , wild rice , millet , oats , barley , buckwheat , rye and Quinoa . • Protein Good sources : Organic poultry -LRB- 1 or 2 pieces per week -RRB- , fish , goat milk , sheep milk , organic eggs , vegetarian cheese , nuts , soya , seeds and pulses . Some grains are better sources than others , for example Quinoa and millet ; the rest have a small amount and should be combined with other protein sources . • Fats Good sources : Oily fish such as wild organic salmon , sardines , mackerel and herring . Pumpkin seeds , sunflower seeds , walnuts , almonds , evening primrose oil , olive oil , hemp oil , starflower / borage oil and flax seed oil . • Water : Many of us do not drink enough water . It is thought to be essential in providing the medium in which many chemical reactions within the body take place . Sadly much of our tap water does not measure up to safety standards required . It is advisable to drink only bottled or filtered water whilst pregnant . • Fibre Good sources : Whole grains , fruit and vegetables , nuts and seeds . You can also soak a tablespoon of whole linseeds in a glass of water overnight and swallow with an extra glass of water to help with the bowel .