When Lane Smith passed away in a freak accident last July , he left behind his heavily-pregnant girlfriend and their unborn son . But now , nearly eight months after his passing , the young Oklahoma family has been reunited in their first ever family portrait , thanks to some clever photoshopping by a local photographer . Kayli Henley was snapping pictures of six-month-old Taos and his 20-year-old mother , Sierra Sharry , when the young mom asked the photographer if she could make their family complete . So Henley took a photograph of Smith from the family and , with a ghostly filter , fitted the image around his girlfriend and son , as if he were standing over them . Scroll down for video . Family portrait : A photoshopped image shows Sierra Sharry holding her six-month-old son Taos with her boyfriend , the baby 's father , Lane Smith , standing behind them . Smith passed away before his son 's birth . Sharry called the ghostly final picture ` amazing ' . ` Lane 's not physically here with us , of course , but that picture represents to us that he is always watching over us and he will always be there for us no matter what , ' she told KOCO . After sharing the image to her Facebook page , the photographer found that other people thought the image was amazing too . It has been liked more than 200,000 times and shared more than 25,000 times , and Henley has been inundated with requests to create other pictures for families who have lost a loved one . In a post shared on the Facebook page , Sharry explained that in July 2014 , she and 26-year-old Smith had been nervous about the impending birth of their son . ` We were scared as any new parents would be but ready for the adventure together , ' she said . Excitement : 26-year-old Lane Smith , pictured with his girlfriend in the couple 's pregnancy announcement , died after hitting his head in an accident in July 2014 . His son was born just a few weeks later . When she was around eight months pregnant , they went to jet boat races in El Reno , she recalled . But the weather was too warm for Sharry , so she left her boyfriend there with his family . ` When I left Lane that day I had no clue it would be the last time I 'd see him , ' she wrote . But in the early hours of the next day , she awoke to a call that Smith had been rushed to the OU Medical Center in Oklahoma City after he had fallen and hit his head . She and her mother raced to his side . They never considered his injuries could be life-threatening , but once they got there , they were given ` absolutely no hope that Lane was going to make it ' . ` July 13th 2014 was the absolute worst day of my life , ' she explained . ` I lost my best friend . The father of my unborn child . And since that day I have felt so empty inside . A part of me will forever be missing . I loved that man more than life itself . ' Strong : Sharry said that part of her has been missing since the death of Taos ' father but that the photograph allowed her to see her complete family for the first time . She is pictured in another image from the shoot . Missed : She said she knows that Smith , pictured left , will always be watching over her and their son , right . Their son was born just a few weeks later and when he approached six months , Sharry asked Henley , who is baked in Yukon , if she 'd be able to put together a family photo . ` I just got to thinking , we do n't have a picture with Lane in it , ' Sharry explained to KOCO . So Rene created the photo that has since been shared thousands of times online . ` It brought me to tears , ' Sharry wrote about the photograph . ` This is how I picture us . Taos and I living our lives the best we can with Lane ALWAYS watching over our shoulder . ' Rene said she was happy to be able to help . ` As soon as I met Taos , he had a smile that was so contagious , the happiest baby boy , and he instantly captured my heart , ' she said on her Facebook page . ' -LSB- I -RSB- never knew if I could make this reality for them . So glad I could and they can cherish this forever . '