Comedian Jenny Eclair travelled with her other half on a Painting In Venus break with Flavours . There comes a time in a woman 's life when beach holidays just do n't cut it any longer , when lying on golden sands -LRB- unless you 're buried up to your neck -RRB- serves only to remind you how much weight you forgot to lose again this year and how ill-fitting your swimming costume is . Being control freaks , most fifty-something females find ` doing nothing ' a bit boring -- after all , there are only so many hours one can spend on a Kindle , and woman can not live by fiction alone . This is the time when the ` alternative holiday experience ' tickles your holiday tastebuds and you find yourself looking at brochures for Nordic cruises . Excellent ! Everyone looks fat pointing at a fjord while wearing an Aran jumper . But apart from choosing chilly destinations such as the Arctic or Scarborough , your other non-lolling-about option is the ` activity holiday ' , which can range from Pilates to kayaking , or painting to pottery . Yes , I 've crossed over : the world is divided into those who still want to ` give it large ' in Ibiza , and those who want to find their ` inner artist ' . An excursion to Venice one day provided inspiration for the budding artists . I 'm in the latter camp -- and I 've got the paintings to prove it . Over the past year , I have found enormous pleasure , not in shoe shops , but in the haberdashery department of Peter Jones , or any shop that supplies art materials . I 've developed a yearning to be creative . I wanted to do something in my spare time that saved my sanity , lowered my blood pressure -LRB- without going to the gym -RRB- , soothed my soul and , with any luck , provided some cheap Christmas presents . Cooking has never been my thing , I 'm an enthusiastic but rubbish knitter , but I did do A-level Art , so I decided I fancied being taught how to master watercolours while simultaneously having a holiday somewhere nice . Bingo ! Last autumn I found myself spending a week in Treviso , just outside Venice , with a nine-strong crew of wannabe artists and keen cooks . Now before I go any further , I have to warn any single ladies that if you 're looking for hanky-panky , the Italian painting/cooking holiday combo may not provide rich pickings . With the exception of the painting tutor , Scotsman Hugh , and my other half Geof , we were middle-aged women to the core . Fabulous , hilarious , slightly eccentric middle - aged , middle-class women with plenty of pashminas and photos of dogs on our iPhones ! Jenny stayed at the Villa Bianchi , a comfortable farmhouse surrounded by maize fields and within easy striking distance by car of both Treviso and Venice . For seven days , we painters were patiently guided by Hugh through the basics of sketching , paint technique , colour and form , while the cooks stayed in the kitchen making our meals . I know who picked the short straw . But then , as they say , it 's horses for courses . The cooks wanted to chop vegetables into smithereens , while we artists wanted to sit in a medieval market town with a paintbrush in one hand and a glass of prosecco in the other . Of course , it was n't all work . Two days into the break , our holiday operator Flavours herded us all into minibuses and took us to Venice . Like schoolchildren with credit cards , we roamed the most beautiful city in the world and came home , inspired by its mind-boggling loveliness , with lots of photos to copy into our art books back at our base , Villa Bianchi . Staying in Treviso , just outside Venice , Jenny stayed in a nine-strong crew of wannabe artists and keen cooks . Although it was in the middle of nowhere , the farmhouse was comfortable , surrounded by maize fields and within easy striking distance by car of both Treviso and Venice . The grounds were meticulously kept and the garden featured a very attractive landscaped pool . Being the only couple , Geof and I had a separate annexe to ourselves . It might have looked a bit garage-like from the outside , but inside it was large and comfortable and contained a small kitchen -LRB- handy if the cooks in the main house are n't up to scratch -RRB- . Accommodation in the main villa was simple but stylish , whistle-clean , and with lots of bold splashes of colour and squishy sofas . Outside , a covered colonnaded area meant we could paint outdoors even when the weather turned . In terms of relaxation , the holiday ticked all the right boxes -- Geof and I had a completely stress-free break , and other people did the cooking . How marvellous is that ? There was no need to feel anxious about restaurant bills as the food and drink were entirely inclusive , even when went out on day trips to Venice and Treviso . As for our artistic endeavours , Geof cheated , having been at art school in the 1960s . Heavenly backdrop : Church of Santa Maria Della Salute at dusk , Venice , just one of the Venetian sights that provided inspiration in the historic city . He quickly became the teacher 's pet , which was slightly infuriating -LRB- although secretly I was rather proud of him -RRB- . And me ? Well , I definitely found my inner artist . Unfortunately she 's a bit gaudy and rather heavy-handed on the colour front , but if you like your paintings slightly vulgar , then I 'm happy to take commissions -LRB- prices on application -RRB- . So , well done to Flavours . Thanks to you , a ratty , tired old couple came home with a some rather special holiday memories . Now , I 'm not saying that any of mine are going on the wall , but a couple of Geof 's might make it into frames . In the meantime , I 'm still doing it . My palette , brushes and delicious selection of multi-coloured pans -LRB- the little blocks of paint -RRB- are always to hand . I love the ritual of it . I like the way my breathing slows down when I have a brush in my hand . I might not be very good at painting but painting is very good for me . Flavours -LRB- flavoursholidays.co.uk , 0131 343 2500 -RRB- offers a seven-night full-board Painting In Venice break from £ 1,599 pp , including wine with meals , five days of tuition , excursions , and £ 100 towards flight costs . British Airways -LRB- ba.com -RRB- offers return flights to Venice from Heathrow , Gatwick and London City from £ 77pp .