Senad Lulic scored a late goal to give Lazio a 1-0 win at Napoli which sent them into the Coppa Italia final and added to Rafael Benitez 's problems on Wednesday . Holders Napoli went into the match as favourites after drawing 1-1 away in the first leg of the semi-final but were knocked out after a familiar tale of missed chances and poor defending . Napoli coach Benitez was under pressure after his side slipped from third to sixth in Serie A , leaving their Champions League qualification hopes in tatters , and retaining the Coppa was seen as a chance to salvage their season . Substitute Senad Lulic times his run perfectly to tap in a late winner in Lazio 's 1-0 defeat of Napoli . Lulic celebrates with Lazio striker Miroslav Klose as the visitors set up a Coppa Italia final against Juventus . Lazio players form a huddle on the pitch as they celebrate their narrow victory to keep their impressive run going . Napoli star Lorenzo Insigne reacts at the final whistle as the holders are dumped out of the competition . Napoli -LRB- 4-2-3-1 -RRB- : Andujar : Maggio , Albiol , Britos , Ghoulam ; Inler , Gargano -LRB- Insigne -RRB- ; Gabbiadini -LRB- Callejon -RRB- , Hamsik , Mertens -LRB- De Guzman -RRB- ; Higuain . Subs : Rafael , Colombo , Koulibaly , Strinic , Henrique , Zuniga , Jorginho , David Lopez , Zapata . Booked : De Guzman , Albiol , . Lazio -LRB- 4-3-3 -RRB- : Berisha ; Basta , De Vrij , Mauricio , Braafheid -LRB- Cavanda -RRB- ; Cataldi -LRB- Mauri -RRB- , Biglia , Parolo ; Candreva -LRB- Lulic -RRB- , Klose , Felipe Anderson . Subs : Marchetti , Strakosha , Novaretti , Cana , Ciani , Pereirinha , Ederson , Ledesma , Perea . Booked : Parolo , Mauricio . Goal : Lulic 79 ' Even before Wednesday 's result , there was mounting speculation that the Spaniard would not renew his contract at the end of the season . Napoli forward Manolo Gabbiadini fired a free kick against the foot of the post and headed wide from Marek Hamsik 's cross as the hosts pressed in the first half . Gonzalo Higuain twice came close to being put clean through on goal early in the second half while Jonathan de Guzman wasted another chance to break clear of the Lazio defence with a poor first touch . But Lazio , who face Juventus in the final , were also dangerous and went ahead 11 minutes from time when Felipe Anderson rolled the ball across the face of goal and Lulic beat three defenders to the ball to turn it in from six metres . The Bosnian , who scored the winner when Lazio beat AS Roma in the final two seasons ago , was also the hero at the other end when he cleared the ball off the line after a brilliant run by Lorenzo Insigne . Juventus overcame a first-leg deficit with a 3-0 win at Fiorentina on Tuesday . Earlier , last-place Parma beat Udinese 1-0 in a Serie A match that was postponed from February , when crisis-hit Parma was unable to provide basic stadium services like lighting and security . Napoli forward Gonzalo Higuain was guilty of missing several opportunities as the holders went out at home . Napoli playmaker Marek Hamsik -LRB- right -RRB- gets his pass away before Lazio striker Klose arrives . Napoli and former Real Madrid striker Higuain competes for the ball with Dusan Basta of Lazio . Higuain shields himself from Basta 's nigh boot as both teams strive to break the stalemate . Germany legend Klose chases down Gokhan Inler of Napoli during the Coppa Italia decider . Napoli defender Miguel Angel Britos -LRB- on floor -RRB- slides in to block Antonio Candreva 's shot in the first half . Lazio 's Edson Braafheid -LRB- left -RRB- shields the ball from Napoli forward Manolo Gabbiadini during the game at the San Paolo . Former Liverpool and Chelsea manager Rafa Benitez could not repeat last season 's feat of wining the Coppa Italia . Lazio players celebrate with the bench after Lulic 's goal sets up a final date with league leaders Juventus .