She may be a blue blood , but Princess Eugenie was barely recognisable as she strutted through the streets of New York in the ultimate hipster ensemble on Wednesday . The 25-year-old cousin of Princes William and Harry embraced the sports luxe trend as she navigated the concrete jungle with a friend . The British royal , who is currently working in New York , looked casually chic in a charcoal leather-trim coat and Nike hoodie , which she pulled over her short , dark tresses . Scroll down for video . Princess Eugenie , 25 , looked every inch the hipster as she strode through the streets of New York with a friend . She showcased her toned legs in a black mini dress , which she wore with on-trend over-the-knee boots . Shielding her eyes from the springtime sun with tortoiseshell sunglasses and toting a brown quilted studded leather bag by Rebecca Minkoff , Princess Eugenie laughed and joked with her female friend . At the end of last month , the young royal , who lives three and a half thousand miles away from her family in the UK , celebrated her 25th birthday . In the middle of a Palace function , her father , Prince Andrew , whipped out his iPad and used it to video call his daughter , who currently lives in Manhattan . The 25-year-old cousin of Princes William and Harry laughed and joked as she navigated the concrete jungle with a friend . The young royal protected her eyes from the springtime sun with tortoiseshell sunglasses and carried a brown quilted studded leather bag by Rebecca Minkoff . Zara Contrast Leather Collar Biker Coat . Now sold out - click to shop a similar style . Visit site . A princess she may be , but that does n't stop Eugenie shopping on the high-street . Here , she 's rocking Zara 's contrast leather collar biker coat , which was a hit item a few seasons ago , popping up on fashion blogs everywhere . We love the cool leather collar that gives the coat an edgy streak and adds a bit of pizazz to the otherwise classic design . In fact , we have to say that Eugenie is looking fairly edgy herself with those nineties-inspired round frames , studded bag and on-trend over-the-knee boots . A royally good outfit ... every pun intended . Although Eugenie 's exact Zara coat has now sold out , click right to discover their current offering which is fit for a modern day princess , or , you know , just anyone really . Alternatively , get shopping our edit below . Saks Fifth Avenue has a dead ringer to Eugenie 's Zara style featuring a similar biker design and leather collar ! Missguided Detachable Fur Collar Long Line Biker Jacket -LRB- now $ 60 -RRB- . Visit site . Calvin Klein Jeans Faux Leather Shearling Biker Coat at 6 pm -LRB- now $ 139.99 -RRB- . Visit site . Boohoo Aimee Coat . Visit site . Saks Fifth Avenue RED Faux Leather Biker Coat at Saks Off Fifth -LRB- now $ 93.60 -RRB- . Visit site . If that was n't enough , the prince got his 400-strong audience in the State Apartments at St James 's Palace to sing a cheery rendition of Happy Birthday , accompanied by a trumpeter from the Scots Guards . The royal , who was hosting the Pitch@Palace event for entrepreneurs , introduced the stunned audience to the singalong at St James 's Palace , saying : ` We are going to do something new this evening . ` The lady in the middle is my youngest daughter and it 's her 25th birthday today . ' Eugenie has been in New York for the past year , working for an online auction house . Laughing Eugenie , wearing a pair of novelty birthday candle glasses to mark the occasion , and accompanied by her sister , Princess Beatrice , and mother , Sarah , Duchess of York , smiled and waved . Andrew told her : ` You will notice that we have somebody here to play -LRB- gesturing to the trumpeter -RRB- . ' He then turned to the lance corporal and added : ` If you will lead us in Happy Birthday please ... ' There were cheers from the crowd as the song came to an end , while plenty of others waved and tried to capture the moment on their camera phones . Eugenie looked delighted and said she was ` very proud , Pops ' of her father 's role in the awards , which celebrate innovation and technology in the creative industries . The royal cousin of Princes William and Harry was on trend in her black over-the-knee boots . But the singalong did not impress his ex-wife , who joked - in the style of a Eurovision announcement - that the rendition scored ` zero points ' . Sarah added : ` We think you all need to go for choir practice . ' Andrew , however , was content with the gesture . ` Having been told this was a bad idea , it worked , ' he said . The Prince , who used a Pitch@Palace event last year to send the first royal selfie , joked : '' What was it somebody said about children and dogs ? ' The social media-savy Royal is also the only senior working royal to have his own personal Twitter account . Eugenie has been in New York for the past year , working for an online auction house . The Duke of York holds an iPad as he invites the audience at the Pitch@Palace event to sing happy birthday via FaceTime to his daughter Princess Eugenie . Princess Eugenie of York , pictured with her sister Beatrice at attend The Serpentine Gallery Summer Party last summer , proves she can cut a glamorous figure .