Men who crave the benefits of yoga but recoil at sharing the experience with a room full of women are turning to Broga , a rugged take on the 3,000-year-old practice of movement and breath . Broga celebrates the physical over the spiritual , and strength over flexibility . Experts say it sets men free to flex tight hamstrings without hearing invocations to Hindu deities or feeling inept next to a woman twisted like a pretzel . Scroll down for video . Yoga for men : From downward dog to warrior pose , Broga is becoming increasingly popular thanks to its ` rugged ' approach to traditional yoga workouts . Making a point : Traditionally seen as an exercise regime for women , yoga is changing and now has a more universal appeal . ` I consider myself an athletic guy , but have never been flexible and did n't like the thought of embarrassing myself in front of a group of women , ' said financial analyst and Broga enthusiast Eric Wright , 22 , from San Jose , California . Founder : Robert Sidoti -LRB- pictured -RRB- is the creator and co-Founder of Broga . Eric and his male colleagues use the video streaming service Grokker , which is aimed at broadcasting fitness , food and yoga classes directly to your home or office , to partake in their weekly yoga sessions . ` On Wednesdays we have a standing Broga appointment and anywhere from five to eight others will join me , ' he said . Grokker founder and CEO Lorna Borenstein said more men are adding yoga to their exercise routines as a cross-training tool for flexibility and improving recovery time . Even if they spend most of their time focusing on more high intensity gym training , men are now using yoga as a useful warm-up method . ` Men are a little late to the party , ' she said . ` But we 're seeing more men in the workplace who find time to do yoga together a few times a week . ' Yoga instructor Robert Sidoti , based in Martha 's Vineyard , Massachusetts , is the creator and co-founder of the trademarked Broga Yoga , which so far has trained some 200 Broga instructors in at least 22 states . Sidoti taught his first Broga class in 2009 . Proof : More gyms are holding classes focused at enabling men to practice the gentle work-out as it becomes more and more fashionable . Workout : Every athlete needs to incorporate elements of stretching and lengthening into their programme , says Broga 's founder . Popular : More gyms are devoting resources and dedicated studio space to Broga programs . ` A lot of guys were saying ` I ca n't touch my knees , let alone my toes . I would never go to a mostly women class and do things I 'm no good at , ' said Sidoti , whose sequences are designed with men 's bodies in mind . ` We rarely go into poses that require deep forward bending , twisting and binding , ' he said , adding that a High Intensity Interval Training -LRB- HIIT -RRB- sequence is included in his standard workout . Broga talk is also anatomically driven , rather than focusing on the mind and the soul like many traditional yoga classes do . ` It 's not so much about feeling your heart center as feeling the stretch across your chest , ' Sidoti explained . Flexible : Experts say that Broga can help athletes recover from injuries and boost their range of motion . Strength training : Fitness experts say that certain sequences and asanas are great for warm-ups and cool downs before training . Beneficial : Experts say that Broga helps with increased mobility and , as a result , helps men lift heavier weights and boost their work-outs . Jessica Matthews , senior adviser for health and fitness education at the American Council on Exercise , said most men tend to view yoga as a workout rather than a spiritual practice . ` They celebrate the physical , ' said Matthews , who is also a yoga teacher . Wright said Broga has improved his hamstring flexibility . ` Four months ago I could n't touch my toes and today I can almost reach my palms to the ground , ' he said .