A paramedic who pretended he was gay to get close to women before sexually assaulting them has been struck off the medical register . Christopher Bridger , 25 , from Stevenage , Hertfordshire , attacked three women after separate drinking sessions and was jailed for 12 years after being convicted of rape and four other abuse charges last year . The HCPC Conduct and Competence Committee today removed him from the register after hearing his crimes and describing them as ` a serious breach of trust ' . Christopher Bridger , 25 , who was jailed for 12 years after he sexually assaulted three women , has been struck off the medical register . A jury at Guildford Crown Court , Surrey , found him guilty of raping a fellow student while he was studying to be a paramedic at St George 's University Hospital in London in 2008 . He had accompanied her back to her halls following a Freshers ' Week fancy dress party and began kissing and cuddling her , despite being told to stop . He then raped her but astonishingly broke down in tears afterwards and said : ` I just want to like girls . ' The woman told the jury she ended up comforting Bridger , despite knowing he was in the wrong . His other victims were co-workers at South East Coast Ambulance Service NHS Trust , where he started working in 2010 . A lesbian colleague told the court she was molested by Bridger after a staff Christmas party while her girlfriend was in the same hotel bed . The HCPC Conduct and Competence Committee found his crimes were a ` serious breach of trust ' The women , aged in their 20s - who can not be named for legal reasons - were forced to relive their ordeals after the ambulance worker accused them of lying during a trial in July last year . His colleague explained how Bridger came up to her hotel room after she got extremely intoxicated at the party in December 2011 . He climbed into bed between his victim and her partner and the woman awoke to find him sexually assaulting her and pleasuring himself as her girlfriend lay asleep next to them . She kept quiet , fearing her partner would n't understand what had happened , but the day after on his birthday , he sheepishly sent the woman a number of text messages apologising for his behaviour . One text said : ` It was one night of stupidity for which I will be eternally sorry . ' Another said : ` You do n't have to forgive me , I 'm just telling you the truth . I 'm ashamed of myself . ' His final victim was also a colleague from the South East Coast Ambulance Service , who said she was sexually assaulted after she allowed him to stay at her house after a dinner in October 2012 . Bridger was suspended from work after the incidents were reported to South East Coast Ambulance Services bosses in 2012 . He was jailed for 12 years and ordered to sign the Sex Offenders ' Register for life but failed to attend today 's medical register hearing . Striking him off , chair of the HCPC panel , Nicola Bastin said : ` The panel has heard that the offences were committed against three vulnerable young women who were known to the registrant as friends and colleagues including a student paramedic . This represented a serious breach of trust . ` The panel has also heard that the women were vulnerable due to the effects of alcohol and that one of the offences was committed when the woman was asleep . ` The panel has considered this case very carefully and can not find any redeeming features on the part of the registrant . A jury at Guildford Crown Court , Surrey , found him guilty of rape and four other sex abuse charges . ` The panel takes the view that this case is serious , it does indeed involve abuse of trust , sexual abuse of a serious nature and , furthermore , there is no evidence of insight on the part of the registrant . ' The HCPC panel chairman Brian Wroe added : ` The registrant entered a plea of not guilty to each of the charges and was found guilty following a 13 day trial . ` This showed Christopher Bridger lacks the insight into the circumstances which resulted in the convictions and does not take responsibility for his actions . ' When he was sentenced in September , Mr Recorder Mark Milliken-Smith told him : ` These were wicked , mean and utterly cowardly offences which have and will have serious consequences on these young women and those around them for a very long time . '