Jordan Speith is in prime position to win the Masters , maintaining the lead during the final round at Augusta . The 21-year-old has begun the last day of the hallowed tournament after setting a scoring record for 54 holes of 16 under par . He is playing alongside British contender Justin Rose in the final , showcase pairing , and will be looking to avoid the disappointment of last year , when he finished runner-up . Some of his American rivals , such as Tiger Woods , have slipped down the leaderboard . But others , including Dustin Johnson and Phil Mickelson are still posing a threat . Jordan Speith , pictured during his final round on Sunday , is in prime position to win The Masters , taking a four shot lead into the final round at Augusta . He is playing with British contender Justin Rose , who began the day four shots off the pace . Spieth , who squandered a front-nine Masters lead on Sunday last year and settled for sharing second behind Bubba Watson , is the man to beat for the top prize of $ 1.8 million at the $ 10 million event . ` Last year definitely left a bad taste in my mouth , ' Spieth said . ` Looking at trying to get some revenge . I 've got a long way to go still . ' The spotlight belonged to Spieth , who could break Tiger Woods ' 1997 tournament record of 18-under 270 by shooting 69 in the final round . The former world number one Woods started the day some shots back , and caused concern on the 7th hole when he seemed to injure his finger . He then pulled up on the 8th tee , shaking off the same hand while his girlfriend Lindsey Vonn watched from the crowds . If he wins , Spieth would become the second-youngest winner in Masters history , five months older than Woods when he won his first major in 1997 . Spieth could also become only the fifth wire-to-wire winner in Masters history , joining Craig Wood in 1941 , Arnold Palmer in 1960 , Jack Nicklaus in 1972 and Ray Floyud in 1976 . Spieth is the first player since Greg Norman in 1996 to own the outright Masters lead after each of the first three rounds , but Norman squandered a six-stroke lead in making the greatest last-day collapse in major golf history and lost by five to Nick Faldo . Tiger Woods waits to play a shot on the first hole during the final round . He started the day further down the field looking to make up lost ground . The former world number one let go of his club and shook his hand after hurting his wrist during after playing a shot in pine needles . His girlfriend , gold medal skier Lindsey Vonn , was spotted walking up the first way as he got his round underway . She has been on hand to support her beau at Augusta throughout the week . No player in Masters history has ever reached 19-under at any stage of the tournament but Spieth flirted with it Saturday , making four birdies in five holes to stand 18-under before a double bogey at 17 and a 10-foot par save at 18 , and could threaten again Sunday . With 22 birdies through 54 holes , Spieth broke Woods ' record of 21 in 2005 and is on pace to shatter Mickelson 's Masters 72-hole birdie total record of 25 from 2001 . But Spieth has not made the Masters a runaway . Rose , who closed with five birdies in the last six holes Saturday , is trying for a second major crown - 22 months after his breakthrough at Merion . And Mickelson is still in position to potentially become the second-oldest winner in Masters history after Jack Nicklaus , who was 46 when he won in 1986 . Mickelson has only one top-10 in his past 31 starts but it was a runner-up effort at last year 's PGA Championship . Mickelson won the 2004 , 2006 and 2010 Masters , as well as the 2005 PGA Championship and 2013 British Open . Should he win Sunday , he would match Faldo and Lee Trevino as six-time major champions . Spieth -LRB- above with girlfriend Annie Verret on her 21st birthday -RRB- is the first player since Greg Norman in 1996 to own the outright Masters lead after each of the first three rounds . On Saturday it was reported that the Dallas , Texas native has just bought $ 2.3 million on a stunning Texas mansion and has a gorgeous girlfriend , Annie Verret , who also happens to be his high school sweetheart . Spieth grew up the oldest of three siblings to Shawn and Chris Spieth . Steven , Spieth 's younger brother , is an athlete as well , and plays basketball for Brown University . Then there is his youngest sibling Ellie , who was born with a neurological disorder that places her on the autism spectrum , and who has played the biggest role in shaping her brother 's career according to Spieth 's mother . She says Ellie helps the young superstar stay so grounded . ` Jordan would n't be where he 's at today if he did n't grow up with Ellie , ' said Mrs. Spieth in an interview with ESPN . ` Jordan realizes this is n't real life at the Masters . Trying to sit around and have dinner when his sister does n't want to eat when everybody else is eating and has a fit , that 's real life . ' Spieth on his own website has said : ` Being Ellie 's brother humbles me every day of my life . '