A giant hammerhead shark swims in the shallows off Destin , Florida , chasing after its next meal while two oblivious swimmers bask in the crystal clear water just feet away . ` Get out the water ! ' cries a man with a group of friends on a penthouse balcony overlooking the beach , and for a long time to no avail , until they finally spot the danger as the shark 's chase leads it too close to them for comfort . While the likelihood that serious injury would have been very unlikely should the shark have turned its attentions to them , the swimmers were n't willing to stick around to confirm it . Two swimmers stand oblivious to a hammerhead shark as it hunts a fish in the shallows off Florida . The swimmers were shouted at to get out of the water by a group of men standing on a penthouse balcony . Hammerheads are largely harmless to humans , but the swimmers were willing to stick around to prove it . ` Yeah , now run , ' said one of the group of men watching and filming the shark as it displayed the full range of its agility in pursuit of the fish , perhaps a small stingray , one of the species ' favourite foods . ` I think they finally figured it out , ' said another of the residents at the Silver Beach Towers . ` That is a massive shark , and it came all the way up to knee level . ' Destin is a resort town in Okaloosa County , Florida , on the peninsula that separates the Gulf of Mexico from Choctawhatchee Bay . While their hearts may have been racing once they were safely on the beach , the Florida Museum of Natural History 's International Shark Attack File lists 17 unprovoked attacks on humans by hammerheads , with none of them fatal . ` Yeah , now run , ' said one of the group of men watching as the hammerhead ramped up its chase of the fish . The swimmers are surely relieved once on shore , although serious injury was highly unlikely . Only three of the 11 known species of hammerhead are believed to be hostile to humans , the scalloped , great , and smooth hammerheads . It 's a different story with great white , tiger or bull sharks , which are considered the `` Big Three '' when it comes to shark attacks claiming the majority of fatalities for swimmers and surfers .