After his grandfather passed away when he was just 12-years-old , Brendan Cordina resigned himself to the fact that his beloved World War II medals were gone forever . After searching far and wide for two years , the 36-year-old amazingly found the medals in the Northern Territory and drove over 3500 kilometres in four days to be reunited with the family treasures . But on his arrival at the Darwin Military Museum , Mr Cordina was refused the medals and told that they ` were more important to the museum . ' Medals include an Airforce Cross , War Medal 39-45 Star , a Queen Elizabeth II Coronation Medal and others . Brendan Cordina -LRB- pictured here with his son Zac -RRB- drove for four days to find his grandfather 's medals . ` I searched for years and really thought they were lost forever , ' Mr Cordina told Daily Mail Australia . ` I started by ringing around RSL 's asking if anyone had heard of flight lieutenant Captain Jack Slade . ' Mr Cordina then began a national search and found clues that brought him to Darwin after two years of searching . ` After confirming that we had found the medals , we put it to the museum board , ' he said . ` It took time to get an answer , but museum Director Pierre Akin responded saying that `` the medals are more important to us and they 're going to stay here . ' '' The museum instead offered to send Mr Cordina replicas to which he was outraged . ` I was disgusted about it , ' he said . ` It 's the sentimentality , if they put replicas in the museum , the public would not know the difference , but I do . ' After posting the rejection letter he received on Facebook , Mr Cordina saw the messages of support and decided to start a petition on change.org . ` I never for a moment imagined our family would be left begging for his bravery to be respected -- yet unbelievably , that 's exactly what NT Museums has done , rejecting our plea for his service medals to be returned , ' the petition reads . Captain Jack Slade was a flight lieutenant in World War II and received many distinguished service medals . He has received of 15,000 signatures in under 24 hours and is overwhelmed by the public 's support . ` I 'm humbled and honoured that people are siding with what 's right , ' he said . The medals for Mr Slade 's service included the distinguished Airforce Cross , an order of the British Empire , a War Medal 39-45 Star , a Queen Elizabeth II Coronation Medal among various others . But Mr Cordina 's biggest regret is that his ill mother will not get to see her father 's medals again . ` She can barely make it to the front door , let alone Darwin , ' he said . ` She 'll never see them again if we ca n't get them home . ' The Director of the Museum and Art Gallery of the Northern Territory , Pierre Arpin understands that the family are emotionally tied to these items , but said he has respected the intent of the donor . The donor was Mr Slade 's wife , Mel Slade , who has also since passed away . ` Joyce Maden , who is the executrix of the will called us and confirmed that it was very clearly in his will , ' Mr Arpin told Daily Mail Australia . Director of MAGNT , Pierre Arpin , said he respected the intent of the donor to have medals benefit the public . ` Both of them detailed what their intent was and it was to have the medals at the museum benefiting the public . ' Mr Arpin said that after Mrs Slade 's death , it took a year for the museum to receive an offer of donation as it went through the board for a long period . ` A note from Mel Slade herself says , `` let me put these things where they should be because that respects my husband 's wishes , '' ' Mr Arpin said . Mr Cordina said he never knew about the will as his family did not have a relationship with Mr Slade 's second wife . ` I only found out about this last night as it was never mentioned to me , not even my emailing back and forth with the museum , ' Mr Cordina said . ` I 'm still beside myself why this is coming to light now . ' Mr Cordina is still hoping for the museum to override the board 's decision . ` If anything were to ever happen I 'd give them back to them , ' he said . ` I 'd just love for the museum to have a heart and hand them back . '