Ferrari team principal Maurizio Arrivabene has revealed to using a carrot-and-stick method with Kimi Raikkonen to keep his desire to remain with the Maranello marque high . With Lewis Hamilton yet to sign his new contract as he negotiates the finer details with Mercedes , it has been suggested that the 30-year-old will replace Raikkonen at Ferrari for next season . The Finn , however , has arguably never been happier during his Formula One career courtesy of the atmosphere generated within the team by the arrival of the charismatic Arrivabene . Lewis Hamilton celebrates his victory at the Bahrain Grand Prix ahead of the Ferrari of Kimi Raikkonen . Raikkonen shakes hands with Hamilton in parc ferme after finishing behind the race winner in Bahrain . Last week Arrivabene urged Raikkonen to raise his game in the wake of an indifferent start to the campaign , certainly compared with team-mate Sebastian Vettel . In Sunday 's Bahrain Grand Prix , Raikkonen did exactly that , finishing on the podium for the first time in 26 grands prix as runner-up to Hamilton . The performance naturally resulted in Arrivabene being asked as to Raikkonen 's chances of staying , given he has an option on his deal for next year , but also whether Ferrari were interested in Hamilton . Arrivabene said : ` Does Lewis Hamilton call you ? Because he never calls me . Every driver here in the paddock wants to drive for Ferrari , this is normal , even guys that were quite a lot of the time world champion . ` I 'm happy with the drivers we have , but this does not mean I am going to sign with Kimi tomorrow . Nico Rosberg duels for position with Sebastian Vettel heading into Turn 1 during Sunday 's race in Bahrain . Raikkonen , the 2007 world champion , celebrates his first podium finish since the 2013 Korean Grand Prix . ` We are very clear , I repeat again : I said to Kimi , ` Look , it depends on your performance ' and he has demonstrated he 's a great driver . ` So if you ask me now `` Does he deserve to renew the option ? '' I am going to say yes . But if I am going to say yes , I do n't want the driver to fall asleep . I want to keep him awake . Kimi is at his best when he is in a bit in trouble . This is a psychological approach . So the paper -LRB- the contract -RRB- at the moment is white . Sometimes I have to take the pen , then take it back . ' Raikkonen produced his best performance of the season to finish second behind Hamilton . Although Raikkonen managed to split Mercedes duo Hamilton and Nico Rosberg , with Vettel down in fifth , it was not the result practice had suggested as Ferrari appeared stronger on long-run pace than Mercedes . Arrivabene knows Ferrari still have plenty of work to do if they are to keep pace with Mercedes on a regular basis . ` We put together an aggressive strategy , which is exactly what we discussed , ' added Arrivabene . ` We recognise the gap we have to Mercedes , so the only way is to be aggressive , even though at this stage you can make a mistake if you are aggressive . ` If one day we are able to catch them , of course the strategy must be put together in a way that is a bit different . '