Hundreds of fishermen race to be rescued from an isolated Indonesian island where many were enslaved to catch seafood for Western restaurants in these remarkable images . Indonesian officials probing labor abuses told the migrant workers today they were allowing them to leave for another island by boat out of concern for their safety . More than 300 fishermen emerged from nearby trawlers , villages and even the jungle to make the trip , having been kept like slaves at the Pusaka Benjina Resources fishing company compound . They were finally being rescued by the Indonesian Fisheries Ministry after officials issued a moratorium on fishing to crack down on poaching . Burmese fishermen raise their hands as they are asked who among them want to go home at the compound of Pusaka Benjina Resources fishing company in Benjina , Aru Islands , Indonesia . These fishermen run to collect their belongings after being informed they can leave the isolated island . Two fishermen most likely kept as slaves hug each other as they wait for their boat out of the compound . Burmese fishermen raise their hands as they are asked who among them wants to be allowed to go home . ` I will go see my parents , ' said Win Win Ko , 42 , smiling to reveal a mouth full of missing teeth . ` They have n't heard from me , and I have n't heard from them since I left . ' He left impoverished Myanmar four years ago on the promise of getting a good job in neighboring Thailand , but like many others stranded in the island village of Benjina , he was instead duped into getting on a fishing boat that took him thousands of miles from home with no return . He said his four teeth were kicked out by a Thai boat captain 's military boots because he was not moving fish fast enough from the deck to the hold below . The current and former slaves began getting news about the rescue as a downpour started , and some ran through the rain . They sprinted back to their boats , jumping over the rails and throwing themselves through windows . They stuffed their meagre belongings into plastic bags and rushed back to the dock , not wanting to be left behind . A small boat went from trawler to trawler picking up men who wanted to go and was soon loaded down with about 30 men . The Indonesian delegation began interviewing men on boats and assessing the situation on the island this week . They have been told of the existence of a company graveyard in Benjina and of eight fishermen being locked in a company cage . The fishermen described being beaten , kicked and whipped with stingray tails and given Taser-like electric shocks . These men can not wait for the boat to take them off Benjina where many were beaten , kicked and abused . These men huddle in the rain . An Indonesian delegation began interviewing men on boats and assessing the situation on the island this week . Burmese fishermen arrive at the compound of Pusaka Benjina Resources to report themselves for departure to leave the fishing company . A fisherman plays with rain water as he waits to leave . More than 300 fishermen emerged from trawlers , villages and even the jungle to make the trip . Some said they fell ill and were not given medicine ; others said had been promised jobs in Thailand but were instead issued fake seafarer documents and taken to Indonesia , where they were made to work 20 to 22-hour days with no time off for little or zero pay . Their catch is then shipped back to Thailand , where it enters global markets , the Associated Press reported last month . Initially , Indonesian officials told about 20 men from Myanmar , also known as Burma , that they could be moved from Benjina to neighboring Tual island for their safety following interviews with officials on Friday . However , as news spread that some were getting to leave the island , dozens of others started filing in from all over and sitting on the floor . An official was later asked if those hiding in the forest could come as well . ` They can all come , ' said Asep Burhanuddin , director general of Indonesia 's Marine Resources and Fisheries Surveillance . ` We do n't want to leave a single person behind . ' Foreign fishermen sit on the ground before being questioned by Indonesian officials at the compound . Many fishermen where were made to work 20 to 22-hour days with no time off for little or zero pay . Foreign fishermen gather on their boat during an inspection conducted by Indonesian officials in Benjina . Hundreds stuck in a cruel industry rushed at the chance to be rescued from the isolated island . The delegation said security in Benjina is limited , with only two Indonesian navy officials stationed there . The men crowded onto seven trawlers and will be moved to Tual over 24 hours . They will stay at a Fisheries Ministry compound until their identities can be verified . ` I expected to evacuate all of them , but I did not expect it this soon , ' said Ida Kusuma , one of the leaders of the Fisheries Ministry delegation . ` But I think it 's good . ' Kusuma said the next step is to coordinate with immigration and their countries of origin . The International Organization for Migration said last week there could be as many as 4,000 foreign men , many trafficked or enslaved , who are stranded on islands surrounding Benjina following a fishing moratorium called by the Indonesian Fisheries Ministry to crack down on poaching . Indonesia has some of the world 's richest fishing grounds , and the government estimates billions of dollars in seafood are stolen from its waters by foreign crews every year . Many of those leaving Benjina on Friday were Burmese , but about 50 refused to go , saying they had not received their salaries and did not want leave without money . Another 50 from Cambodia came forward in a group ready to leave . The Benjina compound allegedly had a company graveyard in Benjina and eight fishermen reported being locked in a cage . The International Organization for Migration said last week there could be as many as 4,000 foreign men , many trafficked or enslaved , who are stranded on islands surrounding Benjina . Burmese fishermen carry their meagre belongings with them as they prepare to finally leave the island . Officials from Myanmar will visit the islands next week to look for more men and start the process of sending them home . Thai fishermen will not be transported because they are not seen as a security risk since most of the boat captains in Benjina are from Thailand , Burhanuddin said . Officials from Thailand visited the island earlier this week , but their trip was focused on finding Thai nationals who had been trafficked . They denied mistreatment on the boats and said the crews were all Thai , which directly contradicted what the Indonesians and the AP found . ` We examined the boats and the crews , and the result is most of the crews are happy and a few of them are sick and willing to go home , ' said Thai police Lt. Gen. Saritchai Anekwiang , who was leading the delegation . ` Generally , the boat conditions are good . ' This is the sort of fishing operation in which the Benjina fishermen will have been involved . Seafood caught by slaves mixes in with other fish at a number of sites in Thailand , including processing plants . Some were kept locked up in cages on Benjina and forced to catch fish which ends up in US supply chains . Slaves use this warehouse in Benjina as a makeshift dormitory after finishing shifts that last up to 22 hours . The year-long AP investigation used satellites to track seafood caught by the slaves from a large refrigerated cargo ship in Benjina to Thailand . The investigation linked the seafood to supply chains of some of America 's largest supermarkets and retailers . The report prompted the US government and major seafood industry leaders to urge Thailand to end slavery at sea and to punish those responsible . Thailand 's biggest seafood company , Thai Union Frozen Products , announced it was cutting ties with a supplier after determining it might be involved with forced labor and other abuses . Police are investigating in Benjina and will decide whether to prosecute those involved , said Kedo Arya , head of Maluku province prosecutor 's office . While excitement and relief flooded through many of the fishermen assembled on the dock , some carrying suitcases or small rucksacks , others looked scared and unsure of what to expect next . ` I 'm really happy , but I 'm confused , ' said Nay Hla Win , 32 . ` I do n't know what my future is in Myanmar . '