Marc Carn , 29 , from Plymouth , has been found safe and well after going missing during a stag do in Barcelona . A British father who vanished during a stag do in Barcelona was forced to walk for 20 hours after his taxi driver dumped him outside the Spanish city - and told him to find his own way home . Marc Carn , from Plymouth , Devon , was drinking in an Irish bar with ten friends near to Las Ramblas on Saturday night when he suddenly disappeared . After he failed to turn up for his flight back home , Mr Carn 's worried family contacted the Foreign Office in a bid to track him down . They said his disappearance was completely out of character and feared he would miss the first birthday of his twins Freddie and Stanley . But the phoneless 29-year-old today handed himself into the British Consulate - having walked for two days to try and get back to Barcelona . According to his family , Mr Carn , who runs his own building company , was dropped ` miles away ' from his accommodation by the Spanish driver when he tried to get back to his hotel on Saturday night . He then set off to try and find his friends - and only arrived at the British Consulate this afternoon . Speaking after he was found , Anna Harvey , the sister of Mr Carn 's 31-year-old partner Emma , said the family was ` ecstatic ' that he was safe . She said : ` He got into a taxi and the driver took him miles away from where he was staying . ` When he said at the end of the journey this was not his accommodation he was chucked out of the cab and has spent the last two days walking back to Barcelona . He has just walked in to the British Consulate to say he was stranded . ' She added that the family were not yet sure where he had been stranded but that it was ` miles ' away from where he was staying . She said : ` He has been walking for about 20 hours . The message we had from him was quite garbled so at the moment we are not sure exactly where he was dumped , but it appears it was a very long way from where he should have been . ` He was stranded with no phone or money . My sister is so relieved and the family are ecstatic . None of us thought we would ever see him again . The father-of-four , pictured left and right with partner Emma Harvey , had last been seen by friends on Saturday night and failed to turn up for his flight back home from the Spanish city . Family and friends became concerned after not hearing from Mr Carn for more than 48 hours . They contacted the Foreign Office amid fears that he would miss the first birthday of his twins Stanley and Freddie -LRB- pictured -RRB- . ` His friends are buying him a flight home tonight so he can be back in time for his twins boys ' first birthday tomorrow . ' Ms Harvey had previously told how two of the stag party group had stayed behind to help with the search for Mr Carn . They had last seen him in Flaherty 's bar on Saturday night . She told how friends became worried when he did not make it back to the group 's hotel and missed his flight home . She added that it is his sons ' first birthday tomorrow , something which he would ` never miss ' . Mr Carn handed himself into the British Consulate this afternoon , after walking for 20 hours to find safety . He is now being bought a flight home by friends so he can celebrate the twins ' birthday tomorrow . She had said : ` He is not one to normally not get in contact . Emma last spoke to him when they had arrived on Friday night . ` He had planned to take the family to Paignton zoo for the twin 's birthday and it was something they had been really looking forward to . ` We had joked about him missing his flight with that in mind - as we knew he never would . ' In addition to the twins Freddie and Stanley , Mark has two step-children with Emma : Ava , 11 , and Gwen , seven .