The issue of gender equality has been a hotly contested subject in the workplace for several years now , and recent statistics show that nothing much has changed . There are only three countries in the entire world where you are more likely to have a female boss than a male boss . A study by US research firm , Expert Market , looking at data from the International Labour Organisation -LRB- ILO -RRB- revealed that Jamaica is the country where you 're most likely to have a female boss . Jamaica , Colombia and Saint Lucia , all relatively close to each other , have the highest percentage of female managers in the world . The world , organised and rated by the percentage of female bosses in the workforce . The Caribbean island had the world 's highest percentage , at nearly 60 per cent . Out of the 108 world countries taken into consideration , Columbia was closely behind with 53.1 per cent of their managers being female , and in third place was another island , Saint Lucia , with 52.3 per cent . Closely following Jamaica at the top were the Phillipines at 47.6 per cent , as well as a series of other Latin America countries . Panama came in at fifth place and Guatemala was eighth while Eastern European countries were prevalent in the top ten , with Belarus sixth and Latvia coming in at seventh place . Britain -LRB- left -RRB- is a country where 34.2 % of managers are women . Much of the Middle East -LRB- right -RRB- , as well as Pakistan were flagged in red as accounting for the lowest percentage of women in managerial positions . Britain ranked relatively poorly and came in at 41st place out of 108 of the surveyed countries , as only 34.2 per cent of managers are women . Although the UK surpassed countries such as Germany -LRB- 31.1 per cent -RRB- , Spain -LRB- 30 per cent -RRB- and China -LRB- 16.8 per cent -RRB- , it lagged behind major economies such as France -LRB- 39.4 per cent -RRB- , Russia -LRB- 39.1 per cent -RRB- and Australia -LRB- 36.2 per cent -RRB- . More surprisingly was that Britain , as a first-world country , fell behind developing regions such as Kazakhstan -LRB- which had 37.2 per cent female bosses -RRB- and Moldova -LRB- ranking at 44.1 per cent of managers being women -RRB- . The United States was ranked within the top 20 countries in the world , at 15th place , as 42.7 per cent of all managers are female . Pakistan was ranked as the worst country in the world for having female managers , at a meagre three per cent . The other poorly ranking countries included Algeria -LRB- at 4.9 per cent -RRB- and Jordan -LRB- at 5.1 per cent -RRB- . The United States of America -LRB- pictured in light green -RRB- are among the top 20 countries in the world for having a female boss , as 42.7 % of all managers are female . Michael Horrocks , brand manager at Expert Market , commented : ` It is promising to see that in a growing number of regions around the world , women are increasingly entering management positions and playing a more important role in business strategy . ' Although the survey also revealed that nearly a third of all businesses around the world are now owned or managed by women , even more disheartening is the number of CEOs in large companies . There are currently only five female chief executives in the FTSE 100 : Moya Greene at the Royal Mail , Alison Cooper at Imperial Tobacco , Carolyn McCall at easyJet , Liv Garfield at Severn Trent and Veronique Laury at Kingfisher .