An Arkansas family who believe their daughter is being brainwashed by a controversial Texas church have again lost the woman , after she came home for a few days only to return to the ` religious cult ' . Then , within hours of returning to the Church of Wells - a small evangelical commune of about 70 ` born of discontent with mainstream Christianity ' - Catherine Grove , 28 , announced she is set to marry one of its elders . Grove initially vanished in July 2013 , abandoning her car and belongings in Fayetteville , Arkansas , only to show up weeks later under heavy guard at the Church of Wells in Wells , Texas . Over the years the church has been accused of sexual abuse , kidnapping and human trafficking , however they have strongly denied any wrongdoing . Grove , a former nursing student , said she was ` seeking the Lord ' and was not being held against her will , despite protestations from her parents . Scroll down for video . ` Brainwashed ' : The parents of Catherine Grove , 28 , believe she was been brainwashed by the Church of Wells , after escaping the so-called cult in Texas only to return six days later . She has now announced in a video -LRB- right -RRB- that she will marry a church elder . Torn apart : Catherine Grove -LRB- second right -RRB- is seen with her parents Andy -LRB- far right -RRB- and Patty Grove -LRB- second left -RRB- , along with her brother , sister and grandfather -LRB- center -RRB- . ` Cult ' : The main building of the controversial Church of Wells is pictured here in Wells , Texas . The church has long denied accusations over the years that it is a cult . Family : Women belonging to the Church of Wells are seen here at the property in a September 2013 profile piece done by local network KNWA following the initial disappearance of Catherine Grove . Elders : Members of the church are seen here carrying books in the town of Wells , Texas , in September 2013 . At the time , her parents , Andy and Patty Grove , told reporters they believed their daughter had been brainwashed , amid mounting accusations over the years the Church of Wells is run as a cult , KNWA reported . Then , earlier this month , Grove left the church under mysterious circumstances . She called 911 on April 2 sounding disoriented , asking if someone could pick her up . A sheriff was sent to get her , and Grove told police she left the church after having a fight with another member . According to a report in the Lufkin Daily News , Grove stayed with her family for six days after that . But she then returned to the Church of Wells . Jake Gardner , one of three pastors that lead the church , released a statement to 5 News , lambasting the behavior of Grove 's parents . ` May God open your eyes to behold the truth of what is really going on in this controversy , ' Gardner said . Tight-knit : The Church of Wells - pictured here is their website homepage - has only about 70 members , all of which live in Wells , Texas . Their beliefs are ` born of discontent with mainstream Christianity ' ` Seeking the Lord ' : Catherine Grove speaks with press after vanishing , only to emerge as a member of the Church of Wells . She denied claims by her parents that she was brainwashed into converting . Gardner added : ` We are amazed at the atrocious behavior of the Groves towards their daughter , and pray they would be held accountable by those with a hand in this matter -LRB- as we have sought to do -RRB- , to the end that their lives and behavior would agree with their confession of Christ . ' Grove then appeared herself in a YouTube video , explaining that her parents told her they visiting family in Little Rock but took her instead to a hospital . ` On April 7 , I was still in the psych ward and the doctor came in and said after testing me all this time very carefully I had no mental illness so they can not keep me in the hospital , ' Grove said in the video . Speaking out : Church of Wells leader Sean Morris -LRB- right -RRB- speaks out in a YouTube video this week following the return of Catherine Grove , denying reports she had ` escaped ' Pleading : Grove 's parents have been desperate to get her back since she went missing in 2013 . She returned on her own earlier this month , only to go back to the church six days later . Grove said after this , church members would come and pick her up from the hospital . ` Here I am , ' Grove said , smiling . ' -LRB- Now I 'm -RRB- going to be married . Not sure the date . Even though my parents can be so difficult . ` It is my desire to preach to them . ' Grove is set to marry Church of Wells member , Ronnie Saltsman . Grove insisted the reason she left the church was to find peace with her parents . ` I just wanted to remove this pressure upon me , ' she said in the video . ` I was n't trying to leave the church . ' Andy and Patty Grove are yet to comment publicly about their daughter returning to the church . The Church of Wells denies members all forms of entertainment and leisure in favor of prayer . They believe in deep self-loathing for their sin and that this is the only way to be saved . Before Grove disappeared , the church hit headlines after a baby died at the compound . An investigation following the incident in May 2012 showed the three-day-old infant died without receiving any medical attention . Members of the church then carried the child around to different houses , where they prayed for the baby to be resurrected . It would not be until 15 hours later that 911 was called , according to reports at the time .