David Cameron will today claim that Labour 's economic policies risk putting a million people out of work after Britain was singled out as one of the few ` bright spots ' in the global economy . The Prime Minister will vow to encourage more job creation by extending national insurance breaks , worth at least £ 2,000 a year to smaller firms taking on new staff , for a further five years . Saying he is ` really angry ' at Labour 's claim that the Conservatives are ` the party for the few , not the many ' , Mr Cameron will hail the ` jobs miracle ' that has seen 1,000 new jobs created every day . David Cameron will today claim that Labour 's economic policies risk putting a million people out of work . Contrasting that with Labour 's record , he will claim Ed Miliband 's economic policies could see ` a million more people joining the dole queues ' . Last night , in a boost for George Osborne , the head of the International Monetary Fund picked out the UK recovery as exemplary . Christine Lagarde said the world was suffering from a ` moderate and uneven ' return to growth which was ` simply not good enough ' . But , in an endorsement of the Government 's economic record , she cited the United States and the United Kingdom as countries where the outlook is positive . The comments completed an extraordinary volte-face by the IMF on the Coalition 's handling of the economy . Just two years ago , it warned that Mr Osborne was ` playing with fire ' by pressing ahead with austerity -- only to see the economic recovery take off . Britain was the best performing major economy in the developed world last year , with growth of 2.8 per cent . Figures published by the fund also show it has overtaken socialist-run France to become the second most powerful economy in Europe behind Germany . However , the IMF predicted Britain would still be running a deficit at the end of the decade -- despite Tory efforts to balance the books . Cameron will say if Ed Miliband repeated the economic mistakes of last Labour government there will be a risk to jobs . Mr Cameron , who dismissed the projections , will today launch a Conservative ` jobs manifesto ' setting out plans to bring about ` full employment ' -- meaning everyone who wants a job has one . ` We are living through a jobs miracle -- brought to you by a Conservative government that has backed business , reformed welfare and rewarded work , ' he will say . Claiming Mr Miliband represents a threat to jobs , he will add : ` You know what makes me really angry ? It 's when our opponents still go on about ` you Tories -- the party for the few and not the many ... ' Excuse me ? ` This is the party that 's taken three million of the lowest-paid workers out of income tax altogether ; that 's cut the taxes of 26million working people ; that 's seen 1,000 jobs created every day -- jobs that are giving families security , putting food on tables , helping people out of poverty . ` Under the last five years of Labour , unemployment went up by 600 people a day . ` So if Ed Miliband repeated the economic mistakes of the last Labour government -- that he was a part of -- he risks a million more people joining the dole queues . ' The jobs manifesto will include a guarantee to maintain the so-called 'em ployment allowance ' until 2020 , meaning a third of employers will continue to pay no jobs tax for another five years . The tax break , which helps smaller businesses take on new workers by freeing businesses from at least the first £ 2,000 of employers ' national insurance , has already been taken up by 856,000 firms . David Cameron pictured on a metal platform yesterday -LRB- left -RRB- and John Major on his soap box in 1992 -LRB- right -RRB- . One of the most abiding images from the 1992 General Election campaign was the moment John Major got on his soap box . And yesterday David Cameron did the same ... but gave it a 21st century twist by taking to a folding metal platform . During a campaign stop in Leeds , the Prime Minister raised himself above the closely packed crowd to engage in a question and answer session with employees at the O2 office in Morley and Outwood -- the marginal constituency of shadow chancellor Ed Balls . Major climbed onto an old fashioned soap box in Cheltenham to persuade Conservatives to come out and vote in 1992 , just ten days before the election . He went on to win the fourth consecutive victory for the Tories -- and their last outright UK majority .