Documented and undocumented immigrant population in the United States could reach a record high of 51million in just eight years , according to U.S. Census figures . And by 2060 , immigrants could account for 82 per cent of all population growth in the country . One in seven U.S. residents will be an immigrant by 2023 , the report from the Center for Immigration Studies -LRB- CIS -RRB- said . Documented and undocumented immigrants in the United States could reach a record high in the United States by 2023 , when their share of the population could hit 14.8 per cent . That number could rise to one in five by 2060 , when immigrant population reaches 78 million . This report comes as President Barack Obama is trying to use executive powers to expand Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals -LRB- DACA -RRB- and Deferred Action for Parents of Americans and Lawful Permanent Residents -LRB- DAPA -RRB- policies . Net immigration will steadily increase over the next 45 years , totaling at 64million . Without no change in current immigration policy , by 2023 the total immigrant population in the United states will reach 14.8 per cent , the highest ever recorded in American history . Immigration population will grow almost four times faster than native-born population and will reach 15.8 per cent of the nation 's population by 2030 , 17.1 per cent by 2040 and 18.8 per cent by 2060 . In 1990 , immigrants accounted for just 7.9 per cent of U.S. population . U.S population could grow to 417million by 2016 . In 2010 the population was 306million . Without a change to immigration policty , immigrants who arrive in the future and their descendants could account for three quarters of future U.S. population . Center for Immigration Studies . This could potentially exempt about five million undocumented immigrants from deportation . And with the surge in immigrant population , Republican presidential candidates have to figure out what their stance is on the subject as potential new policies could be established . CIS director of research Steven Camarota said that the growth in immigrant population has ` important implications for workers , schools , infrastructure , congestion and the environment ' . ` They also may have implications for our ability to successfully assimilate and integrate immigrants , ' he added . ` Yet there has been almost no national debate about bringing in so many people legally each year , which is the primary factor driving these numbers . ' Currently there are approximately 12million undocumented immigrants in the United States and 70,000 more are expected to cross the border this year , according to the Washington Examiner . There are also more than 4.4 million people on a U.S. State Department green card waiting list . And within years , Immigration population will grow almost four times faster than native-born population . From a starting point of 2010 , immigration population will reach 15.8 per cent -LRB- 57million -RRB- of the nation 's population by 2030 , 17.1 -LRB- 65million -RRB- per cent by 2040 and 18.8 per cent -LRB- 78million -RRB- by 2060 . Immigrants and their descendants will account for 75.5 per cent of the nation 's population growth between 2010 and 2050 and 82 per cent of growth between 2010 and 2060 . By 2060 , immigrants and their descendants will account for 82 per cent of the nation 's population growth since 2010 . President Barack Obama is trying to use executive powers to expand immigration policies , which could potentially exempt about 5million undocumented immigrants from deportation . Alabama Rep. Sen. Jeff Sessions , who has been a leader in the immigration debate , said in a letter to the New York Times on Saturday that an increase of immigrants in the country will hurt the middle class . He wrote : ` It defies reason to argue that the record admission of new foreign workers has no negative effect on the wages of American workers , including the wages of past immigrants hoping to climb into the middle class . ` Why would many of the largest business groups in the United States spend millions lobbying for the admission of more foreign workers if such policies did not cut labor costs ? ' Key business leaders form a group association with former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg and members of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce are meeting on Friday to discuss expanding immigration . The meeting it titled ` Understanding and Improving the High-Skilled H-1B Visa Program ' , according to the examiner . Republican leaders , particularly those running in the presidential race for 2016 , have to figure out what their stance is on the subject as potential new policies could be established .