Hemp is used legally in a range of ways - from its seeds to its oils - with many touting its health benefits . And now its medicinal properties are being used by pet owners to treat their cats and dogs . There are a rising number of firms in the US that sell biscuits containing cannabidiol extracted from hemp , believed to alleviate joint pains , treat mood disorders and even help animals lose weight . There is a rising number of firms in the US that sell dog and cat biscuits to pet owners containing cannabidiol , or CBD , taken from hemp . Compounds in the plant have been known to alleviate joint pains , treat mood disorders and even help pets lose weight . Stock image of a chocolate labrador is pictured . Research has also suggested that CBD can relieve pain and discomfort in dying pets and calm animals down . Cannabis plants contain more than 60 unique compounds called cannabinoids . Two of the most common compounds are tetrahydrocannabinol -LRB- THC -RRB- - the psychoactive chemical that produces the cannabis high - and cannabidiol -LRB- CBD -RRB- . Cannabis plants contain more than 60 unique compounds called cannabinoids . Two of the most common compounds are tetrahydrocannabinol -LRB- THC -RRB- - the psychoactive chemical that produces the cannabis high - and cannabidiol -LRB- CBD -RRB- . Marijuana plants contain high levels of THC , classed as illegal in many countries and states , and hemp contains very little . While hemp contains higher levels of legal CDB . Hemp is legally refined in industrial factories for products such as hemp seed foods , hemp oil , wax , resin , rope , cloth , paper , and fuel . As a result , its production and sale is legal in many countries and states including the UK . Hemp naturally contains compounds which affect the endocannabinoid system , an internal pathway found in mammals . Nearly every tissue contains receptors which respond to the components found in cannabis . Once triggered , these receptors activate a chemical reactions aimed at supporting the body 's natural stress response mechanisms . Marijuana plants and leaves contain high levels of THC , classed as illegal in many countries and states , and hemp contains very little . While hemp contains higher levels of legal CDB . Hemp is legally refined in industrial factories for products such as hemp seed foods , hemp oil , wax , resin , rope , cloth , pulp , paper , and fuel . As a result , its production and sale is legal in many countries and states including the UK . It naturally contains compounds which affect the endocannabinoid system , an internal pathway found in mammals . Nearly every tissue contains receptors which respond to the components found in cannabis . Once triggered , these receptors activate chemical reactions that boost the body 's natural stress response mechanisms . Canna Companion , based in Sultan in Washington , uses hemp from the Cannabis sativa strain in its capsules and biscuits for both cats and dogs . It is run by vets Dr Greg Copas and Dr Sarah Brandon . ` The phytocannabinoid and terpenoid profiles work perfectly for pets , ' explained the firm . ` Due in part to their small body size , dogs and cats can take advantage of small amounts of CBD , THC and other cannabinoids found in hemp and can therefore reap the benefits of this great plant . ' ` We are not interested in , nor are we advocating the administration of , the well-known psychotropic compound THC , in concentrations sufficient to produce the ` high ' or psychotropic effects which are normally associated with marijuana . ` We are not advocating the administration of marijuana , by any route , to animals in order to produce medical benefit or to produce any psychotropic effect . Canna Companion , based in Sultan in Washington , uses hemp from the Cannabis sativa strain in its capsules and biscuits and ships internationally . While Canna-Pet sells boxes of CBD biscuits -LRB- pictured -RRB- for $ 16.49 -LRB- £ 11.20 -RRB- and these can be bought online in any state of the US , but not shipped internationally . Cannabis plants contain more than 60 unique compounds called cannabinoids . Levels and usage is shown in this chart . Hemp is legally refined in industrial factories for products such as hemp seeds , oil , wax , resin , rope , cloth , paper , and fuel . As a result , its production and sale is legal in many countries and states . Marijuana plants and leaves -LRB- left -RRB- contain high levels of THC , classed as illegal in many countries and states , and hemp contains very little . While hemp contains higher levels of legal CDB . Biscuits , such as those sold by Treat-ibles -LRB- right -RRB- contain less than 0.3 per cent THC meaning they can legally be sold . ` Rather , we are advocating the administration and continued research into the non-psychotropic compounds for the purposes of therapy in animals . ' Each of its capsules contain a combination of compounds found in hemp as well as so-called flavonoids , which are already found in cat and dog foods . Hemp additionally contains Omega 3 and 6 fatty acids and vitamin B6 . And because Canna Companion contains less than 0.3 per cent THC and is not intended for human consumption , it meets the current definition of hemp supplements under US federal law . Canna Companion asks for a pet 's information and a referring veterinarian when orders are placed , and will make recommendations on sizing and frequency of administration . Capsules start at $ 1 each . It ships to all regions other than Australia , where a licence is required to import hemp products into the country . Another firm called Auntie Dolores , which already specialises in the sale of medical marijuana in food products for humans , recently launched its Treat-ibles range . Hemp contains compounds that affect the endocannabinoid system , an internal pathway in mammals . Nearly every tissue contains receptors and once triggered , these receptors activate reactions that boost the body 's natural stress response . CBD is not psychoactive , and has actually been found to reduce the effects of THC . A box of Treat-ibles biscuits costs $ 22 -LRB- £ 15 -RRB- but can only be bought online by people in California . A third firm is Canna-Pet . It sells boxes of CBD biscuits for $ 16.49 -LRB- £ 11.20 -RRB- and these can be bought online in any state of the US , but not shipped internationally . Canna-Pet describes itself as ` one of the first companies to discover that some animals thrive on hemp-based supplements containing non-psychoactive , hemp-based cannabinoids ' . The US government defines hemp as cannabis that measures less than 0.3 per cent in THC , which means Treat-ibles and Canna-Pet can be sold legally , and why the latter can be sold across state lines . Each site explains how much CDB is advised for dogs and cats of varying sizes and gives advice on frequency . However , as Canna Companion added : ` While Canna Companion will likely benefit your pet , it is not designed to be a magic bullet , but rather should be part of a comprehensive care program . ` It works best when admininstered under the direction of a veterinarian as part of a total health care regimen . ' It advises pet owners never change prescribed medication doses or frequency of administration without advice from a vet .