Wedding season is fast upon us , but with the average cost of the big day hitting £ 25,000 , thrifty brides are on the hunt for ways to budget . But how do you create a stunning wedding venue without breaking the bank , or wow your guests with a gourmet meal sans the staggering price tag ? From scrimping on bar costs to avoiding hefty food bills , FEMAIL has compiled the best budgeting tips for brides-to-be . Scroll down for video . Wedding season is upon us and for brides on a budget , there 's plenty of ways to save thousands of pounds on your special day . 1 . GO BIG : Rather than having lots of smaller tables , seat your guests on larger tables . Not only will they get to know more people , you 'll save money by having to purchases fewer centerpieces and tablecloths . 2 . SAVVY SHOPPING : When seeking decor , shop out of season . Black vases will be on sale after Halloween , red and gold after Christmas and pink after Valentine 's Day . Also , money saving sites such as Groupon actually offer entire wedding day packages occasionally . 3 . CUT ON BAR COSTS : Not only will an open bar end up in a rather messy evening , it will also leave a dent in your bank account . Instead of letting guests order expensive shots and spirits , offer beer , wine and a signature cocktail - that way , there 's something for everyone without unnecessary drinking and spending . 4 . CALL ON YOUR FRIENDS : Rather than source expensive florists and stationery experts , reach out to your most talented friends . Among your and your groom 's wider circle of friends , there is bound to be someone who has beautiful handwriting and someone who is green-fingered . When seeking decor , shop out of season . Black vases will be on sale after Halloween , red and gold after Christmas and pink after Valentine 's Day and do n't be afraid to search sites like Etsy and even eBay . 5 . DO HIRE A PLANNER : Most people steer clear of wedding planners to save on extra costs but , whilst it may seem counter-intuitive to pay for help , wedding planners have a good network of suppliers , know how much they should be paying for something and are n't afraid of bargaining . 6 . SHOP THE SUPERMARKET : You may have your heart set on those iconic Vera Wang bridesmaid dresses but George at Asda is hoping to help brides on a budget - by launching a wedding collection for bridesmaids and pageboys starting from just £ 7 . Dubbed ` the most affordable range anywhere on the high street ' , the supermarket claim that it 's half the price of rivals such as Debenhams and Next and is a ` saviour for cash-strapped brides-to-be ' . The new range is designed for children aged 9 months up to 14 years , with girls ' bridesmaid and flowergirl dresses start at £ 12 , boys ' formal shirts at £ 7 and suit trousers at £ 10 . A complete outfit for a flowergirl will cost from £ 28 , whilst pageboys can look sharp in a shirt , tie , waistcoat , suit and shoes for £ 51 . Reach out to your most talented friends for help ; among your wider circle there is bound to be someone who has beautiful handwriting who can pen your invites and place cards . George at Asda is hoping to help brides on a budget - by launching a wedding collection for bridesmaids and pageboys starting from just £ 7 . 7 . DO KARAOKE : Hiring a band can set you back around £ 2,000 but Lucky Voice 's Home Karaoke costs £ 4.99 for 50 songs . Sure to get your guests in the party spirit , all you need to get the party started is a computer , microphone and a projector with a screen . 8 . GO ONLINE : If the costs of invitations and postage are something you are n't willing to splurge on , create your own website and share all the details of your big day online . Rather than hiring an expensive make-up artist , call on the students at your local college to do your bridal beauty . 9 . GO TO THE GROWER : When sourcing beautiful flowers , cut out the middleman by calling on a grower . Farmers and the Soil Association may well be able to help you source your foliage for dirt cheap . 10 . USE A TRAINEE : If you have your heart set on having your make-up done professionally , rather than hiring an artist , call on the students at your local college . 11 . SAMPLE SIZE : If you 're doing your make-up yourself , visit a make-up counter for tips and only buy only the items you 'll definitely use again . For the things you 'll only use on the day , scoop up the samples . 12 . SOMETHING BORROWED : Rather than splashing the cash on expensive accessories and jewellery , borrow a few items from the women you love . Grandmother 's bracelet , your mother 's ring and your best friend 's earrings will imbue the big day with even greater meaning . 13 . GO SUPERSIZE : If you 're not keen on the idea of a three-course meal , serve a family-style buffet on each table . Huge pasta dishes , massive salads and big rice bowls will not only cut costs but also serve as an icebreaker and act as a centerpiece . 14 . ASK YOUR GUESTS TO STAND : Consider a standing ceremony if you 're tying the knot outside to save on renting chairs . Plus , it will cut down the time of the wedding and thus cost . 15 . SKIP THE BREAD BASKET : What sounds like such a simple tip will actually bring the cost down a lot . No bread means less cutlery , butter and expenditure .