Saturday 's game is absolutely huge for both teams . Win and Arsenal go second to put huge pressure on Manchester City . Lose and Liverpool will be nine points behind Arsene Wenger 's side . It 's a vital match and here 's where the game can be won and lost . OLIVIER GIROUD v KOLO TOURE/MAMADOU SAKHO . With no Martin Skrtel , Olivier Giroud will be licking his lips . Kolo Toure and Mamadou Sakho are both solid enough but they are nervous in possession and they will miss the experience and physicality of Skrtel . If Dejan Lovren is fit , I expect him to play , but if not , do n't be surprised if Giroud gets on the scoresheet . The Frenchman is in excellent form this season but the only question mark against him was does he score enough in the big games ? So far in this campaign , he has scored against Manchester United , City and Liverpool . He will want to continue that run on Saturday . Martin Skrtel -LRB- centre -RRB- misses the trip to Arsenal after getting a three-game ban for stamping on David de Gea . Kolo Toure -LRB- centre -RRB- and Mamadou Sakho -LRB- right -RRB- are in contention to replace Skrtel for Saturday 's clash . Whichever defender plays , they are in for a tough afternoon against in-form Arsenal striker Olivier Giroud . PER MERTESACKER v DANIEL STURRIDGE . I 've lost count of the number of times I have covered Arsenal games and wondered how Per Mertesacker does it . It always amazes me that teams do n't try and get pacey players in and around him more often . He 's never been blessed with speed and playing a high line can cause him problems , but he has a World Cup medal to his name , so he must be doing something right . His partner Laurent Koscielny is much more mobile , so a fit-again Daniel Sturridge as well as Raheem Sterling and Philippe Coutinho will hope to exploit Mertesacker 's side of the defence . Germany World Cup-winner Per Mertesacker -LRB- right -RRB- is expected line-up in defence for Arsenal . However , Mertesacker 's lack of pace could be exposed if Daniel Sturridge -LRB- right -RRB- is fit to start for Liverpool . AARON RAMSEY vs JORDAN HENDERSON . This time last year if you asked people who they would rather have in their team , it would be Aaron Ramsey all day long . But Jordan Henderson has come so far it is now a 50-50 call . These are the midfield marathon men and whoever wins this battle in the engine room should end up on the winning side . Ramsey can grab a goal , and Liverpool will have to watch his runs into the box , but Henderson will press hard and make sure Ramsey and the likes of Mesut Ozil and Santi Cazorla have no room to breathe . Arsenal 's Aaron Ramsey -LRB- left -RRB- midfield battle with Liverpool 's Jordan Henderson should prove a close affair .