More than half of voters do not want to see Nicola Sturgeon or the SNP calling the shots in the next British government , a damning poll revealed tonight . Ms Sturgeon today launched her party 's manifesto setting out demands for as the price propping up a Labour government , promising the rest of the UK the ` hand of friendship ' . But a new ComRes poll for ITV News reveals 54 per cent want her kept out of the next UK government , and 59 per cent want the SNP as a whole to play no part in running the country . Scroll down for video . A new ComRes poll for ITV News reveals 54 per cent want her kept out of the next UK government , and 59 per cent want the SNP as a whole to play no part in running the country . Nicola Sturgeon today launched her party 's manifesto setting out demands for as the price propping up a Labour government , promising the rest of the UK the ` hand of friendship ' Polls in Scotland put the SNP on course to make huge gains north of the border , taking dozens of seats from Labour and robbing Ed Miliband of all hopes of securing an overall majority . Mr Miliband and Ms Sturgeon have ruled out a formal coalition with SNP MPs sitting in Cabinet . But they have left open the possibility of the SNP supporting a Labour government on a vote-by-vote basis , raising the prospect of Mr Miliband being forced to bow to their demands to get any legislation through . The SNP has already suggested that it will be ` entitled to vote against any bit of legislation ' and ` any bit of spending ' it does not agree with . It means that for Labour to pass new laws or agree to spending in England , Wales or Northern Ireland they would have to strike a deal with the SNP . With the election too close to call , and polls pointing to another hung parliament , ComRes surveyed voters to see which parties they would like to see sharing power with Labour or the Tories . The SNP got the biggest thumbs down , with 59 per cent against them playing a role in the British government and only 19 per cent in favour . Prime Minister David Cameron , pictured campaigning in Chester today , warned an SNP-Labour deal would be a ` match made in hell ' for the British economy . 36 per cent of voters back the Lib Dems playing a role in the next government , with only 40 per cent against . The manifesto includes demands for extra spending , an end to benefits cuts and the scrapping of Trident . Key election promises in the SNP manifesto include : . Ms Sturgeon has made clear that in the event of a hung parliament she will take charge of talks with Labour . ` I am the leader of the party , I would lead those discussions if we 're in that scenario . ' she said yesterday . However , just 22 per cent of voters across the UK back the idea with 54 per cent against . It makes the SNP by far the least popular potential coalition partner . Pollsters said older British adults were the most likely to be opposed to SNP influence . An astonishing 71 per cent of those aged 65 and over want to lock Ms Sturgeon out of power , compared to 44 per cent of 18 to 24-year-olds . By contrast , 36 per cent of voters back the Lib Dems playing a role in the next government , with only 40 per cent against . Voters are more split on Ukip , with 32 per cent in favour of Nigel Farage entering a power-sharing deal , but 51 per cent opposed . Amid fears of a backlash south of the border , Ms Sturgeon claimed she was offering the ` genuine hand of friendship ' to the rest of the UK . She stated : ` The SNP is n't going to Westminster to seek to bring down governments or block budgets . We 're going to Westminster to build an alliance for good , positive , progressive , sensible change . ' She unveiled her her £ 140billion ` ransom note ' for Britain to drag Labour to the left , including an end to austerity , rising benefits payments and the abolition of Trident as the price Mr Miliband would have to pay for getting into Number 10 . David Cameron warned any deal with the SNP to put Labour in power would force Mr Miliband to negotiate ` day by day , vote by vote , favour by favour ' . This would mean ` endless bargaining and backroom deals ' to keep Labour in power - even if it hit English voters in the pocket . Mr Cameron said : ` Every single decision taking the form of a ransom note -- written by the SNP . ` Make no mistake , if Labour and the SNP get into power , you are going to see an alliance between a party that wants to spend , borrow and tax more ... with a party that wants to spend , borrow and tax even more . ` It might be a match made in heaven for them but it is a match made in hell for the British economy . ' More than half of people do not want Ukip leader Nigel Farage to play a part in the next government , but Lib Dem Nick Clegg proved the most popular with 36 per cent wanting his party back in power . Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg today made a fresh pitch to be returned to power in a second coalition . He told ITV 's Lorraine : ` I know the Conservatives are playing footsie with Ukip , with this right wing alliance with Ukip , and Labour are playing footsie with the SNP . ` I 'm not going to have an alliance , I 'm not going to have an arrangement , nor a coalition , with Ukip or the SNP . ` The question is not is Ed Miliband or David Cameron , are one of those two going into Number 10 , it 's who is going to go in there alongside them . I personally think it is much better to have the Liberal Democrats around the cabinet table than Alex Salmond or Nigel Farage . '