Former Prime Minister John Howard found himself standing on the side of the road with a flat tyre recently , but luckily his driver was there to change it . Mr Howard was photographed standing on the footpath outside the Sydney Conservatorium of Music in the heart of the city as his driver got down on his knees to jack up the flash car . Felicity Waterford was waiting in the car for her daughter to finish a concert at the Conservatorium in when she noticed the vehicle and got out to offer some assistance . Scroll down for video . Former Prime Minister John Howard found himself standing on the side of the road in Sydney recently as his driver changed their flat tyre . But as she inched closer she was shocked to see the former PM standing on the footpath . ` I went up and asked if I could offer any help and I thought ` that looks like John Howard ' , ' Ms Waterford told Daily Mail Australia . ` In this country you always help someone with a flat ... -LRB- this time -RRB- it just happened to be John Howard . ' With nowhere urgent to be , the former PM chatted eagerly to Ms Waterford explaining they had been driving along the Cahill Expressway when they realised they had a flat tyre . The pair pulled off and into the Conservatorium to change it . Felicity Waterford was waiting for her daughter at the Sydney Conservatorium of Music when she saw John Howard 's car had a flat tyre . She asked if they needed her help before the former PM agreed to a selfie . The pair had pulled off and into the Conservatorium to change the tyre when Ms Waterford approached them . ` He was a complete gentleman and said thank you when I asked if I could help in any way , but the driver had it all taken care of , ' she said . ` He was there for about 15 minutes while the tyre was changed and then they took off . The driver took care of everything . There was n't much to do really . ' But just before they did take off , Ms Waterford asked the all-important question . ` I said ` Do you mind if I take a selfie ? ' If these photos are anything to go by , Mr Howard was very obliging . It comes just weeks after Liberal MP Christopher Pyne was challenged to change a tyre on national television after boasting he was a ` fixer ' . It comes just weeks after Liberal MP Christopher Pyne was challenged to change a tyre on national television after boasting he was a ` fixer ' The Education Minister jacked up Today Show newsreader Sylvia Jeffrey 's car after being tested by host Karl Stefanovic . He was labelled with the new nickname ` The Fixer ' this week when he announced that he had backtracked on his controversial decision to cut 1700 research jobs . ` I 'm happy to be regarded as The Fixer , I do fix things , I fix a lot of things around the house , ' he said as he agreed to the challenge . ` I fixed the curriculum , fixing teacher training , fixing independent public schooling , fixing parental engagement in schools , I mean the list is endless . ' At the end of the segment , Stefanovic applauded the minister saying ` well done Christopher Pyne , you can fix it . ' The Education Minister jacked up Today Show newsreader Sylvia Jeffrey 's car after being tested by host Karl Stefanovic .