David Beckham is used to having his children in the crowd at sporting events but he was relegated to the role of spectator as son Romeo , 12 , ran the London mini-marathon . Beckham , wife Victoria and their two other sons Brooklyn and Cruz were there to cheer on Romeo as he completed the race , raising £ 6,000 for charity . It is the same three mile course where Mo Farah and triathlon champions Alistair and Jonny Brownlee kick started their careers . Romeo wore race number 1081 and represented the Kensington and Chelsea region . His family , who were all sporting matching t-shirts with ` Team Romeo ' emblazoned on them , posed for pictures with him at the finish near Buckingham Palace . The Beckham family pictured at the finish line after Romeo completed the three-mile mini-marathon . Romeo poses with older brother Brooklyn after finishing the London mini-marathon on Sunday . Proud father David meets Romeo at the finish line with the rest of his family . The Beckham children have clearly inherited their father 's sporty genes , 15-year old Brooklyn has played for Arsenal 's academy sides , as has Romeo and 10-year-old Cruz is also a budding footballer . Beckham cried for the final ten minutes of his professional football career -- blubbing his way through the end of a Paris St Germain game . So he might have sympathised with Paula Radcliffe who also cried as she bowed out of competitive running , registering a time of 2:36.55 . In the women 's elite field , the attention pre-race had centred on four Kenyan women but Tigist Tufa broke away from the pack to become only the third Ethiopian woman to win the London marathon , after Derata Tulu in 2001 and Aselefech Mergia in 2010 . Tufa , who the bookmakers judged a 25/1 shot before the race , crossed the line in 2:23.22 with two-time winner Mary Keitany 18 seconds behind . Ethiopia 's tirfi Tsegaye was third in 2:23.41 . Kenyan Eliud Kipchoge , a World Champion over 5,000 m , triumphed in 2:04.42 , five seconds ahead of his compatriot Wilson Kipsang in the men 's race . Paula Radcliffe breaks down at the end of the London Marathon on Sunday , her final career race . The world record holder for 12 years , Radcliffe said the time was irrelevant in her final London Marathon .