A Washington television reporter had to duck for cover during his live broadcast when he was stung by bees after a truck carrying millions of them overturned on Friday morning . Jeff Dubois of KIRO , struggled to get through his report without swatting and waving his hands around as the bees buzzed around Interstate 5 . ` Ay yiy yiy ! They 're flying all over the place , ' a panicked Dubois says . ` It 's unnerving , to tell you the truth . ' During the unexpectedly dangerous report , cameraman Damien Glitch was stung more than 20 times . Scroll Down for Videos . Ouch : Jeff Dubois swats away one of the hundreds of bees that swarmed around him and his cameraman on Friday morning in Washington . ` They were pissed off , ' Dubois told the Daily News . ` It was probably the wildest live report I can remember . You 're trying to maintain composure , make sense on TV and not get stung by thousands of bees swarming around your head . ' All the while Dubois was reporting live , tens of white-suited bee-keepers rushed to save as many of the insects as they could . The truck had just merged onto Interstate 5 around 3:30 a.m. when it tipped on its side , dumping its load of 448 hives , or about 13.7 million bees , Washington State Patrol Trooper Travis Shearer said . The driver , a 36-year-old man from Idaho , was not hurt . The company that owns the insects , Belleville Honey and Beekeeping Supply of Burlington , sent beekeepers to recover as many as possible , and bees covered their protective suits as they worked . Calmer : Dubois and his cameraman moved to safer distance away from the crash and were not bothered by the bees . Millions of bees : Beekeepers attend to a semi-trailer truck that overturned with a cargo of bees on a highway . Aftermath : Bee keepers inspect hives after a semi-truck rolled over early Friday spilling a load of honeybees on the Interstate 5 median . Rush to save the bees : Workers clean up after a semi truck filled with over 400 behives overturned on Interstate 5 . Formulating a plan : Bee keepers stand next to a semi-truck that rolled on Friday morning releasing millions of bees . Bee keepers try to salvage some of the bee hives that were dumped when a semi-truck rolled on Friday . Everywhere : Bees swarm onto a beekeepers truck along northbound Interstate 5 after the crash on Friday morning released them . The bees became more active as the sun rose and the weather warmed , and firefighters had to spray a layer of foam on some of the boxes , killing the insects for safety . Many of the hives were still along the highway more than seven hours after the accident , when a front-end loader began scooping them up and dumping them into a dump truck , Shearer said . The majority of the hives had been crushed . ` I 'm sure they 'll take that somewhere and try to save as many as they can , but they can do that someplace safer , away from the I-5 corridor , ' he said . The bees were being transported from Sunnyside , in central Washington , to a blueberry farm in Lynden , a city near the Canadian border about 100 miles north of Seattle , Shearer said . The company that owns the insects sent beekeepers to recover as many as possible before the firefighters drowned them with foam . Foam : Beekeepers wait to start clearing out the scene of semi-trailer truck that overturned with a cargo of bees . The bees became more active as the sun rose and the weather warmed , and firefighters had to spray a layer of foam on some of the boxes , killing the insects for safety . First responders and reporters alike swatted at the bees as they tried to do their jobs . ` I think everybody there got stung , ' Shearer said . Seattle television station KIRO posted a video compilation of its on-scene reporter swatting the insects as he reported on the accident . Shearer urged drivers to keep their windows up and to ' -LRB- hash -RRB- beesafe when traveling through that area , ' as he wrote on Twitter . A man who answered the phone at the beekeeping company said he could n't immediately answer any questions related to the accident .