Ronnie Barker 's paedophile son will share more than £ 500,000 this year in royalties , according to new accounts . Adam Barker , who served 13 weeks in prison after admitting to making indecent images of children in 2012 , is an equal shareholder in Handles for Forks Ltd , which manages and distributes his father 's work . The company made £ 501,319 profit in the year to last June , which will be split with his sister Charlotte , 53 , and brother Laurence , 46 . Adam Barker -LRB- left -RRB- , pictured with parents Joy and Ronnie in 1997 , will share more than £ 500,000 this year in royalties , according to new accounts . It also has assets of nearly £ 1.2 million , the Daily Mirror reported . The previous year the company made around £ 300,000 and Barker would have similarly received a one-third share . The 47-year-old was first arrested in 2003 during a dawn raid on his house . 1,675 images and videos depicting child pornography were discovered by officers . He went on the run for eight years - during which time his mother and father both died - and was reportedly living in Hungary . At the time he left a note for his parents , which read : ` Dear Mummy and Daddy . Some time ago the police came to my house looking for images of under-age children on my computer . I was arrested . ` I must apologise for being foolish and thank you for being great parents . Rather than wait and find out what will happen , I will go away . You must understand that I wo n't be able to contact you for quite some time . ' The 47-year-old served 13 weeks in prison after admitting to making indecent images of children in 2012 . He is an equal shareholder in Handles for Forks Ltd , which manages and distributes his father 's work . Above , Ronnie Barker is pictured with Ronnie Corbett . The whereabouts of the part-time actor , who appeared in Bond film Tomorrow Never Dies , remained a mystery until he handed himself in to a police station in west London . He was jailed at lsleworth Crown Court in October 2012 for 12 months after admitting 20 counts of making indecent images of children , 17 of which were of pre-teen boys . Judge Rosa Dean , sentencing at the time , told him : ` Your offences contributed to the degradation and continued abuse of children . ' But he served only 12 weeks because he had already spent three months on remand .