Taken hundreds of feet in the sky , these spectacular birds-eye photos taken by cameras fixed to manned drones show the stunning beauty of buildings and communities around the world . But attempting to recreate these amazing pictures is now much more difficult - and in some cases impossible - as a result of a clampdown on the use of drones for photographic purposes . New Zealand photographer Amos Chapple travelled the world during the 18 months with a quadcopter in his backpack between 2012 and 2014 when it was easier to take aerial pictures using a drone . Since then restrictive laws and regulations have been implemented across the world , due to privacy concerns , commercial rights and worries about damage to property or crashes in the air with other aircraft . From capturing the street scene in Barcelona to the majestic glory of the Taj Mahel , his photographs of some of the world 's most far-flung and enchanting places could become ` one of a kind ' as he re-posted them under a new blog post : ` My Aerial Drone Shots Would Be Totally Illegal Today ' . ` There was a window of about 18 months where it was possible to fly these things anywhere and people were excited to see it ' , Mr Chapple told Business Insider . ` I 'm glad I made use of that time . ' Scroll down for video . The Lotus Temple in Delhi , India . The photograph was taken using a camera mounted on a quadcopter drone - offering a whole new perspective on the incredible building . The structure is the centre of the Bahai'i faith in Delhi and was designed by an Iranian exile . Mr Chapple visited India with his drone to take this stunning picture of the Taj Mahal . ` There was a window of about 18 months where it was possible to fly these things anywhere and people were excited to see it ' , the photographer from New Zealand said . The windswept Liberty Statue overlooking Budapest , Hungary . Chapple used a camera strapped to a quadcopter to capture the image . High above Barcelona , clouds while through the pillars of Sagrat Cor Church . The authorities in charge of sites and cities like that have introduced tough new regulations to stop similar pictures being taken in the future , over privacy concerns and commercial rights . Mr Chapple travelled across Europe on his photographic mission , visiting the star fort at Bourtange , Netherlands , for these pictures . The Sultan Ahmed Mosque - or the ` Blue Mosque ' - in Istanbul , Turkey is seen against a much wider backdrop thanks to this birds-eye view . The aerial view of Barcelona showcase the octagonial city blocks , designed to allow light and space on the street corners . Chapple captured a ` unique ' perspective of a barge chugging along the Magdeburg Water Bridge , passing over the Elbe river in Germany . Russian holidaymakers might not have spotted they were being photographed as they lay on a beech in Abkhazia - and privacy is one of the reasons authorities across the world have clamped down on the use of drone photography within their borders . The scale of the poverty of people living in Maximum City , Bombay , India , is brought into focus with a wide-scale aerial shot . The people gathering on the shore of the river Ganges in India look as small as ants with the shot , taking hundreds of feet in the air . The Mtkvari River winding through Tbilisi , Georgia , while the rooftop of the houses and buildings stand out in the sunny haze .