From sending countless ` poops ' to adding hearts to sentimental messages , your choice of emoji says a lot about you . And now experts have analysed more than one billion uses of the tiny icons to see how they are used across different languages . Study found that the French are the most loved-up , sending more hearts than any other region , while Australians use double the average amount of alcohol-themed emoji . London-based keyboard app firm SwiftKey analysed more than one billion sets of emoji data to learn how 16 different languages and regions use emoji . Happy faces , including winks , kisses , smiles and grins were the most popular across all regions , making up 45 per cent of all the messages studied . In the US , gadget users send 30 per cent more LGBT-related emoji than the average , including a rainbow , men holding hands or women holding hands . This is followed by Canada and Malaysia . To plot the differences in use , London-based keyboard app firm SwiftKey analysed more than one billion sets of emoji data , covering 800 emoji across 60 categories . The findings of the report came from an analysis of data over a four-month period between October 2014 and January 2015 , and includes both Android and iOS devices . The languages studied include English , including US , UK and Australian , Spanish , Vietnamese , French , Malaysian , Arabic , German , Turkish , French , Portuguese , Italian and Russian . Swiftkey analysed more than one billion sets of emoji data , covering 800 emoji across 60 categories . The most popular categories for each language are pictured . The French use four times as many heart emoji than any other language , and it 's the only language for which a ` smiley ' is not number one . The languages studied include English , including US , UK and Australian , Spanish , Vietnamese , French , Malaysian , Arabic , German , Turkish , French , Portuguese , Italian and Russian . Happy faces , including winks , kisses , smiles and grins were the most popular across all regions , making up 45 per cent of all the messages studied . Sad faces were in second place followed by hearts , which includes all colours of hearts and the broken heart emoji . Hand gestures such as thumbs up , clapping hands and the peace were in fourth , followed by romantic emoji , such as the lipstick kiss mark , love letter and couple kissing . All languages were found to be more positive than negative , in terms of emoji use , but the French are the most positive on 86 per cent , compared to the average 70 per cent . Sad faces were the second most popular emoji -LRB- pictured -RRB- followed by hearts , which includes all colours of hearts and the broken heart emoji . Hand gestures such as thumbs up , clapping hands and the peace were in fourth followed by romantic emoji , such as the lipstick kiss mark , love letter and couple kissing . All languages were found to be more positive than negative , in terms of emoji use , but the French are the most positive on 86 % , compared to the average 70 % . Malaysians are the least positive on 60 % while US Spanish speakers are the most negative on 22 % , and the French are least negative on 7 % . Malaysians are the least positive on 60 per cent while US Spanish speakers are the most negative on 22 per cent , and the French are least negative on 7 per cent . Funny emoji , including farts and poop , are used by Malaysian speakers at nearly double the average rate , but are least used in Russia . Malaysians also use sleep-related emoji more than average , and Canadian and Vietnamese people use the poop emoji most . The French use four times as many heart emoji than other languages , and it 's the only language for which a ` smiley ' is not number one . LGBT . Americans use LGBT emoji 30 % more than the average , followed by Canada and Malaysia . The Vietnamese use them the least . ROMANCE . Russian speakers use three times as many romantic emoji such as the kiss mark and love letter , than the average , and nearly twice as much as any other language . They were used in Vietnamese and Australian English the least . This chart shows the most common emoji in the US . RELIGIOUS . Brazilian 's use of typically Western religion-related emoji , including prayer hands and church , was more than double the average . US Spanish , Latin American Spanish and US English use religious emoji half as much as Brazilians . SLEEP . Malaysians appear to be twice as sleepy as the rest of the world , using sleep emoji more than . twice the average . The French and Russians are the least sleepy . DRUGS . Australian English speakers use drug emoji , including cigarettes , at 65 per cent more than average . The pills emoji is their most popular drug emoji . They are least used by the French . Mushroom emoji are used most by Arabic speakers and needles are used most in Vietnam , at nearly three times the average . WEAPONS . Canadian English speakers are most ` violent ' in their emoji usage at more than 50 % higher than the average . These emoji include the gun , knife , punching fist , fire , explosion , skull and bomb . The least weapon-related emojis are used by the Germans . ALCOHOL . Australia uses double the average amount of alcohol-themed emoji , compared to Turkish and Arabic at the opposite end of the scale . In Brazil , and among US Spanish speakers the number one emoji is beer . MEAT . The US is twice as meaty in its emoji usage , with double the average , while the French use them the least . JUNK FOOD . Australia uses nearly twice as much junk food emoji as any other language and the most popular is the lollipop . They are least used in German , Arabic and Turkish . Canadians are twice as raunchy as all other languages , according to the emoji study . They use twice as many so-called ` raunchy humour emoji ' , including the banana , eggplant , peach , cherries and Cancer astrological symbol than average -LRB- pictured -RRB- . RAUNCHY . Canadians are twice as raunchy as all other languages , according to the emoji study . They use twice as many so-called ` raunchy humour emoji ' , including the banana , eggplant , peach , cherries and Cancer astrological symbol than average . Vietnamese and French are half as raunchy as the average and US English speakers are the top users of the eggplant emoji at more than double the average . Italians use the banana emoji the most . FUNNY . Funny emoji , including farts and poop , are used by Malaysian speakers at nearly double the . average rate . Canadian and Vietnamese languages use the poop emoji the most , and the Russian are the least funny , according to the study . PARTY . Spanish speakers in Spain use the ` party time ' emoji 72 % more often than the average . The French use it the least . Arabic speakers are fans of the dancing lady in the red dress emoji as they use it four times as much as other languages . On Android the dancing lady emoji is a John Travolta-like character . Australia uses double the average amount of alcohol-themed emoji , compared to Turkish and Arabic at the opposite end of the scale . In Brazil , and among US Spanish speakers , the number one emoji is beer -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Flowers and plants emoji are used at more than four times the average rate by Arabic speakers , but Russian speakers use three times as many romantic emoji than the average . According to the data , Brazilians are the most religious using double the number of prayer hands and church emoji . Meanwhile , Australians and Spain battle it out for the title of party region . Apple recently released a software update for iPhone users which includes a more diverse set of emoji . The update , which had been in beta for several months , brings more than 300 new emoji -LRB- including diversity options -RRB- as well as a new keyboard for inputting them more easily . The new keyboard features a scrolling system to allow users to see the new range more easily . The new set of globally diverse emoji come in six different skin tones . The tones include an option that turns a character yellow - a shade that the the Cupertino-based company said it intended to be ethnically neutral . In Australia , in addition to using double the amount of alcohol-related emoji than average , its residents also use nearly twice as many junk food emoji as any other language and use drug emoji - including cigarettes , the needle and pills - 65 per cent more than average . But Spanish speakers in Spain use the ` party time ' emoji 72 per cent more often than the average . French use party emoji the least , while Arabic speakers are fans of the dancing lady in the red dress emoji as they use it four times as much as other languages . On Android the dancing lady emoji is a John Travolta-like character . And when it comes to raunchiness , Canadians top the list . Canadians are twice as likely to use emoji associated with genitals or sexual activity than any other region . These include the banana , eggplant , peach , cherries and the Cancer astrological symbol . The Vietnamese and French are half as raunchy as the average , and US English speakers are the top users of the eggplant emoji . Italians use the banana most . Canadian English speakers are most ` violent ' in their emoji usage at more than 50 % higher than the average . This chart compares their use of such emoji with other English-speaking regions . These emoji include the gun , knife , punching fist , fire , explosion and bomb . The least weapon-related emojis are used in Germany .