Turkey has blocked access to Twitter and YouTube after they refused a request to remove pictures of a prosecutor held during an armed siege last week . A Turkish court imposed the blocks because images of the deadly siege were being shared on social media and ` deeply upset ' the wife and children of Mehmet Selim Kiraz , the hostage who was killed . The 46-year-old Turkish prosecutor died in hospital when members of the Revolutionary People 's Liberation Party-Front -LRB- DHKP-C -RRB- stormed a courthouse and took him hostage . The DHKP-C is considered a terrorist group by Turkey , the European Union and US . Scroll down for video . A Turkish court has blocked access to Twitter and YouTube after they refused a request to remove pictures of prosecutor Mehmet Selim Kiraz held during an armed siege last week . Grief : The family of Mehmet Selim Kiraz grieve over his coffin during his funeral at Eyup Sultan Mosque in Istanbul , Turkey . He died in hospital after he was taken hostage by the far-left organisation . Two of his captors were killed when security forces took back the building where the far-left group was holding him . Gunshots were heard and smoke could be seen rising from the scene at the end of the six-hour stand-off . Mr Kiraz , a father-of-two married to a judge who also worked at the courthouse , was targeted for his part in an investigation into the death of Berkin Elvan . The 15-year-old was severely wounded after being hit on the head by a tear-gas canister fired by a police officer during anti-government protests in Istanbul in June 2013 . After spending 269 days in a coma , Elvan eventually died on March 11 last year . His death , and the subsequent investigation , have since become a rallying point for the country 's far-left . Gathering : Prosecutors , lawyers and judges stand near a statue of Lady Justice during the funeral ceremony . A British national , of Polish origin but who has not been named , was arrested on Saturday as part of an operation against the Revolutionary People 's Liberation Party-Front , according to reports . A Foreign Office spokeswoman said this morning : ` I can confirm that a British national has been arrested in Turkey and that we are offering consular assistance . ' Before imposing the blocks on the websites , Turkish authorities had tried to prevent newspapers printing images taken during the siege last week . The newspapers were accused by the government of ` spreading terrorist propaganda ' in sharing the images of the hostage-taking . Presidential spokesman Ibrahim Kalin said : ` This has to do with the publishing of the prosecutor 's picture . What happened in the aftermath -LRB- of the prosecutor 's killing -RRB- is as grim as the incident itself . ` The demand from the prosecutor 's office is that this image not be used anywhere in electronic platforms . ` The wife and children of prosecutor Kiraz have been deeply upset . The images are everywhere . ' He added : ` A request has been made to both Twitter and YouTube for the removal of the images and posts but they have not accepted it and no response has been given . ` That 's why this decision has been taken through a court in Istanbul . ' Critical : Prosecutor Mehmet Selim Kiraz was taken to hospital with gunshot wounds but died of his injuries . Strength of feeling : Elvan has since become an icon for the Turkish far-left and his supporters accuse the authorities of covering up the circumstances and perpetrators of his death . Google said it was working to restore service to the YouTube video-sharing site , which it owns . Twitter also said it was working to restore access for its users . Facebook said it had complied with a Turkish court order requiring it to restrict access to some content or face a block on its service . A company spokesman said it would appeal the order . Turkey 's telecoms regulator could not immediately be reached and there was no statement on its website . This is not the first time that Turkish authorities have imposed blocks on social media sites and networks . In the run-up to local elections in March 2014 blocks were imposed after recordings circulated allegedly revealing corruption among senior officials . Figures provided by Twitter revealed that Turkey filed more requests to remove content from the social network than any other nation between July and December 2014 .