Russia 's first ever cat cafe opened its doors to customers and their feline friends this week . Named Cats and People , the cafe based in Moscow invites cat lovers to bring their pets along with them when they go for a cup of tea . Alternatively , those who do not have a cat , can rent one for the duration of their visit and play with them in a separate room . All of the cats that live at the cafe were rescued from a local shelter and have each been vaccinated and chipped . Customers are allowed to adopt the cats , should they strike up a rapport with a feline over a piece of cake , but only if they meet certain requirements after an extensive interview . The cafe was influenced by the many cat cafes that have opened up in parts of far-east Asia , where they have become customary to many residents of cities such as Tokyo . Customers are allowed to adopt the cats but only if they meet certain requirements after an extensive interview . The cafe is the first of its kind to be opened in Russia and was influenced by the many cat cafes that have opened up in parts of far-east Asia . Its inaugural opening was captured on video and felines can be seen dotted around the room on various ledges as customers enjoy cups of tea and coffee . The fixtures and fittings are catered to the cats and feature scratching posts , hammocks and even feline-themed wallpaper . The cafe is based in Moscow and invites cat lovers to bring their pets when they go for a cup of tea . Co-owner Oleg Agronovich says almost every cat and animal fan would like to see a place like this near them . Toys are also available to the guests and one customer can be seen holding a feather dangler while interacting with a cat . Oleg Agronovich , co-owner of the cafe , also makes an appearance in the short clip . He says : ` Almost every cat and animal fan would like to see a place like this near them , where they can communicate with animals and just relax . ' All of the cats that live at the cafe were rescued from a local shelter and have each been vaccinated and chipped .