A high-flying Tory MP has been ordered to remove ` interfering ' tweets that risk derailing a murder trial amid claims he was exploiting the case to ` win votes ' . Richard Graham , who is fighting to retain the marginal seat of Gloucester , faces contempt of court proceedings if he fails to obey an order by the High Court to take down the Twitter posts . At an extraordinary pre-trial hearing , the Old Etonian former diplomat was accused of posting the tweets to ` ingratiate himself ' with voters by ` whipping up local feeling ' about the forthcoming case concerning the killing of a teenager . Richard Graham , who is fighting to retain the marginal seat of Gloucester , faces contempt of court proceedings if he fails to obey an order by the High Court to take down Twitter posts a court case . Zac Evans , 19 , was killed in a machete attack outside a pub in Gloucester in January while apparently trying to protect a group of girls . The trial , due to take place in June , was originally set for Bristol Crown Court , 30 miles from Gloucester . But after Mr Graham called for it to be moved during an exchange in the House of Commons and wrote to the Lord Chief Justice , it was transferred to Gloucester Crown Court . It was later switched back to in Bristol following objections that Gloucester would struggle to stage such an emotive case . Zac 's family said they preferred the case to be heard in Bristol . The High Court heard concerns by defence lawyers that Mr Graham may have used his political influence to try to get the trial switched from Bristol . They also argued that a number of his Twitter posts could prejudice the trial if not removed from his Twitter account . Zac Evans , 19 , was killed in a machete attack outside a pub in Gloucester in January while apparently trying to protect a group of girls . Barrister Stephen Kamlish QC , acting for the defendant in the murder trial , said in court that Mr Graham 's tweets were a ` clear attempt to win votes by ingratiating himself with his electors ' , the MP was ` potentially out of control on the issue ' and if he refused to remove his tweets or added to them , the defendant may not get a fair trial . Mr Justice Hamblen ordered Mr Graham to remove the tweets ` as soon as reasonably practicable ' , and to say nothing more that could prejudice the trial . Mr Graham insisted he was right to speak out about the trial arrangements , but refused to discuss his tweets , which he said had been removed . On the suggestion that he had used the trial for electioneering , he said : ` That 's rubbish . ` For an MP not to say anything about an event which filled the cathedral -LSB- for Zac 's funeral -RSB- ... no MP is going to sit there and say nothing . ' A spokesman for the judiciary said : ` The presiding judge for the area , in consultation with the resident judge , felt it was appropriate to try this case in Gloucester . ` Both have made it clear the letter from Mr Graham did not influence their decision . ' Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .