A historic SpaceX launch that could change the way man gets to space blasted off today from Florida under perfect conditions . Within minutes of liftoff , the California company was making its third attempt to land the leftover booster on an ocean platform . But it did n't go to plan . Billionaire founder , Elon Musk , tweeted : ` Ascent successful . Dragon enroute to Space Station . Rocket landed on droneship , but too hard for survival . ' Scroll down for video . The booster appears to have landed but Elon Musk said that ` excess lateral velocity ' caused it to tip over . SpaceX said it will post a video in the next few days , but images tweeted by Musk reveal that the booster landed successfully . The impact of landing , however , caused it to tip over destroying the lower part of the rocket . Landing the rocket upright was always going to be tricky . SpaceX once compared it to balancing a broomstick on your hand . Musk had put 50-50 odds on the attempt being successful and said that improvements to the design would happen throughout the year . Despite being destroyed , the booster 's flyback marks another step in the company 's quest to develop rockets that can be refurbished and reflown , potentially slashing launch costs . ` This might change completely how we approach transportation to space , ' SpaceX Vice President Hans Koenigsman told reporters during a prelaunch press conference . Elon Musk tweeted this image of the booster coming back down to Earth . Musk had put 50-50 odds on the attempt being successful and said that improvements to the design would happen throughout the year . The booster was programmed , following separation 2.5 minutes after liftoff , to flip around and fly to the platform dubbed ` Just Read the Instructions ' in the Atlantic ocean . While the booster landing did n't go to plane , the launch was successful . It took place at 4.10 ET from Florida under perfect conditions , after a attempt had to be scrubbed on Monday due to lightning . The 208ft -LRB- 63 metre -RRB- tall Falcon 9 rocket , carrying a Dragon capsule , thundered off its seaside launch pad at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station at 4:10 p.m. . The Falcon 9 is on now its way to deliver 4,300 lb -LRB- 1,950 kg -RRB- of food , clothing and science experiments to the ISS - including an eagerly awaited espresso machine for astronauts . The supplies should arrive the six space station astronauts on Friday . The rocket was was due to take off yesterday , but the launch was scrubbed due to bad weather . On board the Dragon capsule is an experimental espresso machine intended for International Space Station astronaut Samantha Cristoforetti of Italy . The Italians in charge of the project hope to revolutionise coffee-drinking in space . SpaceX , meanwhile , hoped to transform the rocket business by landing the first-stage booster on a platform floating a few hundred miles off Florida 's northeastern coast , near Jacksonville . The Dragon - the only supply ship capable of returning items intact - will remain at the ISS until around May 21 . At liftoff time , the orbiting lab was soaring over Australia . The delivery of food and equipment will arrive Friday . Soon after the launch , Elon Musk tweeted : ` Ascent successful . Dragon enroute to Space Station . Rocket landed on droneship , but too hard for survival ' Dragon , the SpaceX supply ship , holds more than 4,000 pounds of food , science experiments and equipment for the six space station astronauts . Musk 's plan is to reuse his booster rockets rather than discard them as is the custom around the world , to reduce launch costs . First-stage boosters normally just slam into the Atlantic and sink . The booster was programmed , following separation 2.5 minutes after liftoff , to flip around and fly to the platform dubbed ` Just Read the Instructions . ' The Dragon -- the only supply ship capable of returning items intact -- will remain at the space station until around May 21 . During a previous landing attempt in January , the rocket ran out of hydraulic fluid for its steering fins , causing it to crash into the platform . A second attempt in February was called off because of high seas , but the rocket successfully ran through its pre-programmed landing sequence and hovered vertically above the waves before splashing down and breaking apart . Musk 's plan is to reuse his booster rockets rather than discard them as is the custom around the world , to reduce launch costs . The launch sequence as it happened . All stages of the launch went to plan , except for the landing of the lower part of the rocket . SpaceX once compared it to balancing a broomstick on your hand . On board the Dragon capsule is an experimental espresso machine intended for International Space Station astronaut Samantha Cristoforetti of Italy . The ISSpresso machine uses a normal Lavazza coffee capsule , which is posted in the top of the machine . Water is aspirated and pressurised in a unique electrical system and is then heated . The granules mix with the hot water and the coffee is piped into a pouch , which is securely fastened to the machine using a ` rapid coupling/uncoupling system . ' Astronauts drink the coffee straight from the pouch using a straw . Musk recently unveiled the images of the Falcon 9 failed landing after persuasion on Twitter by the game pioneer behind Doom , John Carmack . The images show the rocket approaching the barge following last month 's attempt . After it fails to reduce its speed , the rocket is seen crashing at an angle and exploding . Billionaire Musk described the event simply as a ` rapid unscheduled disassembly ' . As well as the espresso machine , the SpaceX Dragon supply ship also holds experiments for Nasa 's one-year space station resident Scott Kelly , who moved in a couple weeks ago . Russian cosmonaut Mikhail Kornienko also will remain on board until March 2016 . This will be the California-based SpaceX company 's seventh station supply run since 2012 , all from Cape Canaveral . SpaceX is one of two companies hired by Nasa to fly cargo to the station following the retirement of the space shuttles . As well as a recently extended 15-flight , $ 2 billion contract with Nasa , SpaceX is working on a passenger version of the Dragon capsule and has dozens of contracts to deliver commercial communications satellites into orbit . The company also is working on a heavy-lift version of the Falcon rocket , which uses 27 engines , compared to the nine currently flying . The Falcon Heavy is expected to make its first test flight late this year . At Cape Canaveral Air Force Station 's Space Launch Complex 40 , a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket stands ready to boost a Dragon capsule on its fifth commercial resupply mission . This image was taken on Monday , before the attempt was scrubbed due to bad weather . This was Space X ' third attempt to land a rocket booster on a barge . Pictured is group 's first attempt to put the stage on an autonomous landing platform at sea , which was held in position using deep-sea oil rigs . The attempt ended in fuel and oxygen combining in an explosion .