A student has become an online sensation after powering his Cambridge college to glory in the final of University Challenge . Ted Loveday managed to answer 10 starter questions in the last round of the BBC quiz show , helping Gonville and Caius College , Cambridge defeat Magdalen College , Oxford . Viewers were astounded by his general knowledge prowess - but the law student has now admitted that he had help from some unlikely sources . Scroll down for video . Star : Ted Loveday has powered Gonville and Caius College , Cambridge to victory in University Challenge . Mr Loveday revealed after his team 's triumph that they had revised for the programme by watching YouTube videos and researching possible questions on Wikipedia . Gonville and Caius won the University Challenge title by amassing 225 points against Magdalen in the final , broadcast on BBC Two on Monday night . The team 's victory was largely thanks to Mr Loveday , who provided the correct response to 10 ` starter for 10 ' questions posed by presenter Jeremy Paxman . His range of expert topics ranged from foreign languages to economics and politics , via science and classical music . In the wake of the team 's win , University Challenge viewers took to the internet to express their admiration for Mr Loveday - and the cable-knit jumpers he sported on screen . Team : The Cambridge students thrashed their opponents from Magdalen College , Cambridge . Quizmaster : The BBC Two show is hosted by Jeremy Paxman , notorious for his aggressive putdowns . 1 -RRB- ` This long run is a misleading guide to current affairs . In the long run we 're all dead . ' These are the words of which economist ? 2 -RRB- ` They illustrate the temper of a pre-revolutionary age , when there is widespread desire for moderate reform . ' These words of Bertrand Russell refer to which two figures of the northern Renaissance born respectively in London and Rotterdam ? 3 -RRB- What five-letter word means a stupid or silly woman in Mexican Spanish , a university canteen in German and in the English-speaking world an organisation founded in 1946 for people with high IQs ? 4 -RRB- During the 20th century , which Conservative Prime Minister 's cabinet included that party 's previous and subsequent Prime Ministers , both of whom served for the whole of its period in office , the former as Foreign Secretary and the latter as Secretary of State for Education ? 5 -RRB- ` The first known instance of the application of algorithmic thinking to a field outside logic and mathematics . ' These words refer to a grammar of which language by the Gandharian scholar Panini ? 6 -RRB- Memoirs of a Dutiful Daughter is an autobiographical work by which French author ? It recounts her stifling and respectable upbringing and how she revolted against it at the Sorbonne with Jean-Paul Sartre . 7 -RRB- Inspired by the artworks of Viktor Hartmann , ` The Gnome ' , ` The Hut on Fowl 's Legs ' and ` The Great Gate of Kiev ' are among the 10 movements that comprise which suite by Mussorgsky ? 8 -RRB- John F Kennedy 's statement that ` mankind must put an end to war or war will put an end to mankind ' is an example of what figure of speech named after the 22nd letter of the Greek alphabet ? 9 -RRB- From the Greek for ` unguent ' , what five-letter term denotes a complex of molten silicates with water and gases formed within the upper mantle of the earth ? 10 -RRB- Meaning ` said only once ' , what two-word Greek term denotes a word or word-form that is recorded only once in a text , in the work of a particular author , or in a body of literature ? Scroll down to see the answers . Matt Stephens wrote on Twitter , ` Cable-knit jumper in excelsis , ' while Jack Clayton added : ` After that performance , Loveday is going to be fighting off the groupies with a trident . ' Paul Coxon , a Cambridge physicist , made a reference to the contestant 's constant sips of water , joking : ` Loveday needs to drink so much water because he IS ON FIRE . ' Mr Loveday even made an appearance on a blog called ` University Challenge Cuties ' , which said he was ` the definition of a UC cutie ' . Speaking after his team 's victory , Mr Loveday revealed that he had used the internet to finesse his quizzing skills ahead of filming - and suggested that University Challenge is not as intellectual as it might seem . ` We 'd put aside regular times to sit down together in the college bar , watch past episodes on YouTube and try to shout the answers at the telly before any of the contestants buzzed , ' he told the Gonville and Caius website . That was really helpful for improving our reaction speeds . ` Sometimes question-setters really like a particular area and they 'll keep coming back to it . For instance , they 're a bit obsessed with Pre-Raphaelite paintings , so we binged on some Wikipedia articles to make sure we were familiar with them . It paid off because we had a whole picture round on the Pre-Raphaelites ! ` University Challenge is n't about deep understanding - it 's about very wide , superficial knowledge combined with quick recall . ' He also revealed that Jeremy Paxman treats the show 's contestants generously despite his fierce reputation - Mr Loveday said : ` He knows you 're just students and does n't expect you to be as tough as the politicians he interviews . ` Having said that , he can be needlessly harsh in his put-downs to losing teams . ' The quiz champion offered some advice for other students hoping to follow in his footsteps , saying that the key to success is simply watching the show and looking up the answers when necessary . ` I know some of the questions on the show can seem fairly intimidating and high-brow , ' he said . ` But there 's no magic secret to it - all the answers will be out there on Wikipedia somewhere . ` If you find a question daunting , look it up online and read about the answer . Next time it comes up , it wo n't be daunting any more . ' Mr Loveday grew up in west London and went to Latymer Upper School , a leading private school in Hammersmith . This year was not the first time he tried to appear on University Challenge - last year he applied for the Gonville and Caius team , but did not make the cut . He follows in the footsteps of other notable champions such as Gail Trimble , who impressed even Mr Paxman when she captained Corpus Christi College , Oxford in 2009 . Almost : Stephen Fry came second in the 1980 edition of University Challenge with Queens ' College , Cambridge . For many University Challenge contestants , winning the show is a prelude to a successful career . But an unlucky few never reach the same heights again , and end up unable to make the most of their talents - or worse . Tony Gillham , who won the show in 2003 as a member of the Birkbeck College team , struggled with alcoholism after his victory . He said that he was even drunk while competing in the quiz - and suggested that winning was a poisoned chalice , because it convinced him that he could function properly despite his drinking . John Burke , a champion in 1999 , ended up working as a postman despite his intellectual firepower . Six years ago he told a documentary : ` I 'm certainly capable of a lot more than just delivering bits of paper . I 've got a lot of other capabilities and I 'm not really fulfilling my potential . ' Champions to have found success after their University Challenge days include Kwasi Kwarteng and David Lidington , both Conservative MPs , who each won the contest while studying at Cambridge . Comedian Stephen Fry came close to joining their ranks in the quiz elite when he was part of the Queens ' College , Cambridge team which came second in 1980 . THE ANSWERS : 1 -RRB- John Maynard Keynes ; 2 -RRB- Erasmus and Thomas More ; 3 -RRB- Mensa ; 4 -RRB- Ted Heath ; 5 -RRB- Sanskrit ; 6 -RRB- Simone de Beauvoir ; 7 -RRB- Pictures of an Exhibition ; 8 -RRB- Chiasmus ; 9 -RRB- Magma ; 10 -RRB- Hapax legomenon .