A man has been arrested and bailed following the ` suspicious ' death of a woman found floating in the water at a boat club - just hours after a children 's Easter Egg hunt took place in the grounds . The victim , who has not been formally identified but is thought to be in her 60s , was discovered at Derby Motor Boat Club in Sawley , Leicestershire , on Sunday night . A 65-year-old man was arrested in connection with her death before being released on police bail . The woman 's body was found at Derby Motor Boat Club in Sawley on the River Trent -LRB- pictured -RRB- . The club 's Rear Commodore , Steve Bilbie , said : ` We are very upset , but we ca n't say anything else ' The area was cordoned off for forensic examination and detectives say the investigation is in its ` early stages ' . A spokesman for Leicestershire Police said a post-mortem examination had failed to establish a cause of death and that results of further tests would not be known ` for some time ' . Detective Chief Inspector Mick Graham , who is leading the investigation , said : ` At this stage we 're treating the incident as a suspicious death . ` Officers will be carrying out inquiries locally to locate potential witnesses to any activity around the marina yesterday evening . Police at the scene today - officers are continuing to investigate the woman 's ` suspicious ' death . A 65-year-old man has been arrested and released on bail in relation to the woman 's death . ` If you have any information which you believe may be able to assist us then please get in touch . ' The woman 's body was discovered at around 10.21 pm on Sunday in the marina in Warren Lane . The Derby Motor Boat club , which has an annual fee of £ 750 , was founded in 1938 by a group of local businessmen . Its current Rear Commodore , Steve Bilbie , said : ` We are very upset , but we ca n't say anything else as there is an ongoing investigation . ' A description of the club on its website reads : ` We are situated on the River Trent at Sawley close to the junctions of the Trent with the River Soar , the Erewash Canal and the Trent . ' The boat club has space for 130 boats on individual moorings , which stretch around a third of a mile along the bank of the canal . Each has access to water and electricity . The club also has a headquarters , based in a portable building , children 's play area , toilet and shower block . Leicestershire Police -LRB- headquarters pictured -RRB- said a post-mortem failed to establish a cause of death and results of further tests would not be known ` for some time ' . The woman has not been formally identified . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .