The inaugural top spots in the album rankings and the two top places in the singles list have been claimed by Noel Gallagher , above . It could be time to dust off the turntables as vinyl records are revealed to be enjoying a startling revival . Last year saw more than one million albums sold on vinyl for the first time in almost two decades after seven years of steady growth . Sales are expected to hit two million this year and , in recognition of this trend , the UK 's first official weekly vinyl chart has been established . The inaugural top spots in the album rankings and the two top places in the singles list have been claimed by Noel Gallagher , 47 . Seemingly earning himself a reputation as the most popular artist on vinyl , Gallagher can also claim the most successful album of the last 20 years on the format , with Oasis 's 1995 offering -LRB- What 's the Story -RRB- Morning Glory ? . Perhaps proof that good music is timeless , classic releases by Led Zeppelin , Pink Floyd and David Bowie have all also landed among the current top tens . The Official Vinyl Charts have been released today by the Official Charts Company to mark Record Store Day , which seeks to celebrate independent record stores , and will be available on their website . Martin Talbot , Official Charts Company chief executive , said : ` With vinyl album sales up by almost 70 percent already this year , vinyl junkies could well have snapped up two million units by the end of this year -- an extraordinary number , if you consider sales were one-tenth of that just six years ago . This growth underlines the continuing resurgence of this much-loved format , whether you 're a fan of Arctic Monkeys , Noel Gallagher , Led Zeppelin or David Bowie . ' Arctic Monkeys took the top spot for the biggest selling vinyl album of the decade with their fifth and most recent album AM -LRB- lead singer Alex Turner above -RRB- . Last year saw almost 1.3 million vinyl albums sold , compared to 56million CDs and just under 6,000 cassette tapes . Although this only made up 1.5 percent of all album sales , it is the largest number since 1995 , when the figure was slightly over 1.4 million compared to less than 40million CDs and 24million tapes . While still a way off the all-time high of 92million vinyl LPs sold in 1975 , by breaking through the one million mark , 2014 showed a clear improvement on 2007 ' s low point of 205,000 . Vinyl was the most popular format for music until 1985 , when it was overtaken by cassettes . While the mainstream charts are dominated by contemporary releases , the first vinyl charts see older music also competing for places . In the album chart , Led Zeppelin 's Physical Graffiti , which reached number one when it was released in 1975 , claim second place behind Gallagher . Four Symbols , the band 's release from four years earlier also comes in at number ten . The singles chart reveals the same trend , with David Bowie 's 1975 track Young Americans coming in third . The new figures have also revealed the most popular albums and singles of the decade . David Bowie 's Life on Mars , Love Me Do by The Beatles and Lady Gaga 's Telephone take the top three spots in the singles chart , with Paul Weller and Morrissey filling out the top five . In the listing of the biggest selling albums of the decade , Pink Floyd make two appearances in the top five with The Dark Side of the Moon and The Endless River . Arctic Monkeys take the top spot with their fifth and most recent album AM .