The principal of an Islamic school has come under fire after he reportedly banned girls from running , amid fears it would cause them to lose their virginity . Former teachers of Al-Taqwa College , in Melbourne 's outer western suburbs , claim in a letter sent to the state and federal education ministers that principal Omar Hallak was discriminating against female students . The Age reported that the Victorian Registration and Qualifications Authority is currently investigating the allegations . Omar Hallak , principal of Islamic School Al-Taqwa College in Melbourne , reportedly bans his female students from running . This comes a month after revelations that Mr Hallak was telling students at his school that Islamic State was not ` created ' by Muslims , but was instead a plot against them by the West . The letter sent to ministers by a former teacher this week about the girls not being able to fully participate in sport claimed Mr Hallak believes there is ` scientific evidence ' to back his claims . ` The principal holds beliefs that if females run excessively , they may ` lose their virginity ' , ' the letter said . ` The principal believes that there is scientific evidence to indicate that if girls injure themselves , such as break their leg while playing soccer , it could render them infertile . ' The principal of Al-Taqwa College banned female primary school students from participating in the 2013 and 2014 cross country district events , the teacher also claimed . A group of students wrote this letter to Mr Hallak when they discovered they had been banned from competing , and asked him to be ` fair ' They said the principal had been unaware that the female students were training for the event , and got involved when he was notified . When they found out they had been prevented from competing , a group of female students penned a letter to their principal asking him to let them compete . ` This letter is about the cross country event that has been cancelled ' , the letter from ` cross country girls ' read . ` Apparantly -LRB- sic -RRB- it is because girls ca n't run and that is really offensive to all the girls that were going to participate in the event . ` As a school principal you should treat all the subjects equally just to be fair to all the students that want to participate in a sport event ' , the letter continued . Last month it was reported that Mr Hallak was teaching students at his school -LRB- pictured -RRB- that Islamic State was not the doing of Muslims , but rather a plot against them . The note from the group of students also raises that point that ` it does n't say girls ca n't run in the hadith -LRB- sayings of the prophet Mohammed -RRB- ' and they should be able to participate as long as they are wearing ` appropriate clothes ' . Education minister James Merlino has told 3AW the reports are concerning and the Victorian Registration and Qualifications Authority is investigating . `` If true these are very concerning reports and I have asked the VRQA to investigate and report back to me , '' Mr Merlino has told 3AW on Thursday . When contacted by Daily Mail Australia Al-Taqwa College refused to comment . Last month it was reported that Mr Hallak was teaching students at his school that Islamic State was not the doing of Muslims , but rather a plot against them . He reportedly shows his almost 2,000 students ` evidence ' that Islamic State terrorists are ` not linked to Islam ' . ` We do n't believe Muslims are creating IS , ' Mr Hallak told The Age . He believes that the murder and brutality carried out by Islamic State terrorists is actually a plot by Western countries to control oil in the Middle East .