Gary Neville has hailed Manchester United as a team that is getting ever closer to being ` the real deal ' after a dominant 4-2 derby victory over City at Old Trafford on Sunday . Louis van Gaal 's side took a firm grip on third place as they skipped four points clear of their arch rivals in fourth after going behind to an early goal from Sergio Aguero , who also scored a late consolation . After recent wins over Tottenham , Liverpool and now City , Neville was impressed by his former club 's performance as a whole ahead of next week 's clash with Premier League leaders Chelsea . Marouane Fellaini and Ashley Young celebrate their combined efforts to put Manchester United in the lead . Fellaini headed home United 's second goal getting on the end of a cross from man of the match Young . Goal-scorer Juan Mata and United boss Louis van Gaal show their delight at the end of the Manchester derby . ` I think they 're getting so confident now , ' he said of United , who claimed the win with goals from man of the match Ashley Young , Marouane Fellaini , Juan Mata and Chris Smalling , while Michael Carrick pulled the strings from the base of the midfield . Neville said coming into games against Spurs , Liverpool , City and Chelsea , United could have considered seven points a good result . ` They 've got nine already - so that 's a fantastic three performances , ' he says . ` Against Spurs , you were asking the question , are they the real deal ? But Spurs were poor that day , they were flakey . So then they go to Anfield and really make you sit up because that is a tough place to play no matter how Liverpool play . Young enjoyed some fortune as his commitment to get in front of his man saw him score the equaliser . City were at sixes and sevens as United took control of the match after struggling in the first 15 minutes . ` Then to come here today , especially with City starting well and going a goal up , that was a proper performance they 've put in out there today . ' Fellow pundit Niall Quinn declared United 's performance ` the best I 've seen since the glory days of -LRB- Sir -RRB- Alex Ferguson . ' Neville added : ` City have been beaten in the areas of passion , hunger and fight , but they were tactically done as well out here today . ` They could n't handle Manchester United 's position on the pitch . It was n't just a case of Manchester City coming here and being out-fought , they were out-played . '