Some 35,000 gathered on the White House South Lawn Monday morning for the 137th annual Easter Egg Roll festivities . Pop band Fifth Harmony and duo MKTO brought music to the event , and Mrs Obama joined the So You Think You Can Dance All Stars on stage taking the spotlight during a choreographed routine . This comes only days after she sported her mom dance moves on the Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon during a segment called The Evolution of Mom Dancing Part 2 . On Monday , another highlight of the day 's festivities was Mr Obama 's annual reading of his favorite childhood book Where the Wild Things Are , which he has done since 2009 . However , this year there was a disturbance when bees started buzzing near the children gathered for story-time on the South Lawn . Not breaking character , Mr Obama settled the shrieking children by saying : ` If you 're a wild thing , you ca n't be scared of bees ! ' Moves : The First Lady busts out her best dance moves to join the So You Think You Can Dance All Stars on stage at the Easter Egg Roll . Style : The First Lady took the spotlight during the performance as she added her own flair to the choreographed routine . Uptown Funk : Mrs Obama displays her moves during the routine , only days after she joined Jimmy Fallon on the Tonight Show where she danced in a segment called the Evolution of Mom Dancing Part 2 . GimmeFive : The theme of this year 's Easter Egg Roll is ` GimmeFive ' which is part of the First Lady 's campaign to get people to be more active . This year 's theme is #GimmeFive , which is part of Mrs. Obama 's campaign to try to get young people to be more active and lead healthier lives . However , President Obama did confess to having a bit of not-so-healthy Easter chocolate when asked by a reporter at the event . ` I had a few , I have to admit , ' Mr Obama said . Notably not in attendance were first daughters Sasha , 13 , and Malia , 16 , Obama . The president said they were occupied by ` a little school stuff going on ' . Grrrrr : President Obama reads from the children 's classic Where the Wild Things Are during Monday 's Easter egg roll on the White House South Lawn . ` Let the wild rumpus start ! ' : Each year , the president reads the book which was a childhood favorite . Be brave : At one point , bees were bothering some of the children gathered to hear the president read , and he refused to break character , saying ` If you 're a wild thing , you ca n't be scared of bees ! What a crowd : An estimated 35,000 came to the White House South Lawn Monday for the annual Easter egg roll . Celebrating spring : Above , the scene on the White House 's South Lawn Monday morning as the Easter egg roll kicked off . Monday 's events included sports and fitness zones , cooking demonstrations , and of course , the traditional egg roll in which kids compete to move their egg to the finish line first using only a wooden spoon . Staying true to the roll 's theme , the president kept active during the event , playing tennis with Danish racket star Caroline Wozniacki and basketball with members of the Washington Wizards . Despite all the pick-up games he stages on the South Lawn courts , Mr Obama appears not to have improved his game much since he was hit in the head while shooting hoops Monday . Let the good times roll : President Barack Obama opens the annual White House Easter Egg Roll on Monday morning . Getting the party started : Mrs Obama -LRB- center -RRB- checks out the crowd of 35,000 as her husband and the Easter Bunny wave . White House tradition : The president looks anxious to get the roll started on Monday , standing next to the Easter Bunny . Bo and Sunny along for the fun : The President and Mrs Obama walk down to the south Lawn with the family dogs Bo and Sunny for the Easter fun . Bunny-in-chief : The Easter Bunny photobombs a serious President Obama in this shot from Monday 's Easter egg roll . According to a USA Today reporter , ` a ball very lightly hit POTUS in the face when he was standing under the basket catching rebounds , and Wizards ' Paul Pierce seemed to apologize for that . ' A Malayan flying fox named Kamilah , was also brought in to teach the children about bats and their ecosystems . For this year 's celebrations , the White House collaborated with Snapchat and asked attendees to send out pictures on the social media app so that people around the world can follow along . It 's a race ! President Obama and the first lady watch as young boys and girls participate in the Easter egg roll . And they 're off ! Mr Obama blows a whistle to signal the start of the Easter egg roll where children compete to move an egg down a course the fastest using only a wooden spoon . The egg roll is one of the longest-standing White House traditions . In 1878 , a sympathetic President Rutherford B. Hayes opened the White House grounds to local children for egg rolling when lawmakers passed a law banning the game from Capitol grounds . The Easter egg roll is free and tickets are distributed via a lottery to families with children 12 and under . Good game : President Obama shakes the hand of a young participant in the Easter Egg roll on Monday . Tender moment : President Obama greets a young guest during the White House Easter Egg Roll on the South Lawn of the White House on Monday . Hoops : President Obama stands with Bilqis Abdul-Qaadir , a female Muslim American collegiate basketball player for the University of Memphis , after both played on basketball court at Monday 's Easter egg roll . Swoosh : President Obama shrugs after shooting a basket during Monday 's pick-up game on the White House South Lawn . Easter tunes : The members of the girl group Fifth Harmony serenade the crowd from the White House on Monday . However , one of the children in attendance Monday was invited by President Obama himself . A 9-year-old girl named Sofia , from Massachusetts , made headlines last year when she sent a letter to the president , asking him why there were n't any women on U.S. currency . The president responded to the adorable letter and told little Sofia she had a great idea and had come up with a list of outstanding women . Each president has put his own spin on the event , such as President Jimmy Carter who added a petting zoo in 1977 . Dressed to the nines : A little girl in her best Easter wear rolls a blue egg with a wooden spoon at Monday 's festivities . Taking part in the tradition : The Easter egg roll is one of the White House 's long-standing traditions , dating back to President Rutherford B Hayes ' administration in 1878 . Competitive : The theme of this year 's event was Let 's Move , so it was only appropriate that the president break a sweat with tennis star Caroline Wozniacki . Sportsmanship : Wozniacki and the president exchange a friendly high five after their game of tennis on Monday . Strong backhand : The president stuck to the baseline and kept his eye on the ball during the rally . Good play : President Obama reacts with surprise after scoring a point against the Danish tennis star . Oh say can they sing ! The iD4GIRLS perform the national anthem at the beginning of the Easter egg roll on Monday . Happy family : While first the president 's daughter 's Malia -LRB- left -RRB- and Sasha -LRB- right -RRB- were no where to be seen at the Easter egg roll on Monday , they did pose for an Easter portrait with their parents on Sunday .