While we all know the key to maintaining a healthy weight is finding a middle ground between the amount of food you eat and the amount of exercise you put in , it can sometimes be a bit tricky to anticipate exactly how much exercise is required . With Easter just around the corner we thought it would be helpful to give you a real life gauge on how much cardio you 'll need to put in to get the most out of your Easter binge session . Starting at the very bottom of the chocolate egg scale is the mini solid egg , around four of them equate to 550 kilojules . After eating only four mini solid chocolate eggs that contain 550 kilojules you 'll need to run for at least 40 minutes to melt the calories away . A 67-kilogram woman who ate only four of these snack sized treats would need to vigorously walk for around 40 minutes before the guilt , and the calories melted away . A man weighing in at around 80 kilograms could achieve the same in 30 minutes . Any child , or grown adult for that matter , out on an Easter scavenger hunt is sure to come across a chocolate replica of the Easter bunny himself . You would need to run for about half an hour to burn off a hollow chocolate egg . What you 'll be surprised to find is that a medium chocolate bunny contains around 4400 kilojules that wo n't burn themselves off . If you chose the humble kayak as your weapon against weight gain , ladies you 'd be expected to paddle for at least three hours to burn that bunny off . Gents you 've lucked out in this department and will only have to spend around two hours in the water . If cycling is more your style , then men you 'll need to spend just under two hours pedaling and ladies , you 'll need to put in just over that for that bunny to be history . If you wanted to munch on a small bunny there 's no avoiding the 2212 kilojules that come with it . Ladies , you could hop in the pool and swim for just over an hour , or guys just under an hour , before that bunny would have melted away . If you 've taken home a large chocolate bunny you can expect to spend at least three hours playing squash before you have worked off the 11060 kilojules added to your daily intake . For those who like their Easter with all the trimmings can expect to spend around three and a half hours on the squash court for women and just under three hours for men , before they 'll be able to burn off a large bunny which adds around 11060 kilojules to your daily calorie intake . Chocolate is n't the only temptation around Easter time with two hot cross buns containing around 1800 kilojules , and that 's without any butter or jam ! Fruit hot cross buns will have you hitting the pavement for an hour - and that 's if you forgo the generous layer of butter ! For those who can go without the extra spread you 'll need to run for about 40-50 minutes to work them off . For those who ca n't , expect another 30 minutes of cardio before the calories are gone ! If you thought classic hot cross buns were bad , wait until you 're faced with 1030 kilojules of choc-chip hot cross bun - and that 's just for one ! Men will need to salute the sun for around an hour and fifteen minutes with ladies putting in an hour and a half of yoga before the singular bun will vanish ! Hot cross bun 's calorie laden , choc chip counterpart will require around an hour and a half of yoga before it 's completely gone !