Read Madrid galactico Gareth Bale will be the subject of a three-way £ 75million transfer battle between Chelsea , Manchester United and Manchester City this summer . Bale has indicated , publicly at least , that he wants to stay at Real . But sources in Spain suggest that the club could be willing to offload him even though manager Carlo Ancelotti has said he wants the winger to remain at the club . Real Madrid forward Gareth Bale is a transfer target for Manchester United , Chelsea and Manchester City . Bale could be sold by Real Madrid as they pursue a deal for Borussia Dortmund star Marco Reus . The complex politics at Madrid mean that Bale could be traded to help finance the inevitable signing of at least one platinum player during the summer and work within the parameters of Financial Fair Play . Borussia Dortmund 's Marco Reus is one star being lined up , and Madrid may feel they need to find space for Isco in their first team , the player having recently expressed his frustration at being sidelined for much of the season . Reus only recently signed a new four-year deal with Dortmund . But it is understood that was more to optimise his transfer value . Under the terms of his previous contract Reus had a buy-out clause of £ 20m . That has been written out of the new deal and the Bundesliga club believe he is worth double that in the current market . When Bale signed his record £ 86m deal to join Real Madrid from Tottenham two years ago he had a £ 75m release clause written in . Dortmund rate Reus -LRB- right -RRB- at around £ 40million after his £ 20m buy-out clause was taken out of his new deal . Bale has said he wants to stay at Real Madrid despite becoming unpopular with some fans this season . As it stands Chelsea would seem favourites to buy Bale , and the Blues also want Real centre half Raphael Varane . But City and United will be in the mix too as they both seek to bolster their attacking power . Ultimately it will come down to which club tables the best deal should Real open the door . The fact Bale has become unpopular with a section of the Bernabeu despite having a decent season could prove a deciding factor . A few weeks ago it seemed Javier Hernandez seemed destined to return to the Premier League this summer at the end of his year-long loan at Real Madrid came to an end . West Ham , Tottenham and Southampton were all in the hunt for the Manchester United striker who can be bought from United for £ 7m . But suddenly Madrid could decide to buy Hernandez themselves . Chelsea appear most likely to sign Bale - and they also want his Real Madrid team-mate Raphael Varane -LRB- right -RRB- . Real Madrid could look to make Javier Hernandez 's loan move a permanent one after his goal against Atletico . It might have been a simple finish served up by Cristiano Ronaldo , but the late winner Hernandez scored to beat city rivals Atletico Madrid in their Champions League quarter-final has lifted the striker to legendary status . The Bernabeu fans saluted Hernandez with astonishing continual chanting of the player 's nickname ` Chicarito ' until he eventually left the pitch . Not even Ronaldo has enjoyed such adulation . The Real hierarchy may find it unacceptable to let Hernandez go now . And if the player becomes more regular there is the added commercial factor of his shirt sales in his native Mexico . If Hernandez is retained that would be another reason why the club would be ready to move on Bale . Petr Cech could get a dream move to Real Madrid if David de Gea rejects the Spanish giants and signs a new £ 200,000-a-week deal with Manchester United . Cech is set to leave Chelsea in a £ 10m move this summer . Liverpool want him but a move to Madrid could be on if the La Liga side do n't move for Tottenham 's Hugo Lloris , who would cost £ 25m . Chelsea goalkeeper Petr Cech could join Real Madrid this summer if David de Gea stays at Manchester United . Aston Villa will come under pressure to sell striker Christian Benteke this summer if bids pass £ 30m . Liverpool may make a move even if they sign Danny Ings , with the future of Daniel Sturridge suddenly uncertain . Mario Balotelli 's place in the squad will also have to be filled but it 's unclear which club will be willing to sign Balotelli given his six-figure weekly wages . The Reds seem certain to take Benteke 's Belgium international team mate Divock Origi back from his year-long loan with Lille . Rickie Lambert could be part of the deal with Villa , and will be on the wanted list of several other Premier League clubs . Aston Villa striker Christian Benteke could be sold by the club if they receive a bid of over £ 30m this summer . Middlesbrough are set to give Jonathan Woodgate a new one-year deal next season , and if the club get promoted it would mark a remarkable return to the Premier League for the former England centre half . Woodgate 's top-flight career seemed over two years ago when he left Stoke after the problems he has had with injury . But at the age of 35 Woodgate has been a constant force in Boro 's promotion drive this season . Veteran defender Jonathan Woodgate -LRB- left -RRB- is set to earn a new one-year contract at Middlesbrough . QPR striker Charlie Austin will be a target for West Ham and Newcastle this summer . Monaco may move for Emmanuel Adebayor , who will be released by Tottenham at the end of the season . Inter Milan president Erick Thohir admitted to an Italian newspaper that the club want Manchester City 's Yaya Toure . ` We like him and we are sure Roberto Mancini will know how to make the most of his talents , ' Thohir told Corriere della Sera . Inter Milan president Erick Thohir has admitted that the club want to sign Manchester City 's Yaya Toure -LRB- left -RRB- . I am hearing . Sam Allardyce will consider the option of managing abroad next season . I understand Allardyce is virtually resigned to not being offered a new contract by West Ham next season when his current deal expires in the summer . Allardyce has long been frustrated that he has been pigeonholed as a ` belts and braces ' manager when he believes he is a far more sophisticated coach than he is given credit for and has been at the vanguard of sports science innovation in the game . Indeed he once claimed that had been foreign with a name like ` Allardici ' then he would get more plaudits and bigger jobs . West Ham boss Sam Allardyce is considering managing abroad next season if he is not given a new contract . Allardyce still harbours the ambition of being England coach having just missed out when Steve McClaren was given the job in 2010 . Big Sam believes his CV could be enhanced by managing abroad - in Spain , Holland or Germany . He will not be short of options in the Premier League though - Sunderland and QPR are two possible destinations . Or he could take some time out and see what job crops up in the autumn . David Moyes , who has rebuilt his reputation with Real Sociedad , is one of the candidates to replace Allardyce at West Ham along with Slaven Bilic of Besiktas and Marseille 's Marcelo Bielsa . Real Sociedad manager David Moyes is one of the candidates to replace Allardyce at West Ham this summer . I am also hearing . Rio Ferdinand could be offered the chance of a swansong in Major League Soccer depending on which club have spaces when their transfer window opens in June . Ferdinand , 36 , may also find he is in demand in other territories such as Qatar and India . QPR are unlikely to offer Ferdinand a new contract when the one-year deal he signed after leaving Manchester United on a free last summer expires . Ferdinand , currently out injured , has made just nine appearances for Rangers this season . The former England captain 's other option is to retire and pursue a career in the media or in coaching . QPR defender Rio Ferdinand could be offered the chance to play in the USA , India or Qatar next season .