Manchester City have apologised to supporters and promised to hand out ticket refunds after coaches they laid on for free were delayed and missed the kick-off at Crystal Palace . The Premier League champions have written to 300 fans who took them up on their offer of free transport for the Bank Holiday evening clash at Selhurst Park . Palace 's South London home is notoriously difficult to get to and the club acted after the game was scheduled for an 8 pm start , making it impossible for supporters to travel by train . Edin Dzeko and his Manchester City team-mates reflect on their Premier League defeat at Crystal Palace . Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany looks dejected after seeing his side slump to defeat in London . However , after being sent on their way from the Etihad Stadium at 1.30 pm by City legend Mike Summerbee , all of those onboard the six coaches missed the kick-off with some arriving as much as 20 minutes after the start . Some complained that Summerbee 's send-off had gone on for too long and was responsible for their late arrival . Now , the club has acknowledged the coaches set off too late and have written to supporters to apologise and advise them that they will be refunding the cost of their match tickets . The letter , seen by Sportsmail , reads : ` The free coach travel was provided to enable supporters to attend this match on a day when return rail travel from Manchester was n't an option due to the kick-off time , and the time of the final train back to Manchester . Glenn Murray is mobbed by his Crystal Palace team-mates after he opened the scoring against Man City . Crystal Palace boss Alan Pardew celebrates with the home fans during their win against Manchester City . ` We have liaised with our travel partner and wanted to advise that whilst this was a Bank Holiday , which was factored in to the journey planning , it is accepted that the coaches should have left the Etihad Stadium earlier than they did . ` As a gesture to you and all supporters who travelled on the official coaches , the club will be refunding the money that you paid for your match ticket within the next seven working days . We will contact you if we require any further details to process the refund . ` We would like to apologise for the delayed arrival at Selhurst Park and thank you for your patience and support on the day . ' The move is likely to cost the club in the region of £ 12,000 . Things did not get much better for the City fans when they finally arrived for the match as Manuel Pellegrini 's side went down 2-1 to all-but-end their hopes of retaining their title .