Paul Casey insists he is desperate to play in the Ryder Cup again , even though he looks unlikely to rejoin the European Tour in time to earn qualifying points this season . Only Tour members can play on the team and Phoenix-based Casey gave up his membership after deciding in January to concentrate on the PGA Tour in order to get back into the world 's top 50 . The move has paid off with the former world No 3 losing a play-off in the Northern Trust Open and finishing joint third in the Honda Classic to climb to 44th at the start of this week . Paul Casey , practicing ahead of the Masters in Augusta , ` desperately ' wants to return to the Ryder Cup . The Englishman has returned to the world 's top 50 after leaving the European Tour to concentrate on his game . However , even if he rejoins the European Tour before the May 1 deadline to be eligible to accrue Ryder Cup points when the race starts in August , he will struggle to play the 13 events required for membership . ` It was very straightforward when I was top 10 in the world playing both tours , ' Casey told Sportsmail ahead of his first Masters appearance since 2012 . ` I know I am back in the top 50 but I have only just got back into the top 50 . It was a very difficult decision but it was also the correct decision . ` I still have to play 13 events and right now I am not in the US Open or Open or HBSC Champions at the end of the year . Playing 13 becomes difficult when you have n't played at the start of the year in Middle East . ' Casey celebrates while watching a replay of his hole-in-one , which helped Europe to victory in 2006 . Casey last played in the Ryder Cup competition in the 2008 defeat by USA at Valhalla . Casey played in the record Ryder Cup wins in 2004 and 2006 and the 2008 defeat at Valhalla , but was in tears after being overlooked for a wild card by captain Colin Montgomerie in 2010 , when he was ranked seventh in the world . ` I desperately want to be part of a Ryder Cup again . There is definitely passion and a fire there burning , ' he added . ` Certainly one of them I felt like I was maybe denied , the others I have n't been in a position to make the team and watching Medinah and Gleneagles has been brilliant . ` What they have done has been absolutely phenomenal and I want to be part of that again and not just part of it , but a real solid team player and leader in the team room , which I know I can be . When I play my best golf I think I can certainly play that kind of role . ' European captain Darren Clarke said earlier this week he wanted Casey on his team for Hazeltine next year , and the 37-year-old added : ` Paul -LRB- McGinley -RRB- said the same thing -LRB- even though I was a member of the Tour at the time -RRB- . ` He was desperate for me to be part of that because I had won twice around Gleneagles and unfortunately was n't playing the golf I needed to . ' Ryder Cup captain Darren Clarke -LRB- right -RRB- , speaking with Tiger Woods in Augusta , wants Casey on his team . Casey finished sixth on his Masters debut in 2004 and is relishing being back at Augusta National after failing to qualify in 2013 and 2014 . ` When you have been here and gone away for a year or two you certainly appreciate it when you come back , ' he added . ` I 'm very focused this week but I am enjoying being here and lapping up everything about it . ` I was on the same flight as Padraig Harrington -LRB- who was also ineligible last year -RRB- on Sunday and when we landed the girls who run the courtesy car service here had all made little signs saying ` Welcome back Padraig ' . We touched on that subject and said that we were both going to give it a good go , but enjoy it . '