A delivery driver was questioned under anti-terror laws after taking pictures of police vehicles parked at a bus stop . Kieron Power 's wife had previously been given a £ 110 ticket for stopping in the same place for 45 seconds behind a police car and van . A week after she received the ticket given out by a council CCTV ` spy car ' , he went back to gather evidence of police cars parked at the stop in Kingston upon Thames , South-West London . Delivery driver Kieron Power was pulled over and questioned under anti-terror laws after taking these pictures of police vehicles parked in a bus stop . Mr Power , 54 , from Esher , Surrey , was on his way home after taking the photographs when a police car came up behind him with its blue lights flashing . He said : ` I did n't think much , because I was n't doing anything wrong , but then all of a sudden another police car appeared in front of me in a pincer movement and I was forced to stop . ` They told me they were stopping me under the Prevention of Terrorism Act . They said I 'd been seen taking pictures of police cars , which I admitted . ` I told them why , but they still demanded my pictures be deleted . I refused , because I had done nothing wrong , and the officer spoke to his commander . Eventually I was allowed on my way -- it seemed so heavy-handed . Mr Power , 54 , was stopped in a pincer manoeuvre by a pair of police cars after he took photographs of two vehicles parked up in a bus stand - because his wife was given a £ 110 ticket for doing the same thing . ` I was annoyed that my wife had been given a ticket for briefly stopping somewhere the police always park , but I never dreamed I would be accused of being a terrorist . ' Mr Power 's wife has paid the ticket for parking behind the Bittoms centre in Kingston after an appeal on the grounds that police were blocking the ` bus stand ' markings failed . A Kingston police spokesman said : ` The man was initially requested to delete the photos , however after the officer clarified the Metropolitan Police Service 's approach towards photography of police officers and vehicles with his supervisors , he realised the man was allowed to keep them . ` The police vehicles parked on the bus stand are part of the Met 's Safer Transport Command and have been given permission by the local authority to park there . ' Mr Power said : ` I appreciate that police cars need to stop wherever they can for operational matters , but these vehicles are always there . It 's one rule for them and one rule for us , I suppose . '