Kurt Ludwigsen is facing 94 sex-related charges . A women 's college softball coach who was fired from his job at a Christian school in New York last month has been arrested and charged with nearly 100 sex-related offenses . Kurt Ludwigsen , 43 , is accused of kissing , harassing and touching 13 of his players during his time at Nyack College . He is facing 44 counts of forcible touching of another 's sexual parts , 49 counts of harassment involving unwanted physical contact and one count of sexual abuse . Ludwigsen was hired by the school in September and police were told he started behaving inappropriately towards his players in October , the Journal News reported . South Nyack-Grand View Police Chief Brent Newbury said : ` The parents thought something inappropriate was going on with the coach . ` This is something we do n't normally expect to see at Nyack College , or any college , but specifically Nyack College because of its missionary background . ` While we 're fortunate nothing really really serious happened , this is bad enough . ' Ludwigsen , who has children aged 15 and 12 , lives with his family in Ridgewood , New Jersey . This would have been his first season as coach . Ludwigsen , 43 , is accused of kissing , harassing and touching 13 of his players during his time at Nyack College . After Ludwigsen was hired , Nyack 's athletics director said the school 's softball program was ` in good hands ' After the University of Arizona graduate was hired to coach the Lady Warriors , Nyack athletics director Keith Davie said : ` We are very excited to add Kurt to the athletics staff of Nyack College . ` The softball program is in good hands and we are excited about the direction that Coach Ludwigsen will be going . ` The Lady Warriors softball program will become a solid competitor in the Central Atlantic Collegiate Conference in a very short time . ' The fired coach is being held on $ 15,000 bail in Rockland County jail and will appear in court on Monday . The career coach has more than 20 years of experience . In an introductory video made after his hiring , Ludwigsen said : ` I 'm looking forward to learning about all of your old traditions and maybe introducing some new ones . ' The coach added he was looking forward to bringing some of his ` winning ways ' to Nyack . Nyack was founded in Manhattan in 1882 . It has one campus in Nyack , New York and another in Manhattan , . Most of the school 's 3,400 students come from NYC 's five boroughs or just outside the city . Nyack was founded in Manhattan in 1882 and the Christian school has another campus in Nyack , New York .