A drug-addicted Ryanair steward who swiped a £ 500 camera left on a flight was rumbled by the owner who spotted the listing on eBay and reported him to police . Teacher Aaron Galloway , 23 , was on a half-term city break to Prague when he left his expensive SLR camera on the seat as he landed in the Czech Republic capital . Ground crew phoned the flight attendants within minutes but cabin crew said there was no sign of the £ 499 Nikon . Flighty : Ryanair steward Fernando Miguel Andrade Viseu begged Adam Galloway not to report him to police when he replied to a message warning him that he could prove that he was selling stolen goods . When Aaron got home , he went on eBay to find a replacement and was astonished to see his own camera for sale with just 35 minutes left on the auction . He messaged seller Fernando Miguel Andrade Viseu , who confessed to the theft - and admitted being a Ryanair flight attendant . Aaron checked his eBay profile and found Viseu had sold 118 items in the previous few months , including Ray-Ban sunglasses and expensive Skullcandy headphones . Snapshot : Aaron realises that the camera advertised on eBay is the one he left on the flight . Rumbled : Teacher Aaron realises the seller must work for Ryanair and sends over some strong words . 35 minutes to go : The listing that Aaron Galloway found when looking for a replacement camera . The Portuguese-born thief begged Aaron not to tell police and said he would lose his job but officers raided his home near Stansted and found the D5200 Nikon . Viseu was charged with the theft of the camera as well as stealing a Kindle from an unknown owner and pleaded guilty in court . However , he 's not being investigated for any other offences at this time or being pursued under the proceeds of crime act . Magistrates in Chelmsford , Essex , ordered to attend a drug rehabilitation programme for six months by the court on March 9 and pay £ 145 costs . They also imposed a community order and ordered him to do 100 hours of unpaid work . Ryanair have now sacked him . Aaron , a primary school teacher , said : ` When I saw it on Ebay I could n't believe it . ` I was angry with Ryanair to be honest . How can they not notice someone just taking things off the seats ? ` He had deleted everything from the camera - photos of Christmas , of a family member who had passed away and my graduation - all wiped . ` I 'd been looking forward to taking lots of photos on my holiday and that was just ruined . ' Steward Viseu posing next to a Ryanair plane , left , and Aaron Galloway , right , with his camera in Brighton . Aaron went online when he got back home to Brighton , East Sussex , after his three-night break and was astonished to see his camera . He said : ` That night I decided to check Ebay - I 'm not sure what made me do it , but I thought I would just have a look . ` Right there , with just 33 minutes to go , was my camera . ` I knew it was mine because the description with the strap , the lens , the battery , the memory card - all mine . ` It was a three day auction starting the same day I lost my camera , and the item location was Stansted . ` I contact the non-emergency police number but only got through to the switchboard and I was panicking . ` So I thought I had nothing to lose so I messaged the seller , expecting them to just ignore me . ` He admitted he worked for Ryanair and had taken my camera . I was pretty surprised because actually he could have ignored me and there was nothing I could have done . ` But he said he was really sorry . ' Begging : Viseu begs teacher Aaron not to report him to police and offers to return the camera . Viseu - who was listed on eBay as fstoffel2013 - sent Aaron a message saying : ` My apologies for this . I 'll obviously return the camera to you . ` Please tell me when you return and I will meet you at the terminal . ` Of course my job is important to me . I 'll meet you at the terminal or whatever you want to . ` I found the camera at the end of the day and I will return it to you , of course . ` Please , please do n't report me . ' Aaron added : ` The police initially said they wanted me to organise to go and collect it off him in person , and they would arrest him there . ` But then once I showed them the evidence they went to his home and arrested him there . ' A spokesman for Essex Police said : ` We arrested a 34-year-old man from the Stansted area on Friday February 20 on suspicion of theft . '