Napoli president Aurelio De Laurentiis has threatened to send his players to a training camp ` for an unlimited period of time ' if they do not improve between now and the end of the season . Di Laurentiis was furious after his team continued their recent slide by losing 1-0 at home to Lazio in the second leg of their Coppa Italia semi-final on Wednesday , going down 2-1 on aggregate . The elimination came on top of a run of five Serie A matches without a win which has seen Napoli drop from third place to sixth , leaving them with only a faint chance of qualifying for the Champions League next season . Lorenzo Insigne reacts as Napoli lost 1-0 at home to Lazio on Wednesday and exited the Coppa Italia . The result heaps more pressure on boss Rafael Benitez , who has not matched the success of his first season . Napoli president Aurelio De Laurentiis was furious with the result and blasted the commitment from the team . ` I have decided that if there is no change in course between now and the end of the season , the players will go to a training camp ... for an unlimited period of time , ' he told reporters . ` It 's my decision . ` I want discipline , ' he continued . ` I have never failed to pay salaries or even delayed them . I have spent 386 million euros -LRB- £ 281million -RRB- on the purchase of players in 10 years and I demand commitment . ` I dislike the idea of a training camp as part of the club 's philosophy , but Naples is a city which is full of distractions , ' he added . ` I demand that they work with me and for a common purpose , with full commitment to the fans and the city . ` Since going to a training camp is uncomfortable in a city such as this , I hope that -LRB- the threat -RRB- awakens some pride in the players . ' The defeat also increased pressure on coach Rafael Benitez , who led Napoli to a third-placed finish and the Coppa Italia title last season but has failed to build on what was considered a reasonable , but unspectacular , first season . Gonzalo Higuain -LRB- right -RRB- fails to connect with an acrobatic kick as Napoli lost 2-1 to Lazio on aggregate . Lazio 's players celebrate after eliminating Napoli to advance to the final of the Coppa Italia . Senad Lulic -LRB- right -RRB- converts Lazio 's winner at the San Paolo stadium to send his team to the final . He is now left with the Europa League , where Napoli have reached the quarter-finals , as their only chance of silverware this season . ` We got to the Coppa Italia and Europa League quarter-finals , so you ca n't say we 're not doing well , ' said the Spaniard , whose contract runs until the end of the season . ` You ca n't say that we have n't done enough this season , the team has created a lot . ` We created seven clear chances and failed to score from anything thanks to some bad luck and the merits of our opponents . ` We are still alive and kicking , we just need a little more accuracy in front of goal . '