Racing legend Tony McCoy ended his career as a jump jockey without adding to his haul of more than 4,300 winners . His two , third-place finishes at Sandown Park in front of a packed crowd of 18,000 race fans brought an end to the greatest racing career in history . McCoy , 40 , has been champion jump jockey for the past 20 years , and when he was handed the trophy for the final time today by former Arsenal player Ian Wright , it emerged that the Irish jockey will be allowed to keep it in perpetuity . An emotional Tony McCoy takes a moment after he finished third in his 17,630 th race at Sandown Park . Some 18,000 people packed Sandown Park to see the 20-time Champion Jockey on his final two rides . McCoy was joined on stage by his wife Chanelle and daughter Eve and young son Archie . McCoy , known to racing fans as AP , was cheered on by his wife Chanelle , and children Archie and Eve . In a career that has lasted more than 25 years , McCoy has ridden in more than 17,000 races and fallen an estimated 1,000 times breaking almost every bone in his body at least once . McCoy looked clearly emotional has he waved to the crowd after finishing third aboard Box Office in his final race . The record-breaking jockey admitted that , unusually , he had difficulty sleeping last night before his final professional rides . McCoy has been Champion Jockey in Britain and Ireland since 1996 . During his career he has had 4,348 winners since his first victory in in Thurles , in Tipperary , Ireland on March 26 , 1992 aboard Legal Steps . His first British winner was in Exeter in 1994 , riding Chickabiddy to victory . AP McCoy was reduced to tears as he competed as a professional jockey for the last-ever time on Saturday . An emotional McCoy could n't contain his emotions as he waved to the crowd after his last race . McCoy was congratulated by fellow jockeys as he prepared for his final ever race after in Sandown Park . Speaking to Channel 4 , McCoy said : ` Today has been way beyond my expectations and thanks to Sandown and all the people who have been here today . It 's been an honour and a privilege . I 've had a brilliant way of life for the past 25 years . ` I think it 's so much easier to enjoy and be successful in what you do if you like the people you work with and I 've been incredibly lucky in that respect . ' After the race , he was joined on stage by his family where he addressed the crowd . ` I would like to thank the BHA for allowing me to keep the trophy . I have had it a long time . ` I do n't think I will ever celebrate retirement . I feel more sadness but I aware it had to happen It felt very different driving in and going into the Weighing Room . ` I went into the sauna for three-quarters of an hour and I will probably never go into one in my life again . ` There has been the last time this and the last time that over the last few weeks but this really is the last time . Last night was probably the first time in my life I did n't sleep well . My routine is going to have to change so much I will have to adapt . ' McCoy announced his retirement in February but it was only the passing of the Grand National and his last rides at Cheltenham that made reality hit home . The racing legend was swamped by photographers and punters following his last professional race . McCoy was presented the Champion Jockey trophy by Ian Wright - McCoy is an Arsenal fanatic . McCoy added : ` Race riding has been an addiction . The reason in the last two weeks I have not been riding as much was because I wanted to get myself prepared . ` That is why I announced my retirement when I did . I wanted to prepare myself for not being a jockey . ` I thought that was the best way of coping with it . It has been easy until the last couple of weeks . I am well aware the next two days , two weeks , two months , two years are going to be the most difficult . ' ` I have been very lucky and what I would say to the young lads in the weighing room enjoy every moment of it . ` In any sport to be successful you have to be prepared to work harder than anyone else . I think I have got talent but I have never thought I am the best at anything . When I look back I do n't think I leave much behind . ' In his final race , he was beaten by his long-time rival and friend Richard Johnson - who has been runner-up in the Champion Jockey race to McCoy for the past fifteen years . Speaking after the race , McCoy tipped his friend to take over from him next season . ` I 'd like Richard Johnson to be Champion Jockey because he made me achieve a lot of the things that I did . ` I would never have achieved the numbers I have done if it was n't for Richard Johnson . That 's no disrespect to Sam Twiston-Davies or Tom Scudamore or Jason Maguire . We have numerous lads who could be Champion Jockey , but personally I would like Richard Johnson to be Champion Jockey . ' In advance of his final rides today , stars from across sport , entertainment and racing paid tribute to McCoy , among them , Arsene Wenger , manager of his beloved Arsenal . The Arsenal boss said : ` I would like to congratulate you AP on your outstanding career . It 's absolutely exceptional what you have done and at Arsenal , who we know you support , we are inspired by that kind of dedication , quality and consistency that you have achieved in your career . Well done . ' Presenter Clare Balding said : ` I admire him so much for his skill in the saddle , for his dedication to the sport , for being able to stay at the top of his game for 20 years . ` But I almost admire him more for turning away now , for being able to bow out at the top , I think that takes so much courage . He knows he could carry on for another five years but he does n't want to doubt himself . ` He knows that if he doubts himself for a second that will travel down the reigns and the horses wo n't believe what he 's always believed , that he is the best . ' Sandown Park was packed with fans eager to watch McCoy in his penultimate race on Saturday . The retiring 20-time champion jockey admitted he went into the final two rides of his career with a heavy heart . Retiring jockey McCoy insists he will never return to professional racing after his Sandown farewell . Dame Judi Dench , Actress : ` A winner . He 's a winner . I ca n't imagine how he is going to feel , I must say , retiring from having such a kind of glittering career . He was born to ride a horse , he was born to win too . It 's wonderful to meet him and be able to say to him , you 're a legend . ' Ian Wright , who presented the Champions Jockey trophy McCoy said : ` AP McCoy is made of something else altogether . For 20 years he has been at the top of his game , riding winners , week in week out . I can think of no other sportsman or woman who can match his record . Like the Arsenal team of 2003/04 he 's proven that he truly is an Invincible . It was an incredible honour to award him with his trophy for the final time on the day he retires . ' Trainer Jonjo O'Neill , who : ` He 's a brilliant all-rounder . He was the one man out there you did n't want riding against you . I was lucky to get a lot of use out of him -- more than anybody else . He 's fantastic on the lesser horses and he gets just as much of a kick out of winning a selling plate race as he does the Gold Cup . He gives it the same ride , that 's why he 's very special . ' JP McManus , Racehorse Owner and long-standing employer : ` I get enormous pleasure from AP riding . If he is on one of my horses then it 's a bonus but if it 's somebody else 's I still get a thrill out of it . We 've had many great days winning the Grand National and a Gold Cup . There 's never a right time -LSB- to retire -RSB- , but it 's nice that he 's picking a time of his choosing . He 's an ironman and a lovely man . I 've grown to love him more and more , as my family have . There 's something deep and great about him . ' Tony McCoy signs autographs for punters on his final-ever day as a jockey at Sandown . Legendary 20-time jockey McCoy carries his son Archie , high-fiving racehorse owner JP McManus .