A transgender woman has launched a campaign on social media to protest bathroom bans . Brae Carnes of Victoria , British Columbia , has photographed herself over the past few months as she applies makeup and even changes in men 's public restrooms , sometimes when men are even going to the bathroom right behind her . This to protest a proposed amendment to a Canadian transgender rights bill that would allow owners to make their own decisions as to whether or not to allow transgender individuals to use facilities corresponding to their gender . Scroll down for video . Brae Carnes -LRB- above -RRB- of Victoria , British Columbia is protesting an amendment to a Canadian transgender rights bill . Carnes has begun posting photos of herself applying makeup and even changing in men 's public bathrooms -LRB- above -RRB- . ` I 'm giving them what they want , ' Carnes said of the photos in an interview with the Times Colonist . ` I 'm actively showing them what it would look like if that became law and how completely ridiculous it is . It 's just not right . ' On top of that , Carnes revealed that it is scary to go into a men 's public bathroom as a woman . A bill to grant equal rights and protections to transgender individuals and protect them from discrimination has been stuck in the Canadian senate for almost two years now . Recently , Senator Don Plett introduced this new amendment to the bill . He argues it is more a protection for women who may be afraid to share a space with anyone who is ` biologically male . ' The new amendment would allow business owners to determine if they want to allow transgender individuals to use facilities corresponding with their gender . ` I 'm actively showing them what it would look like if that became law and how completely ridiculous it is , ' says Carnes . The transgender community meanwhile has pointed out the issue of their own protection should they be forced to use a bathroom that does not correspond with their gender identity . ` I think -LSB- the amendment -RSB- is actually giving predators a chance and an opportunity . People think , `` Why 's this girl in the washroom ? She must be looking for a guy , '' ' said Carnes .