The Ohio parents of a two-year-old child who authorities say was beaten and starved to death were indicted on aggravated murder charges Wednesday . Hamilton County 's prosecutor said that the grand jury also indicted Andrea Bradley , 28 , and Glen Bates , 32 , on murder and child endangering charges in Glenara Bates ' death . Prosecutor Joe Deters says the parents , both of Cincinnati , could face the death penalty if convicted of all the charges . Scroll down for video . Facing charges : Andrea Bradley -LRB- left -RRB- , 28 , and Glen Bates -LRB- right -RRB- , 32 , have been indicted on aggravated murder charges in the beating death of their 2-year-old daughter last month . Innocent : Glenara Bates was brought to an Ohio hospital last month dead and weighing only 13 lbs . Deters ' statement says Bradley took her baby daughter to a hospital March 29 where the girl was pronounced dead . The child had been badly beaten and had bruises , belt marks and bite marks , he said . The child also had injury to her head and broken teeth , and injuries had been inflicted over an extended period of time . She had over 100 wounds to her body total . According to the prosecutors , at the time of her death Glenara weighted only 13 lbs - the average weight of a 3 or 4-month-old infant . Hamilton County Coroner Lakshmi Kode Sammarco , who performed the autopsy on Glenara , described it as the worst case of starvation she 's ever witnessed in her career . ` There is no doubt in my mind this child was tortured for the majority of her pitifully short life , ' Sammarco said . She recalled that it took a team of pathologists more than four hours to document all of the toddler 's numerous injuries and scars . ` The abuse this baby suffered is beyond belief , ' Deters said . ` If they -LSB- parents -RSB- get executed , God bless them , I 'd like to see it . ' The prosecutor said Bradley had seven children and is expecting her eighth child in July . Five of the other children -- ages 1 , 4 , 5 , 7 and 8 -- were living with Bradley . Glenara had been taken away from the family after being diagnosed with malnutrition , but child services returned the girl to the mother just weeks before her death . Deters said that in her final days , the toddler ate and slept in a bathtub filled with feces and blood . ` You would n't treat your dog like this , ' he said , . The parents are now in the custody of the Hamilton County Department of Job and Family Services . None of the other children showed current signs of abuse , Deters said . Matriarch : Bradley had seven children and is expecting her eighth child in July . This image from last July shows the woman pregnant with her youngest child and holding what appears to be a cigarette . Five of Bradley 's seven children -- ages 1 , 4 , 5 , 7 and 8 -- were living with the woman at the time of Glenara 's death . He said an older child lives with paternal relatives . The indictments come on the same day that child-welfare workers across Ohio are promoting awareness and prevention of child abuse and in the wake of a high-profile Cincinnati case involving a 3-month-old infant 's decapitation . That child 's mother , Deasia Watkins , has pleaded not guilty to a charge of aggravated murder . Last week , Bradley 's sister , Desana Townsend , told the station WCPO that the 28-year-old mother of eight tortured her daughter . Investigators say Glenara 's parents dropped her from 6 feet above ground , and her mother then tried to sew her head wound at home with a needle and thread . Calling her sibling ` heartless , ' Ms Townsend said Bradley did not deserve to have children . Detective Eric Karaguless said during a preliminary hearing that the couple admitted to the abuse , which lasted more than three weeks . Investigators say Glenara 's parents dropped her from 6 feet about ground , and her mother then tried to close up her head wound at home with a needle and thread . Bradley allegedly told detectives during questioning that she had whipped the toddler with a belt and failed to seek medical help for her after Glenara was dropped on her head . The mother of eight has a history of child abuse dating back to 2007 , according to documents . On Wednesday , Job and Family Services Director Moira Weir publicly acknowledged that her agency mishandled Glenara 's case . ` We can not comment publicly on the specifics of this case , but I will say a preliminary review shows we failed to follow our own policies and procedures in this case , ' she stated .