It was one of the greatest TV series ever made , and changed the way we view our planet and the life on it . Now , the sweeping documentary series ` Planet Earth ' is getting a sequel . The filmmakers said they plan to use the latest digital camera technology as they venture from the planet 's ice caps to ocean depths to deserts and remote forests . Scroll down for video of the original Planet Earth . This photo provided by Netflix and WWF-International shows an aerial view of Hardy Reef , home to the Heart Reef , in the Great Barrier Reef , Australia , an area which will be included in the Netflix natural history series , ` Our Planet , ' in collaboration with Silverback Films and WWF . The show will focus on the Earth 's last wilderness areas and the animals living there . Filmmakers said they plan to use the latest digital camera technology as they venture from the planet 's ice caps to ocean depths to deserts and remote forest . ` Our Planet ' will focus on the Earth 's last wilderness areas and the animals living there , the project 's British producers said Wednesday . Audiences will have to be patient : The eight-part series will take four years to make and is planned for a 2019 debut for Netflix customers internationally . ` Our Planet ' is being produced by U.K.-based Silverback Films in collaboration with World Wildlife Fund , an independent conservation group . Silverback company directors Alastair Fothergill and Keith Scholey , whose credits include ` Frozen Planet ' and ` African Cats ' as well as ` Planet Earth , ' will lead the production . ` We will reveal the most amazing sights on Earth and show them in ways they have never been seen before , ' Fothergill and Scholey promised in a statement . The series is intended to wow ` global audiences with the wonder and importance of the natural world , ' they said . ` Netflix is proud to be the global home for perhaps Silverback 's most ambitious project to date , ' said Lisa Nishimura of the streaming firm . This photo provided by Netflix/naturepl . com and WWF-International shows an African Elephant -LRB- Loxodonta africana -RRB- in front of double rainbow , in Masai Mara , Kenya , included in the Netflix natural history series , ` Our Planet , ' in collaboration with Silverback Films and WWF . The eight-part series debuts in 2019 . ` The Planet projects have enjoyed great success on Netflix and have helped launch new technologies for viewing at home . ' The firm hopes the show will boost usage of its ultra high definition 4K capabilities . ` We think watching Our Planet , fully on demand in 4K will be an unforgettable experience for our members . ' World Wildlife Fund is opening its projects in protected areas to Silverback Films and will join with the company to create multimedia storytelling on WWF 's website and other platforms . The series will introduce viewers to fragile habitats and ` precious species ' and comes at a critical time for global conservation , said Colin Butfield , WWF executive producer . It also demonstrates the growing power of new-wave TV outlets like Netflix , which are claiming turf from traditional broadcast and cable outlets . ` Our Planet ' predecessor ` Planet Earth ' was created by Silverback for the BBC network in Britain and was a hit for Discovery channel in America when it aired in 2007 .