Amazon founder Jeff Bezos was pictured enjoying a Roman holiday this week as he took a stroll around a tourist market in the Italian capital . Bezos , who is worth $ 34.7 billion from his online marketplace , blended in with the throngs of tourists at the Campo de ' Fiori on Tuesday , happily snapping pictures of the stalls with his Amazon phone and a camera . The Internet mogul was accompanied by family members and a discreet security guard as he took in the bustling market at the heart of the Eternal City . Exploring the marketplace : Billionaire Jeff Bezos takes in the ` Campo de ' Fiori ' in Rome on Tuesday as he enjoyed a spring break with family . The billionaire founder of Amazon was seen snapping away at stalls in the marketplace using both his Amazon phone and camera . Bezos , who is worth $ 34.7 billion , blended in with tourists but was also discreetly accompanied by a security guard around the Italian capital . The 51-year-old wandered around the stalls dressed casually in a pair of aviator shades and blue checked shirt with a woman and young boy before buying a few things . Campo de ' Fiori is one of the most popular tourist spots in Rome , selling a diverse array of products from the flowers that the square takes it names after to coffee pots and fake Italian soccer shirts . Bezos was not accompanied by wife of 22 years , MacKenzie . The couple have four children , three sons and a daughter adopted from China . Bezos is ranked number 15 on Forbes ' billionaires list for his vast wealth but he still suffered a knock in 2014 after dropping down the list when he lost $ 7.5 billion . The Roman holiday appeared to be a well-deserved break for Bezos whose space company , Blue Origin , announced earlier this month that it had finished work on a rocket engine for a suborbital spaceship . Blue Origin expected to begin flight tests this year . Bezos said last week that the partnership between United Launch Alliance and his company on a new rocket engine was ` incredibly exciting ' . The so-called New Shepard spaceship is designed to fly three people and/or a mix of passengers and payloads to altitudes about 62 miles -LRB- 100 km -RRB- above Earth . Bezos was spotted at the popular tourist spot , Campo de ' Fiori , in central Rome during a spring vacation . Jeff Bezo has been married to wife Mackenzie since 1993 -LRB- the couple are pictured attending the Costume Institute Gala at the Metropolitan Museum of Art on May 7 , 2012 in New York City -RRB- .