A University of South Carolina ex-sorority girl has been suspended after she was pictured writing that ` n ***** s ' were to blame for the campus 's poor Internet connection on a whiteboard in a study room . The white female student , who has not been identified , was captured in a Snapchat photo detailing several ` reasons why USC WiFi blows ' on the board at the university in Columbia , South Carolina . Her reasons included ` incompetent ' professors , ` ratchets ' , an ` overpopulated campus ' and parking . But at the top of the list was the word ` n ***** s ' . Her actions were captured by a fellow student . Scroll down for video . Suspended : This University of South Carolina student has been suspended after she was pictured writing that ` n ***** s ' were to blame for the campus 's poor Internet connection on a whiteboard in a study room . After the shocking image was posted online , the girl , who was a member of the campus 's Kappa Delta Chapter sorority until last year , was identified by other students and condemned for the slur . However , she is yet to be named by school officials . Now , university president Harris Pastides has announced that the student has been suspended - and is also facing a USC code of conduct inquiry . In a statement , Mr Pastides said : ` The unfortunate and disappointing act of a student in a study room has challenged the Carolina community to reflect on our values and tell the world what we believe . ` Respect for all is at the heart of the Carolinian Creed , the code by which we agree to abide . Racist and uncivil rhetoric have no place at the University of South Carolina . ' Campus : After the picture was posted online , the girl , who was a member of the university 's -LRB- pictured -RRB- Kappa Delta Chapter sorority until last year , was identified by other students and condemned for the slur . Shocking : The image marks the third racially-charged incident on a college campus in the past week . At Duke University , a noose was found hanging from a tree . The student responsible is no longer on campus . He added that the school 's Board of Trustees has endorsed the suspension , according to multiple media outlets . A school spokesman would not comment on whether the girl faces expulsion . The picture marks the third racially-charged incident on a college campus in the past week . Three students at Bucknell University were expelled for making racist comments during a March 20 campus radio broadcast . Meanwhile , at Duke University , a noose was found hanging from a tree . A student has admitted to placing the noose on the tree , and is no longer on campus , officials said , although disciplinary actions are pending and criminal charges are under consideration . Protest : Duke students Ashton Pemberton , left , and Denzel Caldwell rally with hundreds of others during a university-wide forum on April 1 outside Duke Chapel after the noose was discovered hanging from a tree .