Multiple ghosts supposedly inhabit an expensive New York City apartment building , which recently added Academy Award-nominated actress Jessica Chastain to its list of occupants . Two residents from the Osborne Apartments on West 57th Street in Manhattan told the New York Post of their experiences with spirits in the building . Chastain and her boyfriend , Gian Luca Passi de Preposulo , spent $ 5.1 million on an apartment that features four bedrooms and 3.5 bathrooms , Daily Mail Online reported early last month . Chastain most recently appeared on the big screen in the 2014 films Interstellar and A Most Violent Year . Purchase : Jessica Chastain recently purchased a $ 5.1 million apartment at The Osborne . The building is supposedly haunted by spirits . Friendly ghosts ? The ghosts of opera singer Johanna Gadski -LRB- left -RRB- and Alfredo Taylor -LRB- right -RRB- are thought to haunt the Osborne Apartments on West 57th Street . Residence : Chastain 's new home at The Osborne -LRB- pictured -RRB- features four bedrooms and 3.5 bathrooms . Convenient : The space is located in New York City 's Midtown neighborhood and not far from Central Park . Relax : The space features high ceiling and windows that let lots of light in . The Osborne is located close to Carnegie Hall and is a few blocks away from Columbus Circle , Central Park and Lincoln Center . One of The Osborne 's longtime residents , Naomi Guffman , recently told the Post ` I have a poltergeist ! ' She thinks the ghost is actually one of the apartment 's former tenants , Metropolitan Opera singer Johanna Gadski , according to the newspaper . The Post described Gadski as ` a red-haired practical joker ' who was killed in a 1932 Berlin car accident . Guffman told the Post ' -LSB- Me and my husband would -RSB- be standing in the hallway talking and the toilet would start to flush . ' She also described doors randomly opening and water on the stove boiling of its own accord . Retreat : Chastain and her boyfriend Gian Luca Passi de Preposulo can hideaway in one of the apartment 's four bedrooms . Classic : The apartment also features lots of wood paneling and design elements . Macabre : Ghosts supposedly inhabit The Osborne , according to some of its residents . In 1971 , fellow resident Davida Deutsch and her husband heard a booming noise the first night they spent in their apartment and woke up , the newspaper reported . The couple earlier placed a broom close by and were already aware of ghost speculation , according to the Post . The newspaper reported that the Osborne Apartments are allegedly haunted by architect Alfredo Taylor 's ghost as he takes the elevator and walks around hallways . Taylor came up with the plan for the building 's 1906 addition . Taylor is also known for being the architect behind multiple buildings in Norfolk , Connecticut . The Osborne 's resident manager John Coyne told the Post of Taylor ` I have n't come across anything strange . I do n't know if that means if he 's moved on or he 's moved out . ' MailOnline reported last month that in 1978 , the bodies of actors Gig Young and Kim Schmidt were found in an apartment at The Osborne , supposedly the result of a murder-suicide carried out by Young . Nap time : Another bedroom in the apartment is seen with windows looking out toward other New York City buildings in the neighborhood . Unwind : Chastain 's apartment also includes a sitting room with high ceilings and wood detailing .