The pictures show a caring sister helping her brother with his coat , giving him a kiss , and tenderly holding his hand as they play together . But while the scene looks idyllic , it is tinged with sadness , as Joel Wilkinson has a muscle wasting disease meaning he will eventually be left in a wheelchair and his life will be cut short . The three-year-old , from Hull , was diagnosed with Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy just six months ago after his parents , Emma , 33 , and Chris , 36 , noticed he was struggling to develop and learn to walk . They were left devastated when tests confirmed their son had the incurable condition and that is likely only to live to the age of 20 . Now , they have decided to make his short life as full of joy as possible . Joel Wilkinson , five , was diagnosed with Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy six months ago , meaning his muscles will slowly waste away . His sister Phoebe , five , adores him and cares for him as much as possible . Joel will eventually need a wheelchair and has a life expectancy of just 20 . Phoebe plays only ` muscle friendly ' games that wo n't tire her brother out - and refuses to play games at school unless Joel can join in . Phoebe makes sure her brother is thoroughly looked after - she helps him put on his shoes , fasten up his coat -LRB- left -RRB- , fetches his cereal in the morning and plays with him in the garden -LRB- right -RRB- . Thankfully Joel 's big sister , Phoebe , five , adores her brother and makes sure he is thoroughly looked after - she helps him put on his shoes , fasten up his coat and even helps fetch him his cereals in the morning . Mrs Wilkinson said : ` We were heart broken when we discovered that Joel had such an awful terminal disease . ` We told Phoebe as soon as Joel was diagnosed that he had a problem with his muscles and that they 're weaker than normal . ` It was important she understood so they could play games that would n't tire him such as playing with toys and painting . ` We 've told them both that the doctors are trying to find a medicine to help . ` She now only plays `` muscle friendly '' games that do n't involve Joel running around and getting extremely tired . ` Phoebe loves her little brother so much and she even takes care of him when they are both at school as they share break times together . Duchenne muscular dystrophy is an inherited disorder that causes progressive muscle weakness . It usually only affects boys -LRB- around one in 3,500 -RRB- , although girls can carry the defective gene . Although not apparent at birth symptoms appear in early childhood . Boys with Duchenne 's will have difficulty with walking , jumping and climbing stairs . The disorder is diagnosed via a blood test and muscle tissue sample . Sufferers are likely to need increasing help and treatments from the age of nine . Walking becomes difficult and a wheelchair is usually needed by the age of 12 . As patients go through their teenage years they are more likely to suffer from complications such as chest infections . Most most people with Duchennes survive well into their 20s and sometimes longer . The eventual cause of death is usually a severe chest infection at the stage when lung function is already poor . ` She openly tells their friends that she wo n't join in with any games unless Joel can keep up too . ` It 's such a relief knowing that she 's keeping an eye on him when I 'm not around . ' Mr and Mrs Wilkinson found out their son Joel had Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy just before his third birthday last year . The condition affects around one in 3,500 and causes difficulties with movement , meaning a wheelchair is normally needed by the age of 12 . Mrs Wilkinson said she hopes there will be a scientific breakthrough before that point . She said : ` His only hope is that researchers have a breakthrough in time to save him and the hundreds of other boys who have this terrible disease . ` Joel will lose the use of his legs first , leaving him wheelchair-bound , and then other muscles thereafter . Eventually , his heart and lungs will fail . At first Joel 's parents thought he was a late developer but when at six months he could n't sit and by two he could n't walk they knew something was seriously wrong . Mrs Wilkinson said : ` Results from the blood test in July said he had muscle dystrophy , but it was n't until the end of September , after more tests , that we found out it was Duchenne . ' The disease , which results in muscle degeneration , has already left Joel unable to get up the stairs or walk long distances . Mrs Wilkinson added : ` Joel struggles to stand up and despite only being three he looks like a little old man when he tries to get up . ` It 's an awful illness but we are going to ensure that Joel has the best life and with Phoebe 's help we know he 'll enjoy every second . ` Phoebe will often clear away both of their toys so that her little brother does n't get too tired . ` She will help him put on his shoes , fasten his coat and even helps him with his cereals in the morning . ` When I tell them both to tidy up their toys Phoebe will instantly stick up for him and say `` what about his weak muscles '' . Emma Wilkinson , 33 , and her husband Chris , 36 , realised there was something wrong with their son when Joel was n't developing properly . The family have now decided to make Joel 's short life full of joy . As well as playing with her brother at home , Phoebe looks after Joel at school , spending break times with him . ` It 's adorable but he 's so spoilt . ' Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy occurs mainly in boys and although it can be inherited it often occurs with no known family history of the condition . Mrs Wilkinson said this was the case for her and her husband , so they were shocked when Joel was diagnosed . She said : ` We have no family history of the condition so it has been such a shock for us to come to terms with but that 's why we 've set up the Joy for Joel appeal . ' The family have set up at online fundraising website to ensure Joel he gets the specialist treatment he needs to make his life as comfortable as possible . ` We need funds to help Joel be as independent as possible when he grows up and so we can adapt our home , ' Mrs Wilkinson explained . ` When he 's older we will need a special hoist and a bedroom and wet room downstairs . ' Until then , the family are focusing on creating as many memories as possible with Joel while he has some muscle function . Mrs Wilkinson said : ` Thanks to Phoebe , Joel has a constant play mate and she helps him ensure he gets the most out of the time he has being able to move his muscles . ` There is n't any medication Joel can take that will slow down his muscle deterioration so we have to watch helplessly as he slowly becomes weaker . ` But we 're trying to keep positive and with the help of Phoebe we are getting through it as a family . ' There is no cure for Duchenne 's , nor any medication that can slow his muscle deterioration . But thanks to Phoebe , Joel has a constant playmate . Often Phoebe will clear up Joel 's toys after they have played together so he does n't become to fatigued . ` It 's adorable but he 's so spoilt , ' Mrs Wilkinson said . Mr Wilkinson , who works in IT development support at a logistics company , said : ` We can not put into words the heartache and devastation Joel 's diagnosis is causing us . ` Being unable to help , mend and protect your child is soul-destroying . ` The only thing we can do is bring joy to the time he has . ' Families in a similar position can find support by contacting Muscular Dystrophy UK . Robert Meadowcroft , chief executive of the charity , said : ` Hearing that your child has a rare muscle-wasting condition can be a huge shock for parents . ` Families time and time again tell us about the importance of having a strong network in place . ` For many parents , family members and charities like Muscular Dystrophy UK , can play a major role in providing that much needed emotional support and practical help , throughout this journey . ` Many families have told us how they are struck by the sense of acceptance and resilience that a sibling can display as their brother or sister gradually gets weaker . ` Siblings can be very protective and supportive of each other , and will often find imaginative ways to play and have fun together despite mobility issues . ` This can be a huge source of comfort and reassurance for parents . ' To donate visit : http://www.joyforjoel.co.uk .