A notorious thug who once survived a gangland hit has been banned from every pub and club in Manchester after ramming his car into nightclub doors when his friend was refused entry . David Totton , 36 , admitted driving a hired white Peugeot RCZ into the doors of Club Liv , a nightspot popular with footballers in central Manchester , at around 3 am on August 31 last year . Totton , who survived being shot in the head in 2006 as part of a suspected assassination attempt , tried to claim the attack had been meant as ` a joke ' , but a judge ruled otherwise . David Totton , 36 , admitted driving a rented white Peugeot RCZ into the doors of Club Liv in Manchester -LRB- pictured -RRB- after bouncers refused to let his friend come inside . Totton was walking through Manchester city centre when he saw his friend , who was not named , in an altercation with door staff so he went over to act as ` peace-maker ' The attack began in the early hours of August 31 as Totton was walking past St Peter 's Street when he saw a friend having an argument with club bouncers , Manchester Crown Court heard . He went over to remonstrate with the bouncers and act as ` peace-maker ' , but was told because it was late nobody else was being allowed in . Totton , who has a well-known history of violence , was told to leave as well , and the doormen eventually closed and locked the doors in order to prevent an altercation . Recognising Totton , who has a long history of violence , staff closed and locked the doors . Totton the drove his car on to the pavement at low speed before ` nudging ' the doors with his bumper . Instead of leaving , Totton knocked on the window of the club asking for the doorman to come out , and when he refused , Totton calmly walked back to his car and climbed inside . He then drove up to the club doors at a low speed before nudging his front bumper against them . After the doormen still failed to come outside he drove off , and later handed himself over to police , telling officers it was ` a prank ' and he did n't mean to intimidate anyone . Prosecuting , Simon Barrett said : ` The defendant was recognised by one of the door staff as someone who was barred . ` Then the gentleman who was with the defendant became aggressive and abusive towards staff and because of that and previous incidents the door staff took the decision to bring in the barriers and to lock the doors to avoid confrontation . ` This defendant can be seen tapping on the window to speak to the doorman and then left . ' He added : ` He got in the driver 's side of the vehicle then then collided with the front of a taxi then went forward before reversing again back up Peter Street to where he was adjacent with Club Liv . ` He proceeded to move towards the doors of the nightclub , mounting the pavement , approaching with the vehicle the doors of the nightclub and nudging the doors . ` This is done very slowly . It is not an intention to cause injury , more an intimidation of door staff . ' Defending Totton , who has 24 convictions for 80 offences , James Harrison said : ` It was a prank , albeit one not understood by the defendant to have the potential for intimidation . Totton -LRB- whose car is pictured mounting the pavement bottom left -RRB- eventually gave up and left , but handed himself over to police later , admitting that he committed the offence as ` a prank ' A judge at Manchester Crown Court refused to accept Totton 's claims the attack was meant as a joke , and instead handed him a suspended prison sentence and banned him from driving for three years . ` He now recognises it did have . He of course acknowledges that what he did will have had an effect to those people behind the door . Hindsight is a wonderful thing . ` Given his offending history and past use of violence to door men it would be thought the gesture will have been thought of as a method of intimidation . ' Totton -LRB- pictured -RRB- is a notorious figure , having survived a gangland assassination attempt in 2006 during which he was shot in the head . Recorder John Michael Murray said : ` I have seen the CCTV which in my judgement puts the incident into a proper context . ` I am satisfied that you did not drive at speed and from footage appears the manoeuvre was at a slow speed . There is no evidence of people jumping out of the way . ` I am satisfied that what you did was designed to intimidate - it was obviously a deliberate act . As I said to counsel earlier it was clearly arrogant . ` I do not regard is as being a prank as seems to be suggested . It is a criminal offence . ' Totton was also ordered to carry out 100 hours of unpaid work in the community and was disqualified from driving for three years . He was also handed a criminal behaviour order barring from entering any pubs , bars or clubs in Manchester city centre , between 9 pm and 7 am , for two years . Totton survived an infamous shooting in March 2006 when two gunmen burst into the Brass Handles pub in Manchester where Totton was watching a football match with friends . The men , Richard Austin , 19 , and Carlton Alveranga , 20 were guided to Totton 's table by a female ` spotter ' positioned behind him who was sending them text messages . Totton was shot three times , including once in the head , while a friend of his was shot another five times , but both survived . Meanwhile Alveranga 's gun jammed , and the two men were disarmed , shot with their own weapons and then beaten to death on a grass verge outside . The attack is believed to have taken place after Totton got into a row with gang boss Ian McLeod , again after a row outside a nightclub . Seven months after the attack , Totton was jailed for four-and-a-half years for battering two car park attendants into the Grosvenor Casino in Manchester . The pair were attacked as they tired to help security guard eject Totton and his friends . Totton was previous jailed for attacking two parking attendants at the Grosvenor Casino in Manchester after they came over to help eject him and his friends -LRB- pictured -RRB- .