Harry Kane will play for England 's Under 21 team in this summer 's European Championships after holding talks with Gareth Southgate . England 's head coach Roy Hodgson has confirmed that Kane , 21 , will join up with the junior squad when he returns from Tottenham 's post-season trip to Malaysia and Australia . Kane made an instant impact on the England team with a goal on his debut against Lithuania at Wembley and he has impressed with his committed attitude . Harry Kane , in action for England against Italy , will play for the U21s at this year 's European Championships . Kane made his first start for England against Italy after coming off the bench , and scoring , against Lithuania . Hodgson said : ` Harry wants to finish the job he has done , but the main reason is because Harry wants to go with the Under 21s . ` He has been a major part of their qualifying campaign for the last 18 months . He 's even had to work his way into the team and in my conversations with him it has been pretty obvious to me he would like to play in this tournament . ` We will miss him because he has done well for us in these 10 days . But I said very early on I was more than happy to accept Gareth would have the first pick of Harry certainly and people like John Stones might come into that category . ` So if Gareth wants to pick them , that is fine by me . He is going to be important for Gareth I know . ' Ross Barkley is excused from the championships despite being eligible to play for Gareth Southgate 's side . Raheem Sterling , who missed England 's draw in Italy , will also be absent from this summer 's tournament . Although Southgate will turn to Kane this summer , Everton midfielder Ross Barkley and Liverpool forward Raheem Sterling - both eligible for the European Championship - will both be excused . Kane will be in the squad , despite a warning from Spurs manager Mauricio Pochettino that his forward risks burn-out if he is forced to play through the summer . Hodgson added : ` I 'm not a great lover of the burn-out argument , I 've got to say . If you want to be an international player then you 've got to accept football tournaments take place in the summer at the end of the season . ` In my lifetime in football , as soon as the season has finished footballers have gone to tournaments , so anyone who wants to be a top-class international footballer and really believes he can help his country get to these tournaments , ca n't then come and talk about burn-out . ` I would like to think that if the Under 21s can continue to do as well as they have been doing , and Harry can play an important part and maybe help them go far in the tournament , that certainly wo n't hurt his chances in the first national team and I am happy to back him . ' Kane , pictured in action against Leicester in March , has been hugely impressive for Tottenham this season . Kane , celebrating after he scored against Arsenal in February , will be available to play for the Under 21s .