Ed Miliband today refused to guarantee that Harriet Harman would become Deputy Prime Minister if Labour wins the general election . Just hours before the party launched its women 's manifesto , the Labour leader declined several chances to say that his deputy would get the second most powerful job if he gets to Number 10 . The snub comes just three days after Miss Harman made clear that she intended to take the role were Labour to make it back into power . Ed Miliband today refused to confirm that deputy Labour leader Harriet Harman would become Deputy Prime Minister if Labour wins the general election . Miss Harman has previously suggested that Gordon Brown 's refusal in 2007 to maker her Deputy PM was sexist . Today Mr Miliband also refused to guarantee her the role . He told BBC Radio 4 's Woman 's Hour : ` Well she 's the shadow deputy Prime Minister at the moment . ` I 've made a sort of self-denying ordinance which is that I do n't do what I call measuring the curtains , which is starting to presume the result of the election on May 7th . ` Harriet is an incredibly strong , incredible asset to our party , I ca n't say fairer than that , but I 'm not going to start anticipating what might happen after the election . ' His remarks will infuriate Miss Harman , who told the BBC 's Andrew Marr show on Sunday that she intended to become Deputy Prime Minister . ` Well I 'm Shadow Deputy Prime Minister and I hope that we 'll get into government , ' she said . Last year Miss Harman used a speech to criticise Mr Brown for not making her Deputy PM when she was elected Labour 's deputy leader . ` Imagine my surprise when having won a hard-fought election to succeed John Prescott as deputy leader of the Labour Party , I discovered that I was not to succeed him as deputy prime minister , ' she said . ` If one of the men had won the deputy leadership would that have happened ? Would they have put up with it ? I doubt it . ' While refusing to guarantee the job to Miss Harman , Mr Miliband has given stronger assurance to shadow Chancellor Ed Balls that he will have the top job at the Treasury , however . Last month he said : ` I 'll tell you who is going to be writing a Labour Budget -- it 's me and Ed Balls , not Alex Salmond in a million years . ' Miss Harman is touring the UK in a pink bus which is meant to showcase ` women 's issues ' but has been derided for being patronising to female voters . Mr Miliband also defended Miss Harman 's ` pink bus ' , saying he ` loved it ' but had not yet been on board . The pink bus -- which is meant to showcase ` women 's issues ' - has been derided for being patronising to female voters . But Mr Miliband defended it , saying at least it ` provoked ' a conversation . ` I love the pink bus , I am aspiring to go on it . ' He also hit out at suggestions that his wife Justine Thornton had fallen into the ` trap ' of being an accessory on the campaign trail , insisting she cared deeply about the country . ` I 'd like to see anyone try and stop Justine taking part in this campaign because she 'd tell them what for ... . She is not part of the padding , she is her own person . ' Mr Miliband added that she was a ` very successful environmental lawyer ' who has recently had her ` biggest case which was about defending Columbian farmers from the might of BP ' . Asked about his complicated former love life -- including a tryst with former Newsnight economics editor Stephanie Flanders - being played out in the press , Mr Miliband insisted it did not bother him . ` The people I feel sorry for are the people who I have been out with in the past because I am a public figure and they are not . ' The Labour leader also admitted his main ` frustration ' with his job was not being able to spend enough time with his sons , Daniel , 5 and Samuel , 4 . Mr Miliband admitted that he would be hit by his planned Mansion Tax on his £ 2million north London home . Presenter Jenni Murray told Mr Miliband when she looked at his young sons , she thought of the pressures that had befallen Euan Blair . Mr Miliband admitted : ` It 's hard this , I know my first responsibility is to be their dad and I take that incredibly seriously . If I have one frustration about this job , it 's making the time for them . I do n't want to be an absent father but I am definitely not going to let that happen . ' One of Labour 's own policies would end up costing his family more , Mr Miliband admitted . He said his own north London townhouse : ` I think I 'll be in the £ 2m to £ 3m band which is £ 250 a month . But that is a difference at this election : I believe that people who are well-off , people in my position , should pay a little bit more for the NHS ; David Cameron wants to cut taxes further for those who are better off like himself . ' Mr Miliband also insisted that he and his older brother were ` moving on ' from the Labour contest , in which Ed Miliband was the surprise victor . Asked why , as his critics said , he had ` stabbed ' his brother David in the front to go for the Labour leadership , Mr Miliband said : ` What drove me to it is a sense that the Labour Party needed to move on from New Labour . I had strong and deep beliefs about how the country needed to change . ' He denied his mother had been too troubled by it , saying ` My mum is pretty stoical . She has faced much harder things to deal with in her life . ' Mr Miliband also pledged to try and scrap the ` ridiculous ' tampon tax . Currently , sanitary products attract VAT of 5 per cent . He said : ` We reduced it to 5 per cent , I 'd like to go further . I ca n't promise I will go further because there are these rules in place , but I will keep trying , because it seems to me a ridiculous that you have VAT at all on this , ' he said .