Jordan Morris scored early in the second half and Juan Agudelo added his first international goal in four years as the United States beat Mexico . Morris , a 20-year-old thought to be the first university student to make the US side in at least two decades , pounced on a ball that ricocheted off defender Mario Osuna in the 49th minute and beat goalkeeper Cirilo Saucedo from close range . Agudelo replaced Morris in the 65th and scored seven minutes later with a low shot from just outside the penalty area , his third international goal and first since March 2011 . Jordan Morris celebrates firing USA ahead early in the second half . Morris is the first university student to be picked by USA in two decades . Juan Agudelo is mobbed by team-mates after he scored his first international goal since 2011 . Agudelo replaced Morris in the 65th minute and scored seven minutes later . Michael Bradley made a long pass from midfield and Agudelo controlled it just outside the area . He cut inside with half a dozen touches and beat Saucedo to the near post with a low shot from 19 yards . It was the third international goal for Agudelo and first since March 2011 . Playing his second international match since November 2012 and his first since March last year , he dropped to his knees and was mobbed by a group of teammates . The US has beaten Mexico by 2-0 in four straight home World Cup qualifiers , all in Columbus , Ohio . Jurgen Klinsmann played a mix a young players and experienced internationals in the win over Mexico . United States fans turn out in force to watch their side in San Antonio , Texas . With the U.S. looking ahead to this summer 's CONCACAF Gold Cup , Jurgan Klinsmann mixed a squad of veterans and young players . Morris , who trained with the national team last May and made his debut at Ireland in November , started because captain Clint Dempsey is sidelined by a hamstring injury and Jozy Altidore was serving a one-game suspension for a red card . Mexico 's best chance came late in the first half when Eduardo Herrera ran into the penalty area and poked a low cross past goalkeeper Nick Rimando into the side netting . El Tri had complained about the field conditions on Tuesday and by game time the grass was uneven , with large brown and dirt patches causing players to slip and stumble several times .