It has been almost 90 years since the electricity pylon as we know it was introduced into the UK . Thousands of the 165ft towers line the land , spoiling scenes of beauty with a cat 's cradle of high-voltage cables . But their days are numbered after a more elegant design was seen in action for the first time yesterday -- complete with a pair of distinctive ` earrings ' . Scroll down for video . National Grid has revealed the UK 's first new pylon for nearly 90 years . Called the T-pylon -LRB- artist 's illustration shown -RRB- it is a third shorter than the old lattice pylons . But it is able to carry just as much power - 400,000 volts . It is designed to be less obtrusive and will be used for clean energy purposes . National Grid is building a training line of the less obtrusive T-pylons at their Eakring training academy in Nottinghamshire . Britain 's first pylon , erected in July 1928 near Edinburgh , was designed by architectural luminary Sir Reginald Blomfield , inspired by the Greek root of the word ` pylon ' -LRB- meaning gateway of an Egyptian temple -RRB- . The campaign against them - they were unloved even then - was run by Rudyard Kipling , John Maynard Keynes and Hilaire Belloc . Five years later , the biggest peacetime construction project seen in Britain , the connection of 122 power stations by 4,000 miles of cable , was completed . It marked the birth of the National Grid and was a major stoking of the nation 's industrial engine and a vital asset during the Second World War . There are now more than 88,000 pylons in the UK , including 22,000 on National Grid 's main transmission network in England and Wales . These stand some 50 metres high , weigh around 30 tonnes and carry up to 400,000 volts of electricity over thousands of kilometres to some of the most exposed , weather-beaten parts of Britain . Each T-pylon measures about 115ft -LRB- 35 metres -RRB- tall - about a third shorter than the old pylons , which were about 165ft -LRB- 50 metres -RRB- tall . The design is a T-shape , with two ` hanging baskets ' either side holding the various wires and cables needed to transmit electricity . T-pylons were the winners of a 2011 design competition to develop a new pylon that could deal with changing sources of electricity - namely , greener sources such as wind and solar power . ` We 've been able to answer `` yes '' to the hundreds of questions that need to be asked before we can introduce a new type of pylon , ' said David Wright , Director of Electricity Transmission Asset Management at National Grid . ` The training line has enabled us to learn so many lessons about how to manufacture and build the T-pylon . ` I 'm incredibly proud of the high standard of engineering that brought us to this point . ' Despite being shorter , the new tower is able to transport a similar amount of power to its predecessor - 400,000 volts - and each arm can support 60 tonnes of weight . The simplistic design , composed mostly of just eight components , means new T-pylons can be erected in just a single day , rather than a whole week for older pylons . National Grid is building a training line of six T-pylons at their Eakring training academy in Nottinghamshire . Despite being shorter , the new tower is able to transport a similar amount of power to its predecessor - 400,000 volts - and each arm can support 60 tonnes of weight . Despite being shorter , the new tower is able to transport a similar amount of power to its predecessor - 400,000 volts - and each arm can support 60 tonnes of weight . T-pylons were the winners of a 2011 design competition to develop a new pylon that could deal with changing sources of electricity -LRB- others shown right -RRB- . The simplistic design , composed mostly of just eight components , means new T-pylons can be erected in just a single day , rather than a whole week for older pylons . Maintenance is also easier , as engineers do not need to climb the pylons , but can simply work on them from an elevated platform . The new pylons wo n't replace the 88,000 lattice pylons currently in use ; rather , the National Grid will use them separately . National Grid plans to use the first operational T-pylons with the Hinkley Point C nuclear power station in Somerset . ` We developed the new type of pylon so that we could have a 21st century design to offer as we plan new transmission routes , ' added Mr Wright . ` The T-pylon is not a replacement for the steel lattice pylon but it 's a new option and in some landscapes its shorter height and sleeker appearance can offer real advantages . ' The new pylons wo n't replace the 88,000 lattice pylons currently in use ; rather , the National Grid will use them separately . They plan to use the first T-pylons with the Hinkley Point C nuclear power station in Somerset . Today there are more than 88,000 lattice pylons in the UK , including 22,000 on National Grid 's main transmission network in England and Wales . These stand some 165ft -LRB- 50 metres -RRB- high , weigh around 30 tonnes and carry up to 400,000 volts of electricity over thousands of kilometres .