A ` promising ' young Indian cricketer has died after colliding with a team-mate while attempting to take a catch during a club match in Kolkata . The Board of Control for Cricket In India confirmed on their official Twitter account that 20-year-old Ankit Keshri had passed away after suffering ` a cardiac arrest following on-field injury ' . According to reports , Keshri collided with a team-mate as they both attempted to take a catch in a senior one-day match match in Kolkata -LRB- formerly Calcutter -RRB- on Friday , and though he regained consciousness afterwards , he died in hospital on Monday . Keshri was only playing as a substitute fielder . Ankit Keshri had passed away after suffering a cardiac arrest following an on-field injury in Kolkata . Former national team captain Sachin Tendulkar , the highest runscorer in Test and one-day international history , was among several India stars to offer their condolences at the news . Tendulkar tweeted : ` Saddened by the demise of Ankit Keshri . A promising career aborted by an unfortunate incident on field . ` May God give strength to Ankit 's family and friends to cope with this loss #RIP ' Current India batsman Ajinkya Rahane said : ` Very sad to know about Ankit Keshri . Strength to his family and friends . RIP . ' Manoj Tiwary , who has played nine one day internationals for India , wrote : ` I 'm shocked 2 hear d news of Under-19 player from bengal named Ankit kesri 's demise due to heart attack . My deepest condolences goes out 2 Ankit kesri 's family nd frnds . ` A promising player who scored loads of runs at under 19 level nd he wud hav surely played 4 senior bengal in 2 years time . Rest in peace younger brother . ' The 20-year-old died after colliding with a team-mate while attempting to take a catch during a club match . The tragedy comes five months after Australia batsman Phillip Hughes died aged 25 after being hit on the neck by a bouncer in a Sheffield Shield match . Keshri was considered an up-and-coming talent on the Indian cricket scene . The right-hander was captain of the Bengal Under-19 team , and was short-listed for India 's under-19 team for the 2014 Colts World Cup . ` It 's so unfortunate , ' said the Bengal cricket association 's Subir Ganguly . ` He was such a promising cricketer and for him to pass away in such a manner is difficult to swallow . ' India cricket legend Sachin Tendulkar is among several stars to have given tributes about Keshri .