Jonathan Davies has warned Saracens that Clermont Auvergne are ` sharpening the blade ' ahead of Saturday 's Champions Cup semi-final having made easy meat of Northampton . Clermont thrashed the English champions 37-5 in the last-eight tie at the Stade Marcel-Michelin and - with a place at the Twickenham final in sight - the French outfit are now plotting the downfall of the Aviva Premiership 's second best side . Both clubs are going in search of their first-ever European crown and , after leaving Wales in search of continental success last summer , Davies is determined to deliver another perfect performance in Saint Etienne . Jonathan Davies says Clermont are relishing Champions Cup semi-final against Northampton . ` The plan is to replicate the Northampton display , ' said Davies . ` People talk about it as the complete performance , but we should always expect to deliver that sort of intensity , accuracy and execution . It was n't a surprise to me . ` There is an expectation on us but we can use that as a positive - we 're in a good place at the moment . We got some quality training in at the start of this week and we can really sharpen the blade on Thursday and Friday . When Saturday comes , everyone is on the same page to deliver and execute . ' Despite this weekend 's fixture being played at a ` neutral ' venue , Clermont are expecting more supporters than at a typical sell-out fixture at their 18,000-capacity home ground . It is a 90-mile drive from the industrial town to the Stade Geoffroy-Guichard , where the Top 14 side are aiming to make amends for last year 's semi-final defeat at the hands of Saracens . Clermont are aiming to make amends for last year 's semi-final defeat at the hands of Saracens . ` For 18,000 people to make that much noise in the quarter-final was quite special , ' said Davies . ` Hopefully they 'll be even louder in St Etienne . The home crowd put out a rallying call ; it 's a very proud area and there are expectations . ` It 's nice to have that burden of making sure you deliver . Over the last few years we have n't done that , but this year there is an edge and clarity . It 's good to draw on past experiences to help with the now . We all know what we want to achieve . ' According to Davies , the Clermont gameplan is simple : build an early lead , ease the pressure and force Saracens to run the ball rather than kick . The 27-year-old wants to nullify the aerial threat of half-backs Richard Wigglesworth and Charlie Hodgson , with Owen Farrell 's return to the bench adding to yesterday 's good news that George Kruis has signed a long-term contract extension . Clermont thrashed English champions Northampton in the previous round . While Saracens are flying the English flag in Europe 's premier competition , Exeter are preparing to face Gloucester in the second-tier Challenge Cup . Having overcome Lions and Northampton front-row Alex Corbisiero in the scrum on Sunday , it will be another chance for Anglo-Welsh tight-head Tomas Francis to impress . The Yorkshire-born Chief trained with Wales during the RBS 6 Nations , however he is still eligible to play for England . Warren Gatland has earmarked the 22-year-old for the World Cup but - while his loyalties now sway towards Wales -- 21st2lb Francis would be open to a phonecall from the England coaches . ` I have spoken to England in the past but no real conversations , ' revealed Francis . ` Back in the autumn , they said I was on the radar . Wales were in touch around the same time , but my body was not ready for the next step up from the Championship . ` At the minute , Wales are the ones in touch . If it came around then I would be happy to speak to Stuart Lancaster and I would have to think about it again . Growing up I probably dreamt of playing for England , but I have already been to train with Wales so there is a loyalty towards them now . '