Pete Evans has shared two incredible stories on social media featuring women who claim that the Paleo diet has helped alleviate the symptoms of the incurable disease , multiple sclerosis . A 30-year-old woman , known only as Hollie , wrote that she thought her life was over when she was diagnosed with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis in September 2013 . She said that she endured months of constant dizziness , altered temperature perception , extreme fatigue , numbness in her legs and feet and fell into a period of depression . But after jumping on the Paleo diet bandwagon , Hollie claims she has not suffered any MS symptoms over the past 12 months , her depression has gone and she feels healthier than ever . Hollie 's experience led the Sydney celebrity chef to share her testimonial with his 868,000-plus followers on Facebook on Saturday . Scroll down for video . Pete Evans has shared an incredible story about a woman who claims she no longer suffers multiple sclerosis . The Paleo diet has been one of the hottest diet trends around , with celebrity followers taking on the lifestyle . ` WOW this is powerful story on MS , thanks for sharing Hollie . . it will make your heart sing . . it has mine , please tag and share wide ! ' Evans wrote . The Australian chef also shared a similarly remarkable testimony by Marg , another MS sufferer . The woman claimed she has seen significant health improvements after being on Evans ' 10 weeks Paleo program . ` I have had a lot of health issues the past years , mainly auto-immune stuff including MS , ' she wrote in the online post on Tuesday . The celebrity chef has been a proud Paleo advocate . ` Having MS means I 'm always sapped of energy , have numbness , pins and needles , pain , poor concentration , etc. . Not any more ! ' Marg says she was recently able to walk up and down a flight of 811 stairs . ` No way on earth I could have done that 10 weeks ago , ' she wrote . ` My concentration and memory is much better and I can also plan better . I 'm not off my MS meds yet but I am off my Thyroid and Reflux meds . ` Thanks so much Pete and team for helping me get my life back . You 've made this road so easy . As an added bonus I 've gone from a size 16 to a size 12 . ' The revelation comes after the outspoken Paleo advocate posted a 2,100 word rant on social media claiming that the modern Australian diet is behind the rise in autism . The My Kitchen Rules judge has drawn criticism from health experts for promoting the benefits of a ` caveman diet ' that cuts out grains , legumes , sugar and dairy . But Hollie has praised Evans for his endorsement of the controversial diet , saying ` the way you are changing the lives of others by leading an example is remarkable ' . ` I have been inspired by your encouragement , great recipes and educated by the accurate information you provide , ' Hollie wrote . ` Pete , I thank you so very much for bringing paleo in to the mainstream - people no longer look at me as though I 'm a weirdo -LSB- sic -RSB- for following this way of life . ' In another recent Facebook post , the Australian chef shared a similarly remarkable testimony by Marg who also suffers from MS . Evans has drawn criticism from health experts for promoting a controversial caveman ` diet ' However associate professor of dietetics and human n at LaTrobe University , Catherine Itsiopoulos , pointed out that Hollie 's diet might have been unhealthy before adapting the Paleo lifestyle . ` Her diet may have been poor previously , ' Dr Itsiopoulos told Daily Mail Australia . ` There are so many factors to pinpoint - specifically how her condition changed and we do n't know what her diet and eating habits were like before . ` By eating lean meat , good oil and high intake of bioactive plants such as leafy and root vegetables - could all have a beneficial effect because all of these foods work significantly well together . ` But we do n't actually know if her condition is cured so it 's hard to advocate on because there 's no scientific evidence to back this up . ' The Paleo diet has been one of the hottest diet trends around and has attracted a raft of celebrity followers even as some health professionals urge caution about interpreting results from the eating plan . ` Celebrity chefs have used their power to influence the public on health and well-being , in particular education on food and cooking but they need to focus on the evidence , ' Dr Itsiopoulos said . ` I would n't say Paleo is dangerous . Paleo fits into the fad diets because of the concept around it - it provides quick results to weight loss but we still need more evidence . ` But adding food such as lean meat , seafood and nuts to your diet , it does bring out positive things to your lifestyle but it 's hard to comment on how Hollie 's condition has changed . ' The Paleo lifestyle , which Evans is a long-time supporter of , bans all dairy , grains , preservatives and sugar . The Paleo advocate has been encouraging hundreds and thousands of Australians to embrace the lifestyle . Professor of Population Health and Nutrition at the University of South Australia Kerin O'Dea said while the diet seemed to have worked for Hollie , it might not work for others . ` Pete can share whatever he likes to his followers but there 's never going to be one magic bullet to cure an illness or a serious disease , ' Dr O'Dea told Daily Mail Australia . ` Someone reporting an anecdote might be true in one person 's case but it 's very difficult to imply it to others , which can be quite misleading for people . ` They could feel failure when it does n't work for them , especially when they try to cure a serious condition like this . ` I would n't recommend any particular diet for anyone suffering any type of illnesses . ' The Paleo style of eating , which Pete Evans is a proud supporter of , has been sweeping across the globe . The Paleo style of eating , which Evans is a proud supporter of , has been sweeping across the globe with its focus on high intake of meat , fish , eggs , vegetables , some fruits , seeds and nuts . But Dr O'Dea said the modern Paleo diet does not quite follow the way how Palaeolithic ancestors lived from more than two million years ago . ` One of the things that impresses me is the meat at that time was completely different to today 's meat , ' Dr O'Dea said . ` The modern Paleo diet consists of just lean meat but our ancestors ate everything edible , including organs , brains , livers and fat from the carcass of wild animals . ` From my studies and experiences , our ancestors did eat wheat - an equivalent to grains and also yams - which is highly nutritionist . ' Daily Mail Australia has contacted Pete Evans and Multiple Sclerosis Australia for comment .