You may think that driving goggles belong to the days when cars were rare on the roads and people dressed in flying jackets to go for a quick drive . But the vintage eyewear may be set to make a comeback in a new hi-tech form , because BMW Mini has produced concept smart specs to give drivers super-human powers such as X-ray-like vision . BMW Group 's answer to Google Glass is designed to let drivers of its Mini model see pop-up virtual displays for directions and other features -- and the Elvis-esque glasses can also be worn out of the car . Vintage driving goggles may be set to make a comeback , because BMW Mini has produced concept smart specs -LRB- pictured -RRB- to give drivers super-human powers in the car . It calls them a ` revolutionary display concept offering enhanced comfort and safety ' . The Augmented Vision goggles will go on show at the Auto Shanghai show and generate ` screens ' showing information that only the wearer can see . For example , the goggles can project navigation information with arrows onto the roads , as well as showing speed limits and even point out local landmarks . BMW Group 's answer to Google Glass is designed to let drivers of its Mini model see pop-up virtual displays for showing maps and other features -- and the Elvis-style glasses -LRB- pictured -RRB- can also be worn out of the car . The goggles can project navigation information with arrows onto the roads , as well as show speed limits -LRB- both pictured -RRB- and even point out local landmarks . Driving goggles were worn by racing drivers and wealthy motorists who owned early cars , so keep bugs and flying debris out of their eyes . This image from 1924 shows Enzo Ferrari testing an Alfa-Romeo in Italy . Information such as speed and speed limits are shown on the heads-up display so the data is in the driver 's primary field of view and they do n't have to take their eyes off the road . Navigation arrows are shown ` on ' the road to show drivers the way , and local landmarks labelled too . An icon is shown on the smartphone-linked display when the wearer receives a text message and the message can be read out by the car . An X-ray view lets wearers see external objects concealed by the car , such as high kerbs and small bollards which may be an obstacle when getting out of the car . An ` Augmented Parking ' feature projects images obtained from a camera on the far side mirror to the glasses to help drivers park close the curb . The idea is that the eyewear shows relevant information in the driver 's direct field of vision , without obscuring other road users in a bid to boost safety . Data such as speed , is shown just above the wheel , near to the physical dashboard they drivers would usually check without the aid of glasses . The goggles are connected to a smartphone so that wearers see an icon when they have a new text message , which can be read out in the car . Users can select a mode to help them park . A setting called Augmented Parking , shows the driver the distance to the curb , by projecting images obtained from a camera on the far side mirror on the glasses . And the glasses also give drivers X-ray-like vision , by letting users see external objects concealed by the car . The feature could stop people opening their car door into low bollards and high curbs , for example . ` Mini Augmented Vision gives an insight into how intelligent connectivity between a Mini car and eyewear into which relevant content is projected might work in the future , ' said Dr Jörg Preißinger , project-manager of Mini Augmented Vision , BMW Group research and technology . The Augmented Vision goggles -LRB- pictured -RRB- will go on show at the Auto Shanghai show and generate ` screens ' showing information that only the wearer can see . The idea is that the eyewear shows relevant information in the driver 's direct field of vision but without obscuring other road users in a bid to boost safety . The smart specs can be worn outside the car -LRB- pictured -RRB- too . Free parking spaces are highlighted in the driver 's field of view so they can spot a space more easily , and a setting , called Augmented Parking , shows the driver the distance to the curb so that an ` X-ray ' view shows them outside the car - this is illustrated above by showing a waiting dog outside the car . ` Working with several Qualcomm companies , we have created an interlinked system and augmented reality eyewear with a characteristic Mini design that revolutionise the experience both in and outside the vehicle . ' BMW Mini does n't reveal much about how the goggles could be used outside the car , but shows an image of a man in art gallery , hinting that extra features could be unlocked together with using a smartphone . They are a prototype created by the car manufacturer and Qualcomm Connected Experiences , and there is no news about whether the goggles will ever go on sale . But Jay Wright , VP Qualcomm Connected Experiences , said : ` BMW Mini Augmented Vision offers a compelling example of what 's possible today , and what we can expect in the future . ' BMW Mini does n't reveal much about how the goggles could be used outside the car , but shows an image of a man in art gallery -LRB- pictured -RRB- , hinting that features could be unlocked together with using a smartphone . The glasses -LRB- pictured -RRB- are a prototype created by the car manufacturer and Qualcomm Connected Experiences , but there is no news about whether they will ever go on sale .