Housing chiefs have been were accused of hypocrisy for opposing plans to revive Margaret Thatcher 's flagship right-to-buy policy . The pledge to extend the dream of home ownership to 1.3 million social tenants was the centrepiece of Tuesday 's Tory manifesto launch . But housing associations responded furiously -- with one board member lambasting the proposal as the ` right to steal ' . There were even threats of a legal challenge , potentially under European human rights laws . Jane Ashcroft -LRB- left -RRB- the Anchor housing association boss is reported to earn £ 332,000 a year while David Bennett -LRB- right -RRB- of the Sanctuary Group is said to earn £ 314,000 a year . Jane Ashcroft 's modern detached home -LRB- left -RRB- in the Midlands was bought for £ 750,000 in 2005 while David Bennett 's detached farmhouse -LRB- right -RRB- in rural Herefordshire was bought for £ 295,000 in 2003 . But the bosses of housing associations , which are not for profit , were themselves in the dock after details emerged of their lavish salaries . Eighty pocket more than Mr Cameron 's salary of £ 142,500 . One -- David Cowans of Places for People -- takes home an astonishing £ 432,928 , including bonuses . Five others are on £ 250,000-plus . Bob Neill , a Tory Party vice chairman , said : ` It 's a bit rich coming from chief executives who are lining their pockets with six-figure salaries . ` Everyone should have the opportunity to buy their own home . ` Right to buy has already helped around two million families realise their dream of owning their own home -- and by extending it , we 'll give even more hardworking people the chance to move on and up the housing ladder . ' The housing associations said it was wrong that they should be forced to sell their homes at a discount . The National Housing Federation , the trade body for the organisations , pledged to fight the proposals ` every step of the way ' . And Rev Richard Coles , a vicar and BBC broadcaster who sits on the board of Wellingborough Homes , a small housing association in Northamptonshire , launched a furious attack on Twitter . ` So a housing association , like the one on whose board I sit , goes to the market , raises finance , does deals with contractors and builds urgently needed units for people to live in at social rents and then the government forces us to sell them off at a 35 per cent discount . That 's right to buy ? Sounds like right to steal to me . ' Simon Dow -LRB- left -RRB- of the Guinness Partnership is said to earn £ 264,000 a year while Darrell Mercer -LRB- right -RRB- is reported to earn £ 247,000 a year . Simon Dow ' townhouse -LRB- left -RRB- in trendy North London has an estimated value of £ 750,000 while Darrell Mercer 's five bed-room semi-detached townhouse -LRB- right -RRB- in West London was bought for £ 732,500 in 2006 . The policy director of the National Housing Federation , Ruth Davison , a Labour party member in Islington , said it was wrong to hand money to ` some of the most securely-housed people in the country on some of the lowest rents ' . She told the BBC : ` We are independent organisations and charities -- you can no more force a housing association to sell their assets at less than they 're worth than you can force Tesco , or even Cancer Research . ` So housing associations would have to be fully recompensed for any sale . There will be a cost to the taxpayer . ' Council house tenants in England can already buy their home at a discount of up to £ 103,900 . The Tories would extend this to 800,000 housing association tenants who now have limited purchase rights and to 500,000 who have no rights at all . Around 2.7 million people live in these properties . The subsidies would be funded by making councils sell their more costly properties once they become vacant . Every house purchased would be replaced ` on a one-for-one basis ' . Unveiling the policy in Swindon , Mr Cameron said : ` Part of having a good life is having a home of your own . It 's not about assets and appreciating values -- it 's about someone standing there with their keys in their hand thinking `` this place is mine '' . ` The next Conservative government will extend the right to buy to all housing association tenants in this country . That 's 1.3 million extra families -- a whole new generation given the security of a home . The pledge to extend the dream of home ownership to 1.3 million social tenants was the centrepiece of Tuesday 's Tory manifesto launch . ` So let the message ring out from this generation of Conservatives : you 've worked hard , you 've saved , the home you live in , it 's yours to buy , yours to own . ` The dream of a property-owning democracy is alive -- and we will fulfil it . ' The plan was welcomed by Paula Higgins , chief executive of the HomeOwners Alliance , who said : ` The overwhelming majority of British people of all backgrounds want to own their own home , rather than rent them . ' Tony Stacey , of South Yorkshire Housing Association , said last month that he would definitely launch a challenge . ` This is so fundamentally critical to us , ' he said . ` It would shoot up to the top of our risk map if it was confirmed . We are duty bound morally to fight it in any way we possibly can . ' Industry sources believe the plans could fall foul of charity law , because housing associations are generally prohibited from selling off their assets at below market value . One lawyer said it might even breach article 1 , protocol 1 , of the European Convention on Human Rights , which grants the ` right to the peaceful enjoyment of one 's possessions ' . ` I ca n't see how this could get through the legal system . It 's completely reckless , ' said Richard Murphy , of Tax Research LLP . Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg said the right-to-buy pledge showed the Tories had ` run out of ideas ' , adding that it was just ` a poor cover version of one of Margaret Thatcher 's 1980s hits ' . Housing association chief executives whose salaries have been revealed by Inside Housing magazine include Jane Ashcroft of Anchor who was on a package of £ 332,316 in 2013/14 . Four others were : David Bennett of Sanctuary Group , who was on £ 314,416 ; Keith Exford of Affinity Sutton -LRB- £ 289,088 -RRB- ; Simon Dow of the Guinness Partnership -LRB- £ 264,000 -RRB- ; and Darrell Mercer of the A2 Dominion Group -LRB- £ 247,000 -RRB- . A study by the GMB union found that two out of five council houses sold in Wandsworth , south-west London , in the 1980s , are now owned by private landlords , who rent them to tenants . It said reviving the policy would benefit private landlords .