Death : Gillian Nelson was ` delirious and spaced out ' following the birth , according to her husband . A widower told an inquest today how his wife was ` delirious and spaced out ' when she lost a large amount of blood after giving birth . James Ramirez , 37 , said he has concerns over the care of his wife Gillian Nelson , 34 , who died after complications arose with the birth of their son Wesley at a hospital in Bromley , Kent . He was called to the Princess Royal University Hospital at about 3.45 am on January 28 , 2014 after she had gone in to labour . She had given birth by the time he arrived at 4.25 am . Asked about how he found his wife after birth , Mr Ramirez told London 's Southwark Coroner 's Court : ` I would say she was delirious , spaced out , obviously tired . She was pale . ` Somewhat reassuringly she had blood on her T-shirt which would suggest she had the chance to hold Wesley . She was babbling a little bit . ' He stayed in the room with his wife until she was taken to theatre at about 6.30 am . Mr Ramirez could recall there was ` a blur ' of staff - but although he felt their manner was professional , there were ` no alarms going off ' . There had been blood loss and there were about nine people in the room , he said . The court was told that Miss Nelson , a businesswoman , had been admitted for an induced delivery at Princess Royal University Hospital , where she gave birth but was suffering bleeding . Baby : Wesley Ramierez -LRB- pictured -RRB- , whose mother Miss Nelson died after complications arose with his birth . She had multiple cardiac arrests and was taken to theatre for a hysterectomy . Mr Ramirez told the court that it was only about 30 to 40 minutes after his wife left the room to go in to theatre that he realised how serious the situation had become . Evidence : James Ramirez -LRB- left -RRB- , husband of Miss Nelson , leaves Southwark Coroner 's Court today . He noted that at one point his wife was turned on her side and ` there was a flood of blood on the bed ' which left a stain the size of a double A4-sided sheet of paper on the covers . It was ` clear she was bleeding heavily ' , he claimed , adding ` she was quite pale and clammy , paler than usual ' . She was later moved to King 's College Hospital in Denmark Hill , south-east London , where the family was told she needed a liver transplant . The family were later told that they ` were out of options ' and Miss Nelson died on February 2 . Mr Ramirez , who had gone to the family home in Sydenham , south-east London , to await a call to say that his wife had gone in to labour , told the court : ` From my understanding of the documents and statements we have seen , it does seem there was some gaps in her monitoring which obviously does leave me with the question of what would have happened if I had stayed ? ' He said that he hoped the inquest would not become a ` forum for belittling ' all of the care that his wife received . He said : ` Both Gillian and myself have been strong supporters of the NHS . It would be my hope that this is not a forum for belittling the intention of the care that she was provided . ` Certainly the family has seen excellent care in King 's College Hospital where she was transferred , and seen a real intention to make sure that Gillian survived . We have seen some excellent support . ` But we are really concerned about understanding what happened to Gillian rather than casting blame on any particular member of staff or anything of that nature . ' Place of death : Mr Ramirez was called to the Princess Royal University Hospital -LRB- above -RRB- in Bromley , Kent , at about 3.45 am after his wife had gone in to labour . She had given birth by the time he arrived at 4.25 am . Miss Nelson 's condition went downhill between 4.25 and 5.45 am . She had told a staff member that she had lost some blood while she was in a toilet , before giving birth at around 4 am . Midwife Cathy Lowther told the inquest that Miss Nelson was being regularly observed . She recalled : ` There was a lot going on in the room with the baby . I think our team was tied up with the care of the baby to start off with . ' Miss Nelson was given fluids probably to try to raise her blood pressure and it was spotted that her haemoglobin had dropped , meaning there was not enough oxygen going around her body , the inquest heard . Ms Lowther suggested ` you would put it down to blood loss ' . Then Miss Nelson later appeared to be short of breath and , from being ` awake and alert ' , she was ` very sleepy ' , according to Ms Lowther . She was ` very pale ' and was given a blood transfusion . Ms Lowther said she did not remember Miss Nelson 's skin being ` cold and clammy ' - the description earlier given to the inquest by Mr Ramirez . Miss Nelson was taken to theatre for surgery by 6.40 am . The inquest was adjourned to tomorrow at 9 am .