Avid users of MSN Messenger and other instant messaging services that were popular before Facebook and Twitter will remember the ` away ' message . And years after it was popular , Facebook is bringing back short updates in a new form -- the ` Sidebar status ' . The feature lets users post a short message about what they are doing in a sidebar added to the social network 's mobile app , complete with an illustrative picture , but it 's currently only available to selected people for testing . Facebook 's Sidebar status feature -LRB- pictured -RRB- will let users post a short message about what they are doing in a sidebar added to the social network 's mobile app , complete with an illustrative picture . The sidebar can be accessed by swiping right on the screen and brings up a user 's most messaged friends . A Facebook spokesman told MailOnline : ` Millions of people already use the sidebar to quickly find and contact their friends . ` We 're testing new features in this space that let you and your friends stay up to date on all the things that make up your day . ' The sidebar can be accessed by swiping right on the screen -LRB- news Feed pictured left -RRB- and brings up a user 's most messaged friends . Here , they can see short updates such as ` making blueberry scones at home ' and ` watching the game at home ' -LRB- right -RRB- . Facebook has started collecting information about the other websites users visit , the links they click on and their searches . The social media site already harvests details people share on their profiles , including where they went to school , their interests and where they live . But under a new privacy policy -- to which anyone who has signed into Facebook since February has been opted in automatically -- it can track activity outside the website , including online searches and some of the details users share with retailers . A Facebook spokesman said : ` It takes into account pages and places visited on Facebook , alongside browsing on the internet . ' She added that the changes help Facebook ` to better serve more relevant advertising to you . ' The site uses cookies -- small files which it places on your web browser or device -- to collect information which can then be transmitted back to Facebook . The new terms were introduced as part of a wider update to Facebook 's privacy policy , which - the social network claimed - was designed to make the rules easier to understand . Facebook is testing the service in Taiwan and Australia , where from today , users of the app will see short status messages under their friends ' names , The Verge reported . Users can choose from an array of small pictures , such as a bicycle or coffee cup , for example , to go with their status . As well as the addition of the images , the sidebar updates differ from a regular status updates because they do n't show up in the main News Feed . They can just be seen in the sidebar and expire after 12 hours -- allowing only the person who posted them to access them again . While the updates are visible to friends , users can change the privacy settings to determine who sees an update . The comparison of the old ` away ' messages has been drawn because of the small square images and the fact they will be sent to only close friends , despite the fact that we are rarely away from phones and computers now-a-days . For many people , Facebook 's main News Feed hosts information from a large number of contacts and brands as well as friends , and the social network has heard from its users that people want a place to see and share smaller updates too . The idea is that the sidebar is a quick way to keep friends in the loop of what a user is doing and vice versa . Users can choose from an array of small pictures , such as a bicycle or coffee cup , for example , to go with their status -LRB- pictured left -RRB- and add a location tag -LRB- pictured right -RRB- .