Yaya Toure will not be forced out of Manchester City , but the club are set to make the midfielder available this summer . Sportsmail revealed earlier this week that the Barclays Premier League champions will listen to offers for the Ivorian as they look to reshape their squad after a disappointing season . But Toure will fight for his City career this summer despite the club pondering his future . Yaya Toure will not be forced out of Manchester City , but the club are set to make him available this summer . Sportsmail revealed earlier this week that the Premier League champions will listen to offers for the Ivorian . He is said to be content with life at the Etihad Stadium despite the difficulties and is in no rush to leave . The Ivorian has played a major role during City 's recent trophy-laden period , helping the club to two Premier League titles , an FA Cup and League Cup since joining from Barcelona in 2010 . And the powerhouse midfielder still believes he can have a major impact for City in the future and remains fully committed to the cause . Another stumbling block towards a potential move is the four-time African Player of the Year winner 's wages . Inter Milan , managed by Roberto Mancini , are interested but given his huge wages there are some doubts . Toure has more than two years left on his current £ 220,000-a-week deal and is unlikely to move for anything less . A number of clubs , such as Inter Milan , are interested in the 31-year-old , but given his huge salary there must be doubts over whether they would be able to afford it . Inter are prepared to offer Toure a five-year deal to compensate for the pay-cut he would be required to take if he moved to Italy -- although , it remains to be seen whether he 'd agree to such a compromise . There have been preliminary talks about a contract extension for Toure at City -- which included the possibility of an ambassadorial role when he hangs up his boots . But it seems the club are now happy for him to leave . City , meanwhile , will resist any attempt by Valencia to pull out of a £ 24million deal for Alvaro Negredo to fund a move for Radamel Falcao , currently on loan at Manchester United . City will resist any attempt by Valencia to pull out of a £ 24million deal for Alvaro Negredo this summer . Negredo joined Valencia on loan last summer and the agreement included a clause involving a permanent move to the Mestalla . Reports in Spain suggested that Valencia are having second thoughts about keeping Negredo next season , but City are adamant that the deal will go through as planned . The 29-year-old striker scored 23 goals in his first season at the Etihad following a £ 20.6 m move from Sevilla , but he has only found the net five times for Valencia . When he scored in Monday 's 3-0 win over Levante , the Spain striker refused to celebrate , fuelling speculation over his future at the club . Negredo joined Valencia on loan last summer but reports in Spain say they are looking at Radamel Falcao . Victory kept Valencia in fourth place in La Liga and on course to qualify for the Champions League , but financial problems mean they are already struggling to hold onto key players like defender Nicolas Otamendi . It has , however , not stopped Valencia being linked with a summer move for Falcao , who is set to leave United at the end of his season-long loan from Monaco . Falcao 's agent Jorge Mendes has been acting as an advisor to Valencia owner Peter Lim and offloading Negredo is seen as one way of affording the Colombia star . City had scouts at Porto , watching their 3-1 Champions League win over Bayern Munich on Wednesday night , with the home team 's Brazilian left-back Alex Sandro said to be the main focus of interest . City had scouts at Porto with Brazilian left-back Alex Sandro said to be the main focus of interest for them .