The elderly husband who has been charged with the murder of two women in Victoria nearly 24 years ago - one of them being his wife - has described the accusations as ` bizarre ' . Robert Penny told the Herald Sun that he was shocked when police charged him with murdering Claire Acocks and his wife Margaret Penny at Old London Coiffure Hairdressers in Portland on May 3 , 1991 , about 350 km west of Melbourne . The 83-year-old , of Malvern East , has spoken out since he briefly appeared at Melbourne Magistrates court on Monday . Margaret Penny was murdered in a hair salon in Portland , Victoria on May 3 , 1991 . Also brutally murdered at Old London Coiffure Hairdressers was Claire Acocks . Nearly 24 years after the horrific event Margaret 's husband Robert Denny , 83 , has been charged with two counts of murder . ` It 's been hanging over my head for a year and it 's not having a very good effect on me . Not knowing anything about it , really , and to be charged with a double murder - what the hell would I want to murder someone for ? ' Mr Penny told the Herald Sun . ` They had some new faces in the police force that were investigating and they suddenly decided it was my problem ... It 's just bizarre . ' Mr Penny also revealed that he called his late-wife 's sister , Ann Bryden , to further plead his innocence a day after facing court . ` He rang and said , `` I did n't do it , why would I kill her ? We were in love '' , ' Ms Bryden told the Herald Sun . Ms Bryden then said that she does not believe Mr Penny killed his wife . Penny was not required to speak during the hearing on Monday that lasted less than five minutes . Homicide police investigator Tom Hogan - the police informant in the murder hearing - leaving the Melbourne Magistrates Court on Monday . Lawyer Rob Starry , who is representing Robert Penny , outside court on Monday . Unsteady on his feet in the dock , Penny was not required to speak during the hearing that lasted less than five minutes on Monday . Claire Acocks and Margaret Penny were found badly beaten , repeatedly stabbed , with their throats cut and were wrapped in black hair wraps , the Herald Sun reported . His current wife was in court on the day , and the accused was seen waving at the woman - who reportedly has concerns about her elderly husband 's health . Police launched a cold case investigation into the murders in 2006 , and Penny resurfaced as a suspect last year , despite being cleared of any involvement during the original investigation . He was remanded in custody to appear in the Melbourne Magistrates Court for a committal mention on July 6 . Penny was remanded in custody to appear in the Melbourne Magistrates Court for a committal mention on July 6 , and is expected to apply for bail on Monday afternoon . Tim Acock , son of murder victim Claire Acocks , was also in attendance . Mr Acocks -LRB- right -RRB- was a young constable at the time of his mother 's murder and one of the first at the scene . Members of Ms Acocks ' family , including her son Tim - who was a young constable at the time and one of the first at the murder scene - were at the hearing on Monday . ` We are grateful for the determination of the homicide squad detectives who have continued to investigate this matter to endeavour to gain a resolution for us and justice for Claire , ' they later said in a statement . The family said they were ` extremely encouraged ' by the developments but would not comment further while the matter is before the courts . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .