If the Borussia Dortmund players had been shocked by Wednesday 's news that manager Jurgen Klopp will quit the club at the end of the season , they showed no sign that it had affected them on Saturday . Henrikh Mkhitaryan , Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Shinji Kagawa were on target as Dortmund returned to winning ways with a comfortable victory against relegation-threatened Paderborn at Signal Iduna Park . The win moved last season 's Bundesliga runners-up to eighth in the table and leaves them with a realistic chance of qualifying for Europe , which would be a remarkable achievement for a club that was flirting with relegation themselves earlier in the year . Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang makes it 2-0 to Dortmund as the home side cruised to victory against Paderborn . Aubameyang celebrates with his trademark front flip after doubling the home side 's lead . Gabon international Aubameyang wheels away in celebration after giving Dortmund a two-goal cushion . Borussia Dortmund -LRB- 4-2-3-1 -RRB- : Weidenfeller ; Durm , Sokratis , Hummels , Schmelzer -LRB- Dudziak 82 -RRB- ; Gundogan , Ginter ; Blaszczykowski -LRB- Kampl 75 -RRB- , Kagawa , Mkhitaryan ; Aubameyang -LRB- Immobile 85 -RRB- . Subs not used : Jojic , Ramos , Langerak , Narey , . Scorer -LRB- s -RRB- : Mkhitaryan 48 , Aubameyang 55 , Kagawa 80 . Booked : Hummels . Manager : Jurgen Klopp . Paderborn -LRB- 4-4-2 -RRB- : Kruse ; Heinloth , Rafa , Hunemeier -LRB- Ziegler 82 -RRB- , Hartherz ; Koc , Vrancic , Bakalorz , Ouali -LRB- Rupp 57 -RRB- ; Lakic -LRB- Vucinovic 72 -RRB- , Kachunga . Subs not used : Kutschke , Strohdiek , Bruckner , Luck . Manager : André Breitenreiter . Referee : F Brych . Much of the pre-amble to this fixture understandably centred on Klopp 's surprise announcement - coming at a press conference on Wednesday - but Dortmund are slowly creeping back up the table and with victory here moved to within three points of sixth-place Augsburg . Dortmund had lost their two previous Bundesliga matches against Borrusia Monchengladbach and Bayern Munich and , after being held by the visitors for the opening 45 minutes , cruised to victory with plenty to spare . After a frustrating opening 45 the hosts had to wait just three minutes after the interval before taking the lead . Aubameyang delivered a perfect cross from theright and Armenia international Mkhitaryan powered a near post header past Lukas Kruse . Dortmund , clearly wary of their poor defensive record this season , continued to press and increased their advantage just eight minutes later when Aubameyang got his name on the scoresheet after providing the first . The win came three days after manager Jurgen Klopp announced he will quit the club in the summer . A Borussia Dortmund fan holds up a sign thanking Klopp for his achievements in the last seven years . The home crowd paid tribute to their soon-to-be departing manager who twice led them to Bundesliga glory . The Gabon striker calmly finished over the on-rushing Kruse after the ball broke for him in the penalty following Paderborn 's failure to deal with a cross . The visitors stunned Klopp 's side by coming from two down in the reverse fixture earlier this season to earn a point , but there was to be no repeat this time around . Former Manchester United midfielder Kagawa made absolutely sure of that when he latched on to Mkhitaryan 's ball with 10 minutes to play before escaping a challenge and firing past Kruse to complete a routine win . Henrikh Mkhitaryan heads the home side in front just three minutes after half-time at Signal Iduna Park . Paderborn goalkeeper Lukas Kruse fails to keep Mkhitaryan 's header out at his near post . The Armenia international is mobbed by his team-mates after giving Dortmund a second-half lead .