An American soldier was killed in a shooting incident Wednesday in the eastern Afghan city of Jalalabad in which at least two other U.S. troops were wounded when an Afghan soldier opened fire at them , a U.S. official said . The incident happened after a meeting between Afghan provincial leaders and a U.S. Embassy official in the compound of the provincial governor in Jalalabad . All U.S. Embassy staff were accounted for and returned safely to their mission , the embassy said . NATO confirmed one of its soldiers died in the attack , without providing the nationality of the slain soldier , as is the coalition 's policy . The Washington official spoke on condition of anonymity because he was n't authorized to speak before the official announcement was released . Scroll down for video . Insider attack : An American soldier was killed Wednesday when an Afghan soldier opened fire on a group of U.S. troops in the city of Jalalabad . Above , the body of the Afghan shooter who turned against the U.S. forces working for NATO . Identified : The police chief for the eastern Nangarhar province identified the Afghan shooter as Abdul Azim from the Lagham province . It was the second fatality suffered by NATO since the beginning of the year , when the coalition launched its new mission in Afghanistan called Resolute Support . Also , an Afghan soldier killed three American contractors on January 29 . The shooter was also killed in that incident . General Fazel Ahmad Sherzad , who is police chief for eastern Nangarhar province where the shooting happened , said it took place immediately after the meeting and the embassy official has left . ` Right after the U.S. official had left , suddenly an Afghan army soldier opened fire on the U.S. soldiers who were present in the compound , ' Sherzad told The Associated Press . The American troops returned fire , killing the Afghan soldier , whom Sherzad identified as Abdul Azim , from Laghman province . The motive for his attack was not immediately known . Information was sketchy and an eyewitness told the AP that four U.S. troops had been wounded in the attack - not three as Sherzad said - and were being treated at a clinic on the American base in Jalalabad . Surprise attack : Afghan policemen console each other at the site of the deadly attack by an Afghan national army soldier who opened fire on U.S. troops , in the compound of the provincial governor , Jalalabad , Afghanistan on Wednesday .