Two years ago , Rafa Benitez was in charge of Chelsea and John Terry 's glittering career at Stamford Bridge was in danger of fizzling out . In April 2013 , the Spanish manager declared that Terry could no longer play two games a week and that controversial decision , twinned with a persistent knee injury , meant the former England international made just 14 appearances for his beloved in the 2012-13 campaign . Fast forward to 2015 , the Blues captain has one hand on the Premier League trophy after arguably his most impressive season at the club - during which he has played a part in each of their 33 games so far . Chelsea captain John Terry is on course to appear in all 38 Premier League matches for his side this season . The Blues captain has made an appearance in all 33 Premier League games for Chelsea so far this season . It 's an impressive tally for the 34-year-old , who will no doubt be hoping he can mark another memorable season with a personal best of having featured in all 38 Premier League games come the end of the season . If Terry manages to make appearances in all of Chelsea 's remaining fixtures against Leicester , Crystal Palace , Liverpool , West Brom and Sunderland , he will beat the 37 domestic appearances he made during his side 's last title-winning season in 2009-10 . And he made 36 in 2004-05 and again the following season - his other two Premier League title triumphs . During his time as Blues boss , Rafa Benitez -LRB- left -RRB- believed Terry could n't play two games in a week . Terry had to settle for a place on the bench under Benitez and made just 14 Premier League appearances . Speaking after the 0-0 draw with Arsenal on Sunday , manager Jose Mourinho said : ` I told John Terry in the dressing room that he made fantastic performances with me in six years but for me this was the best I have seen from him . ` It was the best JT has ever played . His defensive performance was absolutely amazing . ' This season , Terry has played 2,970 minutes , scoring three goals along the way as Chelsea sit at the Premier League 's summit , 10 points clear of second-placed Manchester City having already collected the Capital One Cup in March . The 34-year-old celebrates with the Capital One Cup after Chelsea 's 2-0 victory against Tottenham in March . The Chelsea captain made 37 Premier League appearances during Chelsea 's 2009-10 title winning season in . Terry 's best seasons at Chelsea have largely been when Jose Mourinho has been in charge .