A white German Shepard puppy named Lt.Dan from South Carolina born without his paw now has a new friend who understands his unique struggle . On Monday the nine-week-old puppy was given to three-year-old Sapphyre Johnson who is missing both of her feet . ` He 's just like me ! , ' the toddler exclaimed with joy the first time she ever saw a photo of Lt. Dan . The dog 's original owner Karen Riddle said that Lt. Dan , who was born with eight other puppies in a litter - and could have been euthanized . Missing their feet : Of the nine pups in the litter , Lt. Dan , named for the character in Forest Gump who lost his legs , was the only one missing a paw and Sapphyre Johnson had to have her feet amputated . On Monday , the nine-week-old puppy Lt. Dan without a paw found a new home with Sapphyre Johnson , a toddler who lost both of her feet . Just like me ! : Sapphyre and Lt. Dan made fast friends on Monday and the two will grow up together at Sapphyre 's family 's home in Tennesee . Greenville Online reports that the puppy was named after a character in the film Forest Gump who lost both of his legs . Fellow breeders suggested to Riddle when Lt. Dan was born that he should be put down because he might be too sick to live . But Riddle did n't buy it . When the hound grew a little , Riddle was determined to find a home for him with someone with special needs . Because her father was a Shriner she called Shriners Hospital to see if there was a special needs child or wounded veteran who might want a pet in their home . Sapphyre , who is from Tennessee , has been in the hospital ever since she was just three-months-old . ` When I was seven months pregnant , they did an ultra sound and told us she may be missing some fingers and toes , ' said Sapphyre 's mother , Ashley Johnson . ` They do n't know what caused it , ' she said . Different : Lt.Dan was the only one out of nine puppies who was born without a paw and fellow breeders suggested to his original owner that he be put down . Brilliant Idea : Rather than kill Lt. Dan because he was different , his original owner Karen Riddle suggested that he be placed in a home with a wounded veteran or special needs child . Playing and learning : ` In the future , I could see Sapphyre at her first show-and-tell in school and she could bring in her dog and explain about her dog and herself , ' said an employee at Shriners Hospital . Shriners gives prosthetics and orthopedic services to children under 18 no matter what their family 's income is . ` She had just two really long toes on each foot . And when she was 1 , we had them amputated so she could be fitted for prosthetics , ' said Sapphyre 's mother . Shriners even suggested prosthetic leg could be made for Lt.Dan when he grows large enough . When Sapphyre saw a picture of her new puppy she knew that she had to have him and she felt an instant connection . ` The first time I showed her a picture of the dog , she looked at it for a moment , and she said , `` That 's my puppy . He 's just like me , '' ' said Elaine Hardin who works at Shriners . Best friends : Sapphyre and Lt. Dan only just met but from the looks of it they are already best friends . ` He 's a special dog and he 's going to a special child . ' Hardin told Greenville Online that the dog will help Sapphyre make friends and will also help her to explain her disability to other kids . ` In the future , I could see Sapphyre at her first show-and-tell in school and she could bring in her dog and explain about her dog and herself , ' Hardin said . ` Everybody loves dogs and they 'll want to know about her dog that 's special like her . ' On Monday Saphyyre was so happy to have her new puppy . ` Lt. Dan , Lt. Dan , ' she called out to her new furry friend . The puppy felt so at home with his new owners that it fell asleep in the car as Sapphyre made her way home to Tennessee with her family . Right at home : The puppy felt so at home with his new owners that it fell asleep in the car as Sapphyre made her way home to Tennessee with her family .