Patrick Bamford believes his long-term future lies at Chelsea and hopes winning the Championship Player of the Year award for his 19-goal season on loan at Middlesbrough will strengthen his case . The striker beat Ipswich Town 's Daryl Murphy and Watford 's Troy Deeney to win the prize at Sunday night 's Football League Awards in central London . After previous loan spells at MK Dons and Derby County , the 21-year-old has produced his best form yet for Aitor Karanka 's promotion-chasing side . And he hopes his success has been noted at Stamford Bridge . Chelsea loanee Patrick Bamford hopes his long-term future will be at Stamford Bridge . Bamford takes centre stage after collecting the Championship Player of the Year award on Sunday . ` There 's no reason why I would n't want to be at Chelsea , ' he said . ` That 's my dream , to pull on that blue shirt , so hopefully it 'll come true . ` In the Premier League , strikers are about 23 or 24 if they 're playing week-in , week-out and at a club like Chelsea , you 've got the money to go out and buy a world class striker like Diego Costa . ` And there 's also that pressure they need to win trophies , win the league . It 's just one of those things , you have to stick with it , be patient and hopefully the rewards will come . ' Bamford believes Middlesbrough has been the perfect fit for him because the styles of Karanka and Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho are so similar . The 21-year-old striker has scored 17 Championship goals for Middlesbrough this season . Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho -LRB- right -RRB- has been impressed with Bamford 's attitude as well as his development . He said : ` At the start of the season , I had a discussion with Chelsea and they decided that out of the clubs that were interested , Middlesbrough would be the best fit . ` Not only for me as a player but it would make me ready for Chelsea next year or the year after . ' Before he returns to London , Bamford will play an integral role in trying to get Middlesbrough over the line in an insanely tight Championship promotion race . Their 1-0 win at Norwich City on Friday night could prove vital , though Watford and Bournemouth overtook them again on Saturday . The young striker will have to compete with the likes of Diego Costa when he is called back to Chelsea . Bamford is hoping to help Aitor Karanka 's Middlesbrough side get promoted to the Premier League . Bamford , who had to come off before the end at Carrow Road , said : ` A massive result . I ca n't put into words how much it meant to us , you saw the reaction of the staff after the game and after I went off and had to sit on the bench , it was the worst 10 or 15 minutes since I 've become a footballer . ` In that game , it was awful , there 's nothing you can do on the sidelines and it makes you see what it 's like for managers . ` You can see the work we put in week-in , week-out on the training ground , we do deserve to go up but I think a lot of teams think the same thing . Bamford hopes to be part of Gareth Southgate 's England Under 21 squad for the European Championships . ` It 's going to be tight , it 's going to be an exciting finish to be sure . ' After that , Bamford hopes to be part of Gareth Southgate 's England Under 21 squad for the European Championships in the Czech Republic this summer . He said : ` That 's my aim and with the friendlies with Germany and the Czech Republic , I had to pull out because I 've had a problem with my toe for the last few months . ` I spoke to Gareth about it and he said make sure I 'm okay for the summer because that 's the aim . First priority is to get promoted with Middlesbrough and then after to try and win the Euros . '