For Stuart McCall , the memories of May 11 , 1985 will never fade . As Bradford City celebrated promotion from the old English Third Division , a day of joy quickly became one of devastation as a fire ripped through the timber main stand at Valley Parade towards the end of the first half , claiming 56 helpless victims . Just 21 years of age , McCall returned to his car , only to find the door handle was burning hot because it had been parked so near to the blaze . Upon learning his father , Andy -- one of a large group of McCall 's relatives at the game -- had been badly burned and was missing , the young midfielder set off frantically through the streets of Bradford . The fire at Bradford City 's Valley Parade claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on May 11 , 1985 . The 30th anniversary is approaching since the tragic fire that killed 56 people at Bradford 's ground in 1985 . Still wearing his boots and kit , he was finally reunited with his father in Pinderfields Hospital in Wakefield . Those hours represented the worst of his life but given that other families lost loved ones that day , McCall has always declared himself and his father the fortunate ones . So how would the Rangers manager -- who donated money from his 2002 testimonial to the Bradford burns unit that cared for his father and so many others -- react to bombshell claims this week that mere bad luck had perhaps played no role in the disaster ? A book written by Martin Fletcher , a Bradford fan who lost three generations of his family in the blaze , says the incident was just one of at least nine fires at businesses owned or associated with the club 's then chairman Stafford Heginbotham , in the previous 18 years , resulting in huge insurance claims . In his book Fifty-Six , published on Thursday , Fletcher believes the fire was not an accident and says he and his family are no longer willing to ` live the myth ' . Fire engulfs Valley Parade on a day nobody can ever forget as 56 were killed at the football stadium . A police officer uses his helmet to shield the heat from his face as he runs in front of the stand on fire . From McCall 's annual visits to the club 's memorial services , he knows Fletcher , who lost brother , Andrew -LRB- 11 -RRB- -- the youngest victim of the tragedy -- as well as his father John -LRB- 34 -RRB- , uncle Peter -LRB- 32 -RRB- and grandfather Eddie -LRB- 63 -RRB- . He also knows Heginbotham and attended the funeral of the ` great chairman ' in 1995 . To McCall , the verdict of inquiry judge Sir Oliver Popplewell , who declared the fire had probably been started by a stray match , cigarette or pipe tobacco slipping through gaps on the floor on to a build-up of litter , remains the most likely cause of the tragedy . ` I get so caught up in this job managing Rangers that I do n't always see the news but someone told me the other day that the Bradford story had been on Sky , ' said McCall on Friday . ` And then my missus mentioned it to me later that night when I got home . ` I know the -LRB- Fletcher -RRB- family . I go to every memorial that I can and you meet the same people at these things . So I know the lad , who was very young at the time -LRB- of the disaster -RRB- , has brought out this book . Then-Bradford chairman Stafford Heginbotham -LRB- left -RRB- with Mr Justice Popplewell in front of the burned stand . A 12-year-old Martin Fletcher is comforted by his mother Susan in 1985 after the Bradford Fire disaster . ` But I also knew Stafford . He was a great chairman and , not for one second , do I believe it was deliberate . He has passed away now and I was at his funeral . ` But I saw -LRB- Sir Oliver -RRB- Popplewell said the actual stand was n't even insured , so they did n't get any money for it anyway . For me , that just blows the theory out of the water . ' McCall , who spent six years from 1982 to 1988 at Valley Parade , recalls one of his jobs in his early years was to clean the main stand . And he finds it hard to accept any foul play was behind the inferno . ` I used to sweep that stand , ' he said . ` There were little holes and as you swept up -LRB- bits of rubbish would fall down -RRB- but you never gave a thought to what was underneath . But , over the years , all this rubbish has built up and it needed one cigarette . It has gone down a gap and then tragedy has struck . ' Former Bradford player Stuart McCall does not believe the fire was anything other than an accident . On Saturday , McCall takes Rangers to Dumbarton where victory would leave the Ibrox side four points ahead with two games remaining . Should they win , Hibs , who play Falkirk in the Scottish Cup semi-final at lunchtime , would travel under pressure on Wednesday to face a Livingston side who are bottom of the table but enjoying a recent resurgence . And the Ibrox boss insists he is not overly concerned by statistics which show that Rangers have just one win in five on the road . ` It 's all about the result at Dumbarton . It is a game we have to win , simple as that . It does n't matter how we do it . It is about the three points . McCall prepares his players for Saturday 's Championship clash with Dunbarton . ` I saw a stat that we have won only five games out of 15 , which is true . But we have lost one in 12 and won four out of the last six . And one of those wins , at Hibs , was our best performance of the season away from home . So you can use stats in different ways . ' McCall also backed his captain Lee McCulloch , who has been the subject of criticism from Rangers fans in recent weeks . He was red-carded for elbowing Hearts striker Osman Sow and , on his return to the team after a two-match ban , Rangers dropped two points at Livvy . But McCall said : ` Since I 've been here , I would say the criticism has been unfair because he has not done a lot wrong . He is good in the dressing room and he is an important player for us . '