A mother whose two sons were mutilated by Boston bombers Dzhokhar and Tamerlan Tsarnaev has said it is ` way too soon ' for Mark Wahlberg to be turning the atrocity that maimed her family into a movie . Liz Norden 's adult sons , JP and Paul , each lost their right leg when they were hit by the explosive mix of shrapnel and ball-bearings unleashing by the Tsarnaevs ' primitive explosives in April 2013 . The men , now in their mid-thirties , were received horrific wounds as they shielded friends from the second of two blasts which went off by the finish line at the Boston Marathon almost two years ago . Scroll down for video . ` Way too soon ' : Liz Norden , right , whose sons JP and Paul each lost a leg in the Boston bombings , has said a planned film by Mark Wahlberg , left , dramatizing the bombings is premature . Real life : Pictured are Norden 's adult sons , Paul , left , and JP , right . They each lost their right leg when Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev detonated bombs by the finish line of the 2013 Boston Marathon . In response to the news that Boston-born celebrity Wahlberg is teaming up with CBS to make a feature film from the most harrowing day of her life , Norden pointed out that for many the pain is still visceral and real . She said : ` I do n't think that could ever be re-created . I 've sat in the courtroom with survivors and family members and seen what everybody is going through . ` It 's been two years ... but people who live it day in and day out , their lives are just coming back somewhat . ` For people dealing with putting legs on every day or people who lost loved ones , that does n't go away . ' JP and Paul , who both use prosthetic legs , now help run a charity alongside their mother dedicated to helping fellow amputees . Blast : Explosions at the 2013 Boston Marahton are pictured in the above security footage , released by fedreal prosecutors . Together : Liz is pictured above with her two sons , who now use prosthetic legs and are said to be living a relatively normal life again . At a recent fundraiser covered by local station WCVB , JP said he has now recovered enough to live a relatively normal life . He said : ` I 'm starting to work and doing things as usual - I 'm getting married in October . So I 'm great . ' However , the victims of the attack still contend daily with the toll taken on their lives by the fanatical brothers . Tamerlan , the elder Tsarnaev , was killed in a firefight not long after the attack . Dzhokhar was captured , and last week was convicted of all 30 charges leveled against him in connection with the bombing . Guilty : Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , pictured left in an FBI handout photo and right in a courtroom sketch , was found guilty on 30 separate charges related to the bombing , 18 of which can carry the death penalty . More than half of those charges can be punished by death , and he is due to be sentenced in the coming weeks . JP and Paul have both declined to say whether they think Tsarnaev should be put to death , though their mother has said that he should be . Wahlberg announced his film , which will be called Patriot 's Day , in the middle of the highly-publicized trial . CBS Films said the movie will be based on a firsthand account from former Boston Police Commissioner Ed Davis of the investigation and massive manhunt for the Tsarnaevs . After the announcements other Boston residents weighed in . Eileen McNamara , a former Boston Globe columnist , said : ` How does someone who markets himself as `` a Boston guy '' not see that it is far too soon , that the city is still far too sad for its trauma to be transformed into mass entertainment ? ' Charlie Wilder of Boston.com also weighed in , saying : ` The trial has served as almost a movie of the events itself , making the concurrent announcement of a fictionalized portrayal feel unnecessary and inappropriate . ` Maybe one day , even someday relatively soon after the trial , turning the events into a film worthy of the story would help the healing and honor the lives of those affected . ` But for now , Wahlberg -- who plays up his Boston roots whenever he gets the chance -- picked the wrong time to break the news . ' Wahlberg 's representatives did not return calls and emails seeking comment .