Atletico Madrid striker Fernando Torres believes coach Diego Simeone 's clear understanding of the team 's weaknesses has been the key to their success as they seek revenge against Real Madrid on Tuesday for last season 's Champions League final defeat . With the determined Argentine at the helm , Atletico have belied their economic inferiority to become one of the most dangerous sides in Europe and now the La Liga champions take on Real aiming once again for a place in the semi-finals of the continent 's elite competition . In the past Atletico were accustomed to being swept aside by the footballing aristocrats , who claimed their 10th European crown against them in Lisbon , but now they are more than capable of trading blows . Fernando Torres -LRB- centre -RRB- scored his first ever league own goal during the 2-2 draw with Malaga on Saturday . Torres has praised the coaching style of Atletico Madrid manager Diego Simeone -LRB- centre -RRB- . In fact since that final , when Atletico were agonisingly close to a victory before a Sergio Ramos header forced extra-time and then Real ran away with the match , Simeone 's side has had the upper hand in the Madrid clashes . Atletico beat Real to win the season 's Super Cup curtain-raiser , knocked them out of the King 's Cup and defeated them in both La Liga clashes . The manner of their 4-0 demolition of Real in February 's league meeting even led to questions about the future of coach Carlo Ancelotti . ` It is his character as a player and his character as a coach that drives the team , ' Torres told UEFA.com of Simeone . Antoine Griezmann scored twice to help Diego Simeone 's side scrape to a 2-2 draw on Saturday . Mario Mandzukic -LRB- left -RRB- celebrates with Torres after scoring in the 4-0 win over Real Madrid in February . Real Madrid star Cristiano Ronaldo celebrates his strike with team-mates during the 3-0 win over Eibar . August 19 - Real 1-1 Atletico . Supercopa , First Leg . August 22 - Atletico 1-0 Real . Supercopa , Second Leg . September 13 - Real 1-2 Atletico . La Liga . January 7 - Atletico 2-0 Real . Copa del Rey Last 16 , First Leg . January 15 - Real 2-2 Atletico . Copa del Rey Last 16 , Second Leg . February 7 - Atletico 4-0 Real . La Liga . ` He knows we are a team that needs to know what we are about , our weaknesses and our strengths , but above all our weaknesses so we can then implement our qualities . ` We do n't have the options that Real Madrid , Barcelona , Bayern -LRB- Munich -RRB- or Chelsea have , we can not drop points and make up for them later . We are a team that plays at our limit . ' The pressure is very much on Ancelotti going into the game with Real having surrendered their La Liga lead and dropping two points behind Barcelona . Even so there are positive signs with the team finding its form in recent weeks following the return of Luka Modric and James Rodriguez from injury . Cristiano Ronaldo is also firing on all cylinders with eight goals from four games . ' -LRB- Ronaldo -RRB- is able to take advantage because we are now playing with more speed and this gives him space in front of goal , ' Ancelotti told a news conference . ` This intensity will be one of the important factors against Atletico . ' Gareth Bale celebrates after scoring Real 's second goal in extra time during the Lisbon final last May .