It tells the story of coal miners in a tough working-class community in Wales . And it seems the film Pride was a little overwhelming for soft-hearted Hampstead socialist Ed Miliband . The Labour leader has confessed he cried when he and his wife Justine watched a DVD of the 2014 movie starring Bill Nighy and Imelda Staunton . Scroll down for video . Ed Miliband , picture today on a David Brown Gear Systems factory in Huddersfield , has finally confessed that he is a geek who spent his childhood obsessing over computer games . Weepy : A scene from the 2014 British film Pride featuring Bill Nighy -LRB- in tie -RRB- . He said : ` Pride is about the lesbian and gay community in London who go and help the miners in Wales and Justine and I watched it recently . I blubbed . ' In a radio interview , Mr Miliband was asked about Jeremy Paxman 's description of him as a ` north London geek ' during his television grilling last week . He said : ` I plead guilty to being a geek . I 'm proud . ' The Labour leader claimed never to have been a trainspotter or a member of a chess club , but said that as a 12-year-old he had a ` big passion ' for the 1983 video game Manic Miner , which he played using his ZX Spectrum computer linked to a TV . The Labour leader said he struggles with hand-eye coordination but when he was 12-years-old drove his parents ` slightly mad ' playing Manic Miner . Mr Miliband said as Labour leader he used to use an iPhone , but gave it up for a BlackBerry because he spent too much time reading tweets and political commentary . Talking to Absolute Radio 's Geoff Lloyd , he said : ` I was brilliant . As I remember , there were 20 levels . I 'm not sure I 'm very good at hand-eye coordination but I was good at Manic Miner . ` I used to drive my parents slightly mad because you used to play it on the telly , obviously , so they would n't be able to watch . ' Mr Miliband said he used to use an iPhone , but gave it up for a BlackBerry because he had been spending too much time reading tweets and political commentary . He added : ` The good thing about a BlackBerry ... I 'm going to insult the BlackBerry makers now , is it 's harder to do those things so it 's got a more limited functionality , I think they call it . ' Despite downgrading his phone , perhaps to avoid having to read negative remarks about himself , Mr Miliband insisted he was thick-skinned . Despite downgrading phone to avoid negative remarks about himself , Mr Miliband insisted he is ` thick-skinned ' ` I think it comes with the territory of the job , ' he said . ` You know what 's kept me going throughout all this , is a sort of inner belief . ` If I was just running for this job because I wanted my face on the wall inside Downing Street , then that would n't be enough for the motivation . My motivation is to change the country . ' Mr Miliband said that his mother calls him Edward when she is unhappy with him , but claimed she had not done this when he chose to stand against his brother David for the Labour leadership . Mr Miliband said that he was a fan of the singer Ellie Goulding -LRB- left -RRB- and the band Bastille -LRB- right -RRB- , but claimed he did not spend his time learning about popular culture to try and appear like a normal person . He said : ` So , I was quite a lot of things . I was an Edward , and partly when I lived in America I was an Eddie . I was a Ted at university . I sort of became a Ted briefly but I 'm happy with Ed . ' He joked : ` My mum calls me Edward if I 'm in trouble or if she does n't like one of our policies . ' Mr Miliband said that he was a fan of the singer Ellie Goulding and the band Bastille , but claimed he did not spend his time learning about popular culture to try to appear normal . He said : ` I 'm more interested in swotting up on what 's happening in the Middle East rather than Top Gear . '