For six months Chris Rowe was plagued by an irritating cough . Repeated visits to doctors were met with the same conclusion - the 31-year-old was most likely suffering a ` simple ' virus . The father-of-one , whose wife Kate is expecting their second child in June , was dismissed by doctors five times in two months - despite reporting on one visit that he was coughing up blood . But , after noticing a dull ache in his ribs , and coughing up more blood , he was taken to a & e . There , an X-ray revealed a devastating diagnosis - Mr Rowe was suffering an aggressive lung cancer that had spread to his liver and bones . Chris Rowe , pictured with his pregnant wife Kate and their three-year-old daughter , Sophia , was diagnosed with an aggressive form of lung cancer that had spread to his liver and bones , in December . After suffering a persistent cough for six months , he visited doctors five times in two months . But he was sent home each time , reassured he was most likely suffering a virus . But after coughing up blood and being taken to a & e , an x-ray revealed a tumour on the 31-year-old 's lung . he has been told his cancer is inoperable , but mr rowe is enduring gruelling rounds of chemotherapy in a bid to prolong his life , so he can create memories with his young family . his wife kate , 28 , is set to give birth to a baby boy , a little brother for the couple 's three-year-old daughter , sophia , in june . mr rowe , from Gloucester , said he hopes that by sharing his story , others will be aware of the symptoms of lung cancer . He is a non-smoker and lives a healthy lifestyle , he said , adding the diagnosed came as a huge shock to him and his wife . ` I went to the doctors five times in just two months because my cough would n't go , ' he said . ` It all started after I came back from a great holiday at Center Parcs . ` I began coughing up blood which was really frightening but after visiting my doctors I felt relieved as they were adamant that I had a virus , and I was advised to keep taking ibuprofen . ` I trusted that I must be OK but when I started suffering from a dull ache in my ribs and I coughed up more blood , I ended up in a & e two months later . Lung cancer is one of the most common and serious types of the disease . More than 41,000 people are diagnosed with the condition every year in the UK . Often in the early stages of the disease there are no signs or symptoms . But , many people with the condition will eventually develop some symptoms , including : . Although people who have never smoked can develop lung cancer , smoking is the main cause - in about 90 per cent of cases . The disease mainly affects older people . It is rare in people younger than 40 , while rates rise sharply with age . It is most commonly diagnosed in those aged 70 to 74 years old . Due to the nature of the disease , not presenting symptoms , it often spreads before it is diagnosed . As a result , the outlook for patients with lung cancer is not as good as for those with other forms of the disease . Around one in three people with the condition will live for at least a year after their diagnosis , and one in 10 will live at least five years . Source : NHS Choices . ` It was after an X-ray while in hospital that they found I had a tumour in my lung . ` I 'm trying to focus on creating as many memories with Kate and our children as possible , I want to ensure I 'm in their lives for as long as possible . ' In December , Mr Rowe was told his cancer had spread to his liver and bones - the tumours were inoperable and treatment would only be able to prolong his life . After an appointment with a lung cancer specialist in February , it was agreed that the 31-year-old could undergo the strongest chemotherapy available on the NHS . ` I was hoping it would be a benign tumour as I 'm young , fit and healthy but sadly that was n't the case , ' said Mr Rowe . ` Kate and I were so shocked as there is no history of any type of cancer in my family . ' He is facing chemotherapy in the hope it will shrink and maintain his tumours , to give him time to watch his children grow up . ` Our little girl , Sophia helps keep my spirits high , ' he said . ` I 'm so excited to meet our baby boy , Max , in June too and that definitely helps keep me going . ` My wife , Kate , friends and family have all been so supportive and that makes things a little easier too . ' Mr Rowe , who owned his own plastering business , was forced to sell the company in its 10th year . ` It was heartbreaking to sell my business , but I had no choice , ' he said . ` I knew I could n't continue with such a physical job while going through chemotherapy . ` It has made me very tired and weak so selling it was n't an option , I had to . ` I am in constant pain with the cancer and I feel very sick most of the time due to the chemotherapy . ' Had he been older , Mr Rowe said he suspects his cough would not have been dismissed so quickly . Mr Rowe has been told his cancer is inoperable , but is undergoing the strongest chemotherapy available on the NHS to try and shrink his tumours and give him more time with his wife , daughter and their baby . ` I 'm not one of those people who visit the doctor for no reason and they could see that from my medical records , ' he said . ` I knew something was seriously wrong , but no-one would listen to me because I 'm deemed too young for lung cancer . ` But my story proves that it can happen to anyone and maybe if I was n't ignored for two months then my prognosis might have been better . ` I hope other people read my story and look out for the symptoms of lung cancer so they can get an earlier diagnosis . ' A fundraising page has been set up for Mr Rowe by his friend of 20 years , Lee Bowtell . Dozens have since rallied to raise more than £ 10,000 in just two weeks . The aim is to help support the family financially after Mr Rowe was forced to sell his business . ` It 's unbelievable how well the fundraising page has done already , it 's amazing how many people want to help us and I ca n't thank Lee enough for setting it up , ' said Mr Rowe . ` It has taken a huge strain off of our family and we feel like I can focus on Max 's arrival in June rather than how to cope financially . ' To support the family , visit Mr Rowe 's GoFundMe page here . Mrs Rowe , 28 , is due to give birth to a little boy in June . Mr Rowe , said : ` Our little girl , Sophia helps keep my spirits high . I 'm so excited to meet our baby boy , Max , in June too and that definitely helps keep me going '