For a player known for his fearsome , fire-breathing nature in the centre of Arsenal 's midfield , who would protect goal like it was a pot of gold , it is fitting that he is preparing to be a football manager at Dragon Park . Patrick Vieira is set to complete his UEFA Pro Licence this summer leaving Manchester City 's Head of the Elite Development equipped for the top job . He has been taking his coaching badges with the Welsh Football Association under their technical director Osian Roberts . Given Manuel Pellegrini 's capitulation at City , the timing of their conclusion could not be better with Vieira itching for a chance to test himself amongst the best . Patrick Vieira has been part of the coaching team at Manchester City since he retired . Vieira worked as Football Development Executive at City before becoming reserve team manager . Vieira is one of the potential candidates in the frame to replace Manuel Pellegrini - if he were to leave . Under Premier League rules , there is nothing stopping Vieira taking charge now as they allow coaches without the full qualifications to take charge for 12 weeks . There is currently no real hurry , but in the coming months City 's top echelons will have some important decisions to make . Vieira 's contract at City is due to expire this summer and he is not prepared to hang around forever waiting for a chance at the helm . City 's teenagers are in awe of the man , having grown up watching him torment the Premier League for a decade at Arsenal and City and across Europe . Vieira played for Manchester City towards the end of his career after spells at Juventus and Inter Milan . Vieira was signed by former manager Roberto Mancini in 2011 . One of their brightest prospects on loan at Lille , Rony Lopes , told Sportsmail in an interview : ' It was like a dream just to meet someone like Vieira . For him to be the coach , it was the best thing in the world . From the first day , he was always very friendly , talking to me a lot , trying to pass on his knowledge and make me grow up as a player and a person . That was he wanted . He is very important to me . He keeps in touch with me , asking how I am . ' After a poor start to his time in charge of City 's young players they have made it to the UEFA Youth League quarter-finals for two successive seasons , enhancing Vieira 's reputation . Young Portuguese player Rony Lopes spoke highly of Vieira . The Frenchman also has allies in the first team , having played with Vincent Kompany and Joe Hart in his one season at the club in 2010/11 . When Vieira joined City in a coaching capacity in June 2013 his aim was to see how he progressed in ` the next few years , ' suggesting he is coming to a decision-making juncture in his career . He chose the Welsh FA and Roberts , who works alongside his deputy Carl Darlington , to complete his badges because the pair are known for developing individual coaches through their personality . Vieira is best remembered for the nine years he spent at Arsenal . Vieira made his name in England at Arsenal where he won seven major honours . Vieira has his own idea of how he wants to manage a side . ` My coaching style is a combination from my experience of working with Arsene Wenger , Fabio Capello and Jose Mourinho , ' he told Sportsmail in an interview . ` There is a little bit of all of them , plus my own experience to deliver my message . The relationship with the players is so important . I want to trust them but they must trust me , too . I like it because I want to be close with them . ` In February he added another stellar manager to his list of influences when he spent time at Bayern Munich with Pep Guardiola and his backroom staff . City 's academy director Mark Allen described how he likes his sides to play : ` We play out from the back , through the thirds , into midfield and then a possession-based game but with fast , attacking play . We want to keep the ball , have full-backs bombing on and work on a very fast recovery . Press , press , press and play again . '