England will no longer compete in the Victory Shield as the Football Association does not believe the competition suits the needs of its young players . Wayne Rooney , Sir Stanley Matthews , Duncan Edwards and Peter Shilton are all veterans of the long-contested Under 16 tournament between the different associations within the United Kingdom . England are the most successful team in the history of the Victory Shield , but it has been announced that they will not be fielding a side in the competition . The Football Association have taken the decision to withdraw from future Victory Shield tournaments . Wales are the current holders of the Victory Shield while England are the most successful country . 2010-11 : England . 2011-12 : England . 2012-13 : England . 2013-14 : Scotland . 2014-15 : Wales . A statement from the Football Association says the move ` ensures consistency with a key element of the England DNA ' , with the move borne out of the desire to aid development by facing opposition from further afield . It is understood the decision has been sped up by Sky Sports ' move to withdraw funding and propose an altered format , with Gareth Southgate , the FA 's head of national teams at St George 's Park , saying player development is the key reason . ` We are reviewing our fixture programme at all ages and it is important that with England we are able to give players an international experience that compliments their club development and attempts to expose them to something different , ' he said . ` At Under 16 level we may only have the boys for between 10 to 15 matches per season . Within that programme , it 's important to prioritise exposing them to European and world opposition . ` We feel that within their club programmes , they face many of the boys that they would face in the Victory Shield and so these fixtures , whilst competitive and exciting , do not expose our boys to different playing cultures . ` Although we recognise the historic interest in these matches , we are intent on maximising the football learning of our young players , while forming the programme of fixtures for the year around the crucial academic commitments our players face at this age group . ` We also feel that due to the changes in format , uncertainty around the Victory Shield and the potential changes suggested by Sky , it is a good time to review our fixtures and make an early decision so everyone can plan their 2015-16 fixtures with certainty . ' Man United captain Wayne Rooney is among the players who made a name for himself at the Victory Shield . The Football Association 's head of development Gareth Southgate put decision down to player development .