The full horror of ` crime and punishment ' under the Islamic State is laid bare in a document which sets out a list of harsh penalties for anyone who falls foul of the terror group 's strict interpretation of its own laws . Top of the list is ` death ' for anyone who insults God or his messenger or blasphemes against Islam . Adulterers who engage in a sexual relationship are to be stoned to death , while couples who have an affair without sexual contact can expect the more lenient punishment of 100 lashes and ` banishment ' from the community . Crucified : The list of ISIS ' gruesome punishments dictates that ` spying for disbelievers ' is punishable by death - a fate this man suffered by being publicly crucified . Stoned to death : The terror group broadcast this image of a man and women being stoned to death for having sex before marriage , as the barbaric list which surfaced on an ISIS propaganda website proclaims . Barbaric : It allegedly pertains to the IS-held territory in Aleppo but their brutal punishments have taken place in various places , including the death of this man in Raqqa , Syria after he was accused of being gay . Those guilty of ` highway robbery ' face crucifixion and offences such as drinking wine or ` calumny ' , making slanderous comments , each attract the punishment of 80 lashes . Homosexuality is also to be punished by ` death for the penetrator and the receiver ' while thieves will have their hands severed from their arms . The growing threat to the Islamic State from spies inside the group 's controlled territory has forced the religious leaders to impose a summary death penalty to all those found guilty of ` spying for the interests of the disbelievers ' . IS claims the list of ` religious punishments ' is a ` warning and deterrent ' to the kufr , or disbelievers and infidels . Many of the punishments have already been carried out by IS . Public crucifixions in the IS stronghold of Raqqa in northern Syria have become common-place while pictures of stonings and gay men being thrown from buildings have been widely circulated on social media . The new list of religious punishments pertains to the IS-controlled province of Aleppo and claims to be based on Sharia law . Death : Images which emerged last month a of a large bloodthirsty crowd who gathered to watch a young victim who was accused of being gay hurled off a mutti-storey building by ISIS fighters . Depraved : And only last week , militants fighting for the Islamic State in Iraq released gruesome footage showing an accused thief 's hand being hacked off by an industrial guillotine . It reads : ` Therefore , the Islamic State , believing in God - Almighty and Exalted is He - who has sent down the Book , and regarding as kufr -LSB- disbelief -RSB- the nations united to wage war on the Lord of the Lords , and regarding as kufr -LSB- disbelief -RSB- the judgements / rulings put in place by those created from the soil , pledges to God - Almighty and Exalted is He - to rule by His Shari'a in His land among His servants even if the disbelievers hate it . ` Thus we would like to make clear to the people the hudud -LSB- religious punishments -RSB- of God - Almighty and Exalted is He - as a warning and deterrent . ' The document pronounces : ` And indeed we make the people fear their Lord and call them to enter into His mercy by embracing His commands and adhering to His prohibition orders for that is the best outcome in that . ` Sharia law ' : The new list of religious punishments pertains to the IS-controlled province of Aleppo and claims to be based on Sharia law . ` And there is nothing better in the one judged if he does not submit to the law of the Lord and there is nothing better for the one who judges if he does not judge/rule his servants by the ruling of God . ` And indeed the Islamic State will not compromise on this great attainment for whose sake it has offered hundreds of martyrs from its pious and pure sons , but rather it has established the law of God among its soldiers , and it has brought judgements even of death without exception among them . ' The number of fighters leaving home to join al-Qaida and the Islamic State group in Iraq , Syria and other countries has spiked to more than 25,000 from over 100 nations , according to a new U.N. report . The panel of experts monitoring U.N. sanctions against al-Qaida said in the report obtained Wednesday by The Associated Press that its analysis indicates the number of foreign terrorist fighters worldwide increased by 71 percent between mid-2014 and March 2015 . It said the scale of the problem has increased over the past three years and the flow of foreign fighters ` is higher than it has ever been historically . ' Foreign fighters : The UN estimates the number of fighters leaving home to join ISIS militants - such as the Londoner dubbed Jihadi John -LRB- pictured -RRB- - has risen to over 25,000 from over 100 nations . The overall number of foreign terrorist fighters has ` risen sharply from a few thousand ... a decade ago to more than 25,000 today , ' the panel said in the report to the U.N. Security Council . The report said just two countries have accounted for over 20,000 foreign fighters : Syria and Iraq . They went to fight primarily for the Islamic State group but also the Al-Nusra Front . Looking ahead , the panel said the thousands of foreign fighters who traveled to Syria and Iraq are living and working in ` a veritable ` international finishing school ' for extremists , ' as was the case in Afghanistan in the 1990s .