Newcastle are set to strip Fabricio Coloccini of the captaincy this summer and give the armband to Daryl Janmaat , should he remain at the club . Former Argentina defender Coloccini has been skipper since 2011 but head coach John Carver says the club will review that position at the end of the season . The Magpies have repeatedly been let down by those appointed to lead the team this year and that has infuriated coaching staff . Newcastle boss John Carver is set to strip Fabricio Coloccini -LRB- above -RRB- of the club captaincy this summer . Daryl Janmaat will be given the honour during the summer with Carver labelling him as ` outstanding ' Coloccini was needlessly sent off during last month 's 3-0 defeat at Everton and landed a three-match ban which ruled him out of the Tyne-Wear derby . In his absence , Moussa Sissoko skippered the team to three defeats and was himself red carded during Monday 's 2-0 loss at Liverpool following a reckless lunge on midfielder Lucas . The France international -- who is desperate to quit St James ' in the summer -- is now facing a club fine as punishment for his indiscipline . Meanwhile , official vice-captain Cheick Tiote has long since been agitating for a move away from Tyneside and he has only appeared 12 times this season because of injury . Carver said : ` The captaincy is something that has to be addressed by the football club . ` We need to give the captaincy to somebody who is responsible , who is a leader . The players will follow a leader , and they have to have discipline on and off the pitch . Carver said on Thursday : ` We need to give the captaincy to somebody who is responsible , who is a leader ' ` I should n't have to go in there and manage that dressing room -- that 's what your captains are there for . I would definitely review the situation in the summer . ' Carver will recommend that Holland defender Janmaat is rewarded for an impressive first season . He , though , is attracting interest from Liverpool and , given the unsettled situation at the club right now , could be tempted by a move away . But there has been no question over Janmaat 's commitment this season , as Carver added : ` I 'd be tempted -LRB- to make Janmaat captain -RRB- , yes , because he 's a proper leader . ` He 's got character , strength , he 's good around the dressing room . Whatever you ask him to do he 'll do it and he has a good presence around the place . ` He leads by example , and that 's what you need a captain to do . Daryl has been outstanding . Moussa Sissoko hands the captains armband over to manager Carver after being sent off at Liverpool . ` This is his first year in the Premier League and he 's been outstanding , whatever position he 's played in . It 's important we keep him . We need to keep our best players . ' Coloccini , however , will captain the team for Sunday 's visit of Spurs . And Carver said : ` If it was me , I 'd want to prove a point . ` If it was me who had been sent off and I was the captain of the football club , I 'd want to perform for the next six games , because I have been sent off and we 've had to reshuffle the back four because of it . ` And I think he will give a good response because will be disappointed at what 's happened . He 'll not want to see this team struggle like they did a few seasons ago and end up in the Championship . ' Referee Martin Atkinson shows Coloccini a red card during last month 's trip to Everton at Goodison Park .