The heartbroken grandmother of a toddler who died of massive head injuries after her drug-addicted mother and violent partner forced her to ride a motorbike that repeatedly crashed has wept with relief at a coroner 's findings . Little Chloe Valentine , 4 , died of massive head injuries after being forced to ride a motorbike that repeatedly crashed over a three-day period in the backyard of her Adelaide home in January 2012 . Her mother , Ashlee Polkinghorne , and her then partner are in jail after pleading guilty to Chloe 's manslaughter through criminal neglect . In an emotional statement outside the Adelaide inquest on Thursday , Chloe 's grandmother Belinda Valentine welcomed Coroner Mark Johns ' ruling that Families SA was broken and fundamentally flawed and that the agency 's lack of action over Chloe 's mother 's drug use was a complete failure . ` The sun comes up tomorrow even though you do n't want it to , ' Mrs Valentine said . At an inquest into her death on Tuesday authorities said social workers missed the chance to save Chloe Valentine , 4 , who died of massive head injuries in 2012 . In an emotional statement outside the Adelaide inquest on Thursday , Chloe 's grandmother Belinda Valentine welcomed Coroner Mark Johns ' ruling that Families SA was broken and fundamentally flawed . The inquest has heard Chloe was forced to endure chronic neglect at the hands of her drug-using teenage mother Ashlee Polkinghorne -LRB- left -RRB- and her partner Benjamin Robert McPartland -LRB- right -RRB- . ` We are actually the lucky ones , because we had Chloe in our life ' , her grandmother said . ` We are actually the lucky ones , because we had Chloe in our life . ` She loved us , and we loved her very much . ` She will always be our four-year-old , but as we move forward she will always come with us . In a scathing verdict , the coroner found social workers ` flagrantly disregarded ' their legal responsibilities to seize children from neglectful parents . Mr Johns said nothing short of a ` massive overhaul ' was required by the agency . ' -LRB- Families SA -RRB- took the path of least resistance , and the whole history of its dealing with Ashlee is a history of drift , irresolution and aimlessness , ' he said . Mr Johns described Polkinghorne as an ` accomplished and manipulative liar ' who easily fooled her case workers . ` Ashlee was given virtually limitless opportunities to address her problems , ' he said . She was often given the benefit of the doubt by social workers , who helped clean her house and avoided confronting her about her drug use . Polkinghorne was also provided with three supported accommodation sites and government-subsidised childcare . The young girl was forced to ride a motorbike for days on end by her drug addicted mother and her partner . Chloe died in 2012 from head injuries sustained after being forced to ride a motorbike three times her weight for days on end by her drug addicted mother Ashley Polkinghorne and her partner at the time . Belinda Valentine said she repeatedly begged authorities to take Chloe off her parents and into her care . He said the agency made a ` mistake ' when they declared it was unnecessary to drug test Polkinghorne , a known amphetamine user , and condemned the ` rigid ' agency 's failure to consider Chloe 's grandmother as a potential guardian . Before Chloe died , Families SA received 20 abuse notifications from friends and family concerned about the girl 's filthy , transient and unsafe living conditions . Handing down 22 recommendations to improve the system , Mr Johns said there had been a lack of analysis , lack of clinical supervision and a lack of leadership . During the inquest , counsel for Families SA , Michael Grant , said it was n't clear whether Chloe would have been saved if the agency had intervened more forcefully . ` Families SA does operate in a hideous and imperfect world , ' he said . ` It 's not certain , in my submission , what would have happened if that circuit breaker had been applied . ' The South Australian government is expected to respond to the coroner 's finding later on Thursday . Mrs Valentine said the coroner 's recommendations ` can be taken now ' . Belinda Valentine -LRB- left -RRB- has slammed Families SA saying they could have saved her granddaughter Chloe Valentine 's -LRB- right -RRB- life . Ms Valentine said she called social worker Leanne Stewart from the scene of a domestic dispute pleading to take Chloe away from Ashley . However Ms Stewart -LRB- pictured -RRB- denied in court that such a phone call ever took place . A comprehensive review of Chloe 's case had made clear that a ` circuit-breaker ' was needed to save the girl from the chaos in her life . The coroner has asked why Chloe 's mother Ashley was repeatedly given the benefit of the doubt . Families SA received 20 child abuse notifications during Chloe 's short life from witnesses concerned about the girl 's filthy , transient and unsafe living conditions .