Passengers hoping to make a short domestic flight Friday were trapped on the tarmac at an airport for six hours with only one bathroom between them . Men , women and children who boarded a United Express flight from Kansas City , Missouri , to Denver , Colorado , were instead diverted to Colorado Springs due to bad weather . The 6 am flight took just an hour and a half to get to the unscheduled stop at Colorado Springs - but then languished for another six hours , before everybody was ordered off anyway . Scroll down for video . Stuck : Passengers headed from Kansas City to Denver were rerouted due to bad weather - and left sat on the tarmac for six hours at Colorado Springs airport . Stuck : The flight was stuck on the tarmac from early Friday morning until after lunchtime . Pictured above are several United Express planes waiting . The 6 am flight took just an hour and a half to get to the unscheduled stop at Colorado Springs - but then languished for another six hours , before everybody was ordered off anyway . According to local news station KOAA , those aboard Flight 4934 , which was being operated by Republic Airlines , were finally taken to their destination by bus . In accordance with federal law the airline gave people the chance to get off the plane after it had been stuck for three hours . But passengers were told that if they got off , that would be the end of their trip and they would have to give up on connecting flights and make their own way from Colorado Springs . Trapped : Pictured is Kathie Ridings , one of the passengers who was stuck at Colorado Springs . According to those on board , virtually everyone chose to stay on the plane . In the mean time , passengers told how the short-haul flight 's meager supplies of crackers and water dwindled , while the single bathroom became ` foul ' and ran out of necessary supplies . A Republic spokesman told DailyMail.com : ` Passengers were offered the opportunity to deplane , despite several erroneous media reports . ` Republic eventually cancelled the flight , and the Company repositioned another aircraft so passengers could continue on to their destination . ` Further , United was reaching out to customers to offer compensation . Republic apologizes for the inconvenience , but as always , the safety of our customers and crew is always our number one priority ' .