Google has developed a system to allow robots to download new personalities online . The system would allow machines to download them in a similar way to an app - and even have a different personality for each user . The patent says that the personality could replicate the robot 's owner , ` a deceased loved one , ' or ` a celebrity , ' Scroll down for video . The California giant 's patent says that the robot personality could replicate the robot 's owner , ` a deceased loved one , ' or ` a celebrity . ' Above it Atlas , which according to Google-owned Boston Dynamics , is a ` high mobility , humanoid robot designed to negotiate outdoor , rough terrain . According to Google owned Boston Dynamics , Atlas is a ` high mobility , humanoid robot designed to negotiate outdoor , rough terrain . ` Atlas can walk bipedally leaving the upper limbs free to lift , carry , and manipulate the environment . ` In extremely challenging terrain , Atlas is strong and coordinated enough to climb using hands and feet , to pick its way through congested spaces . ' Google 's patent details a cloud-based system where a personality could be downloaded to a robot , in the same way one might download an app . ` The robot personality may also be modifiable within a base personality construct -LRB- i.e. , a default-persona -RRB- to provide states or moods representing transitory conditions of happiness , fear , surprise , perplexion -LRB- e.g. , the Woody Allen robot -RRB- , thoughtfulness , derision -LRB- e.g. , the Rodney Dangerfield robot -RRB- , and so forth , ' states the patent . Friends will even be able to clone their robots and swap aspects of its personality . ` The personality and state may be shared with other robots so as to clone this robot within another device or devices . ` In this manner , a user may travel to another city , and download within a robot in that city -LRB- another ` skin ' -RRB- the personality and state matching the user 's ` home location ' robot . ` The robot personality thereby becomes transportable or transferable . ' The firm also explains ` This disclosure relates to a robot imbued with a personality , or personalities . ` In particular , but without limitation , the disclosure provides for a robot that operates with personality attributes and related capabilities drawn from cloud computing capacities . ` Personality may be thought of as personification in the sense of human characteristics or qualities attributed to a non-human thing . ` A robot can be programmed to provide a desired look as well as interactability for the robot , which may be subject to change by the user or by the robot itself , such that the robot interface is customized to provide a desired personality for the robot . ' Google already owns several firms developing robotic technology , including Atlas , 6.2 feet of metal with a plastic body that can walk , run , jump and even open doors . This is latest version of the Atlas robot created by Boston Dynamics , a Google-owned robot firm . Later this year , seven of the robots will compete in a ` robo oylmpics ' - designed to recreate natural disasters the robots could one day be sent into . A total of $ 3.5 million in prizes will now be awarded to the top three finishers in the DARPA Robotics Challenge -LRB- DRC -RRB- , the final event of which will be held June 5-6 , 2015 , at Fairplex in California . Aside from the previously announced $ 2 million grand prize , DARPA plans to award $ 1 million to the runner-up and $ 500,000 to the third-place team . Google 's patent drawings reveal the system can share personalities and download them . DARPA expects at least twenty teams to compete in the DRC Finals . ` The goal of the DRC is to generate groundbreaking research and development in hardware and software that will enable future robots , in tandem with human counterparts , to perform the most hazardous activities in disaster zones , thus reducing casualties and saving lives , ' it said . The teams using the DARPA-developed Atlas robot will use an entirely new version , which is battery powered for the first time . The Atlas robot created by Google-owned firm Boston Dynamics is a formidable figure at 6ft 2in tall and weighing in at 330 lb . The robot boasts 28 hydraulically actuated joints and stereo vision , and is one of the most advanced robots ever created . Atlas will also now carry an onboard 3.7-kilowatt-hour lithium-ion battery pack , with the potential for one hour of ` mixed mission ' operation that includes walking , standing , use of tools , and other movements . The upgraded Atlas is 75 percent new -- only the lower legs and feet were carried over from the original design . Gill Pratt , of DARPA said : ` Atlas unplugged is the upgrade to allow it to run entirely on batteries . ` We have to cut the cord . ' ` The new Atlas is 75 % new , it has much more dexterity and is quieter , and stronger . ` The introduction of a battery and variable-pressure pump into Atlas poses a strategic challenge for teams , ' said Pratt . ` The operator will be able to run the robot on a mid-pressure setting for most operations to save power , and then apply bursts of maximum pressure when additional force is needed . ' During the finals , a series of events will be held to replicate disasters . ` The finals will be very hard . We want them to be more like real disasters , the robots will have to do all these tasks in sequence with no human help . Given their identical hardware , the Atlas teams will have to differentiate themselves through software , control interfaces , and competition strategy . Other firms are already developing robots with ` friendly ' personalities . Teams will have a few options on the selection of tasks they choose to attempt and the order they do them -- and must manage time and battery life during their runs -- but DARPA expects that the top-placing teams will complete all of the tasks . Teams are likely to keep their robots connected to fall arrestors during much of the remaining months of training as a safeguard against premature damage to the robot . DARPA demonstrated the new Atlas with a fall arrestor in place . ` Risk mitigation is part of the game , ' Pratt said . ` It 's up to the teams to decide what chances they 're willing to take during training and risk falls and damage , but come the DRC Finals , the cords are cut . ' The researchers even taught the robot to stand on one leg - recreating a key scene from the film in the process . The Atlas robot has already shown it can walk , jump and even drive a car . However , it 's not just karate - Ian has another trick up his sleeve - software written by the Florida Institute for Human and Machine Interaction which allows him to drive a car . ` To achieve this level of maneuverability in robots , researchers at IHMC look toward nature , ' the team say . ` Inspired by the speed of cheetahs , the endurance of horses , the maneuverability of monkeys , and the versatility of humans , IHMC researchers are on a quest to develop legged robots that are fast , efficient , and graceful , with the mobility required to access many of the same places that humans can . ' At the US Government 's Robo-Olympics , Ian came second , despite competing as a virtual software simulation . Despite his lack of limbs , the world 's most innocuously named ` bot was able to walk , carry a fire hose and , most impressively , get in a car and drive it . The ` crane ' stance , being held by Karate Kid Daniel LaRusso -LRB- played by Ralph Maccio left -RRB- in the 1984 film inspired the latest movements of the Atlas robot . It demonstrates strong balancing skills and composure and showcases the agility of the Google-owned machine , said the firm . Atlas is a high mobility , humanoid robot designed to negotiate outdoor , rough terrain , Boston Dynamics said . ` Atlas can walk bipedally leaving the upper limbs free to lift , carry , and manipulate the environment . In extremely challenging terrain , Atlas is strong and coordinated enough to climb using hands and feet , to pick its way through congested spaces . The Atlas robot has an articulated sensor head includes stereo cameras and a laser range finder so it can ` see ' where it is going . ` Articulated , sensate hands will enable Atlas to use tools designed for human use . Atlas includes 28 hydraulically-actuated degrees of freedom , two hands , arms , legs , feet and a torso . ` An articulated sensor head includes stereo cameras and a laser range finder . ' Atlas is powered from an off-board , electric power supply via a flexible tether - although a new version promises to remove this .