Scientists have revealed a sophisticated new dating technique shows that Little Foot , an important fossil of an early human forerunner unearthed in the 1990s in South Africa , is roughly 3.7 million years old . ` The age of Little Foot has been highly debated , ' said geologist Darryl Granger of Purdue University in Indiana , whose research appears in the journal Nature . The study found Little Foot , a member of the species Australopithecus prometheus , lived at roughly the same time as Australopithecus afarensis , the species whose most famous fossil , known as Lucy , comes from Ethiopia . Scroll down for video . The researchers analyzed 11 rock samples from around the nearly complete Little Foot fossil skeleton from theSterkfontein Caves to gauge its age . The researchers analyzed 11 rock samples from around the nearly complete Little Foot fossil skeleton from the Sterkfontein Caves to gauge its age . The species was much bigger and taller than Lucy 's , with gorilla-like facial features but fully upright and very strong with powerful hands for climbing . Like Lucy , Little Foot was female . Its hands were proportioned like ours , with a long thumb and relatively short fingers and palm , unlike the elongated hands of modern apes . Its legs were slightly longer than its arms , unlike modern apes . Both species blended ape-like and human-like traits but with different features . The researchers analyzed 11 rock samples from around the nearly complete Little Foot fossil skeleton from the Sterkfontein Caves to gauge its age . The findings may have important implications about the evolutionary relationships among humankind 's ancient relatives . Our species , Homo sapiens , appeared roughly 200,000 years ago . Earlier members of the human genus , Homo , date back more than 2 million years . Our genus was predated by other species on the human family tree including various representatives of the genus Australopithecus . Members of Lucy 's species were contemporaries of Little Foot , although Lucy herself lived about 500,000 years later . Like Lucy , Little Foot was female . The species was much bigger and taller than Lucy 's , with gorilla-like facial features but fully upright and very strong with powerful hands for climbing , according to paleoanthropologists Ron Clarke and Kathy Kuman of the University of the Witwatersrand in Johannesburg . The face of Little Foot , which has now been accurately dated for the first time . Its hands were proportioned like ours , with a long thumb and relatively short fingers and palm , unlike the elongated hands of modern apes . Its legs were slightly longer than its arms , unlike modern apes . Clarke and Kuman noted similarities in facial structure and some teeth between Little Foot and the later human relative Paranthropus , indicating Little Foot 's species may have been ancestral to Paranthropus or a close cousin . The new date for Little Foot indicates Lucy 's species was not the only one that could have given rise to later members of the human family tree , Clarke and Kuman said . ` The fact , therefore , that we have at least two -LRB- Australopithecus -RRB- species living at the same time in different parts of Africa , -LRB- about -RRB- 3.67 million years ago , raises the question of how many other species there may have been which have not yet been discovered , ' Clarke and Kuman said by email . The team used Purdue 's PRIME Lab 's powerful accelerator mass spectrometer and a new detector , called a gas-filled magnet detector , to measure the radioisotopes . ` We succeeded in our measurement , but we were surprised the dates were so old , ' said Darryl Granger , a professor of earth , atmospheric and planetary sciences at Purdue . The team used Purdue 's PRIME Lab 's powerful accelerator mass spectrometer and a new detector , called a gas-filled magnet detector , to measure the radioisotopes . ` We succeeded in our measurement , but we were surprised the dates were so old , ' Granger said . ` We double-and triple-checked our results , running the measurement again and again . ' The gas-filled magnet creates a different charge on the two radioisotopes and throws the magnesium-26 on a different path with a curvature that misses the detector . This lowers the magnesium ratio and increases the aluminum-26 count in the sample that makes it to the detector , which results in a much smaller margin of error in the measurement . some of the other material found at the site : Stone tools found at a different level of the Sterkfontein cave also were dated at 2.18 million years old , making them among the oldest known stone tools in South Africa . The gas-filled magnet detector was originally to be used to analyze samples of solar wind collected by the Genesis spacecraft . Unfortunately , the space capsule carrying the samples crashed in 2004 on its return to Earth . The crash delayed analysis of the Genesis samples , but Caffee continued to build the detector and it was completed the summer of 2014 . Caffee has since used it to perform analysis for other projects , including those from the Sterkfontein site . ` Only a few detectors of this kind exist in the world , ' Caffee said . ` We double-and triple-checked our results , running the measurement again and again . ' The gas-filled magnet creates a different charge on the two radioisotopes and throws the magnesium-26 on a different path with a curvature that misses the detector . This lowers the magnesium ratio and increases the aluminum-26 count in the sample that makes it to the detector , which results in a much smaller margin of error in the measurement . Ron Clarke , a professor in the Evolutionary Studies Institute at Wits University in South Africa holds the Little Foot skull , among the oldest hominid skeletons ever dated at 3.67 million years old , according to an advanced dating method . The date places Little Foot as an older relative of Lucy , a famous Australopithecus skeleton dated at 3.2 million years old that was found in Ethiopia . The gas-filled magnet detector was originally to be used to analyze samples of solar wind collected by the Genesis spacecraft . Unfortunately , the space capsule carrying the samples crashed in 2004 on its return to Earth . The crash delayed analysis of the Genesis samples , but Caffee continued to build the detector and it was completed the summer of 2014 . The new findings suggest Little Foot roamed the Earth at around the same time as the famed 3.2-million-year-old Lucy , an Australopithecus afarensis - shown in a reconstruction above . When discovered in Hadar , Ethiopia , Lucy was the only skeleton of the species known ; she would 've stood 3.5 feet -LRB- about a meter -RRB- tall . Currently , more than 300 individuals of this species , which lived between about 3.85 million and 2.95 million years ago , have been uncovered . Caffee has since used it to perform analysis for other projects , including those from the Sterkfontein site . ` Only a few detectors of this kind exist in the world , ' Caffee said . ` One of the reasons I came to Purdue was to be a part of the revolutionary science that can be done when such resources are applied to challenging problems . These results highlight what can be accomplished through a collaboration that spans multiple disciplines . It could n't have happened without the unique skills and resources each person brought to the table . ' INRAP 's French researcher Laurent Bruxelles shows Little Foot , a fossil with both ape-like and human features found in a cave at the Sterkfontein site , near Johannesburg . The ` Cradle of Life ' is one of eight World Heritage Sites in South Africa . In 2008 the 47,000 hectare site site yielded the . discovery of Australopithecus sediba - thought to be an early human . ancestor that combines simian and modern human characteristics . The world-renowned Sterkfontein Caves is home to the oldest and most continuous paleaontological dig in the world . It is also the site of discovery of the famous pre-human skull affectionately known as ` Mrs Ples ' , and the almost complete hominid skeleton called ` Little Foot ' . Granger 's original attempt was the first time aluminum-26 and beryllium-10 radioisotopic dating had been used to determine the age of a fossil . He developed the method in 1997 and first used it to study changes in mountains , rivers and other geological formations . Because of their very slow rate of decay , these particular radioisotopes allow dating to reach back millions of years , much further in history than the more commonly known carbon-14 dating that can only stretch back about 50,000 years , he said . Only a small amount of the radioisotopes remain in the quartz after millions of years , and it can only be measured by the ultrasensitive analysis of accelerator mass spectrometry . ` We had given up and nearly walked away from the project thinking we had failed , ' Granger said . ` Then the new detector was completed , and we thought we would give it one last try . ' Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .