Jermain Defoe says his stunning Wear-Tyne derby winner is justification for his decision to quit MLS and return to the Premier League . The former FC Toronto striker had scored just twice for struggling Sunderland since arriving on £ 80,000-per-week wages in January . But Defoe was the hero on Sunday as his 20-yard volley proved enough to secure a fifth straight victory for the Black Cats over Newcastle . Sunderland striker Jermain Defoe believes his stunning volley against Newcastle has proven his worth . Defoe 's superb first-half strike was enough to secure a 1-0 win for Sunderland in the Wear-Tyne derby . Newcastle goalkeeper Tim Krul was completely helpless as Defoe 's shot found its way into the top corner . The 32-year-old was overcome with emotion in the wake of his brilliant blast , and admits the joy it brought to a sold-out Stadium of Light was too much to take in . ` I have said many times that I missed the Premier League and it 's because of games like this , ' he said . ` Games like this are why I came back . Being at a club like this , they just love football . I was told before that if I come here and work hard and score goals , they wo n't ask for anything more . ` And I just love scoring goals , the fans deserved it . It 's been really difficult for them in the last few weeks but they always turn out . ` It was the whole occasion really that got to me . It was great to be the person that made so many people happy . I was just thinking , ` Why me ? ' . ` As the whistle went for half-time and as I was walking down the tunnel I thought , ` I 'm crying and I 'm on the telly ' , but I did n't care . For the fans and everyone it was just a special day . ' The victory was the first of Dick Advocaat 's reign and moved Sunderland up to 15th . Defoe has compared the feeling of scoring the winner against Newcastle to scoring at the World Cup . Defoe added : ` The manager said to use beforehand that we were lucky to be playing in a game like this . ` There are so many young kids who wish they could play in a game like this . To be blessed enough and to score the winner is amazing . ` Going on the bus towards the game and seeing everyone outside the hotel , wanting autographs and pictures , there were so many fans there that I felt , ` Wow , this is a massive game ' . ` When I scored I got that same feeling as when I scored in the World Cup . I missed the World Cup in 2006 when I felt in my heart I should have gone . ` It hurt me when I did n't go but I went to the next one and when I got the goal -LRB- against Slovenia -RRB- I was emotional . ` That was scoring in a World Cup for your country . It was the same on Sunday . ' Defoe joined Sunderland from MLS side FC Toronoto and feels glad to be back in the Premier League .