A popular Twin Cities radio host has revealed her year of terror after she was stalked by a stranger who bombarded her with emails , calls and presents , including bottles of wine and sausages . Maria Lucia detailed her year-long battle in a letter to fans on The Current 's website on Wednesday as she explained she would be taking some time off from the station following the ordeal . The alleged stalker , Patrick Henry Kelly , from Eden Prairie , has been charged in the case and is set to go on trial next week . He faces up to 10 years in prison if convicted . ` This has been a tough year for me , ' Lucia , 44 , wrote in the online letter . Terrified : Patrick Henry Kelly , left , allegedly repeatedly violated a restraining order radio host Mary Lucia , right , had taken out against him after he sent her letters , emails and gifts to her home and workplace . ` My life over the last year has involved a series of restraining orders , seemingly endless calls to 911 , the installation of security cameras at home , and police photo ID line-ups . ` I 've been constantly looking over my shoulder , dead-bolting doors , and jumping when someone rings my doorbell or my motion lights go off . ' It began when Kelly , 56 , wrote Lucia a letter about his dead dog and she responded sympathetically in March 2014 , the Star-Tribune reported . He then started sending her ` delusional ' e-mails and calling her on her personal numbers . He also sent her gifts , including flowers , sausages , candy and a picture of a man in a mask , to both her home and her workplace , according to court records . In July , she filed for a restraining order against him . ` He believes we are in a relationship , ' she told the court . ` He got ahold of my cellphone # somehow and left me a message about getting together this weekend . He 's unstable and delusional . ' Fears : Lucia posted this letter detailing her terrifying ordeal to The Current 's website on Wednesday as she explained to fans why she would be taking some time off work for a while . She was granted the restraining order , which prevented him from being within two city blocks of her Minneapolis home , but he allegedly went on to violate it on multiple occasions . ` I wake up thinking of you and repeat before bed , ' he allegedly wrote in one handwritten note he sent Lucia . ` This feeling is so real to me ! Just ca n't ignore it anymore . ' He left candles , a bottle of wine , a frog calculator and flowers at her home - allegedly violating the restraining order five times between August and October 2014 . ` Do you know what it 's like to feel unsafe watching a band at First Avenue ? ' Lucia wrote online on Wednesday . ` To worry any time a stranger approaches you ? To not be able to sleep or eat properly ? That 's what my past year has been like . ` I 've made a 21-year career on the radio in this town being honest and authentic , and now I 'm deathly afraid to reveal too much of myself on the air . ' Scary : Lucia , pictured , said she was always looking over her shoulder or fearful when a stranger approached her because of how Kelly allegedly bombarded her with letters and emails saying they should be together . After the incessant contact , station officials alerted the St. Paul police department , which launched an investigation before turning it over to Minneapolis authorities . Kelly was charged last October with a single count of stalking for violating the court order . He could go to prison for up to 10 years as well as a $ 20,000 fine if he is found guilty at his trial , which starts on Tuesday . Lucia did not say how much time she will be taking off but said she plans to return ` soon ' . Minnesota Public Radio issued a statement on Thursday saying it supports Lucia ` completely in her decision to take a leave of absence ' .