One of three kidnappers was granted parole 39 years after hijacking a school bus full of children and burying them alive in infamous caper inspired by the film Dirty Harry . The state Board of Parole Hearings granted parole to 63-year-old James Schoenfeld on the 20th time it considered the possibility of releasing the California man , the Fresno Bee reported . Details of the decision to release Schoenfeld were not immediately available . Schoenfield abducted the children and then kept them ` buried alive ' in an underground trailer while he and his co-conspirators negotiated a $ 5million ransom . A state parole board granted parole for James Schoenfeld today , 39 years after he kidnapped 26 children on a school bus along with the driver in the hopes of asking for $ 5 million ransom . Granted parole : James Schoenfeld is escorted by Sgt. Splan of the Alameda County Sheriffs organization as Schoenfeld is removed from the Alameda County Jail in Oakland , California on August 4 , 1976 . Dirty Harry : The kidnappers were inspired by the 1971 film Clint Eastwood film Dirty Harry in which the antagonist kidnaps a school bus for ransom . California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation spokesman Bill Sessa said the ruling will now go through an internal review that could take up to four months before a recommended parole date is sent to Governor Jerry Brown . The kidnappers were influenced by the iconic 1971 Clint Eastwood film Dirty Harry in which the antagonist kidnaps a school bus of children in exchange for ransom . ` You 've got to ask yourself a question : ` do I feel lucky ? ' Well , do ya , punk ? ' Eastwood as cop Harry Callahan famously says to an injured criminal at the end of the flick . . Schoenfeld , 24 at the time of the notorious crime , his brother , Richard , and a friend , Fred Woods , were convicted of kidnapping 26 school students aged 5-14 and their bus driver Ed Ray in 1976 . The driver stopped to see if men in a white van needed help . But three masked men , later identified as brothers Richard and James Schoenfeld and Frederick Woods , stormed onto the vehicle brandishing guns and forced Ray to the back of the bus . The children and Ray were loaded onto two vans and driven around for 11 hours , during which time the hungry , petrified children soiled themselves and held each other in fear . They then drove the vans to a quarry near Livermore and forced their captives into a buried trailer stocked with mattresses , food and water and equipped with fans and ventilation . Free : Young victims of the Chowchilla kidnaping huddle together under happier circumstances for celebration honoring them and bus driver Ed Ray on Sunday , August 22 , 1976 after they were able to escape . Changed : Victims of the Chowchilla bus kidnapping , pictured a few years ago , have recounted their lifelong struggle after the traumatic kidnapping . The kidnappers , all from wealthy Bay Area families , planned to ask for a $ 5 million ransom for their hostages . Their plot , which they had worked on for 18 months , unraveled when they took a nap , and students and bus driver were able to escape through the hole in the ground unhurt . The driver and older boys were able to stack mattresses to a hole in the top of the van . They pushed open a weighted-down metal lid and freed the children who had spent 16 hours underground . ` He was a courageous man , ' Medrano said of Ray , the driver . ` He kept 26 scared children in line and made us feel safe . ' But even when they started to escape , they feared the men were waiting outside for them , she said . All three men received life sentences after pleaded guilty to kidnapping charges . Richard Schoenfeld was paroled in 2012 . Woods remains in prison after he was denied parole in November 2012 and could be up for a parole hearing this fall . The victims of the kidnapping described the suffering they felt 39 years later in a heartfelt letter to the parole board . They expressed the desire for their captors to remain in jail . Jennifer Brown Hyde who was 9-years-old when she was kidnapped along with her 10-year-old brother described the chilling memory and life long trauma she has endured . ` I was honestly brutal , ' said Brown Hyde . Hyde is now 48 and lives in Tennessee . The hero : Ed Ray Jr. the school bus driver was hailed as a hero for helping 26 students escape after three men kidnapped the group died in 2012 . Frank Edward Ray , pictured in 1992 , stands in Chowchilla , California by the bus from which he and 26 students were kidnapped years before . ` I wrote that they buried me alive , they stole my childhood and caused me immense emotional pain over the years . It affected my life , my parents ' lives and my children 's lives . ' ` For me , it 's having to deal with hatred and anger toward other human beings , and that 's a struggle that almost 40 years later I still have to deal with , ' she added . ` Until recently I slept with a night light . I have anxiety attacks when I 'm in a confined space , and it 's a problem living in the South when we have tornado warnings and we have to take cover in storm shelters . ... They took away my ability to be free . ' The Fresno Bee reports that the kidnapping affected Hyde 's ability to be a mother to two children since she did not have what she considers a normal childhood . ` You do n't go from being buried alive and thinking you 're going to die to having a normal childhood , ' she said . ` I 'm fortunate I 'm not incarcerated or hooked on drugs , which is how some of the kids dealt with it . I 'm as OK as a broken person can be . ' Kidnapping victims Lynda Carrejo Lavendeira and Jodi Heffington-Medrano attended Wednesday 's hearing . Madera County District Attorney David Linn said he was disappointed , but said he was not surprised that the men were granted parole . ` We 're very much opposed to releasing him , ' Linn said on Wednesday . ` We sent our senior prosecutor there to argue in person , rather than a letter , because we felt it is important enough for the people of Chowchilla to make sure he stay in prison for as long as possible . ' Buried alive : This is the trailer where the children escape from their armed captors - thanks to the bravery of the bus driver . The van : This is how it looked on Friday , July 23 , 1976 inside the van in which 26 Chowchilla school children and their bus driver were held captive after being abducted . LInn attributed parole to the prison system 's overcrowding . ` The word has been on the street within government circles for the past couple of months that they were going to go ahead and grant it , ' he said . ` Considering what 's been happening throughout the whole California prison system , I 'm not surprised , ' Linn added . Linn said that his main focus is helping the victims come to terms with the news and to help them recover from their irreversible trauma . ` I did everything I could to resist it . Even his current attorneys wanted to meet with me and I refused to do that , ' he said . ` What I want to do now is reach out to the victims , let them know we 're here for them . ' Survivors : The Chowchilla victims kidnapped in 1976 recount the horrors they faced later in life as a result of their childhood trauma . Brown Hyde is no longer afraid of her captors but feels as though they should be serving life in prison and said that she could never forgive them . ` But for me it 's a feeling of injustice because we were told they would never get out , ' she said . ` They got life in prison . It feels like a betrayal because the legal team that put them there , the DA and the judge , later came out on their side and said they never should have served this long . That 's what I have a hard time with . ... Money can obviously buy you freedom . ' ` I have to deal with the fact that I still struggle with forgiveness , ' Brown Hyde said . ` I will never forget , but it was such a traumatic ordeal that even as a Christian it 's difficult for me to forgive . That 's how bad it was . '