It had seemed likely to be the moment amateur jockey Lewis Ferguson had dreamt of -- a first win on his first ride for new boss , champion trainer Paul Nicholls . But as he approaches the final fence of the John Dufosee Memorial Hunter Chase at Wincanton , clear leader Merrion Square swerves and he loses his balance . As Merrion Square cleanly jumps the fence alongside him , the 18-year-old rider 's waist collides with the fence with such force that he pivots . The birch of the fence acts like a spring board as Ferguson is made to look like a crash-test dummy as his momentum is brought to a juddering halt . 18-year-old amateur jockey Lee Ferguson is flung from his horse in spectacular fashion at Wincanton . The jockey from Hawick is propelled into an almost perfect 360 degree trajectory . His feet point directly to the sky as he continues through a spectacular and heart-stopping rotation that remarkably has all the grace of an Olympic gymnast on his way to maximum points for artistic interpretation . Ferguson 's whip goes flying as he begins to exit his spin and the turf starts to rush towards the disorientated young jockey . There is no time to brace himself for the impact with the on-rushing turf which is about to face him but fortunately at least he has been thrown clear of the chasing horses . Jockey Ferguson hits the fence after his ride stumbles wildly on the approach to the fence . Colliding with the barrier forces the amateur jockey into a spectacular mid-air somersault . Merrion Square was a hotly tipped favourite to win the 4.20 at Wincanton on Wednesday . Impact imminent , no evasion . Ferguson bounces back to earth but remarkably suffers no more than being briefly winded . He is able to stand and walk away with minimum assistance from attendants . A relieved Nicholls later jokes : ` The only thing damaged is his pride ! ' While Ferguson says : ` I was n't aware of what had happened until after I watched the replay in the Weighing Room . I was just a bit winded . I have never had a fall like that before . It is not something you can practise for . Hopefully , it will never happen again . I am on the television but not for the right reasons . Coombe Hill won the race at 4-1 for trainer and former jockey Chris Honour . Ferguson escaped the fall with only ` dented pride ' according to trainer Paul Nicholls . Ferguson crashes to the turf but managed to walk away from the freak fall unscathed . Meanwhile , Nicholls expects to have a team of four riders competing at the Grand National on April 11 as he tries to win the event for a second time . The champion trainer 's assault on the world 's greatest steeplechase will be led Rocky Creek and rising star Unioniste with a supporting cast of Royal Rebellion and Mon Parrain . ` I look like having four runners in the Crabbie 's Grand National with Rocky Creek and Unioniste the two leading players for Team Ditcheat , ' Nicholls told www.betfair.com . Merrion Square trainer Nicholls will have four horses racing at the Grand National on April 11 .