When Gareth Silk let his five friends plan a stag do , he might have imagined it would involve pranks , costumes and drinking - but denim hotpants and heels were far from his thoughts . Little did he realise his friends from Cwmbran , south Wales , were inspired by the hilarious Money Supermarket advert , featuring a man dressed in shirt and jacket from the waist up and tight booty shorts and stilettos from the waist down . When the men in their matching outfits walked down the street in Benidorm , Spain , they earned cheers , clapping and even policemen driving past waved and laughed . David Rowles snaps the gang , from left to right : Steve Harvey Taylor , Gareth Edwards , Michael Groves , groom Gareth Silk and his father Andrew Silk . David Rowles , 38 , who filmed the stag stunt , said : ` We were in our local pub planning the stag weekend . ` We decided that whatever the first advert was that came on the TV , that was what we were going to do . ' The Money Supermarket advert featuring ` Dave 's epic strut ' came on . David said : ` Everyone thought it would be a head-turner . ' The next step for the group was to buy some high heels , and David admitted the men asked their other halves for help in purchasing the right shoes . Each of the men dress in high heels and the video maker noted that some of them were walking ` too well ' Michael Groves channels Dave 's ` epic strut ' from the original ad that quickly went viral . He added : ` A couple of them were walking a bit too well in their high heels . It looked like they had been practising . ' Wearing heels earned them blisters along with laughs and attention from the crowds . The group of six - which included the groom-to-be Gareth Silk and his stags Gareth Edwards , Steven Harvey Taylor , Michael Groves , dad Andrew Silk and David Rowles - descended on the promenade of the Spanish resort on March 29 . David captured them strutting their stuff on his camera phone . They each wear suits from the waist up with braces over their shirts and denim hot pants and high heels from the waist down . In the video , the men mimic the advert , walking towards the camera in a line of five , with groom Gareth in the middle , pulling a variety of humorous poses from the TV commercial . Later in the video the stag do can be seen garnering much attention from locals , holiday goers and even the police . Mr Rowles said : ` The whole promenade was at a standstill . People were cheering and clapping and all different nationalities stood around to watch and take photos . ` A police car went past and I was trying to get them to beep their sirens . They waved and laughed -- they were fine . ` I 've been on many stag weekends and this was probably one of the best . We could n't believe the attention . ' The stag do garnered a lot of attention from locals , other holiday goers and even the police . Unfortunately for the group however , who wore their outfits from 1 pm until 7 pm , there were repercussions and the men each had sore feet to contend with for the rest of the trip . ` We joked before we left saying that someone was bound to break their ankle . Luckily no one did , but they all got blisters , ' said David . According to the filmmaker , the group have already made plans to go on a fishing trip to Ireland in the near future . The original ad stars American Michael Van Schoick , who has been forced to deny he 's had buttock implants , insisting his bottom is all natural . In the ad he struts and twerks to the Pussycat Dolls ' hit Do n't Cha .