When the first pictures of Kim Sears in her wedding dress surfaced yesterday , they got a mixed reaction . The Jenny Packham chiffon gown with jewelled-detailing on the arms has split opinion , with some on Twitter raving about the garment and others claiming it swamped her . Over the last few years , wedding dress choices have become so varied that they fall into very distinct camps - short , boho , quirky traditional and more . Scroll down for video . Andy Murray and Kim Sears leave Dunblane cathedral after getting married this weekend . Zeenat Sabvur from the wedding planning website Ready or Knot believes brides are thinking outside the box a lot more when it comes to their wedding dresses nowadays , instead of having their choices dictated by tradition . She said : ` Brides do n't go for what they think they should go for anymore , they choose their dress more on what their personalities are like . ` Angelina always said that her children were the reason for her getting married , so she made the day very much based around them and that included the dress . ` Keira Knightley 's was quirkier - she wore a dress that had worn before and that had a lot of stories to it . ` The change of attitude towards dresses is the same as with the wedding cake , brides do n't necessarily get cake anymore , they might get cheese , profiteroles or cupcake . ` Weddings are now about personalities and celebrating their relationships , which makes it more fun . ' Read on to discover the different types of wedding dresses that brides are opting for nowadays ... The Traditional Dress . Prince William and Kate Middleton get married in 2011 at Westminster Abbey . Many brides still opt for the traditional white gown when it comes to their wedding outfit . When Kate Middleton married Prince William in 2011 , she opted for an elegant lace gown by Sarah Burton for Alexander McQueen . The intricate lace appliqué bodice and sleeves of Catherine 's dress mirrored those on the wedding gown of Grace Kelly , who became Princess Grace of Monaco when she married Ranier III , Prince of Monaco , in 1956 . Chanel designer Karl Lagerfeldsaid of the dress : ' Alexander McQueen 's dresses are always very elegant . ` It 's very pretty , and relatively classic , but that goes with the decor , with a little touch of the 1950s that recalls Marilyn Monroe or Queen Elizabeth 's dress . ' The non-dress wedding dress . Solange Knowles and Alan Ferguson on their wedding day . When Solange Knowles arrived at her wedding to her video director boyfriend Alan Ferguson last November , she looked stunning in a cream jumpsuit , complete with a matching cape . Solange is known for her bold style , so she was unlikely to have opted for a traditional gown . She wore a long caped gown by Humberto Leon for Kenzo for the nuptials but arrived at the ceremony in a Stephane Rolland cream jump suit , having travelled there on a white-painted bicycle decorated with cream roses . The theme of the bash was a stylish , if unconventional affair , with all guests encouraged to wear white , including her sister Beyoncé and mother Tina . More and more women are opting for trouser suits or jumpsuits at weddings now , to give them freedom of movement . The boho dress . Kate Moss married Jamie Hince in 2011 . When Kate Moss married Jamie Hince in a village church in the Cotswolds , she looked stunning in a vintage-style cream dress and matching floor-length veil , designed by close friend John Galliano . The model showed off her slim figure in a cream bias-cut dress with sheer skirt with gold leaf embroidery and rhinestones . Her head piece featured floral detailing on either side of an off-white headband and Manolo Blahnik designed a special pair of wedding shoes that include a blue insole as Kate 's ` something blue ' . Zeenat said : ` Kate Moss 's wedding dress was beautiful , everything from the dress to the veil and the flower girls were very boho and very unique . ' The short dress . Keira Knightley marries Jamie Righton in 2013 . Keira Knightley was the epitome of laid-back cool when she got married to Jamie Righton at the town hall in Mazan , a small town around 12 miles from Marseilles in 2013 . She wore a pale pink tulle Chanel dress with a pink jacket and a pair of sunglasses . The dress had actually been worn by Keira several times before - most memorably to the BAFTAs in 2008 . The actress has confessed that in addition to the Chanel dress , pictured , that she wore for her civil wedding in the South of France last year , she also had a custom-made £ 50,000 Valentino dress for a secret second ceremony . She told Elle magazine she decided to wear the simple Chanel dress for the first ceremony because ` every time I 've worn that dress , I 've had a fantastic night and if you 've got a dress where you 've always had a fantastic night , it 's worth having another fantastic night in it ' . The DIY dress . Angelina Jolie married Brad Pitt last August . Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt always said that they would get married when their children asked them to . So it comes as no surprise that their six-strong brood played an integral part of their wedding day on August 23 last year at their French estate Chateau Miraval . Indeed , the blushing bride took the unusual measure of letting her kids decorate her wedding dress , walking down the aisle in a gorgeous yet simple white satin gown and long veil that featured colourful drawings all over , . Created by Atelier Versace master tailor Luigi Massi , the gown featured a fitted bodice with simple thin straps , the bust complete with ruching , with a plain waist , kicking out into a flowy full skirt . Luigi then hand-sewed a number of the children 's designs onto both the back of the dress and the full-length veil . ` Luigi is like family to me and I could n't imagine anyone else making this dress , ' the 39-year-old bride told People magazine . ` He knows and cares for the children and it was great fun putting it together . ' The quirky wedding dress . Lady Mary Charteris married Robbie Furze in 2012 . When It Girl Lady Mary Charteris married rock musician Robbie Furze , she opted for an eye-popping design that made sure she stood out from the crowd . The aristocratic model chose a dress designed by Pam Hogg - who just so happens to have dressed Lady Gaga . Unsurprisingly , the odd garment was certainly something that Gaga would be proud of . Lady Mary wore the eye-catching gown , complete with tulle skirt , floral headpiece and vertiginous heels , as she tied the knot to rock musician Robbie Furze , frontman of The Big Pink . The blonde star certainly had the figure for the creation which featured cutaway detail and sheer sleeves . She wore her hair down in a loose wave and completed her look with a long veil and a chunky necklace and bridal shoes by designer Nicholas Kirkwood . The non-white dress . Jessica Biel married Justin Timberlake in 2010 . When Jessia Biel married Justin Timberlake she wore a bold pink wedding dress . Jessica , looked stunning for her happy day in a custom-made Giambattista Valli Haute Couture gown - shunning traditional white or ivory for a beautiful petal pink colour . She teamed the strapless gown with a matching ethereal cathedral-length veil , clutching a bouquet of white flowers as she beamed for the camera . Jessica is n't alone in snubbing white gowns for her big day , Reece Witherspoon , Anne Hathaway and Shenae Grimes have all opted for dresses that were colourful .