Justin Braddock ran from officers in hospital after a deputy sheriff saved his life when he found him unconscious after allegedly taking heroin . A police officer saved the life of a unconscious heroin user , only for the man to flee without a thank you when he was taken to hospital . Patrick O'Melia , 39 , a deputy with the Volusia County Sheriff 's Office , was flagged down while he was on patrol near DeLand in Florida and asked to help 34-year-old Justin Braddock . When Mr O'Melia found Braddock unconscious in the front seat of a car he spent seven minutes giving him CPR and eventually revived him . Braddock , who had injected a large amount of the drug that day , was taken to hospital but fled , according to the Daytona Beach News Journal . He was later caught by deputies as he ran away from Florida Hospital . A two-year-old child was also said to have been found in the back of the car and the pair were later charged with neglect . Officials also found pills , other drugs and paraphernalia in the car . Mr O'Melia , who had worked as a deputy in the Sheriff 's Office for just nine months , was flagged down for help by Braddock 's sister Kelly Boan , 31 , near New York Avenue near DeLand at about 4 pm on Sunday afternoon . When he got to the car he found 34-year-old Braddock slumped in the front seat , without a pulse . Miss Boan told the deputy that they had just bought some of the drug and her brother had injected a large amount of it himself , it was claimed . It then took Mr O'Melia seven minutes to revive Braddock . Braddock was then able to stand up and get back into the front seat and an ambulance was called . He was taken to hospital by paramedics and as deputies arrived to question him , he was seen running away . Braddock continued to flee , even when officers told him they would use a taser gun . Mr O'Melia was flagged down in New York Avenue in DeLand -LRB- left -RRB- by Braddock 's sister Kelly Boan -LRB- right -RRB- . However his bid for freedom was short lived as he tripped and fell and was captured . Boan and Braddock were charged with possession of heroin , failure to report suspected child abuse , abandonment , neglect and possession/use of narcotics paraphernalia . Braddock is being held without bail and Boan was released on $ 2,500 bail .