They are supposed to be the dream team who can solve the conundrum of how to win the election . But David Cameron and Boris Johnson were left scratching their heads today as they struggled with a children 's jigsaw teaching toddlers about the seasons . As the London Mayor tried to hammer ill-fitting pieces together with his hands , the Prime Minister tried out what could be a new election slogan , telling him : ` If in doubt , wedge it in . ' After being put right by a four-year-old who spotted their errors , the pair had more fun finger painting with Tory blue paint . David Cameron and Boris Johnson were left stumped by the puzzle at Advantage Children 's Day Nursery in Surbiton , as three-year-old Stephanie looked on . When they tried to put the puzzle back together , they hit trouble after it proved to be more difficult than expected . The Conservative duo made their first appearance together on the campaign trail with a visit to Advantage day nursery in Surbiton , south west London . They were supposed to be highlighting Tory plans to double free childcare for 600,000 children aged three and four . They sat at a table with Joshua and Stephanie , both aged three , and four-year-olds Hamish and Leo where they broke up a puzzle which depicted the four seasons . When they tried to put it back together , they hit trouble after it proved to be more difficult than expected . After taking nine minutes to complete the puzzle , the Tory duo were relieved to try their hand at hand painting , which they found much easier . The pair were at the nursery in Surbiton to promote a Tory pledge to double free childcare for working parents of three and four-year-olds to 30 hours a week . Arriving at the nursery , Mr Cameron appeared to be giving Mr Johnson a ticking off before the visit had even started . Like a bad workman blaming his tools , Mr Johnson soon started to question whether there was a fundamental design fault . ` January is in winter , ' he complained . ` There 's something wrong with the puzzle . ' The clock ticked on and Tory aides grew nervous , as Mr Cameron insisted : We 've got all day . ' Mr Johnson , fearing defeat , was adamant : ` We ca n't be beaten by the puzzle . ' With the media crowding into classroom , Hamish asked Mr Cameron why there were so many journalists . ` If we finish the puzzle it will make them go away , ' the PM said . But the children had spotted more errors . ` I 've found another problem , ' said Leo . Mr Johnson , already known as a political heavyweight , then tried brute force to get the pieces to fit by hammering them with his fist . He had the backing of the PM who declared : ` If in doubt , wedge it in . ' Samantha Cameron got into less mess with blue paint during a visit to The Growing Zone allotment project in Kippax , West Yorkshire . Fearing it might be taking too long , and perhaps that the puzzle might get broken , a teacher then stepped in to point out yet more problems . ` This one is not right , ' she said . ` This one goes there . ' As the last piece went in to cheers - nearly nine minutes after they began - Mr Cameron initiated a group hug . ` Thank God for that . That was stressful , ' he said . ` I do have to have a hug after that . ' Mr Johnson joked : ` That was a bit like the -LRB- election -RRB- campaign ... suddenly , the final surge . ' ` It all comes together in the end , ' said Mr Cameron , before stopping one of the children taking the puzzle to pieces . ` Do n't break it up again - I ca n't take the stress . ' Afterwards the two men joined another group of children for a hand painting session - appropriately using blue paint .