A 33-year-old woman on trial for having sex with a male inmate at Washington County Jail six times over four months while working as a services technician cried in court Wednesday as a judge rejected her request to use an insanity defense . Brett Robinson will now stand trial next week on 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct , on allegations that she let the inmate out of his cell multiple times and engaging in sex acts between March and July last year . Robinson was hoping to present a psychologists report as evidence of mental disease or defect . The report said she was suffering from mental illness at the time of the alleged encounters and that it made her ` vulnerable , passive and gullible ' . However at a motion hearing , Circuit Judge Andrew Erwin ruled the evidence was insufficient and that Robinson would have to go to trial on April 28 without it . The judge went in favor of the prosecution , who said the report should have been filed as evidence last year if the defense were going to argue insanity . Defense denied : A judge ruled Wednesday that attorneys for Brett Robinson , 33 , waited too long to file an insanity defense , ruling evidence that she was suffering from mental illness when she engaged in sex acts with a prison inmate last year as insufficient . Charged : Robinson allegedly brought the male inmate into the control where she worked at Washing County Jail and had sex with him on his birthday under a blanket . State law says that defendants should file notice regarding evidence of mental disease or defect when they plead not guilty , Oregon Live reported . The judge said the defense filing it on April 10 was ` untimely ' and that he did n't want to delay the trial . The case follows that of her colleague Lisa Curry , 39 , who last month was sentenced to over four years prison for repeatedly having sex with a 25-year-old gang member and convicted rapist . Robinson , who worked in a maximum security control room known as ` the bubble ' , struck up a relationship with the inmate - who has not been named - in a nearby cell . The two would talk using an intercom when Robinson 's manager left the room . According to the psychologist 's report obtained by Robinson felt flattered by the compliments she got from the inmate and started to ` open up to him ' early last year.Then , in March , the inmate asked for a kiss on his birthday . When her manager went to lunch , Robinson released the inmate from his cell and brought him into the bubble . She thought it strange that he brought a blanket with him from the cell , the report said . ` He kissed me so passionately , I was taken aback . ` I asked about the blanket . ` He said `` I was hoping we could go farther '' . ` Then he was saying `` we do n't have time to discuss this '' , so I had sex with him . ' New protocol : In the wake of the scandal , the Washington County Jail has added surveillance cameras and beefed up security throughout the facility to prevent anything like this from happening again . On trial : Brett Robinson , 33 , faces charges of first-degree custodial sexual misconduct and first-degree official misconduct . They continued having sexual encounters , the report said , and Robinson wrote the inmate a love letter that began with ` Hi Baby ' . The letter said : ` I am hoping this letter will better convey the love I feel deep inside for you . ... You are a constant presence in my thoughts , fantasies and dreams , and I feel this pervasive emptiness without you by my side . It makes it hard to go about my normal daily activities when all I do is miss you . You are my everything , Baby -- I could not envision my life without you in it . ' However the relationship began to sour when Robinson started hearing about the abusive conduct of the inmate elsewhere in the prison . He had passed a sexually explicit note to a nurse and also pushed a female prisoner against a wall and kissed her . The psychologist noted that Robinson was delusional about the man . The report also said she had struggled with depression and anxiety since childhood . ` There is evidence that these delusions developed in this generally vulnerable , passive and gullible woman as part of a Major Depressive and Anxiety episode , ' the doctor wrote . Robinson was caught when the inmate brought up their relationship to a prison employee during an investigation about Jill Curry . The prosecution is fighting against Robinson using the insanity defense . In March Curry was sentenced to four years and two months prison . That case was very similar to the allegations against Robinson . Curry was also a services technician and was convicted of letting gang member Jang-Li Delgado Galban , 25 , who was housed in the jail 's maximum-security unit , out of his cell and have sex with him in a supply closet . Ex-Washington County Jail staffer Jill Curry , 39 , cries in court last month as she was sentenced to more than four years in prison for repeatedly having sex with an inmate in a supply closet . Curry , who is married to a sheriff 's deputy , pleaded guilty last month to custodial sexual misconduct and other charges stemming from her contact with Delgado Galban . Authorities said the sexual misconduct occurred while a deputy was at lunch , when Curry , a civilian jail services technician , was alone in the unit 's control room , reports The Oregonian . Curry pushed a button to unlock the inmate 's cell and the pair would then meet in the supply closet to have sexual relations . This occurred 13 times , said prosecutor Jeff Lesowski . A probation officer who conducted a pre-sentencing investigation had recommended a prison sentence of less than two years , which the defense asked the judge to impose . Judge Bailey went above the state 's recommendation when sentencing Curry . The Multnomah County Sheriff 's Office first started their investigation into Curry 's actions on July 8 , 2014 , when someone called into the professional standards unit to report the jail services technician . Curry had claimed that Jang-Li Delgado Galban , a 25-year-old gang member housed in the jail 's maximum-security unit , had seduced her . Curry was placed on administrative leave that day , pending a criminal investigation . She had been working in the sheriff 's office since October 2004 , serving different parts of the jail including booking , inmate units and the control center . An article published in The Oregonian in 2010 said that in December 2009 , Delgado-Galban , then 20 years old , allegedly broke into a woman 's apartment in Hillsboro and raped her . The suspect later agreed to a plea deal , as part of which he admitted to one count of burglary with the intent to commit rape in exchange for having the rape charges dropped . In December 2010 , Delgado-Galban was sentenced to three years and eight months in prison , and ordered to register as a sex offender upon his release . But according to sheriff 's officials , he failed to meet the conditions of the plea agreement , which landed him behind bars in the Washington County Jail where he encountered Curry . In the wake of the scandal , the Washington County Jail has added surveillance cameras and beefed up security throughout the facility to prevent anything like this from happening again .