Ask most players about the hat-tricks they 've scored and they 'll describe in detail how they managed to find the back of the net three times in 90 minutes . But that does n't apply to Lionel Messi . The Barcelona star has scored so many trebles at club level - 32 to be exact - that he ca n't remember each one despite keeping a match ball from every game . Messi will be hoping to add another to his list when Barca take on PSG in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday . Lionel Messi poses with each of the 32 balls he has taken home after scoring a hat-trick for Barcelona . Messi bends home his side 's opening goal against Sevilla on Saturday during Barcelona 's 2-2 draw . Speaking to Barcelona 's official magazine ahead of the game , Messi revealed that his hat-trick balls have a special place in his home even if he ca n't recall which games they 're from . Asked about getting each one signed by his team-mates , the 27-year-old said : ` I always sign it because I believe it is recognition for the whole team . ` Without my team mates I would not have achieved all that I have on an individual level and I think that with a hat-trick , more than ever , because I depend on them to score goals , so it is a nice souvenir to have them all sign it . Messi celebrates after scoring against Sevilla - his 34th La Liga goal of the season so far . Messi will lead the line for Barcelona when they take on PSG in the Champions League on Wednesday evening . ` I keep them at home where I keep all my trophies , but I have thought about doing something special with them , something nice with all the footballs . ` At the moment I have them in glass cases but I am thinking about doing something so that they have a more special place . ' Having netted 277 La Liga goals for Barcelona over the last 10-and-a-half years , it 's little surprise that Messi has some trouble remembering the 96 which arrived in just 32 matches . Asked if he can recall all of his hat-tricks for the club , Messi said : ` Right now , as we speak , no . I need to see the goals again or for somebody to tell me something about them to actually remember them . ' Messi celebrates after scoring the second goal of his hat-trick against Real Madrid in March 2007 . Less surprising is the one that stands out to him . ` The one I scored against Real Madrid when we drew 3-3 at Camp Nou was very special for me , for what it meant in the game and because for me it was my first hat-trick and it kept us ahead in the league , ' said Messi . ` Even though at the end we did n't win the league , at that moment it was important and also because it was against Real Madrid . '