Patriots coach Bill Belichick was just caught on camera ogling model Chrissy Teigen 's posterior over the weekend , but his girlfriend is already prepared to forgive . While Teigen 's husband , crooner John Legend , was labeling the incident ` Spy gate ' and celebrity and sports websites were quick to shame the 4-time Super Bowl winner , his longtime girlfriend Linda Holliday wondered , ` who did n't check her out in this photo ? ' ` I think I even looked , ' Holliday , who 's dated Belichick since 2006 , wrote on Instragram along with the controversial shot from Saturday 's White House Correspondents ' . Scroll down for video ... Eye-catching : New England Patriots ' coach Bill Belichick was caught ogling model Chrissy Teigen 's derriere at the White House Correspondents ' Dinner on Saturday . Holliday , still a beauty herself at 51 , was smart to include the photo as evidence -- leggy Chrissy looks stunning in a head-turning sheer and sparkly dress slit nearly to her hip . John Legend was n't as quick to forgive . The singer/songwriter retweeted a photo of the ` incident , ' which he dubbed ` Spy gate . ' Not to be outdone by the fallout from her own photo , Teigen gave her husband a tongue-in-cheek response to his feigned outrage . Girlfriend-approved : As the media shamed the 4-time Super Bowl winning coach , his girlfriend Linda Holliday put in her two cents . Not too shabby : The longtime couple , together since 2006 , were unfazed by the Teigen incident . ' @johnlegend let me live , ' she tweeted . But living is exactly what the supermodel was doing during Saturday 's soiree , where Teigen was snapped hobnobbing with such notables as Katie Couric and Jenna Dewan-Tatum . Perhaps most notably , the guests of honor -- the president and first lady themselves -- took the time to take a photo with Teigen , who posted it to Instagram on Monday with the message , ` FRIENDS FOREVER . ' ` FRIENDS FOREVER ' : Teigen was snapped with the POTUS and FLOTUS at Satuday 's big event . She posted the shot with her optimistic message on Monday . Zuhair Murad dress . Check out other Zuhair Murad dresses at Neiman Marcus . Visit site . You can always rely on Chrissy Teigen to bring the glamour to any event . Whenever we see her on a red carpet , Mrs John Legend oozes sexy sophistication . And here , in this gorgeous Zuhair Murad gown , she proves this once again . Known for his knock-out couture creations , Murad , the Lebanese designer , has an army of loyal fashionista A list star customers . They love his long , embellished and printed dresses . Everyone from Jane Fonda to Sofia Vergara have worn one of his dresses . Jennifer Lopez is a huge fan . Chrissy 's navy blue , slit-up-to-there , sheer bodice dress is one of a kind . We 've seen this style of gown from Murad season after season - long sleeves , statement sparkles and sexy sheer - and it takes someone like Chrissy to pull one off . What a great colour to contrast with the red carpet too ! And we love those barely-there , but blinged up sandals , and her understated black evening clutch too . You ca n't buy Chrissy 's dress at the moment , but click ` buy now ' to see some other options from the designer over on Neiman Marcus . And have a look at some other , cheaper options below . Forever Unique Tilda dress -LRB- now reduced to $ 417.87 -RRB- . Visit site . AQ AQ Marina Sequin Maxi Dress at ASOS -LRB- now reduced to $ 237 -RRB- . Visit site . Teri Jon Sequined Lace Gown at Saks Fifth Avenue . Visit site . Diane von Furstenberg long sequin dress at YOOX . Visit site . All in good fun ? Teigen 's husband was less forgiving than Holliday . He retweeted the photo , calling it ` Spy gate ' Not to be outdone by the fallout out from her own photo , Teigen goaded her husband , ` let me live '