Ukip candidate Kim Rose -LRB- pictured handing out sausage rolls today -RRB- is being investigated by police over claims he tried to ` corruptly influence ' voters by giving them sausage rolls . A Ukip election candidate will be grilled by the police over claims he tried to ` corruptly influence ' voters by giving them sausage rolls . Kim Rose , who is running for Nigel Farage 's party in Southampton Itchen , is being investigated by officers after laying out the snacks at an event , which also featured snooker star Jimmy White . Electoral Commission rules state food and entertainment can not be provided by parliamentary candidates if their provision is intended to influence votes - a criminal offence known as ` treating ' . Mr Rose , 57 , branded police involvement as ` absolutely ridiculous ' , adding that voters in the marginal seat were unlikely to ` change their mind for a sausage roll ' . The Ukip candidate put on a spread of sandwiches , sausage rolls and teas and coffees for the event , which also saw veteran snooker player White play pool with local youngsters . Mr Rose , a jeweller , said he was oblivious until he was contacted by Hampshire Constabulary 's Economic Crime Unit . Laughing off the allegations , he said : ` Thank God they did n't find out about the Jaffa Cakes . ` The sausage rolls were for the kids but now I have been reported to police who I believe have received a complaint from one of the main parties . ` Under parliamentary rules allegations of treating is bribing people with food and drink . I thought it was a joke at first and I said to the police officer it was a bit daft . ` He said , `` it is n't daft it could be a very serious offence '' . Fortunately I have eaten all the evidence . ' Mr Rose , who will now have to report to a police station on Monday , added : ` It was a fantastic day . We laid on teas , coffees , sandwiches and some sausage rolls . ` It 's absolutely ridiculous . I 'm sure people are n't going to change their mind over voting for a sausage roll . ' Mr Rose -LRB- pictured with Jimmy White , left , and Nigel Farage , right -RRB- branded police involvement as ` absolutely ridiculous ' , adding that voters in the marginal seat were unlikely to ` change their mind for a sausage roll ' Today Mr Rose was seen out in Southampton handing out sausage rolls to members of the public . He said : ` The Ukip support is very strong here and I feel the main political parties will do anything they can to scrutinise everything about us . ' Mr Rose added that if other politicians fear voters could be ` bribed with sausage rolls ' , perhaps it is not surprising they will not trust the country with a referendum on EU membership . Today the parliamentary candidate was out campaigning on the streets of Southampton , handing out sausage rolls to members of the public . Ukip leader Nigel Farage weighed into the dispute , backing Mr Rose . He said : ` I think it 's utter nonsense . There seems all sorts of cases in politics of people behaving badly and doing things wrong , abusing their positions . ` Having a few sausage rolls I do n't really think counts as one of those . ' Mr Rose said the event , which was attended by 250 people , took place at a community centre in Southampton on February 21 - more than a month before Parliament was officially dissolved . He invited veteran snooker star Jimmy White , 52 , who he described as a long-time friend . The former world number two and six-time World Champion , nicknamed ` The Whirlwind ' , played pool with residents , who were charged £ 2 to attend the event . ` I 've known Jimmy as a friend for a number of years and so I asked him to come down and play pool with the kids , ' Mr Rose said . Mr Rose , 57 , branded police involvement as ` absolutely ridiculous ' , adding that voters in the marginal seat were unlikely to ` change their mind for a sausage roll ' . ` I did n't want to make the event very Ukip so we put all the party banners away and everybody had a game of pool with Jimmy . ' The Electoral Commission said the pastry provision was a police matter . A Hampshire Police spokesman said : ` We have a received an allegation of `` treating '' by a prospective parliamentary candidate , contrary to the Representation of the People Act 1983 . We are looking into the complaint . No arrests have been made . ' Electoral Commission rules on treating state : ` A person is guilty of treating if either before , during or after an election they directly or indirectly give or provide any food , drink , entertainment or provision to corruptly influence any voter to vote or refrain from voting . ` Treating requires a corrupt intent - it does not apply to ordinary hospitality . ' Anyone found guilty of treating can be fined and imprisoned for up to a year . Mr Rose has been a member of Ukip since 1999 . He briefly stood as an independent in the key marginal Southampton Itchen seat in 2010 before pulling out . He is campaigning on tackling deprivation in Southampton , as well as wanting to pull the UK out of the EU . Prime Minister David Cameron came under criticism in the constituency earlier this week after sending a letter to residents spelling the constituency 's name wrong three times . His letter , which has his letterhead and signature , had ` Itchen ' spelled as ` Itchin ' , prompting the Conservatives to apologise for the embarrassing mistake . The constituency 's MP has been Labour 's John Denham since 1992 . He held the seat in 2010 by just 192 votes and is standing down after May 7 .