Richie Benaud has passed away at the age of 84 after a short battle with skin cancer but the man who spoke with an unrivalled blend of insight , authority and wit from commentary boxes at cricket matches across the globe will always be remembered . Here , Sportsmail recounts 10 of his finest moments from his broadcasting career . Richie Benaud , one of cricket 's great personalities , has died at the age of 84 after battling skin cancer . 1 . BALL OF THE CENTURY . Benaud was on hand to talk viewers through Shane Warne 's first test delivery for Australia in England in the 1993 Ashes , which turned out to be a stunning dismissal of Mike Gatting . 2 . AUSTRALIA 'S UNDERARM BALL . Benaud was renowned for his calming tone as broadcaster but his pure disdain for Trevor Chappell 's underarm delivery for Australia against New Zealand in 1981 is equally as memorable . ` One of the worst things I have ever seen done on a cricket field , ' he raged from the Channel Nine studio . 3 . LAST SPELL OF COMMENTARY IN ENGLAND . Benaud 's final commentary duties for Channel 4 came in the fifth Ashes Test at The Oval in 2005 and was commemorated by members of the crowd waving banners in tribute . 4 . ` YOU 'VE GOT TO CHECK IF THEY 'RE STILL THERE ! ' Benaud 's cricketing knowledge was matched with sharp turn of humour , an example being when he saw a player get hit by a cricket ball in a place no man wishes to get hit . 5 . ANDREW SYMONDS STOPS A STREAKER . Thankfully , Benaud was on hand to embellish one of cricket 's more bizarre moments during a one-day international between Australia and India . 6 . TRIBUTE TO PHILLIP HUGHES . Benaud narrated Channel Nine 's powerful tribute to Phillip Hughes in November 2014 . 7 . GEOFFREY BOYCOTT RUNS OUT DEREK RANDALL . Now a commentator himself , one can only imagine the uproar if Geoffrey Boycott saw a modern day player run his batting partner out in the reckless manner he did to Derek Randall . But Benaud 's take was typically measured . 8 . BENAUD COMPARES DON BRADMAN WITH SACHIN TENDULKAR . Benaud 's fascinating dissection of Sachin Tendulkar 's capabilities compared to Don Bradman show not only what an encyclopedic knowledge of cricket he possessed , but also how his understanding of the game evolved alongside the sport itself . 9 . BENAUD ON BOTHAM . Sir Ian Botham 's ferocious unbeaten 149 for England in the 3rd Test of the 1981 Ashes at Headingly had Benaud unleashing some of his best lines . 10 . INTRODUCING ` AUSTRALIA 'S BIGGEST SUMMER OF CRICKET EVER ' One of Benaud 's final pieces of work saw him introduce Australia 's cricketing summer of 2014 , where he looked ahead to his home country co-hosting the World Cup . His enthusiasm is vibrant and infectious , with his voice galvanised by excitement . P.S. . . HE COULD PLAY , TOO ! Benaud excelled as a broadcaster and his voice will always conjure memories of cricket 's greatest moments but before embarking on a media career , he was a magnificent player . He captained Australia during their domination of the game during the late 1950 's , spearheading their success with a flamboyant , forward-thinking style of leadership . He was the first man to score over 2,000 runs and take more than 200 wickets in Tests and one of his finest dismissals came against England in 1958 .