Would you like a side of pot with your main course ? Food pairing menus are all the rage these days , with beers , wines and even coffees all getting the matching makeover from experts . But one US restaurant has taken things a step further by matching their mains to marijuana . Bright spark : The Amsterdam Falafel Shop in Washington DC , US , is the first restaurant in the country with a menu that matches cannabis to food . Canny move : The restaurant 's menu pairs five falafels to five strains of marijuana . Amsterdam Falafel Shop in Washington DC , US , has launched its pot-pairing menu which matches five falafels to different strains of weed . This is strictly a take-away operation though , as those who like to indulge wo n't be able to smoke on the premises . Owners Arianne and Scott Bennett devised the rather sophisticated falafel toppings best eaten when smoking different strains of marijuana . For those who like to imbibe in some OG Kush , the restaurant recommends a falafel sandwich of baba ganoush , beetroot , pickled turnips , coleslaw , garlic parsley and tahini . If it 's an Afghani strain that 's got you excited , then opt for sliced cucumber , onion and dill salad , fried aubergines , and thinly layered garlic cream . According to the menu , this is the best combo for that particular strain as the ` pot/sandwich pairing has been known to induce intense relaxation . ' The falafel topping counter at the restaurant includes julienne vegetables , salads and various dips . If you 're looking for more of an energetic experience , the menu advises to pair a baba ganoush and chickpea , pickle , tomato , cucumber , tahini and red pepper sauce salad with a Cactus joint . ` This pairing has been known to induce an uplifting , energizing and euphoric effect , ' the menu states . Sparking up Lemon Haze ? Go for a hummus , yoghurt sauce , garlic parsley , crunchy onion , pickled cauliflower and Turkish salad combo ; a pairing which will give you ` energy and creativity . ' It 's pairing different weed with different types of food , ' Mr Bennett said to Fox News . ` You 're tasting different things . I mean , different weed taste differently . ' A law was passed in February this year which made it legal for Washington DC residents over the age of 21 to possess , grow and smoke recreational marijuana . There is a limit to the quantity users can possess and usage in public as well as sales within the DC limits is prohibited .