Walter Smith is reluctant to predict a permanent end to hostilities . Two years since he stepped down as chairman of Rangers , the crackle of gunfire still reverberates in his ears . A declaration of peace in our time is premature . Dave King , the chairman-elect , has still to obtain the SFA clearance he needs for a seat in the boardroom . Details of how the club proposes to stabilise the finances have yet to come . And the Championship promotion play-offs threaten more landmines than the Somme . Yet before participating in the annual charity golf day of the John Hartson Foundation , the Rangers icon expressed hope that the worst is over . That Rangers can put down the circus tent and become a football club once more . -LRB- Left to right -RRB- : Singer Steve McCrorie joins John Hartson and Walter Smith at a charity golf match . Former Rangers chairman and manager Smith hopes that the club can move on from its off-field dramas . ` I think it 's a good thing for the club that it has settled down now and the EGM is out of the way and the people can get involved with running the football club , ' said Smith . ` In the last three weeks there has been a lack of headlines and that 's the first step forward for Rangers . ` The whole club faces a big , big period in its history . ` They have to get back to resembling Rangers Football Club . No club wins all the time and Rangers have had down periods before , even if this one is different . ` Everyone has to adjust to it . People on the outside , fans , everyone . ` There was a lack of trust before . It was simple . Now there is n't . ` They trust the people are there for Rangers -- and that 's a big start after three or four years of upset . ' Smith exposed himself to the crossfire when he returned -- against his instincts -- as chairman . It is a decision he regrets and , despite the return to the club of familiar faces such as King and Paul Murray , he is 67 now and has no need to embroil himself in the grief or stress of it all a minute longer . Asked if he would offer help or assistance to the new regime , Smith said : ` I think they are unlikely to do that . I made my part quite clear -- I do n't think they will ask . There is a board there in place and they will make the decisions . ` I made mine when I left and I wo n't go back . ` They are not liable to ask me what course of action they will take . ` A lot of the decisions right now are financial and that 's never been my department . ' Rangers ' attacking midfielder Haris Vuckic , on loan from Newcastle United , scores agianst Dumbarton . Rangers ' teenage striker Ryan Hardie scores his first goal agianst Dumbarton in the Scottish Championship . Hardie celebrates after scoring a brace during the Scottish Championship match against Dumbarton . Smith knows King from his second spell as manager . The South African businessman was a director of the oldco before administration and liquidation and , because he served on the board during the five years prior to an insolvency event , he breaches article 10 of the SFA rulebook . He may do so on two counts . As part of his settlement with the South African tax authorities , King agreed to pay £ 43.7 million but was convicted of 41 breaches of section 75 of the SA Income Tax Act . In return for paying £ 210,000 , he was spared 82 years in jail -- two years on each count . The SFA are gathering evidence on this and until they pass judgment one way or the other , King has agreed to stay off the Rangers board . He does n't have to be chairman or run the show to invest cash , but Smith believes it would be better if the two ran hand in hand . ` The courts seem to think he 's OK , ' said Smith on the issue . ` The SFA will give their own judgment on it . ` Dave has stepped in , so I do n't see things changing in terms of how Rangers moves forward if he is officially or unofficially a part of it . ` It would obviously be better if he could be involved at the club -- that would be better for everyone . ` I do n't know all the background of what constitutes a fit-and - proper person . They have obviously got to show a bit of care with Rangers after what has gone on . I think that is what they are doing at the moment . ` I do n't know what the outcome will be . I do n't think it will make a massive difference to Rangers one way or the other . But the preferable aspect would be that he would be involved at the club . ' Dumbarton 's Garry Flemming -LRB- left -RRB- comes in with a strong challenge on Rangers ' Darren McGregor -LRB- right -RRB- . Rangers were never likely to be a quick fix . Promotion to the Premiership remains fraught with doubt and there are large question marks over who the manager will be next season and how much cash he may have to build a new squad . ` A few bad results and you get the sack -- and someone comes in and performances are lifted , ' Smith observed . ` That 's what happened and it 's a starting point for Rangers . ` They have to build on what they are trying to do . It 's just a start and people have to remember it . ` But patience and Rangers do n't really go hand in hand and never have done . There is more understanding . I wo n't say patience . ` That goes for all aspects of the club , on and off the pitch . It takes time to clear things off the pitch , but the pressure is always on to win regardless of off-field circumstances . ` There is an understanding of what needs to be done to take a step forward . ` Stuart McCall has been bold enough to take the job and he 'll stand by his results over that period . ` It is going to take time . They are not going to jump into the Premiership and challenge Celtic right away . But that is where they should be playing . And , for Scottish football , that is where they should be playing as well . ' Rangers manager Stuart McCall shouts instructions to his players during the match against Dumbarton . Dumbarton 's Flemming gives chase to Rangers ' Marius Zaliukus -LRB- right -RRB- in the Scottish Championship match .