An actor who appeared on the long-running sitcom Good Times has died . Ben Powers played the character of Thelma 's husband Keith in the show 's sixth and final season between 1978-1979 . He passed away at his New Bedford , Massachusetts home on April 6 at the age of 64 . His family has not revealed the cause of his death . Powers ' on-screen wife Bern Nadette Stanis wrote an emotion message on Facebook on Thursday to mark the actor 's death . Actor Ben Powers -LRB- left -RRB- died April 6 at the age of 64 . He is best known for his part on the CBS sitcom Good Times , playing the husband of main character Thelma -LRB- right , played by Bern Nadette Stanis -RRB- . ` My condolences goes out to the family of Ben Powers who past a few days ago . He was a great actor and great friend who is gone too soon . He will be missed by many . Until next lifetime my friend , ' Stanis wrote . Good Times focused on the family of Florida and James Evans and their children J.J. , Thelma and Michael , living in a Chicago housing project . The show was a spin-off of another series , Maude , which was also spin-off of All In The Family . In the third episode of the final season , Thelma gets married to a professional football player named Keith -LRB- played by Powers -RRB- but their marriage runs into problems when he gets injured . Powers was born in Brooklyn and raised by his grandparents in Providence , Rhode Island . Before getting into acting , he studied painting and sketching at the Rhode Island School of Design . He was discovered while performing stand-up routines in Providence . In addition to his work on Good Times , Powers also played the character of Moochie on CBS detective drama Mickey Spillane 's Mike Hammer between 1984 and 1985 . He also had guest appearances on shows like Gim me a Break , Flamingo Road , The Greatest American Hero and Laverne & Shirley . Some of his film credits include Cheech & Chong 's Next Movie in 1980 , Things Are Tough All Over in 1982 , and The Man Who loved Women in 1983 which starred Burt Reynolds . Powers is survived by his mother and two sisters .