The world 's youngest DJ who is just two years old has a dedicated following of thousands of fans thanks to his ability to work the decks . Oratilwe Hlongwane , whose DJ name is AJ , is still learning to put together words but the toddler is already able to select and play music from a laptop and has become a phenomenon in South Africa . His capabilities have even earned him special appearances and sponsorship deals with fans desperate to hear his bass-heavy house music . Two-year-old Oratilwe Hlongwane , from Johannesburg , South Africa , whose DJ name is AJ , is still learning to put together words but is already able to play music from a laptop , making him a worldwide phenomenon . The youngster , who still wears nappies and does not yet go to school , plays bass-heavy house music on DJ decks after teaching himself how to select and play music with an disc jockey app on his father 's iPad . His capabilities have earned him special appearances and sponsorship deals with fans desperate to hear him . His recent performance at a shopping mall in his home of Johannesburg gathered a large crowd as he bopped his head to the beat , with large headphones slung around his neck . His mother , Refiloe Marumo , credits his astounding success on the decks to his father Glen Hlongwane 's decision to buy an iPad for his then unborn son . Mr Hlongwane , a gymnastics coach and aspiring DJ , had planned to download educational apps to speed up his child 's education but also downloaded a disc jockeying app for himself . When he was just one-year-old , little Oratilwe learned how to use the gadget and started fiddling about with his father 's DJ app . His parents were blown away when their son , who still wears nappies , repeated what he had learned on the app on actual DJ equipment , playing with sound effects and bouncing between songs . A mobile phone recording of him playing music was shared online and the youngster now has nearly 25,000 Facebook fans . The youngster 's recent performance at a shopping mall in his home of Johannesburg , South Africa , gathered a large crowd from fans as he bopped his head to the beat , with large headphones slung around his neck . His parents have insisted that they will not force their son to be a DJ when he grows up but said he may want to . The youngster , who still wears nappies and can not yet talk fully , already has nearly 25,000 Facebook fans . However , as well as a legion of fans , his newfound fame has also brought criticism , with some people accusing his parents of abuse and profiting from their child 's precocious ability . Mr Hlongwane said he would not ` exploit his kid ' and said the youngster was n't allowed to play in clubs or at parties due to his age . His parents also insisted that they will not force their son to be a DJ when he grows up , but say they believe his affinity for electronic equipment will probably decide his future . Mr Hlongwane added : ` I can see a future Bill Gates here . '