A family in far eastern Russia has adopted an orphaned bear cub which was found alone after its mother was likely killed by poachers . The Shcherbakov family has been caring for the cub , which is unable to survive on its own , since it wandered up to their house gate three weeks ago . With scenes reminiscent of the fairy tale Goldilocks and the Three Bears , the family matriarch cooks porridge for the little bear at the family 's home in Tulun , in Russia 's Irkutsk region . The Shcherbakov family adopted the bear cub after it wandered up to the gate at their home in Tulun , Russia . The family matriarch -LRB- pictured -RRB- feeds the bear porridge and milk from a refashioned beer bottle . She also feeds him milk from a refashioned beer bottle , and she told Reuters that he loves snacking on sweets . The bear , nicknamed Mishutka , may be a cute little cub right now , but he will soon grow to become a massive beast that will pose a danger to the family and become expensive to feed and shelter . The family is hoping to find a new home for the hand-reared bear and has posted adverts on the internet . They hope the publicity will encourage a circus or zoo to take him in . Wildlife experts caution against bringing an orphaned bear cub or any other wild animals into the home . The bear , nicknamed Mishutka , will soon become a massive beast that will pose a danger to the family . The family has placed adverts on the internet and are hoping the publicity will lead to a new home for the bear . While it may seem like a heartwarming tale local hunter and biologist Nikolai Tereshenko said there are few places to relocate a bear in that region , and he told Reuters that people should not adopt wild animals . He said : ` In a home setting , when he 's small , he 's safe . But when he grows up , there are a lot of cases in the past , where a grown bear could even kill his caretaker . ` To kill with one move of his paw and tear up , and do anything . So I would n't recommend taming a wild beast , and I have never done it myself , although I have had a lot of chances . '