With its gritty blocks of flats , endless kebab shops and quirkily dressed locals , Shoreditch , London 's hipster hub , might have been gentrified but it 's still the last place you would expect to find a royal . But that all changed last night when Princess Beatrice gave the area her seal of approval courtesy of a night spent partying at Shoreditch House . The 26-year-old royal was joined by boyfriend , Virgin Galactic 's Dave Clark , 31 , and looked glamorous in her knee-length black leather dress . Scroll down for video . Looking good : Princess Beatrice cut a glamorous figure as she left Shoreditch House . Joseph A-Line dress currently sold out . Check out our alternatives below ! Visit site . Princess Beatrice was spotted out on the town with her boyfriend last night in an all black outfit that she topped off with a grey cardigan . The 26 year old royal was in high spirits as she made her way through the paparazzi showcasing her leather dress that we are loving . Even though the dress is covered up , it has been identified as the Joseph A-line dress . A classic and chic alternative to a basic LBD with a round neck , seamed paneling and a zip to fasten at back . Loves it ! We are all about versatility here at Fashion Finder HQ , and this dress is inspiring so many outfits in our heads . Unfortunately our future Instagram selfies will not include this dress because it is sold out . But you are in luck , our team has found great alternatives below ! Susana Monaco Nina Lasercut Faux Leather Dress at Saks Off Fifth now $ 169 . Visit site . Missy Skins Iris Leather Dress at Nasty Gal . Visit site . IRIS & INK Candice leather dress at The Outnet . Visit site . Lace and faux leather dress at Neiman Marcus Last Call -LRB- was $ 99 now $ 24 -RRB- . Visit site . Clearly enjoying the delights of East London , the princess was all smiles as she left the ultra-cool members ' club at 2 am . Despite its gritty location , Shoreditch House is one of London 's coolest nightspots and boasts a starry celebrity following . Set in a converted warehouse , it boasts several bars and restaurants , as well as a rooftop pool that becomes enormously popular in the summer months . Nearby are other hipster favourites , among them the Shoreditch Box Park , the Ace Hotel London and Pizza East - all of which boast a hipster-heavy clientèle . Going home alone : Beatrice had been partying with boyfriend Dave Clark , 31 , but the pair left separately . Elegant : Beatrice looked similarly cool when she attended the opening of the v & a 's Savage Beauty exhibition . Many of the locals work in fashion with London Fashion Week favourite Erdem Moralıoğlu among those living nearby . Beatrice , who is based at Clarence House in much-leafier West London , has been spending an increasing amount of time on the London fashion scene of late . Most recently , she joined Kate Moss and the sartorial glitterati for the opening of the Savage Beauty exhibition at the v & a . As with last night , she plumped for a suitably fashion-forward black dress on that occasion , teaming it with a glamorous slick of red lipstick . But Beatrice 's passion for fashion is n't without critics , with the princess having come under increasing fire of late for her perceived aversion to work . Familiar sight : Beatrice has become a familiar sight on the London fashion scene of late .