Guilty : Adam Rushton , 37 , took advantage of his post as a beat officer to have sex with women . A policeman convicted of misconduct in a public office after having sex with women he met on duty was today labelled ` a disgrace ' to the force . Adam Rushton took advantage of being a beat officer in Longton , Stoke-on-Trent , to have sex with women , Birmingham Crown Court heard . The 37-year-old officer was found guilty of five counts of misconduct and another of breaching data protection rules by obtaining personal data . Rushton , from Newcastle-under-Lyme , denied ten counts of misconduct and two of breaching data protection laws while employed by police . He was acquitted on the remaining counts . Staffordshire Police Deputy Chief Constable Nick Baker called Rushton ` a disgrace to the police service ' who had ` brought shame on himself , his colleagues ' and the force . Giving evidence , Rushton , who has been with the force for ten years , conceded some of his actions were ` not very professional ' but claimed it did not amount to criminal misbehaviour . During the trial , he said he never expected to end up in the dock after going to one woman 's home and having oral sex . ` It 's not very professional , I fully accept that , and that it 's wrong , ' Rushton told jurors . ` But no way whatsoever did I think I 'd be standing here . ' He was convicted over that offence , and of making a social visit to another victim , while on the clock . Rushton was also convicted of having sex with a different woman at her house . He was found guilty on two counts relating to another woman , whom he met outside work , on one occasion having sex with her while on another exchanging ` playful and flirty ' text messages before going to her home . Beat officer : Rushton has been with Staffordshire Police -LRB- whose headquarters are pictured -RRB- for ten years . His conviction for breaching data rules was in relation to looking up information relating to a fifth victim . The offences all happened between 2008 and 2012 . When first interviewed over the allegations in April 2013 , he denied sleeping with all but one of the women , however later accepted he had sex with several others . However , he denied his actions were criminal misconduct . Rushton had an impressive professional record as a neighbourhood policing officer , with many letters of praise from senior officers . But Crown Prosecutor Duncan Bould said the constable 's duties brought him into contact with ` vulnerable and frightened females , often in extreme circumstances ' and he had ` sought to take advantage of those situations to have sexual activity of some kind with them ' . Criticism : Staffordshire Police Deputy Chief Constable Nick Baker -LRB- pictured -RRB- called Rushton ` a disgrace to the police service ' after the verdicts . None of the women made any complaints to police about Rushton . He was conditionally bailed after the verdicts were read out and will be sentenced at the crown court on May 1 . After the hearing , Mr Baker apologised to the police officer 's victims on behalf of the force . He said : ` This was an astonishing breach of trust by an individual officer and he has badly let down vulnerable victims and their families . The public must be able to trust their police officers , and on this occasion they have been let down . ` We made the decision that Rushton should be prosecuted as a police officer , and hope this sends out a very strong message - no matter who you are , and what position you hold , if you commit crime you will be dealt with firmly and robustly . ' He added that after the allegations came to light in 2013 , the matter was referred to the Independent Police Complaints Commission -LRB- IPCC -RRB- , which carried out an investigation . Mr Baker said that , as a result , ` robust processes ' were now in place to prevent such incidents happening . IPCC commissioner Kathryn Stone said Rushton had abused a position of trust and used his job ` in a calculated manner to satisfy his own sexual desires ' . Ms Stone added : ` The IPCC has previously expressed concern at the number of cases across England and Wales where officers have targeted vulnerable women for sex . ` And I hope that today 's outcome reinforces a message that corrupt officers will be discovered and brought before the courts where appropriate . '