The Tories have accused Labour of a crude new attempt to ` weaponise ' the NHS by orchestrating a letter from doctors claiming hospitals will not be safe if David Cameron wins the election . Ed Miliband was also accused of hypocrisy after he claimed that the Coalition had made it harder to get a GP appointment . Mr Miliband claimed there were now 600 fewer GP surgeries open during evenings and weekends than before the previous election -- which he said was directly contributing to the a & e crisis . Scroll down for video . Labour launched a poster declaring ` the Tories have made it harder to see a GP ' but critics were quick to point out that the figures were out of date . His comments came after Labour launched a poster declaring ` the Tories have made it harder to see a GP ' . But critics were quick to point out that his figures were out of date -- and that the GP crisis is widely blamed on Labour 's GP contracts , which allowed them to opt out of out-of-hours care . Meanwhile it emerged last night that a Labour-supporting GP had circulated a letter claiming that ` five years of flat-line funding ' have ` crippled the NHS ' . A version of the letter -- organised by Dr Clare Gerada , the former chairman of the Royal College of GPs -- appeared in the Guardian signed by more than 100 doctors last night . It claimed the ` direction of travel ' under the Tories was towards privatisation , adding : ` Another five years of Tory austerity will sap staff morale and reduce the NHS to a poor service for poor people ' . Labour were accused of orchestrating the letter as a ` stitch up ' . Conservative MP Julian Smith said : ` This Labour stitch up is another desperate attempt to weaponise the NHS . ` Under this government , we 've got more doctors , more nurses and more patients being seen than ever before . ' In an email obtained by the Tories , Dr Gerada said signatures were being collected to ` counter ' the 100 business leaders who wrote a Tory-supporting letter to a national paper last week . Mr Miliband claimed there were now 600 fewer GP surgeries open during evenings and weekends than before the previous election -- which he said was directly contributing to the a & e crisis . Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt has promised to give NHS chiefs ` whatever they need ' after the election . Mr Hunt yesterday claimed a Conservative government would find whatever money the health service said was required to cope with the growing pressure on hospitals and GP surgeries . The apparently open-ended commitment will raise eyebrows at a time when public spending is under increasing pressure . NHS chief executive Simon Stevens has said the health service needs an extra £ 8billion a year by 2020 just to keep standards as they are . The Tories have pledged to find huge public spending cuts , and every pound spent on the NHS means less for other priorities such as education and defence . Mr Hunt told BBC Radio 4 's The World At One : ` We will back the NHS 's own plan in full ... We will give whatever they need , it might be more than £ 8billion , it might be less . ' Dr Gerada said she was a member of the Labour party but not an ` activist ' and said the letter had been organised independently . She told the Telegraph : ` It has not been orchestrated by Labour , it has been put together by me and a few other medical leaders . ' The Tories say that at least two of the signatories are Labour supporters , including one who tried to stand as a Labour candidate and another who has previously spoken at the Labour Party conference . The signatories , including Professor John Ashton , retired director of public health , and Simon Capewell , professor of public health in Liverpool , wrote that the NHS ` is withering away ' . They said ` if things carry on as they are then in future people will be denied care they once had under the NHS and have to pay more for health services . ' Meanwhile , as figures yesterday revealed that a & e waiting times are the longest since records began in 2004/05 , Mr Miliband said : ` One of the reasons for that is it 's got a lot harder to see a GP . ` Across England there are some 600 fewer GP surgeries open in the evenings and at weekends than there were at the last general election . ' But Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt said Labour 's ` shoddy figures are not only wrong but also expose Labour 's rank hypocrisy over GP access ' . Mr Hunt said the figures quoted only go up to 2013/14 and that since then , the Conservatives ' extended hours scheme , announced last year , has covered 1,100 practices and helped 7.5 million patients see GPs in the evenings and at weekends . He said by next year the scheme will cover 1,400 additional practices , serving 10 million more people . He added : ` The next Conservative Government will deliver a truly seven-day NHS , putting right a problem which began with Labour 's disastrous 2004 GP contract . ' Mr Hunt said the contract had allowed GPs to opt out of responsibility for their patients out of hours . He added that far from cutting funding , the Tories would give the NHS ` whatever it needs ' if the party wins the election . Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg accused Labour of ` making cheap political points using outdated statistics ' . ` It 's pretty rich coming from a party that blew £ 12billion on an NHS super computer , ' he said . Mr Clegg also described shadow health secretary Andy Burnham as ` a slightly sort of cardboard cut out , a rather sort of silly Labour politician . ' Medical leaders also criticised Labour 's claims yesterday . GP Mike Dixon , chairman of the NHS Alliance , said : ` Labour 's poster is not fair . ` Patient access to extended hour services has n't got worse , as these figures ignore the Prime Minister 's new scheme . ' Chris Leslie , shadow Treasury minister , said the figures were the latest available . Following the letter from 100 doctors claiming the NHS is not safe in Tory hands , Labour is today expected to launch a fresh attack over the health service . JAMES SLACK sifts the claims from the reality . CLAIM : There are 590 fewer GP surgeries open at evenings and weekends compared to Labour 's last year in office . REALITY : Shadow health secretary Andy Burnham is using figures which compare July 2009 to the year ending April 2014 - which means they are a full year out of date . This year is crucial in comparing the record of the last two governments . In April 2014 , David Cameron launched his £ 50million Challenge Fund to pay for GPs to open out-ofhours . It guaranteed at least one GP surgery locally would be available in the evening and weekends . The Tories say it has led to improved access for 7.5 million people at 1,100 surgeries . By March next year , a further £ 100million will have been spent on a further 1,417 practices across the country . Overall , there are now 1,600 more GPs than in 2010 . It is not the first time Labour has used old figures in what is already a dishonest election campaign . The party 's claim that families are £ 1,600 worse off under the Tories was also 12 months past its sell-by date . CLAIM : The Tories have made it harder to see a GP . REALITY : Anybody with memory of the Blair Years will know it is Labour - and the disastrous 2004 decision to renegotiate the existing GP contract - which lies at the root of the current problems . Not only did Labour abolish the requirement for every patient to have a named GP who was responsible for them , instead attaching them only to a surgery , but , most crucially , GPs were given more money despite no longer being required to work at weekends or at night . The inevitable result ? Nine out often GPs stopped providing out-ofhours care - hugely increasing the pressure on hospital a & e departments . Former health Minister Mike O'Brien said the deal Labour gave to the GPs was ` the best they ever had ... they probably all voted Labour in 2005 ' . Tory health secretary Jeremy Hunt has since made modest changes to the contract , such as giving four million over-75s a named GP , but there is still no requirement to work out - of-hours . CLAIM : The Tories have left the NHS weaker than at any stage in its history . REALITY : In the latest attempt by Labour and the Left to ` weaponise ' the NHS , 100 doctors last night released a letter which claimed the NHS was ` withering away ' under the Coalition and ` if things carry on as they are then in future people will be denied care they once had ' . It went on : Privatisation not only threatens coordinated services but also jeopardises training of our future health care providers and medical research , particularly that of public health . ' The problem is that much of the letter is at odds with the facts . Along with foreign aid , spending on the health service was ring-fenced from the cuts . Every year , it has received a real terms increase of at least 0.1 per cent . This equates to around £ 2.5 billion extra a year . On privatisation , the NHS outsourced 4.4 per cent of its budget under the Labour party - but less than 2 per cent under the Coalition . It was Labour - not the Tories - which presided over the shameful scandals at Basildon and Mid Staffs hospitals which cost hundreds of lives .