Kevin de Bruyne 's agent expects to go ` around the world ' discussing his client as interest in the Wolfsburg midfielder increases ahead of the summer transfer window . Patrick de Koster , who has confirmed that he held talks with Manchester City earlier this season , admits that he could receive 20 phone calls a day about the Belgium international as clubs prepare to strengthen their squads before the start of next season . City are keen to sign the ex-Chelsea midfielder as they look to reshape their squad but De Koster insists no decision has been made and that the 23-year-old could even remain at the Volkswagen Arena . Wolfsburg midfielder has attracted interest from Manchester City , Bayern Munich and Paris Saint-Germain . De Bruyne tussles with Schalke 's Sead Kolasinac during Wolfsburg 's 1-1 draw at the Volkswagen Arena . Speaking to The Guardian , De Koster said : ` For the moment , there are no formal discussions . Of course in the next few weeks I will be going around the world to talk about the situation with Kevin but this is just informal information . ` I will talk to everybody but Kevin is very , very happy with Wolfsburg and the way they have treated him since he arrived from Chelsea last year . ` There are still five games to play and hopefully they can make sure of a place in the Champions League next season so it is a little bit too early to be making any decisions . He has a four-year contract at Wolfsburg so we will have to see what they want to do . ` I have met the people from Manchester City and we know each other . I 've never spoken to anyone from Manchester United but a lot of other clubs have been in touch to find out some general information . ' Bundesliga champions Bayern Munich and Ligue 1 giants Paris Saint-Germain are both interested in De Bruyne , who is expected to cost around £ 40million after joining Wolfsburg from Chelsea for £ 18m in January last year . De Bruyne has scored 10 league goals and registered 17 assists so far this season , helping Dieter Hecking 's side to second place in the Bundesliga table . Ivan Perisic celebrates with De Bruyne after the Belgian 's equaliser against Schalke on Sunday . De Bruyne has been in superb form this season , scoring 10 goals and providing 17 assists in the Bundesliga .