Designer Lilly Pulitzer 's family learned that it 's not always about who you know - or who you are are related to - after they joined the thousands of people who were unable to beat the ` Pink Sunday ' rush for the late Ms Pulitzer 's eponymous brand 's brightly-colored , limited edition collaboration at Target . The 250-piece Lilly Pulitzer for Target collection sold out online and flew off of shelves at stores shortly after debuting on Sunday morning . Lilly Leas , the 26-year-old granddaughter of the late Palm Beach fashion trendsetter , managed to buy a floral-printed hammock online , but only because she set an alarm . Meanwhile , Mrs Pulitzer 's own daughter Liza wanted a beach chair - but missed out . The 58-year-old Palm Beach Realtor told the Sun Sentinel that her mother , who died in 2013 at the age of 81 , ` would have loved the fact that everybody wanted to get something , a piece of Lilly ' . Scroll down for video . Family style : The late Lilly Pulitzer -LRB- center -RRB- and her daughter Liza -LRB- right -RRB- wore the designer 's patterns in 2005 . Liza admitted that she was unable to purchase any items from the brand 's Target collaboration . Designer demand : Shopper Loren Boyce posted this picture of a cleared-out Target store on Sunday , writing that the racks were empty within five minutes . ` I think wearing a Lilly dress and wearing a Lilly print makes people smile , and the fact more people would have the opportunity - I liked that , ' Miss Leas added of the Target collection . The Lilly Pulitzer merchandise - which included clothing , accessories , and homeware from the designer at Target 's lower price point - attracted thousands of enthusiastic shoppers who logged online early and waited in long lines outside Target stores before they opened . And while all of the popular products have now officially sold out , more than 30,000 pieces have been listed for resale on eBay , many at higher price points , prompting angry customers who were unable to walk away with Lilly Pulitzer merchandise to boycott the second-hand sellers . A posting being shared on social media reads : ` Here 's a tip to those who missed out on purchasing today . BOYCOTT all second-hand seller of Target 's Lilly Pulitzer Collection UNTIL the prices drop below cost . Do n't be desperate to beat someone else out for a $ 30 dress . ' Just say no : Angry Lilly Pulitzer fans took to social media to start a boycott against second-hand sellers of merchandise . Just say no : A Twitter user named Amanda noted that pieces from the collection will be returned to Target if everyone bands together and refuses to bid on any of items on eBay . Colorful addiction : This woman was photographed with a cart full of patterned home décor from the Lilly Pulitzer for Target collection . Different opinion : Not everyone was a fan of the collection ; this Twitter user named Ponta could n't believe that women were willing to spend so much on the patterned designs . The message continues : ` If no one buys from eBay or Instagram - groups that are currently price gouging - they 'll be forced to drop the prices in a few weeks . This only works if everyone refuses to buy from any second-hand seller . #ForcedAccountability #LillyForEbay . ' Other Twitter users noted that the highly-coveted items from the Lilly Pulitzer collection will be returned to Target and restocked if everyone bands together and refuses to buy from second hand sellers . ' #LillyforTarget has a 14 day return window . Boycott #LillyforEbay and there will be stock in stores in about 13 days , ' one person tweeted , another added : ` Can we all just make a pact to not buy any of the #LillyforTarget aka #LillyforEbay Absolutely ridiculous -LSB- sic -RSB- . ' Speedy re-sellers first started earning bids for their purchases at up to ten times the retail price , including a $ 150 hammock for $ 799 and a $ 34 maxi dress for $ 202.50 . A $ 30 tote bag was posted with a Buy It Now asking price of $ 300 . Disappointed : Robin T was angry that Target did n't set a limit of how many pieces customers could purchase at a time . Wise woman : Esta Fiesta , who previously shared her tips on shopping designer collaborations , noted that people should have listened to her strategies . Shocking mark-up : Mary Hall encouraged people to buy ` real ' Lilly Pulitzer instead of spending hundreds on the Target collaboration being sold on eBay . However , within 24 hours , many more sold-out items became available on eBay for under $ 100 , including a $ 9.99 makeup bag that sold for $ 19.99 and a $ 15 headband that sold for $ 30 . Many of the thousands of re-sellers bought pieces in bulk with the intention of auctioning them online for a profit - a practice that angered some shoppers , who complained that these scalpers ruin the fun for ` true ' fans of the brand . ` There 's a special place in hell for those who bought items just to resell on eBay , ' one woman wrote on Twitter . Another said : ` The people who bought hoards of #LillyforTarget products just to resell them online are -LRB- literally -RRB- the reason we ca n't have nice things . -LSB- sic -RSB- ' Nothing left : Many people took to social media to share photos of the empty shelves at various Target stores . Band together : Keily Collins told people to avoid buying any of the pieces on eBay . Better idea : She added that she would rather go to a Lilly Pulitzer store and buy something from there than purchase anything from second-hand sellers . No human decency : Meanwhile , Carolyn Heard noted that ` people are the worst ' while encouraging others to join the boycott . Other customers also complained of problems using Target 's website on Sunday morning ; ` extreme traffic ' caused site crashes and difficulty completing purchases . Target 's chief merchandising and supply chain officer Kathee Tesija apologized for the issues regarding the store 's website on the company 's blog on Tuesday , saying the experience customers had on Target.com on Sunday morning ` was n't acceptable ' , while denying that the site had crashed . ` Our goal is to provide an easy , fun experience , whether guests are shopping online or in our stores . We did n't get there with this launch and for that , we 're sorry , ' she said . ` The website never crashed , but due to high traffic , it was slow and our guests had to wait longer than they should have to access the full collection . ' She added : ` That 's frustrating , both for them and for us . We 're taking a close look at what happened . We 're committed to constant improvement , and are laser focused on providing our guests with a great , seamless experience . ' Ms Tesija also addressed the outrage over second hand re-sellers of the collection . Fast fashion gets faster : Lilly Pulitzer 's lower-priced collection for Target sold out almost immediately online and in stores ; customers re-selling this $ 34 maxi dress were netting bids over $ 200 . Pricey prints : Pieces like this Lilly Pulitzer bag , left , and hammock , right were quickly available at major mark-ups online , though more affordable resell prices have popped up since the initial rush . ` One of the things we 're incredibly passionate about at Target is making great design accessible and affordable , ' she said . ` When we see product that we 've created for our guests being resold on the secondary market for a profit , it 's disheartening because it takes away from the very intent of these programs . ' She continued : ` When we look at the amount of Lilly Pulitzer for Target product being resold , it translates to roughly 1.5 per cent of the collection . While we 'd prefer that number to be zero , it tells us that the vast majority of guests who purchased the collection did so with the intent of enjoying it for themselves . ' But though frustrated fans criticized Target for poor planning and a lack of bulk-buying policies , these are hardly new experiences for customers who have taken advantage of the store 's past designer collaborations . The highly-anticipated diffusion lines are promoted for months in advance with ads , lookbooks and celebrity-packed parties , resulting in hordes of fashionistas adding the on-sale dates to their calendars . In 2011 , Missoni 's collaboration with Target crashed the website as well , and collections from Prabal Gurung , 3.1 Phillip Lim , and Peter Pilotto all saw marked-up resell value on eBay after selling out in stores . Bait for the belles : ` The things Southern girls do for @LillyPulitzer #LillyforTarget -LSB- sic -RSB- , ' wrote customer Michelle Christine of the line outside a Richmond , Virginia Target store . Hollywood ladies love Lilly : Celebrities including -LRB- L to R -RRB- Camila Alves , Kate Bosworth , Bella Thorne , and Ellie Kemper all wore Lilly Pulitzer for Target dresses to the line 's launch party .