The daughter of troubled ex-footballer Paul Gascoigne has been mugged by a gang on bikes in central London who took her phone which reportedly had private texts from her father . Former model Bianca Gascoigne , 28 , was targeted by the gang of eight on Tuesday afternoon as she talked on her mobile while walking in Marylebone . The attackers are thought to have grabbed her phone and then attempted to snatch her bag , but ran away when she fought them off . Miss Gascoigne , pictured with her father Paul and brother Regan . Mr Gascoigne adopted the 28-year-old after he married her mother Sheryl in 1996 . The theft reportedly left her in tears and she is said to have been left devastated given the nature of the text messages stored on her phone . According to the Sun 's Dan Sales Miss Gascoigne told a friend : ` I was walking across the road and was suddenly surrounded by this gang of eight . ` They were all hooded up so I could n't see them properly . It was terrifying . ' A friend also told the newspaper : ` She 's furious because these lowlifes will be able to go through private texts , some were with her dad Paul . ' Miss Gascoigne later took to her Twitter page , where she too branded the muggers ` low lifes ' . She posted : ` Beautiful day shame it just got ruined by being robbed ! Got ambushed by a bunch of lowlifes on bikes . ' Miss Gascoigne took to her Twitter page after the attack , where she branded her muggers ` lowlifes on bikes ' A Scotland Yard spokesman said : ` Police were informed of the theft of a mobile phone , which happened at about 3.45 pm on Tuesday in Wimpole Road , Marylebone . ` An appointment has been made to speak to the victim . ' Mr Gascoigne adopted Miss Gascoigne and her brother Mason after he married her mother Sheryl in 1996 . They also have a child together called Regan . The couple divorced two years later but the 28-year-old and the former England international are still said to be incredibly close . She has appeared on several reality TV shows including Celebrity Love Island and Celebrity Coach Trip and currently runs the Gaslight club in central London . Bianca Gascoigne , the daughter of troubled ex-footballer Paul Gascoigne , who was mugged by a gang and had her phone taken , which was reportedly full of private texts from her father . Last year , Miss Gascoigne hit out at Twitter trolls who attacked her saying she should have done more to help her step-father , who has had a well-documented battle with alcohol abuse . It came after he was led away from his home Sandbanks , Dorset by police and an ambulance crew following worried neighbours ' calls to emergency services . One online bully told the glamour model her step-father was ` done ' and another branded her ` attention seeking ' . But she hit back tweeting : ` There are some sick twisted people out there have some compassion do n't know why people feel the need to be so nasty & have opinions they know nothing about . ' Last month , Mr Gascoigne , a former Tottenham Hotspur and Newcastle United midfielder , insisted he was healthy and was n't drinking again during a TV appearance on BT Sport . The star then put a recent stint in hospital following an apparent alcohol binge down to ` just to a little blip ' , and insisted other photos of him shopping in a off-licence earlier this year did n't mean he had resorted to his old habits .