Edwin Mee denies a series of sex offences which complainants claim took place when he worked as as an Army recruitment sergeant in Croydon . An Army recruitment sergeant who served with the Special Forces in Iraq has denied sex attacks on 11 female cadets - saying they ` never happened ' . Edwin Mee , 46 , is said to have abused his position of power to abuse or rape 11 alleged victims while working at an Army careers centre in Croydon , south London . The Scottish officer - known as ` Jock ' - allegedly carried out the attacks on women aged from 15 to their early twenties between October 2010 and September 2011 . Taking to the witness box to give evidence at London 's Southwark Crown Court today , Mee told jurors about his military career , and firmly denied the allegations . He branded one alleged victim - who says she became pregnant after he raped her - a ` time waster ' and a liar . Lisa Wilding QC , defending , asked her client : ` The allegations against you are that in respect of two complainants , that you raped them , and in respect of the others that you touched them sexually , what do you say generally about those allegations ? ' Mee replied : ` That never happened ma'am . ' Mee joined the army aged 24 , and went on to serve tours of duty in Iraq - where he was attached to the Special Forces , and Afghanistan - where he was attached to a parachute regiment - and Bosnia , jurors heard . By the time the allegations against him came to light he had acquired the rank of sergeant , and he was suspended in 2011 . The court was told that Mee was medically discharged from the Army in April 2014 . He explained that his father had been an engineer in the Royal Navy , his mother an Army nurse , and that his step-brothers had also been in the Army . Lisa Wilding QC , defending Mee , asked him how he felt about his time in the Army . He replied : ` Everyone knows how I feel about the Army . My family served in it - the Army was my life , and if it was n't for all this mess , I would still be there . ' When arrested , Mee gave a prepared statement to police denying the allegations against him . Referring to one of the rape allegations , he said : ` I have never raped any person in my life . ' He went on to deny each of the sexual assault allegations saying ` I did not sexually assault any person ' , when talking about each individual incident . However , giving evidence , Mee conceded that he would often swear in the recruitment office and shouted at recruits saying things like ` I 'll rip your head off and s *** down your throat ' . When asked why he was like this , he replied : ` If I felt they were trying to mess me about , if somebody missed an appointment . These are courses that are paid for by the British army . ` If someone missed an appointment I would get them on the phone and b ****** them . At the time I just thought it was normal . It was just the way I spoke . ' Mee said that the Army , from which he is suspended , is ` his life ' and insisted the offences ` never happened ' He further admitted that he would often make comments to ` threaten or intimidate ' recruits because the Army is not a nine to five job and they needed to understand that they could lose their lives . But Mee also told jurors that he was ` protective ' over his candidates and felt that he was in the best position to help them , occasionally ` cutting corners ' to help them progress . He had a total of 565 candidates on his books while working at the recruitment centre . The court has heard that Mee targeted alleged victims by staying late at the careers centre to conduct after-hours interviews with applicants - in which he ` gauged their vulnerability ' . One of the women , who is originally from Sierra Leone , claims she became pregnant after Mee raped her . He is accused of having threatened to halt her application at one point , telling her : ` I am from the army , I can do anything ' . But Mee denied her claims . He said : ` She was a time waster and she lied to me with regards to her application and medical condition . ' ` She had a problem with her weight and I had to send her away , she was slightly overweight I believe , ' he said . Giving evidence from behind a screen , the complainant told jurors Mee raped her after pretending to ring the Home Office to help secure her visa . Mee was working at an Army careers centre in Croydon , south London , when the alleged incidents took place . He dismissed her account that she believed he could influence her immigration status . ` I would say that is absolutely ludicrous and rubbish , ' Mee told jurors . He further denied slapping her bottom , asking her to live with him and asking for sex on the telephone . ` Did you ever say `` I will marry you if you do n't get a visa '' , ' asked Ms Wilding . ` No I did not , ' replied Mee . Another complainant , aged 16 at the time of the alleged offence , says Mee asked to see the piercing in her stomach area the first time they met to discuss her application . She claims that he later slapped her bottom and , when she complained , told her : ` It 's you who needs the Army . ' At the time of the alleged sex attacks , he was employed as a recruiting sergeant with the British Army at the Mitcham Barracks Army Careers and Information Office -LRB- ACIO -RRB- in Croydon . Mee , of Croydon , south London denies 17 counts of sexual assault , three rapes and one count of assault by penetration . Southwark Crown Court heard Mee was protective of his recruits and ` cut corners ' to help them in their careers . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .