Paula Radcliffe expects her emotions to spill over once more when she pulls down the curtain on her competitive running career in Subday 's London Marathon . David Beckham memorably cried in the dying moments of his last appearance for Paris Saint-Germain , overwhelmed during the final moments of his professional football career . ` I spent most of my career crying , did n't I ? ' said Radcliffe , laughing at the comparison , ` I have done enough crying but I do n't know , I think the marathon does that to you anyway because you are so exhausted by the end of it , emotions are really close to the surface . ' World record holder Paula Radcliffe says she is likely to cry when she runs the final race of her career . Sunday 's London Marathon will be Radcliffe 's final competitive marathon of her career . Radcliffe joked that she has never been far from tears in her career , as she was at the 2004 Athens Olympics . Radcliffe has battled with an injury to her left foot , which made it difficult for her even to walk short distances two months ago , to make it to the start line . She will set off with the masses rather than the elite runners but the memory of her stunning 2 hr 15 min 25sec world record run in London in 2003 will not be far from her thoughts . Almost 12 years later no woman has come close to that mark , but Radcliffe insists her remarkable time was not a mixed blessing . ` I would never call it double-edged , ' she said , ` The longer it stands , and now as I get older and training gets harder , I appreciate it a lot more than I did . When I crossed the line I thought I could go and run faster . ' Thereafter Radcliffe 's career was plagued by injury and misfortune , particularly at the Olympics . She pulled out of the Athens 2004 marathon at 22 miles and sobbed at the side of the road . In Beijing four years later she wept as she struggled over the line in 23rd place . She was forced to pull out of London 2012 . The former World Champion says she knows she got the best out of her career , despite several injuries . Radcliffe set the world record in 2003 when she won the London Marathon in a time of 2:15:25 . ` Maybe my career was a little bit shorter because I ran so hard to do those times early on . But , still , I can look back and say I got the best out of myself that I was capable of doing . ' Radcliffe maintained she wanted to finish her career on her own terms and in London . ` If you said to me you could run another marathon hard and be competitive but you 'll never be able to run again , I would n't choose that . ` I do n't want to do something that would jeopardise the health of my foot . I want to be able to run with my kids . ' The 35th London Marathon will double up as the IPC World Championships , and the women 's elite race sees Edna Kiplagat attempt to retain her title . The men 's race features a much anticipated battle between defending champion Wilson Kipsang -- who is aiming for a third win -- and the new world-record holder Dennis Kimetto , who makes his London debut .