When Emma Jackson , 28 , moved into a quiet cul-de-sac in Hull just over a year ago , she thought she had found the perfect place to call home . But within a week of moving in , her dream home turned into a nightmare thanks to an aggressive neighbour with a penchant for watching TV with the volume turned up at all hours of the day . Unable to sleep because of the racket , the photography student asked unemployed Mark Ray , 56 , to turn it down - but was met with a barrage of abuse that culminated , a year later , in violent threats and stalking . Terrified : Emma Jackson , 28 , was subjected to vile verbal abuse and was stalked by her neighbour . Now Ms Jackson has been forced to move home because of Mr Ray but says she lives in terror of him discovering her new address . Ms Jackson 's ordeal began less than a week after moving into her ground floor flat , which she did despite having been warned that the previous occupants also had trouble with Mr Ray . ` I was told that the previous tenants antagonised him but I 'm obviously not like that so I did n't think it would be a problem , ' she said . Then the daily barrage of noise began . ` On the first morning , I was laid in bed and it was about 6 am and all of a sudden , there was this noise . ` The TV was on at full blast to the point that you could hear what he was watching . The ceilings are really low so it was right above my bed . ' After a week , Ms Jackson approached her neighbour to ask whether he would mind turning the sound down a bit but found herself on the receiving end of an expletive-laden tirade . Aggressive : Mark Ray , 56 , waged a year-long campaign of terror against Ms Jackson . Quiet : Ms Jackson and Mr Ray were neighbours in this quiet cul-de-sac in Hull . ` I got this explosion , this tirade of abuse , ' she remembers . ` Then he ran off and went into his flat and I was just totally shocked . It was the first time I 'd met him and that 's what I got from him . ' The noise continued , with Ms Jackson forced to resort to headphones in order to get any sleep at all . Worse still , Mr Ray began to subject her to vile tirades every time he spotted her in the street or over the garden fence . Incensed , Ms Jackson got in touch with the local Housing Association . Although ordered to turn his television down , the 28-year-old says Mr Ray 's new leaf lasted for just seven days . ` He kept to that for about a week and then he just crept back up again and it went back to how it was before . ' Finally at breaking point , Ms Jackson snapped and banged on the ceiling with a broom handle during a cleaning session . Mr Ray responded by banging on her front door and , when confronted and accused of bullying by Ms Jackson , threw a 3ft wooden pole at her . Damage : As well as threatening violence , Mr Ray nailed the shed door shut -LRB- see photo held by Ms Jackson -RRB- . Traumatised : Ms Jackson says her year of living next door to Mr Ray was the worst of her life . As the situation at home worsened , it began to affect all areas of Ms Jackson 's life , with Mr Ray even turning up at her workplace . Her family were also affected , with Mr Ray physically threatening her step-mother and father when they visited Ms Jackson 's home . ` Mr Ray came out , he was shouting and swearing as usual and red in the face , ' she remembers . ` He had a massive rock on top of his bin . ` My step-mum was standing close to the fence and he held it over his head as high as it could go and said `` I 'm going to kill you '' . ` My dad ran forward and put his hand out to stop it . I was just totally shocked and I feared for my step-mum 's life . If he 'd have dropped it on her , he would definitely have killed her . ' The police were called and Mr Ray was handed an injunction that prevented him from approaching or speaking to Ms Jackson . But even that was n't enough to stop him . ` I think he was scared for a bit and did n't want to get into any trouble , ' she says . ` But then his actual personality must have got the better of him because he started again a few weeks later . ` Instead of overtly harassing me , he would follow me down the street . You could hear it was him because of his stick . ` Everywhere I went , he turned up , he was there . It made me feel really paranoid because every time I walked down the street , I could feel his eyes on the back of my head . ' By now at her wits end , Ms Jackson says every part of her life was suffering . ` It was affecting everything in my life , ' she says . ` It was affecting my studies because I could n't sleep . It was affecting my work because I had everything going on at once and it was just ridiculous . ` My hair started falling out because I was just that stressed about it all . ' Eventually , Ms Jackson installed a CCTV camera and was finally able to gather the evidence she needed to prove Mr Ray was breaking the terms of the injunction . In October 2014 , he was issued with a new injunction that said he would face immediate arrest should he become violent or threaten it . But for Ms Jackson , it was too little , too late and she has now moved into a new home away from Mr Ray . ` It 's been the worst year of my life , ' she says . ` I 've been depressed . It 's affected my relationships with people . ` I do n't want him to find out where I live -LSB- now -RSB- because I 'm sure he would do something . He is that type of person and that does scare me . '