Raheem Sterling has hinted that his long-term future remains at Liverpool after revealing that he dreams of hearing Anfield sing his name . Sterling is stalling on a new £ 100,000-a-week contract offer , although he insists it has nothing to do with money and he will reassess at the end of the season . The 20-year-old , who has been linked with a number of Europe 's top clubs , has now revealed that he 'd love his very own chant from the Liverpool faithful . Raheem Sterling -LRB- left -RRB- has revealed that he hopes Liverpool fans create a chant for him . Sterling is stalling on a new £ 100,000-a-week offer although he insists it has nothing to do with money . Sterling told Sunday Times Magazine : ` My ambition is to have my own song from the Kop . Last season I loved the song for Luis Suarez -- -LSB- Steven -RSB- Gerrard and -LSB- Philippe -RSB- Coutinho have good ones too . ` Of course , when the crowd 's with you , there 's nothing better . ' Sterling will be hoping to help Liverpool to a crucial Premier League victory against Newcastle United on Monday evening as Brendan Rodgers ' side look to close the gap to fourth-place Manchester City . Sterling made his Liverpool debut in a Premier League defeat against Wigan in 2012 . Sterling -LRB- second right -RRB- models Liverpool 's new kit alongside -LRB- l-r -RRB- Adam Lallana , Daniel Sturridge , Jordan Henderson and Philippe Coutinho last week as the new strip was revealed . The former Queens Park Rangers youngster also revealed how a visit to Anfield as a starstruck 15-year-old convinced him that a career on Merseyside was the right move . He added : ` I was 15 when I signed to Liverpool 's youth team , and I have to admit I was starstruck . The first time I saw Stevie -LSB- Gerrard -RSB- I thought he was a fake ! I could n't believe he was real and not a waxwork . ` By the time I was 14 , I had trials lined up at Arsenal , Chelsea and Fulham , but my Liverpool trial at Anfield came first , and when I saw the stadium and the training ground , I thought : `` Right , I 'm not leaving here until I 've signed . ' Reds boss Brendan Rodgers will be hoping Sterling decides to stay at Anfield next season .