Tiger Woods was genial . Tiger Woods was charm personified . Tiger Woods is the 111th best golfer in the world . You can grin your way through life as the 111th best golfer in the world . No pressure . No big whoop . Judging by some of the stuff said and written about Woods in the build-up to his 20th Masters , it will be an achievement if he makes the cut . Very respected names have close to begged him not to compete . Woods does n't see it like that at all . He 's in it to win it . And it 's in those little moments that the old Tiger -- some would argue the real Tiger -- breaks cover again . Tiger Woods was all smiles as he played a practice around ahead of his 20th appearance at the Masters . The former best player in the world arrives at Augusta ranked a lowly 111th in the game . Woods name appears on the Masters ' tournament winner 's board four times ; 1997 , 2001 , 2002 and 2005 . It was all smiles and wise-cracks as Woods sat before the assembled press on Tuesday . Questions that would once have been greeted with terse disregard were warmly expanded upon . Memory lane was tripped down , the elder statesman played . He even referred to some of the correspondents in the room as his friends . And then he was asked where a win this week , from one ranking place lower than Tomohiro Kondo of Japan , at a point in his career when it was wondered whether he would be seen on the golf course as a competing professional again , would rank in his career achievements . And up leapt old Tiger . He did n't answer this one with a short , evocative speech or a ready quip . He shut it down , old school . One sentence , no messing , no prospect of elaboration . Woods has insisted that he would not enter a tournament unless he thought he had a chance of winning it . The 39-year-old looks towards the ground after hitting a shot during practice on Monday . Woods smiles as he talks with his traditional practice partner Mark O'Meara -LRB- left -RRB- at Augusta . ` It would be my 15th major , ' said Woods . The temperature in the room dropped by several degrees . Brevity replaced levity . The questioner , gamely , tried again with a slight rephrase . ` Long way to go before that , ' Woods replied . ` Lot of work to do . ' He smiled . The chill passed . And , of course , that is exactly what it would be . Just his 15th major , if it signalled a true return to form . And on to the next one . World No 4 Jordan Spieth was in ninth grade -- 14 years old -- when Woods won his last major in 2008 . But if he could win a fifth Masters he would be back in the game . And no more Mr Nice Guy , one feels . From 111th in the world , Woods has time to take the scenic route in conversation . Back to where he was , back to contending , he would be all business again . Not entirely like before , of course , because he could never go back to before -- but not many of the guys who are genuinely fancied to be wearing the green jacket on Sunday night practised as Woods did , with partner and kids in tow . Woods gets a hug from his children , Charlie and Sam , who will carry his bag for the par three tournament . Woods ' girlfriend Lindsey Vonn leads the pair around the course to watch their father practice . Ski champion Vonn has a chat with tournament favourite Rory McIlroy during practice . As Woods putted , Lindsey Vonn , a world champion skier , clutched Charlie and Sam and chatted to a passing Rory McIlroy . The contrast was clear . McIlroy , whose easy manner and charisma require no effort , is not here to smell the azaleas . He is the world 's best golfer , on the brink of a third consecutive major in what would be a personal Grand Slam -- only the sixth in the world to do it . He has a lot at stake . Woods is on bonus time . In January , he shot an 82 , 11-over-par , at the Waste Management Phoenix Open , his worst round in close to 13 years . A week later , he walked off at Torrey Pines after 11 holes citing back problems . His partner that day , Chris DiMarco , thought it was more out of embarrassment . ` He was n't doing anything good , ' he said . Woods then took an indefinite break from golf , with claims he had the chipping yips . On Monday he admitted being stuck between two release patterns , which amounts to the same thing . When he spoke of his journey to this point of return , it was clear he regards it as the second -- maybe third , considering the events of 2009 -- phase of his career . Woods shot the worst round of his professional career , an 82 at the Waste Management Phoenix Open . Woods speaks to the world 's media after withdrawing from the first round of the Farmers Insurance Open . The 14 major winner stands at the tee as the Augusta course is mowed ahead of this year 's tournament . ` People would never understand how much work I put in to come back and do this again , ' he said . ` I worked my ass off , that 's the easiest way to describe it . I worked hard . Sun up to sun down . When the kids were in school , I 'd be doing it . When they went to sleep , still doing it . ` The way I saw it , if I started when the sun came up I 'd be a better player when it set . Getting better incrementally . It would come in flashes . It would come for 10 minutes and then I 'd lose it for an hour . Then I 'd get it back . Gradually , it flipped . I 'd have it for an hour , lose it for 10 minutes . And then it was just there . There were some frustrating moments , but I had to stick with it . There were times when clubs flew , when a few suddenly slipped out of my hand -- and travelled some good distances . ` But we kept working , shot by shot , hour by hour . It was slow and steady , just taking little bits of progression . I had to hammer it out , make sure it was engrained . I just had to get through it . ' Woods smiles after winning his last major in a play-off with Rocco Mediate at the 2008 US Open . The all conquering American celebrates winning the Masters after sinking a play-off putt in 2005 . Nick Faldo slips the green jacket on Woods after he won his first major at the 1997 Masters . And now he 's through it . And America waits . For while nobody expects the player one better than Hennie Otto of South Africa to beat among the most competitive Masters fields in the modern era , that does n't mean there is not a desperate yearning for the impossible to happen . It does n't help that the man in Woods 's place is not Bubba Watson , or Rickie Fowler , or any of the other star spangled pretenders , but a 25-year-old from Belfast who plays for the wrong team when the Ryder Cup is on . America likes Rory , but it loves Tiger . His victories once caused a spike in Wall Street 's Monday morning figures , and golf 's television numbers have not recovered from his spell in recovery . So the positive lines in Woods 's Masters preparation are lapped up and thrown out as a potential feelgood hit of the summer . That 's why Woods is still , against all logic , asked about winning here . Why he plays the game , and talks about winning right back at them . ` I prepare to win and expect to go and do that , ' he said . ` I 've come close in the last 10 years . Half of the tournaments since 2005 I had a chance on the back nine . I just did n't get it done . For whatever reason , I did n't seize the opportunity . ' The former champion has spoken of practicing his game from dawn until dusk to hone his swing . Woods latest comeback has sparked a tidal wave of interest from American supporters and beyond . The room seemed pleased with the answer . Woods was asked what , at 39 , remained his greatest motivation . ` Winning , ' deadpanned old Tiger , suddenly solemn . And then he smiled . ` I like it , ' he said , before disappearing through a side door . Tiger Woods is the 111th best golfer in the world and entirely at ease with that . For now .