A young father who died in a paragliding accident on Monday afternoon posted pictures of his view from the sky just hours before he lost control of his powered paramotor . Kyle Wittstock , 22 , posted photos from the air with the caption ` Guess where I am ? ' , showing the beach and water far below his dangling feet . The paraglider was swept into a garage door of a house on Linksman Street in Yanchep , Perth , by a strong wind at approximately 3.30 pm on Monday afternoon . Kyle Wittstock , 22 , died on Monday afternoon after his paraglider crashed into a garage door . Mr Wittstock was taken to Joondalup Hospital by emergency services and was pronounced dead shortly after arrival , reported 9news . The 22-year-old left behind a fiance and a nine-week-old daughter , who he referred to as his ` little lion cub ' in Facebook posts . ` So lucky to have a family like mine !!! I appreciate it a lot ... my two girls life could n't be any better , ' Mr Wittstock posted earlier in the year , along with several photos of his new daughter and the slogan ` family is everything ' . He also posted several pictures of himself in February in the air with his new paramotor . ` Had an awesome flight today with my new wing about time I took it out !! Found my 2nd lover haha , ' he posted , shortly before posting a photo of his ` view for this wonderful day !!! Blessed ! ' . The 22-year-old left behind a fiance and a nine-week-old daughter . Family and friends were quick to post their condolences and memories of Mr Wittstock . ` I am going to miss you my buddy there was n't one day we never laughed together thank you for spending a lot of your life with me , ' one friend wrote of Mr Wittstock . Friends and family were quick to express their grief and shock over Mr Wittstock 's accident , with some unsure whether the footage they had seen on the news was his glider . ` A bit random but just watching the news . . You all good ?? ' posted one friend . ` Have you seen the news dude , hope you ok up there ! ' said another . A woman identifying herself as Mr Wittstock 's sister confirmed that her brother had died and asked for the support of their loved ones . ` Kyle has been involved in an accident and has passed away . Keep us in your thoughts and prayers . We are all in shock , ' she wrote . Mr Wittstock posted several photos of himself with his newborn daughter and called her his ` lion cub ' ` I am going to miss you my buddy there was n't one day we never laughed together thank you for spending a lot of your life with me , ' posted one friend . She later uploaded a collage of images of her and Mr Wittstock , along with the tag ` RIP brother ' . ` Far too soon for this to happen . I wished and wished , prayed it was n't you but my pray was n't answered . I love you man !! Rest in peace !! ' said one of Mr Wittstock 's friends . ` I am going to miss you my buddy there was n't one day we never laughed together thank you for spending a lot of your life with me , ' said another . Perth MX , a local motorcycling company , paid tribute to the 22-year-old , who was revealed as an avid motorcross rider . ` Perth MX Really saddened by the news today , RIP Kyle Wittstock a great fun guy at motocross , always there to say hello , ' the post read . ` Top and tough little mx-er in Juniors , and just a great fella . At PerthMX our thoughts are with Kyle 's friends and family at this time and also with his little daughter . Rest In Peace Kyle ' . Mr Wittstock also posted several pictures of himself in February in the air with his new paramotor .