One of Australia 's most baffling cold cases of the so-called the Somerton Man may finally be solved after 67 years thanks to the technological advances in DNA testing . People walking along Somerton Beach , southwest of Adelaide , found a deceased fully-clothed man aged about 45 lying on the shore on December 1 , 1948 . A post-mortem determined that the man had died of poisoning but police and coronial investigations were unable to identify the body due to several factors including that the poison used to kill him was undetectable . The mystery of a dead man 's body washed up on a beach 67 years ago may be solved thanks to the technological advances in DNA testing . The Persian phrase ` ended ' was scrawled on the scrap of paper and the discovery of a secret code and a woman 's telephone number in the book where the paper came from . Even a handwritten note found hidden in the pocket of a man 's trousers did not provide any clues to the identity of the body - in fact it left experts even more puzzled . The Persian phrase ` ended ' was scrawled on the scrap of paper and the discovery of a secret code and a woman 's telephone number in the book where the paper came from . Adelaide University Professor Derek Abbott said there was ` a good chance ' of identifying the body if South Australian Attorney-General , John Rau , agreed to exhuming the remains , which are buried at an Adelaide cemetery . ` Even with a body of that age , I think we will be able to get something , ' he told The Adelaide Advertiser . In October 2011 , Mr Rau rejected an exhumation to go ahead because he said it did not exceed ` public curiosity or broad scientific interest ' . ` If circumstances existed ... that would warrant my considering an exhumation it would be considered , however , those circumstances do n't exist and never have , ' he said . American forensic genealogist Colleen Fitzpatrick , who was in Adelaide yesterday as part of an expert panel discussing the Somerton Man , said she could take the body 's DNA code and search ethnicity markers using data across 50 countries to find the man 's origin . ` Yes , the man is dead and at peace , hopefully , but there also may be family looking for him , ' Dr Fitzpatrick said . People walking along Somerton beach , southwest of Adelaide , -LRB- pictured -RRB- found a deceased fully-clothed man aged about 45 lying on the shore on December 1 , 1948 .