Masks were donned , capes were tied and tights were squeezed into as thousands of comic book fans around the world dressed up in unison in an attempt to break a world record . Warner Bros and DC Entertainment attempted to set a world record for the largest gatherings of people dressed as DC Comics Superheroes within 24 hours . The April 18 event kicked off in Queensland , Australia , with a celebration at the Movie World Australia theme park and ended in Los Angeles , California , at the Hollywood & Highland Center . Scroll down for video . Warner Bros and DC Entertainment attempted to set a world record for most people dressed as superheroes . Comic book fans around the world dressed up in unison in an attempt to break the record on April 18 , 2015 . The event kicked off in Queensland , Australia , with a celebration at the Movie World Australia theme park . It ended in style in Los Angeles , California , at the Hollywood & Highland Center . The record was probably set . Venues in 15 cities in the US , UK , France , Spain , Mexico , Italy , Brazil , Taiwan and the Philippines all participated . Venues in 15 cities , including Los Angeles and Queensland , participated in the event . The other 13 locations were : Birmingham , UK , Cardiff , UK , Kaohsiung , Taiwan , Lille , France , London , UK , Lyon , France , Madrid , Spain , Manila , Philippines , Mexico City , Mexico , Paris , France , Rome , Italy , Sao Paulo , Brazil and Warrington , UK . Fans around the globe dressed as classic DC characters like Wonder Woman , Superman , Batman , Robin , Batgirl , Supergirl , Aquaman , Cyborg , The Flash , Green Arrow , and Green Lantern during the attempt - and a few people even dressed up their pets . Fans happily dressed up as classic DC characters like Wonder Woman , Superman , Batman and the Flash . Some fans even dressed up their pets as DC Comics characters . Marvel heroes like Spider Man were n't allowed . To be counted , fans had to gather in the assigned area at each local event and stay there for a full five minutes . The largest gathering of people dressed as Superman was 867 , according to Guinness . The record was set at the Kendal Calling Festival in Lowther Deer Park , Cumbria , UK , on July 27 , 2013 . Impressive as that was , it was not the largest gathering of people ever dressed as a superhero . That record was set by 1,580 participants in an event organized by Paramount Studios to promote the Dreamworks movie Megamind in Los Angeles , California , USA on October 2 , 2010 . Given the global scale of Saturday 's event , it seems likely the Megamind record was broken . Some people dressed as Robin , Batgirl , Supergirl , Aquaman , Cyborg , The Flash , Green Arrow or Green Lantern . DC invited ` fans of all ages to come out for this exciting family event and don their capes , cowls and masks ' When the event was announced , Warner Bros Consumer Products president Brad Globe said : ` Warner Bros Consumer Products is thrilled to team up with partners around the world to set the world record for the most people dressed as DC Comics Superheroes . ` We invite fans of all ages to come out for this exciting family event and don their capes , cowls and masks to represent their favorite DC Comics Superhero . ' In order to be counted , fans had to gather in the assigned area at each local event and stay there for five minutes . Other participating cities included Birmingham , Cardiff , Kaohsiung , London , Madrid , Manila and Mexico City . The current record for the largest gathering of people dressed as a superhero is 1,580 and it was set in 2010 .