A man defended his home from four armed burglars by hacking pieces out of them with a Samurai sword . Dias Costa , 49 , slashed the face , arms , and necks of the raiders , who fled the property in a getaway car while dripping with blood . The burglary took place late at night in the Cerro Norte neighbourhood of Cordoba , in central Argentina - and all of the men are currently in intensive care . Painful deterrent : The disastrous burglary attempt took place in the Cerro Norte neighbourhood of Cordoba , in central Argentina - and all of the men are currently in intensive care . Mr Costa , 49 , and his wife Christina , 48 , were asleep when the men , who were armed with two pistols , broke in at around 3.30 am . Police commissioner Mariano Zarate said : ` In a moment when the attackers were not paying attention , the house owner took a samurai sword and defended himself , injuring the attackers and making them run away . ' In the panic , the thieves only managed to steal the equivalent of £ 278 and fled in a Peugeot 206 car which was parked outside . Bleeding heavily , the driver lost control of the vehicle and hit a stationary car forcing all four to go to hospital for emergency treatment . Police initially arrested two men and one woman , but another man who hid was forced to come back to hospital the next day due to serious sword injuries . The Costa family have moved in with relatives as they fear they might be targeted in revenge attacks . Prosecutor Jorgelina Guties said : ` We could not yet question the victim of the burglary as he is still in a state of shock ' . Bleeding heavily : One of the burglars sits in the back of a police vehicle badly injured after being attacked with the Samurai sword . In a bad way : A burglar whose face was slashed by the sword sits in the back of a police vehicle before later being treated in hospital . Stitched up : The man has been left with a huge scar from where surgeons stitched his face back together . Covered in blood : In the panic , the thieves only managed to steal the equivalent of £ 278 and fled in a Peugeot 206 car which was parked outside . Crashed getaway car : Bleeding heavily , the driver lost control of the vehicle and hit a stationery car .