Harking back to UK transformation show 10 Years Younger , people on the street are asked to guess a woman 's age in a bold new advert . A French model starring in a television film for Garnier is filmed and photographed as she ` ages ' an average of five years throughout a typical working day . The Parisian public observe her appearance and proceed to judge her as older - from as young as 26 to as old as 40 - as the day progresses . At 7 am the actress looks bright and bushy tailed , ready for the day ahead - studio lights capture this in the ad . But by 9.47 she looks exhausted as she prepares the family dinner and does the laundry after a day at work . The working mother-of-two is seen drying her hair first thing , dropping her two young children off at school , working out , working on a computer in the office , food shopping and more as a camera follows her every move . She is photographed at the beginning of her day and at the end - at 7 am and 9.47 pm - and both images are then judged independently by people on the street . Looking at the morning photo , strangers generally thought she looked somewhere between her late twenties or early thirties , but with the evening photo , they guessed she was in her late thirties and forties . Researchers found she looked five years older in the evening photograph compared to the morning image based on the average ages guessed . The advert for Garnier 's Miracle Sleeping Cream ends with the statement ` In only one day , fatigue can age you by five years . ' , followed by the answer to all your problems : ` But a miracle can change everything ' . If there 's a best way to sell face cream , this creation by Paris agency Publicis Conseil would surely take top prize . Probably because it can make you feel awful about yourself . The powerful advert for Garnier 's Miracle Sleeping Cream has gained widespread coverage . The mother-of-two in the short film is photographed at the beginning of her day and at the end . Both images are judged independently by people on the Parisian streets - who guess vastly different ages . Strangers thought she looked somewhere in her late twenties or early thirties in the morning , but by evening , they guessed she was in her late thirties and forties . Researchers found she looked five years older in the evening photograph compared to the morning .