President Barack Obama and Cuban President Raul Castro shook hands last night ahead of a historic meeting which may see Cuba declassified as a state sponsor of terrorism . The two leaders , who clasped hands yesterday at a brief meeting , are both attending the Summit of the Americas in Panama . The gesture of friendships is an outward symbol of Obama 's project to thaw diplomatic relations with Cuba , which have been frozen since the 1960s . The White House has set expectations for a ` substantive ' exchange between Castro , brother of revolutionary leader Fidel , and Obama today . Speculation is high that a result of the exchange could be the official removal of Cuba from the State Department 's list of state terror sponsors . That removal would also lift some economic sanctions on Cuba . Scroll down for video . Warmth : President Barack Obama and Cuban President Raul Castro shook hands on Friday at a summit in Panama , a symbolically charged gesture as the pair seek to restore ties between the Cold War foes . Until next time : The White House said the two men will have a more robust exchange on Saturday . Obama and Castro have met once before - at the 2013 funeral of Nelson Mandela in South Africa - but today could mark their first robust , in-person meeting . The President 's eventual aim is to restore full diplomatic relations and boost trade and travel between the two countries . Their rapprochement , first unveiled in a historic policy shift in December , is the central issue at the Summit of the Americas meeting in Panama . Obama said : ` As we move towards the process of normalization , we 'll have our differences , government to government , with Cuba on many issues . Just as we differ at times with other nations within the Americas , just as we differ with our closest allies . ' But the 53-year-old Obama , who was not even born when Fidel and Raul Castro swept to power in Cuba 's 1959 revolution , also said the United States is no longer interested in trying to impose its will on Latin America . ` The days in which our agenda in this hemisphere so often presumed that the United States could meddle with impunity , those days are past , ' he said . Apart from a couple of brief , informal encounters , the leaders of the United States and Cuba have not had any significant meetings since the Castro brothers toppled U.S.-backed dictator Fulgencio Batista and then steered their Caribbean country into a close alliance with the Soviet Union . Last time : Obama and Castro are pictured above shaking hands at the funeral of Nelson Mandela , held in Johannesburg , South Africa , in December 2013 . Out of the deep freeze : Obama and Castro are expected to meet again on Saturday and talk about their efforts to restore full diplomatic relations and boost trade and travel between the two countries . Gang 's all here : President Barack Obama -LRB- far right middle row -RRB- and Cuba 's President Raul Castro -LRB- far left middle row -RRB- attend the Summit of the Americas opening ceremony . Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos hailed Obama 's push to improve relations with Cuba , saying it was helping to heal a ` blister ' that was hurting the region . However , Cuban dissident Guillermo Farinas said civic groups in Cuba have been sidelined from talks and appealed to Obama to support their push for more democracy . ` The Cuban government is showing no goodwill ... They do n't want to make any kind of concessions , ' he said . Obama , who met with activists from across Latin America , including two Cuban dissidents , appears to be close to removing communist-run Cuba from a U.S. list of countries that it says sponsor terrorism . Its inclusion on the list brings a series of automatic U.S. sanctions and Cuba is insisting it be taken off as a condition of restoring diplomatic ties . Washington imposed trade sanctions on Cuba from 1960 and broke off diplomatic relations in 1961 , but the ensuing freeze did it no favors , said Ben Rhodes , Obama 's deputy national security adviser . ` Our Cuba policy , instead of isolating Cuba , was isolating the United States in our own backyard , ' he noted . The two countries have maintained contact through interests sections in Havana and Washington since 1977 , and in recent years they have increasingly cooperated on issues such as migration and drug trafficking . The State Department has now recommended that Cuba be taken off the terrorism list , a U.S. Senate Foreign Relations Committee aide said . Obama is expected to agree , although it is not clear whether he will announce it during the summit . Historic : President Barack Obama -LRB- right -RRB- waving among Raul Castro other Presidents before the opening ceremony of the VII Americas Summit . Obama has already used his executive authority to ease some trade and travel restrictions , and is seeking to encourage nascent small businesses in Cuba by allowing more exports there . But only Congress , controlled by Republicans , can remove the overall U.S. economic embargo on the island . The rapprochement by Obama has met some resistance in Washington and among some influential Cuban-Americans . Critics say Cuba should not be rewarded unless it changes its one-party political system . While Obama 's policy has been widely praised around Latin America , this was tempered last month when his administration imposed sanctions on Venezuela , Cuba 's closest ally and main benefactor . That controversy now hangs over the summit this weekend . Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro plans to present Obama with a petition signed by millions of people demanding that the sanctions be reversed . He is certain to receive support from Castro and other left-wing leaders in Latin America . ` It is no time for imperialism , threats , it is time for peace , co-operation , union , progress , prosperity , ' Maduro said on arrival in Panama .