A man who dresses as the Cookie Monster to greet visitors to New York 's Times Square was arrested for allegedly groping a teenager . Ranulfo Perez , 48 , was arrested by police after he allegedly groped the breasts of a 16-year-old girl who was outside a Toys R Us store as she was shown round with her tour group . However he was later released by the Manhattan District Attorney over concerns that the teenager lost sight of her attacker and could not be sure it was Perez . The incident is the latest involving people dressed up as costumed characters in Times Square , amid claims of sexual harassment and disorder . Scroll down for video . A man who dresses as the Cookie Monster and greets visitors to Times Square was arrested for allegedly groping a 16-year-old and then freed after police could not be sure it was him . Officials said the number of costumed characters in the area , like those pictured , are becoming an increasing problem in New York . The girl had claimed she was grabbed in a hug by a man dressed as the Cookie Monster who then touched her breasts . Perez was arrested at the scene , and charged with forcible touching in a manner injurious to a child less than 17 , as well as second degree harassment , gothamist reported . The incident took place at about 5.30 pm on Sunday . He was released on Tuesday morning as police confirmed they would not be prosecuting the case . The teenage girl , who was visiting from Winsconsin , told the New York Post : ` I am beyond upset about it . My level of anger right now is n't just about being molested . The fact that the Manhattan DA is 100 percent OK with it is utterly disgusting . ' Perez told the newspaper that officers , who arrested him on Monday , had got the wrong Cookie Monster . He said : ` I love people and I love children ... It could have been anyone else , but not me . ' In recent years there has been a rise in the number of people dressing up in costumes as characters from popular television shows in Times Square , leading to calls for them to be regulated and forced to apply for a licence costing $ 175 . In 2012 a man dressed as Elmo was arrested in Times Square following a loud verbal exchange . Rosa Sanchez , 36 , pictured here dressed as Elmo , was arrested for aggressive panhandling . Costumed characters are a regular appearance in Times Square , with a number demanding tips . The characters are becoming renowned for causing disturbances in their interaction with members of the public and a crackdown on the issue has been dubbed Operation Sesame Street . Police have recently been distributing flyers reminding people that they do not have to pay to pose with the characters , following a number of incidents . Almost 20 costumed characters were arrested last year for a catalogue of offences . A man who dresses as Elmo from Sesame Street has been arrested several times for disorderly conduct for making anti-semitic remarks to passersby . Last year Rosa Sanchez , 36 , from New Jersey , was taken into custody Tuesday for allegedly demanding tips in an aggressive manner from passersby while dressed as Elmo . More people are dressing up as the Cookie Monster -LRB- left -RRB- , Woody from Toy Story -LRB- centre -RRB- and Elmo -LRB- right -RRB- . Also in 2014 a man dressed as Toy Story hero Woody was arrested after he was accused of sexually assaulting a woman by grabbing her buttocks . Several other costumed panhandlers were also arrested - in July , a man dressed as Spider-Man was charged with punching a police officer who intervened in a tipping dispute with a tourist . Three more men dressed as Spider-Man , Iron Man and Elmo were arrested that same weekend and charged with disorderly conduct for obstructing pedestrian traffic . In 2013 a different man dressed as the Cookie Monster was held by police over claims he had shoved a toddler .