Eva Chapin , 34 , from West Linn , Oregon , was booked into jail after she left a string of offensive post-it notes on the door of the family home . A mother has been arrested for referring to her African-American neighbors as ` apes ' during a dispute over a parking space . Eva Chapin , 34 , from West Linn , Oregon , was booked into jail after she left a string of offensive post-it notes on the door of the family home . The qualified nurse referred to the residents , who are believed to have roots in Ghana , as ` n ***** ' but wrote : ` I am not racist ' . One of the notes , seen by KATU , read : ` Apes were never meant to drive so stop . ' Another said : ` I 've been here 22 years and no -LSB- expletive -RSB- and now you . U made me hate -LSB- expletive -RSB- now . ' ` I 'm not racist , ' one of the notes allegedly said , ` but I can see how someone can become -LSB- sic -RSB- hating -LSB- expletive -RSB- . You did this . There were no -LSB- expletive -RSB- in W.L. until u came . ' Another , which the victims were most disturbed by , said : ` U look like a monkey and you smell like 1 too -LSB- sic -RSB- . ' A woman who lives next door , who only wanted to be identified as Elizabeth , told the station she is struggling to explain the content of the messages to her teenage daughter . ` She came back from school supposed to be happy , ' she said . ` This is what she saw . ' ` My little daughter came from school to see this note , ' she added . ` I feel like I 'm not safe here . ' She has been living in the neighborhood for 11 years but now plans to move . Mark Cogan , a friend of Elizabeth , told KPTV : ` That anybody would feel entitled to address somebody else in the community with this abusive , disgusting , foul , inappropriate language , just makes me sick . ' Scroll down for video . One of the notes read : ` I 'm not racist , ` but I can see how someone can become -LSB- sic -RSB- hating -LSB- expletive -RSB- . You did this . There were no -LSB- expletive -RSB- in W.L. until u came . ' Another read : ` I 've been here 22 years and no -LSB- expletive -RSB- and now you . U made me hate -LSB- expletive -RSB- now . Chapin was arrested on Tuesday and charged with two counts of intimidation and harassment . She has since been released from jail as prosecutors review her case . She is due back in court on May 7 . Records show she is a licensed practical nurse and has a criminal past . In 2012 , she pleaded guilty to reckless driving and DUI after she slammed her car into a tree while her two preschool children were home alone . In 2010 , she wrote on her Facebook : ` The name of the book Obama is reading is The Post-American World , and it was written by a fellow Muslim . Chapin was arrested on Tuesday and charged with two counts of intimidation and harassment . In 2012 -LRB- mugshot right -RRB- she pleaded guilty to reckless driving and DUI after she slammed her car into a tree while her two preschool children were home alone .