The Scottish Professional Football League has performed a U-turn by switching Rangers ' final-day clash with Hearts back to Saturday , May 2 . The league found itself at the centre of a furious row on Wednesday after announcing it had moved Gers ' Tynecastle fixture with the Jambos to May 3 - 24 hours after their rivals for second place in the Scottish Championship , Hibernian , completed their campaign at Falkirk . The decision was made after TV broadcaster Sky decided to screen the match live but Hibs hit out at the change , claiming it would place the league 's sporting integrity at risk as they jostled with Rangers for the play-off slots . Rangers ' Marius Zaliukas -LRB- right -RRB- dribbles with the ball as Livingston 's Jordan White -LRB- left -RRB- gives chase . Zaliukas -LRB- left -RRB- jumps highest to score his side 's equalising goal during the 1-1 draw with Livingston . The three other clubs involved have all backed the Easter Road club 's stance - but the SPFL released a controversial statement on Wednesday night admitting it was puzzled by the fall-out . It said : ` It is not clear to us why this has caused so much surprise ' . But now it has been forced to backtrack after Sky gave the league the thumbs up to move the Rangers-Hearts clash at Tynecastle back to its original date . All other Championship fixtures will now be moved to 12.15 pm to match the kick-off in Gorgie . Confirming the move , a league spokesperson said : ` Following consultation between the SPFL , member clubs and broadcast partners regarding the final round of Championship fixtures over the weekend of May 2 and 3 , Sky Sports has now suggested an alternative schedule for its televised Championship match that weekend . ` As a result , we are pleased to confirm all five Championship matches that weekend will now kick-off simultaneously at 12.15 pm on Saturday , May 2 . The Hearts v Rangers match will be televised live on Sky Sports . ` The SPFL would like to thank Sky Sports for its flexibility and understanding and we 're sure all football fans will look forward to an exciting climax to the Championship season . ' Speaking before the switch , Scottish FA chief executive Stewart Regan admitted if he had been in charge , Rangers and Hibernian would have always kicked off at the same time . Easter Road chief executive Leeann Dempster feared the rescheduling would give the Ibrox side an advantage as they would know exactly what kind of result would be required to clinch the runners-up slot - saving them the bother of two extra games in the play-offs . Regan refused to directly criticise his SPFL counterpart Neil Doncaster for allowing the fixture change which has sparked the drama in the first place - but he did admit his personal preference would be to have all teams battling for vital play-off spots played at the same time . Rangers ' Kenny Miller -LRB- right -RRB- tussles for the ball with Livingston 's Declan Gallacher -LRB- left -RRB- during the 1-1 draw . The SFA boss - who made his comments at the launch of the Football Memories project at Hampden - said : ` Sporting integrity is fundamental to any competition and I think that has to be considered in the round -LSB- of fixtures -RSB- . ` The clubs have made their feelings known and I 'm sure Neil and his colleagues have listened to what their member clubs have said and come back with a pragmatic proposal . ` My preference in a play-off situation is having games finishing at the same time . ` It 's not for me to stand here and criticise how another body has dealt with things . The clubs themselves have made their feelings known to the league . I know Neil and his colleagues have taken that on board and will do what they can to satisfy the various parties . ' The row followed two days on intense negotiations with police and TV companies over the Premiership post-split fixtures and Regan added : ` Clearly the SPFL have come under pressure from a number of sources over the last 24/48 hours , ' he said . ` But I 'm sure Neil and his colleagues will be looking at the fall-out from the feedback they have received and trying to come up with a proposal . ` It 's not helpful when you have negative issues being constantly played out in the press . When you get to the climax to the season , there is a lot at stake . ` It 's never easy when you are trying to balance the needs of broadcasters , clubs , fans and sponsors but my view on this is that the fans come first and they have to be considered . I 'm sure Neil will listen and come back with an appropriate and pragmatic solution . ' Livingston 's Scott Pittman -LRB- left -RRB- challenges Rangers ' Dean Shiels -LRB- right -RRB- at the Energy Assets Arena .