Chris Ramsey has pledged his long-term future to QPR -- insisting he will remain at the club for as long as they want him . Ramsey was handed the manager 's job until the end of the season after stepping up from his youth development coaching role when Harry Redknapp resigned in February . Rangers ' Premier League status is hanging by the thread following Sunday 's last-gasp defeat by Chelsea at Loftus Road , but Ramsey insists he is more than happy to remain in W12 regardless of what division they are in next season , although he hopes to be made permanent boss . Chris Ramsey insists he 's happy at Queens Park Rangers and will stay at the club for as long as they want him . In an exclusive interview with Sportsmail the 52-year-old said : ` I 'm a QPR person now , whatever happens there 's a long-term project at the club which Les -LRB- Ferdinand -RRB- has put into place anyway . ` We 're going to try and build the academy in order to emulate one or two of the clubs who we can see have excelled in the Premier League with the right foundations in place . ` As long as the club want me I will remain here -- it 's as simple as that . I want to stay at QPR , I 'm really happy . The 52-year-old is a popular and respected man within the game , with aspirations of getting the full-time job . ` To be honest with you QPR have been quite loyal to me as when I first joined I got offered a few first-team jobs elsewhere and I did n't take them , but they allowed me to talk to these clubs and they could have easily told me to do one then but they did n't , so I feel like I owe them . ` So now I 'm going to stand by them and show them some loyalty . ' Speculation has been rife that Ramsey will link up with his former Tottenham colleague Tim Sherwood at Aston Villa this summer if he was n't handed the job on a permanent basis , but he says his mind is focused solely on QPR currently . Reports suggest that Ramsey could link up with friend Tim Sherwood -LRB- left -RRB- at Aston Villa in the summer . ` At the moment all I am thinking about is staying at QPR , ' admitted Ramsey . ` Regardless of whether we stay up or not I think I 've got a fighting chance of getting the job -LRB- on a permanent basis -RRB- . ` Obviously I think Les wants me to be the manager because he knows I can do the job , and I think Tony -LRB- Fernandes -RRB- would want me to be in charge , too . ' QPR owner Tony Fernandes is the man who will make the final decision as to who becomes the next manager . Speaking at the ` Sport On Board ' graduation event at Wembley on Wednesday night , a group designed to help improve diversity across the boardrooms in football , the former Tottenham coach spoke glowingly about Ferdinand -- who was appointed as the club 's director of football in the wake of Redknapp 's departure . The pair both graduated from the course last year , with Ramsey highlighting how pivotal a role it has played in Ferdinand 's career especially . He added : ` For Les especially this course has been fantastic . He 's always said this is the job he 's wanted and already I can see what a great job he is doing . Director of football Les Ferdinand -LRB- left -RRB- would like his friend Ramsey to get the job on a permanent basis . ` There is no doubt in my mind he will go on to become one of the best in that field , and he will turn this club round one way or another . ' Ramsey himself has aspirations of becoming a top manager one day , with the No 1 hotseat the thing he has his heart set on right now . ` I 'm at that stage in my life now where if a managerial position came up I 'd have to take it -- and hopefully that will be at QPR . ` These jobs are limited in the game and you may never have an opportunity to be a No 1 again . Star man Charlie Austin could be off in the summer - regardless of whether QPR stay in the Premier League . ` You know what in the end I might not be a good enough No 1 , but I think I will be . ` So then you go and give your utmost and without banging the drum too much be confident in your own ability , which I am . ` The main thing for anybody , unless you 're very famous , is to stay in the industry , though . I 'm blessed to have remained involved in the game for as long as I have been . '