His face has appeared in sandwiches , on tree stumps and even a dog 's ear . Now , on the eve of Easter , a shop assistant has spotted the image of Jesus Christ in a hot cross bun . Mother-of-two Lindsey Norman noticed the uncanny resemblance in a six pack of £ 1 buns she had purchased from her local Sainsbury 's in Peterborough , Cambridgeshire . Scroll down for video . Mother of two Lindsey Norman spotted the image of Jesus in the hot cross buns she bought from Sainsbury 's . She said : ` I saw them and thought `` that looks just like a figure of Jesus with a sign of the cross on his shoulder '' . ` It made me giggle to myself because it 's coming up to Easter . ' Ms Norman purchased the buns from the store and took them home for dinner that evening . She has since eaten all the buns in the packet . The shop assistant said it made me ` giggle ' when she saw the uncanny resemblance with Easter coming up . This is not the first time the Saviour has been spotted in a peculiar sighting . Last week a California couple were shocked by the ` miraculous ' appearance of Jesus on their pine dining table . Jaimie Beebe , 37 , and her boyfriend Gary Ousdahl , 37 , put the table on eBay with a $ 5,000 -LRB- £ 3,350 -RRB- price tag - but it has yet to receive any bids . In the same week , hundreds of believers flocked to a hillside in the San Francisco area of Putumayo , Colombia , when a landslide revealed the face of Jesus . Police had to be called in to control the crowds as Christians from across the country descended on the hill to witness the ` miracle ' . In January last year , stunned dog owner Rachel Evans , 25 , was bathing her mini Yorkshire terrier Dave in the bathroom sink when she spotted the image of Jesus in his ear . And in October , John Cranfield , 24 , who lives in Manchester , inserted a slice of wholemeal bread into the toaster and was baffled when it popped out with the face of Jesus Christ . Mr Cranfield , a Catholic , said he was sure it is a message from God , adding : ` As a strong Christian I believe that this was no mistake , I believe that God himself had sent it to me to prove that he exists and that I should not give up my faith . '