A mayoral candidate has bungee jumped from a bridge where his ancestor plummeted 160ft to his death for a drunken bet worth just a sixpence . Dave Roberts , who is in the running to become the mayor of Middlesbrough , followed in his great-great-uncle Daniel McAllister 's footsteps by leaping off the Transporter Bridge over the River Tees . However , instead of falling to his death like his relative did more than 100 years ago - Mr Roberts survived the jump which he carried out for a children 's charity . Dave Roberts , who hopes to become the mayor of Middlesbrough , has bungee jumped off the Transporter Bridge over the River Tees 100 years after his ancestor jumped to his death for a bet worth just a sixpence . Mr Roberts , a 50-year-old former TV and radio presenter , said ` Daniel , this one 's for you ' as he jumped off the bridge - in reference to his great-great-uncle Daniel McAllister who died after leaping off the bridge in 1913 . The 50-year-old former TV and radio presenter , from Marton , Middlesbrough , said : ` I thought it was going to be sheer terror , but I actually really enjoyed it . ` I had a good moment just before the jump . The guy was saying , I am going to count to three , and then you are going to jump . ` I said , I need to speak to my relative . I said : `` Daniel , this one 's for you . I am going to collect your winnings '' . ` I screamed like a child as I was going down , but thoroughly enjoyed it . ' Mr McAllister was challenged to jump off the bridge by a friend after drinking in a pub in Port Clarence in a bet worth a sixpence . He died on May 4 , 1913 at the age of 30 . Newspaper articles from 1913 about Mr McAllister 's death -LRB- pictured -RRB- tell how he ` dived to his death ' and drowned following an ` amazing act of bravado ' The cause of death was listed as : ` Shock and suffocation from drowning through jumping from the Transporter Bridge in a spirit of bravado whilst under the influence of drink . ' Father-of-two Mr Roberts , who grew up listening to stories about his ancestor , managed to track down Mr McAllister 's death certificate , which listed him as a general labourer of Washington Street in Middlesbrough . Mr Roberts , who was handed a sixpence and a beer after his jump this week , said : ` A century after Daniel was killed , and in a bid to exorcise the ghost of my ancestor , I decided I would have a go at the jump as well . ` But I wanted to do it as a charity event , and make sure I was safely attached to a bungee rope ! ` The Daniel McAllister story has been in the family for over a century . ` No one really believed it to be true as all attempts to link it to the 1913 bridge jump had failed due to searching the wrong line of the family tree . ` Then we found a 1899 marriage certificate of Daniel 's sister Emily , which opened a new route and this finally provided the link we needed . ' Mr Roberts , who lives with his wife Francesca , 45 , and children Kari , 14 , and Luke 12 , is running for mayor having moved back to England from a job in Singapore 18 months ago where he was vice president of business development for Fox TV . He said : ` This was all fun and games but I am a serious mayoral candidate for the town who has a great sense of humour and I 'll be making a lot of serious points in the run-up to the election as I am a Middlesbrough lad who cares deeply about his town . ` Normally town mayors get set for the high jump after their term in office , this one got out of the way before the hard work starts . ' He asked Teesside residents to stump up £ 2.50 - roughly what a sixpence would be worth today - to support him and raise money for the MFC Foundation which helps children in need . Mr McAllister 's death certificate -LRB- pictured -RRB- confirmed his death on May 4 , 1913 , when he was just 30-years-old . Mr Roberts asked for Teesside residents to stump up £ 2.50 - roughly what a sixpence would be worth today - to support him and raise money for the MFC Foundation which helps children in need following his jump .