The Queensland government has called a government decision to deport a single-mother and her son ` cold and heartless ' . Townsville nurse Maria Sevilla and her son , Tyrone , will be forced out of the country within 28 days , after Ms Sevilla 's appeal to the Immigration Department was unsuccessful . The single-mum initially had her visa application rejected because her son 's autism would be a ` burden on the Australian health system ' , according to the Immigration Department . Scroll down for video . Tyrone -LRB- pictured -RRB- and his mother Maria Sevilla have had their visa application rejected and are facing deportation back to the Philippines . After Ms Sevilla 's appeal was unsuccessful , her and her son will be deported within 28 days . Ms Sevilla said she did not want to be a burden , and was working in Australia in an effort to give her son the best possible ` future ' . Queensland Disabilities Minister Coralee O'Rourke called it a ` cold , heartless decision ' by the Federal Government . ` I call on them to reverse the decision , ' she said , according to the ABC . Ms Sevilla said she hoped Immigration Minister Peter Dutton would exercise his ministerial power and allow them to stay . ` It 's like , I 'm pleading for our life , for Tyrone 's future , ' she said . A spokeswoman for Minister Dutton said the Migration Review Tribunal had reviewed the case and affirmed the original decision . ` Most visas for Australia require applicants to meet the health requirements set out in Australian migration law , ' the spokeswoman said . ` The health requirements are an objective assessment to determine whether the care of an individual during their stay in Australia would likely result in significant costs on the Australian community . ` The visa was refused because the child did not meet the health requirement . ' Ms Sevilla , a single mum and nurse in the Queensland town of Townsville , has lived in Australia with her son since 2007 . She says it is the only place he knows , and he only knows English . Maria Sevilla has lived in Australia since 2007 , when she arrived in the Queensland town of Townsville - a single mother wanting to become a nurse , in the hope of finding a better life for herself and for her baby . Her son was diagnosed with autism at the age of two , six months after they arrived in Australia . Ms Sevilla told Daily Mail Australia the new life in Australia ` changed everything ' for her and her son , and she was able to fulfill her ` dream ' of working as a nurse . It was not possible for Ms Sevilla to work as a nurse in the Philippines , where she said university is only possible for ` well-off families ' . ` Coming here and becoming a nurse has given me assurance for our future and a sense of fulfilment , ' she said . Ms Sevilla also rejected claims her son will be a burden on the country . ` All of it could be taken away because the government thinks that children with autism are going to be more of a cost to Australian society than a benefit -- but that 's just not true , ' she said . Ms Sevilla has made a petition and is appealing the decision to send herself and her son back to the Philippines - a place where she has no family and no network of support . ` Everything is here for us . My work , our family , our home is here , Tyrone 's school . ' Ms Sevilla 's application for a Skilled-Region visa subclass 489 has been rejected by the Department of Immigration and Border Protection due to Tyrone 's autism . The rejection letter states that Tyrone ` has a severe autism spectrum disorder , a condition that is likely to be permanent in nature ' . It stated that he would likely need special education services , state disability services , Commonwealth disability services and residential care services . ` Tyrone would be likely to result in a significant cost to the Australian community in the areas of health care , ' the rejection letter said . A spokeswoman for then-Immigration Minister Scott Morrison released a statement about the initial rejection . ` The visa was refused because the child did not meet the health requirement , ' the spokeswoman said . ` The applicant was advised of her options for independent review of the decision . People can only seek ministerial intervention once a refusal decision has been upheld at merits review ' . Tyrone is a ` very cheeky , happy little boy ' who is thriving at his specialised school in Townsville . Before appealing the decision , Ms Sevilla said she had received heartwarming support from many Australians . ` I have received so many messages from mums of children with Autism ; it 's very prevalent in Australia , ' Ms Sevilla said . ` As a mother of a child with Autism , I know it is n't a disease you have to cure , but one you have to manage . ` Tyrone is a happy child with full of life attitude and can lighten the mood of a room with his presence . ` The idea that he ca n't contribute because of his condition is just wrong . People with autism can be excellent at a whole range of things ; he just needs to be given a chance . ' Ms Sevilla is sad , not angry , that the Immigration Department does not understand Autism , and says that her son deserves a chance . Due to Tyrone 's autism , even minor changes to their routines troubles him , meaning having their deportation would cause enormous issues for the little boy . ` Tyrone notices any change to his routine . Even if I drive him a different route to school , he 'll notice and react with a tantrum . But once you calm him down he 's fine . ` But if we 're asked to go back to the Philippines , we 'd have to start from scratch . Tyrone only knows English . He only knows life in Australia . ' Ms Sevilla lives with her brother and his wife , with her mother only fifteen minutes away - or as Ms Sevilla explains it ` just a phone call away ' . They are a crucial support for her and adored by Tyrone . Ms Sevilla says there is no support for them in Tyrone , compared to Australia , where her beloved mother , brother , sister-in-law , aunty , uncle and cousins live . Tyrone is very happy with them , and are a crucial support for Ms Sevilla , which includes caring for Tyrone when Ms Sevilla is on night shift . ` I have found a better life for my family in Australia with my close family . My mother , stepfather and Tyrone 's uncle and aunty are so important for Tyrone and I. ` They are a big help , as any single mum would understand . ' Ms Sevilla -LRB- pictured second from the left , in pink -RRB- and her son Tyrone -LRB- centre , in blue cap -RRB- say they have ` never felt lonely ' in Australia , despite their challenges , because of all the support they have been given . Ms Sevilla says that through all her challenges , Australia has been a safe , caring place for her and her son . ` I have a lot of support from the community . I have my family . I have never felt alone . ' To sign the petition to keep Maria Sevilla and her son Tyrone in Australia , click the link here .