Taxes on earnings went up by nearly £ 1,900 under 13 years of Labour , figures have revealed -- as George Osborne warned ` they 'll do it all again ' . The Chancellor said Labour had ` form ' on jacking up income tax and National Insurance and insisted Ed Balls and Ed Miliband would do the same if given the chance after May 7 . ` Ed Miliband and Ed Balls have done it all before -- and they would do it all over again , ' he said . Scroll down for video . Chancellor George Osborne -LRB- left -RRB- has warned that taxes will rise under Labour and said the party had ` form ' on rising taxes . He said : ` Ed Miliband and Ed Balls -LRB- right -RRB- have done it all before -- and they would do it all again ' Today , as he begins a tour of all four nations of the UK , David Cameron will say there is just one month to save Britain from the ` disaster ' of a Miliband government . Yesterday the Prime Minister stepped up his attack on tax by insisting Labour was planning to drag nearly one million more people into the 40p tax rate . And in a pointed attack on his coalition partners , he dismissed the Lib Dems as being among the ` minor parties ' making ` more and more strange claims ' . Mr Cameron said voters would pay a ` heavy price ' for a Labour government which would be ` looking in your payslip ' for tax . He also condemned Labour 's plans to abolish the married couples tax allowance , which came into effect yesterday . Speaking in Leeds , Ed Balls said the tax break -- worth £ 200 a year to couples who have tied the knot -- was ` perverse ' . Shadow Chancellor Mr Balls also repeated his claim -- denied outright by the Tories -- that they would raise VAT . He said a Tory government would mean ` millions paying more while millionaires pay less ' as he accused the party of planning to cut the top rate of income tax for those earning over £ 150,000 . Meanwhile a major spat erupted between the Tories and Lib Dems , as Danny Alexander was accused of inventing an extraordinary claim about a senior Tory . The Chief Secretary to the Treasury claimed that during negotiations for the 2012 Budget , a Tory minister told him : ` You take care of the workers and we 'll take care of the bosses ' . Today , as he begins a tour of all four nations of the UK , David Cameron -LRB- left -RRB- will say there is just one month to save Britain from the ` disaster ' of a Miliband -LRB- right -RRB- government , which would see voters ` pay a heavy price ' He refused to say who it was . Mr Alexander made the comments , in the Independent newspaper , as his party attempted to claw back credit for cutting the personal rate of income tax from the Tories . But Culture Secretary Sajid Javid told the BBC 's World at One the claim was ` complete rubbish ' . He added : ` The reason why he would n't actually tell you who he thinks said it is he knows that no one said it . ' Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg accused Mr Osborne of being a ` very dangerous man ' because of his cuts plans . Mr Cameron dismissed the remarks , saying : ` You are going to hear minor parties just making more and more strange claims to say `` look at me , look at what I 'm saying '' . ' Mr Osborne released figures , by the independent House of Commons Library , showing the extent of tax and National Insurance rises under Labour from 1997 to 2010 . Combined taxes on income went up by an average of £ 1,895 across all households , he said . They rose among every income group , with those earning £ 15,500 hit the hardest . He repeated his claim Labour is planning a £ 3,000 tax bombshell , saying : ` We 're publishing figures that show Labour 's got form on tax . ' Mr Cameron , who will visit England , Scotland , Wales and Northern Ireland in a single day today , will say there is ` one month to save our economy from the disaster of an Ed Miliband government ' .