Trailing Birmingham City by two goals , Bournemouth were down to fourth in the Championship at one stage in the afternoon but a thrilling four-goal turnaround moved them back to the top . ` That 's the madness of it , ' manager Eddie Howe said in the aftermath . ` I could n't believe in one game we dropped to fourth . It 's great for the neutral , but not so great for us . ' The south coast club had not conceded the first goal at Dean Court this campaign and have struggled to get anything from losing positions , but comebacks rarely come better than being two behind after 21 minutes . Charlie Daniels -LRB- right -RRB- fires home from the edge of the box to seal the win and make it 4-2 to Bournemouth . Yann Kermorgant slots home a penalty to cap a remarkable comeback and make it 3-2 to Bournemouth . BOURNEMOUTH -LRB- 4-4-2 -RRB- : Boruc ; Francis , Cook , Elphick , Daniels ; Ritchie , Surman , Arter , Fraser -LRB- Smith 56 -RRB- ; Kermorgant -LRB- Pitman 87 -RRB- , Wilson -LRB- Jones 88 -RRB- . Subs not used : Camp , Ward , Gosling , Stanislas . Goals : Cook 39 , Wilson 45 , Kermorgant 48 -LRB- pen -RRB- , Daniels 74 . Manager : Eddie Howe . Booked : Wilson , Francis , Smith . BIRMINGHAM -LRB- 4-2-3-1 -RRB- : Randolph ; Caddis , Morrison , Robinson , Grounds ; Davis , Tesche ; Cotterill , Shinnie -LRB- Thomas 75 -RRB- , Dyer -LRB- Gray 69 -RRB- ; Donaldson -LRB- Kiernan 79 -RRB- . Subs not used : Novak , Doyle , Zigic , Brown . Goals : Donaldson 18 , Cotterill 21 . Manager : Gary Rowett . Booked : Davis , Ground , . Sent off : Robinson -LRB- straight red -RRB- . Referee : Andy Woolmer . Stadium : The Goldsands Stadium . Attendance : 11,084 . Watford temporarily moved top by beating Middlesbrough , who started the day as leaders , in the lunch-time kick-off and Norwich then went above them with victory against Sheffield Wednesday . But Bournemouth have been this season 's pacesetters and clearly have no intention of stepping aside for the final sprint to the finish line . It did not feel like that , however , when the visitors stunned them with two goals in three minutes . A straightforward ball was played over the top from central midfield by Andrew Shinnie , on 18 minutes , and Clayton Donaldson burst through on goal . Bournemouth goalkeeper Artur Boruc started to come from his line then hesitated and before he knew it the striker had sent the ball over him and in . ` We want eight , ' the travelling Birmingham supporters chanted in jest , demanding vengeance for Bournemouth thrashing them 8-0 in the reverse of this fixture back in October . That scoreline became less fantastical when they added a second in the 21st minute . Birmingham winger David Cotterill made a strong run down the right and with a defender backing off he buried a strike across goal into the bottom left corner . ` That did n't feel too good , ' Howe admitted . ` I 'd be lying if I said nerves won ' t come into it , it 's only natural considering what 's at stake . ' But Bournemouth have not got around the automatic qualification places by buckling under pressure and they scored twice before the break . Callum Wilson rounds Birmingham keeper Darren Randolph to draw Bournemouth level . Wilson celebrates his 17th league goal of the season as Bournemouth fight back from two goals down . Steve Cook -LRB- centre -RRB- battles past a host of Birmingham defenders to score for Bournemouth and make it 2-1 . On 39 minutes , Matt Ritchie whipped in a corner from the right-hand side and Tommy Elphick and Steve Cook both leapt for it , the latter eventually bundling the ball over the line . Then in first-half stoppage time Yann Kermorgant played a delicate ball through Birmingham 's defence , perfectly weighted between defender and goalkeeper for Callum Wilson to round Darren Randolph and tap in . Only three minutes into the second half and they were in front . Wilson broke free down the right , carried the ball into the box and was scythed down by Birmingham defender Paul Robinson after a cheeky turn . Kermogant stoked in the penalty . ` I felt the officials were inconsistent , ' Birmingham manager Gary Rowett said . ` We had three clear onsides given off and Wilson was level when he won the penalty . Elphick tried to slap Rob Kiernan in a melee at the end and the referee was right next to it but gave nothing . ' If Birmingham 's two goals in three minutes were impressive , Bournemouth 's three in nine were even more devastating and they added to that in the 74th minute . Substitute Adam Smith first had a shot from the edge of the box blocked , which left Randolph on the floor , and the midfielder went for the opposite corner only for the keeper to dive back . But there was nothing Randolph could do when the ball came out to Charlie Daniels who struck a shot into the ground which looped in off the bar . The game was over in the 77th minute when Robinson was sent off for a foul last man . Referee Andy Woolmer handed out a straight red card , but it was hard to make out amongst the Birmingham red faces . David Cotterill celebrates making it 2-0 to Birmingham after just 21 minutes . Clayton Donaldson -LRB- centre -RRB- opens the scoring for Birmingham with a sublime lob over Artur Boruc . Paul Robinson was shown a red card for a challenge on Wilson after 78 minutes . Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe had plenty to smiles about as his side returned to the top of the table .