An excitable German Shepherd puppy learned that mothers do indeed know best when its guardian put it in its place with a paw . Videoed outside by its owner Tracy , the young German Shepherd named Kali bounces about the decking playfully . And is at a complete contrast to its adopted mother , who watches the puppy while relaxing on the floor . The young German Shepherd bounces about the decking playfully while its mother relaxes on the floor . Jumping onto its bed before rolling off and crashing into the back of its mother , the puppy drops its ball and chases after it . Its mother , after keeping a close eye on Kali , then gets up and follows the young dog over to the corner of the decking . After creeping up on Kali , the mother begins nudging the young dog with her nose . After keeping a close eye on Kali , the mother gets up and follows the young dog over to the corner of the decking . The mother begins nudging the young dog with her nose and obediently Kali makes a complete turn . Obediently , Kali makes a complete turn and skips off in the direction that she is being sent -- the older dog stands over her during the entire walk back . Once the young German Shepherd reaches the bed it makes a lunge for its toy bone , but immediately its mother lifts her paw and pushes it down . Kali then remains very still while lying on her side as her mother pushes her into place and appears to almost tuck her in . The older dog then moves back to where she was at the start of the video and sets about relaxing again . The young German Shepherd skips back to the bed while its adopted mother stands over it the entire way back . Once on the bed Kali makes a lunge for her toy bone but her mother lays her down with her paw . The video concludes with the young puppy immediately becoming unsettled and chewing on the corner of its toy bone while in its bed . According to the video maker the footage , which was shot in California , was taken shortly after Kali was adopted . She said that her German Shepherd naturally took on the role of surrogate mother and supervises the youngster during play and nap time .