Rangers ' teenage striker Ryan Hardie marked his first ever Light Blues start with a brace as Stuart McCall 's side clinched a 3-1 win over Dumbarton . The 18-year-old had made just four substitute appearances before facing the Sons at the Dumbarton Stadium , but his double put Rangers in command after they fell behind to Mark Wilson 's second-minute opener . The former Celtic full-back 's last goal was also against Rangers - he netted the Hoops ' winner in a controversial Scottish Cup quarter-final replay at Parkhead in March 2011 . Rangers ' teenage striker Ryan Hardie scored a brace on his full debut against Dumbarton on Saturday . Hardie 's brace comes as Rangers boss Stuart McCall fulfills his promise of fielding more academy players . A touchline bust-up between then Celtic boss Neil Lennon and Gers assistant Ally McCoist sparked a summit on sectarianism but there was no further drama this time as Haris Vuckic fired home a spectacular third and Rangers eased to victory . McCall promised his students from the Murray Park youth ranks they would be given their chance to impress when he took over last month . And he stayed good to his word as Hardie - who has notched more than 30 times for the club 's under-20s side - and winger Tom Walsh came in to replace Kenny Miller and Dean Shiels following Wednesday 's 1-1 slip-up at Livingston . But Nicky Clark 's horror miss after less than a minute was not the start the Ibrox boss was looking for , especially when Wilson showed the Gers striker how it should have been done 60 seconds later . Darren McGregor should have cleared Mark Gilhaney 's cross but got caught underneath the ball and could only head it straight to the ex-Hoops defender . The 30-year-old averages just a goal a season but showed no hesitancy as he flashed a left-footed strike past Cammy Bell to give the Sons a shock lead . Lee McCulloch thought he had the visitors level , only for home keeper Danny Rogers to produce a stunning reaction stop to keep out the skipper 's volley . But Hardie did find the net after 10 minutes as he capped his full debut with a dream goal . Sons defender Andy Graham could not live with the teenager 's pace as he latched on to Vuckic 's through ball and raced in on goal . Rogers got a hand to the youngster 's low shot but Hardie stayed alert and followed in to force the ball over the line before Stuart Findlay could block . Rogers did better with McGregor 's powerful strike , but Rangers suffered another scare when Dylan Easton danced past McCulloch before lashing just wide of Bell 's goal . Tom Walsh and Nicky Law fired over as McCall 's team looked for the lead , but there was no breakthrough by the interval . But they only had to wait three minutes into the second period for Hardie to strike again . Rangers playmarker Haris Vuckic -LRB- right -RRB- has become a fan-favourite during his loan spell from Newcastle . McGregor took a high ball and hooked it wide to Wallace , whose cross flew towards the youngster at an awkward height . But , with his back to goal , he sent the ball over his own shoulder with a flick of his toe and watched it bounce past Rogers ' dive into the bottom corner . Now in front , Rangers went for Dumbarton 's throat and got their reward as Vuckic collected Law 's short pass before whipping an unstoppable 25-yard shot into the top-left corner . The Sons , though , came up with a couple of reminders that they should not be discounted yet as Scott Taggert fired just over before on-loan Celtic defender Findlay leapt unmarked to head straight at Bell . Hardie , though , was looking to make his impressive start even more special and nearly grabbed himself a hat-trick as his attempted lob sailed just over Rogers ' crossbar . But he was denied his treble when McCall afforded the frontman a standing ovation as he was replaced by Calum Gallacher with five minutes left . Rangers were not satisfied yet , though , and nearly had a fourth when Law shook the bar from the edge of the box , while Clark was not far away with an ambitious 40-yard volley . Rangers ' Nicky Clark -LRB- right -RRB- tussles for the ball with Dumbarton 's Stuart Findlay -LRB- left -RRB- on Saturday .