By the time Bobby Zamora caressed the ball with sublime precision on the gallop to lob Boaz Myhill from the edge of his area , the impression was firm that even the highly improbable can happen . This was quite likely the finest goal of Zamora 's long career , a strike of rare quality that never looked on seconds before the ball was in the back of the net . Chris Ramsey will hope Queens Park Rangers ' season can follow a similarly implausible trajectory . Written off by many , this victory , only a second on the road all season , claws QPR closer to safety . Bobby Zamora -LRB- left -RRB- scored QPR 's third goal with an astounding lob from a narrow angle against West Brom at The Hawthorns . Charlie Austin -LRB- right -RRB- headed QPR 's second goal of the game for his team on the 35th minute . The QPR players went 2-0 up thanks to Austin and ended up going in 3-0 ahead at half-time . Eduardo Vargas -LRB- left -RRB- wheels away to celebrate firing QPR into the lead against West Brom with a 25-yard strike . West Bromwich Albion : Myhill 5 ; Baird 5 -LRB- Olsson 65 ' 4 -RRB- , McAuley 4 , Lescott 4 , Brunt 5 ; Gardner 5.5 -LRB- Mulumbu 72 ' 2 -RRB- , Morrison 5 , Fletcher 6.5 , Sessegnon 3 -LRB- Anichebe 46 ' 7 -RRB- ; Berahino 6 , Ideye 6 . Booked : Sessegnon , Brunt . Sent off : Mulumbu . Subs not used : Rose , Wisdom , Yacob , Pocognoli . Goals : Anichebe , 58 . Manager : Tony Pulis 6 . Queens Park Rangers : Green 6.5 ; Isla 6.5 , Onouha 6.5 , Caulker 6.5 , Yun 6.5 -LRB- Hill 82 ' -RRB- ; Phillips 7.5 , Sandro 7 , Barton 8 , Vargas 6.5 -LRB- Kranjcar 30 ' 6.5 -RRB- ; Zamora 7.5 -LRB- Henry 75 ' 5 -RRB- , Austin 7.5 . Booked : Caulker , Barton , Henry . Subs not used : McCarthy , Sutherland , Hoilett , Doughty . Manager : Chris Ramsey 8 . MoM : Barton . Referee : Lee Probert 7 . Att : 25,735 . Sportsmail 's Match Zone shows where Bobby Zamora struck QPR 's third goal . Joey Barton 's name was sung loud by travelling fans at the final whistle , in recognition of a fine display capped by a goal in added time to give this win an emphatic scoreline . He drove onto a lose ball in the West Bromwich Albion box and lashed home with the ferocity of someone determined not to go down with a whimper . Earlier , in the 84th minute , he received a forearm in the face from substitute Youssouf Mulumbu that saw referee Lee Probert produce a red card . Was Mulumbu 's act in retribution for Barton 's claims Albion players had ` s *** ' themselves when leading 2-0 at Loftus Road in December to lose 3-2 ? Only he will know . What is without question is that Ramsey 's team are fighting for their lives . Five successive defeats preceded this game , but three points paints fresh gloss on their survival hopes . For Tony Pulis , this was a bad day . His talks with chairman Jeremy Peace once safety is assured will have to wait . Victor Anichebe -LRB- left -RRB- headed in a consolation goal for West Brom in the 58th after coming off the bench . Joey Barton -LRB- centre -RRB- added a fourth for QPR in the final minutes of the game against West Brom . QPR captain Barton celebrates his goal , his team 's fourth , in the game against West Brom . Youssouff Mulumbu was shown a red card for clattering into Joey Barton , shortly before he scored for his side . Barton -LRB- left -RRB- lies on the ground holding his head after the foul that saw Mulumbu dismissed from the pitch . Albion had the first clear opening in the 14th minute . Darren Fletcher swung over a deep cross to find Brown Ideye , but the Nigeria striker directed his header above the bar . Moments later , the visitors were ahead in stunning fashion . A long ball by Robert Green was helped on by Zamora and nodded into the path of Vargas by Austin . The Chilean cut across two West Brom defenders and let fly a cracking shot the other direction , utterly defeating Myhill from 25 yards . ` How s *** must you be , we 're winning away , ' sang the travelling hoard . The hosts responded , with a cross by Chris Baird sent trickling wide by Ideye four yards out . Soon after Vargas went down clutching his knee with nobody near him . Baird continued play to the fury of Sandro , who rushed over once the ball had gone dead to remonstrate in rather close proximity to the Albion defender . Vargas tried to continue but hobbled off minutes later , bringing the introduction of Niko Kranjcar . The Croatian delivered a telling contribution in the 37th minute , flicking on a corner by Matt Phillips to find Austin unmarked at the far post . The QPR striker applied the finishing touch as expected to take his Premier League tally to 16 , his fourth against West Brom following a hat-trick in the fixture at Loftus Road . Two minutes before the interval , Zamora provided that moment to take the breath . Phillips played the ball to the forward but danger seemed distant by the corner of the area . Instead Zamora glanced a shot with the outside of his left boot to send the ball soaring high before dropping into the corner of the net . It was joyous . QPR had done enough . Green -LRB- left -RRB- makes a save as West Brom increased the pressure on QPR after scoring through Anichebe . Zamora -LRB- left -RRB- is mobbed by his team-mates after his astonishing strike put them 3-0 up at half time . Vargas -LRB- centre -RRB- celebrates with his QPR team-mates after opening the scoring in the 15th minute against West Brom . Sandro -LRB- right -RRB- makes a sliding challenge against West Brom striker Saido Berahino . Green -LRB- centre -RRB- makes a save for QPR as Berahino closes in on goal in the game at The Hawthorns . Pulis , no doubt furious with his team 's defending , introduced Victor Anichebe at half-time and his big frame had a sizeable effect . In the 55th minute presented a very appealing chance for Craig Gardner but only a tame shot followed . Three minutes later Anichebe had a goal for himself . Saido Berahino latched onto Chris Brunt 's long pass and dug out a cross that Anichebe reached ahead of Steven Caulker to steer into the far corner . Pulis replaced Chris Baird with Jonas Olsson and changed to a 3-4-3 formation , instigating an Albion surge . Robert Green punched clear a deflected shot by Ideye . Berahino ten scuffed an excellent chance from four yards and Ideye headed another over . Green , the QPR goalkeeper , celebrates his team 's opening goal from Vargas . Barton -LRB- centre -RRB- has his shirt pulled by Craig Gardner of West Brom in the Premier League game . West Brom captain Darren Fletcher -LRB- centre -RRB- contests a header with QPR 's Sandro . Anichebe 's attacking threat is stifled by Yook Suk-Young -LRB- left -RRB- and Barton -LRB- right -RRB- of QPR . Niko kranjcar -LRB- left -RRB- of QPR and James Morrison -LRB- right -RRB- of West Brom battle for the ball in the Premier League encounter . Brown Ideye -LRB- left -RRB- challenges for the ball against Barton -LRB- lower -RRB- Steven Caulker of Queens Park Rangers . The victory is only the second for Queens Park Rangers manager Chris Ramsey but boosts their survival hope .