One of Australia 's most successful and wealthy business leaders has sold his sprawling mansion for a whopping $ 5.5 million . Flight Centre founder and BRW rich list alumni Geoff Harris put the Port Melbourne home up for auction after splashing out $ 12 million on his Albert Park dream home in May last year . Mr Harris , who definitely knows how to strike a favourable deal , accepted the hefty offer for his four-bedroom home from a couple at auction on Saturday . Flight Centre founder and BRW rich list alumni Geoff Harris put the Port Melbourne home up for auction after splashing out $ 12 million for an Albert Park dream home in May last year . The buyers knocked out any other bidders with their fist bid and went on to seal the deal with their generous offer . 63-year-old self-made millionaire Harris , who is reportedly worth $ 975 million , stepped back from the Flight Centre business in 1998 and directorship in 2008 , however he is still one of their biggest shareholders . In 2003 , Harris , along with a number of other investors , rescued Top Deck Travel in the UK from receivership . Mr Harris , who definitely knows how to strike a favourable deal , accepted the hefty offer for his four-bedroom home from a couple at auction on Saturday . The buyers knocked out any other bidders with their fist bid and went on to seal the deal with their generous offer . He is now one of the co-directors of the hugely popular tour group . Mr Harris is also an investor in Boost Juice bars around Australia and is the former vice-president of AFL club Hawthorn . While he is n't focusing on his business acquisitions , the divorced father of three is working with disadvantaged youth-focused charities and is believed to have donated $ 450,000 to STREAT , an organisation that helps kids change their lives . The four-bedroom house has ample parking with six spaces for those who have a passion for cars . The home features two living spaces - a family room and a more sophisticated space . The kitchen features a massive island , top-end appliances and sleek cupboards . Mr Harris bought the Melbourne home from Mirvac in 2006 for $ 3.75 million , according to Domain . Situated right on the sandy shores of First Point Beach , the luxurious house is in one of Melbourne 's most exclusive residences . The four-bedroom house has ample parking with six spaces for those who have a passion for cars . Situated right on the sandy shores of First Point Beach , the luxurious house is in one of Melbourne 's most exclusive residences . There is plenty of space for entertaining in the house , with two living areas . A wealthy Australian business man has sold his Melbourne home for a whopping $ 5.5 million . Located just six houses down from the beach , the breathtaking pad has stunning beach vistas and is surrounded by water . A lap pool located at the back of the property overlooks the golden sands and a large outdoor area is the perfect space for entertaining . Inside , the house is filled with light and is well proportioned with spacious bedrooms , an impressive master suite and a large balcony overlooking First Point Beach . Located just six houses down from the beach , the breathtaking pad has stunning beach vistas and is surrounded by water . Inside the house is filled with light and is well proportioned with spacious bedrooms , an impressive master suite and a large balcony overlooking First Point Beach . For those who like to wake up to a nice view , each bedroom overlooks the beach . For those who like to wake up to a nice view , each bedroom overlooks the beach . The dining area features ceiling to floor doors which can be opened out onto the sprawling vista . Decorated in a modern and chic way , the house is any beach lover 's dream , with steps down from the dining room into the bright living room and an informal living zone . Decorated in a modern and chic way , the house is any beach lover 's dream , with steps down from the dining room into the bright living room and an informal living zone . The huge bedrooms are decoration with a modern twist and feature massive windows . The living area features ceiling to floor doors which can be opened out onto the sprawling vista . The kitchen features a massive island , top-end appliances and sleek cupboards . Mr Harris ' new $ 12 million home , which was built in 1873 , has been restored with a modern twist .