German police are investigating whether a woman sickeningly claimed to be related to a victim of last month 's Germanwings air disaster - so she could get free flights to southern France . The airline 's parent company Lufthansa organised special flights for victims ' families after the March 24 crash in the French Alps which killed all 150 people on board . The Halterner Zeitung newspaper - based in the town that lost 16 students and two teachers - said she flew to the region twice after falsely claiming to be one of the deceased teacher 's cousins . Police are investigating the possible fraud and the alleged culprit will be questioned , a police spokesman in Hoexter has said . Scroll down for video . Fraud : Police in Germany are investigating whether a woman lied about being related to a victim of the doomed Germanwings flight -LRB- pictured -RRB- to get free flights to southern France . Cruel : As Lufthansa Chief Executive Carsten Spohr -LRB- left -RRB- and Germanwings Managing Director Thomas Winkelmann -LRB- right -RRB- mourn , a German woman has been accused of using the disaster for her own gain . Liar : The woman allegedly tried to pass herself of as a deceased teacher on the flight , meanwhile passengers have laid flowers for the victims of the plane crash at the airport in Dusseldorf -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Killer ? Andreas Lubitz may have spiked his Captain 's coffee so he would be left alone on the aircraft 's flight deck , investigators have now said . Memorial : The first picture of the doomed crew of the Germanwings plane at Germanwings HQ in Cologne has been revealed . And Lufthansa says it is looking into what appears to be a ` regrettable isolated case ' but did not give further details . The Airbus A320 went down in a remote region of the French Alps en route to Dusseldorf from Barcelona . Recordings from the flight data recorder suggest co-pilot Andreas Lubitz locked the captain out of the cockpit before ` deliberately ' crashing the jet . Crash investigators are now examining a computer belonging to Lubitz to determine whether he ` spiked ' his captain 's drink to force him into the toilet . The 27-year-old changed the aircraft 's altitude to just 100 feet using the autopilot - sending it on collision course with the Alps . German prosecutors believe that Lubitz may have added a chemical to Captain Patrick Sodenheimer 's coffee to remove him from the flight deck . Once Captain Sodenheimer closed the cockpit door , Lubitz enabled special security features preventing the reinforced door from reopening . The safety systems were introduced following the 9/11 attacks although the designers did not consider a rogue pilot seeking to kill himself while taking his passengers and fellow crew with him . Destruction : Lubitz remained silent during the final eight minutes of the flight as it crashed into the Alps . Probe : Investigators have been scouring Lubitz 's computers to determine his state of mind before the tragedy . Already it has emerged that Lubitz used his computer to research methods of killing himself as well as information concerning the cockpit door locking mechanism . It is understood that European safety chiefs had concerns about Germanwings ' safety procedures in the weeks before the crash . In November 2014 , the European Commission contacted several airlines and ` had asked for clarification to make sure all airlines actively observe rules ' . Following the crash , it emerged that Lubtiz suffered from crippling depression although Lufthansa , who own Germanwings , did not pass on this information to aviation regulators . Doomed : The Germanwings Airbus A320 crashed into a remote region of the French Alps en route to Dusseldorf from Barcelona . Investigators believe that Lubitz , 27 , informed its flight school when he returned from a several-month break in pilot training in 2009 that he had experienced an episode of ` severe depression ' . Lufthansa has said he subsequently passed all medical tests . The EU has detailed air safety regulations , which included rules on a pilot 's mental health , that member states need to take into account . EASA regularly tests whether the 28 EU nations adhere to those standards . ` This is a normal and regular occurrence , ' said the official .