A Texas father is accused of shooting dead his 22-year-old son for coming to the defense of his mother during a heated domestic argument . Harris County Sheriff 's officials say Ulysses Beaudoin , 39 , gunned down Ulysses Nelson Tuesday night after showing up at the family 's home in Katy with his mistress in tow . Deputies say the deadly confrontation took place at around 9amm at 6622 Gordon Drive in the Bear Creek Meadows subdivision . Scroll down for video . Filicide : Ulysses Beaudoin -LRB- left -RRB- , 39 , of Texas , is accusing of killing his 22-year-old son and namesake , Ulysses Nelson -LRB- right -RRB- , when the young man tried to intercede on behalf of his mother during a domestic argument . Crime scene : The deadly incident took place inside the family 's home in Katy , texas , Tuesday night when Ulysses Beaudoin arrived with his girlfriend in tow . Beaudoin had pulled up to the house in his Ford SUV and went inside . His girlfriend , who has not been named , remained in her own car around the corner . Moments later , Beaudoin got into a fight with his wife of 18 years , Christina Nelson , in the master bedroom , reported Click2Houston . When the couple 's 22-year-old son tried to intervene , deputies say the father pulled out a 9 mm handgun and shot him twice in the back . The armed man then allegedly threatened his 18-year-old son , sending the teen fleeing for his life . The boy ran to a neighbor for help , crying hysterically and begging her to call 911 and then check up on his older brother , who had been shot . Nelson was pronounced dead at the scene from his wounds . Protector : Deputies say Beaudoin and his wife of 18 years , Christina Nelson -LRB- right -RRB- , got into an argument in the bedroom , prompting their son -LRB- left -RRB- to step in . In cold blood : Beaudion allegedly pulled a 99m handgun on his 22-year-old son and shot him twice in the back . Pursuit : The 39-year-old suspect jumped into his girlfriend 's car and fled , but police tracked him down at a nearby Shell gas station . Crocodile tears : The 39-year-old suspect was seen weeping and muttering , ` My baby , ' as he was being handcuffed . An infant was also present in the house at the time of the shooting but escaped unharmed , according to ABC13 . According to investigators , the gunman then jumped in his girlfriend 's Dodge Charger and the two fled the scene , but responding officers tracked them down and arrested Beaudoin at a Shell station near the house . The 39-year-old suspect was seen weeping as he was being handcuffed , reported the news site Covering Katy . At one point , he cried out , ` My baby , ' presumably referring to his dead son . Ulysses Beaudoin is now facing a murder charge in Nelson 's slaying .