Pensioners aged over 75 will be guaranteed same-day appointments with their GP , as part of Tory plans for a huge cash injection for the NHS . David Cameron will announce the move today as he pledges to commit £ 8billion to fund the health service . This is the figure named by NHS boss Simon Stevens as the amount needed to help plug a £ 30billion hole in the health service 's accounts over the next five years . David Cameron will announce the move today as he pledges to commit £ 8billion to fund the health service . Prime Minister said last night he was ` utterly committed ' to health service . The move is designed to demolish cynical Labour claims that the Tories would ` cut the NHS to the bone ' and will mean ` at least ' an extra £ 8billion a year for the NHS by 2020 . The Prime Minister said last night he was ` utterly committed ' to the health service . However , the promise that all over-75s will get a guaranteed same-day GP appointment will raise eyebrows among critics who say GPs are already struggling to cope . Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt last year announced a plan to ` train and retain ' an extra 5,000 GPs , which Tory sources said last night would allow them to deliver the same-day pledge . The Royal College of GPs welcomed the move as a ` good start ' , but warned that , on current trends , an extra 8,000 GPs would be needed by 2020 just to stand still . Mr Hunt said : ` The NHS has set out its vision for how we best improve the health service for patients , and today we are backing that plan with the money it needs . But we can only have a strong NHS if we have a strong economy . ` We need to do much more to ensure our vulnerable elderly can be treated in the community . That is why we are building on our decision to bring back named GPs for the over-75s by ensuring that , as part of this , they are guaranteed a same-day GP service when they need it . Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt last year announced a plan to ` train and retain ' an extra 5,000 GPs . ` This means family doctors can focus on giving elderly people the care they need , and prevent unnecessary trips to hospital . ' The guarantee will build on the new ` proactive care programme ' , which requires GPs to offer a priority service to their most vulnerable 2 per cent of patients . The decision to back the ` Stevens plan ' is designed to neutralise Labour attacks on the issue . Mr Cameron said the commitment to find the money would be included in next week 's Conservative Party manifesto . Referring to the care given to his late son Ivan , the Prime Minister said : ` As someone who has been supported by the NHS at the most difficult time in my life , I 'm utterly committed to ensuring it is there for everyone when they need it too . ` That 's why I 'm backing the NHS 's own plan with the cash required to ensure it can continue to deliver an amazing service to patients and their families in the future . ' The Tory move will pile pressure on Labour to put its money where its mouth is on the NHS . This week , Labour health spokesman Andy Burnham said he could not commit to Mr Stevens 's five-year plan , adding : ` I 'm not in the business of making false promises or giving cheques to the NHS that will bounce a few days after the election . ' Tory sources last night insisted the money could be found through efficiency savings and the proceeds of economic growth . They pointed to official figures showing that NHS spending has increased by £ 7billion in real terms since 2010 , despite the austerity programme . A source said : ` We have delivered a £ 7billion increase even when the economy was really struggling from Labour 's recession in the first few years . Now we have got years of economic growth forecast , so it is do-able and we will do it . '