This is the moment two grinning conmen were caught on camera stealing an 80-year-old 's savings from a cash machine after tricking him into handing over his bank cards and PIN . The smiling fraudsters were unaware they had been caught by a pin-hole camera in the ATM as they withdrew the pensioner 's cash on March 17 . The crooked pair had earlier posed as bank staff on the phone and convinced their vulnerable victim his debit cards needed to be recalled for security reasons . Con : Two grinning conmen were caught on camera as they stole an 80-year-old man 's savings after tricking him into giving them his debit cards and PINs . Despicable : The smiling fraudsters were unaware they had been caught on a pin-hole camera in the ATM as they withdrew the pensioner 's cash . Scam : The pair had earlier posed as bank staff on the phone and convinced their vulnerable victim his debit cards needed to be recalled for security reasons . They talked the man into divulging his security details and persuaded him to leave the cards in an envelope on the doorstep of his home in the village of Walsgrave-on-Sowe , Warwickshire , for ` couriers ' to collect . But less than two hours later , the cruel conmen were filmed using the same cards , laughing and joking as they stole £ 150 from a cash machine in Coventry . West Midlands Police released the footage in a bid to identify the pair and bring them to justice . Investigating officer PC Stuart Watson said : ` These are cruel men who 've targeted an elderly man and panicked him with scare stories of a security recall of bank cards . The man has fallen for their lies and they 've helped themselves to his account . ` However , they did n't bank on the ATM being fitted with a hidden camera and we 've managed to secure clear footage of the thieves . ` If anyone recognises them , or believes they 've seen them , I 'd ask them to contact me . ` These are men who thought nothing of conning a vulnerable old man and stealing from him . They do n't deserve protecting so I 'd ask anyone with information to get in touch by phoning 101 . ' Do you know these men ? West Midlands Police released the footage in a bid to identify the pair and bring them to justice . The fraudsters talked their victim into divulging his PINs and persuaded him to leave the cards in an envelope on the doorstep . The cruel conmen were filmed using the man 's cards , laughing and joking as they stole £ 150 from a cash machine in Coventry . The suspects are described as being of Asian appearance and are believed to be in their late 20s or early 30s . The suspects are described as being of Asian appearance and are believed to be in their late 20s or early 30s . One had a full , close-cut beard and was wearing a dark blue duffle coat . The other is wearing dark grey hooded jumper . Sergeant Rod Rose , from the force 's Economic Crime Unit , added : ` Some people fall for the scam because they believe the bogus story has been verified by a follow-up call to their bank - but because the scammers do n't hang up the victim is unwittingly still speaking to them and not a bank official . ` Our message is simple : Police officers or genuine bank officials would never ask you to divulge PIN numbers over the phone or send couriers round to collect cards or cash . ` If you receive a call requesting this then hang up and contact police . ' Anyone with information is asked to call West Midlands Police on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111 .