Christy Turlington Burns may be about to run her fourth marathon in as many years , but the former supermodel insists that childbirth was by far her toughest challenge yet . The former supermodel , who 's gearing up for the London marathon on 26 April , told Red Magazine that giving birth has been her toughest physical challenge . And Christy , who suffered a potentially life-threatening complication shortly after the delivery of her daughter Grace , now 11 , said today she 's feeling ` stronger and healthier ' than ever . Scroll down for video . Fitness fanatic : Christy Turlington , pictured last month training for the upcoming London Marathon , says that after experiencing a tricky childbirth , ` anything ' seemed possible , including three marathons to date . Christy - who is mother to daughter Grace and son Finn , eight , with her husband of 11 years Edward Burns , 47 - had just given birth to Grace in 2003 when she was struck with a post-partum haemorrhage , causing her placenta to become embedded in her uterus wall . She suffered massive blood loss and was forced to undergo a painful procedure whereby the doctors manually tore her placenta free without pain relief - an experience that could easily have killed her had she not been in such good hands . ` I actually feel stronger and healthier than ever , ' she says . ` Giving birth was probably the most empowering thing I 've ever done physically . I was like , now I can do anything . I can run a marathon ... I can run three marathons ! ' Her experience inspired her to launch Every Mother Counts in 2010 . ` I guess my own experience of childbirth was the epiphany , ' she says of her decision to launch Every Mother Counts in 2010 , an organisation dedicated to making pregnancy and childbirth safe for mothers around the world . Getting better with age : The 46-year-old mother-of-two , pictured in 2013 with her kids Finn , eight , and Grace , 11 , insists she 's feeling ` stronger and healthier ' than ever . Good cause : Christy , pictured training her first marathon in 2011 , launched Every Mother Counts in 2010 , an organization dedicated to making pregnancy and childbirth safe for mothers around the world . Dedicated : According to the brunette stunner , 98 per cent of pregnancy-related deaths in the developing world are preventable - a statistic she 's determined to change . She said : ` What I realised was actually how lucky I had been that so many women do n't even get to choose when they become pregnant . ' ` They do n't get to choose whether they will be medicated , or have a natural birth . This is just how it is , and it 's not an ideal way to bring life into the world , I do n't think . ' According to the brunette stunner , 98 per cent of pregnancy-related deaths in the developing world are preventable . But , as she points out , the U.S. is one of the eight countries worldwide where maternal deaths are on the rise . Christy , who became famous alongside Cindy Crawford , Naomi Campbell and Linda Evangelista in the era of the supermodels , now runs marathons in aid of Every Mother Counts . She said she is determined to strengthen the ` sisterhood ' between mothers around the world , wherever the happen to be . Last month , the former face of Calvin Klein was unveiled as the celebrity face of Apple Watch . She appeared in a promotional video to promote the gadget 's fitness software , in which she is shown training for a half marathon in Africa , in order to highlight Apple 's partnership with Every Mother Counts . Trauma : Christy , pictured with her husband Edward Burns , 47 , had just given birth to Grace in 2010 when she was struck with a postpartum haemorrhage , causing her placenta to become embedded in her uterus wall .