When a One Direction fan got the chance to wash Niall Horan 's clothes , she wanted to make the most of the opportunity to get up close and personal to the star . Ashleigh Sokie was asked to wash the singer 's shirt and underwear while he was staying in Augusta in Georgia for the US Masters , and then decided to try them on for size herself . The 20-year-old then took a photograph of herself in the star 's polo shirt and posted it on Twitter . She also claimed to have taken his underwear as a trophy . Scroll down for video . Ashleigh Sokie was asked to wash One Direction 's Niall Horan 's clothes and responded by trying on his polo shirt and posting a picture of herself wearing it -LRB- left -RRB- , next to a photo of the star wearing the same item -LRB- right -RRB- . The picture prompted a storm on Twitter as fans criticised Miss Sokie , while others voiced their envy at her closeness to the singer . Niall , an avid golf fan , has been in Georgia this week for the US Masters where he acted as a caddy for Rory McIlroy . Miss Sokie was asked to wash Niall 's clothes after the washing machine at the house he was renting in Georgia broke . After washing the clothes she then promptly posted a picture on Twitter of his boxer shorts and Chelsea training kit , as well as a snap of herself wearing his top . Miss Sokie posted about the clothes on Twitter and claimed to have taken Niall 's underwear for herself . Miss Sokie also claimed to have tried on some clothes belonging to Niall 's bodyguard , Mark Jarvis . Along with the picture of herself wearing Niall 's top , she also posted a picture of the star to prove they were wearing the same item . She wrote on Twitter : ` My boss let me wash/wear Niall 's clothes because his washer broke last night at his rental house in Augusta . ` I got to fold his underwear and a few of Mark 's shirts also . ' The fan posted a picture of Niall 's clothes , which included his Calvin Klein boxer shorts , on Twitter . Some branded Miss Sokie ` creepy ' and ` disrespectful ' for trying on the star 's clothes , while others revealed a mix of anger and envy . Samantha posted : ` who 's this girl wearing niall 's clothes ? turn on your location I wan na fight . ' ` I 'm absolutely horrified by the blatant violation of privacy by Ashleigh Sokie . Completely disgusting & I hope something is done about this ! ' wrote Stephanie . But others showed admiration for the fan . Rubini Torres added : ` Everyone 's saying what Ashleigh Sokie did was unprofessional and disrespectful . Well I 'd do the same given the chance . ' Pinpin wrote : ` Omg ! life goal . ' Miss Sokie was forced to take down her Twitter account after being besieged by One Direction fans . She also wrote on Instagram that she planned to keep his underwear . Horan has been in Georgia this week for the US Masters , caddying for World No 1 Rory McIroy -LRB- right -RRB- . Horan suffered an embarrassing fall -LRB- left -RRB- while caddying and also got the chance to play the game -LRB- right -RRB- . Niall has been seen playing golf and acting as a caddy for his friend and world number one golf player Rory McIlroy . In one embarrassing incident NIall was seen falling while carrying McIlroy 's clubs on the course . He has also confirmed that in exchange for being his caddy , McIlroy has agreed to perform on stage with the boyband in Boston in September . McIlroy is set to compete at the Deutsche Bank Championship which occurs a few days after One Direction play Gillette Stadium in Massachusetts on September 12 - and Horan revealed that the pair will reunite on stage .