Chris Ramsey believes three wins from the last five games will be enough to secure Queens Park Rangers ' top flight status . Rangers are in the drop zone of the Barclays Premier League with 28 points as they prepare for a London derby at home to West Ham . ` If you win three games you 're probably going to stay up , ' said Ramsey . ` As long as we 're above the line come the end of May we 'll be happy . I just care if we win . I just take care of our own game . If we do n't get good results it does n't matter what they do . Queens Park Rangers boss Chris Ramsey believes his side will stay in the Premier League with three wins . Clint Hill reacts after QPR conceded a late goal against Chelsea to lose 1-0 at Loftus Road . Ramsey spoke of his dismay at the nature of the late defeat by Chelsea in their last game . ` We know the enormity of the task ahead but you can only plan and prepare as best you can and what happens happens . We understand there is pressure in these last few games . I ca n't say I do n't feel pressure but it depends on how you deal with it . ' He believes QPR 's chances of achieving these victories from games against West Ham , Liverpool , Manchester City , Newcastle and Leicester will hinge on their an ability to kick the habit of conceding late goals , like the one which turned a draw into defeat on their last outing against Chelsea . ` It is down to a lack of continued concentration , ' said Ramsey . ` The managers of other teams near the bottom would say the same . ` Not many teams are getting slaughtered but the quality at the top end is why they 're there . We 're not happy with late goals . We need to stop conceding those late goals . Ramsey 's side face West Ham , Liverpool , Manchester City , Newcastle and Leicester to close the season . Ramsey -LRB- right -RRB- wants QPR to improve their defensive concentration in order to stay in the Premier League . ` We were quite frustrated at the end of the last game as we played well but did n't get a positive result . We had good form and momentum and we 'd have liked to have played straight away . ` I did n't get over it quickly . We had a game-plan and we did n't do it until the end . It was more for the players who ran their legs off . When you 're dealing with the players and coaches of the class of Chelsea you have to be on it and we were n't . '