Earlier this week Barcelona striker Luis Suarez admitted he was nervous at the prospect of playing alongside Neymar when he joined the club . And if antics in training are anything to go by the former Liverpool striker has every right to be a little worried . A video captured during one of Barcelona 's practice sessions shows Brazilian ace Neymar kneeing the Uruguayan forward where it hurts as the duo joked around in training . Brazilian ace Neymar aims a knee at the groin area of fellow South American striker Luis Suarez . Suarez reacts too late as Neymar puts his knee in where it hurts during a Barcelona training session . Neymar shows no remorse as he walks away from a stricken Suarez following his painful episode . Suarez slumps down as the pain from Neymar 's knee reaches him during a Barcelona training session . Suarez sees the funny side as he quickly forgives his South American team-mate during a training session . Luis Enrique will be hoping the embarrassing pain wears off before the Catalans line up against Paris Saint-Germain at the Nou Camp on Tuesday night . Suarez has scored 19 goals in all competitions but most importantly he has found the net in key games . But , despite scoring 31 goals for Liverpool in the Premier League last season , Suarez admitted the prospect of proving himself in Barca 's vaunted attack was intimidating . ` When I arrived I was timid with Messi and Neymar but they just said to me to play as I had done at Liverpool . ` Now I feel fine off and on the pitch and we have a good time together , ' Suarez told a news conference on Monday . ` I always have gone out to try and do well and I did n't listen when it was said that I was the best in the world or the worst . Suarez -LRB- centre -RRB- has scored 19 goals in all competitions for Barcelona since joining the club this season . Suarez -LRB- left -RRB- scores his second goal of the night as Barcelona go 3-0 against PSG on April 15 . Suarez -LRB- second left -RRB- admits he was nervous at playing alongside Lionel Messi and Neymar at Barcelona . ` I am very self-critical and I carry myself the same , ' Suarez said . ` When things were not going well for me I was grateful for the support of people close to me . The players always were behind me and so was the coach . ` At the moment I feel that I am helping the team with goals and assists but as long as the team is doing well then I am happy as well . ` It is not important who scores as long as the team progresses . '