Police are searching for a man charged with killing his wife at the Dunkin' Donuts in Maryland where they both worked . Patrons called police Sunday night shortly after discovering no workers at the Dunkin' Donuts on Arundel Mills Boulevard in Hanover . According to Anne Arundel County Police , an officer checked the business and found a severely injured woman in the kitchen area . The woman , 21-year-old Palak Bhadreskumar Patel of Hanover , died at the scene , police said in a news release . Scroll down for video . Wanted : Police have said that 24-year-old Bhadreshkumar Chetanbhai Patel , hit his wife Palak Bhadreskumar Patel multiple times with an object and then fled . Anne Arundel County police said an officer responded around 10:51 pm . ` The female employee of Dunkin Donuts was the victim of an apparent homicide , ' the release said . Police said the investigation revealed that Patel 's husband , 24-year-old Bhadreshkumar Chetanbhai Patel , hit her multiple times with an object and then fled . ` This is not a random crime as the victim and suspect were known to each other , ' authorities said in the news release . They said that Patel has been charged with first-degree murder , second-degree murder , first-degree assault , second-degree assault , as well as dangerous weapon with intent to injure . According to authorities , Patel is considered to be dangerous . One of the store 's frequent customers , Idrisa Wurie , told the Capital Gazette ` Oh my goodness . I am shocked because they are very nice people . ' A police spokesperson told the Gazette police dealt with the couple in the past year regarding a domestic incident . In a statement , Dunkin' Donuts said ` We are aware of the tragic incident that occurred at the Dunkin' Donuts / Baskin-Robbins combination restaurant on Arundel Mills Boulevard in Hanover , Maryland . ` All of us at Dunkin' Brands are saddened to learn of the death of crew member Palak Bhadreskumar Patel , and our thoughts go out to her family and friends . ` The franchise owner is cooperating fully with the local authorities in their investigation . As this is a pending police matter , it is inappropriate for us to comment further . ' Police have said tips can be called into to 410-222-474 and anonymously at 410-222-4700 . Incident : The couple both worked at this Hanover Dunkin' Donuts store .