Los Angeles ' most famous cougar has ` left the building ' after taking up residence in an unsuspecting family 's crawl space . The mountain lion , known as P-22 , left the Los Feliz home in the early hours of Tuesday , having created quite the media circus in the affluent Hollywood suburb . His departure was announced on Twitter by the California Department of Fish and Wildlife , which tweeted ` the cougar has left the building ' at 9.28 am . New home : The lion - known as P-22 - was found by workers in the crawl space at midday on Monday . Courageous : On Tuesday morning , after the cougar 's signal moved away from the area , a couple of brave animal welfare officers decided to conduct a thorough search of the area under the Los Feliz home . Gone : Luckily for them , P-22 had moved away overnight , and was moving back towards the park . ` Likes ' : The incident has made P-22 even more famous , with another 1,400 people liking his Facebook page . The lion usually lives in nearby Griffith Park , but on Monday was discovered in the crawl space of Jason and Paula Archinac 's home by an unsuspecting alarm technician . ` He came out white as a ghost , ' Animal Service 's Armando Navarrete told KTLA . The house was soon surrounded by a host of media outlets - including a circling helicopter - while a live stream meant Los Angeles ' residents could keep an eye on animal services ' attempts to move the lion . But P-22 was not prepared to be moved , despite being poked gently with a long prod -- which only led to welfare officers temporarily losing the pricey GoPro camera they 'd attached to the end of it that fell off . Welfare officers then attempted to fire a tennis ball cannon into the crawl space with hopes that at least the noise and commotion would scare him out , a tactic that often works with coyotes . Next , they fired small bean bags , the same kind police sometimes use for human crowd control , toward the cat . Resident : The beautiful animal may have been living in the crawlspace for some time before being discovered . Rescue : Attempts to get the lion to move out - including firing tennis balls - were unsuccessful . None of it worked , so they asked everyone to clear the area , in the hope that P-22 might move on his own accord . And the tactic worked : the mountain lion , who crossed two freeways when he travelled from the Santa Monica Mountains to the park more than three years ago , was gone when they returned in the morning . But even though the animal 's tracking device - fitted some years ago - was no longer sounding in the area , it was decided it was still best to double check the area was cougar-free . So a couple of brave souls entered the crawl space just to make sure . Fame : P-22 is best-known for being pictured in front of the Hollywood sign in 2013 . Hiding : It is thought the lion crossed two freeways to get to his home in Griffin Park , but it is not known how long he has been living in the crawl space in the Los Feliz hills . Luckily for them , P-22 was heading home - and the most recent tweets reveal he was heading deeper into Griffith Park . ' #LosFeliz adventure is -LRB- literally -RRB- behind him , ' California 's wildlife department tweeted . It is n't the first time P-22 has been the centre of attention , however . After he arrived in the 4,000 acre park , National Geographic photographer Steve Winter set about trying to capture his picture - finally managing to photograph him walking in front of the Hollywood sign in 2013 , making P-22 an overnight celebrity . Indeed , the big cat - who survived mange and a meal of rat poison to become apparently healthy again just last year - even has a Facebook page in his honour , which has got more than 1,400 more ` likes ' since his recent appearance on TV . Beanbags : The animal rescue workers have even resorted to using beanbags to move the lion . Live feed : The incident has created quite a furore - with people watching it unfold live on television -LRB- pictured -RRB- .