Luke Rockhold is ready to be the bull to Lyoto Machida 's matador when the middleweights collide in New Jersey on Saturday . The Californian is bidding for his fourth consecutive victory since losing to Vitor Belfort two years ago and has a title shot in his sights . And he knows exactly what it will take to beat Machida . Lyoto Machida -LRB- left -RRB- and Luke Rockhold face off ahead of their middleweight clash this weekend . ` A big set of balls . I 've just got to come forward and go out there and dominate him , ' he said . ` Machida likes to run around and dance and do his thing . I 've just got to cut him off , slowly progress and be the bull . He tries to be the matador -- sometimes you 've got to play one role or the other and this is the time to be the bull and slowly progress , put him in a bad spot and make him fight my fight . ` I 've seen little things that he does n't like -- there 's plenty of other fights too that I 've seen that show a lot of holes and areas where I can take advantage of . ` You see fights where guys stand in the middle ground too long -- I 've just got to make him think about everything . I 'm a true mixed martial artist ; I have everything to my game . He 's got to think about me taking him down , and then my kicks and my punches and everything that I bring to the table . ` Machida has got a very small avenue to win this fight on the feet . Other than that , my avenue is quite big comparably to his . . He does n't really have much of a chance on the ground . Rockhold performs during an open workout as he bids to extend his winning streak to five . Machida lands a side kick as he works out in front of fans and media . ` I 'll be operating at a different frequency than him -- he does n't have the hip movement and the speed to keep up with me . ' And while Rockhold afforded Machida his respect , he has no plans to let it get in the way of victory . ` I think there is a mutual respect between Machida and me -- I respect what he does , ' he said . ` He 's one of the best in the game and has been for a long , long time . ` He 's right here at the top , where he 's been for the whole of his career . He 's a martial artist -- he lives by the code . A lot of people love his fighting style , a lot of people hate his fighting style , but you have to respect his fighting style . ` I respect what he does and I like a lot of the things he does . But at the same time , I 'm going to go out there and show him my style and dominate . ` I 've been running marathons every day so I 'm ready to go in there and chase him down . ' Rockhold 's last victory came against Michael Bisping last November in Australia . Machida is also coming off the back of a victory , against CB Dollaway in Brazil . Machida , meanwhile , is confident he can upset Rockhold and earn himself a title shot . ` I think if I apply my style , my technique , I can stop Luke , you know , ' he said . ` If I can do my strategy , I can win the fight . ` I know there was another fight in line for the title shot - Jacare vs Yoel Romero -- but now , whoever wins out of me and Luke -- deserves a title shot I think . ` I can see a couple of weaknesses in Luke but it 's hard to say before the fight , it 's hard to foresee the fight . I have to be there to feel the fight - to see any mistakes he makes . ` I am very well prepared for this fight . I had eight weeks of camp and I had great training . Glover -LSB- Teixeira -RSB- was there and many , many other fighters . So I am feeling very well , very calm , and I think I can do a great job . '