It 's an instrument most associated with detective fiction but a prankster found a rather different way of utilising a magnifying glass . Liam Sandham , of Fleetwood , has gone viral with a work place prank that involves burning his unsuspecting friend in a van . Capturing the video from his camera phone , the plasterer initially films himself and the vehicle 's wing mirror through a magnifying glass , which he moves back and forwards . The prankster films himself at the start of the video that has gone viral after receiving over one million views . Liam Sandham , of Fleetwood , films his unsuspecting friend who looks at his phone while sitting in the passenger seat . He then films his friend , who sits in the passenger seat and looks at his phone -- visibly content in his own little world . Moving the camera down , the prankster videos the man 's hand and slowly moves the magnifying glass over the top of it . A beam of sunlight can be seen dancing on his knuckles as Liam attempts to hold the magnifying glass steady so as to concentrate the beam , and its heat energy , into one place . Liam moves the magnifying glass over the top of his friend 's hand and a beam of sunlight can be seen dancing on his knuckles . Liam 's work friend reacts in shock and immediately pulls his hand away before unleashing an explicit tirade . Suddenly the man reacts dramatically -- pulling his hand away from his lap fast and leaning back in his seat . He then unleashes an explicit tirade on his friend , who can be heard laughing , as he cradles the burn with his other hand . The video concludes with the victim asking what it was that caused him the pain . The prankster lifts up the magnifying glass to show his friend what it was that caused him the pain . Liam lifts up the magnifying glass to show him and his friend swears at him once more , while the filmmaker continues to laugh . The video , which was uploaded to YouTube with the title ` Burning people with magnifying glass ' , has been viewed over a million times .