She 's a best-selling singer , actress , beauty buff and one of the world 's most stylish stars . And now , Rita Ora - who is only 24 and has already made the transition from a Kosovan-born fledgling singer to one of the globe 's most successful stars - has channeled her passion for fashion into a new adidas range . For her latest collaboration with adidas Originals , Rita has taken the brand 's classics and put her own bold spin on them . The result ? A collection that is as daring and vibrant as the designer herself . Scroll down for video . Rita Ora has channeled her passion for fashion into a new adidas range , so FEMAIL caught up with the global star to find out her influences and plans for the future . Speaking to FEMAIL about the inspiration behind her new range , which is emblazoned with graphic dragon prints and lands on May 1 , Rita said : ` The Dragon print is all about my love of travel and soaking up different cultures . The print itself is inspired by Asian culture and one of its most recognisable symbols . ` I 've contrasted that with the fit , basketball style cuts , which were inspired by American culture . My White Smoke pack is about the body-mind-soul connection , about taking a moment for reflection . The graphic comes from the visual smoke creates when burning incense . ' The talented star , who also recently unveiled a beauty range for Rimmel , could n't be happier with the final result . She said : ` I love being able to go into design meetings with all these crazy ideas and then be able to create a product that has n't existed before . From the initial stages to seeing my fans wearing the clothes and shoes - it 's been an amazing experience . ' The talented star , who also recently unveiled a beauty range for Rimmel , shows off her toned abs in the new campaign shoot . Rita has taken the brand 's classics and put her own bold spin on them . The result ? A collection that is as daring and vibrant as the designer herself . Rita used her own ` street , funky and bright ' sense of style as a point of reference , but promises there 's ` a little something for everyone ' . ` Each one of my packs has a different cut and style to it , ' she explained . ` I 'm more of a tomboy myself but I also love to get dressed up and wear a big dress , so my designs embody that contrast . ` I 'm always about wearing what looks and feels good to you , not about following trends . So I try to create clothing that fits that , allowing the person wearing it to make it their own however it fits their own personal style . ' Rita used her own ` street , funky and bright ' sense of style as a point of reference , but promises the range , pictured , offers ` a little something for everyone ' Citing Marilyn Monroe as her ultimate postergirl , Rita explains that her style has evolved as a result of her transatlantic career . ` I 've always loved that London street style , but I 've started to fuse it with a more American style the more time I 've spent here , ' she said . ` But UK or US , I 've always been a sneakerhead . Adidas has always been a staple in my closet , so it was a natural fit for me to collaborate with them , I 'm just grateful they wanted to work with me ! ' . Citing Marilyn Monroe as her ultimate postergirl , Rita , pictured judging on The Voice , explains that her style has evolved as a result of her transatlantic career . As well as conquering the fashion world , the humble star has been busy making music , starring in Fifty Shades Of Grey and spending time with her beau , Ricky Hilfiger . So does she ever have a day off and what does she get up to ? ` Whenever I have a day off , I spend the day in my bed , watching movies , in my pyjamas , eating takeaway , ' she revealed . ` I guess it 's probably fortunate that I do n't have too many days off , but I always like to take full advantage of any down time I can get . ' Thanks to her countless projects and array of starry friends , it seems that The Voice coach is taking over the world . ` Aw , thank you ! , ' she replied . ` It 's great to be able to give a try to so many different things . ` I 'm just starting to get more into the Hollywood movie world , so I 'd love to continue down that path . But music has always and will always be my main love and passion . ` In five years ' time , hopefully I will still be creating music and being able to live my dreams surrounded with the people I love . I 'm so grateful for the opportunities I 've had so far , I 'm excited to see what the future will hold . ' Rita and her boyfriend Ricky at the opening of his father 's store , left , and Rita seen partying with her famous friends , including Kate Moss , right .