A 73-year-old former soldier has been charged over the death of a man with learning difficulties in Northern Ireland more than 40 years ago . John Pat Cunningham , 27 , was shot dead by the Army in a field in Benburb , Co Armagh , in June 1974 . Dennis Hutchings , who has been charged with attempted murder , appeared at Omagh Magistrates Court in Co Tyrone today and was released on bail . John Pat Cunningham -LRB- pictured left , and right , a photograph held by his nephew Charlie Agnew -RRB- was shot by the British Army in a field in 1974 . A 73-year-old former soldier has been charged with attempted murder . White-haired Hutchings , of Cawsand , Torpoint in Cornwall , stood solemnly in the dock flanked by a police officer with his arms straight down by his side . The bespectacled man appeared in court wearing navy jeans , trainers , a grey and white-flecked woollen jumper with a navy body-warmer-type jacket . Hutchings was released on bail after speaking only to confirm his identity , date of birth and replied ` I do ' when asked if he understood the charge against him . A detective from the PSNI 's serious crime branch told the court he believed he could connect him to the charge . Defence solicitor Stephen Clarke requested that reporting restrictions preventing publication of the defendant 's name be imposed by the court under human-rights legislation . The ` nature and circumstances ' of the offence could raise 'em otive issues ' , the solicitor claimed . But rejecting the application , District Judge Nigel Broderick said : ` This is an offence which allegedly occurred some time ago . ' Releasing Hutchings on bail of £ 500 , the judge also said the principle of open justice was well established in Northern Ireland . ` I am told that Article Two may be engaged but I am not satisfied that there are any justifiable concerns and I must deal with the case as presented , ' the judge said . ` I am not minded to make reporting restrictions . ' Mr Cunningham , who had the mental age of a child , was running away from an Army patrol when he was shot . The court was told there were no objections to bail subject to four conditions . Hutchings was ordered to surrender his passport and not to contact with any other witnesses . He was arrested in England on Tuesday and was taken to Northern Ireland for questioning by detectives from the Police Service of Northern Ireland investigating legacy Troubles-related deaths . The case was recently reopened by the Police Service of Northern Ireland and a murder investigation started following a re-examination of the available evidence . Mr Cunningham , who had the mental age of a child between six and 10 , had a fear of men in uniform and was running away from an Army patrol when he was killed . The Government apologised for his death in 2013 . But earlier this week , Mr Cunningham 's family said the investigation did not have their support . The Government apologised for his death in 2013 and the police investigation was re-opened earlier this year . In a statement issued on their behalf by victims campaign organisation the Pat Finucane Centre , a spokesman said : ` Whilst family members have cautiously welcomed the arrest , they have asked the PFC to state categorically that they will only have confidence in an investigative process that is completely independent of the PSNI . ` Cunningham family members said in October 2013 that they wish to see all investigations into British Army killings , including that of John Pat , being investigated by an independent body . ' The investigation into the shooting was reopened in March this year . Speaking last month , DI Neil McGuinness of the PSNI said : ` I appreciate this happened more than 40 years ago but I believe there are people in the community today who remember this tragic incident , who knew John Pat and who may have information which would be of assistance to the investigation . ` Our objective is to get to the truth of what happened that Saturday morning so that justice can be served . ' Hutchings was excused from appearing at the next court hearing in Dungannon , Co Tyrone , on June 3 . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .