Girl power was the definite winner at yesterday 's historic Boat Race as women rowed on the same course and same day as the men for the first time . Oxford University women 's rowing team beat Cambridge -- inspiring their male colleagues to win for the third time running in the 161st race . The women 's race has been held since 1927 further up river at Henley , but after years of campaigning for equal billing , they were finally given equality with the men . Scroll down for video . Water babes : Oxford 's women 's team made history and competed alongside the men for the first time . Joy : Oxford , who entered the race as favourites , took an early lead and finished more than six lengths ahead . Oxford , who entered the race as favourites , took the lead within the first few minutes and never looked like losing it . They finished six-and-a-half lengths and 19 seconds ahead . The team 's performance was undoubtedly boosted by American Olympic Gold medallist and world champion Caryn Davies , who was the most experienced rower -- male or female -- on the river . She said winning had been tougher than the Olympics . ` It hurts a lot , ' she added . Cox Jennifer Ehr had told her colleagues before the start of the race : ` Let 's do this for everyone who made it happen . Let 's make history today . ' There were scenes of tears and jubilation when the victorious women were helped out of their boat . Team captain Anastasia Chitty said it had been ` humbling ' to win on the same course as the men . ` It 's just amazing . It 's a really special moment , ' she said . Oxford 's preparations had been far from smooth . Ten days ago , the crew had to be rescued by the RNLI when their boat sank during a training session . Huge crowds watched yesterday 's event , which will transform perceptions of the women 's race , meaning that its days as the poor relation are well and truly over . Winners : Anastasia Chitty , president of the Oxford University Women 's Boat Club , celebrates today 's win .