David Cameron is narrowly winning the battle for floating voters , according to a major poll out today . The ComRes survey of 4,000 undecided voters found a slim majority have been more impressed with the performance of the Prime Minister than that of Ed Miliband during the Election campaign . A separate poll of marginal seats by the former Tory treasurer Lord Ashcroft suggests that Ukip 's vote is being squeezed in key constituencies as election day approaches . A ComRes survey of 4,000 undecided voters across the UK found a slim majority have been more impressed with the performance of Prime Minister David Cameron than that of Ed Miliband during the Election campaign . It also suggests Education Secretary Nicky Morgan is set to hold her marginal seat in Loughborough . Today 's ComRes survey , for ITV 's Good Morning Britain show , found that 37 per cent of floating voters have been impressed with Mr Cameron 's performance on the campaign trail so far , compared with 31 per cent who think Mr Miliband has done well . Nigel Farage was just behind on 30 per cent . Meanwhile , SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon , has impressed 21 per cent of voters on the back of her strong performance in last week 's televised leaders ' debate . Ms Sturgeon appears to have been biting her nails . Is the pressure starting to tell on Nicola Sturgeon ? From the look of her hands as she met her party 's candidates in Aberdeen yesterday , it looks like the 44-year-old SNP leader has been struck by a bout of behind-the-scenes finger-chewing . Mr Cameron also suffered less badly from negative appraisals . While 49 per cent said they were ` unimpressed ' with the Prime Minister 's performance , 54 per cent said the same of Mr Miliband . But the poll also shows that politicians have yet to shift many of the undecided voters whose support is likely to be critical in next month 's election . Just 12 per cent of the group said they had made up their minds since they were last polled in March . Another 48 per cent said they had a ` good idea ' who they would back , while 16 per cent said they were ` starting to lean towards a certain party ' . Almost a quarter -LRB- 24 per cent -RRB- said they were ` completely undecided who to vote for ' . Floating voters identified the NHS as the most important issue , followed by immigration , the cost of living and the economy . Meanwhile , Lord Ashcroft 's survey of Labour-Tory marginals suggests Mr Cameron still has a lot of work to do just to hold on to the seats he won in 2010 . Of ten Tory-held marginal constituencies , Labour is ahead in four seats , with the parties tied in another . Mr Cameron also suffered less badly from negative appraisals , with 49 per cent of undecided voters saying they were ` unimpressed ' with his performance and 54 per cent saying the same of Mr Miliband -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Lord Ashcroft said the study showed Ukip 's vote was being squeezed since the same seats were polled last year . ` The Ukip share had fallen significantly -- by up to 10 points -- in nine of the ten seats polled , ' he said . The decline in Ukip support has helped the Tories consolidate their grip in Blackpool North , Pendle , Gloucester , Kingswood and Mrs Morgan 's Leicestershire constituency . The Education Secretary , whose 3,744 majority is the smallest in the Cabinet , is now nine points ahead of the Labour challenger . But Labour also appears to be benefiting from the squeeze in Ukip support in some areas , moving ahead of the Tories in Harrow East and increasing its lead in the Tory-held seats of Hove , Stockton South , and Morecambe and Lunesdale . In Pudsey , West Yorkshire , Labour and the Conservatives were tied with 40 per cent each . Nigel Farage said he was not concerned about the Ashcroft polls , saying : ` In areas where the two big parties are firing heavy artillery and we are not , it is perhaps not entirely surprising . ' Ed and Justine Miliband on the campaign trail . Ed Miliband 's wife has revealed how he led her to believe he was single when they met at a dinner party -- at the home of the woman he was dating . Justine Miliband said she was furious to discover he was seeing another woman . She also described how that evening , the future Labour leader bored her by insisting on talking about economics . Mrs Miliband told the Daily Mirror : ` I thought he was good looking and clever and seemed to be unattached . But we just went down a conversational cul-de-sac . ` Apparently we had nothing in common . He wanted to talk about economics -- one of my least favourite subjects . None of our conversations went anywhere . ' The unpromising start to their relationship was compounded when she found out he had been going out with the woman who invited them to dinner . ` I was furious . I bumped in to him a couple of times after that , but we did n't start seeing each other for at least a year , ' she said . Speaking while she was campaigning in Runcorn , Cheshire this week , Mrs Miliband said : ` Canvassing in the rain always reminds me of falling in love with Ed in 2005 . ` I had never been out leafleting before and did n't realise you had to keep your eye out for dogs on the other side of the letterbox . ` I 'd been bitten by a Doberman . Ed bandaged me up and I fell in love with him . ' Labour slammed for ` weaponising child sex abuse in campaign . Shadow home secretary Yvette Cooper released figures which showed reports of child sex abuse have risen by 60 per cent over the past four years . Labour was last night accused of ` weaponising ' child abuse after blaming the Coalition for a rise in child sexual exploitation . Shadow home secretary Yvette Cooper released figures which showed reports of child sex abuse have risen by 60 per cent over the past four years , while arrests for these offences have fallen by 9 per cent . The Tories said the figures were ` false ' , and accused Labour of ` playing politics ' with an ` appalling crime ' . They said the rise in reports was due to more awareness of the issue in light of scandals in Labour council areas such as Rochdale and elsewhere . Last night Conservative MP Julian Smith said : ` Is there no level to which Labour wo n't stoop ? First they tried to weaponise the NHS , now this . It 's disgusting . ' Miss Cooper claimed the figures showed police are not able to respond to the scale of the reports , pointing out that over the past four years , almost 17,000 officers have been cut . She added : ` -LSB- Tory -RSB- plans for deeper cuts in the next Parliament cutting over 20,000 police would be deeply damaging to the fight against child abuse . ' A Tory spokesman said : ` Child abuse is an appalling crime , and no one should play politics with it . Labour 's conclusions are false . They are talking about the amount of crime that is reported to the police . ` But for many people , child sexual abuse has been a hidden crime which is only now coming to light , and it is good that more people are having the courage to come forward . Rather than making up numbers about police officers , Labour should support the action we have taken to expose this evil crime , to prosecute the perpetrators and to support survivors . '