A female cyclist was killed in a rush-hour accident with a lorry in central London today . Witnesses reported seeing the front wheel of her bike ` completely squashed ' under the lorry following the accident close to Lambeth Bridge near the Houses of Parliament at about 9.30 am . Today 's incident was the fifth death of a cyclist in the capital this year - all involving lorries - prompting cycle campaigners to organise a ` vigil and die-in ' at the site . Accident : Witnesses reported seeing the front wheel of her bike ` completely squashed ' under the lorry . Police response : Today 's incident was the fifth death of a cyclist in the capital this year - all involving lorries . One witness told the London Evening Standard : ` The front wheel of the bike was completely squashed under the front wheels of the lorry . ' Another said : ` The lorry was stopped on the roundabout at the junction of the bridge and Millbank , and the bike was under the front left wheel . The front wheel was trapped under the lorry . ' And marketer Katherine Jacques tweeted : ` Just walking over Lambeth Bridge and finding roads shut . Another cyclist killed this morning . Lorry still there . Horrible , eerie silence . ' Metropolitan Police said officers were called by paramedics at about 9.33 am and the cyclist was pronounced dead at the scene at the junction between Millbank and Horseferry Road at 10.03 am . A Westminster City Council spokesman said : ` We are shocked and saddened by the tragic incident at Lambeth Bridge and our deepest condolences go out to the cyclist 's family and friends . ' Councillor Heather Acton , the council 's cabinet member for sustainability and parking , said : ` I am shocked and saddened by the tragic death of a cyclist , who was someone I knew . ` As with any death on our roads , I shall be making sure that all steps are taken to investigate what happened , and to continue to assess and pursue what can be done to protect all cyclists in the city . ` My deepest condolences go out to the family and friends of the cyclist . The council will continue working with TfL and the Metropolitan Police to support the investigation into the incident . ' The action group Stop Killing Cyclists has organised a protest at the scene on April 20 at 6 pm . Memorial : The incident has prompted cycle campaigners to organise a ` vigil and die-in ' at the site . Scene : The cyclist was died at the scene at the junction between Millbank and Horseferry Road -LRB- pictured -RRB- . One of the cyclists killed earlier this year was mother-of-two Claire Hitier-Abadie , 36 , who was riding a cycle hire ` Boris bike ' when she had an accident with a Crossrail lorry in Victoria in February . Transport for London -LRB- TfL -RRB- drew up improvement plans for the Lambeth Bridge northern roundabout which it put out for consultation in 2012 . But TfL 's report on the consultation said : ` Having considered responses to consultation , and following concerns voiced by Westminster City Council , we have decided not to proceed with these planned initial improvements at Lambeth Bridge northern roundabout . ` Instead , we will concentrate our resources on developing more substantial improvements that meet the expectations of Westminster City Council and other stakeholders . ' TfL said today that it was still working on the improvement plans . Meanwhile , TfL has announced that work has begun on a £ 25million package of improvements , including dedicated cycle routes , at Elephant and Castle northern roundabout in south London . The roundabout had the most accidents involving cyclists in London in the period 2009 to 2013 , according to insurance company Aviva . Crossing : The accident happened close to Lambeth Bridge -LRB- above , file picture -RRB- near the Houses of Parliament . Mark Johnson , a presenter on Share Radio 's breakfast show , told MailOnline : ` I live in Kennington and cycle across Lambeth Bridge every day to our studios near Millbank , so I know how dangerous the roundabout is at the north end of the bridge . ` I 'm also very concerned at the speed that construction lorries travel at in the built up urban areas of Central London . ' He added : ` I spoke to police officers at the scene who said they are also very concerned about the issue , but that unfortunately they do n't have any authority to make safety changes . ` They said it 's the borough councils that need to redesign the road layouts to ensure cycle safety . '