Tesco chairman John Allan claimed David Cameron 's decision to promise an in-out referendum before knowing what powers can be clawed back from Brussels means the cart is very firmly before the horse ' Tesco could quit London if Britain leaves the European Union , its chairman has warned in a swipe at David Cameron . John Allan claimed the Tory leader 's decision to promise an in-out referendum before knowing what powers can be clawed back from Brussels means the cart is very firmly before the horse ' . He suggested large firms like the supermarket giant could move their head offices from London to other sites in Europe ` relatively painlessly ' , should Britain exit the EU . The Tory election manifesto includes the promise of an in-out referendum by 2017 , but only after reform of Britain 's membership . It states : ` It will be a fundamental principle of a future Conservative Government that membership of the European Union depends on the consent of the British people -- and in recent years that consent has worn wafer-thin . ` That 's why , after the election , we will negotiate a new settlement for Britain in Europe , and then ask the British people whether they want to stay in the EU on this reformed basis or leave . ` David Cameron has committed that he will only lead a government that offers an in-out referendum . We will hold that in-out referendum before the end of 2017 and respect the outcome . ' But in an interview with the Independent on Sunday , Mr Allan warns this approach risks backfiring , because it commits to a referendum regardless of whether a better deal has been struck with Brussels . He suggested that a better approach would have been to lobby for reforms first , and then set a date for a referendum . He said : ` Logically , you would have started with ` these are the reforms we would like to see enacted within the EU ' and then , at the end of the process , determine whether or not you 've made enough progress and then decide if a referendum is necessary . ' He said the idea that a referendum will be held in 2017 if a Conservative government comes to power next month could have a real impact on people 's investment decisions . ` It 's a question of weighing up the pluses and minuses . This issue of the EU referendum and the uncertainty that it creates and the possibility that it could lead to Britain leaving the EU is a particularly heavy kind of pebble to put in the scales , ' he told the paper . David Cameron , pictured today , has promised to renegotiate Britain 's membership of the EU before holding an in-out referendum by 2017 . Mr Allan , who described his political leaning as being ` pretty close to the centre ' , was not among the more than 100 senior business leaders who signed an open letter last month praising the Tory Government and warning that Labour could ` put the recovery at risk ' . He said he did not think it was advisable to ` choose sides ' as firms will have to work with whichever party or parties form the next Government . Mr Allan also warned the political parties to be careful in their approach in dealing with the issue of immigration , saying they had been ` spooked ' by Ukip into making declarations on the issue . ` There are problems ... that need to be sorted out , but I think the answer is not to lock the door and throw the key away , ' he said . Labour leader Ed Miliband issued a plea to Tory voters worried about leaving the EU to back him instead . In an interview with The Observer he said : ` I am a politician of the left , but I am positioned where the mainstream of politics is positioned . I am on the centre ground of politics , ' ` I want to reach out to Tory voters , to Liberal Democrat voters , to Ukip voters , to non-voters ... to people who feel that David Cameron ca n't answer the challenge of our time , who worry about our place in the European Union , who really think to themselves , ` we can do a lot better as a country ' . '