Amid renewed calls for FIFA to overturn the controversial decision to hand the 2022 World Cup to Qatar , new research by the Mail on Sunday has shown just how much the oil-rich Middle East state spent on deals -- including legitimate trade deals -- in the course of lobbying in the run-up to the 2010 vote . Qatar won the final round of voting 14-8 against the USA in the executive committee ballot . The MoS analysis suggests that Qatar spent an astonishing £ 17.2 billion directly and indirectly on the way to victory . Much of this outlay was on goods and services for Qatar -- including aerospace orders , a football club , sponsorship agreements , land and general exposure . The details are in the accompanying panel . FIFA have been called upon to overturn the controversial decision to hand the 2022 World Cup to Qatar . New research by the Mail on Sunday has shown just how much the oil-rich Middle East state spent on deals -- including legitimate trade deals -- in the course of lobbying in the run-up to the 2010 vote . There were cash payments made from secret slush funds controlled by Mohammed bin Hammam . There were also millions of pounds of cash payments made to a huge range of football officials from secret slush funds controlled by Qatar 's executive committee member Mohammed bin Hammam . These payments and swathes of new detail about how Bin Hammam won the right for Qatar to host the event are detailed in a book published last week , The Ugly Game , by investigative journalists Heidi Blake and Jonathan Calvert . Former FIFA head of security Chris Eaton has called for any new evidence to be considered by FIFA -- even though he now works for Qatar . And a high-level group of European politicians -- the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe -- has approved a resolution calling on FIFA to re-run the ` illegal ' bidding process . Qatar is the world 's richest country in per capita income and even the £ 17.2 bn is minor compared to the $ 200bn -LRB- £ 132bn -RRB- budgeted for World Cup facilities and supporting infrastructure . WHERE ALL THE MONEY WENT ... Voter : Michel Platini -LRB- France -RRB- - £ 14.72 bn . Spent on : Orders for airliners from France-based Airbus ; buying PSG ; setting up beIN SPORTS ; and buying Ligue 1 TV rights , following a Nov 2010 meeting attended by Qatar 's Sheik Tamin , French president Nicolas Sarkozy and Platini , who admits voting for Qatar and says he was encouraged but not forced to do so . Michel Platini admits voting for Qatar and says he was encouraged but not forced to do so at the 2010 vote . Nicolas Leoz -LRB- Paraguay -RRB- - £ 1.33 bn . Spent on : Energy infrastructure deal agreed between Sheik Hamad of Qatar and Paraguay 's president Fernando Lugo on Aug 18 , 2010 after Qatar 's FIFA executive voter Mohamed bin Hammam 's planned trip to lobby Leoz was replaced with governmental trip . Worawi Makudi -LRB- Thailand -RRB- - £ 1.23 bn . Spent on : Gas deal arising from meeting , arranged by Bin Hammam , between key aides to Makudi at the Thai FA and Qatar 's most senior energy official on Aug 16 , 2010 in Doha . Worawi Makudi saw money spent on a gas deal arising from a meeting arranged by Bin Hammam . Angel Maria Villar Llona -LRB- Spain -RRB- - £ 150m . Spent on : Sponsorship of Barcelona by Qatar Airways was one deal brokered via Spain 's voting pact with Qatar , which later became an open secret , even acknowledged by FIFA president Sepp Blatter . Various African and struck-off officials - £ 99m . Spent on : Bid budget and miscellaneous expenses . This included cash spent on buying exclusive access to influence Confederation of African Football voters -LRB- $ 1.8 m -RRB- ; meetings to offer $ 1m to the son of struck-off voter Adams Adamu for staging a dinner ; and costs defending another struck-offer voter , Reynald Temarii of Oceania . Julio Grondona -LRB- Argentina -RRB- - £ 59m . Spent on : Allegedly spent clearing the debts of Argentina FA ; and unconfirmed sums paid by Qatar firm to sponsor November 2010 Argentina-Brazil friendly in Doha . Unconfirmed sums were paid by a Qatar firm to sponsor the November 2010 Argentina-Brazil friendly in Doha . Marios Lefkaritis -LRB- Cyprus -RRB- - £ 27m . Spent on : Piece of land owned by Lefkaritis in Nicosia by Qatar investment firm . Lefkaritis does n't deny the deal but denies any wrongdoing . Ricardo Teixeira -LRB- Brazil -RRB- - £ 6.7 m . Spent on : Sponsoring Brazil friendlies including against Argentina in Qatar in 2010 by Qatari interests . Ricardo Teixeira spent on sponsoring Brazil friendlies including the Argentina game by Qatari interests . Various officials - £ 4.8 m . Spent on : Alleged cash bungs by Bin Hammam from 10 slush funds to a range of football officials from across Africa -LRB- $ 5m -RRB- and Asia -LRB- $ 1.7 m -RRB- among others . Issa Hayatou -LRB- Cameroon -RRB- & Jacques Anouma -LRB- Ivory Costa -RRB- - £ 1m each . Spent on : Alleged in Parliament that they were given grants for no-strings ` development ' funding . Jack Warner -LRB- Trinidad & Tobago -RRB- - £ 933,000 . Spent on : Two cash lumps allegedly linked to Warner 's support , and then his silence , over corruption . Two cash lumps were allegedly linked to Jack Warner 's support , and then his silence , over corruption . Other voters for Qatar included Chung Mong-joon of South Korea , whom Bin Hammam later helped secure honorary FIFA vice-presidency , and Junji Ogura of Japan , seen as squeaky clean , who voted for Qatar after Japan dropped out . Bin Hammam voted for Qatar and the 14th vote is understood to have come from either Senes Erzik of Turkey , whose PM is a close friend of the Qatar royals , or Hany Abo Rida of Egypt , paid to join Bin Hammam on campaigning trips .