An Ontario girl whose father chose her needier twin sister to receive his liver donation has now gotten a lifesaving new organ of her own . Vietnamese Binh Wagner , 3 , and her identical twin Phuoc were left with fatally impaired liver function due to Alagille syndrome . But when Phuoc needed a donor just a little more , their adopted father Michael chose her to receive his liver , which was a perfect match . Now , thanks to the generosity of an anonymous donor , Binh and her sister Phuoc are both on their road to recovery , reports the National Post . Scroll down for video . ` BINH RECEIVED HER GIFT !!! ' : A 3-year-old girl in Ontario recently received a donated liver after her sicker twin sister was chosen ahead of her to receive part of their adopted father 's liver early this year . Binh and Phuoc Wagner of Kingston , Ontario were adopted by Michael and Johanne Wagner around a year and a half ago from Vietnam . The twins suffer from Alagille syndrome , a life-threatening genetic disorder that causes a loss of the bile ducts within the liver during the first year of life . ` BINH RECEIVED HER GIFT !!! There are not enough words to thank the amazing and so unselfish donor , ' the parents wrote on a Facebook page dedicated to the girls . The post continued : . ` Binh is recovering well , at her own pace . She has been through a lot with very different medical issues from her twin who had her transplant two months ago . ` We are looking forward to all being reunited and leading a healthier life now , with both transplants finally behind us . ' When Mr Wagner and his wife Johanne found out that both girls would need a liver transplant , they were relieved to find out that he was a perfect match . However , Wagner was only able to give a portion of his liver to just one of his daughters , leaving him with an impossible choice . In the end , doctors suggested giving the donation to daughter Phuoc , since she needed it the most . Mr Wagner and daughter Phuoc went into surgery on February 10 , and it has so far been a success . Anonymous lifesaver : The parents have asked that media not try to track down the donor of Binh 's new liver , because he or she has chosen to remain anonymous . Recovering well : ` Binh is recovering well , at her own pace . She has been through a lot with very different medical issues from her twin who had her transplant two months ago , ' read a Facebook update about the girl . Five days after the operation , the family posted a heartwarming video of the moment father and daughter were reunited in Phuoc 's hospital room . ` Hey mon belle ! ' Mr Wagner says to his little girl , which translates to ` Hey my beauty ' in French . The Wagners had seven of their own children before they decided to take Binh and Phouc in . Mrs Wagner said : ` When we saw them at the orphanage we were shocked , really . ` They were 9 pounds at 18 months . So we left the orphanage that day and went to buy two little containers with dragonflies on them and that 's what we were going to lay their ashes in if they did n't make it . ' Despite the health problems , Mrs Wagner does not regret her decision . She said : ` We look back and we have no regrets . ` We would travel this path all over again . They have taught us openness , they have taught our children sharing and openness . It 's been nothing but a wonderful mess . ' Months before Binh 's transplant , Michael Wanger was convinced to pass her by and choose her sister Phuoc -LRB- right -RRB- to receive part of his liver . Alagille syndrome is a life-threatening genetic disorder that causes a loss of the bile ducts within the liver during the first year of life . This leads to a buildup of bile in the liver , causing damage to liver cells . Scarring may occur and lead to cirrhosis in about half of affected children . Symptoms including jaundice , loose stools and poor growth develop within the first three months of life . Later , there is persistent jaundice , itching , fatty deposits in the skin and stunted growth . The disease can stabilise between four and 10 . It affects around one in 100,000 children . Children with the condition tend to have a prominent , broad forehead ; deep-set eyes ; a straight nose ; and a small pointed chin . Treatment of Alagille syndrome focuses on trying to increase the flow of bile from the liver . Problems with fat digestion and absorption may lead to deficiency of fat-soluble vitamins -LRB- A , D , E , and K -RRB- . Deficiencies of these vitamins can be diagnosed by blood tests and can usually be corrected by large oral doses . Occasionally , liver cirrhosis advances to a stage where the liver fails to perform its functions . Liver transplantation is then considered . Alagille syndrome is generally inherited only from one parent and there is a 50 per cent chance that each child will develop the syndrome . Half of cases occur spontaneously . Source : America Liver Foundation . ` They were 9 pounds at 18 months . So we left the orphanage that day and went to buy two little containers with dragonflies on them and that 's what we were going to lay their ashes in if they did n't make it , ' Mrs Wagner recalled about meeting the girls in Vietnam . Despite the health problems , Mrs Wagner does not regret her decision.She said : ` We would travel this path all over again . They have taught us openness , they have taught our children sharing and openness . It 's been nothing but a wonderful mess . '