Los Angeles Kings forward Jarret Stoll was arrested on Friday in Las Vegas , Nevada , on drug possession charges , and looked wide-eyed and alert in his mugshot . Stoll , 32 , is the longtime boyfriend of Dancing With The Stars host Erin Andrews , a former ESPN employee who now works as an NFL sideline reporter for Fox Sports . The NHL player was arrested for possession of cocaine and MDMA , also known as Molly , at the Wet Republic pool at the MGM Grand Hotel shortly before 5 pm . On Monday TMZ Sports added that the athlete was trying to smuggle over three grams of cocaine and over eight grams of MDMA by hiding them in his board shorts . Scroll down for video . Jarret Stoll , 32 -LRB- left -RRB- , is the longtime boyfriend of Dancing With The Stars host Erin Andrews , 36 -LRB- right -RRB- . He looked bright-eyed and alert in a mugshot taken Friday evening in Las Vegas . Stoll -LRB- seen partying at the MGM Grand in 2014 after the Kings Stanley Cup win -RRB- was arrested on Friday in Las Vegas , Nevada , on drug possession charges . He was arrested for possession of cocaine at the Wet Republic pool at the MGM Grand -LRB- above -RRB- . Stoll was previously in the news for non-sports related reasons back in 2013 when he was rushed to the hospital after having a seizure at his home in Hermosa Beach , California during the offseason , with the Kings later saying they did not know what caused the incident . Stoll , who will make a cameo in the upcoming film version of the popular HBO show Entourage , was booked into the Clark County Detention Center and was listed as having a hearing on Saturday after posting $ 5,000 bail . The charges include possession of Class 1 , 2 , 3 and 4 controlled substances , including cocaine and ecstasy . Michael Pariente , a Las Vegas criminal defense lawyer , says that Stoll will likely be offered a plea deal as a first time offender . Speaking with TSN , he said ; ` It 's pretty much a slap on the wrist . Even if he was going to represent himself they 'd make him an offer like this . ' This would include a $ 1,000 fee , an online drug awareness course , and possibly community service . Stoll was likely at the MGM Grand to attend the two year anniversary of their popular club Hakkasan Friday evening , an event that featured Tiesto and brought out Christina Aguilera . In both 2012 and 2014 , Stoll headed to the MGM Grand to celebrate the end of the hockey season with his Kings teammates . It seems that Stoll went on a date with Andrews on Thursday night , as she posted a photo of a romantic-looking candle that was seemingly taken at Italian restaurant La Sosta Enoteca in Manhattan Beach , California , on her Instagram page , and a fan snapped a photo with Stoll earlier in the day in the same neighborhood . The caption , which did not mention Stoll by name , read : ` Always a great date night ' . Andrews posted a photo of a candle that was seemingly taken at Italian restaurant La Sosta Enoteca in Manhattan Beach , California , on her Instagram page on Thursday . That location is four hours from Vegas . Andrews sparked engagement rumors after she posted an Instagram of her wearing a large ring in March . A fan snapped this photo with Stoll on Thursday in California . Stoll had 17 points in 73 games this season and was a member of the Kings ' Stanley Cup championship teams in 2012 and 2014 . He has been with the team since 2008 , but will become an unrestricted free agent on July 1 . The Kings failed to qualify for postseason play after winning the Stanley Cup last year and in 2012 . The team said in a statement following Stoll 's arrest : ` We are aware of police reports out of Clark County , Nevada regarding Jarret Stoll . ` Our organization is concerned and has begun conducting a thorough internal investigation . ` While we continue to actively gather facts , we are withholding further comment at this time . ' Veteran had 17 points in 73 games this season and was a member of the Kings ' recent Stanley Cup teams . Andrews , 36 , sparked engagement rumors after she posted an Instagram of her wearing a very large , square-cut diamond ring last month . Fans thought the picture meant Stoll had proposed , but Andrews said the ring was on loan . ` I 've definitely dropped hints here and there , ' the Fox broadcaster shared with ABC News in July . ` But we have n't looked at rings ... Nothing there yet , the ball 's in his court . ' She added : ` But no we are fine ! We 've had enough on our plate for the last two years of dating and have n't really gone there yet . ' He was previously engaged to actress and model Rachel Hunter , the former wife of singer Rod Stewart , and dated actress Katie Cassidy . Stoll broke off his engagement with Hunter just seven weeks before they were supposed to be married .