Michael Shepard , 35 , allegedly molested at least seven children within 18 months of his release . A serial pedophile in Florida has been arrested for molesting at least seven young children in his apartment complex just 18 months after he was released from prison by officials who voted to give him a second chance . Michael Shepard , 35 , conned parents into letting him babysit their kids and was frequently seen riding around the neighborhood with children on his scooter , authorities say . When asked about the sex offender notification he gave to his neighbors , he claimed that he had been in prison for a ` Romeo and Juliet romance ' with a preacher 's daughter . Police now say he did everything he could to win the confidence of the parents at Cedar Hollow apartments in Pinellas Park so that he could prey on their children . He is accused of horrific sexual attacks on seven children , both boys and girls . His youngest alleged victim is five years old . All of them were age 12 or younger . Detectives say he tempted them with video games , candy and trips to McDonald 's . He also drove young children to his ` hideout ' in the woods where he allegedly forced them to perform sexual acts on him and raped them . Parents even let their children sleep over at his apartment . The Tampa Bay Times reports that Shepard , who has a history of molesting children dating back 20 years , served 15 years in prison for molesting two boys , age six and nine , at a roller rink in 1998 . As his term in prison neared its end , authorities filed petitions to keep him locked up under the Jimmy Ryce Act , a Florida law that allows sex offenders to be kept behind bars past their sentences if they 're likely to re-offend . Shepard posted these sex offender notifications around his apartment complex , but told parents he was convicted of sleeping with a preacher 's teenage daughter . Parents soon began to trust Shepard and even let him babysit their kids , authorities say . Two psychologists examined Shepard and found that he was n't likely molest children again after his release , the Times reports . Dr Karen C. Parker testified on behalf of Shepard at a hearing . Dr Martin Falb , the state 's expert , diagnosed him with pedophilia , depressive disorder and adult antisocial behavior . He said Shepard was likely to re-offend . But at a hearing , he said he was ` straddling the fence ' on whether Shepard should be kept locked up or be released , according to the Times . According to the newspaper , Shepard had been caught having sex with other inmates in prison and had a confrontation with his live-in lover , his step-brother , after his release . When he moved into Cedar Hollow , he was required to post flyers to his neighbors informing him that he was a convicted sex offender . He still managed to win the trust of parents in the neighborhood . Within a month , a young boy was allowed to spend the night with him . The child says that when he woke up the next morning , Shepard raped him .