In the ancient Inca kingdom , the wheel was yet to be invented , iron was foreign and steel was unheard of . So when the Incas needed to travel across the Andes , they did so on handwoven rope bridges , stretched over gorges and rivers . Five hundred years later , just one of the Inca rope bridges remains : the Keshwa Chaca , which spans the Apurimac River near Huinchiri , Peru , in the Province of Canas . Dangerous work : Local villagers work on renewing the Keshwa Chaca - the last Inca rope bridge - in the Andes near Huinchiri , Peru . Incredible skill : The 90ft long Keshwa Chaca remains thanks to local villagers who rebuild the bridge each year using the same techniques as their Inca ancestors . As they expanded their empire , the Incas built an entire network of bridges to move armies , people and goods quickly and efficiently over the mountains . Even though it would take another 300 years before suspension bridges came to Europe , it is estimated that the Inca kingdom was connected by some 200 , all made by hand . The bridges were an integral part of the incredible Inca road system that stretches for 25,000 miles , from modern-day Ecuador to Argentina . The last Incas disappeared in the early 17th century , and over the years their bridges followed . The Keshwa Chaca remains thanks to local villagers who rebuild the bridge each year using the same techniques as their Inca ancestors . Craft : The ropes for the bridge are made from the ` ichu ' grass , which is braided by the local villagers . Safe walk : Although the Keshwa Chaca bridge may look frail , it has been proven to support the weight of 56 people standing across the walkway . Ready to go : As the last Inca bridge , Keshwa Chaca has become a tourist attraction , with visitors paying a small fee to walk across the gorge . Ancient tradition : It takes three days to rebuild the Keshwa Chaca , which is done in June every year . It spans 90ft over the Apurimac River some 100ft below , and villagers claim it has been there for 500 years . In the Inca days , local villagers would rebuild the Keshwa Chaca each year as a way of paying tax , but in modern times residents of the region keep the ancient tradition and skills alive by renewing the bridge every June . After the bridge has been built , it is left to disintegrate before being constructed again the next year . The raw material is ` ichu ' , a type of grass common on the sparse mountainsides of the Andes , which is braided into rope for the bridge . Each household in the four nearby villages is responsible for bringing 90 feet of braided grass rope , Slate reports . The bridge consists of five parallel ` ichu ' ropes , which are braided to be about four inches thick , fastened at stone platforms on each side of the gorge . The floor or walkway is of small sticks and canes , fastened transversely with raw-hide strings , and two thick ropes are tied between the platforms as armrails . It takes three days to renew the Keshwa Chaca , and although it may look brittle , it has been proven to support the weight of 56 people standing across the walkway .