Liverpool have become the first Premier League club to release their new kit to be used for the 2015-16 campaign , with New Balance taking over in supplying the Merseyside club . It ends three seasons of the Reds having their kit manufactured by Warrior where , despite a string of smart home strips , away kits ranged from the bright to the bizarre . So as Reds fans give verdict on the new Liverpool kit , Sportsmail picks out its five favourites from over the years . Of course there are many to choose from so let us know your favourite strips from the Merseyside club in the comments section at the bottom . Liverpool stars unveiled the club 's new kit to fans at Anfield on Friday with New Balance supplying the strip . HOME KIT -LRB- 1983-1985 -RRB- . Liverpool 's golden age in the 1980s meant we could have picked from a number of kits but the strip worn against Roma in the 1984 European Cup final win gets our vote for its iconic status . Liverpool 's stars -LRB- left-to-right -RRB- Michael Robinson , Graeme Souness , David Hodgson , Phil Neal , Mark Lawrenson , Sammy Lee and Craig Johnston celebrate with the European Cup after beating Roma in 1984 . Liverpool 's Graeme Souness scores the winning goal , as Everton 's Kevin Ratcliffe can only watch on in a 1984 League Cup final replay . Crown Paints did not feature on the shirt in that year 's European Cup final . HOME KIT -LRB- 1995-1996 -RRB- . A 1996 title fight just was n't quite in reach for Liverpool in the end , but their adidas strip from that year has found its place in history after being involved in of the Premier League 's greatest ever games in the 4-3 win over Newcastle . Or as TV commentator Martin Tyler might say : ` Barnes , Rush , Barnes , still John Barnes , Collymore closing in ! ' Stan Collymore sees a shot saved by Manchester United keeper Peter Schmeichel -LRB- left -RRB- but was on target later on in the season against Newcastle United in a thrilling Premier League match . Liverpool 's Neil Ruddock -LRB- left -RRB- makes a challenge on Newcastle United 's Faustino Asprilla as Jamie Redknapp jumps in to help his Reds team-mate during a 1996 Premier League clash . AWAY KIT -LRB- 2000-2001 -RRB- . It was the year Liverpool were up for the cup ... three of them in fact . Sure enough Liverpool looked smart on all fronts in their yellow strip when they came from behind to defeat Arsenal in the 2001 FA Cup final , with the season also seeing the Reds win the League Cup and UEFA Cup . Jamie Redknapp lifts the 2001 FA Cup for Liverpool after the Reds ' 2-1 victory over Arsenal as Michael Owen -LRB- left-to-right -RRB- Sami Hyypia , Robbie Fowler and Sander Westerveld celebrate . Liverpool 's Steven Gerrard attempts to steal possession off Arsenal 's Sylvain Wiltord during the 2001 FA Cup final at the Millennium Stadium which the Reds won 2-1 . Owen -LRB- 10 -RRB- celebrates scoring the winning goal in the final along with Emile Heskey -LRB- left -RRB- , Gerrard and Fowler . HOME KIT -LRB- 2004-2005 -RRB- . A winning kit is always memorable , and there wo n't be many Liverpool triumphs more memorable than the 2005 Champions League final , where Steven Gerrard inspired the Reds to a famous win over AC Milan in Istanbul . A good day for the Reds ... and kit manufactures Reebok . Steven Gerrard and Liverpool manager Rafael Benitez lift the trophy after winning the 2005 Champions League . Liverpool defenders Jamie Carragher -LRB- left -RRB- and John Arne Riise celebrate the 3-2 penalty shoot-out victory over AC Milan in the 2005 Champions League final . Liverpool drew 3-3 with Milan in Istanbul but triumphed on spot-kicks to win their fifth European Cup . Carragher -LRB- left-to-right -RRB- , Luis Garcia , Hyypia , Riise , Gerrard , Djibril Cisse and Xabi Alonso celebrate the win . AWAY KIT -LRB- 2008-2009 -RRB- . For the first time in a long time Liverpool liked they could win their first Premier League title during 2008-09 but although their challenge melted away , they did record a stunning 4-1 win at eventual champions Manchester United wearing a grey kit inspired from the late 1980s . Rolling back the years ... Fernando Torres shrugs off the attention of Manchester United defender Nemanja Vidic before equalising for Liverpool at Old Trafford in a March 2009 Premier League clash . Albert Reira , Torres , Gerrard and Dirk Kuyt celebrate as the Liverpool captain 's penalty gave them the lead at Old Trafford before going on to record an emphatic 4-1 triumph .