A Russian warship and two bombers strayed close to UK territory yesterday in yet another apparent attempt to test Britain 's defences . A destroyer equipped with missiles , anti-aircraft guns and torpedoes entered the English Channel along with two other Russian ships . It forced the UK to send a heavily-armed frigate to monitor the vessels . A map showing the how jets were launched from RAF Lossiemouth yesterday , shortly after HMS Argyll was deployed to monitor a Russian destroyer and two other ships as they passed through the English Channel . Just a few hours later , two Russian long-range Bear bombers , capable of carrying nuclear missiles , hugged British airspace -- prompting the RAF to deploy two Typhoon fighter jets . Sources claim both incidents may have been an attempt to ` snoop ' on a huge Nato war games exercise taking place in Scotland . Even though Russian military inspectors were invited to attend the show of strength , the timing raised suspicions that Vladimir Putin was using access to the site to test UK reaction times . It later emerged that the Russians had actually been at the Typhoons ' base at RAF Lossiemouth when the warplanes were scrambled . No explanation : Experts said Russian President Vladimir Putin 's move to send planes capable of carrying cruise missiles so close to British shores could be seen as an act of aggression . Two Typhoon jets from RAF Lossiemouth in Scotland , pictured in 2012 , to escort the Russian planes . Under watch : The Royal Navy monitored a Russian Udaloy class destroyer -LRB- not pictured -RRB- along with a tanker and a support ship as they passed through the English Channel . The Russian aircraft are believed to be ` Bear ' bombers that were first shadowed by Norwegian air force jets before they approached British airspace -LRB- stock image -RRB- . April 2014 - A Russian fighter plane makes repeated passes of American warship the USS Cook in the Black Sea . If armed the ship 's commander could have targeted the aircraft in self defence . June 2014 - HMS Montrose was sent to monitor a Russian corvette in international waters near Denmark 's Baltic coast . The frigate was then circle by a Russian maritime patrol craft . October 2014 - RAF Typhoons intercepted a Russian Bear aircraft over the North Sea and Russian warships pass through the Channel escorted by the Navy . October 30 , 2014 - 26 Russian bombers , tankers and fighter jets on military exercises are intercepted around Europe in just 24 hours . Jets are scrambled by the RAF and allies in Germany , Portugal and Turkey after the ` unusual ' spike in activity , which saw two giant Tu-95 Bear H bombers fly close to Britain . November 2014 - HMS Argyll monitors a heavily armed Russian warship as it strayed close to the UK while passing through the English Channel and Strait of Dover . January 2015 - Typhoons were dispatched from RAF Lossiemouth in Scotland and RAF Coningsby in Lincolnshire to intercept two Russian bombers capable of carrying nuclear missiles as they flew south of Bournemouth . February 17 , 2015 - HMS Argyll intercepts a Neustrashimy-class warship and its accompanying tanker as they headed home after a deployment in the Mediterranean in the English Channel . February 19 , 2015 - Two RAF Typhoon jets scrambled from RAF Coningsby in Lincolnshire to escort two Russian bombers in international airspace off the coast of Cornwall . April 2015 - Royal Navy 's HMS Argyll monitors Russian Udaloy class destroyer Severomorsk along with a tanker and a support ship as they move through the English Channel . The incursions are the latest in a long line of apparent tests by Moscow as tensions between Britain and Russia rise . The Nato naval operation -- Exercise Joint Warrior -- was aimed at encouraging Mr Putin to calm his recent aggression toward the UK . But Sir Michael Graydon , former head of the RAF , said the Kremlin was using Cold War tactics to ` snoop ' on the exercise and called for higher defence spending to defeat a ` resurgent ' Russia . He said : ` This is a classic return to the 70s and 80s when every exercise conducted by Nato was snooped on . ` We 've trumpeted the fact we are holding such a large exercise and the fact they are snooping on it does n't surprise me at all . ' He added that Britain should spend more on defence : ` Our capability to deal with these sorts of threats is diminishing because we do n't have the manpower ... we need resilience . ' A source added : ` It may be that they are observing the military exercise being held off the coast of Scotland . ' Under a European treaty , the Ministry of Defence were forced to accept an inspection by Russian experts and they arrived in Scotland on Monday . Yesterday the destroyer Severomorsk , a tanker and a support ship returning from the Mediterranean were intercepted by the Royal Navy as they passed through the Channel . Plymouth-based HMS Argyll , a Type 23 frigate with a crew of 185 , was sent to monitor the vessels . A source said the Russians may ` poke their noses in at the exercise off Scotland ' before heading home . An RAF spokesman said the two Bear bombers , which flew off the north-east coast of Scotland hours later , were escorted away . More than 100 Russian aircraft were intercepted last year , three times more than during the whole of 2013 . In November a four-strong Russian flotilla sailed through the Channel and earlier this year two Bears flew south of Bournemouth . HMS Argyle , a Type 23 frigate , which is currently monitoring three Russian ships as they head through the English Channel -LRB- file picture -RRB- . The Russian navy anti-submarine ship Severomorsk which is being monitored through the English Channel with a tanker and a support ship -LRB- file picture -RRB- .