Ahead of this weekend 's Premier League action , Sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and Opta stats . Here is all the information you need for Burnley 's home clash with Tottenham ... Burnley vs Tottenham Hotspur -LRB- Turf Moor -RRB- . Team news . Burnley . Burnley defender Stephen Ward should be back in contention for Sunday 's Barclays Premier League clash against Tottenham after overcoming an ankle injury . Midfielder Matt Taylor , who has not featured since August , is also nearing a return after resuming training following his recovery from achilles surgery . Stepehn Ward -LRB- left -RRB- tries to deny Arsenal 's Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain possession of the ball along with team-mate Jason Shackell earlier this season . The Clarets have no fresh injury concerns following the international break but Dean Marney and Kevin Long -LRB- both cruciate ligament -RRB- remain on the long-term absentee list . Provisional squad : Heaton , Gilks , Mee , Duff , Shackell , Keane , Reid , Ward , Trippier , Barnes , Wallace , Arfield , Jones , Boyd , Kightly , Vokes , Jutkiewicz , Ings , Sordell . Tottenham . Tottenham goalkeeper Hugo Lloris will miss Sunday 's Barclays Premier League match at Burnley because of a knee injury . Full-back Danny Rose will be assessed after returning early from an England call-up with hamstring and hip issues . Hugo Lloris picked up a knee injury in Tottenham 's 4-3 victory over Leicester before the international break . Forward Roberto Soldado -LRB- knee -RRB- is another concern . Provisional squad : Vorm , Dier , Rose , Vertonghen , Walker , Mason , Townsend , Eriksen , Bentaleb , Chadli , Kane , Friedel , Chiriches , Adebayor , Lamela , Davies , Dembele , Paulinho . Kick-off : Sunday , 1.30 pm - Sky Sports 1 . Odds -LRB- subject to change -RRB- : . Burnley 12/5 . Draw 23/10 . Tottenham 23/20 . Referee : Martin Atkinson . Managers : Sean Dyche -LRB- Burnley -RRB- , Mauricio Pochettino -LRB- Tottenham -RRB- . Head-to-head league record : Burnley wins 35 , draws 22 , Tottenham wins 34 . Key match stats -LRB- supplied by Opta -RRB- . The Clarets have scored just 14 goals in 15 Premier League home games this season . Spurs have kept just one clean sheet in their last 13 Premier League away matches . This will be the fourth meeting between these two sides this season after Spurs won their home league fixture and also won at home in the replay after a draw at Turf Moor in the FA Cup . Burnley have only won six of their last 28 Premier League home matches -LRB- W6 D10 L12 -RRB- , but Spurs were one of their victims in a 4-2 win in May 2010 . Tottenham have n't lost back to back Premier League away games since March 2014 . Tottenham and Burnley have already clashed at Turf Moor this season , with the clubs drawing 1-1 in the FA Cup . Here Nacer Chadli of Spurs -LRB- left -RRB- tries to dodge a challenge from Dean Marney . Burnley have been losing at half-time in 14 of their 30 Premier League games this season ; more often than any other team . Harry Kane 's 19 Premier League goals this season have won Spurs 22 points -- nine more than any other player in the PL has won for their side this season . Spurs have conceded seven Premier League penalties this season ; more than any other side . The Clarets have conceded a league-high 17 headed goals in the Premier League this season . George Boyd has run a league-high 338.8 kms in the Premier League this season , with Christian Eriksen just behind on 338.2 kms .