Nicole Kidman , Naomi Watts , Geoffrey Rush and Joel Edgerton have all made significant contributions to Australia through film and television that will no doubt last a lifetime . But recently uncovered documents from Ancestry.com reveal their ancestors have also had a lasting impact on the country through their service and involvement in World War One . As Australia prepares to commemorate the Anzac Centenary on Saturday , the service records belonging to two of Edgerton 's great grand-uncles show they were on the battlefield in Gallipoli 100 years ago . Scroll down for video . Actor Joel Edgerton 's great grand-unclesSimon Phillip Comerford -LRB- left -RRB- and Laurence William Comerford -LRB- centre right -RRB- , pictured here with comrades George -LRB- centre left -RRB- and Patrick -LRB- right -RRB- , were on the battlefield in Gallipoli 100 years ago . Edgerton 's great grand-uncles , Simon Phillip Comerford and Laurence William Comerford , both served in the same unit as transport drivers of the 18th Battalion in the 5th Brigade in Gallipoli in 1915 . According to his service record , Simon fought in Gallipoli in August 1915 . Documents show he fractured his left leg after he was kicked by a horse while on transport duty in January 1918 . His brother Laurence was wounded in action in France in November 1914 and November 1917 . Edgerton 's -LRB- left -RRB- great grand-uncles , Simon Phillip Comerford -LRB- right -RRB- and Laurence William Comerford , both served in the same unit as transport drivers of the 18th Battalion in the 5th Brigade in Gallipoli in 1915 . According to his service record , Simon fought in Gallipoli in August 1915 . Documents show he fractured his left leg after he was kicked by a horse while on transport duty in January 1918 . Soldiers are seen here attacking during the Gallipoli Campaign in 1915 . The records belonging to relatives of the Great Gatsby star are among the 12 million WWI historical documents available in Australia . Service records reveal Nicole Kidman 's great-grandfather , Edward Glenny , worked as a private in the military running the wireless communications during WWI . In November 1917 Edward became a sapper - or engineer - within the military . His role as a combat engineer included clearing minefields and bridge building . Service records reveal Nicole Kidman 's great-grandfather , Edward Glenny , worked as a private in the military running the wireless communications during WWI . In November 1917 Edward became a sapper - or engineer - within the military . His role as a combat engineer included clearing minefields and bridge building . Geoffrey Rush 's great uncle , James Thomas Rush , served in the 15th Infantry Battalion of the Australian Army . He was wounded in France in September 1918 . The Pirates of the Caribbean star 's grandfather , Baden Charles Rush , was just 18 when he enlisted for WWI . He served in Corps B of the Flying Corps but was never sent overseas to fight . Philip James Rolt , Naomi Watt 's great-grandfather , served in the Indian Army as a captain in WWI . He entered the Egypt Theatre of War in November 1914 . Geoffrey Rush 's great uncle , James Thomas Rush , served in the 15th Infantry Battalion of the Australian Army . He was wounded in France in September 1918 . Geoffrey Rush 's grandfather Baden Charles Rush was just 18 when he enlisted for WWI . His great uncle , James Thomas Rush , was wounded in France in September 1918 . Philip James Rolt , Naomi Watt 's great-grandfather , served in the Indian Army as a captain in WWI . He entered the Egypt Theatre of War in November 1914 . An Australian soldier lies wounded in the foreground as hundreds of other soldiers move among the dead and wounded on the beach at Anzac Cove on the day of the Gallipoli landing . An Australian carrying his wounded mate to a medical aid post for treatment , in Gallipoli , in 1915 . Service records for Albert Jacka - the first Australian to be decorated with the Victoria Cross during WWI - have also been uncovered . Albert was awarded the cross for his action in the Gallipoli campaign , which included leading his platoon against an enemy attack . Ancestry will be opening the 12 million WWI records free to search for Australians until Sunday , April 26 at 11:59 pm . To view them visit www.ancestry.com.au/anzac100 . Service records for Albert Jacka - the first Australian to be decorated with the Victoria Cross during WWI - have also been uncovered . Albert was awarded the cross for his action in the Gallipoli campaign , which included leading his platoon against an enemy attack .