Police are hunting for a man who walked into a house in Los Angeles on Sunday and shot a sleeping eight-year-old boy -LRB- above -RRB- in the head . Police are hunting for a man who walked into a house in Los Angeles on Sunday night and shot a sleeping eight-year-old boy in the head , leaving him critically injured . The suspect , who is described as Hispanic , medium build and wearing a grey hoodie at the time , apparently had no motive for staging the attack in the 11000 block of Wagner Street in Del Rey . According to the victim 's father , the attacker walked in through an unlocked front door around midnight and proceeded to fire shots after a heated conversation . The father then ran into the boy 's bedroom to shield him as the gunman followed shooting , authorities said . Ammunition plowed through the wall and the bedroom door , although it was unclear which bullets struck the boy . The lath and plaster of the wall are believed to have slowed the shots . The boy was rushed to Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center where he underwent surgery for a head wound . As of Monday , he was listed in critical but stable condition . His great-aunt confirmed to NBC LA that his condition was continuing to improve . ` I know that at some point he did say something . They said he was going to be OK , ' she said . No other family members were injured in the incident . The young victim 's mother and 17-year-old brother were also reported to be in the bedroom , while the boy 's grandmother was in another room . Apparently the front door and security gate had been left open as the father had been expecting his 20-year-old son to return . Scene of the crime : The suspect , who is described as Hispanic , medium build and wearing a grey hoodie at the time , apparently had no motive for staging the attack in the 11000 block of Wagner Street in Del Rey . Unprovoked : According to the victim 's father , the attacker walked in through an unlocked front door around midnight and proceeded to fire shots after a heated conversation . Shootings are rare in the residential neighborhood , police said . Indeed , neighbors told CBS News that the family has lived in the residence for more than a decade with no problem . ` According to the family , they did not recognize the suspect ' and there was nothing in the house that indicated drugs or other illegal activity , Los Angeles Police Capt. Nicole Alberca said at a news conference Monday afternoon . The names of the family members have been withheld but a photo of the boy has been released . The image shows him smiling with long , wavy , golden-brown hair down to his shoulders . Although the gunman is believed to have fled on foot , anyone who may have seen a vehicle leaving the area is urged to call Los Angeles Regional Crime Stoppers at -LRB- 800 -RRB- 222-TIPS .