New England Patriots fans probably had their hearts in their mouths if they 'd forgotten it was April 1 . Quarterback Tom Brady updated his Facebook page on Wednesday with a picture of himself lying in a hospital bed in a full body cast . He had shared a video on Saturday of himself jumping off a cliff into a river during his vacation . But according to the caption , it was n't the cliff jump that got him but Michael Jordan , who was spotted playing some pick-up ball with the football player several days ago . Brady wrote : ` Jordan 's crossover no joke ! ' Scroll down for videos . All banged up : Tom Brady pranked the New England Patriots and his fans with this April Fool 's Facebook post that showed him in a hospital in plaster casts from head to toe after his ill-advised cliff dive while on vacation earlier this week . Tom Brady posted a video of himself going cliff diving while he was vacationing during the NFL offseason last week . Michael Jordan and Tom Brady later joined forces in a basketball game in the Bahamas . On his April 1 prank bodycast pic on Wednesday , he wrote : ` Jordan 's crossover no joke ! ' Getting in on the act : The search engine revealed a mirror-image version of its homepage , which can be accessed by typing in com.google and shows search results flipped around . Trend : Miz Mooz said it was introducing ` selfie shoes ' to cash in on the narcissistic fashion and advertised it with two women posing in front of the New York skyline . Brady had fans , and likely his management , worried on Saturday after he shared a video of himself jumping off a cliff into a river during his vacation . The NFL star was not the only one in the mood for pranks on April 1 . Kelly Ripa and husband Mark Consuelos , who was co-hosting for Michael Strahan , pulled off a brilliant April Fool as they co-hosted Live ! With Kelly And Michael on Wednesday morning . Kelly , 44 , told the studio audience that she wanted to address the latest rumors swirling in the media that she 's expecting her fourth child . She picked up what looked like a press release and began reading it , confirming that she and Mark were indeed expecting another baby due in early 2016 . The couple are already parents to a daughter Lola and sons Michael and Joaquin . Kelly said they 'd been trying to keep the news quiet because it 's so early in the pregnancy and because she 's so old and after she confirmed the pregnancy , the audience broke out in loud applause and cheers . Then the show 's executive producer Michael Gelman threw a large piece of cardboard at the TV host which she caught and turned it around to reveal the words : ` April Fools , ' prompting groans of disappointment and laughter from the fans . Samsung Galaxy Blade Edge - combining the smartphone and kitchen appliance , brought to consumers just in time for April 1 . Pet project ? PetCo apparently have come up with the selfie stick for your dog - just do n't expect to see it on shelves any time soon . And the cat comes free ! The dog selfie stick deal from PetCo also comes with a free attachment for your feline friends . Convincing : Kelly Ripa and Mark Consuelos appeared deadly serious when they said they had an announcement to make as they co-hosted Wednesday 's Live ! With Kelly And Michael . Joke ! The studio audience 's excitement turned to groans and laughter after Kelly held up a sign saying , ` April Fools ' and husband Mark burst out laughing . Teach For America announced on April 1 via its Facebook page that Zayn Malik , who dramatically quit One Direction this week , has agreed to join them as a teacher now he 's left the boy band . The organization recruits young people to work as teachers in impoverished communities across the U.S. in an effort to make sure that all kids , regardless of socio-economic status , have the chance of a good education . ` We believe that Zayn 's experiences being both revered and ridiculed by teens and preteens and surviving Simon Cowell 's management - not to mention the overall Story of His Life - will equip him well for success in the classroom , ' Teach For America said on Facebook . A new direction : Teach For America , that recruits young people to work as teachers in poor communities across the U.S. , announced Wednesday that Zayn Malik is joining them after leaving One Direction . Google is usually keen to join in with the April Fool 's fun , and this year was no different as the web giant unleashed at least three different pranks . The search engine revealed a mirror-image version of its homepage , which can be accessed by typing in com.google and shows search results flipped around . It also jumped on the selfie bandwagon , announcing a new service allowing users to share instant photographic reactions to any website they visit . And the site 's ` Fiber ' division , which is rolling out high-speed internet across the U.S. , claimed to have a new dial-up mode which replicates the experience of using the web 20 years ago in order to induce a feeling of zen-like calm . Shoe company Miz Mooz made fun of selfie sticks with its ` selfie shoes ' , footwear with a hole in the end which can fit a smartphone in . Pizza Hut chose the first of the month to launch its ` scratch and sniff ' menus which are sure to be a big hit . Domino 's was among the companies to make April Fool 's announcements , posting a video on Vine of its new ` Domi-No-Driver ' , a drone motorcycle which can deliver pizzas without any human intervention . Qantas Airlines also announced that it was ` No longer a ` Q without a U ' due to the confusion with its company name . Samsung introduced the Galaxy Blade edge - because what home is complete without a smart knife with smartphone capabilities ? According to the April 1 ad , it has all the features of the Galaxy S6 phone along with the practical razor-sharp diamond edge of a kitchen knife . ` The Blade edge is a safe knife , ' Samsung wrote . ` It 's got a finger detection mechanism that prevents it from cutting human skin , while anti-virus protection alerts you whenever unwanted germs are detected in your ingredients . ' PetCo came up with the ingenious idea of a selfie stick for dogs which launched on Wednesday - but do n't rush to buy it in store any time soon . Pizza Hut put out a picture of enthusiastic , if a little gullible , customers trying out its new ` scratch and sniff ' menu . Dating app Hinge also launched their latest product on Wednesday - ` Playdating : Hinge for Toddlers . ' Justin , the founder and CEO , said in an interview : ` We thought , wow , 97 per cent of people between the ages of two and five are single . ' And not to be outdone , the Angry Birds birds app launched a new version , ` Agri Birds ' , with the tagline : ` Welcome to your new summer job at Agri Birds Farm . Plough the fields , tend to your crops , and trade goods with neighbors and friends to save your farm from being bulldozed by the dastardly bigshot -- Mighty Bagel . ' Drone : An image of the ` Domi-No-Driver ' , which supposedly delivers pizza without human intervention . Ashton Kutcher was n't going to be left out of the fun on Wednesday and the Punk 'd star enjoyed himself pranking visitors to his website , aplus.com . The 37-year-old actor and entrepreneur tricked mobile phone users into thinking they were getting a personal call from Kutcher himself after they scrolled to the bottom of articles on the site . Those who answered the faux ring were directed to a screen that showed the actor pointing and laughing at them with the message , ` April Fools . Trick Your Friends . ' Other celebrities took part in an April Fools Day joke that promoted a revolutionary 1.5 second looping video site Dips . The spoof website featured a host of famous faces who appeared to be backing a new $ 80 million start up that shares ` blink of an eye ' clips hosted by Funny Or Die . In the clip , a bedraggled Jennifer Lawrence picks up a banana as if it 's a phone and Britney Spears walks straight into a glass sliding door . The master of pranks : Ashton Kutcher fooled visitors to the website aplus.com into thinking they were receiving a personal call from the actor on their cell phones . Those who answered got an April Fools message . Who 's calling ? Oscar winner Jennifer Lawrence answered a banana instead of a phone in her 1.5 second video clip for spoof site Dips , an elaborate April Fools joke put together by Funny Or Die . Ouch ! Britney Spears walks straight into a sliding glass door over and over again in the looping video that was posted online on Wednesday . Spoof : Rob Lowe and Patton Oswalt are relaxing on the beach with some island drinks when The West Wing star points camera left and shouts out : ` Obama ! ' Dips was the brainchild of Funny Or Die co-founders Adam McKay and Will Ferrell and other big names who joined in the fun included Puff Daddy , Arnold Schwarzenegger , Today hosts Matt Lauer and Savannah Guthrie and Ryan Seacrest . In other April 1 pranks on Wednesday , the latest celebrity couple ` Drarry ' went public - sending Harry Potter fans into a frenzy after Tom Felton posted a shop of him and Daniel Radcliffe lying head-to-head with the caption : ` May as well just say it . We 're together now x #drarry . ' In the UK , The Guardian newspaper reported that disgraced Top Gear host Jeremy Clarkson had renounced his gas-guzzling ways after a ` dark night of the soul ' , and decided he wanted to devote his post-Top Gear life to campaigning against carbon emissions . He supposedly said he would start driving a Toyota Prius , and wanted the speed limit lowered . ` There comes a time when a man 's got to ask himself what he really stands for , ' Mr Clarkson is quoted as saying . ` And for me , that 's sustainable energy , traffic calming and an end to xenophobia and prejudice . ' The Sun newspaper claimed that Simon Cowell and Helen Mirren would be replacing the Queen 's face on British pound notes in the near future . Introducing Drarry : Tom Felton , who played Draco Malfoy in the Harry Potter films , shared this black and white snap of himself with Harry star Daniel Radcliffe announcing the two actors are now an item . Change : Qantas announced that it had added a U to its name to avoid confusion over the spelling . Pranks : Fired Top Gear presenter , Jeremy Clarkson , is now a green campaigner , according to reports on April 1 and Simon Cowell will be put on the British £ 5 note .