A homeless couple forced to live in their car after pay-day loan debts spiralled out of control are getting their lives back on track - thanks to a caring businessman . Philip and Victoria Sherlock have been living out of their car for three months , after a stomach operation meant Philip could no longer work as a £ 400 a week gardener . Their loss of income saw Victoria take on more hours as a shop assistant , but the desperate couple then had their benefits cut . Philip was given a lifeline by local businessman Jasen Jackiw -LRB- right -RRB- a Manchester business owner who heard about the story on a TV programme . Philip and Victoria Sherlock have been living out of their car for three months , after a stomach operation meant Philip could no longer work as a £ 400 a week gardener . With no choice but to sell furniture and take out pay-day loans , Philip and Victoria were eventually forced to leave their home and live in their Ford Focus in Warrington to be closer to Victoria 's job . The distraught couple even celebrated their ninth wedding anniversary by sharing a Twix chocolate bar while sleeping in their car . Driving to various supermarkets and public toilets to wash and brush their teeth before Victoria went to work , and Philip went to the job centre , became the norm each morning . But thanks to the kindness of Jason Jackiw , a Manchester business owner who heard about the heartbreaking story on a TV programme , Philip , 42 , has been thrown a lifeline . He has now started work as a stock manager at Jason 's firm Prymo , a specialist re-surfacing company based in Sale . Managing director Jasen Jackiw , 30 , said : ` I saw Philip was getting a lot of hate from some people saying he was just lazy , and I thought well I 'll give him a job if he really wants one . He started two weeks ago and he 's just been brilliant . ' Philip lost his job as a gardener following a stomach operation and then the pair lost their benefits . It became commonplace for the pair to wash in public toilets or at the facilities of local supermarkets . And Philip , who has been desperately looking for work for months , is proving to be a much-needed asset to the company . Jasen added : ` He runs all the warehouse and stock now , and does a bit of the maintenance stuff too , and we have never been so organised there as we are now . ` And he even goes out marketing for us too . He 's been absolutely fantastic , and I 've already said to him , `` right you 're going nowhere . '' ` All I saw was somebody who was desperate to get into work , and we needed somebody to manage the stock so it made sense . ` I was given an opportunity to start my business and I knew he needed an opportunity to get back on his feet . We did say to him that if he struggled with the job then we might not be able to keep him on , but he 's grabbed it with both hands and hit the ground running . ' Despite things looking up , the pair are still living out of their car but they stay in hotels whenever they can . Philip could n't believe it when the offer of a job came through , and although the couple still spend some nights living in their van , whenever they can afford it they treat themselves to a bed in a hotel - and hope to get their own flat in the future . Philip added : ` We were fighting for months to keep a roof over our head , but in January we could n't fight any more . ` Whenever we can afford it we 'll get a hotel , but Jasen gave us a van because we had to get rid of our car , so we sleep in there too . ' And the ex-gardener is enjoying his new job managing the stock for Prymo . Philip , 42 , added : ` Jasen saw what I was going through , and it 's heart-warming that there are people out there who will do this for a total stranger and I 'm really enjoying the job . I 'm a bit older than most of the people there so I try to make a difference . ' The distraught couple even celebrated their ninth wedding anniversary by sharing a Twix chocolate bar while sleeping in their car .