Gareth Bale has been urged to ignore a return to the Premier League and persevere at Real Madrid by former Wales manager Mark Hughes . The world 's most expensive player has endured a difficult second season at the Bernabeu . Despite starring in both the 2014 Copa del Rey and Champions League finals , the 25-year-old has become a figure of frustration for fans this term . The Welshman has been linked with English clubs including Manchester United and Chelsea but Hughes , who regrets only spending a single season in Spain , believes Bale should stay with Los Blancos . Gareth Bale has come under fire from fans in his second season at Real Madrid . The Welshman missed the Champions League quarter-final return against Atletico after picking up an injury . Bale , who won the Champions League in his first season , has been urged to stay at Real by Mark Hughes . ` He 's done everything right up to this point and having a huge impact over there but if he can , stay as long as you can , ' Hughes told the BBC . The Stoke manager played with former England striker Gary Lineker under Terry Venables for one season at Barcelona in 1988 . Hughes struggled at the Nou Camp before being loaned to Bayern Munich , although that has not prevented him from advising his countryman to stay . Javier Hernandez celebrates after scoring a late winner to send Real into the Champions League semi-finals . ` It 's such an opportunity , ' he said . ` From my own personal experience I made the mistake of thinking ` I 'll just go for a couple of years and I 'll be back home and continue my career ' which is totally the wrong approach . ` When you get the opportunity to go to a club such as Barcelona or Real Madrid you 've got to go with the intention that you 're going to try and stay there for as long as you can until they actually kick you out of the door . Hughes believes that Bale has the advantage of having a good family support unit with him in Spain . ` I went there when I was 23 but I was a young 23 . I was n't married and I 'd only just met my wife-to-be a couple of months before . ` It was difficult - I was out there on my own at times . ` If you have a good support network , which by all accounts Gareth has over there , I 'd say stay as long as you can because you 'll look back and think what a great experience that was .