Alex Rodriguez returned to the New York Yankees line-up for the baseball season 's opening day following a 162-game suspension , batting seventh and serving as designated hitter . Rodriguez returned from a suspension that spanned all of the 2014 season for admitted to receiving and using performance-enhancing drugs from a Florida clinic . Yet A-Rod received a warm welcome on his comeback , with fans even holding up signs that read ` Forgive ' in the crowd . Team-mates applaud as New York Yankees designated hitter Alex Rodriguez takes to the field . New York Yankees manager Joe Girardi -LRB- from left to right -RRB- , Jacoby Ellsbury , and Brett Gardner greet designated hitter Rodriguez after he was introduced before the start of the opening day game . New York Yankees designated hitter Rodriguez -LRB- centre -RRB- stands in the dugout at the start of opening day . Signs in the stands encourages fans to forgive Rodriguez after his heavy suspension . As always , the baseball season got off with a bang . There were giant American flags , national anthems sang loud and proud , and grand entrances via parachutes . On the field , however , Atlanta Braves right-handed reliever Jason Grilli will take over as the closer following the trade of Craig Kimbrel . In a blockbuster trade on the eve of opening day , the San Diego Padres acquired Kimbrel and outfielder Melvin Upton Jr from the Braves on Sunday . Elsewhere , Tampa Bay Rays designated hitter John Jaso suffered a left wrist contusion sliding into second base in the first inning of Monday 's season opener against the Baltimore Orioles . X-rays were negative , but Jaso left the game and was replaced by David DeJesus , who batted in the third inning . Chicago White Sox players and Kansas City Royals players line the field for the national anthem . A US Navy Leap Frog member parachutes into the stadium before Boston Red Sox vs Philadelphia Phillies . The Pittsburgh Pirates and the Cincinnati Reds line up for the national anthem before their opening day tie . The Philadelphia Phillies march into the stadium before the game against the Boston Red Sox . Jay Bruce of the Cincinnati Reds tries to make a catch on the opening day of baseball season . Robinson Cano and Justin Ruggiano of the Seattle Mariners celebrate after beating the Los Angeles Angels . Two fans have matching shirts on opening day that read : ` Together since 1987 ' Cancer survivor Julie Kramer throws out an opening pitch before an opening day game .