Whistleblower Chelsea Manning has given in an in-depth interview from behind bars in Fort Leavenworth , Kansas , describing the ` painful and awkward ' process and conditions of transitioning to a woman from inside a military prison . Born Bradley Manning , the 27-year-old former intelligence analyst was convicted of espionage in July 2013 for sending a trove of classified documents to the WikiLeaks website and was subsequently sentenced to 35 years prison . One month after being found guilty , Manning announced that he had always identified as female and planned to start living as a woman named Chelsea Elizabeth Manning , officially switching names in April 2014 . In February this year , after suing the Defense Department , Manning was approved for hormone treatment , allowing the former Army private to make the transition into a woman while serving out her sentence . Speaking : Chelsea Manning , 27 , the soldier convicted of leaking a trove of secret documents and sentenced to 35 year prison , has given her first in-depth interview since announcing plans to transition into a woman . Manning , a former army private who enlisted as Bradley , has had her name officially changed to Chelsea and recently received approval to undergo hormone therapy for gender reassignment while in prison . She was also permitted to have some amenities , including makeup and underwear , but is not allowed to grow her hair long , which she sees as a major affliction . Just this month , Manning started Tweeting and interacting with supporters online from prison . There is no internet access , making it a complicated process that involves her dictating messages over the telephone . Now , Manning has done an interview for the May edition ofCosmopolitan , which was conducted through written letters back and forth . Manning said not being able to grow her hair is ` painful and awkward ' , because she is forced to reject one of the biggest physical transformations her body will go through now she is taking hormones . ` I am torn up , ' she told the magazine . Revelations : In the new interview , Manning speaks of a tumultuous childhood , why she enlisted in the military , and realizing she was a woman trapped in a man 's body . ` I get through each day OK , but at night , when I 'm alone in my room , I finally burn out and crash . ' Manning grew up with a dysfunction home life in Oklahoma , and that combined with bullying at school made him retreat into denial . He found solace by sneaking into his older sister 's room and trying on her clothes makeup . She had a mirror that allowed you to see yourself under different lighting , which Manning found fascinating . Manning was constantly being called ` girly boy ' and ` faggy ' at school , however his father would tell him to ` man up ' in the face of such comments . This caused Manning to get into a lot of fights at school , she says . After her mother attempted suicide and her marriage to Manning 's father brokedown , she moved with her mother to Wales . Of attending high school in overseas , Manning recalled : ` I do n't think I ever said `` I 'm gay '' or `` I 'm trans . '' It was more like , `` Is it normal for guys to crossdress a lot ? '' ' Projection : Manning recently started a Twitter account operated using the telephone from prison , and this is her profile photo , which is believed to be an impression of what she will look like as a woman . Former life : Manning , had already secured permission last year to be known under the name ` Chelsea ' instead of ` Bradley ' Manning returning to Oklahoma after graduating and moved back in with her father , starting an internship as a software programmer and designer . However a falling out with her father lead to a period of homelessness . She lived out of her car in Chicago for a while until moving in with an aunt in Washington D.C. . There she attended Montgomery College and worked two sales jobs to pay for her tuition . She was growing more and more to understand her transgender self , and wanted to seek therapy , but could not afford it . On top of studying and working so much , she was falling apart with stress . ` It was all exhausting me to the point I was turning to soda , cigarettes , and the Internet for an escape , ' she told Cosmopolitan . Suddenly , enlisting in the military seemed like a good alternative , and her father supported the move . Despite a troubling experience in training , where Manning received school-like bullying and torment , she went to become an Army intelligence analyst in New York and prepared to deploy to Iraq . There she started a relationship with a student at Brandeis University . ` I fell in love with him , ' Manning told the magazine . ` He was not my first relationship , but he was certainly the most serious one . It was the first time Manning spoke to someone about wanting to become a woman . While the relationship fell apart once Manning got to Iraq , his understanding of self only intensified . The experience ` made me absolutely certain of who I am , ' Manning said . ` Dealing with reams and reams of emails , memos , and reports of people dying around me every day -- to the point it becomes just a statistic to many people -- made me realize just how short and precious our lives really are . ` I could 've been killed at any moment too . We all can , really . ` So what better day to start being ourselves than today , right ? Yeah , it sounds tacky , but it 's absolutely true . ` When I went on leave in January 2010 , I was comfortable dressing as a woman in public . ` I would n't have been able to do that before I deployed to a combat zone . ' Prison : Manning is serving out a 35-year sentence at Fort Leavenworth for violating the Espionage Act . Manning refused to be drawn on leaking documents , which occurred a little after this time . The former army intelligence analyst was convicted in August 2013 of espionage and other offenses after admitting to handing over more than 700,000 classified documents , including military intelligence reports and State Department cables , to the anti-secrecy website WikiLeaks . US officials describe Manning 's document dump as the biggest leak of classified files in American history . She could be eligible for parole in about seven years , however may have to answer to an army parole for the duration of her 35 year sentence .