An New Jersey police lieutenant who pleaded guilty to a lewdness charge after allegedly masturbating in a Starbucks says his post-traumatic stress disorder is to blame . In May 2014 , Benito Gonzalez Jr. ,46 , was suspended from duty after being arrested for allegedly exposing his genitals and touching himself inappropriately while seated at a table in a Cherry Hill Starbucks , police say . A surveillance photo posted to the Cherry Hill police Facebook page led to the 17-year Camden police veteran 's arrest -- the photo has since been deleted and is now being used as evidence , the Courier-Post reports . Blame : Benito Gonzalez , 46 -LRB- photographed -RRB- , who pleaded guilty to a lewdness charge after allegedly masturbating in a Starbucks says his post-traumatic stress disorder is to blame . The father-of-three was found guilty of the offense last month and is currently suspended without pay , the Philadelphia Inquirer reports . While county officials are working to fire the lieutenant 's , the Post reports , Gonzalez claims the incident -- which he says he does not remember -- is the culmination of a three-year downward spiral following a traumatic experience more than three years ago , the Inquirer reports . It all began in June 2011 when Gonzalez , who ran the department 's narcotics unit , had an encounter with a drug dealer , 32-year-old Adam Reed . In the altercation , Gonzalez dived to the ground , injuring his hamstrings , as Reed fired shots at him from a handgun . Reed then pointed the gun at Gonzalez 's head and pulled the trigger . But the weapon malfunctioned , saving Gonzalez 's life , and Reed was later sentenced to 66 years in prison , the Inquirer reports . ` I just saw my life completely over , ' Gonzalez told the Inquirer , ` I thought I was dead . ' Gonzalez 's career seemed to flourish and the 46-year-old was even promoted to lieutenant in 2013 . But Gonzalez said he used his job as a way to escape his crumbling mental health . Starbucks : Police Say Gonzalez walked into this Starbucks in Cherry Hill , while off-duty , pulled down his pants and masturbated at one of the coffee-shops tables . In evaluations after the incident , psychologists recognized that Gonzalez had issues linked to the trauma and reportedly gave him the task of deciding whether to stay with the department . He chose to stay and tried hiding his problems from his co-workers telling the Inquirer that he did n't want to seem ` weak ' or incapable of dong his job . In the years following the incident , Gonzalez would be diagnosed with PTSD , suffer panic attacks , experience flashbacks of the traumatic incident , and even contemplate suicide . It was not long after considering suicide that Gonzalez , while off-duty , walked into the Starbucks on Route 70 and committed the lewd act . Gonzales claims he was intoxicated and in a blackout state as a result of the trauma and only remembers drinking before going to the Starbucks and returning home that night , the Inquirer reports . He said he did not know he had been at the Starbucks until police contacted him and told him he was being charged . Gonzalez is set to appear at an administrative hearing Wednesday where his attorney will ask the department to briefly reinstate the lieutenant so he could apply for his more than $ 60,000 accidental-disability pension -- which law enforcement officials can receive after suffering disabilities from an incident , the Inquirer reports . The pension represents a majority of Gonzalez 's income , needed to provide for his wife and three children , aged 16 , 15 , and 8 . His wife says she fears the family will have to move from its home due to the financial strain . While the fate of Gonzalez 's pension is unknown , the Post reports that a judge last month approved Gonzalez 's participation in a conditional dismissal program . The program would require Gonzalez to undergo a one-year probationary period where he would be monitored . If he does not violate the probation , the lewdness charge could be dismissed , and he could have the charge expunged from his records six months later .