Audio has surfaced of Michael Slager , 33 , laughing and admitting to experiencing a rush of adrenaline in the minutes following the shooting . Audio has surfaced of the cop who killed Walter Scott laughing and admitting to experiencing a rush of adrenaline in the minutes following the deadly shooting in South Carolina earlier this month . Michael Slager , 33 , can be heard laughing nervously while talking with a senior officer . The conversation was picked up by the dashcam in the officer 's patrol car following the incident in North Charleston on April 5 . The dashcam footage showing Scott , 50 , a Coast Guard veteran , being pulled over for a broken tail light just minutes before Slager shot him , was released to the media on Thursday . The camera continued to record for another hour and a recording of the audio feed , including the conversation between Slager and a senior officer , was obtained by The Guardian . ` By the time you get home , it would probably be a good idea to kind of jot down your thoughts on what happened , ' the senior officer said . ` You know , once the adrenaline quits pumping . ' ` It 's pumping , ' Slager said , laughing . The senior officer replied : ` Oh yeah . Oh yeah . ' The senior officer told Slager during the conversation to go home and relax , assuring him that he would not have to answer questions about the shooting for days . Scott was shot five times in the back as he ran away from the traffic stop . The father of four 's death has sparked a nationwide debate about police brutality and bias against black people after a witness published video contradicting the police account of the event . Warning : Graphic Content Below . Scroll down for audio and video . Slager can be heard laughing nervously while talking with a senior officer . The conversation was picked up by the dashcam in the officer 's patrol car following the incident in North Charleston on April 5 . Slager , 33 , who is white , said that he felt ` threatened ' by Scott , who is black , during a confrontation over his Taser , but video shows the civilian running away before being shot . The dashcam also recorded a cellphone call that Slager received about five minutes before his conversation with the senior officer . ` Hey . Hey , everything 's OK , OK ? ' Slager said , after an iPhone ringtone was heard . Slager then appears to say : ` He grabbed my taser , yeah . Yeah , he was running from me . ' His wife , Jamie , is eight months pregnant with their first child . Slager was fired from the North Charleston police and charged with murder on Tuesday . A group of black attorneys have called for the second officer connected to the fatal shooting to be arrested . National Bar Association officials said that Officer Clarence Habersham , 37 , who was the second policeman to arrive at the dead man 's body after Slager , should be fired and prosecuted for filing a false report . The National Bar Association is calling for North Chareston officer Clarence Habersham , 37 -LRB- right -RRB- to be arrested for falsifying a report about the actions of Michael Slager , 33 -LRB- left -RRB- , during the death of Walter Scott . Habersham -LRB- right -RRB- was the second office to arrive at the body of Scott , 50 , and did not report Slager 's actions leading up to the shooting . Habersham , who approached the body after Slager went to go grab the Taser that fell , can be seen examining Scott . Slager then drops the Taser next to the dead body in the presence of Habersham . Habersham then used his radio to report that Scott had gunshot wounds to his chest , right side , and backside . However , the black officer gave a two-sentence supplemental report and said that he tried to render aid to the body , which no one in the video does . Officers in the video are seen walking around and checking the pulse of the body . Sergeant James Gann wrote in his report that he helped Habersham administer first aid and CPR . On April 4 , 2015 I Officer Habersham responded to the empty Lot behind Mega Pawn in reference to the above incident . I -LRB- Habersham -RRB- attempted to render aid to the victim by applying pressure to the gunshot wounds and directing the best route for EMS and fire to take to get to the victim faster . Video released after Slager 's account into the death shows Scott -LRB- left -RRB- running away from the traffic stop when he is shot . Mourners have placed flowers at a memorial to the veteran -LRB- right -RRB- over the past week . Slager said after the incident that he ` felt threatened ' by Scott , though video shot by Feidin Santana contradicts his report . Feidin Santana , who filmed a widely circulated video of the incident , said he did not any officers giving Scott CPR . The National Bar Association , the country 's oldest group of black lawyers , said that Habersham ` deliberately left material facts out of his report ' and left it ` incomplete ' . The group said it was ` outraged ' by the incident and that any other officer of the seven that quickly arrived on the scene should be indicted if they filed a false report . Police are interviewing all officers involved , a police source told CBS News . Chief Eddie Driggers said that he would not comment because the investigation is ongoing . Habersham was accused of excessive force by another black South Carolina resident , Sheldon Williams , 47 . POLICE VERSION . Police officer Michael Slager said in a statement earlier this week that his encounter with Walter Scott began at around 9.30 am on Saturday . He said he pulled Scott 's Mercedes over as a routine traffic stop for a broken brake light . He said Scott then ran away into a vacant grassy lot where , at some point during the chase , the victim confronts Slager . The officer then tried to use his Taser to subdue Scott , but claims the suspect grabbed the stun gun during the struggle , according to the statement . According to police reports , Slager fired the stun gun , but it did not stop Scott . At that point , the officer fired at Scott several times because he ` felt threatened , ' Slager 's statement said . He added that his actions were in line with procedure . Police then said Slager reported on his radio moments after the struggle : ` Shots fired and the subject is down . He took my Taser . ' His department said the officers then performed CPR and delivered first aid to the victim . WHAT THE VIDEO SHOWS . Slager 's account has been called into question after the video appears to show him shooting Scott in the back . The footage begins in the vacant lot apparently moments after Slager fires his Taser . Wires which administer the electrical current appear to be extending from Scott 's body . As Scott turns to run , Slager draws his pistol and , only when he is 15 to 20 feet away , starts to fire the first of the eight shots at his back . The video shows Slager handcuffing Scott 's lifeless body . Footage then appears to show Slager jogging back to the point where the Taser fell to the ground , bringing it over to Scott 's body around 30 feet away and dropping it next to him . It is only after two-and-a-half minutes that Slager is seen placing his hand on Scott 's neck in an apparent attempt to check his pulse . A black colleague then arrives and puts on blue medical gloves before handling the body , but is not seen performing first aid . They are joined by a third officer , who also does not appear to tend to the victim . Relatives of Scott say their goodbyes to him on Saturday at a funeral that was was so widely attended that hundreds were left outside . Williams , who has multiple criminal convictions , said that he was pinned to the ground , handcuffed and had his face stomped on during a 2011 arrest . He said he did not resist arrest . Scott was laid to rest on Saturday , his casket draped in an American flag and accompanied by his distraught mother . So many people came to the service that hundreds were left waiting outside . US senator Tim Scott -LRB- R-SC -RRB- , Congressman Jim Clyburn -LRB- D-SC -RRB- , state senator Marlon Kimpson , Charleston County Sheriff Al Cannon , and Elder James Johnson of the National Action Network all attended . Slager is being held without bail and faces punishments as serious as the death penalty if convicted . Judy Scott , the mother of Walter , leaves the funeral for her son in Charleston , South Carolina . The service was also attended by a number of the state 's politcians . Scott , who was remembered as a beloved father , had his coffin draped in an American flag during Saturday 's funeral ceremony .