At least 400 migrants trying to reach Europe from Libya were killed after their boat capsized , it emerged tonight . It was also claimed the body of one migrant , who died on another boat making the perilous trip from North Africa to Italy , was tossed overboard by a trafficker to circling sharks . The stories emerged after more than 8,000 migrants took advantage of calm weather to cross the Mediterranean over the past weekend . Scroll down for video . Rescued : The Italian coast guard involved in a operation to rescue migrants off the coast of Sicily on April 12 . Treatment : A refugee is stretchered off an Italian coast guard vessel in Palermo harbour , Italy on April 14 . A pregnant woman is helped off a boat at the Sicilian Porto Empedocle harbor on Monday . Italy 's Coast Guard helped save 144 migrants Monday from a capsized boat in the waters off Libya . A Red Cross volunteer carries a baby wrapped in a blanket after migrants disembarked at the Sicilian Porto Empedocle harbor Italy on Monday . Charity Save the Children said the capsized boat , carrying about 550 people , flipped over around 24 hours after leaving the Libyan coast . About 150 survivors -- mostly from sub-Saharan Africa -- were rescued and brought to an Italian port on Monday . Before the weekend , more than 500 migrants had already died crossing the Mediterranean so far this year . This number is a sharp rise from just 47 in the same period of 2014 , said the Geneva-based International Organisation for Migration . More than 170,000 migrants arrived in Italy last year after being packed on to boats by people smugglers . Yesterday , it was alleged that a trafficker on one boat threw a migrant overboard after he died from asphyxiation in the hold of the vessel . Witnesses said his body was attacked by sharks who had been following the boat . The suspected people smuggler , from Guinea , was arrested in Sicily after being rescued along with his 110 passengers , and it is thought he will also face manslaughter charges . In February , more than 300 people drowned while attempting the crossing in cold weather and rough seas . Saved : Rescued migrants onboard an Italian Finance Guard boat in Porto Empedocle , Sicily on April 12 . More than 170,000 migrants arrived in Italy last year after being packed on to boats by people smugglers . Calm weather : Migrants on a coast guard boat arrive at the Sicilian Porto Empedocle harbor , Italy on Monday . The Italian coast guard taking part in a rescue operation off the coast of Sicily on April 12 . More than 8,000 migrants took advantage of calm weather to cross the Mediterranean over the past weekend . The number of migrant boats trying to reach the EU from Africa has risen in recent weeks as fine weather makes the route safer . The total rescued since Friday has now reached 8,480 , from more than 40 boats . The Italian coast guard , navy ships and merchant vessels delivered migrants rescued from the boats to Italian ports throughout yesterday . A pregnant woman on board one Italian navy ship died during the journey to shore , and another pregnant migrant from Eritrea gave birth . Meanwhile , the EU 's Frontex border agency said traffickers trying to recover a boat had fired shots into the air to warn away the coastguard -- sparking concerns for the safety of rescue workers and migrants . Save the Children and other humanitarian groups have called for the EU to bolster its rescue operations before the number of boats soars in summer , as it usually does . The Italian coast guard said Monday it recovered nine bodies after a boat carrying more than 150 migrants sank off the coast Libya . The number of migrant boats trying to reach the EU from Africa has risen in recent weeks as fine weather makes the route safer . The total rescued since Friday has now reached 8,480 , from more than 40 boats . Migrants arrive at the Sicilian Porto Empedocle harbor , Italy on Monday . The total rescued since Friday has now reached 8,480 , from more than 40 boats . A migrant is wheeled to hospital in Gwardamangia in Malta after being flown to the island . The woman is believed to be Somali . Italy , which handles the largest number of migrant arrivals in the EU , has become increasingly alarmed about the breakdown of law and order in Libya , which is home to two rival governments , loosely aligned militia forces and a growing militant Islamist movement . Giovanna Di Benedetto , a Save the Children official who assisted the new arrivals , told The Times : ` A 17-year-old Nigerian whose brother was killed by Muslim fundamentalists told me he was tortured with electric shocks by traffickers because he did n't have money to travel . Many are now talking about fleeing fundamentalists . ' Dimitris Avramopoulos , the EU 's commissioner for migration , said Europe must adapt to deal with the rising numbers of migrants . ` The unprecedented influx of migrants at our borders , and in particular refugees , is unfortunately the new norm , ' he said in Brussels . More than 280,000 people entered the EU illegally last year . Many travelled from Syria , Eritrea and Somalia to Libya , and then made the perilous journey across the sea to Italy .