FIFA vice-president Jim Boyce claimed on Wednesday night that the SFA were ` entirely wrong ' in their move to ban Josh Meekings from the Scottish Cup Final . The Inverness Caley Thistle centre-half will learn on Thursday whether he has been successful in challenging the one-match suspension offered by compliance officer Tony McGlennan . Meekings was charged over the handball that thwarted a Leigh Griffiths effort in their semi-final victory - an incident which also prompted Celtic to write to the SFA seeking ` an understanding ' of why no penalty and red card followed . Inverness defender Josh Meekings ' arm blocks the ball and prevents a goal to Celtic on Sunday . Meekings has been retrospectively suspended for one match , the punishment he would have got if sent off . But Northern Irishman Boyce , who is also chairman of FIFA 's referees committee , believes the only potential punishment should be levelled at match referee Steven McLean and his assistants . ` This sets a very dangerous precedent , I am absolutely , 100 per cent against the compliance officer becoming involved because the referee 's decision is final , ' said Boyce . ` It is a totally different matter if someone has gone over the top , or committed a serious foul , or head-butted someone and the referee has missed it . ` Those are disciplinary issues . But what happened here is that the referee has made a mistake regarding a hand-ball and that 's the end of it . There is no way the player should now be disciplined for that . ` Who is to say it was even intentional ? If the Scottish FA or their referees committee decide that they feel a serious mistake was made then they could take action in the future against that referee . ` The only punishment , if any punishment at all is due , should be made if the Scottish FA feel the officials in charge of this game acted improperly and made the wrong decision . ' FIFA 's head of referees Jim Boyce says the suspension of a player for an unpunished handball is wrong . Inverness is appealing the ruling that , if upheld , will deny Meekings -LRB- right -RRB- a place in the Scottish Cup final . The SFA 's disciplinary rules provide scope for action against sending-off offences not seen by the referee , including denying the opposition a goal or an obvious goalscoring opportunity . And former compliance officer Vincent Lunny believes Meekings should brace himself to miss the showpiece against Falkirk on May 30 . ` Look at the different options -- any way you look at it , he would have missed the final , ' said Lunny . Meekings -LRB- right -RRB- celebrates Inverness 's 3-2 win over Celtic in their Scottish Cup semi-final . ` I suppose it 's natural to feel sympathetic for a player who is potentially missing out on a place in the Scottish Cup Final , which might be a once-in-a-lifetime chance . ` But if Steven McLean had seen it at the time , he 'd have been sent off and he 'd be missing the final had Inverness gone on to win ; and if he -LRB- Meekings -RRB- had n't done it , Celtic would have scored and there 's a good chance they would have gone on to win , so again Josh Meekings would have missed the final . ` I think it will be an uphill struggle , especially after -LRB- Inverness manager -RRB- John Hughes 's comments on the radio saying it was a sending-off matter . '