A billionaire tycoon wants planning authorities to grant permission for his new £ 4 million beachfront mansion which can jack itself up in the case of flooding which heats itself using the outside air in temperatures as low as -25 C. Jim Ratcliffe , founder and chairman of chemical company Ineos , has applied to planning officials in the New Forest to seek to demolish an existing beach hut and replace it with a ` carbon neutral ' mansion . The 62-year-old businessman who is based in Switzerland claims that the new house , if built , will be his only UK residence . The proposed beach house in this computer generated image would only be visible from yachts on the Solent . The high-tech planned mansion will be virtually ` carbon-zero ' and uses renewable energy such as solar power . Billionaire tycoon Jim Ratcliffe wants to build a futuristic beach house on a site he owns overlooking the Solent . The planning application claims the building will be ` climate-change proof due to its jacking system . The building has been designed by Charles Morris , who was the architect responsible for the Orchard Room at Prince Charles 's Highgrove Estate . According the document : ` The development proposals incorporate domestic-scale micro renewable energy systems , including an array of photovoltaic cells , solar hot water and an air source heat pump . ` The solar thermal hot water system provides hot water powered directly from the sun ; the photovoltaic cells will provide electrictiy to power immersion heaters to ensure that there is hot water in all weather conditions . ` The air source heat pump will draw latent heat from the air even when air temperature is as low as -25 C to heat the house via underfloor heating . ` The dwelling would be so thermally efficient and would harness so much renewable energy that it will not need a boiler . ` The dwelling has been designed to be lifted by 73 piston jacks , with with a capacity to lift 25 tonnes ; this will allow the development to respond to rising sea levels over the next 100 years , this is truly innovative and truly unique . ' Mr Ratcliffe is seeking to demolish the existing house on the site and replace it with the new mansion . The house has a revolutionary jacking system which can lift the property up in the case of flooding . The £ 4million luxury mansion will have stunning views of the Isle of Wight and is at the edge of the New Forest . Mr Ratcliffe bought the site in 2005 and has had several previous planning applications rejected . According to the plans , the house would only be visible from yachts on the Solent . His neighbours include Dire Straits lead singer Mark Knopfler and the band 's bass guitarist John Illsley who live either side of the planned development . Graham Baker of the New Forest Association told the Times : ` Mr Ratcliffe bough a beach house , a small cheaply built occasional dwelling . He wants to erect a mansion in its place . ' Mr Baker claimed the planned jacking system is not sufficiently unique to allow planners to grant the house permission . However , neighbour Frank Woodward , 89 , who lives 100 metres away from the beach house said : ` This area was flooded a few years ago so I think it 's a good idea . There used to be a much bigger house on that site . ` Mr Ratcliffe has got the money . He has to have a big house . People who are objecting have only been living here for five minutes . '