A women 's rights group has slammed a popular eatery for their latest advertising campaign which they claim objectifies women 's bodies to sell beer . The Lowenbrau Keller , in Sydney 's The Rocks , has released a social media and bus campaign featuring the slogan ` Wunderbra ' underneath a photograph of a woman in a low-cut lederhosen holding a tray of beer steins . The same campaign also features an image of two women in a similar state of dress with the caption ` Make Mein A Dubbel ' , sparking outrage from Collective Shout , who claim the advertisements reinforces sexual objectification . Scroll down for video . Campaign group Collective Shout has slammed Sydney restaurant Lowenbrau Keller for an advertising campaign they claim sexually objectifies women . The Lowenbrau Keller campaign is being used on both social media and public transport platforms . ` Through this advertising Lowenbrau reinforces sexist attitudes and invites patrons to view female staff as sexual objects , exposing them to sexual harassment , ' Melinda Liszewski , spokesperson for grassroots campaign movement Collective Shout , told Daily Mail Australia . ' -LSB- The company 's slogan -RSB- `` Live it Large '' and `` Wunderbra '' sends the message to an audience of all ages that women are to be valued for their body parts , ' Ms Liszewski said . Ms Liszewski said that the ` Make Mein A Dubbel ' advertisement also suggests that the two women shown are ` part of the menu ' . Dan Hopkirk , Marketing Director for Urban Purveyor Groups who owns the Lowenbrau Keller , said that the advertisements were meant as ` fun play-on words ' that people would be familiar with . ' -LSB- The campaign was -RSB- designed as a portrayal of the typical Bavarian cultural experience enjoyed by millions during Oktoberfest in Munich every year , synonymous with this venue , ' Mr Hopkirk said . ` The advertising slogans coupled with the imagery that has been used across the campaign , are popular anglicised German phrases which are fun play-on words , ' he said . ` The Löwenbräu Keller campaign aims to embody the traditions of Oktoberfest which is about a celebratory occasion and enjoyable time spent with friends . ' Ms Liszewski said that the Lowenbrau Keller , along with other establishments which the Urban Purveyor Group owns , including the Bavarian Bier Cafe , has a history of creating sexist and objectifying advertisements . ` A number of Lowenbrau advertisements make a direct comparison between the serving size of food and beverages and the size of women 's breasts , ' she said . Ms Liszewski said that the advertisement also suggests that the two women shown are ` part of the menu ' This images was tweeted from the restaurant 's official Twitter account and posted to their Facebook page with the caption ` Is anybody suddenly thirsty ? ' The advertisements have garnered criticism from social media users who expressed their outrage over the allegedly objectifying images . ` This is explicitly spelt out via an ad on social media `` Bigger is better - do n't you agree ? We 've got big biers , big meals and big ... fun . #beer '' and reinforced by outdoor advertisements . ' The image , which shows a woman 's chest next to steins of beer , was tweeted from the restaurant 's official Twitter account , and was also posted to their Facebook page with the caption ` Is anyone else suddenly thirsty for a bier ? ' . The advertisements have garnered criticism from social media users who expressed their outrage over the allegedly objectifying images . ` Wie Sexistisch . If that is the attitude you wish have about your restaurant , then I wont be visiting it again ! Guten Tag ! ' posted one social media user after the image was posted onto the Lowenbrau Keller Facebook page . One Twitter user uploaded a photo of the current ` Wunderbra ' advertisement after spotting it on the back of a bus . ` I 'm glad these advertisers drew the line before they went tasteless , ' the social media user joked . According the Advertising Standards Board code , advertisers are prohibited from presenting men or women in a way that is sexually ` exploitative and degrading ' . However , in 2007 the Lowenbrau Keller was reported to the Board for a previous campaign which showed a man dressed in traditional Bavarian clothing staring down the front of a woman in a low-cut lederhosen who is holding two steins of beer . The Board dismissed the complaint due to the ` ambiguity ' of the claim that the man was shown to be staring at the woman 's breasts , but ruled that the advertisement emphasised the woman 's breasts and ` this did objectify the woman ' . ` I 'm glad these advertisers drew the line before they went tasteless , ' a social media user joked when he posted this image to Twitter after spotting the ad on the back of a bus . ` Viewing these advertisements it is hard to believe it is 2015 , ' said Ms Liszewski . The Lowenbrau Keller responded to the claims and said that ` the last impression we want to give is that you can come to our restaurant and stare at our waitresses ' breasts , and we have very strict house rules for anyone in our restaurant exhibitingoffensive behaviour . ' However , Ms Liszewski said that the active social media media presence the restaurant had allowed fans of the establishment to express sexually harassing comments . ` Comments posted by fans on social media demonstrate this - `` Big t*ts '' ... . `` very nice jugs '' ... `` this is what you will see on Saturday night big ass `` beers '' ca n't wait '' , ' she said . In 2013 , the Urban Purveyor Group released an ad for Oktoberfest , which is held in both the Lowenbrau Keller and the Bavarian Bier Cafe each year . The clip depicts ` Bavarian beauties training for Oktoberfest ' , clad in short shorts and crop tops as they run along the beach and the camera pans up and down the women 's bodies . ` Viewing these advertisements it is hard to believe it is 2015 . There is a growing awareness in the community that sexual objectification and sexist attitudes underpin the epidemic of violence against women in Australia , ' Ms Liszewski said . Ms Liszewski said that the active social media media presence the restaurant had allowed fans of the establishment to express sexually harassing comments . The Advertising Standards Board advised that the Bavarian Bier Cafe removed the above ad after it was slammed for sexually objectifying women and comparing them to pieces of meat . ` The Urban Purveyor Group and associated restaurants need to get out of the dark ages and start treating women and girls with the respect they deserve . ' Last year , the Bavarian Bier Cafe was forced to remove their campaign advertising their new range of ribs , after the ads were attacked for objectifying women . The Advertising Standards Board advised that the Cafe removed the ads , which depicted a fully clothed man with two women in low cut dresses on either side , in front of a rack of ribs with the slogan ` We 've got the best racks ' . The cafe claimed that for every serving of the ribs sold , the company would donate $ 1 to Treasure Chest Charity , a group which raises money for breast reconstruction for women who have suffered through breast cancer . ` Women are literally being referred to as a piece of meat , ' Ms Liszewski said . ` The ad is inviting us to judge women by the quality of their breasts . It 's bad enough that there is an opinion in the general community that this is what women are worth , but to link it to a breast cancer charity is just another layer of objectification . '