A Russian-language version of Apple 's personal assistant Siri has been caught giving apparently homophobic responses to questions about gay people . A man called Alex posted a video on YouTube in which he asked the programme on his iPad a series of questions about gay marriage , where to find gay club and how to register a gay marriage in the UK . Purporting to be filming in London , he tells the camera : ` I was quite excited to learn that Siri has become available in Russian . Alex got this response when he asked the Russian-language version of ` Siri , gay clubs around me ? ' His iPad version of the Apple personal assistant told him of swearing when he asked how he could register a gay marriage in England . ` However , in Russian it turns out to be quite homophobic . ' He asks Siri in Russian ` Is gay marriage normal ? ' and gets the response : ` I believe this emotion should be considered negative . ' To the question ` How do you register a gay marriage in England ? ' Siri replies ` So , now you 're swearing obscenities and you 're going to eat with these very hands ! ' The same query also gets the response ` I will pretend I did n't hear that ' , while the Apple user is told ` Alex , you are so rude ! ' in reply to the question ` Siri , tell me about gay marriage ' . He also asks ` Siri , gay clubs around me ? ' and is told ` I would have turned red if I could ' . Alex says at the end of the nearly two minute clip : ` This is happening in London . That is why I have a few questions for Apple as a company . ` Why is its Russian Siri so homophobic ? ' Alex says in the video : ` This is happening in London . That is why I have a few questions for Apple as a company . Why is its Russian Siri so homophobic ? ' A version of Siri on the Apple iPhone 4S . The company has said the responses to Alex 's questions were down to a ` bug ' which it has now fixed . Gay rights are a delicate topic in Russia since a law banning ` gay propaganda ' was passed in 2013 , effectively prohibiting the showing of ` non-traditional ' or homosexual relationships in any form to people under the age of 18 . Apple CEO Tim Cook came out as gay last October . He has since condemned discrimination on a number of occasions , speaking out against anti-gay laws in a number of US states . Last November , a tribute to Steve Jobs was removed from a college campus in St Petersburg after Mr Cook 's announcement . When the English version of Siri launched there were complaints about some of its responses , which included refusing to look up the locations of local abortion clinics . MailOnline has approached Apple for comment . It has been reported elsewhere that the company has put Siri 's responses down to a ` bug ' which has now been fixed .