Amanda Knox has said she will work to overturn miscarriages of justice after being sensationally cleared of the murder of Meredith Kercher . Knox said she would lobby on behalf of other innocent people who were jailed ` because I know how a wrongful conviction can destroy one 's life . ' The American , known as Foxy Knoxy , and former boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito served four years for the 2007 murder of the 21-year-old exchange student . Scroll down for video . Cleared : Amanda Knox is pledging to work for others who claim to have suffered miscarriages of justice . They were freed on appeal in 2011 and Knox immediately returned to the US where she rebuilt her life finding love with ex school friend Colin Sutherland . Then last year an appeal court overturned their acquittal finding the pair guilty of the murder again . Victim : Meredith Kercher was killed while in her bed in Perugia in 2007 . In a shocking twist Italy 's highest court last week conclusively cleared the former couple . A third man Rudy Guede is serving a 16 year sentence for the murder . In an open letter to the Seattle Times , Knox said she was ` relieved and grateful ' that the court had found her innocent . She said she felt ` lucky ' to have had the support of those belief ` helped me survive when I was at my most vulnerable and almost entirely lost . ' She only survived the seven year ordeal she said ` because my dear family gave up their lives to be with me in Italy , because scores of friends donated their resources , because my lawyers worked tirelessly to bring attention to the evidence that exonerated me , because strangers -- from world-renowned DNA experts to former FBI crime-scene investigators to everyday citizens -- saw the injustice in my case and spoke out . ' Because of this she said she felt compelled to ` give back ' . She said : ` I am all too aware of how lucky I am to have received such strong support . I am also aware that countless other wrongfully convicted persons do not have such support . I will work to give a voice to those individuals . I will do this because I know how a wrongful conviction can destroy one 's life . ' Knox - who was reportedly paid £ 2.7 million -LRB- $ 4million -RRB- for her 2013 book Waiting to Be Heard - could be in line for millions in compensation for time wrongly spent in prison . It is thought the amount could reach seven figures . Suspects : Amanda Knox and then boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito kissing shortly after Meredith 's death . Rudy Guede -LRB- right -RRB- is serving a 16 year sentence for the murder . She has already vowed to return to Italy and it is understood that she will write about the country 's judicial system while she is there .