It 's amazing what a bit of make-up can do . In a startling new tutorial YouTube star Promise Tamang turns herself into Maleficent , Angelina Jolie 's character from the movie of the same name . But where the mother-of-six wore cheek prosthetics to achieve the unnaturally sharp cheekbones , Promise 's bone structure is a result of clever contouring . Scroll down for video . In a new Youtube tutorial Promise Tamang has turned herself into Maleficent , Angelina Jolie 's character from the upcoming movie of the same name . This is n't the first time she has transformed herself into a Disney character though . Promise has previously made videos of herself as Elsa from Frozen and Princess Jasmine from Aladdin . When she posted a picture taken from the tutorial to Instagram many of her followers could n't believe their eyes . One commented : ` this girl is RIDICULOUSLY TALENTED ! She can make herself look like anyone with her makeup shading including lips ! Crazy . ' On the video she reveals her step-by-step process beginning with a thick all-over pale foundation . Over the top of that she sucked in her cheeks to begin the contouring technique made famous by Kim Kardashian . But while the reality star makes sure her maquillage is properly blended , Promise shows how she draws a sharp line diagonally along the length of her cheekbones to create the character 's highly chiselled bone structure . In the four minute film Promise takes her followers through the steps to transform herself into Maleficent . Here promise is seen heavily contouring her face having applied heavy eyebrows and a pale base . To highlight them even more , she added another layer of even paler make-up to the tops of her cheekbones and under her eyes . Next came perfectly applied berry lipstick and long black eyelashes applied with tweezers . The finished result is uncannny as she dons a latex headdress with horns just like Jolie 's own in the retelling of the classic Sleeping Beauty fairy tale . One commenter wrote : ` Your -LSB- sic -RSB- amazing at what you do . Promise has been posting YouTube make-up tutorials for six years now having started her channel in 2009 and now has 2.8 million subscribers . On her YouTube profile she writes : ` I use make-up to transform myself into famous celebrities and characters . ` It started out as a hobby 4 years ago and now I am here using this awesome platform to teach and entertain millions around the world . ' Promise colours her lips in before adding a Mac lipstick on top - the make-up brand created a collection inspired by the film . Promise uses a pair of tweezers to place false eyelashes onto her eyelid . Her Facebook page states : ` I am not a professional make-up artist nor did take any lessons in it . I am purely self taught ! ' Along with Disney princesses , she 's also transformed herself into the likes of Drake , Johnny Depp and Michael Jackson . In the four minute video Promise talks her viewers through the steps that she took to get her Maleficent look . She uses many products from Mac 's Maleficent collection including the eye shadows and eyelashes . Here we look back at some of her other amazing looks ... In another look Promise transformed herself into Elsa -LRB- left -RRB- and Anna -LRB- right -RRB- from the film Frozen . In this brilliant transformation Promise has turned herself into the rap artist Drake . Here Promise holds a bow and arrow as she tries her hand at being Merida from the film brave . Promise is Princess Esmeralda got this look , when doing her transformations Promise also buys outfits to complete the look . Promise attached facial hair to her chin for this look which saw her become the actor Johnny Depp . With her dark hair and pretty make-up Promise looks just like the character Princess Jasmine from the film Alladin .