A university student attacked by a serial rapist confronted him in court yesterday to say he had taken away ` every piece of joy ' in her life . Jessica Howard , 23 , denounced ` night stalker ' Clive Howard , 57 , for his string of assaults on six women over 28 years . She told him that the catastrophic impact of his attack could never be put into words and has destroyed her life . Clive Howard , 57 , -LRB- left -RRB- dubbed ` every woman 's living nightmare ' , was today jailed for life and one of his victim 's , Jessica Howard , 23 , -LRB- right -RRB- who has bravely waived her right to anonymity . Waiving her right to anonymity , the student -- who is not related to the rapist -- said he had ` humiliated ' her and ruined precious relationships with those closest to her . ` You have made it impossible for me to enjoy moments of happiness . Your attack literally darkens every piece of joy I have , ' she told him . ` Because of you , my body is now worthless to me . You took away all of my control , took away all meaning to my body other than an inanimate object with no worth . ' The dramatic confrontation came as Howard was jailed for a minimum of ten years and three months after admitting seven rapes , one attempted rape and three kidnappings . Described as ` every woman 's living nightmare ' , he prowled the streets of Cambridge and Norwich looking for victims . The mechanic , a father-of-six who lives with his parents in Battisford , Suffolk , picked up some in his Volvo estate and pounced on others in parks . Yesterday detectives revealed 15 other women have come forward since Howard appeared in court last year to say he also attacked them . Norwich Crown Court heard that Miss Howard was picked up by the rapist after a night out in Norwich last May . He drove her to an isolated car park and raped her . She managed to stagger away half-naked and was rescued by a taxi driver who drove her to a friend . Police discovered CCTV footage which captured images of his car after the attack and driving around Norwich city centre earlier in the evening . A CCTV image of Howard ` scar as he prowled the streets of Norwich on the night he raped Jessica Howard . Howard -LRB- his car is seen far right in this CCTV -RRB- admitted seven counts of rape , three of kidnap and one of attempted rape at an earlier hearing . Separately , a DNA sample matched the unsolved case of a woman who was the victim of an attempted rape in Cambridge almost exactly one year earlier . The woman , aged in her 30s , managed to scratch Howard as she fought him off , trapping vital forensic evidence under her fingernails . It later emerged he had tried to force another woman into his car on the same night and two other women in the city three months earlier . As their investigation widened , police traced a woman who told them Howard had raped her at least six times in Suffolk , starting in 1986 . Miss Howard , who is originally from Essex and is studying history of art and literature at the University of East Anglia , sat just yards from Howard as she addressed him . Reading an open letter , she said : ` To describe the ramifications of you raping me is impossible . I can not put the full extent into words . I trusted you to take me home . Still , I blame myself for being raped , for getting into your car . ` I had to see my mother 's face as she looked at her only daughter after she had been violated in the worst possible way . ' The car park where Howard took Miss Howard to rape her after picking her up and offering her a lift home . Miss Howard was able to describe his Volvo -LRB- pictured -RRB- to police , who traced him to an address in Suffolk . She added : ` On top of this you have ruined my relationships with friends and family . Friends who do not know how to react have removed themselves from my life . Some ignore it as if it does n't matter . ` How am I supposed to enter into a happy relationship , to have a happy life with the stigma of what you have done tormenting me ? How am I meant to have a family if I always remember what you did , the sickening belief still stirring in my stomach that it was my fault . ' Sentencing him , Judge Stephen Holt described Miss Howard 's statement as ` heart-rending ' and said the ` effect you had on her life is devastating ' . He added : ` This was a campaign of sexual offences for many years . You did severe psychological harm to your victims . Two describe you spanking them -- this is additional humiliation and degradation . There was clearly a significant degree of planning and targeting . ' Outside court , Detective Sergeant Chris Burgess described Howard as a ` dangerous predatory loner ' who frequented dating websites and used prostitutes . He said : ` There is concern there are further victims out there and we would encourage anybody who believes they were attacked by him to come forward . '