Ricky Ricardo Chiles III -LRB- pictured -RRB- , who was suspected of fatally shooting two people , shot himself with his gun on Thursday morning . A man suspected of fatally shooting two people at the scene of a traffic accident that killed his nephew has taken his own life , according to police . Ricky Ricardo Chiles III , 27 , killed himself with a single shot as police closed in on him at the Presidential Inn & Suites in Lyon , Illinois on Thursday around 9 am , said Milwaukee Police Chief Edward Flynn . Since Tuesday , police were looking for Chiles III in connection to the killing 40-year-old Archie Brown Jr and 15-year-old Rasheed Chiles . Brown struck and killed the gunman 's two-year-old nephew Damani Terry after he darted into the street in front of Brown 's van , authorities said . Damani 's brother , Rasheed and also the nephew of Chiles III , was struck by the gunfire at the scene of the accident . He later died at a hospital . Police believe Chiles III decided to exact revenge and took the law into his own hands . ` This sad example is what we get when we have folks who decide it 's their responsibility to use their guns to redress their grievances , ' said Flynn . On Wednesday around 7.30 pm , Flynn said Milwaukee police obtained a warrant on for the arrest of Chiles III in connection to Sunday 's shootings . He was with his girlfriend at the motel on Thursday , who has not been identified , and who was uninjured in the incident . Police said it is not clear if she will face any charges , according to the Journal Sentinel . Scroll down for video . Archie Brown Jr -LRB- left -RRB- struck and killed two-year-old Damani Terry -LRB- right -RRB- who ran in front of his van in Milwaukee , Wisconsin on Sunday evening . While at the scene an unidentified gunman shot Brown and Damani 's 15-year-old brother , Rasheed Chiles -LRB- right -RRB- . After being released from prison in August 2013 for serving a two year-conviction for a 2011 bank robbery where he was the getaway driver , Chiles III was on extended supervision at the time of the shooting on Sunday . He was also prohibited from possessing firearms . Chiles III had a previous criminal history which included convictions of disorderly conduct , resisting an officer and fourth-degree sexual assault . Police Captain Timothy Heier said the car accident occurred at 5.10 pm on Sunday after little Damani ran into the street in a residential neighborhood on the 4600 block of North 48th Street in Milwaukee . Witnesses said on Sunday that Damani and Rasheed had been attending a birthday party when the accident and shootings took place . According to reports , Rasheed had brought his toddler brother to a house party Sunday , but the little boy got out of the house and darted into the street . When Damani was run over , Rasheed rushed outside to his aid , at which point someone opened fire . The teen was struck in the shoulder and later died during surgery . Quinetta Briton , center , the wife of Archie Brown Jr , is hugged by nephew Dramante Freeman , during a memorial for Brown and other victims in Wisconsin on Wednesday . Brown Jr , a father of four , was struck in the head by a bullet and died at the scene near a park on Milwaukee 's near northwest side before officers arrived . Rasheed , who was caught in the crossfire , was hit in the shoulder and was taken to a hospital , where he died during surgery , according to police . The Milwaukee County Medical Examiner 's Office confirmed in a statement late on Monday that Damani and Rasheed were brothers . A police statement said Brown Jr was distraught about hitting the child and stopped right away , according to witnesses . Mayor Tom Barrett called the shooting of Brown an ` assassination ' during an earlier emotional press conference . ` Someone got angry , ' Barrett said . ` Someone took a gun and basically assassinated this gentleman . ' Milwaukee Police Chief Edward Flynn speaks to reporters on Thursday providing details related to Chiles III 's suicide on Thursday morning . Above , the scene of a car accident in Milwaukee , Wilconsin on Sunday . Police saud they had obtained a warrant on Wednesday night for the arrest of Chiles III in connection with Sunday 's shooting . A local alderman suggested that the shooting was carried out in revenge of the child 's death . Following Thursday morning 's incident , Brown 's father , Archie Brown Sr , said Chiles III cheated himself out of being judged by a man 's system where he would be incarcerated . ` He he took a way out that put him in a worse situation because now he went to meet his maker to answer for his crimes , ' Brown Sr told the Journal Sentinel . On Wednesday , a vigil was held for Brown Jr as his wife as well as family and friends attended . Following the shooting , Barbara Sprewer , a witness , said she saw Damani looking around before crossing the street , apparently heading for some girls dancing in the nearby park . She saw the van approach , and estimated it was going 25 to 30mph . Archie Brown Sr , identified his son , father-of-four Archie Brown Jr , as the driver who was shot in the head and killed at the scene . ` Nobody was watching the baby , ' she said . After the child was hit , she saw the driver get out . She said she heard shots but did not see who shot him or Rasheed . ` I feel helpless . I feel numb , ' she said . ` I saw them alive , and I saw them deceased . I 've been reliving this since I woke up . ' Bob May , 68 , another next-door neighbor , said he heard five gunshots as he was washing dishes and thought at first it was firecrackers going off in the park . He said he looked out to see the van with its door open and people talking on phones . May said his neighbors had moved in about six months earlier and he did not know them . Brown Sr said his son , a real estate entrepreneur and landlord , was a great father to his four daughters , including a six-month-old baby . ` He liked to laugh . He took good care of his children . He was an excellent father to his children , ' Brown Sr said . Brown Jr 's half brother Riles Rilley also spoke with the Journal Sentinel and said that the 40-year-old was the co-owner of Seven West nightclub . ` Just a good person all around . Never had any enemies . Always looking to do the right thing , ' he said . The shootings are among a climbing number of violent deaths in Milwaukee this year . The city has counted 43 homicide victims so far this year , compared with 14 at the same point last year . ` There just seems to be a sensibility among a segment of the community that committing acts of violence in support of one 's reputation to get revenge for a perceived slight , or for a perceived business dispute over illegal drugs , or to exact revenge is somehow approved , ' said Flynn . ` And in that set of circumstances there 's going to be not only tragedies , there 's going to be dreadful mistakes . ' Chiles III was with his girlfriend at the Presidential Inn and Suites Motel -LRB- file photo above -RRB- in Lyon , Illinois when police closed in on him . Authorities said it is not yet known whether she will face charges in connection to the incident .