Two small boys , ages 5 and 3 , drowned after the child-sized all-terrain vehicle -LRB- ATV -RRB- they were riding crashed into a pond in a rural area of Northern California . The California Highway Patrol says the boys died Sunday afternoon despite the father of one of the kids jumping into the water and pulling both children to shore . Investigators say the 5-year-old , identified as Blake Cronkhite , was driving the 50cc ATV , and his younger friend , Jayden Secrest , was on the back . Scroll down for video . Too young : Blake Cronkhite , 5 -LRB- left -RRB- , and Jayden Secrest , 3 -LRB- right -RRB- , drowned when their kid-size ATV plunged into large pond in Northern California . Crash : The boys were riding this kid-size 50cc ATV , with Blake at the wheel and Jayden on the back . Watery grave : the 5-year-old lost control of the vehicle and the ATV plunged into this large pond . CHP Officer David Martinez said Monday that the agency 's investigation has focused on how the boys ended up in the pond and how well adults were supervising them while riding . The Sacramento Bee reports that the incident on private property near Auburn is listed as an accident and nobody has been cited or arrested . The accident took place in the driveway of the Cronkhite family 's home in the 5100 block of Wise Road in rural Placer County as the children 's fathers , William Secrest and Brandon Cronkhite , were doing yard work together . According to CHP , Blake and Jayden hopped on a small ATV , which had been brought to the house by a friend , and rode to a nearby pond , where the 5-year-old driver lost control and plunged into the water . Both boys were wearing helmets at the time . At one point , the parents noticed the absence of the boys and when looking for them . Then , a relative spotted a helmet bobbing in the water , prompting Brandon Cronkhite to race to the pond to try and save the children . After carrying Jayden and Blake to shore , Mr Cronkhite proceeded to perform CPR on them . Paramedics who arrived on the scene a short time later also made efforts to revive the unresponsive children . Rescue attempt : Blake 's father , Brandon Cronkhite -LRB- left -RRB- , jumped into the pond and brought the children ashore but could not revive them . Two helicopters transported the toddlers to UC Davis Medical Center , where they were pronounced dead in the span on an hour . In California , young children are permitted to ride ATVs on private property , so long as they have the proper supervision . Despite his tender age , Jayden Secrest was accustomed to being around vehicles . His father , William Secrest , is a member of Vagos Motorcycle club , and his Facebook albums are filled with photos of the toddler and his young cousins and friends zipping around on kid-sized dirt bikes and small ATVs . The CHP told the station KCRA they will investigate the incident , but it will be up to the district attorney to determine whether the parents will face charges . Mr Secrest expressed his anguish in a heartbreaking status update a day after the tragedy . Blake -LRB- left and right -RRB- and Jayden had helmets on at the time of the crash . The two young friends were airlifted to a hospital , where they died Sunday night . ` I want to die and ca n't even describe the pain and emotions I 'm feeling or the demons I 'm fighting so I do n't do anything stupid , but my life has crumbled so bad that I do n't know what will happen , ' the grieving dad lamented . The two bereaved families have set up donation pages , one for Blake and one for Jayden , to help them with the final expenses . Heritage Church is also accepting donations on behalf of the Cronkhites and the Secrests .