Kingsley Burrell , 29 , died in police custody on March 31 2011 , four days after he was arrested and sectioned in Birmingham city centre . A mentally ill father-of-three who died in police custody was handcuffed for six hours , wet himself after being denied access to a toilet , and was repeatedly punched by officers , it was claimed today . Kingsley Burrell , 29 , was taken into custody on March 27 2011 after calling police to say he was being threatened with a gun while out shopping in the centre of Birmingham , a court has heard . However , when CCTV showed that in fact nobody had approached him , he was sectioned under the Mental Health Act , and died four days later at the Queen Elizabeth Hospital -LRB- QE -RRB- . An inquest into his death at Birmingham Coroner 's Court heard that he was arrested in the Haymer corner shop in Winson Green while he was going swimming with his son , four , and niece . Trainee security guard Mr Burrell called police himself , saying two men had threatened to shoot him , but when they arrived he was handcuffed and taken to the QE hospital . Today , Kadisha Brown-Burrell , the victim 's sister , described the moment she saw Mr Burrell following his arrest . She said : ` When he walked out he walked over stiff . He could n't move his head , could n't move his body , could n't move his shoulders . ` Kingsley had three lumps , one on his forehead . I said to Chantelle , `` Take a picture of that '' . ` Kingsley said to me , `` I ca n't move '' . He could n't move the upper part of his body . He was barefoot and had pyjama bottoms on . ` I could see that he was really upset , saying , `` How can they put me in here knowing I was calling for help because there were a couple of guys after me ? '' ' When she and Mr Burrell 's partner Chantelle Graham returned to see him the following day , he told them he had been handcuffed for a number of hours after being taken to the hospital . Ms Brown-Burrell said : ` He said that while he was in the QE during assessment he was on the floor , and all he wanted was a glass of water . Mr Burrell was taken into custody after calling officers and claiming three men had threatened him with a machine gun . When CCTV showed that nobody had approached Mr Burrell , he was sectioned . Today an inquest into Mr Burrell 's death was told his claims that police beat him , and left him handcuffed for six hours pictured left to right , his family Janet Burrell , Lorraine Burell and Kadisha Burrell -RRB- . ` They had made him incontinent and he had wet himself . He was on the floor for five or six hours and all he wanted was water and for them to release the cuffs . ' Mr Burrell told her a police officer had offered to loosen the cuffs for him , but ` instead he tightened them ' , she told the court . Mr Burrell also told her he had been involved in a struggle in the back of the ambulance , and that three members of hospital staff had watched while police officers ` injected me into my brain ' . She said : ` When I went to see Kingsley he said the police gave him injections into the top of his head , while three mental health staff looked through a window . ' Ms Brown-Burrell described her brother , as ` calm , collected and outgoing ' , but said that he had been worried about a paternity issue with an ex-girlfriend . The woman , Charmaine Clarke , had been claiming that her son was not Mr Burrell 's , and had named the child after another man . The inquest heard that Mr Burrell had been trying to get his former partner to take a DNA test to confirm whether he was the father . Mr Burrell believed that the two men had come into the shop to threaten him over the issue , adding that the only reason he was n't shot was because he had his son with him . Mr Burrell 's sister Kadisha -LRB- front right -RRB- also told the inquest her brother 's allegations that police had left him without access to a toilet so he had wet himself . Among Mr Burrell 's other allegations , related to the court by his sister and former partner , were that police had kept him in uncomfortably tight handcuffs , and had injected him three times in the head . In a 999 call played to the jury Mr Burrell repeatedly said that ` two black youths and one Asian ' put a ` Mach 10 ' machine gun to his head , and were waiting for him outside the shop . Mr Burrell also claimed that one of the men was the leader of the Burger Bar Crew , a notorious Birmingham gang . But CCTV footage played to the court showed no sign of armed men in the shop . Instead all it showed was Mr Brown looking agitated and gesticulating wildly near the counter . Andy Gillespie , a firefighter who was one of the first on the scene , said Mr Burrell was ` very distressed ' , struggled to make eye contact was gesticulating and animated while on the phone . In a previous statement Mr Gillespie said that when he approached Mr Burrell he told him he was a ` f ****** dead man ' , adding : ` Two people are trying to kill me . I will be dead in 24 hours . ' He said Mr Burrell told him : ` I want everyone here for protection , I am a dead man . Somebody put a gun to my head , there is guys down the road , I am a dead man . ' Footage showed Mr Burrell repeatedly pressing his hands together in prayer , and Mr Gillespie said he was saying : ` Praise God , praise Allah ' . He said : ` It was almost that he felt relieved that he had n't been shot . ' Kadisha Brown-Burrell -LRB- pictured -RRB- said that on the first day she went to visit her brother in hospital , after he was arrested , he was ` walking stiff ' and could n't move the upper part of his body . Mr Burrell 's partner , Chantelle Graham , said her son , who was with Mr Burrell as he was arrested , repeated ` the black police officer hit my daddy ' after she took him home . Ms Graham told the inquest that when she went to pick up her son from a police station an officer told her Mr Burrell had ` gone berserk ' in the ambulance . The officer alleged that Mr Burrell had banged his son 's head against the wall and that he had to be restrained in order to get the boy away from him . But her son told her a black police officer had started hitting Mr Burrell , the court heard . Ms Graham said : ` Kayden just kept saying , `` The black police officer hit my daddy '' to anyone who would listen . That is what he told everyone , even at school . ' Ms Brown-Burrell also said that in the days after Mr Burrell 's death , Kayden had said , ` The naughty black policeman did that to daddy . ' The inquest also heard that Mr Burrell had been carrying a CS canister on the day he was detained , as well as claims that he was a gang member and drug dealer . The inquest continues tomorrow and is expected to last six weeks . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .