Chelsea Clinton is opening up about life in the public eye , being a new mother and whether or not she would like to see her own mother become president in a new interview . Clinton , whose mother Hillary is expected to formally announce her presidential campaign this Sunday , said it is time the United States had a female leader . ` One of our core values in this country is that we are the land of equal opportunity , but when equal has n't yet included gender , there is a fundamental challenge there that , I believe , having our first woman president -- whenever that is -- will help resolve , ' said Clinton . Scroll down for video . Chelsea Clinton is opening up about motherhood , life in the public eye and why the United States needs a female president in a new interview with Elle . Gucci Black Stretch Viscose Dress with Knot Detail . Get it now at Neiman 's . Visit site . Chelsea Clinton has come a long way from being the adolescent that grew up in front of our eyes while her dad was POTUS . Yes , Chelsea is now a mom , wife , and advocate for women . Being the daughter of two of the most influential people on the planet does n't seem to faze Chelsea . She gave a candid interview to Elle magazine this month about motherhood and talks of how her own mom should be the first female president of the United States . In between the interview she was able to take a few editorial shots in all black outfits . Her cover look is a fitted black dress with cut out detail by Gucci . We love the fitted silhouette and cut-out that takes a basic LBD to new stylish heights . You can get Chelsea 's dress now at Neiman 's for $ 1500 . Not all of our pockets are that deep for a black dress , but you are in luck . Our team has picked our favorite LBD 's that will not break the bank , but have you smiling with style . STRETCH RAYON piquÉ DRESS at Max Studio . Visit site . DO N'T PANIC MIDI DRESS THE FIFTH LABEL at Revolve . Visit site . Velvet BY GRAHAM & SPENCER at Saks . Visit site . Metaphor Women 's Fitted Knit Dress at Sears . Visit site . ` I now understand all of the enthusiastic , bombastically spectacular , wonderful things people say about their children , ' says Clinton of her daughter -LRB- Above with her family shortly after the birth -RRB- . In the interview with Elle , Clinton does not however say too much about her mother 's campaign plans , and focuses instead on the general lack of female representation in politics . ` We 've made real progress on legal protections for women , but in no way are women at parity to men in our country in the workplace , ' she explains . ` And if we look in the political sphere , it is challenging to me that women comprising 20 percent of Congress is treated as a real success . Since when did 20 percent become the definition of equality ? ' She then adds ; ` And so when you ask about the importance of having a woman president , absolutely it 's important , for , yes , symbolic reasons -- symbols are important ; it is important who and what we choose to elevate , and to celebrate . ' Clinton , who looks almost unrecognizable in the accompanying fashion spread , also talks about life with daughter Charlotte . Clinton says that though the US is the ` land of equal opportunity , ' that is not true about gender , and a female president would change that . Hillary and Chelsea Clinton in a photo taken shortly after her birth in 1980 . ` I now understand -- this is something else that Marc and I talk about all the time -- all of the enthusiastic , bombastically spectacular , wonderful things people say about their children , because we also feel and think all those things about Charlotte , ' said Clinton . And now , almost 25 years after she first hit the campaign trail as a child , Clinton seems ready to do it all over again , as the 35-year-old may once again return to the role of first daughter . Elle 's editor-in-chief Robbie Myers is certainly excited about this prospect , describing Clinton as ` innately regal ' in her editor 's letter . ` She 's a person of substance for sure , a young woman who , while measured in her manner , has a fierceness of conviction , and a calling to make the world a better place , ' says Myers . Clinton meanwhile is focused on seeing that first female president . ` Yes , we 've seen again and again , when women have been in positions of leadership , they have had different degrees of success versus their male counterparts , historically being able to build more consensus so that decisions have longer-term effects , whether in economic investments or in building social capital , ' says Clinton . ` Who sits around the table matters . And who sits at the head of the table matters , too . ' As for her mom , her big announcement is expected to come on Twitter , and from there she is off to Iowa to get to work .