A woman who was left with a broken nose after she was attacked on the street while walking her dog said she does n't believe she would have been able to fight off her violent assailant had she not learned self-defence . Clare Verrall , 31 , was out with her french bulldog Dutchy on Wednesday evening near her home in Prahran , in Melbourne , when a man jumped out at her from behind some bins . He attacked her and she was left with a black eye , broken nose and broken toe from the altercation . During the fight she kneed the man in the groin and kicked him before she fled . ` I was walking my dog about two streets down for where I live , and it 's on the way to the dog park I go to every day , ' Ms Verrall told Daily Mail Australia . Scroll down for video . Melbourne woman Clare Verrall was randomly attacked while walking her dog on Wednesday night . She was just a few streets away from her home in Prahran with her french bulldog Dutchy when a man jumped out from an apartment complex . She said kickboxing classes she had taken at the gym helped her respond to the situation confidently . ` This guy stepped out from this apartment complex and it just happened really quickly ... He just grabbed me and threw me back against the wall , ' she continued . The attacker then threatened her life , saying ` something along the lines of `` make a noise or scream and I 'll kill you '' . ' ` It all happened so quickly and I just kneed him straight in the nuts , ' Ms Verrall revealed . ` He went down and he was sort of groaning and cursing me and calling me the c-word so I just kicked him as hard as I could twice in the kidneys . ' She then grabbed her dog and ran home as fast as she could . Victoria Police confirmed to Daily Mail Australia they are still searching for Ms Verrall 's attacker , who is described as ` Caucasian , aged in his late 20s , approximately 180 cm tall with a slim build ' . He was wearing a jeans and a black hoodie at the time of the incident and officers have released an image of what they believe he looks like . Following the random attack Ms Verrall has also taken to social media to share her story of survival , and encourage other women to take part in self-defence and kickboxing classes . She was left with a broken nose , broken toe , and many other bruises and scratches . Ms Verrall has opened up about her experience and said kickboxing classes she had taken at the gym helped her defend herself . In a video posted to her Facebook page - which has so far garnered more than 735,000 views , 27,000 likes and almost 12,000 shares - the Melbourne woman opened up about the incident . ` They can try to beat you , they can try to intimidate you , they can try to make you feel like you 're nothing but women , we are all something , ' Ms Verall , who is sporting a painful-looking black eye in the footage , said . The 31-year-old continues her monologue saying she was ` blessed ' to have been able to do kickboxing and self-defence classes as it meant she was able to defend herself . ' ... I had the opportunity to use those skills and I kneed my assailant in his groin , very hard , he hit the ground very hard , and I then kicked him twice while he was down and then I grabbed my dog and I ran , ' she revealed . Ms Verrall said she believes the only reason she was able to get out of that situation is because of her training . Victoria Police have released an image of the man they believe to be a suspect , who has a distinctive neck tattoo . The Melbourne woman is determined not to let the attack deter her from going about her daily life . She joked that her pooch Dutchy was n't a very good guard dog but stayed by her side after she was attacked . ` I really really recommend anyone who has the opportunity to do either of those things -LRB- kickboxing or self-defence -RRB- , that they do them because if I had n't I do n't know where I would be now . ` Certainly it would be a lot worse than a broke nose and a broken toe , ' the Melbourne woman said . However she stressed that she was in no way an expert kickboxing but had simply taken part in some classes at her gym , which she believed saved her . ` I 'm actually a really uncoordinated person and I was always very intimidated by doing kickboxing and things like that , ' Ms Verrall told Daily Mail Australia . Kim Jackson , founder of Personal Safety Australia and former police officer , commended Ms Verrall 's response . She also said in her job as a property manager she had completed courses in self-defence , and is encouraging her staff and others in the industry to do the same . Kim Jackson , founder of Personal Safety Australia commended Ms Verrall 's response , and said ` obviously she had a really strong commitment to her safety ' . ` My belief is that people have that really strong commitment to their safety that survival instinct will kick in ' , the former police officer told Daily Mail Australia . Ms Jackson encouraged women to be aware of their surroundings and mentally checking anything that raises a red flag . ` But I do n't like women restricting their movements based on their fear , ' she insisted . Instead the Personal Safety Australia founder encouraged not only women but also men to ` put in place practical strategies and be aware of when they feel safe . ' ` I run at night by myself and I feel very safe doing that , ' Ms Jackson said . ` Let your feelings of safety guide what you do . ' Ms Verrall echoed these sentiments saying although the attack left her shaken , she was n't going to let it get in her way . ` At the end of the day you ca n't be afraid and I 'm not going to let this incident stop me from enjoying my life , ' she said . ` Will I be more cautious ? Yes . ' -LRB- But -RRB- I 'm not going to live in fear because of one guy . ` At the end of the day you ca n't be afraid and I 'm not going to let this incident stop me from enjoying my life , ' Ms Verrall insisted . Anyone with any information is urged to contact Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000 or submit a confidential crime report at www.crimestoppersvic.com.au .