A Chinese court has jailed a 71-year-old journalist for seven years for leaking a government document warning against the ` dangers ' of a free press . Gao Yu - named one of the International Press Institute 's 50 ` world press heroes ' in 2000 - ` illegally provided state secrets to foreigners ' , Beijing 's No. 3 Intermediate People 's Court said on a verified social media account today . The ruling stated Gao had leaked a 2013 directive by the ruling Communist party named ` Document number 9 ' to a Hong Kong media outlet . Gao Yu , 71 , has been jailed for seven years for ` illegally providing state secrets to foreigners ' in the shape of a government document warning against the ` dangers ' of press freedom to a Hong Kong media outlet . Chinese police push away journalists waiting outside Beijing 's No. 3 Intermediate People 's Court for today 's verdict in Gao Yu 's case . China 's current President Xi Jinping has overseen a harsh crackdown against critics of the ruling Communist Party , with scores of journalists , lawyers and academics detained and dozens jailed . The document warns of the ` dangers ' of multiparty democracy , independent media , ` universal ' definitions of human rights and criticism of the party 's historical record , according to copies widely circulated online . ` We are very disappointed with this verdict , ' said Shang Baojun , one of her lawyers , who argued in court that a ` confession ' from Gao had been extracted after threats were made against her son . Gao is ` the victim of vaguely worded and arbitrary state-secret laws that are used against activists as part of the authorities ' attack on freedom of expression , ' said William Nee , a researcher for Britain-based Amnesty International . Known for her outspoken support for democracy and press freedom , Gao went missing last April and resurfaced on China 's state broadcaster a month later admitting she had made a ` mistake ' . Shang said the main evidence presented at Gao 's trial in November was a ` confession ' she made after police threatened the journalist 's son , who they had also detained . He added that after the verdict was read out Gao stated in a ` strong voice ' that she would appeal , but was not allowed to make any further statement . The court denied the defence access to documents used to convict her , the lawyer said . The septuagenarian suffers from high blood pressure and Shang added he was ` very worried ' about her health . Chinese courts are tightly controlled by the ruling party and more than 99 percent of defendants are convicted , with appeals rarely successful . Police and security staff pushed foreign journalists hoping to cover the verdict more than 100 metres away from the courthouse , and bundled a Chinese individual into a police vehicle . Police take down the details of journalists outside the court where Gu 's trial was held . Reporters were pushed more than 100 metres away from the courthouse . The Beijing No. 3 Intermediate People 's Court . One of Gao Yu 's lawyers , Shang Baojun , claimed her client 's TV ` confession ' was made after police threatened her son , who they had also detained . China 's current President Xi Jinping has overseen a harsh crackdown against critics of the ruling Communist Party , with scores of journalists , lawyers and academics detained and dozens jailed . The country 's definition of ` state secrets ' is notoriously broad , taking in the number of people executed each year , information about pollution and databases listing commercial companies . A consistent advocate for democracy and free speech , Gao was imprisoned following the government crackdown on student protests in Tiananmen Square in 1989 . Her political writings saw her jailed for six years in the 1990s , also on a charge of ` leaking state secrets ' . She was detained again in the lead-up to the Tiananmen crackdown 's 25th anniversary last year , as were dozens of other government critics , and her one-day trial was conducted in secret . Prosecutors said that a researcher affiliated with China 's agriculture ministry gave Gao a copy of ` Document number 9 ' in 2013 , according to a copy of the verdict posted online by friends of Gao and confirmed to AFP by Shang . The prosecution said she had used the online telecommunications tool Skype to transfer the document to Ho Pin , head of Hong Kong-based publishing house Mirror Books , one of many outlets which has released the text in the last two years . A truck is buried in by protesters as it makes its way through the crowds in Tiananmen Square , Beijing , at a pro-democracy rally in May 1989 . Gao was imprisoned after the government crackdown which followed . Gao Yu is one of a number of prominent Chinese dissidents who have been detained , exiled or kept under house arrest in recent years . Mirror Books denied receiving the document from Gao in a statement posted online Friday . ` This so-called ` secret document ' is not concerned with military secrets , or even economic secrets . It is a mere guide to ideology , ' it added . The US said last year it was ` deeply concerned ' by the criminal proceedings against Gao . Her arrest ` was part of an effort to intimidate and silence journalists and activists ' ahead of the Tiananmen anniversary , the US chapter of free speech group PEN International said in a statement . The verdict was ` another blow to free expression and press freedom in China ' , it added . Beijing 's foreign ministry spokesman Hong Lei said the case had been handled ` in accordance with the law ' . ` This is a matter of China 's internal sovereignty , ' he told reporters . Ahead of the ruling , France-based Reporters Without Borders said it would be a gauge of ` how far the Chinese authorities are ready to go in order to suppress those who speak with an independent voice ' . The group ranked China 176th out of 180 countries in its 2015 Press Freedom Index .