A cat has laid a claim to having the loudest purr in the world because she makes noises as loud as a Tube train . 12-year-old Bluey has a growl which is louder than most cats can miaow , and has reached a maximum of 93 decibels - more than the official world record holder . Despite her fearsome sound , Bluey is said to be gentle and loving , and is currently in a rehoming centre in Cambridge looking for a new owner . Scroll down for video . Noisy : Bluey the cat could have the loudest purr in the world , according to staff at a rehoming centre . Claire Thomas , from the Blue Cross charity , said : ` We 've never had a cat in our care with a purr as loud as Bluey 's . ` We thought it would be fun to see just how loud it is so we recorded it and it reached 93 decibels at its loudest , which is very impressive . ` Though she 's surprisingly loud she 's a lovely cat and we 'd hate for it to stop her being rehomed . ' Bluey went to the centre after her elderly owner had to go into care , and staff were shocked when they stroked her and she started growling like a dog . Measurement : The loud cat has been clocked at more than 90 decibels using a sound meter app . Homeless : Bluey is looking for a new owner and is currently living at a centre in Cambridge . Her purr , which is almost four time louder than the average cat , has been keeping other animals awake at night . Mis Thomas added : ` Bluey purrs all the time . She just has to see someone and she starts purring . She purrs when she 's playing and she purrs when she 's eating . ` We think Bluey is a little deaf but that does n't stop her enjoying life . She 's such a happy , friendly cat and she will make such a loving companion . ' The noisy cat is well above the official world record holder Smokey , who was recorded at 67.7 decibels in March 2011 , but her purr has not yet been officially certified . Contender : Bluey must now register with Guinness if she is to win the official world record . A spokesman for Guinness World Records said : ` We 're intrigued by Bluey 's talent and we would welcome an application from his owners so we can look into their claim . ` We would love to hear from them and strongly suggest they make an application for this record via our website . ' However , Bluey 's new owner may have to take precautions , as scientists say noise levels over 90 decibels can cause hearing loss over a prolonged period .