There were 72 unprovoked shark attacks around the world last year , with three people killed in Australia and South Africa . According to the International Shark Attack File , which gathers statistics on interactions between the mammals and humans , the number of worldwide unprovoked shark attacks has grown at a steady pace since 1900 , with each decade having more attacks than the previous . However , despite the worrying statistics , only a minority of sharks are any danger to humans , with Great White , Bull and Tiger sharks accounting for the vast majority of attacks . Scroll down for video . The great white shark is the most deadly of its kind , yet there by following rules and recommendations , it 's unlikely you will ever meet one . Thirteen-year-old Elio Canestri , who was attacked and killed while surfing off the coast of Reunion a week ago , was killed by an eight-foot bull shark . The young teen was reported to be surfing in an area deemed out of bounds by officials due to the high risk of sharks . Reunion has recorded seven fatal shark attacks in the past five years , more per capita than anywhere else in the world . The International Shark Attack File reports that there were 52 shark attacks in US waters in 2014 , compared to 29 in 2015 . Australia 's 11 attacks was lower than its 12.5 attacks per year average over the past ten years -LRB- 2004-2013 -RRB- and the two fatalities were in line with its 1.5 yearly average over the same time period . So are there any simple precautions that can be taken to avoid a shark attack ? And what should you do if you come into contact with one ? Bright swim gear which contrasts strongly with skin colour can attracts sharks . Do n't look like a fish . Even if you think you 're in a safe area of water , a rogue shark attack can never be ruled out . Experts warn swimmers not to wear any jewellery or items that reflect the light . As far as sharks are concerned , that flash of light could easily be the sun reflecting off fish scales . This is particularly important if swimming in choppy and unclear conditions which can make it harder for a shark to distinguish between swimmers and prey . Even brightly coloured clothing can cause trouble , as sharks see in black and white and use contrast to distinguish colour , meaning they will pick up the difference between skin and a bright swimsuit . The same can be said for sunburn , causing colour differentiation on skin . Equally , surfers can easily be confused for seals . Lounging on a surfboard in a wetsuit can give the outline of a seal from a shark 's point of view . While this is hard to avoid , try surfing in a group and stay alert to your surroundings at all times . Going on a cage dive is the best and safest way of encountering a shark . Use your common sense . It may sound ridiculously obvious , but when people want to experience the ultimate experience on the waves , common sense goes out the window . Put simply , do n't swim with shark food . Where there are fish , there could be sharks and sharks eat fish . By swimming or surfing near fishing boats or areas with sea birds feeding , you 're at increased risk of encountering a shark . George Burgess , director of the Florida Program for Shark Research , told MSNBC : ` It really comes down to common sense . We do a pretty good job here in the United States as last year there were no fatalities from shark attacks . ` What we need to do is avoid where sharks are at present . ' Try to avoid swimming or surfing near the exits of sewage pipes , the waste released will attract fish , which in turn will attract their predators . It can seem a good idea to take a romantic swim at sunset , but it is actually harder for sharks to spot the difference between humans and prey in darker conditions . Swim in good weather - and during the day . It is easy to think that evening swim from the beach is a romantic way to enjoy your surroundings undisturbed , but dark conditions make it hard for sharks to distinguish swimmers form their prey . The same can be said for murky water and foggy weather . These conditions impair a shark 's vision and also a swimmer 's making it harder for them to observe their surroundings and stay safe . 1 . Always swim in a group . Sharks most often attack lone individuals . 2 . Do n't wander too far from shore . Doing so isolates you and places you away from assistance . 3 . Avoid the water at night , dawn , or dusk . Many sharks are most active at these times and are better able to find you than you are to see them . 4 . Do n't enter the water if bleeding . Sharks can smell and taste blood , and trace it back to its source . 5 . Do n't wear shiny jewellery . The reflected light looks like shining fish scales . AND WHAT TO DO IF YOU COME INTO CONTACT WITH A SHARK ... If attacked by a shark , the general rule is ` Do whatever it takes to get away ! ' Some people have successfully chosen to be aggressive , others passive . Some yelled underwater , others blew bubbles . Source : Florida Museum of Natural History . Know where is safe to swim . In countries where shark attacks are frequent , officials should clearly mark areas that are deemed ` safe to swim/surf ' and those that are not . Always pay heed to local knowledge , particularly on beaches in the US , Australia and South Africa , where the majority of attacks happened in 2014 . Keep in mind that single attacks also happened in Reunion , Japan , Spain , New Zealand , French Polynesia , New Caledonia , and the Galapagos Islands . When swimming in open water , avoid areas such as sand shelves and areas between sand bars , where the ground drops away into much deeper water , sharks often frequent these areas . Likewise , channels and river mouths are other areas than can be rich with food for sharks , just like sewage waste pipes , so stay away . It is important for swimmers and surfers to be clued on where is safe to take to the water -LRB- file photo -RRB- . Swim in groups . Swim and surf with friends . It 's common sense for in case something goes wrong there is someone there to help , but also sharks are n't as likely to attack a group . To this end , in the unfortunate situation where you come face to face with a shark -LRB- see below -RRB- , the group can work together to enact defensive situations . Going back to back with other divers mean you can keep your eyes on the challenge from all directions and prepare to fight . Use a shark repellent . If you are a regular surfer , meaning you 're often in open water in low light and sometimes alone , it can pay off to use a shark repellent . Locals in Hawaii are increasingly placing their trust in technologies that claim to keep the predators away by sending an electric pulse through the water . One particular device , known as the Electronic Shark Defence System -LRB- ESDS -RRB- , has enjoyed massive popularity on the islands . Users strap the devices to their ankles , wetsuits or surfboards . Some are about the size of an oversized watch , others the size of a wallet . They range in price from £ 249 -LRB- $ 399 -RRB- to £ 390 -LRB- $ 649 -RRB- . Researcher Christine Ambrosino told Discovery news the pulse is an effective way to stopping a shark in its tracks . She said : ` As the shark swims toward it , it 's like punching them in the face with a cattle prod . ' It is important to swim in groups or with one other person to help look out for threats and also put off sharks from attacking . A shark begins to circle , what should you do ? There are lots of myths around what you should you if you are unlucky enough to come into contact with a shark . Sharks are said to bite out of simple curiosity ; they are known to bite anything that bobs on water just to see what it tastes like . National Geographic rubbish two of the suggested things you should do to ward off an attack ; splashing violently and playing dead are no-nos . Splashing violently will only go to attract more sharks towards you , while playing dead leads to resulting in just that - a limp body will simply encourage the shark to tuck in . Instead you should try and attack its soft spots , those being the eyes and gills . George Burgess from the International Shark Attack File said : ` I advise to be as aggressively defensive as you are able . ` Playing dead ' does not work . Pound the shark in any way possible . Try to claw at the eyes and gill openings , two very sensitive areas . ' There were only three fatalities record from unprovoked shark attacks in 2014 , two in Australia and one in South Africa . The International Shark Attack File investigated 130 incidents of alleged shark-human interaction occurring worldwide in 2014 . Upon review , 72 of these incidents represented confirmed cases of unprovoked shark attacks on humans . Of the 72 incidents of unprovoked shark attacks around the world last year , there were three fatalities . The 58 incidents not accorded unprovoked status in 2014 included 33 provoked attacks , nine interactions involving a shark biting a motorized or non-motorized vessel -LRB- ` boat attack ' -RRB- , four incidents regarded as not involving a shark -LRB- ` doubtful ' -RRB- , one case involving sinking ships or downed aircraft -LRB- ` air-sea disaster ' -RRB- , two incidents involving post-mortem bites -LRB- ` scavenge ' -RRB- , and nine cases in which data is unavailable to determine if an unprovoked shark attack occurred -LRB- ` insufficient evidence ' -RRB- . The 2014 yearly total of 72 unprovoked attacks was lower than the 75 recorded in 2013 and represents the lowest global total since 68 in 2009 . However , the number of worldwide unprovoked shark attacks has grown at a steady pace since 1900 , with each decade having more attacks than the previous . Information collected from the The International Shark Attack File -LRB- IASF -RRB- .