The family of a charity worker who drowned while volunteering to help youngsters in one of South Africa 's poorest townships have paid tribute to their ` bubbly tomboy ' . Summer Robertson from Shrewsbury died after being overpowered by fierce currents off a picturesque beach in December near Kenton-on-Sea , a small town on the country 's south-eastern coast . Miss Robertson was with three other British members of a team that had completed a 10-week charity adventure together with the Latitude youth volunteering group , at a remote camping resort . Summer Robertson , 21 , who died after drowning off the coast of South Africa , where she had been helping youngsters in one of the country 's poorest townships . Miss Robertson 's parents Sarah and John have been remembering their daughter who they described as a ` bubbly tomboy ' But she soon got into difficulties in the water and died before she was brought to shore . Another volunteer , 19-year-old Alice Barnett , from Canterbury in Kent also passed away after her body was washed up on the beach a day later . Now four months after the incident , her parents John and Sarah , who also have two sons Michael and Sam , have been remembering their daughter , who died while on a trip of a lifetime working with deprived youngsters . Her father Mr Robertson , a 51-year-old works foreman , said he spoke to his daughter on the day she died . He explained : ` I spoke to her that Thursday morning . Summer pictured volunteering in South Africa . The 21-year-old had spoken to her father John just hours before she had died . Miss Robertson , left , died alongside fellow volunteer Alice Barnett , right , after they went for a celebratory swim after finishing their volunteering course . ` She said everything was great , they had finished their work and were having a few days relaxing before they came home . ` I was due to pick her up on the Tuesday . She contacted us at least once a week and said she was living the dream . ' Her mother says she had no worries about her daughter taking part in the trip , but Mr Robertson added he did warn her to stay out of the sea , as she was not a confident swimmer . He added : ` She was only paddling in shallow waters . It 's just horribly sad . ` On the night of her death , two policemen came to the door at 11.30 , and I knew straight away . ` I knew it was either Summer or our son Sam , who was living in digs in Birmingham at the time while at university . ` As soon as they said Summer 's name , I knew something had happened . ' Miss Robertson 's death came soon after she landed her dream job as an apprentice in the parts department at Hatfield Jaguar in her hometown . Summer , fourth from left helping to deliver Christmas presents . death came just after she landed her dream job as an apprentice in the parts department at Hatfield Jaguar in her hometown . Summer , pictured as a youngster at school , left , and celebrating her birthday . Her family have now launched an appeal to raise money for Guide Dogs for the Blind as a tribute to her . And while they are heartbroken over their daughter 's death , her parents say they take great comfort from the fact that she died doing something she loved . Her mother said : ` It has motivated us to want to do something positive in her memory . ` We 've decided to take a leaf out of Summer 's book , and not take life so seriously . ` Now I do n't mind so much if the phone does n't work . There 's more to life than worrying about work and paying the mortgage . ` That 's only stuff , as Summer would say . ' The family have now launched an appeal to raise money for Guide Dogs for the Blind as a tribute to Miss Robertson . It came after £ 1,500 was donated to the appeal through a collection at her funeral . It is hoped they can raise £ 10,000 , which would allow them to name a guide dog puppy after Miss Robertson . Anybody wanting to donate to the appeal can visit the family 's Gofundme page by clicking here .