These are the shocking images of a pet owner 's squalor living conditions in Adelaide , where he raised his three cats . In what has been described as a ` confronting case of animal cruelty ' , photos were released by RSPCA South Australia which detailed how the cats at the property were in poor physical condition when they were seized by animal welfare . The resident pleaded guilty to a charge of failing to provide appropriate and adequate living conditions for his cats . These are the shocking images of a pet owner 's squalor living conditions in Adelaide , where he raised his three cats . In what has been described as a ` confronting case of animal cruelty ' , these photos were released by RSPCA South Australia on Tuesday . The RSPCA seized the owner 's cats in September and further requested to have them all surrendered in their care , The Advertiser reports . However the owner , who 's identity has not been revealed , was granted to have two of his cats returned under the RSPCA 's supervision . The animal welfare group will be caring and rehoming the third cat . The case was finalised in the Christies Beach Magistrates Court , southern Adelaide , on Tuesday . The owner was further ordered to pay $ 500 in compensation . RSPCA South Australia detailed how the cats at the property were in poor physical condition when they were seized in September . The pet owner pleaded guilty to a charge of failing to provide appropriate and adequate living conditions for his cats . The cats suffered from high-temperatures , flea-allergy dermatitis and significant respiratory issues when they were found at the property , according to the RSPCA . But this is n't an isolated case as the chief inspector of RSPCA South Australia , Andrea Lewis , told The Advertiser that in the past year they have received more than 1000 similar reports . ` Sadly , RSPCA inspectors and rescue officers are faced with conditions similar to those in this case on a regular basis , ' Ms Lewis said . ` They work incredibly hard to remove animals from these conditions , and to provide them with the care they deserve . ' Ms Lewis urged anyone with information about animal cruelty to call 1300 477 722 or report it online .