Pretty spot : Queen Victoria spent her holidays in Osborne House on the Isle of Wight . ` It is impossible to imagine a prettier spot , ' Queen Victoria said of her holiday residence , Osborne House on the Isle of Wight . It was at the beach there that she would take to the sea in her wooden bathing machine , and that all of her children learned to swim . But , however pleasing her days at Osborne House , Victoria 's journeys there were never easy . She would travel to Portsmouth by train and then by ferry to Ryde . From Ryde there was a railway line that passed not far from Osborne House but the nearest station was at Wootton , more than two miles from the property . So , in 1875 , a station was built at Whippingham , the closest point on the line to Osborne House -- just to serve the Royal residence . Accommodation was built for the stationmaster , as well as waiting rooms with toilets for both ladies and gentlemen . The building is now a five-bedroom family home , currently on the market for £ 625,000 , while the track has become a cycle path . Victoria died in 1901 and the station went into public use in 1903 . However , services ended in 1966 , after which the station was converted into a home . The current owners , retired electrician Tony Vickers , 69 , and his 70-year-old wife Sue , a retired hairdresser , are selling because they want to move to a smaller bungalow . ` We were very excited when we knew we would be able to own the station that was built for Queen Victoria , and we have maintained many of the original features and some of the fireplaces , ' says Sue . Royal connection : The home that was once a railway station built to serve the monarch . ` We are very sad to leave our unique home and its gardens , which have given us many years of pleasure . It 's been a lovely family home . ' It is thought that Queen Victoria , who , famously , would not allow herself to be conveyed at more than 40 miles per hour , would wait at Whippingham station in the room that is now used as a sitting room . Victoria , and those who visited her on the Isle of Wight , would be taken by horse and carriage from Whippingham station to Osborne House . In 1900 , Whippingham station made another piece of history , with the appointment of a stationmistress , rather than master -- almost unheard of at the time . Emily Merwood took over the role from her father-in-law . Immensely proud of being in sole charge of the station , she would dress in a white starched apron over a black dress , and would sport a straw boater hat . Spacious : The large , open-plan kitchen in the Isle of Wight property , which has five bedrooms . The part of the house now used as a sitting room used to be the station 's waiting room , while the main bedroom used to be the points room , where the signalman would pull levers to control trains on the track . Where the main platform once stood there is now a lawn that leads down to an Italian garden , with raised beds , a rockery , an orchard and a small woodland beyond . Price £ 625,000 . Location Whippingham , Isle of Wight . Bedrooms 5 . Unique features Former train station built for Queen Victoria to reach Osborne House ; sitting room that Victoria used as a waiting room ; main bedroom that used to be a points room . There are also two plum trees -LRB- naturally , they are Victoria plums , the type named after the monarch -RRB- and a quince tree . To the left of the driveway is a common meadow with wild orchids . The property is also very versatile : alongside its five bedrooms , it has four reception rooms , a conservatory , a kitchen/dining room , a utility room , three shower rooms , a family bathroom and a downstairs cloakroom . ` This is a wonderful home which holds a great deal of character and warmth , as well as its own slice of history , ' says James Shelley , sales manager at Fine & Country Isle of Wight . ` It could meet a number of needs : it could be a home to serve the requirements of two or even three generations of the same family ; a holiday home ; or a combination of the two . ` One thing is for certain here -- the choices are plenty within this amazing property , and it certainly delivers substantial levels of charm and appeal . ' Fine & Country Isle of Wight , 01983 520000 .