Given the inexorable march of the past 12 months in one direction , perhaps it is only appropriate that Rory McIlroy should spend the eve of the Masters on Wednesday with a member of the celebrated boy band of that name . But it is not lookalike Harry Styles who will carry the Northern Irishman 's bag in the par-three tournament but keen golfer Niall Horan as McIlroy looks for a little light relief before his first attempt to complete a career Grand Slam . One Direction released their debut album in 2011 , the same year McIlroy won his first major , so you could say they have mirrored each other , hit for greatest hit . Rory McIlroy watches a tee shot during a practice round prior to the start of the 2015 Masters Tournament . McIlroy alongside his caddie Caroline Wozniacki during the 2014 Par 3 Contest in Augusta . McIlroy celebrates with his Wozniacki on the 9th hole during the Par 3 contest at Augusta National Golf Club . At last year 's Masters , McIlroy piqued the interest of one or two photographers when then fiancee Caroline Wozniacki donned the caddie 's famous white boiler suit . He might find the curiosity levels are even greater this time , for One Direction are even more popular in the US than in Britain . Between them , Niall , an honorary member at Mullingar , Westmeath , and Rory might do more to stir up interest in golf among the young than any number of ` old fogey ' initiatives . ` We met in Australia at the end of last year and he was saying he had never been to The Masters , ' said McIlroy . ` I said if you 're available on the Wednesday you 're more than welcome to carry the bag . Niall 's really excited . ' Niall Horan will swap girls screams for Augusta greens as he caddies for golfer McIlroy . McIlroy hits a putt in the rain during a practice round prior to the start of the 2015 Masters Tournament . McIlroy looked more subdued than excited at his press conference yesterday , possibly because he knew what was coming . On the one hand , he feels as ready as he ever will for his tilt at history . On the other , he had to spend 30 minutes with journalists wanting to trawl over his poor record at Augusta . Here is a sample : Why is your record so bad on the par fives , Rory ? Why have you never birdied either the first or the 10th holes ? Why have you left here for the past five years with at least one 77 on your score card ? What the hell 's wrong given all the advantages offered by your length off the tee ? McIlroy walks over the Nelson Bridge with caddie J.P. Fitzgerald during a practice round . To be fair , he answered them all with politeness . After all , there was nothing there he had not analysed and dissected countless times himself . McIlroy knows better than anyone he has no chance unless he does better on the long holes . He brought up the point raised in the Sportsmail graphic from last Saturday , which compared his record on the par fives last year with that of winner Bubba Watson . ` Just look at the two par fives on the back nine on Sunday , ' he said . ` I had a nine iron in my hand for my second shot on both and I walked off with two sixes . Two fours I 'd have finished third . McIlroy waits under an umbrella during a practice round prior to the start of the 2015 Masters Tournament . ` It 's something I 've been thinking about a lot . Look at Bubba , who played them in eight-under for the week to my level par and beat me by eight shots . ` I 've just been too aggressive at times . I had four sixes on par-fives last year , so if I can clean up those , I 'll have a chance to win . ' As for those 77s , he said : ` It 's not like I 'm having a bad 18 holes . It 's always just a bad nine holes that causes the damage and it 's usually on a Friday , like last year . But I am better equipped now to handle it if things do n't go right way . Mentally , I 'm in a far better place . ' McIlroy conceded that the circus surrounding Tiger Woods 's return had not been unhelpful and the draw has worked out pretty well , too . The place you do not want to be come Thursday is in one of the last two groups , like Woods , but McIlroy has been treated kindly , with a mid-morning threesome alongside Americans Phil Mickelson and Ryan Moore . ` I do n't think I 've played alongside Phil at Augusta so that 's perfect , ' he said . ` We always get along well and he has a great record here . It will be fun to watch him . ' It was this time last week , while practising in Florida , that McIlroy pronounced himself ready to go . ` It 's been great not to have to think of anything technical while I 'm playing , ' he said . ` I 've been able to enjoy the build-up . ' Rory McIlroy waits with his caddie Fitzgerald in the rain during a practice round at Augusta National Golf Club . Asked who he saw as favourite , McIlroy went for Bubba -- ironic given a recent ESPN survey among the pros ranked Watson as the least favourite . ` I take it as I need to improve as a man , ' said Watson , with the sort of annoying comment that explains his unpopularity in the first place . As for McIlroy , he knows where he needs to improve . ` You look at this course and it should fit me perfectly from tee to green , ' he said . After One Direction on Wednesday , it 'll be his turn to generate some roars .