Jeffrey Williams , 20 , is accused of shooting and wounding the officers on during a rally on March 12 . The man accused of shooting two police officers during a demonstration in Ferguson has confessed to the crime in a series of phone calls from jail that were recorded . Jeffrey Williams , 20 , is accused of shooting and wounding the officers on March 12 , during an early-morning rally sparked by the resignation of Ferguson 's police chief . All inmates are informed their phone conversations while behind bars are recorded and can be used as evidence against them , but despite the warning Williams spoke freely about the incident in calls made from the St. Louis County Justice Center . In a conversation with his girlfriend , Williams said he was being harassed by a group of people outside Ferguson PD on the night of the shooting . ` Nobody aiming at no police , ' Williams said . ` I ran up the hill and he -LRB- an unidentified person -RRB- shot at the car . ... I shot back , ' Williams said in the recordings first obtained by KMOV-TV . In another conversation , Williams expressed concern about a possible lengthy prison sentence . ` Even though I was in the wrong , though , I should have just went the other way , ' he said . ` Oh man , now I 'm looking at 10 years . ' Prosecutors say Williams told investigators he fired a gun but was aiming at someone else . Williams ' attorney , Jerryl Christmas , has said Williams told him he never fired during the protest . Despite being warned that phone calls from prison can be used as evidence , Jeffrey Williams , 20 , spoke freely about the March 12 incident in calls made from the St. Louis County Justice Center . Christmas told The Associated Press on Wednesday morning he had n't heard the audio of the phone conversations , but he stood by what Williams told him . ` My client has maintained to me that he never fired a gun that night , ' Christmas said . ` So until I 'm able to see evidence that I can distinctly talk to him about , I have to maintain my commitment to the statements that he has made to me . ' Christmas was also critical of the justice center for releasing audio that provides potential evidence against Williams . Ferguson has been a focal point since a white police officer fatally shot 18-year-old Michael Brown , who was black and unarmed , on Aug. 9 . A grand jury in November declined to indict the former officer , Darren Wilson , who also was cleared of civil rights violations by the U.S. Department of Justice in March . Williams said he was being harassed by a group of people outside Ferguson PD and was n't aiming at the cops . He also expressed remorse . Williams ' attorney , Jerryl Christmas , has said Williams told him he never fired during the protest . But a separate DOJ report found widespread racial bias in Ferguson 's policing efforts and the municipal court system , which it said was driven by profit mostly extracted from black and low-income residents . Several city officials were fired or resigned following the report . Among those was Police Chief Tom Jackson , and his resignation led several dozen people to protest outside of police headquarters . The demonstration was about to break up when shots rang out . A St. Louis County officer was shot in the shoulder ; a Webster Groves officer was hit in the face . Both are expected to fully recover .