Despite being paraded as a prominent backer of Mr Miliband hours earlier , throughout the television debate on Thursday night she instead tweeted praise for Green Party leader Natalie Bennett . Ed Miliband faced yet more humiliation today as he lost the support of a plus-sized blogger just hours after she signed a high-profile letter backing him . Campaign chiefs had attempted to rebuff a letter from 100 business leaders that criticised the party by publishing its own message calling for a Labour government signed by people ` from all walks of life ' . But the plan quickly unravelled as it was revealed the 100 ` working people ' supporting Mr Miliband included a benefit fraudster , a boss who has used zero-hours workers , affluent students and a string of union and party activists . Today the move continued to backfire spectacularly as another of the signatories appeared to switch her allegiance to Green Party leader Natalie Bennett . Callie Thorpe was listed on the letter supporting Mr Miliband as a receptionist , but online she also describes herself as a ` plus size style and lifestyle blogger , fan of lipsticks , food , travel and self love ' . Despite being paraded as a prominent backer of Mr Miliband hours earlier , throughout the television debate on Thursday night she instead tweeted praise for Miss Bennett . She posted : ` I really like Natalie Bennett ' , before later writing : ` I honestly believe that Natalie Bennett was wonderful . ' In a further snub to Mr Miliband , who she failed to tweet about , she added : ` The female party members were incredible . ' The 25-year-old , who signed the letter saying the country needs ` a better plan for prosperity ' , has boasted on her blog about her exotic holidays . She wrote : ` Travelling the world has always been a passion of mine , especially Thailand and I thought I would share with you the best five weeks of my life hoping that I can impart some knowledge if you too , are looking to travel around Thailand or Cambodia . ' Labour leader Ed Miliband -LRB- left -RRB- has faced further embarrassment today after plus-sized blogger Callie Thorpe Right -RRB- withdrew her support of a high-profile letter backing him . The party had revealed a letter signed by 100 people ` from all walks of life ' including Ms Thorpe who describes herself as a ` plus size style and lifestyle blogger , fan of lipsticks , food , travel and self love ' She has also posted photographs of trips to Berlin , Paris and Amsterdam . She is a size 18 to 20 . The signatories of the letter supporting Mr Miliband said they were ` all working people ' . They warned about the ` proliferation of zero-hours contracts ' , which they claimed were ` letting down Britain ' and showed that ` we need a Labour Government to put working people first ' . But Labour removed the name of one of the signatories after she was exposed as Nigerian woman convicted of a £ 27,000 benefit fraud . The blogger posted during the election debate -LRB- pictured -RRB- that she ` really liked Natalie Bennett ' , before later writing : ` I honestly believe that Natalie Bennett was wonderful ' Others included 21-year-old Manchester University students John-Jo Pierce and Rory Somerville , who were pictured on their Facebook pages smoking cigars whilst dressed in black tie . Mr Pierce 's mother , who lives in a £ 1million house in Surrey , said her son had signed the letter despite knowing ` nothing about politics ' . Several of the signatories were also exposed as Labour councillors and even an ex-MP . Miss Thorpe tonight wrote on Twitter that she had signed the letter ` as a woman who grew up on a council estate with a single parent income ' . She added : ` I work x2 jobs and feel passionately about supporting the most vulnerable in our society . '