Ed Miliband lurched further to the Left yesterday with a land grab to extend state control over the property market . The Labour leader 's ` Stalinist ' plan to seize unused plots -- as well as impose rent controls -- shocked experts and investors . Property analysts said the move would take Britain back to the ` dark days of the Seventies ' . Scroll down for video . Land-Grabber : Red Ed wants councils to encourage building by raising tax on unused land . Mr Miliband wants to bring in ` use it or lose it ' powers allowing councils to encourage building by putting up taxes on undeveloped land . Sites still left idle could be compulsorily purchased for use by another developer . The announcement saw shares in housebuilders , including Barratt Developments , Persimmon and Taylor Wimpey , fall by around 2 per cent before later recovering . The Institute of Directors describes the land grab as a ` Stalinist attack on property rights ' . Last night a spokesman said : ` Developers do not generally sit on large amounts of land for long periods . Talking about compulsory purchasing is very difficult -- who makes the decisions ? ` We do n't think that a series of interventions on the demand side of the housing market are particularly helpful when the problem is we are not building enough houses . ' Pointing the way : Mr Miliband wants to bring in ` use it or lose it ' powers for councils . Andrew Percy , Tory candidate for Brigg and Goole , said : ` It is the sort of policy you might expect from Soviet Russia . ` We should encourage developers to use this land , but threatening to steal people 's land is using a stick rather than a carrot . ' Mr Miliband 's plan to link rents to inflation under new , three-year contracts came under fire too . Alan Ward , of the Residential Landlords Association , said Margaret Thatcher 's abolition of rent controls in 1988 had doubled the number of homes on the lettings market . ` Labour 's plans would take use back to the dark days of the Seventies and the Eighties which caused a shortage of decent homes to rent , ' he added . Melanie Leech , chief executive of the British Property Federation , said : ` In places like London tenants will find this policy on rents may make their budgeting harder , rather than easier . ` Their rent will tick along at CPI inflation for a couple of years and then they will face a potential sharp rise in year three when the rent returns to market . ` Ultimately what will help tenants best is more investment in housing . ` Pension funds and other institutions have billions to invest in this market -- developing places that would provide a new generation of high-quality homes that offer greater choice to renters , including the option to sign longer tenancies . ' In it together : Mr Miliband said the pledge to cut stamp duty to zero over the next three years would benefit nine out of ten people buying their first home . Richard Lambert , of the National Landlords Association , said Labour 's package would make owners less likely to risk their money in providing homes while banks would be deterred from advancing loans . In his policy package , Mr Miliband also said he wanted to ` restore the dream of home ownership ' by giving first-time buyers a stamp duty holiday on homes up to £ 300,000 in value . He said up to half of new homes would be earmarked for local residents trying to get a foot on the property ladder , while higher taxes would be imposed on foreign buyers . Mr Miliband 's housing announcements are an attempt to regain the initiative after the Tories unveiled a popular policy two weeks ago to extend the right to buy to all tenants of housing associations . The Labour leader said housing would be a late addition on his party 's election pledge card -- increasing the number of pledges from five to six . Mr Miliband said the pledge to cut stamp duty to zero over the next three years would benefit nine out of ten people buying their first home , could save up to £ 5,000 and would cost the Government £ 225million a year . Chancellor George Osborne dismissed Mr Miliband 's stamp duty pledge as a ` complete gimmick ' . Naomi Heaton , of London Central Portfolio , an asset management company , said Mr Miliband 's housing policy was ` a load of old cobblers ' . ` Labour are clearly very bad at their sums , which is why , of course , we are so worried about them running the economy , ' she said . ` The average purchase price for a first time buyer outside London is £ 137,120 , according to the Halifax . Following the new stamp duty reforms introduced by the Conservative coalition last December , the stamp duty charge for buyers at this level is just £ 242 . ` This is what the Labour policy would save -- not £ 5,000 . ' Jenny Luckitt , of campaign group Generation Rent , said : ` These policies to cut stamp duty do nothing for affordability . ` They merely stimulate demand and drive house prices even further out of reach of ordinary first-time buyers . ` Limiting this policy to the first two years of government is a gimmick that will only drive up prices as people scramble to buy before the ` holiday ' is over . ' Trump card : The Labour leader said housing would be a late addition on his party 's election pledge card -- increasing the number of pledges from five to six . David Orr , of the National Housing Federation , said : ` Slashing stamp duty could lead to even higher demand on homes for first-time buyers , pushing up prices even further out of reach , while not addressing the supply of homes we so desperately need . ' Mr Miliband dismissed the backlash , saying : ` Our proposals will be better for home owners in Britain and for companies building homes in Britain . ` We have a housing market that is frankly not working and we have government that is not unblocking the real barriers there are in the housing market . ' Mr Miliband added : ` We wo n't let those large developers just hoard land -- waiting for it to go up in value when it could be used to build homes . ` We 'll say : Either you use the land or you lose the land . '