What better way to kick off the week you get married than by settling a pressing matter at work before you relax and prepare for the big day ? That is how Andy Murray may be feeling as he looks to face Novak Djokovic in the final of the Miami Open . The British No1 marries Kim Sears in Dunblane on Saturday and , win or lose on Sunday , he will be heading straight to the airport to get back and focus on what lies ahead next weekend . Andy Murray reacts as he reaches the Miami Open final with a win over Tomas Berdych in the last four . He will face long-time rival Novak Djokovic in the final in Miami on Sunday . Murray 's fiancee Kim Sears watches on in the heat in Miami during his semi-final . He would dearly love to do so with the trophy in his luggage . For one , it would represent his biggest tournament win since taking the Wimbledon title in 2013 , irrefutable proof that he is back towards his best . Perhaps even more importantly it would end the growing dominance of Djokovic over the Scot -- and everyone else for that matter . Murray will need no reminding that he has lost nine out of his last 10 matches against the Serb , so it is a huge task . Even more remarkably , Djokovic has won his past nine finals at these Masters-level events , which are one tier down from the Grand Slams . Murray allowed himself to get befuddled by the world No1 's histrionics in the Australian Open final , and then played a plain bad match when thrashed by him in their Indian Wells semi-final last month . The 27-year-old was in clinical form as he set up a final showdown with Novak Djokovic . Murray reacts after winning the final point before shaking hands with Berdych as he heads into the final . ` I learned more in the Indian Wells match from what I did n't do , ' said Murray . ` The final in Australia did n't necessarily feel like it came down to the tennis or the tactics , but in Indian Wells there were a few things I did wrong . ' Top of that list was to lapse into his tendency to feel his way into the match , rather than come out firing on all cylinders . If Murray does that again he will lose , but he plays well here and is hugely familiar with the heavier conditions , so this should be closer . He has also played all his matches during the day , which will help with the lunchtime start -LRB- 6 pm UK -RRB- . His opponent , however , looked incredibly sharp in defusing John Isner 's big serve in the semi-final and Djokovic knows recent history is on his side . Murray is set to marry his fiancee in Dunblane next Saturday . ` It can only serve as a positive , going in with the fact I won the last six matches we played against each other , especially the most recent one , ' said Djokovic . ` It gives me confidence and maybe a slight mental advantage . But we are talking about small margins , that 's always the case when we play each other . ' One thing for sure is that the next big tournament when they face off , two players who have been rivals since before their teenage years will both be married men .