Authorities have released the name of a woman who was fatally shot when officers say she fired at them from the back of a patrol car in downtown Atlanta . The Fulton County medical examiner 's office identified the woman as 25-year-old Alexia Christian . The incident happened on Thursday afternoon near the Fulton County Courthouse in downtown Atlanta . Major Darin Schierbaum said police were investigating a call about a stolen car when the two officers saw Christian sitting inside the vehicle in a parking deck . Scroll down for video . Christian was killed by police after she allegedly opened fire on them while sitting in the back of a cop car near the Fulton County Courthouse in downtown Atlanta on Thursday . At one point Christian fired at least two shots at the officers , and they returned fire , critically wounding her . Schierbaum said Christian was taken into custody and placed in a patrol car . He said that at one point she fired at least two shots at the officers , and they returned fire , fatally wounding her . Witnesses told ajc.com , people were startled by the gunfire near the downtown intersection of Martin Luther King Jr. . Drive and Pryor Street . Tressa Madden , who was trying to cross the street at the time , said : ` We heard three shots . ` We heard three more shots and everybody ran back across the street . ' She said she saw an officer fire his weapon but could not see who it was aimed at . Another witness , Valencia Riden said she heard several shots as she approached the intersection , but was n't sure where the shots were being fired . ` We just took off running , ' she said . First responders performed CPR before an ambulance arrived , reports Channel 2 . She was taken to Grady Memorial Hospital but died from her injuries . Eyewitnesses said Christian had been handcuffed and must have somehow got one hand free to fire a gun . Schierbaum said it was unclear how she was able to fire a gun while in the patrol car and that police are investigating whether she had been handcuffed . Photos from the scene show a pair of handcuffs on the trunk of the squad car . Department spokesman Greg Lyon confirmed the two officers were n't injured . At a press conference last night , he said : ` Atlanta police commanders wanted to release information as quickly as it could be confirmed . ` We owe it to the people we serve to be as transparent as we can in these types of situations . ' Police are now looking for surveillance footage from the surrounding area . When probed for details , officials confirmed that both the woman and officers were African American . Video taken just moments after the shooting shows officers pulling Christian out of the back of the squad car after she was shot . Officers inspect a .380-caliber semi-automatic pistol found at the scene of Thursday 's fatal shooting near the Underground Atlanta precinct . Police were investigating a call about a stolen car when the two officers saw the woman sitting inside the vehicle in a parking deck and took her into custody . A red wig appears to have been left on the ground .