He played in 64 Tests as a leg-spinning all-rounder and captained Australia to world dominance in the 1950s but to millions of fans Richie Benaud , who died last night aged 84 , was the voice of cricket . The great commentator , who had been receiving treatment for skin cancer since November , began broadcasting for the BBC while still a player in 1963 and carried on until a car crash forced him out of the commentary box in 2013 . It was hoped he would still be able to commentate on the World Cup in Australia and New Zealand earlier this year but ill-health sadly ended hopes of one last masterclass . Richie Benaud was one of cricket 's great personalities and will be remembered for his dry wit and knowledge . Benaud was the voice of cricket for generations , commentating in his native Australia and for the BBC . Benaud , pictured on his wedding day to wife Daphne , and during his time as Australia captain . Benaud , quite simply , was the voice of summer , both in his native land and in England , as much for what he did not say as what he did . Always understated , Benaud knew when to let the pictures do the talking before entering our living rooms with just the right words . He took 248 Test wickets and hit 2,201 runs , with three centuries , and reclaimed the Ashes for Australia as captain before successfully defending them twice . His commentary rules should be required reading for anyone entering the commentary box today . They included these : never ask a statement ; there are no teams in the world called we or they ; avoid cliches and banalities ; remember that the Titanic was a tragedy and the Ethiopian drought a disaster and neither bears any relation to a dropped catch and , most importantly , do n't take yourself too seriously and have some fun . WATCH SHANE WARNE 'S BALL OF THE CENTURY WITH RICHIE BENAUD 'S CLASSIC UNDERSTATED COMMENTARY . BENAUD SLAMS AUSTRALIANS FOR BOWLING UNDERARM TO PREVENT NEW ZEALAND FROM SCORING FROM FINAL BALL OF 1981 MATCH . Benaud was a daring captain and became the first cricketer to score 2,000 runs and take 200 wickets in Tests . David Gower , Geoffrey Boycott and Benaud assembled a formidable line-up for the BBC in 1995 . A master with the microphone to his lips , Benaud also was well aware of the power of silence . January 1952 : Test debut against West Indies at Sydney Cricket Ground . January 1952 : First of 248 Test wickets and 2,201 Test runs . December 1958 : First Test as Australia captain , v England at Brisbane . Summer 1960 : First radio commentary for BBC . December 1963 : In his 60th Test , the first to 2,000 Test runs & 200 wickets . Summer 1963 : First television commentary for BBC . February 1964 : Final Test against South Africa at Sydney Cricket Ground . September 2005 : Final commentary in England after 42 years . In becoming one of the leading figures of Kerry Packer 's World Series revolution in the 1970s Benaud gave the fledgling breakaway group the voice of authority they required . Yet any suggestion of his being anti-establishment has long since been forgotten and the leading figures in Australian cricket and life queued up to pay tribute to arguably the most famous Aussie of them all last night . ` There would hardly be an Australian over the last 40 years who has n't listened to Richie Benaud , ' said Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott , and that could also apply to English men and women . ` He certainly will be very , very much missed . ' Today Abbott offered Benaud 's family a state funeral for him , if they wish it . Cricket Australia chairman Wally Edwards said : ` Our country has lost a national treasure . After Don Bradman , there has been no Australian player more famous or more influential than Richie Benaud . ' Benaud never lost the ability to say absolutely the right thing and that was never more in evidence than in what will go down as his last significant public words . An evocative 30 second tribute to the late Phillip Hughes was prepared for Channel Nine by Benaud when , as ever , he captured the mood perfectly . Benaud -LRB- front left -RRB- leads Australia off at Old Trafford in 1961 as England collapsed against his side 's spin . Benaud , pictured in 2006 during the launch of his book My Take on Cricket , was widely respected and loved . Benaud pays tribute to Australian media mogul and cricket pioneer Kerry Packer after his death in 2005 . ` A boy just beginning , 25 years of age , baggy green number 408 , ' read Benaud in what were still his unmistakable tones when the cricket world had to endure what really was a tragedy with the death of a young player at the SCG . ` His father 's best mate , son , brother , fighter , friend , inspiration . Phillip Hughes , forever rest in peace son . ' The whole cricketing world will be echoing those sentiments for the greatest commentator of them all . Richie Benaud , who was made an OBE in 1961 for services to cricket , left a wife of 48 years in Daphne and two children from his first marriage . He will forever set the standards for others to follow . Tributes are seen at the statue of Benaud at the Sydney Cricket Ground after his passing aged 84 . ON COMMENTATING . ` What I want most from being a television commentator is to be able to feel that , when I say something , I am talking to friends . ' ` My mantra is : put your brain into gear and if you can add to what 's on the screen then do it , otherwise shut up . ' ` The key thing was to learn the value of economy with words and to never insult the viewer by telling them what they can already see . ' ` Out in the field , you have n't got anyone whispering into your ear saying all sorts of things , you 've got to do it yourself . ' ON CAPTAINCY . ` The hallmark of a great captain is the ability to win the toss , at the right time . ' ` Captaincy is 90 per cent luck and 10 per cent skill . But do n't try it without that 10 per cent . ' ON BATTING . ` Bruce Reid is not the worst batsman there is at international level but those who are worse would not need to hire the Myer Music Bowl to hold a convention . ' ` Glenn McGrath dismissed for two , just ninety-eight runs short of his century . ' ` He 's not quite got hold of that one . If he had , it would have gone for nine . ' ON BOWLING . ` A bleeding ring finger at the end of every training session was not only normal but essential for my development as a wrist spinner . ' ` Your wrist must be cocked , but not stiffly cocked . ' ` You must always look where you want to land it . If I offered you 10,000 dollars to hit a tin can , you 'd never take your eyes off it . ' ON TWENTY20 CRICKET . ` If any form of game can pull 20,000 spectators into a game of cricket it 's great for the sport . I think it 's wonderful . ' ` As long as the people who run the game have brains and keep three forms of the game I think it will be terrific . ' ON SHANE WARNE 'S ` BALL OF THE CENTURY . ` Gatting has absolutely no idea what has happened to it . Still does n't know . ' ON 1981 's ` UNDERARM BOWLING ' SCANDAL . ` A disgraceful performance from a captain who got his sums wrong . It should never be permitted to happen again . One of the worst things I have ever seen done on a cricket field . ' MISCELLANEOUS . ` The slow-motion replay does n't show how fast the ball was really travelling . ' ` A cricket ground is a flat piece of earth with some buildings around it . ' ` He 's usually a good puller - but he could n't get it up that time . ' ` Cricket has changed for the better ... it 's because of what happened then , cricket is so strong now . '