When Adam Lyons ' story was published last week , many were stunned by his polyamorous relationship and how he gets to share his life - and his bed - with two beautiful women . Now his girlfriends Brooke Shedd , 26 , and Jane Shalakhova , 25 , have spoken out to say they are just as fortunate as the 34-year-old who hails from East London . The women say they do not ` share ' Adam but are in a ` unique ' situation where they both love him - as well as each other . Scroll down for video . Brooke , right , and Jane appeared on today 's This Morning with boyfriend Adam to explain how their polyamorous relationship works and makes them all happy . The trio appeared on today 's This Morning to set the record straight about their relationship after it caused a stir when it hit the headlines last week . ` I do n't look at it as me sharing Adam , it 's me sharing myself with Adam and Jane , ' Brooke told intrigued presenters Eamonn Holmes and Ruth Langsford . ` It 's three people who fell for each other and into this unique situation . ' Brooke has a five-year-old son , Oliver , from a previous relationship and has just had another baby , Danté , with Adam . They will raise the boys in Los Angeles with Russian-born Jane , who joined their open relationship after the three of them hit it off so well . The trio explained their open relationship to presenters Eamonn Holmes and Ruth Langsford via a video link from their home in LA . Brooke , from Texas , explained : ` We 're were n't looking to add a third person to our relationship when we met Jane , we just enjoyed going out and meeting women . But Jane fell in perfectly and it was serendipitous . ' The trio all live together and share a super king-sized bed and Brooke said there 's no jealousy between them as they are all in love . Jane agreed that if she ever feels jealousy , it 's never over Brooke spending time with Adam but because the pair are having fun without her . She explained : ` When I get jealous , it 's me jealous of missing out if I 'm at work and not physically with them , it 's my two best friends hanging out and I 'm not there . ' Adam said their relationship works because all parties knew where they stood at the outset . Jane and Brooke say they do not ` share ' Adam and are as much in love with each other as they are with him . He said : ` Brooke and I knew when we first met we were open to the possibility of having other women in our relationship . ` It 's not that I have two girlfriends , it 's that there are three of us in a relationship . ' He added : ` I get to hang out with my two best friends every day . We get questioned a lot about whether we 're intimate all together . Most of the time it is all three of us . We like to enjoy the benefits of our unique relationship . ' Adam revealed his friends and family in the UK are astounded at how he 's transformed into a charming lady 's man - as at his East London school , he was a ` loser ' once voted the least likely to get a girlfriend . The unconventional family are raising two children - Brooke and Adam 's newborn , Dante , and Brooke 's son Oliver from a previous relationship . Jane is keen to have a baby with Adam in the future too . But he said he gained in confidence after becoming a dating coach and learning techniques to help make himself more attractive . As a result , he says he 's not worried if his open relationship leads to Brooke or Jane leaving him for someone else . ` One of the cool things about the journey I have taken is I now have the confidence to meet other women if my partner moves on , so I will move on , ' he said . The trio admitted that all their families find their situation bizarre but all are supportive because they know they are so happy and in love . Jane said : ` Imagine you meet your soul mate , now multiply that by two ! It 's twice the love . ' Following the interview Eamonn joked to wife Ruth that perhaps they should consider introducing a woman into their relationship - but she told him it would never happen .