Nathaniel Clyne has been told he is England 's first choice right-back by Roy Hodgson . And the Southampton defender , who is being tracked by Manchester United and Chelsea , has fuelled talk that he could quit St Mary 's this summer by insisting he wants to play Champions League football . Clyne 's excellent displays for the Saints have thrust him into the forefront of Hodgson 's plans . Southampton defender Nathaniel Clyne poses with a WWE title belt while attending a pay-per-view event . Clyne joined Carlton Cole -LRB- left -RRB- to speak at at a Football Fighting Ebola event in London . He has started England 's previous four matches - including the Euro 2016 qualifiers against Slovenia and Lithuania . Tottenham 's Kyle Walker and Arsenal 's Calum Chambers are also in contention for England 's right-back berth - but Clyne has revealed Hodgson has told him the shirt is his as long as he keeps on performing . Speaking at the Football Fighting Ebola fundraising event in London , he said : ` Roy just said that `` You 've done ever so well since coming in . It 's like you have been playing international football for a long time . The right back spot is yours at the moment , if you can continue on '' . ` I 've settled in well with the England squad . If I keep on putting in performances and keep on improving as a player , I can hopefully make the position my own and look to make tournaments and hopefully win tournaments with England as well . ' Southampton have opened talks with Clyne , who was spotted at a WWE event in the capital on Monday night , over a new contract but face a huge fight to keep him beyond the end of the season . United are understood to be leading the race to land Clyne in the summer , but Chelsea have entered the race for his signature . The Southampton defender has been linked with a move to Chelsea and Manchester United . And the 24-year-old has openly admitted he is eager to start his Champions League career . ` I see myself hopefully playing in the Champions League and competing for titles and trophies . That 's what I 'm aiming for , ' he said . ` I 'm definitely ambitious . Every player would love to be playing Champions League and winning trophies and titles . ` That 's what you play football for , that 's the dream . ` I would say Champions League is the next step in my progression . I think I need experience playing European football . ` We 're doing well with Southampton . Hopefully we can get there . That would be great . ' Clyne attended the WWE 's London edition of their show ` Raw ' along with Crystal Palace star Wilfried Zaha on Monday night . Crystal Palace winger Wilfried Zaha poses with a WWE title belt during the event on Monday night . Clyne claims Roy Hodgson , pictured at the Manchester derby , has handed him the right-back slot . The Saints right-back has started England 's last four games , including Euro 2016 qualifier against Slovenia . People can donate at virginmoneygiving.com/FootballFightingEbola or by texting STOPEBOLA to 70030 which automatically gives £ 10 .