Louis van Gaal has found the best way to keep Manchester United fans happy is to win at home . Powering past Aston Villa was their 13th victory in 16 Premier League matches at Old Trafford and they have accumulated more points on their own territory , 40 , than anyone else . No wonder after a period of irritation earlier in the season , the Stretford End are cheering regardless of whether United play quickly , slowly , pass back to goalkeeper David de Gea or boot it up to Marouane Fellaini . Wayne Rooney -LRB- centre -RRB- scored a stunning half-volley as Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 in the Premier League on Saturday . Rooney put United 2-0 ahead on 79 minutes as he crashed home the Red Devils ' second with his right-footed strike . United 's No 10 celebrates his stunning effort at Old Trafford - his sixth goal in eight games for the club since being moved back up front . Rooney -LRB- centre right -RRB- is mobbed by his team-mates after his wonderful goal gives them a 2-0 lead against lowly Villa . Manchester United -LRB- 4-3-3 -RRB- : De Gea 6 ; Valencia 7.5 , Jones 7 , Rojo 7 , Blind 6.5 ; Carrick 7 , Herrera 8.5 , Fellaini 6.5 -LRB- Falcao , 77 mins -RRB- ; Mata 6.5 , Young 7 -LRB- Di Maria , 70 -RRB- , Rooney 7 . Subs not used : Valdes , Rafael , McNair , A Pereira , Januzaj . Goals : Herrera 43 and 90 +2 , Rooney 79 . Aston Villa -LRB- 4-4-2 -RRB- : Guzan 7 ; Hutton 5.5 -LRB- Bacuna , 45 -RRB- , Okore 5.5 , Clark 6 , Lowton 5.5 ; Delph 6.5 , Sanchez 6 , N'Zogbia 5.5 -LRB- Baker , 61 -RRB- , Weimann 6 -LRB- Cole , 77 -RRB- ; Agbonlahor 5 , Benteke 6.5 . Subs not used : Given , Vlaar , Gil , Grealish . Goal : Benteke 80 . Booked : Delph . Referee : Roger East . Attendance : 75,397 . CLICK HERE to view our brilliant Match Zone - including the move for Ander Herrera 's opener in Manchester United 's win . They remember losing seven home games under David Moyes last season . Two goals by Ander Herrera and a special one from Wayne Rooney were enough to sweep aside lowly opponents and took United up to third place , a point ahead of neighbours Manchester City who play Crystal Palace on Monday before they are up next at the Theatre of Dreams . Even more importantly , Van Gaal 's side are now eight points clear of Brendan Rodgers and Liverpool in fifth . It means his number one priority , restoring Champions League football to Old Trafford , has nearly been achieved . In terms of performance , it was something of the old , something of the new . United used width as their tradition demands with former Villa winger Ashley Young seeing a lot of the ball on the left . But there was a lot of patience and possession too . United had 72 % of the ball without a lot to show for it until the reward came after 43 minutes . Daley Blind overlapped for the umpteenth time and on this occason his cutback to Herrera was perfect for the Spaniard to drill home . The second goal did n't arrive until 11 minutes from the end but was worth the wait . Angel Di Maria , on as a substitute , chipped the ball behind Rooney , but the England striker still found a way to score . He fully extended his left luminous green boot , brought the ball under control with his first touch and then spun 180 degrees to lash home his finish on the half-volley with his right . On such goals has the Theatre of Dreams acquired its reputation . But surprisingly there was still work to do for United because David de Gea let a Christian Benteke shot squirm through his body almost immediately aftewards . Villa manager Tim Sherwood -LRB- right -RRB- shakes the hand of his United counterpart Louis van Gaal before Saturday 's encounter . United felt they should have had a penalty in the opening minutes of the match at Old Trafford when Rooney -LRB- left -RRB- fell in the box . The United skipper appeals to the officials after being denied a penalty during the opening exchanges at Old Trafford . United midfielder Marouane Fellaini -LRB- right -RRB- challenges for the ball against Villa defender Jores Okore during the first half . Rooney attempts an overhead kick midway through the first half as both sides try to break the deadlock at Old Trafford . It was only when Herrera added his second goal that van Gaal 's men were totally safe though anything other than three points would have been a travesty on the balance of play . ` I wanted to come here and compete , and I thought we did that , ' said Villa boss Tim Sherwood . ` But United have players who have been round the block , they know when to speed it up and slow it down . The goal just before half-time killed us . ' FA Cup semi-finalists Villa could be in the bottom three when they face QPR at home on Tuesday night in a genuine relegation six-pointer . But they will be without a string of injured players including Alan Hutton . taken off at half-time yesterday with an ankle injury , Scott Sinclair , Ashley Westwood and Kieran Richardson . ` I 've never known anything like it . Ridiculous , ' said Sherwood . Van Gaal was simply relieved to get United 's first game after the international break out the way . ` I was afraid before this match because we were playing against a very defensive organisaton . That is not easy to create chances and score goals , ' he said . United midfielder Ander Herrera -LRB- left -RRB- hit the first goal of the game just before half-time with a crisp left-footed strike . The 25-year-old -LRB- centre left -RRB- watches on as his shot heads towards the bottom of the Villa net . Herrera wheels away in celebration after scoring his fourth Premier League goal of the season since joining from Athletic Bilbao . United winger Ashley Young celebrates Herrera 's strike - after providing the assist for the Spaniard 's goal . Herrera shows his emotion at scoring United 's opener as he is congratulated by his Old Trafford team-mates . On two-goal Herrera , he added : ` He has always been very good technically but sometimes was not composed at the right moment . But he is developing . He has scored seven goals now . ' Villa defended well in the first-half with Marcos Rojo going closest with a long-range shot that was tipped over by Brad Guzan . For long periods , Rooney cut an unhappy figure , beating the turf in frustration and arguing with referee Roger East after beind denied a penalty for Ciaran Clark 's early challenge in the area where he seemed to grab the United striker by the back of the neck . If Rooney reflects on it later , maybe his over-dramatic fall to the ground persauded the official not to award a spot-kick . The deadlock was eventually broken when United passed and passed long enough for Blind to escape free down the left . The Dutchman picked out Herrera and he converted from 12 yards for his first goal at Old Trafford since September . When United could n't get a second goal with Marouane Fellaini going closest , van Gaal sent on Di Maria and Falcao , combined value £ 103million . Former Villa winger Young made way to jeers from the away fans and cheers from everyone else after a decent display . Christian Benteke wheels away in celebration after pulling one back for Villa just moments after Rooney 's goal . Benteke -LRB- second left -RRB- watches on as his tame shot proves too much for David de Gea -LRB- centre -RRB- in the United goal . The Belgium international punches the air in delight as the visitors made it a nervy ending for Van Gaal 's men . Meanwhile De Gea is left rather red-faced at his error allowed the visitors back into the match late on at Old Trafford . However any hope of a Villa comeback were quashed when Herrera -LRB- right -RRB- added a third in injury time . Di Maria claimed an assist for Rooney 's special , pinging the ball across from the touchline . ` He has 10 assists , ' pointed out van Gaal , though he baulked at being asked why the winger had n't started . ` You think we should always pick the most expensive XI ? I think not , ' was the manager 's retort . Surprisingly , David de Gea gave Villa brief hope to make the game 2-1 . Herrera gave the scoreline a realistic edge when he burst forward into the penalty area once again to fire past Guzan . The Manchester derby next Sunday is going to be a cracker . Herrera -LRB- third right -RRB- watches on as his curled right-footed effort heads towards the bottom corner of the Villa net . United substitute Angel di Maria -LRB- left -RRB- congratulates Herrera after his injury time goal restores United 's two-goal advantage . Aston Villa players look crestfallen after conceding Herrera 's goal in injury time during their match at Old Trafford .