A gang of six men have been jailed for a total of 31 years after being convicted of a string of sexual offences against teenager girls . The offences , which ranged from inciting sexual activity with a child , to rape , happened in cars , woods or at the defendants ' homes in Banbury , Oxfordshire . Oxford Crown Court heard how they lured victims to parties organised on social media and then began sexually abusing them . The men were found guilty in March and have now been handed sentences of between three and nine years in jail . Jailed : Ahmed Hassan-Sule , 21 -LRB- left -RRB- was sentenced to nine years ' imprisonment . Mohamed Saleh , 22 , -LRB- right -RRB- was imprisoned for four years and nine months . The girls , aged between 13 and 16 , were targeted by the gang at under-18s parties organised by Ahmed Hassan-Sule , 21 , known as ` Fiddy ' . One child described the parties as ` a place where girls would go and the boys would choose their targets ' . The victims , who were described in court as 'em otionally immature ' were abused from 2009 to 2014 . Sentencing Hassan-Sule and the others in a court packed with friends and relatives of the defendants and victims yesterday , Judge Zoe Smith said : ` You put on charity events to raise money for your football club . ` This raised your profile among young people in Banbury and you saw yourself as a celebrity . ` Your friends helped put on these events and you became a sexually promiscuous group , not with your own girlfriends , but with girls who were young , vulnerable and lacking in maturity . ' The judge rejected the argument put forward by the defence , who accused the girls of coming forward because ` it 's better to be a victim than a slag ' . Behind bars : Kagiso Manase , 26 , -LRB- left -RRB- was jailed for four years and Said Saleh , 20 , -LRB- right -RRB- was sentenced to four years ' detention in a Young Offenders Institute . One of the victims told the Oxford Mail : ` When I used to go missing I would swear at my mum and I did n't realise I was being really nasty to her . The men put me against my family -- it was really clever . When I started hanging around with them I felt important . ` I had no friends and they were the only people left to talk to . It was a big part of my life and I was scared . I felt like all my friends were making new memories and I was n't part of them . ` Calling people `` slags '' as the defence did in this case stops other girls from coming forward . I would say to other girls to think about the future . I never wanted to do it . I never wanted to have sex with them but I thought that 's what friends did . ' Thames Valley Police launched Operation Reportage after receiving a tip-off about the men 's activities and eventually tracked down numerous teenager girls who had been molested . Detective Inspector Steve Raffield from Banbury Force CID said : ` This result would not have been possible without the bravery of the victims . ` I would like to thank them for coming forward and giving evidence in this case . As in all trials without their testimony we would not be where we are today . ` As a result young people will be safeguarded while these men will have time to reflect upon their actions in prison . ' Convicted : Takudzwa Hova , 21 , -LRB- left -RRB- was sentenced to six years ' imprisonment , while Zsolt Szalontai , 18 , -LRB- right -RRB- was sentenced to three years ' detention in a Young Offenders ' Institute after being found guilty of rape . Justice : The judge rejected the argument put forward by the defence at Oxford Crown Court -LRB- pictured -RRB- , who accused the girls of coming forward because ` it 's better to be a victim than a slag ' Those jailed on Friday afternoon at Oxford Crown Court were : Ahmed Hassan-Sule , 21 , of Banbury , who was found guilty of 13 counts of sexual activity with a child and one count of assault by penetration . He was sentenced to nine years ' imprisonment . Mohamed Saleh , 22 , of Banbury , was found guilty of two counts of sexual activity with a child . He was sentenced to four years and nine months ' imprisonment . Said Saleh , 20 , from Banbury , was found guilty of one count of sexual activity with a child . He was sentenced to four years ' detention in a Young Offenders Institute . Takudzwa Hova , 21 , of Banbury , was found guilty of one count of sexual activity with a child , two counts of causing or inciting a child to engage in sexual activity and one count of rape . He was sentenced to six years ' imprisonment . Kagiso Manase , 26 , of Banbury , was found guilty of two counts of sexual activity with a child , two counts of causing or inciting a child to engage in sexual activity and one count of sexual assault . He was sentenced to four years ' imprisonment . Manase had also pleaded guilty to possession of identity documents with intent . The offence related to being found in possession or control of a false South African passport and UK residence permit . He was sentenced to one year imprisonment to run consecutively . Zsolt Szalontai , 18 , of Banbury , was found guilty of one count of rape . He was sentenced to three years ' detention in a Young Offenders ' Institute .