Some clubs celebrate titles with an all-expenses paid trip to Las Vegas . Others opt for Dubai . As for Martin Allen and Barnet , they will land in Benidorm on Wednesday afternoon as Conference champions . Regaining their Football League status after a two-year absence came down to 90 minutes against Gateshead . Win , and the title was theirs . Lose or draw , and it went to Bristol Rovers . There was to be no drama in this finale , yet manager Allen expected nothing less . The man known as Mad Dog predicted they would win promotion to League Two long before it was confirmed on Saturday . Barnet celebrate with the Conference trophy after securing a return to the Football League . Mauro Vilhete -LRB- right -RRB- scored a brace for Barnet as they overcame Gateshead to secure promotion . The title-winning victory ensures Martin Allen 's fourth spell in charge of the club would be his most successful . ` Nobody expected us to do it , ' said Allen , currently in his fourth spell in charge of the club . ` The bookmakers never said we would do it . The pundits and the experts said we would be nowhere near it . ` I knew a week before the season started we were going to be champions . I just knew it . There was no-one that could stop us . No way . ` We had too much power . We had too much pace . We had too much of everything . Privately and quietly behind the scenes , I knew that we were going to get 90-plus and win the league . It was obvious to me . ' No-one told those in Bristol that . Rovers ended their season with a 7-0 humiliation of Alfreton Town with six different players on the score-sheet , but finished a point behind Barnet . They will have to make do with the play-offs , with their semi-final first leg away to Forest Green Rovers on Wednesday . There were no twists or turns in north London , where Gateshead played their part in the script to perfection . Barnet took the lead in the 25th minute after Mauro Vilhete was gifted a free header . No reaction from Allen . No clenched fist . Nothing . He simply turned away , and walked back to his seat . Yet , when Vilhete 's second in the 48th minute all but confirmed they were champions , Allen let loose . Full time was greeted by the almost obligatory and seemingly inevitable pitch invasion , and the celebrations will stretch all the way to Alicante . Barnet manager Allen celebrates with goalkeeper Graham Stack after securing the Conference title . Despite promotion to League Two , Allen 's on-off relationship with Barnet could see him leave the club for a fourth time . Their chairman Anthony Kleanthous will join him in Spain this week , having likened his manager to a girlfriend you can not get rid of . Allen agrees . ` I think I owed the supporters something , ' he said . ` Walking out of the relationship , ditching them , going for money , which is what I have done . I never made any secret of that . ` My future ? I 'm going to Benidorm on Wednesday . The only thing I 've got to think about at the moment is what sun factor to use in Benidorm . ' At this point , a journalist asks whether that is an open invitation , to which Mad Dog replies : ` No . It 's only for the champions , and you 're not a champion . ' Fortunately for Barnet , they are , as they wave goodbye to the non-League and hello to sunny Spain . Barnet players will celebrate their promotion with a team trip to Benidorm on Wednesday this week .