A New Jersey high school teacher who was indicted last month on charges that she had sex with one student and engaged in improper relationships with two others is now trying to avoid prison time by entering a diversion program . Nicole McDonough , 32 , of Mount Olive , was arrested in December on suspicion of having sex with an 18-year-old student while employed as a teacher at Mendham High School . A subsequent investigation revealed that the married educator also allegedly engaged in improper ` communication ' and ` fraternization ' with two other 18-year-old male students . Looking for redemption : High school English teacher Nicole McDonough - seen here at her first court appearance in January - has applied for a Pre-Trial Intervention program in hopes of having the charges against her dropped . On Monday , McDonough applied for Morris County 's Pre-Trial Intervention -LRB- PTI -RRB- program , which provides first-time , non-violent offenders with alternatives to traditional prosecution . The program requires a probationary period of one to three years and comes with a list of conditions that must be met . If McDonough is allowed to enter the PTI , she may have to undergo random urine testing , pay restitution , and submit to psychological , drug and alcohol evaluations . If she meets all the conditions and successfully completes the diversion program , all charges against McDonough would be dropped and her criminal record would be expunged , reported NJ.com . If she flunks out of the program , her case will be returned to the court docket . Denise Arsenault , with the Morris County Prosecutor 's Office , argued that the disgraced teacher would likely be ineligible for the program because of the trio of charges against her . It will be up to a judge to decide on McDonough 's application upon hearing arguments from prosecutors and the defendant 's attorney . Strings attached : If McDonough , pictured in court in January , is allowed to enter the PTI , she may have to undergo random urine testing , pay restitution , and submit to psychological , drug and alcohol evaluations . Charged : Nicole McDonough -LRB- above -RRB- was arrested in December after reportedly having sex with an 18-year-old student . An investigation found she had ` improper relations ' with two others , police say . According to The Daily Record , the alleged sexual relationship between the married mother of two and an 18-year-old boy occurred in April , May , and June of 2013 . The relationships with the other two students then allegedly occurred in April , May , and June of 2014 . Additionally , NJ.com have reported that McDonough does not face any sex charges because all three alleged victims were 18 . The prosecution made it clear they believe she was only sexual with one of the boys . The indictment outlined that McDonough committed second-degree official misconduct because she ` did commit acts relating to her office , but constitutionally unauthorized exercises of her official functions ' . McDonough did so ` with the purpose to obtain a benefit for herself , specifically emotional , mental and/or physical sexual gratification ' , the indictment said . Timothy Smith , McDonough 's attorney , said Friday he would seek to have the indictment dismissed and called it a ` rogue prosecution ' that incorrectly applies official misconduct laws . The 32-year-old pleaded not guilty to the charges against her in January . Last month , she was suspended from her teaching job without pay . Official misconduct is punishable upon conviction by up to 10 years in prison with a minimum of five years to be served before parole consideration . Scene : McDonough , a married mother of two , worked as an English teacher at West Morris Mendham High School in Morristown , New Jersey . According to NJ.com , McDonough ` teaches honors and International Baccalaureate-level English courses at the high school ' and ` holds a bachelor 's degree in English Literature from the College of St. Elizabeth . ' Describing herself on the school 's website she writes ; ` Although teaching is one of my many passions , I am also a mom , a personal trainer , and a cross-fitter . I am a mother of two amazing girls . We also have a puggle named Tegan . ' She closes by saying ; ` The classroom is one of my many loves and I am excited to return to start a full year of school ! '