A Vietnam War veteran has been suffering from songs being stuck in his head for weeks at a time in a condition that doctors think may be linked to his service . Gregg Manderson , 68 , of St Paul , Minnesota , first sought medical attention after he got Twinkle Twinkle Little Star trapped inside his mind last May , setting off nearly twelve months of doctors his mind shuffling between tunes that are stuck on repeat . He has also hallucinated the theme song to the western 1950s television show Cheyenne had the same mysterious bugle call stuck in his head for years . Minneapolis VA Medical Center neurologist Dr Khalaf Alla Bushara and researcher Roger Dumas have looked for a way to end the earworm , though they have yet to find a cure for the military-style revelry . Scroll down for video . Gregg Manderson , 68 , of St Paul Minnesota , has sought medical help after Twinkle Twinkle Little Star first became stuck in his head last May . Sounds including police sirens are stuck in his head for around a month . ` These men and women who served , their service still influences their lives even years later , ' Dr Bushara told KARE11 . The doctor said that the hallucinations occur in those in hearing loss , when the brain compensates for a lack of stimulation by making its own sounds . Dumas , who used to make drum machines and synthesizers for Janet Jackson and Prince before he got into science , said that music hallucinations are different from how a normal person has a song stuck in their head . He told Daily Mail Online that patients such as Manderson experience their hallucinations as sound , rather than have the consciousness that it is only stuck in their head . Manderson will often be listening to the same song for a month before something new appears , though some , like the bugle call , never leave . He thinks that his mind made up the sound , which no one else can put a name to , though he likes it better than other sounds such as the police sirens that circled around his brain for a week . Roger Dumas , a cognitive science researcher who used to make synthesizers for Prince , helped Manderson identify the song in his head and says the tune is unique because it is self-composed . Dr Khalaf Alla Bushara -LRB- left -RRB- of the Minneapolis VA Medical Center -LRB- right -RRB- is trying to help cure Manderson by playing the song repeatedly in hopes that he will tune it out . Dumas said that music hallucinations are most often songs that everyone else knows such as ` Twinkle Twinkle ' , making Manderson 's self-composed song fairly novel . The call was particularly frustrating when he first brought it to the attention of doctors , as he did not know what it was . He originally described it as some sort of brass instrument , and was only able to narrow it down with Dumas 's knowledge of synthesizers and knack for creating sounds described by others such as musical artists . ` I 'm getting used to it , but I do n't like it , ` Manderson said of the condition . Dr Bushara is trying to help him rid himself of the current bugle call by playing the song repeatedly in hopes that his patient will tune it out . Musical hallucinations are most common in older people and often bring back melodies heard during youth . Manderson 's father was a jazz saxophonist , according to TwinCities.com .