Accused murderer Gable Tostee , who was involved in an alcohol-fuelled chase with police across state borders , will remain behind bars for dangerous driving charges after a judge dismissed his appeal for early release . Tostee , 29 , was on bail for the alleged murder of New Zealand woman Warriena Tagpuno Wright when Tweed Heads magistrate sentenced him to 10 months behind bars for the driving offence that occurred in July . The 29-year-old was reportedly four times over the legal limit when he incited a high speed police chase as he drove two passengers home to the Gold Coast from Splendour in the Grass , a music festival at Byron Bay . Scroll down for video . Back behind bars : Accused balcony murderer Gable Tostee -LRB- pictured -RRB- was denied an early release for his drunken car chase with police across state lines after where he was found to be four times over the legal limit for drink driving . New South Wales police deployed road spikes in an effort to stop Tostee who was travelling at speeds of around 200 kilometres an hour . The accused murderer continued to drive on the car 's rims until the chase came to an end , after he had crossed the Queensland border . Tostee admitted to police he was intoxicated and his vehicle was unregistered . The incident was two weeks before Wright fell to her death from the balcony of Tostee 's 14th storey apartment in August last year . Police will allege Ms Wright fell after a struggle between the pair . During the appeal hearing , Judge Martin Blackmore heard that Tostee did not have access to his regular prescription medication which caused him to suffer episodes of anxiety , depression and obsessive compulsive disorder , ABC reported . Dad 's car : Tostee -LRB- pictured leaving prison last November -RRB- borrowed his father 's car for a booze-fuelled rise across into northern NSW and then back over the border where he was booked by Queensland police just weeks before he allegedly murdered Warriena Wright on a Tinder date . Philip Crick , Tostee 's solicitor , told the court his client 's medical condition was exacerbated as he was required to share a cell during his time in protective custody . During his appeal , prosecutor Kate Brady told the court Tostee had an ` alcohol issue ' and that the crime fit the 10 month sentence he was given . Judge Blackmore said as Tostee was heavily intoxicated , the sentence was justified and the appeal was dismissed . He will be eligible for parole on August 1 . Tinder date : Gable Tostee -LRB- pictured -RRB- says he did not murder Warriena Wright , following their meeting via the mobile dating app Tinder in Cavill Mall , Surfers Paradise , then on to his nearby high rise apartment . Tragic death : Warriena Wright -LRB- pictured -RRB- fell to her death from the 14th floor of Gable Tostee 's Surfers Paradise apartment in the early hours of August 8 this year , just days before the 26-year-old was due to return home to New Zealand . Before Tostee was sent back to prison in February , his barrister Peter O'Connor argued he was ` terrified ' of returning to prison as he was ` brutalised ' in a Queensland jail last year . In successfully arguing for bail last November , Mr Tostee said he had been targeted by criminals in prison and that he feared for his safety . During hearings last year for his murder case , prosecutors said Tostee 's alleged actions in locking 26-year-old victim Warriena Wright outside on a 14th floor balcony were akin to locking someone in a trunk to suffocate . Justice Mullins told the court the case ` is not in any view a straightforward case of murder ' . Mr Tostee was arrested a week after Ms Wright 's death . Following the first , adjourned part of his bail hearing , Tostee replaced his original legal team with renowned Queensland civil liberties lawyer , Terry O'Gorman . The Avalon apartments -LRB- above -RRB- in Surfers Paradise on Queensland 's Gold Coast were the scene of the fatal fall by Warriena Wright 14 storeys to the ground at around 2.20 am on August 8 this year . Tostee 's lawyerssaid that while he was in prison , he was ` always on guard ' against fellow inmates . Ms Wright died at around 2.20 am , just hours after meeting Mr Tostee at Cavill Mall in Surfers Paradise via the mobile dating app Tinder . Mr Tostee denies he murdered Ms Wright . Mr Tostee appointed Mr O'Gorman following the civil libertarian 's comments about the release of court documents including an alleged transcript of Ms Wright 's night with him , taped on his phone , and a damning police affidavit of what occurred between the two in the hours before Ms Wright 's death . Strict conditions : Gable Tostee was living at his parents , Gary and Helene 's house -LRB- pictured -RRB- while on bail , before he was returned for another lagging behind the bars of a Queensland prison . Fatal meeting : Warriena Wright -LRB- above , left -RRB- was holidaying on the Gold Coast after attending a friend 's wedding , when the 26-year-old New Zealand bank clerk fell to her death from Gable Tostee 's -LRB- above , right -RRB- high rise balcony apartment . Devastated : Warriena Wright -LRB- above , right -RRB- with sister , Reza , who was devastated by the death . The prosecution claims Tostee has a ` bizarre indifference to Ms Wright 's death ' and that she had been affected on the night of her death by alcohol in the form of a ` white spirit ' made by him . Justice Mullins has made mention during the hearing of the accused 's autism and social anxiety . Crown Prosecutor Sarah Farnden told that hearing Mr Tostee was unlikely to have been on the balcony when Ms Wright plunged 14 storeys to her death . Justice Mullins described the Crown prosecutor 's case for murder as ` weak ' and ` difficult ' , but said a case of manslaughter would be ` strong ' . Justice Mullins said a diagnosis of autism for Gable Tostee could have a bearing on how the court viewed what allegedly happened inside his Surfers Paradise apartment on the night Ms Wright died . ` If your client was not on the balcony , it makes the murder case a lot more difficult , ' she told Mr Tostee 's defence , ` but in the context of what happened in the apartment , I would think a manslaughter case is not weak . ' Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .