This is the moment a family got a shock after an elderly buffalo escaped being dinner for lions - only to run headlong into their car . Moya Gerber was travelling in her vehicle through the Kruger National Park , South Africa , when she spotted a male and female lion trying to bring down a Cape Buffalo . Moya 's sister Rone Odendaal , 24 , who is a teacher at Laerskool Lothair , located in the village of Lothair , began taking pictures of the struggle , before noticing the buffalo was heading for the road . Battle : Moya Gerber and her sister Rone Odendaal , 24 , spotted this struggle between two lions and a buffalo in the Kruger National Park in South Africa , so they stopped to photograph it . Collision : After a few moments the buffalo managed to escape the lions ' clutches , but headed straight for the road instead before running into the side of Ms Odendaal 's car . While the beast managed to escape being eaten by the lions , it did receive a nasty knock to the head after running into the side of their van . Speaking to MailOnline , Ms Odendaal , who uploaded the pictures to her Instagram , said : ` We were on holiday . We go to the park a couple of times every year but this is the first time something like this has happened . ` It was on the third day of a five day trip in the morning that we saw the buffalo . We were on the h3 road , going from the from Malelane satellite camp towards Skukuza camp . ` It started when we saw two male lions just past abridge heading towards a waterhole . ` They got a drink of water and then slept under bushes on our left hand side and then we spotted the buffalo on our right side . ` The wind was in the lions favour , they jumped up in unison and walked fast over the road towards the buffalo.They looked really hungry and needed food , that 's when the action started . ` The lions stalked the buffalo before one jumped on its back . That lion held on for almost 30 minutes until the buffalo ran towards the cars . It 's horn punctured a car wheel which gave the lion a fright . ` The other male lion got thrown through the air but came back and also started biting the buffalo by its tail . We could smell the blood . Life or death : Miss Odendaal , a teacher from the village of Lothair , captured these images of the beasts fighting with one-another before the buffalo crashed into her vehicle . Explain that to the insurers ! A fully grown buffalo can weigh up to 1,750 lbs - about half the weight of a VW Golf - and stands six foot tall , meaning it left quite a dent in the car 's door . ` Just before the lions could bring the buffalo down it punctured the car wheel and then ran into our car taking the mirror off . ` I was in the car with my sister and her two children , one-year-old Hendri , and Lisa who is four . ` The children started crying after the buffalo hit the car but we told them to sit really still . ` I hoped that the lions would manage to bring the buffalo down in order to feed . They need to eat as well but other people were screaming for the poor buffalo . ` I gained even more respect for lions watching this with my own eyes the perseverance it takes to try and bring it down and the buffalo really hurt them running through the bush with them . ' She also revealed that the unlucky buffalo caused around £ 11,000 worth of damage to the car . Nadav Ossendryver , the founder of Latest Sightings , a website that tracks animals in the Kruger park , uploaded the pictures last week and said it was something he 'd never seen before . Ms Odendaal 's friends also joked about the close-shave on Facebook , with Jeremy Hallett quipping : ` Explain that to your insurance ! ' The Kruger National Park spans 7,500 square miles of territory in the north east of South Africa along its border with Mozambique , making it one of the largest game reserves in Africa . One of a kind : When Miss Odendaal 's images were uploaded to website for spotting wildlife in the Kruger park , it 's founder said he had never seen anything like it before . The park is home to more 12,000 elephants , 1,000 leopards , 2,800 lions , and 27,000 African Buffalo , with the climate ranging from savanna scrubland in the south , to tropical in the north . The buffalo that call the park home can reach heights of six foot and weigh around 1,750 lbs - or around half the weight of a VW Golf . The male African lion , pictured here , reaches an adult weight of just under 500 lbs , making it the second largest big cat after the tiger , but still nowhere near as large as the buffalo .