The latest lover of a notorious father-of-40 has revealed how the pair ca n't keep their hands off each other - and she 's the only woman he now needs for sex . Diane Morris , 46 , is engaged to Mike Holpin , 56 , who has shamelessly boasted of having children with 20 different women . Ms Morris has brushed off claims that her partner uses dating site Plenty of Fish to meet more women for casual sex , claiming the two are ` crazy about each other ' and that she trusts him ` completely ' . Scroll down for video . Diane Morris -LRB- right -RRB- claims her and Mike Holpin 's sex life is ` great ' and has brushed off claims he still uses dating website Plenty of Fish despite their engagement . Ms Morris also said the two are ` crazy for each other ' and it does n't bother her that he 's been married three times before . She said : ` Mike and I have a great sex life . It used to be once a day when we got together but now we are at it like every other day . ` Things are fantastic between us in that department . I trust Mike completely and I know his womanising days are over . ` So what if he 's been married three times before but I know this time it is forever . We are crazy for each other . ' Mr Hopin , a former alcoholic of Ebbw Vale , South Wales , was strongly criticised after admitting he did n't even know the name of some of his 40 children . And Ms Morris said there would not be any more children for the couple . She said : ` Mike would love to have more kids but unfortunately I ca n't due to medical reasons . ' Ms Morris has a 28-year-old son from a previous relationship and met Mr Holpin through Plenty Of fish in 2012 - and he 's still on the site . She says : ` His profile on Plenty of Fish might be active but I know Mike would n't dream of cheating on me . ` I had been single for years and I was instantly attracted to Mike . He had lovely blue eyes and he was so charming and witty . ' She added it ` blew her away ' when he revealed how many children he had fathered , but she ` appreciated his honesty ' . She met the former fairground worker - whose favourite chat-up line is ` fancy a rump ? ' - a few weeks after meeting online . Mr Holpin pictured during an appearance on the TV show This Morning late last month . ` We had a cup of tea and a chat back at his place and he showed me pictures of his kids . He was open about his womanising past but he did n't tell me straightaway that he had around 40 kids . ` I have to admit I was stunned when he first told me but by then I was falling for him . ' They pair are now inseparable and spend their days watching horror films and going for long walks . After a year the couple moved in together and got engaged . Now the loved-up pair ca n't wait to tie the knot - the fourth time for Mr Holpin . Ms Morris said : ` I was overjoyed when he proposed but we have n't set a date yet . We 're saving £ 50 a month and it will a low key affair at a registry office . Of course we will invite all the kids but it 's up to them if they want to come . ' He has been accused of playing computer games for up to 20 hours a day but Ms Morris insists he is a model fiance . She said : ` Mike is on his computer a lot but he always helps me around the house . He mops the floors and chops the vegetables for dinner . ' Mr Holpin has been receiving benefits for 13 years and admits his £ 195 a week handouts on his 20-a-day smoking habit , as well as owning games consoles and widescreen TV 's . Ms Morris has n't worked since her 20 's due to suffering from bipolar disorder . ` Mike is an amazing dad and is always there for the kids . He is always around if they need to talk - that 's much more important than material goods . ' She added she ca n't wait to be the fourth Mrs Holpin , and said : ` People might think I am mad but I really do n't care . Mike is a new man and I know we are going to be together forever . '