After exposing potential security risks with airlines ' in-flight entertainment systems , one of the top experts on counter-threat intelligence in the wold was pulled off a flight by FBI agents . Chris Roberts , who featured in a string of Fox News reports , was yanked off his plane after it landed in Syracuse , New York , on Wednesday night by two FBI agents and two uniformed officers . Roberts , who works for security intelligence company One World Labs , was questioned for the next four hours . Scroll down for video . Chris Roberts of One World Labs was grabbed after his plane landed in Syracuse , New York , on Wednesday . Roberts has been featured on the Fox News television show On the Record with Greta Van Susteren -LRB- left -RRB- . The FBI agents took electronic devices and computer files from Roberts and confiscated his laptop and thumb drives , Fox News reported . They asked to forensically image his laptop , but Roberts told the agents to get a warrant . He was coming to town to speak at an aerospace conference about vulnerabilities in airplane systems and did make a presentation at the event on Thursday without the use of his electronics . The incident occurred only a few hours after a report about Roberts ' research was released by Fox . Roberts said in the report : ` We can still take planes out of the sky thanks to the flaws in the in-flight entertainment systems . ` Quite simply put , we can theorize on how to turn the engines off at 35,000 feet and not have any of those damn flashing lights go off in the cockpit . ' Experts worry planes ' flight and entertainment systems could be compromised by terrorist hacking -LRB- file photo -RRB- . The Government Accountability Office released a report earlier this week with similar findings . The GAO report stated : ` According to cybersecurity experts we interviewed , Internet connectivity in the cabin should be considered a direct link between the aircraft and the outside world , which includes potential malicious actors . ' Roberts is scheduled to fly home Friday and is already pre-checked through the TSA . He said : ` You have one element in the FBI reaching out to people like me for help , but another element doing a hell of a job burning those bridges . ` Those of us who do threat research are doing it for the right reasons , and we work to build relationships with the intelligence community because we want to help them identify weaknesses before they become a problem . '