Wanted : Police in Maryland have issued a warrant for the arrest of 26-year-old karate instructor Alexander Soumbadze who has been charged with eight counts of child pornography . Police in Maryland have launched a manhunt for a 26-year-old karate instructor who has been charged with possessing child pornography . The Montgomery County Police Department said Friday that Alexander Soumbadze faces eight possession of child pornography counts . Soumbadze has recently admitted to trading and receiving child pornography , after which police say the Georgian national fled the country . An investigation also uncovered videos of the martial arts expert inappropriately touching and engaging in sexual acts with adolescent males at a Maryland karate studio where he was co-owner and instructor . Officials say the videos were taken before October 2011 and that they are attempting to locate victims to determine possible additional charges . According to Montgomery County police , the 26-year-old , a native of Tbilisi , Georgia , fled the US after confessing to the crimes . A warrant has been issued for the arrest of the Bethesda resident . According to a press release put out by the Montgomery County police Friday , in December 2014 , the agency was tipped off by colleagues in South Dakota that a Maryland resident was uploading child pornography . Vile acts : Police have recovered videos showing the martial arts teacher -LRB- far right -RRB- molesting boys at the On The Mat Sports International in Chevy Chase , formerly known as DC Martial Arts . Fugitive : The Tbilisi , Georgia , native admitted to trading child pornography videos earlier this month . Two days after his interview with police , he fled , possibly returning to his native country . Armed with court orders , detectives in Maryland were able to obtain subscription information corresponding to the suspect , which led them to Soumbadze . On April 1 , 2015 , police executed a search warrant at Soumbadze 's home in Bethesda , seizing several electronic devices that yielded eight pornographic videos featuring children . Other recordings recovered by police allegedly showed the suspect molesting boys at his karate studio on Wisconsin Avenue in Chevy Chase . Soumbadze has been affiliated with the On The Mat Sports International karate studio , formerly known as DC Martial Arts , since he was a young child and took classes there as a martial arts student . During an interview with police , the 26-year-old sensei admitted to trading and receiving child porn . Close ties : Soumbadze has been affiliated with karate studio -LRB- pictured -RRB- since he was a young child and took classes there as a martial arts student . Two days after Soumbadze was questioned by police , he fled the country , possibly returning to his native Georgia . Police spokeswoman Rebecca Innocenti told Bethesda Magazine that Georgia has an extradition treaty with the US , but their goal now is to complete the investigation and identify the victims in the videos before setting the diplomatic process in motion . In a profile of the On the Mat studio in February , Soumbadze told BethesdaNow.com that his parents , both Georgian diplomats , brought him to the US when he was 5 years old . He graduated from Bethesda-Chevy Chase High School in 2006 .