The owner of a Florida mansion accused of being home to a ` secret stripper school ' has decided to sell up after being found in violation of county zoning codes . The Egyptian-themed mansion , advertised online as Pharaoh 's Palace , promises a ` perfect private location ' on seven secluded acres in Tampa . Millionaire Gary Lowndes purchased the property in 2013 for $ 2 million and had planned to film a reality show about strippers on the property . Scroll down for video . Millionaire owner Gary Lowndes who purchased the property , advertised online as Pharaoh 's Palace , in 2013 for $ 2 million has put it back on the market after being found in violation of country zoning codes over noisey parties . Owner Lownds , right has decided to sell the property he had once envisioned playing host to a reality show for strippers after complaints about noise from neighbors such as Ronald Nagy , left . Websites indicate there was property has also been home to Pharaoh 's Daughters , a school for strippers , but Lowndes has repeatedly fallen foul of complaints about noisey private functions held on the grounds . On Friday the county code enforcement board found that Lownds had violated their rules by holding events without the right permit and running a business in a residential neighborhood . His company , Pink Tati LLC , was given seven days to prove the property is in compliance and he was warned he will be fined $ 1,000 a day if further commercial functions takes place . ` Basically it 's the noise that got our attention , ' neighbor Ronald Nagy told Bay News . He lives in the nearby Cheval West community . ` I 've never been involved in running a stripper school , ' said Lowndes , who made millions selling mattresses and hearing aids . ` There 's never been any porn parties . There 's never been anything illegal other than the noise complaint . ' Lowndes said he disagrees with the board 's decision , but has decided that it is best if he sells up . He has put the property back on the market for $ 2.3 million . ` With all this violation stuff , I said , `` fine , that 's it , I 'm out of here . ' '' he said . The Egyptian-themed mansion promises a ` perfect private location ' on seven secluded acres on the Gulf Coast on its website advertisement . An August 2014 adult-themed party dubbed ` Midsummer Night Wet Dream ' got the mansion , bought by Canadian millionaire Gordon Lownds , its first noise complaint . Pharaoh 's Daughters advertises itself as an agency that helps ` promising young strippers and exotic dancers ' find work ` in prestigious gentlemen 's clubs ' An August 2014 adult-themed party dubbed Midsummer Night Wet Dream got the mansion its first noise complaint . Neighbor Nagy had seen ads for the party and filed a complaint with the Hillsborough County Sheriff 's Office and Code Enforcement . ` This to me seems like there was an undercurrent of very sexually-related activities , ' he told the Tampa Tribune . ` They 're gaming the system . ' After months of complaints both Lownds and Sean Grey , the mansion 's manager , got hit with code violations . On its website , Pharaoh 's Palace was advertised as the ` perfect ' place for entertaining . Other ads on the internet said it was available for rent to producers for music videos , television and film , as well as event planners and professional photographers . But the mansion also became where Grey and Nicholas Worlds , a former adult-themed business investor , ran a modeling agency dubbed Pharaoh 's Daughters . ` Turn your stripper job into a career in exotic dancing and achieve the elite lifestyle you deserve , ' the website promises . Pharaoh 's Daughters advertises itself as an agency that helps ` promising young strippers and exotic dancers ' find work ` in prestigious gentlemen 's clubs ' . It lists getting to live in the Tampa mansion as one of its perks , boasting a ` safe and secure residence ' . Pharaoh 's Mansion is 12,000 square-feet and has six bedrooms within the house , as well as two in a guest house . It 's website also lists a spa room with a waterfall and massage area . On its website , Pharaoh 's Palace was advertised as the ` perfect ' place for entertaining . Other ads on the internet said it was available for rent to producers for music videos , television and film , as well as event planners and professional photographers . But the mansion also became where Sean Grey , its manager , and Nicholas Worlds , a former adult-themed business investor , ran a modeling agency dubbed Pharaoh 's Daughters . There is also a ` harem room ' that includes a fully equipped wet bar and poker table , as well as a dance/fitness studio with two stripper poles and a parking garage that fits up to 40 cars . Lownds said he and some of his partners had planned to film a reality show at the mansion about the day-to-day lives of strippers . But he has since shut down the modeling school and stopped all commercial activity at the mansion , he told the Tampa Tribune . ` We are aware of what we are allowed to do and not to do , ' Lownds said . ` We are conforming with all the zoning requirements . ' The mansion was hit with five citations from Code Enforcement , including for holding special events in a residential zone and for operating special events without approval . But according to deputy Phil Acaba , who investigated the events , it was the parties that ended up shutting the mansion down . ` If they had flown under the radar , they 'd still be in business , ' he said . ` The noise was the issue that brought their downfall . ' Pharaoh 's Daughters advertises itself as an agency that helps ` promising young strippers and exotic dancers ' find work ` in prestigious gentlemen 's clubs ' Lownds said he and some of his partners planned to film a reality show at the mansion about the day-to-day lives of strippers . But he has since shut down the modeling school and stopped all commercial activity at the mansion .