Pep Guardiola will be reunited with Barcelona after his Bayern Munich were paired with the Catalan giants in the Champions League semi-finals . The manager is to return to the Nou Camp for the first time since leaving in 2012 . Real Madrid face Juventus in the the other semi-final . The first legs will take place on May 5/6 with the returns the following week . Pep Guardiola is to return to the Nou Camp as Bayern Munich face Barcelona in the Champions League . The draw was made at UEFA 's headquarters in Nyon , Switzerland on Friday morning . The semi-final draw had all the usual anticipation and build-up that comes with UEFA 's ceremonies . Juventus ambassador Pavel Nedved shakes hand with Real Madrid 's ambassador Emilio Butragueno . Luis Suarez , Lionel Messi and Gerard Pique are all smiles in Barcelona training on Friday morning . Messi and fellow forward Neymar took part in Barcelona 's training session at Joan Gamper Sports City . But it is the match-up between Guardiola and the club where he made his name that throws up the most exciting prospect . Bayern side swept Porto aside this week , hammering them 6-1 after suffering a surprise defeat in the first leg . Barcelona , meanwhile , were relentless in their pursuit of a last-four place , beating Zlatan Ibrahimovic 's Paris Saint-Germain comfortably . Carlo Ancelotti 's Real Madrid side secured their place in the last four by sneaking past city rivals Atletico Madrid on Tuesday , thanks to Javier Hernandez 's last-gasp decider . Barcelona manager Luis Enrique will be going up against their former boss Guardiola in the last four . Spanish giants Barcelona were the first team out of the pot on Friday , closely followed by Bayern Munich . Juventus were the third team to be drawn , and they will play Real Madrid in the semi-finals . That saw Real through to the semi-finals for a fifth year in a row , although Juventus will look to halt their quest to become the first side to retain the Champions League . The ` Old Lady ' have the best record of all the semi-finalists , having progressed to the final on seven of their 10 appearances at this juncture . This is the first time Juventus have made the last-four of UEFA 's flagship club competition since 2003 , when a Pavel Nedved-inspired side won the second leg against Real 3-1 - 4-3 on aggregate - overturning a 2-1 first-leg deficit . Overall in Europe : . Barcelona wins - 1 . Draws - 2 . Bayern Munich wins - 5 . Champions League only : . Barcelona wins - 1 . Draws - 1 . Bayern Munich wins - 4 . Overall in Europe : . Juventus wins - 7 . Draws - 1 . Real Madrid wins - 8 . Champions League only : . Juventus wins - 5 . Draws - 1 . Real Madrid wins - 5 . Barcelona 's strikeforce of Suarez , Neymar and Messi celebrate during the last-eight win over PSG . Javier Hernandez scored a last-gasp winner for Real Madrid against Atletico to put them into the semi-final . Top scorer Thomas Muller netted this week as Bayern Munich hammered Porto at the Allianz Arena . Carlos Tevez and Juventus squeezed past Ligue 1 's Monaco during a tense quarter-final . Manager : Carlo Ancelotti . Top scorer : Cristiano Ronaldo -LRB- 8 -RRB- . Last semi-final appearance : 2013/14 -LRB- 5-0 Bayern Munich -RRB- . Odds : 2/1 . Manager : Massimiliano Allegri . Top scorer : Carlos Tevez -LRB- 6 -RRB- . Last semi-final appearance : 2002/03 -LRB- 4-3 v Real Madrid -RRB- . Odds : 8/1 . Manager : Luis Enrique . Top scorer : Lionel Messi -LRB- 9 -RRB- . Last semi-final appearance : 2012/13 -LRB- 0-7 Bayern Munich -RRB- . Odds : 13/8 . Manager : Pep Guardiola . Top scorer : Thomas Muller -LRB- 6 -RRB- . Last semi-final appearance : 2013/14 -LRB- 0-5 Real Madrid -RRB- . Odds : 2/1 . Friday 's draw at UEFA 's headquarters in Nyon leaves open the possibility of a first ever Barcelona v Real Madrid final . Barca reached the semi-finals for the seventh time in eight seasons by comfortably overcoming Paris Saint Germain 5-1 on aggregate , extending the Catalan club 's unbeaten run to a 13th game in the process . Opponents Bayern stormed into a fourth successive semi-final by overwhelming Porto 6-1 in Munich , making light work of their 3-1 first-leg loss in Portugal . The first legs will be played on May 5 and 6 , with the return matches a week later .