New Jersey Senator Robert Menendez is facing the possibility of 15 years in prison for using his position to help a wealthy donor in exchange for nearly $ 1million in gifts and campaign contributions . The 61-year-old Democrat has pleaded not guilty to eight bribery counts related to his close personal friendship with eye surgeon Dr Salomon Melgen , 60 , according to a 68-page federal indictment unsealed this month and detailed in the New York Post . Perhaps the most embarrassing of the accusations is that Menendez used his influence to get visas for married Melgen 's multiple young lovers abroad - including a Brazilian model who posed on the cover of ` Sexy ' magazine and a Ukrainian actress who moved to Florida to live in one of Melgen 's homes . Scroll down for videos . Corrupt ? U.S. Senator Robert Menendez faces the possibility of 15 years in prison if convicted of eight counts of bribery for using his political influence to help a wealthy donor in exchange for nearly $ 1million in campaign contributions and gifts . Melgen 's ladies : According to an indictment unsealed this month , Menendez helped donor Dr Salomon Melgen bring at least three mistresses to the U.S. on visas - including Brazilian actress Juliana Lopes Leite -LRB- left -RRB- and Ukrainian model Svitlana Buchyk -LRB- right -RRB- . Menendez and Melgen met at a fundraiser in 1993 , shortly after Menendez was voted into the Senate . The two quickly became close , with Menendez being invited to fly on Melgen 's private jet and visit his villa in the Dominican Republic on several occasions . According to the details in the indictment , Menendez began helping out his rich friend in 1998 , when Melgen wanted to fly a 22-year-old girlfriend - identified as ` girlfriend 2 in court documents - and her 18-year-old sister from the Dominican Republic to spend Christmas with him in the States . Claiming innocence : Melgen has also been charged in the indictment , in addition to other Medicaid fraud charges , pleading not guilty to both . He is being held at the Federal Detention Center in Miami . Despite Melgen writing a letter to the embassy in Santo Domingo , the sisters ' applications were initially denied due to the fact that they were unemployed and therefore more likely to overstay their visas . When Melgen found got the bad news , he reached out to his friend Menendez for help . Menendez then told his senior policy adviser Mark Lopes that he planned to personally call the ambassador and , if that did n't work , a contact at the State Department . An unidentified high-ranking member in the State Department allegedly responded by telling Menendez that he agreed with the visa decision . Nevertheless , a few weeks later the sisters were re-interviewed and this time their visas were approved . Lopes emailed a colleague after and wrote that it was ` ONLY DUE to the fact that RM intervened . ' Menendez next helped Melgen in 2007 , when the doctor was trying to get another young woman to visit him in the U.S. . The woman identified as ` girlfriend 3 ' in court documents is described as a Ukrainian actress and model who was 20 years old and living in Spain around the time at Menendez intervened in her immigration process . According to the indictment , a Menendez staffer reached out to the U.S. consul general in Madrid on behalf of a ` famous person in Spain ' who was a ` good friend ' of Melgen and needed a visa to ` undergo medical evaluation for plastic surgery in the U.S ' . ` Dr Melgen is a person of the highest caliber , ' Menendez wrote . ` He is a fine citizen and held in high esteem by his peers . ' It 's believed that ` girlfriend 3 ' is model Svitlana Buchyk , now 28 , a woman who has been tied to Melgen and who lived in Spain before moving to Florida . Svitlana made headlines in Florida in 2010 when she crashed a car that was registered in Melgen 's wife 's name . At the time , Buchyk gave police Melgen 's address in North Palm Beach as her own . When contacted the the Miami Herald at the time , she told the paper that she worked for Melgen in the past but would not describe what that work involved . ` He treated me well , ' she said . ` He had money . He was very generous . ' She now allegedly goes by the name Lana Moyzuk and lives in Los Angeles . Employee ? Melgen 's alleged mistress Svitlana Buchyk -LRB- pictured -RRB- made headlines in Florida in 2010 when she crashed a car belonging to Melgen 's wife . She told the Miami Herald at the time that she used to work for Melgen , but would not saw in what capacity . It appears Melgen may have been juggling women in 2007 , when he brought Buchyk to the U.S. , since he also reportedly started dating a famous Brazilian actress that same year . Menendez is also accused of intervening to help this woman to the U.S. a few years later , when she wanted to study law at the University of Miami . The Post has identified ` girlfriend 1 ' as 34-year-old Juliana Lopes Leite , who once appeared on Brazil 's version of Big Brother and posed nude in several magazines before her move to the U.S. to become a lawyer . The indictment says Menendez knew Leite was one of Melgen 's paramours when he agreed to help with her visa application , ordering his adviser Lopes to write a letter in the woman 's favor to the State Department . In the letter , lopes wrote that Leite ' -LRB- no relation to me -RRB- has her visa application appointment in Brasilia , Brazil , tomorrow ... Sen. Menendez would like to advocate unconditionally for Dr. Melgen and encourage careful consideration of -LSB- Girlfriend 1 -RSB- 's visa application . ' The State Department got back to Menendez 's office in just a few hours later and the following day Leite 's visa was approved . She graduated from the University of Miami in 2011 , and still resides in the city as a lawyer . Melgen is also facing charges in the indictment unsealed this month , in addition to separate 76-count indictment for Medicaid fraud . He remains behind bars at the Federal Detention Center in Miami after being deemed a flight risk . Meanwhile , Menendez continues his role as chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and has raised $ 1.3 million for his legal defense fund .