Over the years I 've been lucky enough to play with a lot of accomplished women golfers , including two former world No 1 's in Lorena Ochoa and Laura Davies . But none of these encounters prepared me for playing 18 holes with Charley Hull , the best teenage golfer in Britain . Suffice to say : I knew she was good but I did n't appreciate she was so damn good . The venue was Turnberry and a media day for the Ricoh Women 's British Open in July . The sun was shining , Ailsa Craig was shimmering in the distance and Hull put on a shot-making clinic . Charley Hull can make it to the very top of the women 's game if she carries on her progression . Teenager Hull possesses the same ` wow ' factor as world No 1 Rory McIlroy -LRB- below -RRB- . One of the nice things for me about playing golf with the women pros is we usually hit the ball about the same length . Not on this day . Hull hit drives that pitched past mine . She positively exudes the ` wow ' factor Rory McIlroy had at the same age . Like Rory , she 's also easy company . Normally the way these things work is for the journalist to kick start conversations but Hull asked more questions than I did . She wanted to know everything about the course , from the historic role of the celebrated lighthouse to the war memorial that offers sober reflection to golfers on the back nine . The 19-year-old was keen to know about the revamp planned by the Trump family , who recently purchased Turnberry , under the guidance of course architect Martin Ebert . Again , like Rory , there 's the requisite amount of steel . ` I 'd hit a five iron off this tee to stay short of the bunkers , ' advised her caddy Gary Wildman , on the opening hole . ` No , I want to hit a driver , ' replied Hull . She hit a driver . Indeed , she hit a driver off every tee , which is the way she likes to do things in practice . ` I just find taking on the holes makes me concentrate , ' she explained . Again , like Rory , the driver also happens to be the best club in her bag . The 19-year-old has the same mentality and ` wow factor ' as world No 1 Rory McIlroy . It puts her in the vanguard of the next revolution set to sweep the women 's game . After the emergence of the Koreans and the revival of the Americans , get set for the power hitters to leave their mark in the same way their male counterparts hold sway in the men 's version . Hull is part of a group that includes Thai rookie Ariya Jutanugarn and American Lexi Thompson . Hull has added 25 yards to her drive since hooking up with swing coach Matt Belsham earlier this year . Again , like McIlroy -- there could be a theme here -- her swing is so good she uses blade irons -LRB- she might be the only woman to do so -RRB- , which are the preserve of the technically sound . American Lexi Thompson is another highly-touted golfer in women 's golf and will challenge Hull . What 's next for the girl from Kettering who plays at Woburn and who finished No 1 in Europe last year , the youngest to do so ? She has now earned her privileges to play in America and clearly that is the next proving ground . Her plan is to be the best player in the world at 21 -- the year McIlroy reached the summit -- which might be a tall order given the present incumbent happens to be 13 months younger and won yet again in America on Sunday . Hull speaks in respectful tones about Lydia Ko . They played together in New Zealand recently , where the home favourite shot a course-record 61 to Hull 's 64 . ` It was just an amazing day , and I hope we have many more , ' said Hull . Hull has ambitions to be the best in the world and she has a good chance of doing just that . The great advantage she will have over Ko going forward is the fact she hits the ball significantly further . But will she hole enough putts to make it count ? On this day , she holed nothing of any length and still breezed round the Ailsa Course in 68 strokes . Hull recalled the last time she played Turnberry , in the Health Perception Championship . She was nine at the time , and stood 4ft 7in tall . ` This was where I got knocked over by the wind , ' she said , standing on the 11th tee . How typical that she got back up to win the event . A decade on , she 'll take some knocking over this July ... and beyond .