A high school teenager 's romantic prom proposal ended in disaster when his date burst into tears . Daniel Pena had spent hours planning the perfect way to pop the question to his girlfriend Alex. The pair had been driving along a route together where , unbeknownst to his girlfriend , Daniel had erected a series of signs along the road . A teen 's attempt to ask his girlfriend to the prom ended in tears when she misunderstood the proposal . Together they read : ` Alex. Will . You . Marry . LOL Jk . Go To . Prom . With Me . ' The final question mark was hidden in the car ready for the teen to pull out at the end to ask his girlfriend in person . But sadly his elaborate set-up did not quite go to plan after Alex missed the crucial first sign with her name on . The pair had been driving together when , unknown to his girlfriend , Daniel Pena had erected a series of signs . Girlfriend Alex missed the crucial first sign with her name on but caught the second two which read : Will ... you ... Marry . She caught the next which read : Will ... you ... Marry and gasped as she saw the next , LOL JK , which revealed the marriage proposal as a joke . Reading out the final signs - Go To . Prom . With Me - Daniel had prepared to present her with the question mark to ask the question . But the romantic mood quickly turned sour when Alex , who was not aware that her boyfriend was behind the attempt , criticized his carefully planned out proposal . ` That 's a really s **** y way to ask someone to prom , ' she said . She gasped when the next sign revealed the marriage proposal as a joke when she read LOL JK , meaning ` just kidding ' The next signs read Go To . Prom . With Me , and Daniel had the final question mark in the car ready to show his girlfriend . Poor Daniel 's face drops when she dismisses his proposal but does n't let on it was him , simply saying ` well , ok . ' Suddenly the penny dropped and a mortified Alex , realizing her embarrassing blunder asked him ` Was that you ? ' before bursting into guilt-ridden tears . Luckily there was a happy ending to the disastrous proposal as , after wiping away her tears , Alex said yes . Whether Daniel will want to go with her to the prom is another question . Elaborate filmed ` PromPosals ' -LRB- prom proposals -RRB- are on the rise in the States as teens attempt to outdo each other . But things quickly turned sour when Alex dismissed the attempt saying : ` That 's a really s **** y way to ask someone to prom ' Daniel 's face drops when Alex criticizes his carefully planned out proposal but he does n't yet let on it was him . Several teens filmed themselves holding up signs asking their dates to prom , while others got more inventive , writing it on trees , in pretzels or scrawled across a burrito . Devan Cavanaugh even wrote her Harry Potter-style proposal , with train ticket from Platform 9 3/4 to her date Daniel Reyna . While Stephen Pack organised an afternoon-long scavenger hunt to ask his date Mimi Seel to the prom . Hiding clues in places that were special to the couple , he then gathered an army of friends to help pull his big ask off . The final destination is where Stephen and Mimi had their first kiss but even his proposal was not perfect - Stephen left the final clue in his car . After a quick fetch , she pieced his question together and said yes . Suddenly the penny drops and she eventually realizes the prom proposal was for her and had come from her boyfriend . With worry across her face , the panic-ridden Alex asks Daniel who has begun to grin ` was that you ? ' When he confirms it was him , Alex bursts into tears and Daniel is left to console his sobbing girlfriend , but there was a happy ending as once she 'd finished crying from guilt , she said yes .