It seems a late-night dinner at a fancy restaurant or a bouquet of flowers was not enough to make up for what this person had done . But one desperate man has forked out nearly $ 4000 for a written message in the sky in an attempt to seek forgiveness . Brisbane locals were left scratching their heads after the mysterious message ` I 'm sorry ' followed by a love heart and two crosses for kisses was splashed across the city 's clear blue sky on Monday afternoon . The aerial apology hovered above the CBD at about 1 pm , prompting several people to jump onto social media to question and voice their theories about who had done what . One desperate man has forked out nearly $ 4000 for a written message in the sky in a bid to seek forgiveness . The aerial apology was followed by a love heart and two crosses for kisses on Monday afternoon . Jordan Miller tweeted on Twitter : ` I 'm not sure what he did but that 's a big apology !! Lucky he screwed up on a clear day ! What if it were overcast ? ' He followed with another tweet : ` Men of Brisbane . If you 've screwed up in the last 24 hrs have your partner look at the sky right now . You 're welcome . ' ABC reporter Kathy McLeish posted : ` Giant sky-writing apology over Brisbane CBD ... Must have been bad . . ' While the author and recipient remain a mystery , the creation behind the message was Rob Vance , of Skywriting Services Australia , who took just 10 minutes to complete the urgent appeal . ` I 'm not sure what he did but that 's a big apology !! Lucky he screwed up on a clear day ! What if it were overcast ? ' Jordan Miller tweeted . Locals quickly took to Twitter to question who the mysterious message was directed at . People have jumped to conclusion , believing the man must have done something terribly bad . An ABC reporter also took to Twitter , considering the apology was trying to make up for something bad . But the man who requested it did n't appear to be frantically lovelorn , he said . ` No , he was calm , cool and collected , ' Mr Vance told AAP . While you ca n't put a price on love , Mr Vance said the service usually charged $ 3990 for up to 10 letters or characters . Interestingly , it 's not the first time Mr Vance has made a profit from someone screwing up . ` It 's usually along the same lines - someone saying sorry and that 's basically it , ' he said . `` I 'm sorry Barbara ' or something like that . ' The author and recipient of Monday 's message remain a mystery .