Ten-year-old twin brothers obsessed with naval history had their passion come to life as they heard first-hand battle stories from their new best friend - 89-year-old World War II veteran , Robert Harding . Carter and Jack Hanson , who live in Raleigh , North Carolina , met their hero on the Yorktown - a retired carrier in Charleston , where Mr Harding served as an aircraft handler decades before , CBS reported . It was an emotional first meeting for the three friends who had been in contact for about a year via email after the twins learned about Mr Harding on their first trip to Yorktown and the Patriot 's Point museum . Scroll down for video . World War II veteran Bob Harding , of Oklahoma , began exchanging emails with Carter and Jack Hanson of Raleigh , North Carolina about a year ago . They recently had the chance to meet each other on board the Yorktown aircraft carrier where he once served . Unbreakable bond : The three friends had an emotional first meeting on the retired war ship during a recent visit to Charleston , South Carolina . Mr Harding -LRB- pictured -RRB- served as an aircraft handler on the warship many decades before his young friends were born . The friends sent each other emails every day but only got to meet on board the Yorktown recently . They spent the day exploring the ship together with the boys hearing first-hand just what life was like on board a real battleship . The boys told CBS in an interview that meeting Mr Harding , who lives in Oklahoma , has changed their lives . Carter said : ` We want to know what his voice actually sounds like . We want to touch him . We want to know him a lot more . ' The ten-year-old added : ` I just realized how amazing history can be . ' And getting first-person history lessons has n't only been good for the twins , it appeared Mr Harding had been looking for someone to share his stories with . The veteran told CBS : ` I guess I needed somebody to talk to about it . It 's surprising the way it worked out . ' The 89-year-old vet is still married and has a couple of children along with grandchildren and several great grandchildren . The Yorktown after an American revolutionary war battle and she is the fourth U.S. Navy ship to hold the name . She was renamed to commemorate USS Yorktown -LRB- CV-5 -RRB- , lost at the Battle of Midway in June 1942 . The carrier was commissioned in 1943 and was active in battles with Japan in the Pacific Theater . Mr Harding , 89 , said that meeting the boys has been great for him as he has not shared a lot of stories from the wartime . The two brothers began their obsession with naval history when they got into the game Battleship a few years previously . The USS Yorktown in Charleston Harbor in South Carolina where the warship now permanently resides as a museum . The U.S. aircraft carrier USS Yorktown -LRB- CV-10 -RRB- underway during the Marianas operation in June 1944 .