Barcelona players were put through their paces as they put the finishing touches to preparations for the Champions League quarter-final clash with French giants PSG . The first-leg of the highly anticipated tie will take place at the Parc des Princes on Wednesday . Speaking to the club 's official website , defender Adriano warned his team-mates ahead of the game they must be at their absolute best if they are to overcome PSG 's star-studded squad , which includes the likes of Zlatan Ibrahimovic , Thiago Silva and Lucas Moura . He said , ` We have to be alert throughout the match . If we make any mistakes , even small ones , they have excellent players that can break the game . ' Xavi Hernandez -LRB- centre -RRB- is challenged by Rafael -LRB- left -RRB- and Javier Mascherano -LRB- right -RRB- during training . Barcelona players are put through their paces ahead of the Champions League quarter-final with PSG . Barcelona goalkeeper Marc Andre Ter-Stegen -LRB- centre -RRB- in action during the club 's training session on Monday . Barcelona head coach Luis Enrique watches over his players in training as they prepare to travel to PSG . Barca have already encountered PSG twice during this year 's Champions League campaign , as the two sides were drawn together in the group stage . The Catalans triumphed 3-1 on home soil at the Nou Camp , but were defeated 3-2 in their last trip to the French capital . Adriano conceded that ` this game will be tricky ' and said Barcelona must brace themselves for PSG to ` come at us with a lot more intensity ' than they did earlier in the season . Claudio Bravo -LRB- centre -RRB- enjoys a joke with his team-mates during the training session before facing PSG . The full-back , who won 17 caps for Brazil between 2003 and 2013 , was also quizzed on the Brazilian players in PSG 's squad . Laurent Blanc 's side boast five Brazil internationals - in Silva , Lucas , Marquinhos , Maxwell and David Luiz . And Adriano was quick to heap praise on his fellow countrymen - ` all of them are excellent players ' - but noted Lucas in particular as the main threat for the opposition . ` Lucas we know is a dangerous player . In the games we 've seen him , he 's a player who 's very difficult to cover . ' Barcelona forward Lionel Messi controls the ball during the training session ahead of the game against PSG . Barcelona striker Neymar -LRB- left -RRB- in action during the training session at the Ciutat Esportiva on Monday .