A moment of madness from England hooker Tom Youngs handed Saracens victory but the second-placed Londoners were frustrated by their failure to earn a four-try bonus . With Leicester 6-0 up after 37 minutes , Youngs was sin-binned for a barge on Chris Ashton , who had passed the ball to Richard Wigglesworth and as he tried to return the favour Tigers Matt Smith grabbed it . Ashton was nowhere near getting the ball , which made Youngs ' action even more senseless . Saracens scored two tries with him off and the game was as good over at 14-6 when he came back . Saracens winger Chris Wyles crashes over a try despite the attention of Freddie Burns -LRB- left -RRB- and Tom Youngs . Sarries No 8 Billy Vunipola makes a trademark bullocking run into the heart of the Tigers defence . Tigers director of rugby Richard Cockerill said : ` If you block a bloke you are going to get penalised and probably go to the bin . ` It is cynical and it was a moment of madness but he does a lot of good things for us . I was disappointed with our discipline because you ca n't do that . It gets you in trouble and it did today . ' Billy Vunipola scored after Youngs ' exit and Marcelo Bosch scored after the break . After Youngs came back , Chris Wyles went over for a third after some shocking defence and with more than half-an-hour left Saracens should have earned a bonus point . Saracens and England lock George Kruis makes a bust through the Leicester midfield . Tigers full back Mathew Tait tries to offload following a crunching hit from Saracens substitute Scott Spurling . With Vunipola in rampaging form Christmas and Ashton lively again they were odds-on to do it but they spent the time defending , marshalled by Brad Barritt , and failed to score a fourth try yet again -- which could come back to haunt them in the end-of-season play-offs . Director of rugby Mark McCall said : ` There is frustration in the dressing room because we scored our third try after 48 minutes and not much happened after that . ` We have scored three tries in nine different Premiership games and those bonus points could be crucial in terms of home semi-finals . ' Saracens fly half Charlie Hodgson attempts a conversion from the sideline at Allianz Park .