Maths is a subject you either understand and enjoy or struggle through feeling rather bored . But a maths teacher from Biola University in La Mirada , California , may have just created the most interesting lesson ever . Matthew Weathers , who often posts videos of himself tricking his class on his YouTube channel , put in a great deal of planning to pull off a lesson that would have engaged even the sleepiest student at the back of the room . Matthew Weathers , a teacher at Biola University in California , often posts videos of himself tricking his class . This amusing clip would have engaged even the sleepiest student at the back of the room . Acting inconspicuously , Mr Weathers announces to his class that if they have any trouble with some of the things he has gone over in the lesson , they can look up the answers in one of his many helpful videos . Loading one up on his screen in demonstration , the teacher watches a bit of the video before noticing that the content is backwards and stating that he is embarrassed . After acknowledging his supposed blunder again , the recorded version of Mr Weathers on the video screen suddenly halts his virtual lesson to confront the teacher in the classroom . The two then begin arguing before the virtual teacher states : ` Oh , I 'm embarrassing you , well why do n't you come over here and say that to my face . ' Pretending to question his sanity , the teacher says : ` Wait , you 're just a video , how could I come over ? ' As the virtual teacher begins telling him off , the real teacher leans out and ` pushes ' the screen back . The many pupils in the class can then be heard laughing in astonishment as his virtual counterpart begins pushing the side of the screen and shuffling towards the teacher . As the virtual teacher begins telling him off , the real teacher leans out and pushes the screen back to where it was originally . The man in the video stumbles as the pupils laugh hysterically at what they are seeing . Continuing to argue , the pair fight against each other and shove the video box from left to right before the teacher announces that his counterpart needs sorting out . He then moves the top part of his body behind the large projection screen and miraculously appears on the screen of the computer . The many pupils in the class can then be heard laughing in astonishment during the argument . Fighting against each other some more , the pair then start throwing the computer 's icons from the dashboard at each other -- one flying past the virtual screen and into the room . Managing to break free from the box , the virtual teacher turns the tables and ` traps ' the real teacher inside , telling him that he is now stuck inside the video . Wearing a baseball cap sideways , the rogue teacher closes the video causing the top-half of the real teacher to disappear before heading over to the legs -- that dangle from beneath the screen -- and attaching himself to them . The teacher then re-emerges from behind the screen wearing the baseball cap and the class erupt with laughter . The video concludes with the teacher announcing a quiz and the class clapping in admiration .