Nick Clegg was heckled over his broken tuition fees pledge today as he ramped up his attack on George Osborne -- with a stark warning that the Tory Chancellor is ` a very dangerous man ' . The Deputy Prime Minister was met by protesters in Surbiton , south-west London , who chanted : ` Nick Clegg lied to me , he said uni would be free ' . Mr Clegg ignored the protesters as he stuck to his message that only the Lib Dems can be trusted to balance the budget without hitting the poor . Scroll down for video . Nick Clegg was heckled by tuition fees protesters while out campaigning in Surbiton , South West London , today - while Lib Dem supporters tried to intervene . Nick Clegg was in Kingston and Surbiton to campaign with fellow Cabinet member , Secretary of State for Energy and Climate Change , Ed Davey today . The Lib Dem leader 's campaign stop came after he launched a furious attack on the ` ideological ' cuts planned by the Tories . Speaking to Tony Blair 's former spin doctor Alastair Campbell in May 's edition of GQ magazine , Mr Clegg said the chancellor 's plans would do ` so much damage ' . He added : ` I do n't know of a developed economy that wants to do something as rigidly ideological as he wants to do , to balance the books through public spending reductions alone , not tax , with one section , the working poor , taking the biggest hit . ` I find it socially and morally unacceptable , but also economically a disaster . ' The ` dramatic lurch to the right ' involves a ` harder approach than anything the arch-Thatcherites would do ' and would ` destroy public services ' , he said . Mr Clegg added : ` George Osborne is a very dangerous man with a very dangerous plan , and I will do everything in my power to stop it . ' In contrast , Mr Clegg said the Prime Minister was ` a classic traditional shire Tory ' , adding : ` I can live with that . ' He said Mr Cameron was ` very much a Tory , and in that tradition he is not too much about grand vision ' . The Deputy Prime Minister launched a furious attack on the ` ideological ' cuts planned by the Tories . Mr Clegg met seven-month-old Elise Popperwell and her mother Melissa Popperwell in South West London this morning . The Deputy Prime Minister said David Cameron was ` a classic traditional shire Tory ' , adding : ` I can live with that . ' Asked about Ed Miliband , Mr Clegg said he was a ` perfectly nice guy , personable , as is David Cameron ' . The Lib Dem leader said he wanted his party back in government ` because Osborne 's ideological assault on public services has to be stopped ' and ` Ed Miliband and Ed Balls ' head-in-the-sand approach to public spending has to be challenged , because it would be really bad for the economy ' . Treasury Secretary Danny Alexander meanwhile claimed that a top Tory told him ` you take care of the workers and we 'll take care of the bosses ' , in a private Whitehall meeting to discuss the Coalition Government 's priorities . Mr Alexander said it showed that David Cameron and George Osborne were guilty of ` breathtaking hypocrisy ' for trying to claim responsibility for raising the threshold at which people pay tax - while privately arguing for tax cuts for the better-off . He said : ` In March 2012 , when the economy was still in the very early stages of recovery , we wanted to do a very big increase in the personal allowance to put a lot of money back into folks ' pockets . The Tories ' priority at the time was the top rate of tax . ` I remember one meeting with a group of senior Conservatives and one of them said , ` listen , you take care of the workers and we 'll take care of the bosses ' .