A transgender comedian is the latest real life model to star in a campaign for clothing label ModCloth , in which she models a variety of her favorite feminine styles . Rye Silverman , 32 , a Los Angeles-based writer and self-confessed ` gender rebel ' , has been a fan of ModCloth 's designs for years , and often posts pictures of herself wearing the clothing on the company 's Style Gallery , an open fashion forum where customers can showcase how they have styled each item to suit their own personal tastes . It was through these images that Rye caught the eye of the label 's executives , who were quick to contact her about starring as one of ModCloth 's monthly Fashion Truth campaign stars , a group of individuals who help the brand to get across the message that fashion is for everyone , no matter what their size , shape or gender . Fashion star : Comedian Rye Silverman -LRB- pictured -RRB- is the newest star of ModCloth 's Fashion Truth campaign . Dressed to impress : The 32-year-old Los Angeles resident has long-been a fan of the brand 's clothing collection , and frequently posts images of herself on the ModCloth open fashion forum . ` Five years ago today , I came out of the closet , ' Rye explained on the ModCloth website . ` Today , these are the clothes that came out of my closet . ` I try to have new adventures or do things that scare me . That 's what my cross-country moves -LSB- from Ohio to New York to LA -RSB- were about , and in a big way , my coming out as transgender . ` I 'd started getting real open and honest onstage in my act , and one day I realized I could n't really be honest if I was living a lie . So I guess that 's what the most important thing is to me , living an honest , real life and not holding back . ` I waited years for someone to come along and tell me that it was okay to be myself before I finally realized that someone was me . That 's what fashion is all about for me - taking how you feel and using your style as an expression of that . ' While speaking to the brand about the campaign , Rye explained how society 's attitude toward her has changed since she made the decision to come out as a transgender , noting that many people feel that they are entitled to question her motives for doing so . Breaking out : Rye , who came out as a transgender when she was 27 , says that ` living an honest life ' is the most important thing to her . Personal style : One of Rye 's favorite items from the ModCloth range is the Mewseum Visit Dress -LRB- L -RRB- , but she admits she enjoys experimenting with her style . ` I think the downright most rude thing is when people flat out just ask me about my plans for transitioning , usually some variation on if I intend to have surgery or not , which is an extremely personal question if you break it down . It 's basically `` So what 's up with your junk ? '' ' she explained . ` It 's also an issue because it puts an emphasis on specific treatments as being indicative of if someone is or is n't `` really '' trans . That can be a really dangerous attitude to run into for someone who 's just coming to terms with themselves or on the cusp of coming out . ' When it comes to her sense of style , Rye admits that she loves experimenting with different ensembles and trends . ' -LSB- My sense of style -RSB- evolves over time but I think right now my best way of describing it is a bit of a quirky or edgy twist on vintage , ' she explained . ` I love rockabilly-type stuff or circle skirts that have interesting prints on them . ` The two garments I currently get the most positive responses to are my Mewseum Visit Dress from ModCloth and my PacMan-themed circle skirt . I 've noticed in the last year or so more and more of my skirts and dresses have fun prints . But when I 'm kind of just looking for a more relaxed , chill look I shift into a more 90s vibe . ' Polka dot : Rye was chosen to feature in the campaign by ModCloth 's co-creator Susan Koger . Call for change : ModCloth 's Fashion Truth campaign hopes to prove that fashion is accessible to everyone , no matter their shape , size , gender or style . In honor of her starring role in the campaign , and her ongoing love of fashion , ModCloth has actually named a dress from its range after Rye , the aptly-named All About Rye Dress . ModCloth 's Fashion Truth campaign was first launched back in September , pledging at the time that the company would endeavor to feature diverse , real life models , and offer a variety of clothing sizes and styles . Earlier this year , the brand used a group of its own employees as models for its most recent swimwear campaign , with the aim of proving that its styles were fit for real people of all shapes and sizes . ` The real hope around this is that we are putting the idea in everyone 's heads that every size and shape and body , every single person - every woman - is just beautiful , ' ModCloth employee-turned-model Christen DiClaudio said of the campaign at the time . ` And as long as she is trying to be the best version of herself , which we say a lot here at ModCloth , that 's perfect . We hope that this is eventually the regular mindset in our society : that the best version of yourself is the best version there is . '