If relations between Cuba and America have recently thawed , then there may well be a new battle between the two countries on the horizon . Cuban bikini babe Kathy Ferreiro , 21 , is vying to steal Kim Kardashian 's crown for having the curviest booty in America . The Miami-based Latina , who has already been dubbed the ` Cuban Kim Kardashian ' by the city 's fashion crowd , is well known for strutting her stuff on the region 's balmy beaches . Scroll down for video . Cuban beauty Kathy Ferreiro has proved a hit on social media with fans loving photos of her curves , which the Miami-based bikini-loving babe says are 100 per cent natural . And she loves a selfie ! The 21-year-old is being tipped by the Miami fashion crowd to rival Kim Kardashian . Pneumatic proportions ... but nothing about her derrière has been photoshopped according to Kathy , who works for a skin cosmetics firm . And now she 's hoping for international stardom . Her Instagram and Twitter accounts are attracting new followers daily with the hourglass-shaped Latina hoping that her seemingly never-ending stream of body shots will help her to emulate some of Kim 's success . She describes herself as a ` mamasota ' , meaning ` hot ' or ` sexy ' in Spanish and is as fond of belfies and selfies as her idol . Her Instagram profile ` Kathyzworld ' is awash with photos of her working out in the gym and posing next to expensive cars or on speed boats . The budding star has firmly denied that her bottom has been artificially altered , saying that her pictures are ' 100 percent real ' without any photoshopping . Is Kim quaking in her booty ? The would-be star is happy to pose for belfies at every available opportunity . Living the beach life : The aspiring celebrity showers her instagram account with photos of herself in glamorous locations . Landrovers and lycra : Kathy , who works in skincare , is partial to posing in tightly-fitting clothes . Fresh from the gym ! The super-curvy Latina is hoping to be Cuba 's answer to Kim Kardashian and has a huge following in Colombia and other Latin American countries . By day , Kathy works as a distributor for a skin cosmetics firm , but by night she can be found partying and socialising around Miami 's most fashionable night spots . The star has a huge following in Colombia and other Latin American countries and her mantra is ` life is beautiful ' . Her champion , PR Guru John Chant said : ` She really is the new kid on the block and has arrived with a big bang . ` The great thing is her body is all natural and that is why she is drawing so much attention . She 's a gorgeous girl with curves in all the right places . ` In my opinion it wo n't be long before we see here face and butt plastered everywhere . All I can say is Kim Kardashian , look out ! '