A dismembered body discovered at a flat in Wales has been identified as Tracey Woodford , police said , as a man was arrested over her murder . The 47-year-old is believed to have been attacked in woodland in Pontypridd on Tuesday before being taken back to the property of a man she is thought to have left a town centre pub with , officers said . Her body was discovered with ` massive injuries ' around 3 pm on Friday afternoon , prompting police to launch a murder investigation . A man named locally as Christopher May , 50 , has been arrested . Police confirmed yesterday they had been given an extra 36 hours to question the suspect . Scroll down for video . A dismembered body discovered at a flat in Wales has been identified as Tracey Woodford -LRB- above -RRB- who has been missing since Tuesday , police revealed . Ms Woodford was last seen by her family at around 12.45 pm on April 21 in Rhydyfelin . She was reported missing the next day and her body was discovered after police received information she was with a man at the Skinny Dog pub for around two hours that night and left the premises with him . A police spokesman said : ` Police officers then visited the suspect 's address and , following a search of the property , discovered a body . The suspect was arrested on suspicion of murder . ` A 50-year-old man remains in police custody and is assisting police with our enquiries . ' After discovering the body police cordoned off an area surrounding nearby Pontypridd Rugby Club 's Sardis Road stadium and officers were seen searching the undergrowth . At least four South Wales Police vans and one helicopter took part in the operation , prompting speculation from local residents . Detective Superintendent Paul Hurley described the events surrounding Ms Woodford 's death as ` tragic ' . In a press conference he said : ` The events have had a profound effect on her family and the wider community , especially given the harrowing circumstances of her death . Her body was discovered with ` massive injuries ' at the property -LRB- above -RRB- yesterday afternoon , prompting police to launch a murder investigation . An officer stands guard near a trailer covered with blue tarpaulin . Detective Superintendent Paul Hurley described the events surrounding Ms Woodford 's death as ` tragic ' She was reported missing the next day and her body was discovered after police received information she was with a man at the Skinny Dog pub -LRB- above -RRB- for around two hours on Tuesday night . ` There are well established communities in the South Wales Valleys . I know those communities will rally around Tracey 's family . ' He added that police want to speak to anybody who thinks they may have information that can help the investigation . They are particularly interested in those who noticed anything suspicious near Andrews Court , Rickards Street , or near the rugby ground . ` No matter how insignificant the information may seem , we would like people to contact us , ' he said . ` We have a team of detectives and the support of specialist resources working on this inquiry and while we understand it will alarm the community , this is an isolated incident and we do have somebody in custody . ' Police have cordoned off an area surrounding Pontypridd Rugby Club , near to where the body was found . Neighbours at the flat complex are shocked at the latest updates . One said : ` It is just too shocking to think about . You dread to think about that poor woman and what she went through . ' Another added : ` Tracey had her problems over the years but she was loved by her family . ` No-one deserves to die like this . It does n't bear thinking about . ' Reverend Michael Gable , a local vicar , also paid tribute . A 50-year-old man was arrested after police found the body at a property in Pontypridd . Above , an officer and a sniffer dog search nearby . Police are now appealing for anyone with information to come forward . Above , an officer near the scene . He said : ` It 's a tragic situation . The community will be upset and concerned by this news . We send our thoughts and prayers to those involved . ' A neighbour said : ` Tracey was loved by her family . No-one deserves to die like this . It does n't bear thinking about . ' Ms Woodford 's next of kin have been informed but have not yet commented . A post-mortem is likely to take place today . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .