Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon boasted tonight how a brand-new £ 1billion hospital in Glasgow had been ` entirely funded ' by Scottish taxpayers . Ms Sturgeon said the state-of-the-art South Glasgow University Hospital -- which opened today complete with a fleet of robots delivering linen , a children 's cinema and helicopter landing pad -- proved the SNP 's commitment to the NHS . But Ukip said the hospital had been funded with English taxpayers ' money ` shovelled ' to Holyrood -- despite gaping holes in hospital funding south of the border . Scroll down for video . South Glasgow University Hospital opened today complete with a fleet of robots delivering linen , a children 's cinema and helicopter landing pad . The UK 's newest hospital has been nicknamed the ` Death Star ' by locals because of its giant 14-storey star-shaped design , topped by a landing pad for aircraft . The striking atrium reaches up the entire height of the building , which replaces four ageing hospitals across Glasgow , some of which date back to Victorian times . The hospital has an interactive display for children developed with the Glasgow Science Centre . The former head of the NHS Sir David Nicholson delivered a stark warning earlier this month over the black hole in hospital finances . Sir David said there was a ` substantial financial problem ' at the heart of the NHS and claimed the financial peril it faces will soon be ` crystal clear ' . The NHS will not publish this year 's accounts until after the UK general election on May 7 . But by December 2014 , more than two out of three NHS hospitals were in the red . Last year , nineteen NHS trusts were referred to ministers after auditors raised concerns about their financial health . One of those referred was Hinchingbrooke , which is the first hospital trust to be run by a private firm , Circle . Despite the growing crisis in funding for NHS England , the SNP has demanded even more cash for Scotland . Dr David Stewart , the medical director for NHS Greater Glasgow and Clyde , said the South Glasgow University Hospital ` allows us to truly bring healthcare into the 21st Century ' SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon has claimed the amazing building proves her party 's commitment to the NHS . There are self-service check-in machines and nearly all of the 1,100 beds have their own room , with an en-suite bathroom and views out over the city . The super hospital has a cinema and a roof garden in the children 's wing and is the latest to be built in the UK . The building 's full 14-storeys can be appreciated as soon as patients , visitors and staff enter the atrium . The hospital cost £ 842m but the medical equipment inside has brought the final total closer to £ 1billion . Public funding north of the border is typically 20 per cent higher than in England -- with Scots receiving an extra £ 1,200 on their health care alone . SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon , appearing on BBC Newsnight tonight , defended the scale of public funding north of the border - and vowed to push for even more . Last year , nineteen NHS trusts were referred to ministers after auditors raised concerns about their financial health . One of those referred was Hinchingbrooke , which is the first hospital trust to be run by a private firm , Circle . Public funding north of the border is typically 20 per cent higher than in England -- with Scots receiving an extra £ 1,200 on their health care alone . The average public spending per person in the UK is just under £ 9,000 -- but only £ 8,700 in England . This compares with some £ 10,275 in Scotland . Wales , meanwhile , receives £ 10,000 -- while Northern Ireland gets £ 11,000 , the highest across the UK . Hinchingbrooke Hospital in Cambridgeshire was the first NHS hospital to be taken over by private management in 2012 . It entered into an agreement with Circle , an organisation of private healthcare consultants , after facing closure . But in January bosses announced the hospital was to return to NHS management after a Care Quality Commission report deemed it ` inadequate ' . It was placed into special measures alongside 19 of the country 's most crisis-hit facilities as a result of the inspection . But insiders expressed concern the inspection was the product of Labour supporters trying to negatively portray the privatisation of the NHS . The Mail repeatedly highlighted concerns by MPs and doctors that the inspection was flawed and a sabotage attempt by those opposed to privatisation . One of the inspectors was a member of the campaign group Keep Our NHS Public while another was a senior figure in the British Medical Association , the doctors ' trade union , who had previously spoken out about the dangers of private firms ' involvement in the NHS . Since the initial report the hospital 's status has been upgraded to ` Requires Improvement ' . Following Circle 's announcement that it had withdrawn from the contract it was returned to NHS management . Scotland is guaranteed extra public funding by the controversial Barnett formula used by the Treasury to dole out taxpayers ' money around the UK . Despite receiving thousands of pounds more per person already , Ms Sturgeon this morning vowed to use any influence after the election to push for more even public spending in Scotland . The SNP manifesto also calls for even more health spending over the next five years -- vowing to wring out an extra £ 9.5 billion from UK taxpayers every year by 2020 . This would mean a total increase for Scotland 's NHS of £ 2billion . Ms Sturgeon this afternoon defended the level of health spending north of the border -- by pointing to the new Glasgow super hospital . The South Glasgow University Hospital -- the UK 's newest hospital -- has been nicknamed the ` Death Star ' by locals because of its giant 14-storey star-shaped design , topped by a landing pad for aircraft . The hospital cost £ 842m but the medical equipment inside has brought the final total closer to £ 1billion . There are self-service check-in machines , and nearly all of the 1,100 beds have their own room , while a fleet of robots deliver linen and other goods via a network of underground tunnels . The hospital replaces four ageing hospitals across Glasgow , some of which date back to Victorian times . Dr David Stewart , the medical director for NHS Greater Glasgow and Clyde said the hospital ` allows us to truly bring healthcare into the 21st Century ' . But a Ukip spokesman told MailOnline the hospital has been built using English money . He said the people of Glasgow were ` very lucky to have their new hospital ' . But he added : ` The people of England and Wales should be proud of the contributions they have made to it , while not funding their own public services to the same degree ' . It comes after Nigel Farage used the ` challengers ' TV debates to attack the Barnett formula used for dishing out cash around the UK . He said : ` We 've had enough of shovelling all that money over Hadrian 's Wall . ' It also comes amid growing pressure on English hospitals ' finances , amid warnings of a financial ` black hole ' . Former NHS chief Sir David Nicholson said there was a ` substantial financial problem ' at the heart of the NHS and claimed the financial peril it faces will soon be ` crystal clear '