Nadine Coyle and Coleen Rooney showed off their caring sides today as they joined forces with Cancer Research 's Race For Life . Ahead of the summer runs , the ladies have also lent their faces to the ad campaign for the drive . The ladies ditch their usual sharply-dressed style for a Game of Thrones-style makeover - complete with flowing tresses and defiant stares . Scroll down for video . Coleen Rooney -LRB- left -RRB- and Nadine Coyle -LRB- right -RRB- have joined forces with Cancer Research for Race For Life . Dressed in ethereal light pink gowns and feathered headdresses , the woman echo a hippy spirit as they look into the lens . Fashion designer Coleen , 28 , and singer Nadine , 29 , are hoping the shots will encourage women from across the UK , regardless of their age , shape or fitness level , to join the female-only event . The race raises money that goes towards research into over 200 types of cancer affecting both men and women . Coleen said : ` I am so thrilled to be supporting Cancer Research UK 's Race for Life . Regardless of your age or how fit you are , everyone can take part or sponsor someone . ' Coleen wears an intricate feathered headdress for the campaign pictures . Nadine was given ribbon-braided hair for her photoshoot . She continued : ` The money raised is vital to help beat this horrible disease . So gather your girls , sign up , and let 's beat cancer sooner . ' Nadine added : ` I am incredibly proud to be supporting Cancer Research UK 's Race for Life this year . ` Cancer has affected too many loved ones and it 's time to fight back . ` Everyone who runs , walks or sponsors someone at Race for Life events this summer will make a huge difference in the fight against cancer . ` Let 's show cancer that hell hath no fury like a woman in pink ! ' Women can take part in 5K , 10K and Pretty Muddy events by going to www.raceforlife.org . Fashion designer Coleen , 28 , -LRB- left -RRB- and singer Nadine , 29 , -LRB- right -RRB- are hoping the shots will encourage women from across the UK , regardless of their age , shape or fitness level , to join the female-only event .