Security officers were out in force at Los Angeles International Airport on Saturday , allegedly after officials found out ISIS called for attacks on uniformed personnel as part of a possible terror plot . The FBI is investigating and security is being increased at other airports in Southern California because of a ` known threat ' to LAX from ISIS , according to a federal law enforcement official . The investigation and security increase started after intercepted communication and other intelligence information led officials to believe that a plot could be under way . Scroll down for video . Security is being increased at airports in Southern California because of a ` known threat ' from ISIS at LAX . Officials found out earlier that ISIS called for attacks on uniformed personnel as part of a possible terror plot . The federal law enforcement official did not say whether this was a new threat . The Transportation Security Administration alerted local law enforcement agencies responsible for security at the other airports , although the possible threat was not necessarily related to aviation , CNN reported . It added that some US cities had increased their security , but gave no further details . Officials are concerned about threats to uniformed personnel or locations that lone wolves may want to target , US officials told NBC News on Friday . Despite the new security increase , officials said the possible threat was not necessarily related to aviation . Los Angeles World Airports said : ` We are constantly adjusting our deployment strategies , and as a precaution , have increased the visibility of airport police . ' LAWA is the airport oversight and operations department for the City of Los Angeles , according to the Orange County Register . A Department of Homeland Security spokesman would not comment on the specific intelligence . The spokesman did say : ` Over the last few months , we have made a number of security adjustments , including enhanced screening at select overseas airports and increasing random searches of passengers and carry-on luggage on flights inbound to the US , reflecting an evolving threat picture . ' No one at the FBI was immediately available to comment . Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson also declined to comment on the reported threat to LAX . No arrests have been made .