Britain 's obsession with home ownership could be hindering the nation 's economic recovery , a leading global watchdog has said . Families in the UK are more indebted than those in many other major developed nations , said the International Monetary Fund -- mainly due to borrowing to buy expensive homes . The UK was singled out as having a problem with household debt , along with Portugal -- lumping Britain together with a country that was forced to seek emergency funding during the eurozone crisis . Families in the UK are more indebted than those in many other major developed nations , said the International Monetary Fund . The findings , in the IMF 's Global Financial Stability Report , are a stark reminder that the recovery remains fragile . ` High debt levels in the private sector continue to hinder growth and financial stability , ' the report said . ` Gross household debt in Portugal and the United Kingdom is projected to remain high compared with that of other advanced economies . ' Soaring house prices have pushed up household debt in Britain in recent years -- raising fears that families are over-stretching themselves to get on the property ladder or buy a bigger home . The Bank of England has clamped down on the sort of risky mortgage lending that was rife in the build-up to the financial crisis , in an effort to prevent another housing boom and bust . But the IMF said : ` Containing financial stability risks from housing and mortgage markets remains important . ' It also said ` measures to increase housing supply are a priority ' for the UK given the shortage of homes and swelling population . Both the Tories and Labour have promised to step-up house building after the General Election . IMF figures showed household debt in the UK was worth 87.1 per cent of gross domestic product , or total economic output , last year . That compares with 82.6 per cent in Portugal and 76.9 per cent in the United States . Debt levels are far lower in much of Europe , at 72 per cent in Spain , around 55 per cent in Germany and France , and just over 40 per cent in Italy . Douro River , Porto , Portugal : The IMF report lumped Britain together with a country that was forced to seek emergency funding during the eurozone crisis . A separate report will today claim 13million Britons will dive further into debt this year -- a 40 per cent rise on 2014 . The survey of 2,000 people found that , of the two-thirds of British adults already in debt from credit cards , overdrafts and loans , a quarter will have to borrow even more to cope . Kevin Mountford of MoneySuperMarket.com , which was behind the research , said : ` It 's important that those relying on credit keep in control of the situation , so their debt does n't spiral out of control . ` Simply working out a realistic monthly budget and cutting out unnecessary expenditure should be the first step . ' THE cost of moving house has soared to £ 12,000 , figures show . Rising estate agents ' fees , removal costs and stamp duty helped push the total bill up 60 per cent between 2004 and last year -- double the inflation rate . And it is forecast to hit £ 15,000 in five years despite recent reforms to curb stamp duty costs . The sky-high price of moving does not include the deposit -- £ 90,000 for the average buyer . Experts said it could be putting families off moving house at a time when demand for properties has already fallen away . A study by the Centre for Economics and Business Research found the bill for moving typically includes more than £ 5,000 in estate agents ' fees , £ 3,600 in stamp duty and £ 1,400 in solicitors ' conveyancing bills . Paula Higgins , of consumer group the HomeOwners ' Alliance , said : ` This is more bad news for struggling families . '