James Bond would have lasted just seven minutes into his last movie Skyfall before succumbing to fatal wounds from a uranium shot if the secret agent played by Daniel Craig was real . A group of medical experts watched the 23rd outing for Ian Fleming 's hero and concluded that Bond would have been unlikely to survive to the end of the two hour film , and would have died or been critically injured several times . Within the first seven minutes , Bond is hit by a depleted uranium shell - an armour-piercing round normally used to destroy tanks that would almost certainly have killed the hero . Scroll down for video . James Bond would have died minutes into Skyfall - after being hit by a depleted uranium shell and then falling from a speeding train , where he could easily have severed his spine . As Bond fights in an icy loch he would have been likely to have died from the cold or lack of oxygen . In a feature for Total Film , the medical experts examine several different action movies to see whether the man characters would have survived their ordeal . Other movies to undergo the medical assessment were Die Hard featuring Bruce Willis . Unsurprisingly John McClane would not have survived . According to the experts , Bond 's depleted uranium wound would have been fatal as it ` would have turned his lungs inside out and killed him ' . In the unlikely event the massive round did not cause catastrophic injuries , the radioactive nature of the ammunition ` would greatly increase his cancer risk ' . Bond cheats death throughout the two hour film , including when he is locked in a gunfight on the streets of Istanbul as he attempts to chase villain Patrice for a hard drive containing details of undercover agents . The hero effortlessly performs surgery on himself , but would have been likely to have lost too much blood . Not that growing old gracefully was ever likely for James Bond , who at one stage performs surgery on himself to remove a bullet , where he ` risks blood loss , lack of consciousness , nerve and muscle damage ' . He also faces a significant risk of infection . Even jumping from the roof of a speeding train into a river presents its own risks , which probably should not be tried by ordinary members of the public as he would likely ` sever his spinal cord or break his neck ' . 7 mins - Bond is shot in the chest by a depleted uranium bullet , likely to kill . If he had survived this the radioactive qualities of the ammunition would have increased his risk of cancer . 12 mins - The action hero is shot and then jumps from the roof of a speeding train into a river . The height of this fall would be likely to break his neck . 31 mins - After being shot Bond bravely removes a bullet from his shoulder . This DIY surgery would have led to significant blood loss as well as damaged his nerves and muscles . 2 hrs - Bond fights in an icy loch . While the temperature alone would have presented problems , fighting underwater would have significantly depleted Bond 's oxygen supply and could have caused him to drown . While James Bond 's Aston Martin DB5 has survived since 1960 , it is unlikely the man himself would have . However , filming the movie can prove slightly dangerous as Daniel Craig has recently required knee surgery after hurting himself while performing a stunt in his final Bond movie Spectre . Even Home Alone would have produced three fatalities . Marv and Harry would have likely died within hours of the movie 's end while Kevin would have been killed within the first third of the film after falling from some shelves . However , Tom Hanks in Cast Away could have plausibly survived on a desert island for four years - as long as he escaped relatively unscathed from the plane crash . Although according to the experts , 76 per cent of the time he would have died in the accident . While Bruce WIllis ' character in Die Hard , John McClane , pictured , would not have made it to the fourth movie . Tom Hanks in Castaway could have survived on the island - in the unlikely event he escaped the aircraft .