Kate Upton has one of the best bodies in the world . The blonde supermodel 's curves are so jaw-dropping that if you found yourself on the same beach as her , it would be tough not to gawp , no matter what sex you were . But as you reach for your afternoon chocolate hobnob , rest assured that the 22 year old , who wears a US size 8 -LRB- UK size 12 -RRB- , is on an extremely strict diet and exercise regime to achieve that look . Scroll down for video . Kate Upton , who appeared on the cover of the 2012 Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue , lives by the ABC rule : No alcohol , bread or processed carbohydrates . Kate , who appeared on the cover of the 2012 Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue , lives by the ABC rule : No alcohol , bread or processed carbohydrates , and goes through a 48-hour juice cleanse before every big film scene of photo shoot . In a new interview with the Evening Standard magazine , Kate reveals that she eats lean and green meals every day , with only the occasional ` cheat day ' , where she indulges in salty fried food . According to the newspaper , the star eats a combination of one whole egg and one white egg scrambled on a bed of spinach for breakfast , followed by a green juice and handful of almonds mid morning . For lunch , she has grilled chicken , grilled vegetables and quinoa and then tops up with a protein bar late afternoon . Kate only eats certain fruits - blueberries , blackberries , strawberries , kiwis and apples . Then for dinner she prepares a meal of sashimi of grilled chicken with a kale and cashew salad . Fans of red meat will also be disappointed - Kate lives by the rule ` if it flies or swims , it 's good , ' meaning bacon , steak and sausages are out of the question . She told the paper : ` For me it 's about being strong , having the strength to work ten-hour days and eating healthily . ' Even within the realms of healthy food , Kate has her limits - although most people would consider themselves virtuous for snacking on fruit , she only eats specific types , including blueberries , blackberries , strawberries , kiwis and apples . Kate is seen as a role model for young women , who are often led to believe that super skinny is beautiful . Thomas Wylde leather skirt . Sold out - Click to check out his current line at Farfetch ! Visit site . Awards season has n't officially started yet but People Magazine got in there early with their event in Los Angeles , giving us a taster for what 's to come in the new year . Less formal than the Golden Globes and Academy Awards , the red carpet was still a glamorous affair with stars like Jennifer Lopez , Jennifer Aniston , Kate Hudson and Gwen Stefani all in attendance . And the queen of va va voom , Kate Upton also graced the red carpet looking every inch the bombshell we 've come to know and love . And boy did she rock this all leather look . The sexy pencil skirt is by Thomas Wylde and is now sold out , but you can take a look at some of his current line at Farfetch -LRB- right -RRB- . Or recreate Kate 's red carpet style in one of the skirts we 've found below . Mango , Topshop , River Island and Reiss have all got great options with a price tag for every budget . Then style with heels -LRB- always -RRB- and play with contrasting textures adding a super soft cashmere knit or simple jersey tee . Mango leather skirt . Visit site . Rachel Zoe Sedona leather skirt . Visit site . River Island faux leather skirt . Visit site . Forever21 Faux leather pencil skirt . Visit site . But while Kate works hard at her figure , she is also keen to act as a role model for young women who are constantly faced with anorexic-looking models in high fashion magazines . Along with stars like Kim Kardashian , she is spearheading a change in perceptions of beauty - showing that curvy is just as beautiful as super skinny . She said : ` I 'm happy to be seen as a good example , if I can help girls who are going through body image issues , I think that 's amazing . '