Things are going well in the courtroom - and the bedroom - for TV superstar Judge Judy , according to her husband of 38 years Jerry Sheindlin . The crusty Judge , who 's Emmy-winning show was recently renewed , and her husband were in a playful mood as they celebrated her award for her work on the bench at the annual Women of the 21st Century Awards luncheon by the Women 's Guild Cedars-Sinai at the Beverly Wilshire Hotel . Judy revealed that while she has a raft of hon o rs scattered about her home , she does n't keep any of the in the bedroom . Scroll down for video . Judge Judy and Jerry Sheindlin have been married for 38 years - all told . The couple divorced in 1990 only to marry again the following year . ` I have different ones in different places . The only place I do n't have any awards out in the open is in the bedroom . Other than that they are all over , . ` I do n't know I sort of feel that is one place where I feel nobody should be getting awards . ' But her salty husband and fellow judge Jerry chimed in to dispute her claim . ` No awards ? She just gave me an award last night . I just do n't understand this . I 'm going to have to talk to her about that . ' Ask if he had just given gave fans an insight into their private lives , he smiled : ` It is a huge insight . I have this statue which proves it but she has a short memory . ' Reflecting on the honor Judy said : ` It is a lovely way for women to say to each other we support you and we support your effort . women to say to each other . This group of women all of them have been involved for decades in health issues , family health , women 's health issues and for them to recognize somebody who is not from within their family is very gratifying . ' Judy was modest when asked about being the richest women on TV earning a reported . $ 47 million a year . ` Well I do n't know about that . ' Recently she has extended her CBS contract for three years and plans to keep her court in session into 2020 . CBS Television Distribution did n't discuss terms of the deal . The Emmy-winning TV judge just renewed her TV contract with CBS for another three years . She reportedly earns $ 47 million a year - the highest paid personality on television . But the 72-year-old admitted she just loves working : ` It feels as if it is nice to have a job to go to for the next five years . ' Dr. Judy and Jerry have been married for 38 years - all told . The couple divorced in 1990 only to marry again the following year . Jerry reflected on his wife 's talent and popularity : ` She is a fabulous lady and I am glad they recognized her , and she is thrilled , absolutely thrilled ; and deservedly so . ` She is real , she 's grounded and she has this fabulous sense of humor that distinguishes her from a lot of other people . ' Her award recognized her pioneering work as a judge and innovative mentoring of young women . Founded in 1957 , Women 's Guild Cedars-Sinai is dedicated to supporting extraordinary patient care , medical programs , equipment , research , and education at Cedars-Sinai . This deeply committed group of dynamic women has raised nearly $ 50 million to support clinical and scientific advances . The Guild 's current $ 10 million dollar pledge is to the Women 's Guild Simulation Center for Advanced Clinical Skills , an immersive training environment equipped with the latest in human patient simulators and medical devices .