A former defence minister has accused world leaders of concealing the presence of aliens . Paul Hellyer , who was a Canadian minister from 1963 to 1967 , is now urging world powers to release what he believes to be hidden data on UFOs . ` Much of the media wo n't touch -LSB- the documents -RSB- ' , he said during a keynote speech at the Disclosure Canada Tour at the University of Calgary . Scroll down for video . A former defence minister has accused world leaders of concealing aliens . Paul Hellyer , who was a Canadian minister from 1963 to 1967 , is urging world powers to release what he believes to be hidden data on UFOs . ` You just have to keep working away and hope that someday you get a critical mass , ' he said , according to a report by CTV . ' -LSB- The public -RSB- will say , in one way or another , `` Mr President or Mr Prime Minister we want the truth and we want it now because it affects our lives . '' ' Hellyer , 91 , first went public with his belief in aliens on Earth in 2005 , becoming the first high ranking politician to do so . He claims that the aliens have ` been visiting our planet for thousands of years ' and are unimpressed with how we live . ` We spend too much time fighting each other , we spend too much money on military expenditures and not enough on feeding the poor and looking after the homeless and sick , ' he said . In this image , secretary of defense at the time , Robert McNamara -LRB- right -RRB- talks at the pentagon , in Washington with his Canadian counterpart , Paul Hellyer -LRB- left -RRB- , in 1963 . Hellyer is the first high ranking politician to publicly state that aliens are real . Watch the full interview here . Last year , the former Canadian defence minister declared on Russian TV that aliens are walking among us . But he said they are refusing to share their advanced technologies until we change our polluting and warring ways . He told Russia Today 's program SophieCo there are 80 different species of extra-terrestrials some of whom ` look just like us and they could walk down the street and you would n't know if you walked past one . ' In the bizarre interview , Hellyer made a series of pronouncements about aliens which grew increasingly outlandish and sounded closer to the plot of Star Trek . ` We have a long history of UFOs and of course there has been a lot more activity in the last few decades since we invented the atomic bomb , ' he said . ` They are very concerned about that and that we might use it again , because the whole cosmos as a unity , and it affects not just us but other people in the cosmos . ` They are very much afraid that we might be stupid enough to start using atomic weapons again . ' However Hellyer told SophieCo that most of the aliens want to help rather than destroy us . ` I would say that nearly all are benign and benevolent and they do want to help us , there may be one or two species which do not , ' he said . Hellyer believes aliens are responsible for some of our modern technology including the microchip , LED light and Kevlar vest , he said . He says he has never met an alien , but has seen a UFO near his cabin on Ontario 's Lake Muskoka . Hellyer described several types of aliens including ` Tall Whites ' who are working with the U.S. air force in Nevada . ` They 're able to get away with that ; they had a couple of their ladies dressed as nuns go into Las Vegas to shop and they were n't detected , ' he claimed . Another group of aliens are called ` Short Greys ' who have very slim arms and legs and are about five feet high with large heads . A third group are called ` Nordic Blondes ' and Hellyer said that if you meet one you 'd probably say , ` I wonder if she 's from Denmark or somewhere . ' Hellyer 's claims are likely to fuel conspiracy theorists who often look at Nasa images for evidence of aliens . This image was taken by Mercury-Redstone 1A on December 19 , 1960 . ` It 's actually the Earth in the background and the UFO is in space observing the Mercury capsule , ' Scott Waring recently claimed .