A woman left heartbroken following the end of a relationship asked her friends to pose ` as she was feeling ' for a therapeutic photography project . Laura Stevens ' photo series ` Another November ' captures the stages grief following the breakdown of a relationship . The British photographer , 38 , who lives in Paris , found inspiration for the series after her own painful break up . Scroll down for video . ` Jessica ' from the series Another November by Laura Stevens shows a woman sitting in a foetal position next to crumpled bed covers . ` Following the ending of a significant relationship in my life , an undoing began , ' she writes in an ` artist statement ' on her website . ` Whilst adjusting to being a single woman , I started to create a photographic narrative based on the experience of losing love ; directing other women to portray the gradual emotional and circumstantial stages , along the well-trodden track of the broken-hearted . ' The title of the series refers not only to the month in which she and her partner separated , but also the idea of looking forwards a bleak and lonely winter following a lost summer of love . The talented photographer directed other women to portray the emotional stages often experienced following a break-up from loneliness to loss of appetite and concerns over attractiveness . The photographer said the project helped her deal with her own emotions . She writes : ` By constructing images of the evolving chapters , I was allowed a vantage point from which to view the changes occurring in me , from feelings of pain , confusion and loneliness towards the reconstruction of my identity as an individual . ' The photographer , 38 , asked friends and women she met to pose based on the experience of losing love , like the one above called ` Amy ' ` Lily ' shows a nude woman in the bath , staring into the distance in a moment of melancholy . The series of staged performances by different women , who are friends of Laura 's or people she was drawn to from the street , are enacted to show an intimate moment of adjustment . ` They are seen isolated , surrounded by textures , colour and empty spaces in a room of their home in Paris , ' the artists explains . ` Another November is situated in a deliberately nostalgic present where memories are constructed and irrevocably discolour , looking back to a past not yet acquainted with loss . ` Yet , it is a reminder that time , the arranger of all things , moves only in one direction . ' ` Katherine ' demonstrates a woman sitting down for dinner alone , appearing to have lost her appetite , her dress mirroring the wilting flowers . Despite the bright coloured lights above the bed , a sombre ` Julie ' appears to struggle to get up in the morning . ` Sofia ' studies her reflection showing how the end of a relationship can often make women question their attractiveness . Although she was directing the women , Laura says they each came into the project with their own stories of loss and heartbreak they were able to process during shooting . She titled each image after the first name of the woman posing to help create greater intimacy . Some of Laura 's photos - all of women - are both erotically charged and melancholy - like this once called ` Sibylla ' Laura directed the women getting them to pose in dark and empty spaces as illustrated in this photo called Airelle . Her series of narrative portraits often represent and fictionalise personal situations . The domestic landscape serves as a backdrop , using cinematic drama and painterly aesthetics along themes of intimacy , relationships and loss . Alongside her dedication to long-term personal projects , she is a regular contributor to the press , for publications such as The Times Magazine , Le Monde , Forbes and The Washington Post . She has participated in group exhibitions at institutions including The National Portrait Gallery , The Centre for Fine Art Photography and many more . For more information visit Laura 's website . Laura says that by constructing images of the evolving chapters , she was allowed a different perspective on the changes occurring in herself . The photos show feelings of pain , confusion and loneliness as in this pictures of ` Pauline ' Laura says : ` It is a reminder that time , the arranger of all things , moves only in one direction ' as model Carole has a solo morning coffee . The images are powerfully evocative like this one called ` Gabriela ' suggesting how a break-up can represent a lost chance to become a mother . Many feature women lying on beds partially dressed and deep in thought like this one called ` Christiana ' This photo , called ` Arianna ' , shows a woman who has cut her hair , something which often happens after a break-up . Laura said they each came into the project with their own stories of loss and heartbreak . She titled each image after the first name of the woman posing to help create greater intimacy ; this one is called ` Kate ' The women are seen isolated , surrounded by textures , colour and empty spaces in a room of their own homes in Paris . Laura wanted to create a feeling of nostalgia ; looking back at the past and yearning for things to be as they once were . Her series of narrative portraits often represent and fictionalise personal situations . The portrait of 'Em ma ' shows how a break-up may involve moving out of what was once your home . To see the video in full visit LensCulture .