All schools should display posters warning pupils and parents to respect teachers , union officials have said . The ` hospital waiting-room-style ' signs are needed as rising numbers of staff are subjected to swearing and physical attacks from pupils and their families . Research from the NASUWT union shows that the majority of teachers today are verbally abused by pupils . Union officials from NASUWT say the ` hospital waiting-room-style ' signs are needed as rising numbers of staff are subjected to swearing and physical attacks from pupils and their families . The behaviour of some youngsters -- who hurl chairs , bring fireworks to school and threaten to slit other pupils ' throats -- is so horrendous that staff have refused to teach them . Some 82 per cent of 3,500 NASUWT members polled were verbally abused by pupils in the last 12 months , up from 52 per cent in the union 's survey last year . Meanwhile 38 per cent suffered similar problems with parents or carers compared with 24 per cent in 2014 . Some 23 per cent had received threats of physical assault from a pupil , up ten percentage points , and 16 per cent had actually been attacked . This was a rise of seven percentage points on last year . Some 82 per cent of 3,500 NASUWT members polled were verbally abused by pupils in the last 12 months , up from 52 per cent in the union 's survey last year . NASUWT general secretary Chris Keates blamed factors including a narrow curriculum , rising class sizes and a lack of parental support for the growing tide of indiscipline . Speaking ahead of the union 's annual conference , which opened in Cardiff yesterday , she called on the government to produce poster templates for schools , using ` strong messages ' . ` Increasingly , you go into railway stations and you see these posters which are basically saying we do n't tolerate our staff being abused , ' she said . Violent and disruptive pupils led the union to hold eight so-called refusal to teach ballots in schools last year . Here are some of the worst cases : . Birmingham . A Year One boy -LRB- age 6-7 -RRB- was not excluded despite a history of physical assaults against staff and other pupils . Following notice of NASUWT action , the boy was removed from the school roll . Cardiff . A Year Ten pupil -LRB- age 14-15 -RRB- verbally assaulted a woman teacher and threw a book which hit her face and drew blood . He was not expelled . Following notice of intention to ballot , the boy was assigned a learning support assistant at all times and was barred from the teacher 's lessons . Glasgow . An 11-year-old boy with a history of physical assaults , verbal abuse and threats of violence to teachers hurled chairs and other objects , but was excluded for only two days . The local authority moved him to another school after the NASUWT 's notice of intention to ballot . ` You go into hospitals and you see similar posters , yet the government draws back from wanting to promote that kind of thing in schools . ' Miss Keates said that teachers are seen to be ` exempt from that kind of protection and respect ' . However , posters that tell ` anyone using the premises -- pupils , visitors , parents -- that staff are not there to be abused ' give an ` important message ' . Russell Hobby , general secretary of the National Association of Head Teachers , said the posters were a ` good idea but should n't be forced ' on schools . It comes after the NASUWT launched eight ` refusal to teach ' ballots last year due to pupils being allowed back into the classroom despite their abysmal behaviour . In Gwynedd , north-west Wales , a 14-year-old girl was only temporarily suspended after threatening to slit another girl 's throat at a funfair and making a similar threat at school . She was expelled following the NASUWT 's ballot notice . Overall , 73 per cent of union members in this year 's survey believed there was a ` widespread behaviour problem in schools ' . The main causes of misbehaviour were lack of parental support -LRB- 61 per cent -RRB- and pupils coming to school not ready to learn -LRB- 44 per cent -RRB- .