A teenager had to close her mother 's shop to detain a shoplifter for three hours until police arrived -- only for them to let her off with a caution . Katie Cope , 17 , said she feared being assaulted by the agitated woman after police repeatedly refused to give her an estimated time for their arrival . She had to close the shop and put down the electronic shutter after the thief became abusive towards other customers and kept trying to leave . Let down : Store owner Eve Cope with assistant , Sol , who helped Katie to detain the shoplifter . When police finally got to the vintage clothing store , they said the stolen knickers , which had been reduced to £ 1 , were not worth enough to prosecute . Yesterday , Katie and her mother Eve Cope , 60 , told of their fury at the police 's response and accused officers of giving a ` green light ' to shoplifters by merely cautioning the 66-year-old culprit . Mrs Cope , who has owned the Baklash store in Nottingham city centre for 33 years , was away when the thief struck last Thursday . She said : ` I was really scared for the safety of my daughter . I do feel like the police let the shoplifter off . ` This must be the fifth time I have had to deal with a shoplifter in the last few years -- on one occasion I was even assaulted and hit my head on the pavement outside the shop when I tried to stop a thief . ` The police asked me to drop the case against the girl responsible because she offered to apologise and pay for the shirt she stole . ' Katie said : ` It is a ridiculous situation . I could have been in trouble if the woman had reacted aggressively to being held in the shop . ` I 'm really disappointed with the police . Letting this woman off just gives a green light to shoplifters . ' A male shop assistant called Sol was working with Katie when she spotted the shoplifter leaving with a pair of knickers in her handbag . Katie stopped the thief outside the shop at 2.50 pm and led her back inside while Sol dialled 101 -- the police non-emergency number . Katie said : ` I was not going to let her go . She did n't apologise and when police eventually got here she lied about her age and her name three times . ' Officers arrived within nine minutes after Mrs Cope , pictured outside her store , made a formal complaint . When Katie was still waiting for a police response three hours later , Mrs Cope rang to make a formal complaint and officers arrived nine minutes later , at 6.10 pm . Mrs Cope said : ` They told us that because the underwear was only priced at £ 1 , they would not prosecute . ` I told them it was n't just the value of the knickers at play here , but the fact we had lost three hours of trade by having to close . They just told me I would have to pursue a civil case for damages against the thief if I wanted to take it further . ' Local councillor Michael Edwards called the incident ` concerning ' . A spokesman for Nottinghamshire Police said : ` We aim to provide the best possible service to anyone who calls to report a crime , but in periods of high demand response times can be affected . ' Nottinghamshire Police and Crime Commissioner Paddy Tipping said : ` I am sorry that the business in question had a problem . Shoplifting is not as much of a problem as it used to be . ' However , figures from crime data analysts , UK Crime Stats , showed that in Nottingham there was a rise in shoplifting offences from 288 last February to 324 this February .