A judge has given a New York City woman permission to become the first person to legally file for divorce from her elusive husband via a Facebook message . The woman 's lawyer says the ruling was made by Manhattan Supreme Court Justice Matthew Cooper . The Daily News says Victor Sena Blood-Dzraku will be served with the divorce summons via a private Facebook message . It will be repeated once a week for three consecutive weeks or until ` acknowledged ' by Ellanora Baidoo 's hard-to-find husband . Attorney Andrew Spinnell says the couple married in 2009 in a civil ceremony . First time : Ellanora Baidoo hopes to finally begin divorce proceedings with her husband by sending him Facebook messages containing her petition to end their marriage . He says the relationship began to unravel when the defendant reneged on his promise to a traditional Ghanaian wedding ceremony as well . Because of this , the wedding was not consummated and the pair have never lived together . The ruling says Blood-Dzraku has only been in touch with his wife via phone and Facebook . Baidoo , 26 , has been ` granted permission to serve the defendant with the divorce summons using a private message through Facebook , ' wrote Manhattan Supreme Court Justice Matthew Cooper according to the New York Daily News . ` This transmittal shall be repeated by plaintiff 's attorney to defendant once a week for three consecutive weeks or until acknowledged . ' According to Cooper , the ` last address plaintiff has for defendant is an apartment that he vacated in 2011 ' . Indeed , Cooper said that Baidoo ` has spoken with defendant by telephone on occasion and he has told her that he has no fixed address and no place of employment . He has also refused to make himself available to be served with divorce papers . ' The ` post office has no forwarding address for him , there is no billing address linked to his prepaid cell phone , and the Department of Motor Vehicles has no record of him , ' The first Facebook message has been sent and Blood-Dzraku has not responded .