Chilean pickpockets have become the most effective thieves operating in central London , according to undercover police teams . Gangs of up to six follow wealthy shoppers in the West End before stealing their cash and belongings , according to the plain-clothes officers tasked with reducing theft in the area . In one example Metropolitan Police stopped two Chilean women wearing burkas after they had been spotted targeting rich Arab tourists in the Park Lane and Mayfair areas . Chilean pickpockets have become the most effective thieves operating in central London , according to undercover police teams . A bag they were carrying contained € 130,000 and £ 20,000 as well as gold and diamond jewellery . London 's busy shopping areas prove a big draw for gangs of pickpockets from around the world including Romania , Algeria and Bulgaria , reports Andy Jones on Vice . But DC Darren Bond , whose team monitors the Oxford Street , Bond Street and Regent Street areas , explained to the the website that Chilean pickpockets ` do n't mess about ' . He is quoted as saying : ` They are intelligence-led -- they do n't go after anyone but wealthy tourists -- and operate in mixed teams of three to six , often middle-aged . ` They will look like a nice family or group of businessmen to fit in . It allows them to walk through hotels unchallenged , sit down and have breakfast , then walk out with bags , laptops , etc. . They are so hard to trace . ' Plain clothes police are attempting to drive down pickpocket crimes in busy shopping areas like Oxford Street , pictured . He said many arrive in Britain on a six-month VISA before heading off on a ` European tour ' and police are constantly monitoring CCTV to keep tabs on gangs and their recruits . Organised international gangs of thieves will often spend a short time operating in London before flying to the likes of Madrid , Barcelona and Milan for the same purpose - all as part of moves to avoid detection . DC Bond , whose squad has seen a 50 per cent reduction in thefts over the last year , told Vice that ` anecdotally ' about 70 per cent of arrested pickpockets were Romanians or Bulgarians , ten per cent Algerians and five per cent Chileans with the rest UK-based . ` Big city theft is now organised , international crime with bosses and a hierarchy , ' he added .