Jose Mourinho resisted the temptation until someone mentioned defending . Arsene Wenger had been talking about how it was easier to set up a team designed primarily to defend , just as Brendan Rodgers had ventured after Chelsea 's victory at Liverpool , last year . ` It 's not easy , not easy , ' said Mourinho . ` If it was easy , you would n't lose 3-1 at home to Monaco . If he defends well he draws 0-0 against Monaco and wins in Monte Carlo . It 's not easy to defend . ' Jose Mourinho hit back at Arsene Wenger during his pre-match press conference on Friday . Arsene Wenger -LRB- left -RRB- and Mourinho have over a decade of history in the Premier League . Arsene Wenger will be sick of the sight of Didier Drogba . He has scored 13 times for Chelsea against Arsenal , averaging a goal every 87 minutes . Monaco , ouch . Mourinho is not afraid to hit where it hurts . Arsenal have been brilliant since the turn of the year , but they were downright awful at home to Monaco . They conceded three and they crashed out of the Champions League . It was a blemish to support the theory that Arsenal are fine until the pressure is on . When Chelsea crashed out of Europe they were , as usual , snarling and disputing every decision . ` Maybe you will discover the Chelsea team are completely offensive and we are defensive for 90 minutes , ' said Wenger , resorting to sarcasm as he assessed the clash at the Emirates on Sunday . ` Our job is to win football games and that 's what they 've done in recent games . What 's important for me is to do what it takes to win the game . It 's easy to defend , if we have to defend then we will defend . ' It is the issue at the heart of this ideological clash . On one side Wenger , committed to the romance of attractive football . On the other Mourinho , doing what it takes to win even if it proves ugly , stacking up the trophies . Beat Arsenal and Leicester , on Wednesday , and he will clinch the title . Arsenal lost 3-1 to Monaco in the Champions League - a result which Mourinho mentioned to the media . Prince Albert of Monaco celebrates with the away fans after the full-time whistle at the Emirates . Wenger looks dejected as he stands on the touchline during the Gunners ' Champions League defeat . The challenge for Wenger is next season . Can he produce a team fit to fight for the title once again ? ` We have played amazingly well for most of the season , ' said Mourinho . ` In the last period we have been more strategic and less artistic because we had injuries and suspensions and lost the balance of our team . ` But we are having results . It is a great feeling to deal with the difficult moment in a strategic way . When you are lost at sea and you have no boat , you must survive . You build a raft . ' Diego Costa 's injuries and suspensions were Chelsea 's shipwreck . Without his muscular spearhead , the balance was lost and it is three months since his team won by more than one goal . Still they win , taking six points from their last two games -- against QPR and Manchester United -- while recording a total of only three shots on target . They are , as Wenger says , efficient . ` We are top since day one , ' said Mourinho . ` We are second in terms of goals scored . We are second best for goals conceded , the team with fewest defeats . Chelsea forward Eden Hazard -LRB- second from left -RRB- scores against Manchester United last time out . Hazard scored the only goal of the game against United to take Chelsea a step closer to the league title . A TV camera gets a close-up of the goalscorer as Hazard celebrates with Didier Drogba at Stamford Bridge . ` We have some of the best goals of the season , not individual action or shots like Charlie Adam 's from midfield , but spectacular team goals . ` So , if we win the Premier League , we did everything right . It will be a great achievement . Looking at where Chelsea were in the last four or five years , it means a lot . ' It will be the first title in five years at Stamford Bridge . Arsenal have not won it since 2004 , the year of Wenger 's Invincibles and the year Mourinho first swept into London claiming to be the Special One . Since then , two famous clubs have been soaked in the contrasting views of two men . Arsenal are Wenger , after more than 18 years of his leadership , and Chelsea have been Mourinho for more than a decade -- even during his six-year absence . Mourinho -LRB- right -RRB- and Wenger have had plenty of touchline battles during their managerial careers . The pair rarely miss the chance to damn with faint praise or hurl a snide remark across the capital . Arsenal 's Emmanuel Eboue is restrained by Chelsea boss Mourinho during the 2007 League Cup final . They rarely miss the chance to damn with faint praise or hurl a snide remark across the capital . For many years , Wenger pursued Chelsea for ` financial doping ' and , more recently , their tactical style , while Mourinho gorged on Arsenal 's nine years with neither a trophy nor a managerial change . Mourinho has never lost to Wenger , a record which clearly eats away at the Frenchman , who exploded on the touchline at Stamford Bridge , in October , and shoved the Chelsea manager in the chest . There has been no apology . ` No , but I do n't need that , ' shrugged Mourinho , who remains incredulous that Wenger was not disciplined by the FA . Does he feel it would have been different had the roles been reversed ? ` I do n't feel , I know , ' he said .