Vince Cable prides himself on being the Tories ' bogeyman in the Coalition Cabinet . ` I 'm regularly voted their least popular Cabinet member , ' he says with his familiar hangdog smile . Just as David Cameron and George Osborne privately describe Nick Clegg as a ` closet Conservative ' , they regard Cable a closet Labour politician . Not surprising , since he once was a Labour politician , albeit a councillor , in the 1970s . Scroll down for video . Vince Cable wants a substantial role in government and envisages working with the Conservatives again . Similarly , some Labour MPs fantasise that if only boyish Ed Miliband could have persuaded Uncle Vince , with his provincial bank manager 's air and twinkly peacock blue eyes , to defect , Labour would walk the General Election . With Cable in charge of Labour 's spending plans , voters would stop worrying that would-be PM Red Ed might do something barmy . But as we sit on the terrace of the quirkily named Barmy Arms pub by the Thames in his Twickenham constituency , Business Secretary Cable says something , which on first hearing , sounds even more barmy . Not only is he ready to spend another five years helping the Tories run Britain , he wants to replace George Osborne as Chancellor . ` Yes , I know , ' he shrugs , acknowledging the apparent contradiction , ` I 've spent my whole political life fighting the Conservatives . ' How does he sit down with Tories he privately despises ? ` When we have a business meeting we put the guns at the door and sit down and talk , ' he smiles . He complains of ` nasty and vicious stuff ' from the Tories . And after one heated Cabinet verbal exchange with Defence Secretary Liam Fox , Cameron rushed up to Cable on his way out and begged him to keep it secret to stop the Coalition collapsing . He describes another confrontation with junior Tory Business Minister Matt Hancock , an ally of Osborne sent to ` spy ' on Cable . ` He came to my office with a list of plum jobs he wanted . I said , ` No , I 'm the boss . ' He was very cross , stamped his feet , got up and slammed the door . ' So how , and more to the point , why , does Cable want another five years of more of the same ? ` Because I 've realised it is possible to be business-like with them . I can envisage a scenario in which I would stomach working with the Tories if the situation required . You have to let your head rule your heart . ' In the interview , Mr Cable said the Prime Minister and the Chancellor were ` highly intelligent guys ' and added that they ` do n't snarl at each other ' He knows full well the significance of what he is saying . ` It 's important coming from me because I 'm the one seen as having the least affinity with the Tories . ' Cable is also quick to make clear he does not rule out working with Labour . But he ` envisages ' remaining in a government led by Cameron , not Miliband . Cable says he would stop ` the nasty tail of Right-wing MPs wagging the Tory dog ' if Cameron scrapes home . He denounces ` horrendous ' public spending cuts proposed by Cameron and Osborne -- ` almost all affecting the disabled and working poor ' . But with Cable , the difference is strictly political , not personal . In the next breath he says : ` Cameron and Osborne are highly intelligent guys and I respect their abilities . I have perfectly affable discussions with them . We do n't snarl at each other . ' His warm words for the Tories are all the more remarkable , bearing in mind that , around the corner , Conservative chiefs have sent extra teams of canvassers to Twickenham to try to ` decapitate ' Cable . No one seriously thinks they can overturn his 12,000 majority . Giving a timely reminder to local Tories in his middle-class constituency , home of the chaps of the English Rugby Football Union and Hampton Court , of his fondness for Dave and George will do him no harm . They do n't call him a wily old fox for nothing . His criticism of Miliband is all the more wounding , sounding like a disappointed father or headmaster . His warm words for the Tories are all the more remarkable , bearing in mind that , around the corner , Conservative chiefs have sent extra teams of canvassers to Twickenham to try to ` decapitate ' Mr Cable . ` He could have done so much better and has made two really big mistakes . He should have said up-front on the financial crisis that we -LSB- the last Labour Government -RSB- screwed up seriously and done a mea culpa . ` And I feel let down by his foolish plan to cut university tuition fees to £ 6,000 . It is a low-grade response . He could n't resist a cheap soundbite at our expense . Very poor judgment . And his fiscal policy is so vague . ' Two days after the Election , Cable celebrates his 72nd birthday . Tall , tanned and languid , he looks lithe enough to reprise his dainty-toed appearance in Strictly Come Dancing in 2010 . Yet , audaciously , the evergreen septuagenarian has set his sights on a new star turn -- Chancellor in a Tory-led Government . ` I 'm up for having a substantial role . My prime interest is the economy . There are two economic departments in Whitehall and I 've done one of them for five years . I 'll leave you to do the maths ! ' It sounds highly unlikely . Certainly less likely than a Lib Dem leadership contest if , as some predict , Clegg loses his seat . Cable loyally insists his party boss will survive and vehemently denies he wants his job . But canny Cable ca n't resist pointing out : ` I 'm quite a bit younger than Gladstone , Churchill and Ronald Reagan . ' All three led governments in their eighth decade . We can do the maths , Vince .