Stuart McCall has sent a warning to Bilel Mohsni as he insisted Rangers will need cool heads for the promotion run-in . The Tunisian centre-back extended his questionable disciplinary record by picking up a booking for reacting to opposition fans during Thursday 's 3-0 defeat from Queen of the South . McCall believes Mohsni has good defensive attributes but is adamant the Ibrox side can not risk unnecessary suspensions as they attempt to land a Premiership place via the play-offs . Stuart McCall calls time on training ahead of Rangers match with Raith on Sunday . The Rangers boss has spoken to Tunisian defender Bilel Mohsni -LRB- 2nd left -RRB- about his discipline . ` I 've had to have a word with him over his concentration levels , ' said McCall . ` He did some absolutely outstanding things in the game and then he did some slack and sloppy things . ` I did n't know what he was booked for and Kenny -LRB- Black -RRB- had said it was a reaction to their fans . He was probably frustrated and angry at the result . ` But I 'll have another look at it as we ca n't afford to have silly bookings at this point in the season . Ian Black got one the other day and there are a couple of other lads a game away from being suspended . ` If it 's for tackles you can maybe understand it but we ca n't afford cheap bookings for running to the crowd , taking your shirt off , back chat with referees , kicking the ball away -- I do n't like things like that . It 's a lack of discipline . ' Rangers players look dejected as defeat to Queen of the South dents their bid for promotion . Rangers will attempt to bounce back from the first loss of McCall 's tenure when they host Raith on Sunday . They currently sit behind second-placed Hibs on goal difference but have a game in hand . ` There will be a lot of big games , big crowds , tension and drama until the last kick of the season , ' added McCall ` So cool heads is the way to go . But I still like fire in the belly . I do n't want people to surrender meekly and mildly . Nothing wrong with a bit of passion as long as it 's channelled in the right way . ' McCall insisted the Palmerston reverse should n't be viewed as a ` disaster ' and feels he already has evidence of his side 's ability to recover from disappointments . ` We just have to draw a line under it . I do n't want doom and gloom . We drew the first two games when I came here . That was n't what we wanted , so we bounced back from those . We then went on a decent run and now we 've had another setback . It 's about how we react . '