A young waitress has claimed that England footballer Aaron Lennon grabbed her , slapped her and ripped her top as he partied in the VIP suite of a nightclub . The 18-year-old reportedly fled to the toilet in tears and afterwards told police that the £ 55,000-a-week Tottenham winger had left her with a bruise below her eye . The 28-year-old , who is on loan to Everton , was reportedly interviewed by officers under caution over the alleged assault earlier this month . A teenage waitress claims England footballer Aaron Lennon -LRB- pictured playing for Everton -RRB- grabbed her , slapped her and ripped her top . After taking part in Everton 's 1-0 win at home against Southampton on April 4 , Lennon is thought to have headed to Suede nightclub in Manchester with friends . Lennon , who has 21 England caps , lives in a penthouse apartment in the city centre . That night , the venue , which is popular with Premier League footballers , was packed with hundreds who had come to see singer Trey Songz perform . But later in the evening , the waitress claimed to have been attacked by the player in the VIP section - where booths cost £ 2,000 . She was interviewed by Greater Manchester Police four days later . A source told The Sun 's Michael Hamilton and Dean Wilkins that the girl , who is ` very pretty ' , had worked at the club for just under a year . He added that the footballer and his friends were ` spending a lot of money on drinks ' . Police are investigating the alleged incident at Suede nightclub -LRB- pictured -RRB- in Manchester which is popular with Premier League stars . On the night of April 4 , singer Trey Songz -LRB- right -RRB- performed at the venue . ` She got really upset , left what she was doing and rushed to the toilet , ' the source said . ` She came out about an hour later and was annoyed security had not done anything and kicked Lennon out . ` She says he grabbed her and ripped her top and then slapped her . ' On April 15 , the day before Lennon 's 28th birthday , he was interviewed by police officers on suspicion of assault . Police confirmed no arrests were made and an investigation is ongoing . A Greater Manchester Police spokesman told MailOnline : ` On Wednesday 8 April 2015 , police were called following reports an 18-year old woman had been assaulted at Suede night club , Longworth Street , Manchester city centre on Sunday 5 April 2015 . ` A man has been interviewed under caution . No arrests have been made and enquiries are ongoing . ' MailOnline has contacted Mr Lennon 's agent and club for comment .