A New York-based writer who has grown tired of the battle between fat and skinny , is blaming plus-size retailer Lane Bryant for continuing to perpetuate the weight war -- and has published candid photos of herself wearing the brand 's lingerie to illustrate the problem . In an essay published on xoJane , Amanda Richards hit out at Lane Bryant 's recent I 'm No Angel lingerie campaign , which was widely perceived to have been a rather blatant critique of popular lingerie giant Victoria 's Secret . The clothing store , which carries US sizes 14 to 28 , has been applauded for the new campaign , which shows plus-size models looking sexy in the brand 's lingerie . But while many people responded that it was encouraging to see women of different sizes being portrayed as sexy , offering a counterpoint to stick-thin models like Victoria 's Secret Angels Candice Swanepoel , Behati Prinsloo , and Lily Aldridge , Amanda takes issue with its message . Regular girl : Writer Amanda Dobbins says Lane Bryant 's new I 'm No Angel ad campaign does n't show plus-size women of different proportions . ` I do n't think it 's particularly healthy or progressive to pit fat bodies against thin bodies , ' she says . Amanda explains that part of the problem is that Lane Bryant 's ads do n't actually show women of all sizes , but rather a subset of overweight women who still have ` correct ' proportions , with flatter stomachs and larger busts . ` I have never once seen a Lane Bryant customer with a body that is represented , even a little bit , in any of Lane Bryant 's advertising campaigns , myself included , ' she said . So the self-described ` body-positive ' blogger has taken to social media , posting photos of herself in Lane Bryant underwear to her Instagram account in a ` small offering of solidarity ' with other women of varying sizes who feel unrepresented in fashion ads . At size 18 , Amanda admits , ` I 'm no model ' -- but adds that her body type is also not so unusual . Body positive : Amanda hopes to promote positive body image and wants more retailers to advertise toward women of varying sizes . No retouching : The New York-based blogger posted photos of herself that showed off her figure and stretch marks . She continues to say that she hopes brands like Lane Bryant will learn from women like her , as well as other plus-size women on social media , that customers want to see diverse models in their ads campaigns . Lane Bryant , however , insists its I 'm No Angel campaign is diverse and represents ` the woman who unapologetically celebrates herself ' . ` This campaign is intended to celebrate all women coming together to redefine the ideals of beauty , ' Lane Bryant representative Toyin Graham told Bustle . ` This campaign message is all inclusive . Our issue is not with certain sizes of women , it 's with media 's definition of ideal beauty ' But Amanda believes it is not enough , saying : ` We do n't derive self-worth from seeing diverse images , but we do find power and solidarity and learn to appreciate our own individuality in relationship to others . ' Taking charge : Amanda says she 's tired of being told to settle for plus-size fashion taking ` baby steps ' ` I ca n't imagine what the legions of other women , the ones who are strikingly different from these models , must feel , ' she adds . Since publishing the photos of herself in lingerie , Amanda has started sharing images of other plus-size women stripped down on her Instagram as well in the hopes that an influx of images of diverse body types will help to spark change . ` I 'm so tired of being told that I should be happy with #plussize fashion and representation taking `` baby steps '' , ' she wrote on Twitter . ` We are women . We are big women . We should not be taking baby steps . We should be taking BIG LOUD RUMBLING GROWN A ** WOMAN STEPS . -LSB- sic -RSB- '