Labour leader Ed Miliband read from motivational notes during the leaders ' televised debate -LRB- above -RRB- . He was widely criticised for his robotic performance in last week 's debate as he failed to land a convincing blow on David Cameron . Now it has emerged Ed Miliband was reading from motivational notes during the leaders ' clash -- including one reminding him to be a ` happy warrior ' . His cribsheet prompts him to turn a ` negative ' into a ` positive ' and reveals he had planned a number of the put-downs he used on David Cameron -- such as , on the deficit : ` Does that sound familiar ? Well , it should , because he said it five years ago . ' The Labour leader urges himself to ` stay calm , never agitated ' and ` relish the chance to show who I am ' . His scrawled notes , found in his dressing room after the ITV debate , give an insight into his mindset before he took to the rostrum with the six other party leaders . Mr Miliband reminds himself to talk to the camera , ` use the people at home ' and get across his ` decency , passion , leadership ' . The Labour leader reveals his planned ripostes to two possible Tory attacks , accusing him of forgetting the deficit and of telling journalists he wanted to ` weaponise ' the issue of the NHS . He accuses the Prime Minister of promising to eliminate the deficit and failing , and urges viewers to ` use their vote as a weapon to fight for the NHS by kicking David Cameron out of Downing Street ' . But some of the planned one-liners against his Conservative rival were not used , including : ` I can take five more weeks of attacks of me , but the British people ca n't take five more years of you . ' Tory MP Charlie Elphicke said such ` marketing speak ' was ` cringe-worthy ' , adding : ` Ed Miliband is looking increasingly bizarre . ` First he forgets the deficit , then he forgets his notes in the dressing room . Marketing speak like `` happy warriors '' is very much the tactic of motivational gurus ... I think most people will think it 's cringe-worthy . ' Scroll down for video . His notes , found in his dressing room after the ITV debate , give an insight into his mindset before the clash . In his self-motivational notes , Labour leader Mr Miliband -LRB- pictured above during the debate as Natalie Bennet speaks -RRB- wrote the words ` negative ' and ` positive ' connected by an arrow as well as the term ` Happy Warrior ' The publication of the notes in a newspaper yesterday was compared to BBC2 satire The Thick Of It , in which a party leader is mortified when her notes referring to ` quiet bat-people ' are photographed . A poll by headhunters Korn Ferry yesterday found 70 per cent of FTSE 100 chairmen think Labour would herald an ` economic catastrophe ' . A FTSE 100 boss , who did not wish to be named , said Mr Miliband ` appears to completely misunderstand business ' . It comes after Mr Miliband drew ridicule for declaring ` hell yeah ! ' when asked by Jeremy Paxman in the first TV election clash if he was tough enough to be Prime Minister . ` Happy warrior ' was coined by William Wordsworth to describe Admiral Lord Nelson . In a 1985 presidential address , Ronald Reagan called on Americans to be ` happy warriors , out to seize back a country ' . Mr Miliband staked the success of his campaign on having a head to head debate with David Cameron , and is understood to have been rehearsing for months . He hired US speech coach Michael Sheehan on a reported £ 10,000 daily fee to improve his delivery and charisma . So , what does all this psychobabble actually mean ? What do all the weird soundbites on Miliband 's crib sheet mean ? Here , the Mail analyses them -- and reveals the pervasive influence of Red Ed 's American spin doctor . ` Happy Warrior ' Coined by William Wordsworth , it 's the title of an 1806 poem to mark Lord Nelson 's death . Happy Warrior depicts its subject as a swashbuckling hero who suffers great setbacks and pain , yet proves impossible to defeat . This may make it an odd slogan for a modern election , yet in America , home to Labour 's strategist David Axelrod , the phrase has a long history . First used by Franklin Roosevelt in 1924 , presidential candidate Hubert Humphrey plastered it across his campaign jet in 1968 . It has since been used by politicians desperate to be seen as trustworthy , hard-working men-of-the-people . In 2012 , Barack Obama described his running mate Joe Biden as ` America 's happy warrior ' , in a speech written by Axelrod . ` Relish the chance to show who I am ' The sort of phrase a bull-necked US Navy Seal might shout while doing press-ups in a muddy puddle , this is old-fashioned motivational psychobabble . Undoubtedly another contribution from Axelrod , who is big on ego-boosting statements of intent . Indeed , he must have been behind Miliband 's decision to puff up his chest and tell Jeremy Paxman last month : ` Am I tough enough ? Hell yes , I 'm tough enough ! ' As to what sort of a guy Miliband intends to ` relish ' showing us he is , his notes contain three words : ` decency , passion , leadership ' . Labour Party leader Ed Miliband leaves MediaCityUK in Salford following the televised leaders ' election debate . ` Calm , never agitated ' Axelrod famously labelled Obama ` no drama Obama ' , kitting out staff in T-shirts with the logo ` Stop the drama , vote Obama ' . The reason : although election campaigning can be confrontational , voters prefer candidates who remain above the fray and , well , prime ministerial . Miliband is thus at pains not to lose his cool . ` Use the people at home ' Ever since 1960 , when John F Kennedy faced Richard Nixon in America 's first presidential TV debate , this has been a golden rule . JFK captured hearts and minds by appearing to talk directly to voters . The pale , sweaty Nixon failed to look at the camera and thereby seemed shifty . His campaign never recovered . Miliband has been practising such drills for weeks -- with some rehearsals said to have taken place with Tony Blair 's ex-spin doctor Alastair Campbell playing the anchorman . ` Negative into positive ' This may seem to be yet more transatlantic psychobabble but it is a key tool to try to turn perceived weaknesses to your advantage . Miliband has made self-deprecating jokes -- such as one about how he struggled to eat a bacon sandwich -- to turn a negative into a positive . Similarly , he has attempted to transform his status as underdog by saying : ` People have underestimated me at every turn . ' After four opinion polls were released , the average poll of polls put Cameron narrowly ahead on 22 per cent , with 21.5 per cent saying Miliband won , 21 per cent backing Farage and 20 per cent favouring Miss Sturgeon . ` Me Vs DC : Decency , Principle , Values ' Crucial buzzwords . Interestingly , the word ` decency ' cropped up in Sherlock actor Martin Freeman 's filmed endorsement of Labour . Also , campaign guru Axelrod 's autobiography is peppered with references to ` decency and small-town values ' . While working for Obama , he told him to say he was ` led not by polls but by principle ' . The note suggests Labour believe ` decency ' , ` principle ' and ` values ' are alien concepts to David Cameron . Typed answers . Despite wishing to sound spontaneous , several pre-scripted comments were surreptitiously read out from typed notes . As for his closing statement , ` let 's bring the change Britain needs ' , it seems a rip-off of the slogan used by Barack Obama who , in 2008 , talked endlessly about ` change we can believe in ' .