She may have all the help that money can buy - but for The Duchess of Cambridge , the prospect of having two children under the age of two will still be a huge challenge . Kate , 33 , is due to give birth to her second child in the coming days - providing a little brother or sister to Prince George . William 's wife already has a nanny at her disposal as well as her mother Carole , who is moving into the Cambridges ' Norfolk home Anmer Hall after the new baby arrives . Scroll down for video . Catherine , the Duchess of Cambridge holds Prince George poses for photographers outside St. Mary 's Hospital in London shortly after giving birth in 2013 . She is currently preparing to give birth to her second child . So just how difficult is it to care for a newborn with a toddler running around ? Very , as it turns out . Parenting blogger Emily-Jane Clark , who runs the popular site How To Survive A Sleep Thief , which she describes as ` an antithesis to baby advice ' , has compiled a list of the ways that a mother can cope with caring for two kids under two . They including avoiding a double buggy , buying several blue bowls and never setting a specific time for meeting people . Read on to catch some of Emily 's top tips ... Having two children is significantly harder than having one , according to the experts -LRB- picture posed by models -RRB- . 1 . Do not bother trying to get anything done ever . While it is tricky to get stuff done with one baby , with two it is practically impossible . I have lost entire days trying to get things done and achieved nothing . You think , ` I know ; I 'll write a list , get organised , tick things off as I go along . ' Easy , right ? Wrong . Five days later you realise you have n't even managed to finish writing the bloody list . So I suggest doing what you can when you can . Better still just use this list : . Get up . Look after the children . Anything achieved alongside this list is automatically a bonus . 2 . Do n't buy a double buggy . You will use it once , realise it is really heavy and annoying and sell it on Ebay . 3 . Do not try to get anywhere on time . With two babies on the go , everything takes ages . ` Popping out ' becomes a distant memory . I remember a time when nipping out for milk simply meant taking clothes out of the wardrobe , putting them on , grabbing my bag and leaving the house . Now it can take hours as I desperately attempt to scrub baby snot from my clothes with baby wipes , clean bums , clean teeth , change nappies , feed baby , break up fights , chase toddler , dress toddler , dress baby , leave house , forget bag , return to house , leave house , forget baby , return to house , get baby , leave house and then when I finally get to shop , I have forgotten what the hell I went for . As a mother of two young children , it is almost impossible to get anywhere on time -LRB- picture posed by models -RRB- . 4 . Someone always wants something from you . A banana , a biscuit , a drink , a dummy , a poo , a wee , a wipe , dinner , lunch , breakfast , a snack , toys , clothes . Take me outside , take me home , take me to the toilet , take me to the park ? Story , piggyback , Play Doh , song . Your life becomes an endless cycle of getting stuff for small people . Some days you 'll want to quit . Other days you 'll want to scream . But you still get them the stuff . Because at the end of the day , it is far easier than being asked for the stuff , over and over again , ALL DAY LONG . 5 . When you are expecting your second baby you will secretly worry whether you will love him or her as much as you love your first . Surely , it must be impossible to love another human being as much as you love your firstborn ? There could never be a baby as cute , or as funny , or as beautiful . Then baby two arrives and they are just as cute , just as funny and just as beautiful . And before you know it , you ca n't imagine life without them . When children are young , they always want whatever toy the other is playing with -LRB- picture posed by models -RRB- . 6 . Get an extra pair of eyes to put in the back of your head because , at one point , your children will try to kill each other . Not intentionally , of course . But toddlers seem to be under the impression that ` dangerous ' means fun . For example ; ` It will be so funny to whack my sister over the head with a mug . ' And ` I wonder what will happen if I stick this pencil right up my sister 's nose . ' 7 . Buy two of everything . They always want what the other one has . Toddler could pick up a dead frog and Baby would still drop whatever she was doing and decide she desperately wants that dead frog more than anything in the world . You can tell them to share until you are blue in the face . But apparently ` share ' is toddler speak for ` snatch ' . Prince William and Kate with their son Prince George , who will soon have a younger brother or sister . 8 . I would also suggest that all the children 's cups and bowls are the same colour . We have a single blue bowl that is currently making my life hell . 9 . Having two children close in age can be exhausting and frustrating . It is rare that a day goes by where I have n't silently sworn about something . But mostly , it is pretty amazing . And there is a great comfort in knowing that no matter what , they will always have each other . When they are not trying to kill each other , they are best friends ... at least until they both want the blue bowl .