Finding that dream wedding dress usually requires months of saving and trawling expensive bridal shops . But now brides-to-be can buy their gown during the weekly grocery shop online -- for just £ 80 . Tesco 's clothing brand f & f has launched what is estimated to be the cheapest bridal gown on the market . And the dress , which is exclusively available on Tesco 's website , is simple enough to be worn again instead of stashed away in a cupboard and forgotten . It comes in sizes six to 18 and features a quirky lace neckline and a flattering fit to suit all body shapes . Scroll down for video . Tesco value : The supermarket 's clothing brand f & f has launched what is estimated to be the cheapest bridal gown on the market . It is available online for just £ 80 and can be worn again rather than being stashed away . Aside from the lace bust , the dress is a mixture of nylon , cotton and polyester . The cheaper materials mean it can be handwashed at home . However , if this design is n't the one you envisage saying ` I do ' in , there are a growing number of cheaper than usual gowns now available on the High Street . Ghost sells an embroidered mesh wedding dress for £ 295 and Phase Eight offers a vintage-inspired lace gown , priced £ 395 . In Monsoon , bridal gowns start at £ 169 , and in Coast they cost between £ 175 and £ 250 . Last night a wedding expert said the rise of low-priced gowns reflects a growing number of couples seeking to cut wedding costs . Caroline Hendry , editor of hitched.co.uk , said : ` There will always be a place in the bridal market for designer gowns but it 's great that the new wedding dress from f & f at Tesco offers something stylish for brides on a budget . Bargain : Aside from the lace bust , the dress is a mixture of nylon , cotton and polyester . A wedding expert said the rise of low-priced gowns reflects a growing number of couples seeking to cut wedding costs . ` Couples are appearing more budget conscious in their wedding planning , there has been a great rise in DIY style weddings -- where couples are taking time and effort to do the hard work themselves to save money -- and this budget-friendly wedding dress would suit the DIY-style bride perfectly . ` I particularly love the cap sleeves and on-trend sheer lace neckline , perfect for a vintage-style wedding day . ' Last night a spokesman for f & f at Tesco said the dress was made to cater for brides on a budget . He said : ` The Bridal range is an extension of f & f 's Occasion wear offer which over the seasons the brand has seen positive sales reactions too . ` f & f aims to provide affordable yet stylish pieces for brides and guests a like . Every bride wants to look gorgeous on their wedding day , with the f & f wedding dress this is made possible but on a budget . ` With wedding costs soring , we want to ensure customers are still able to experience an aspirational quality of dress at a very affordable price . '