Police in Houston say a 34-year-old man got behind the wheel of his car while under the influence Sunday , leaving a path of destruction in his wake and killing two people , one of them a 6-year-old boy . Blaine Boudreaux has been charged with intoxication manslaughter , intoxicated assault and failure to stop and render aid involving death in connection to at least three separate DUI collisions that took place within three hours in Houston . Boudreaux , who also has an extensive DUI record in his native Louisiana , was allegedly drunk when he ran a red light on Lockwood Drive at around 6.3 opm and slammed his Dodge pickup truck into a Honda Civic . Path of destruction : Blaine Boudreaux -LRB- left -RRB- , 34 , has been charged in connection to three separate DUI crashes in Houston that killed 6-year-old Josh Medrano , injured his mother and led to the death of a homeless man . Heartbroken : The family of 6-year-old Joshua Medrano are seen Wednesday leaving the courtroom where Blaine Boudreaux made an appearance on charges stemming from a trio of accidents in Houston . On of the boy 's relatives screamed at the suspect : ` I hope you die ! ' Joshua Medrano , 6 , who was a passenger in the sedan , was fatally injured . His mother , Cynthia , was hospitalized with a punctured lung and broken bones . Boudreaux was arrested at the scene after failing a field sobriety test . Three wrecks : The 34-year-old , who has a history of DUIs in Louisiana , is also accused of crashing into another car carrying a woman and a toddler . Several hours earlier , according to police , the 34-year-old man struck and killed 61-year-old vagrant Leonard Batiste walking along Texas 5 Spur near the University of Houston . Investigators say the homeless man was mowed down at around 5.15 pm Sunday but his body was not discovered until Monday afternoon . Boudreaux 's entire bumper , complete with his license plate , was found nearby . Blaine Boudreaux also has been linked to a third collision that occurred about two hours before Batiste 's death . The two-car crash took place in the 6600 block of Fannin Street and involved a mother and her 2-year-old child , who were taken to a hospital and later released . In that case , Boudreaux was issued a ticket by a police officer and allowed to leave the scene . After slamming into the elderly man on Texas 5 Spur , Boudreaux allegedly dozed off behind the wheel and did n't wake up until another driver honked at him to get his attention . That is when he ran the red light at the intersection of Lockwood and the East Freeway and slammed into Cynthia Medrano 's black Honda , killing her son , according to officials . Joseph Rodriguez , the boy 's stepfather , said little Joshua wanted to become a firefighter when he grew up . Rodriguez said the officer who stopped Boudreaux after the first accident involving the mother and toddler should have detained him instead of letting the man go . Prosecutor Alison Baimbridge told the Houston Chronicle investigators are now looking into that collision and resulting citation in light of Boudreaux 's apparent intoxication about two hours . Cynthia Medrano , pictured here with her family , was driving Sunday evening with her young son in the passenger seat when police say Boudreaux ran a red light and plowed into her Honda Civic . Doomed : Even though the 6-year-old was buckled in , he suffered fatal injuries and died upon arriving at a hospital . When questioned by police after his arrest , Boudreaux allegedly admitted that he had taken anti-depressants and a drug used to treat addiction to opiates before getting behind the wheel of his pickup truck Sunday afternoon . Blaine Boudreaux , a Catholic school dropout who moved to Houston in his late teens , has recently lost his home security business and allowed his pharmacy technician license to lapse , reported the Chronicle . During his arraignment Wednesday morning , prosecutors revealed that the suspect has multiple outstanding warrants for DUIs in Louisiana . In one case , he also had jumped bail . In light of these facts , his bond was set at $ 100,000 on each of the three counts , reported the station KTRK . Boudreaux 's arraignment was attended by several members of Joshua Medrano 's family who sobbed in court and showed Boudreaux the middle finger . One woman cried out ` I hope you die ! ' as the suspect clad in an orange jumpsuit was being led out of the courtroom . Shattered : Cynthia Medrano , pictured with Joshua and her husband , suffered a punctured lung and broken bones .