The 43-year-old is the first presenter of the BBC dance contest to be nominated for the awards . When Claudia Winkleman replaced Sir Bruce Forsyth as co-host of Strictly Come Dancing , sceptics thought she would struggle to fill his shoes . Now , she has proved them wrong with a Bafta nomination for her first season on the show . The 43-year-old is the first presenter of the BBC dance contest to be nominated for the awards , something both Sir Bruce and co-host Tess Daly failed to achieve . It comes even though she was absent for almost a month while daughter Matilda , eight , recovered after her Halloween costume accidentally caught fire . The mother-of-three will compete in the entertainment performance category at next month 's awards with Ant and Dec , Graham Norton and Celebrity Juice host Leigh Francis . Meanwhile , Sir Bruce , 87 , has said he does not miss his time hosting Strictly , admitting : ` It was never the show I thought it would be . ' The veteran entertainer said he wished he had been allowed to interact more with the celebrities . Other Bafta hopefuls include Broadchurch star Olivia Colman , 41 , who is nominated in the female performance in a comedy category for her role in BBC2 comedy Rev. Miss Winkleman 's nomination has led the programme into its most successful ever year at the Baftas , after it won a total of three nominations , including for Entertainment Show and Audience Choice . The nominations have been voted for by 4,000 Bafta members . It has again come out on top against ITV rivals X Factor and Britain 's Got Talent , both of which have again been snubbed . The shortlists mark the continuation of a disappointing run for Simon Cowell 's duo of talent shows . Both Sir Bruce -LRB- centre -RRB- and co-host Tess Daly -LRB- right -RRB- have failed to receive a nomination from the show . X Factor 's six-year run of nominations ended in 2011 and Britain 's Got Talent has failed to make the cut since 2010 . BBC bosses were recently reported to be considering dropping Miss Winkleman before Strictly 's return later this year , describing her first run as a ` trial shift ' . However , with the nomination now in her corner , her case for staying is compelling . She has won the recognition despite being absent from the show for almost a month while her daughter , Mathilda , eight , recovered from a horrific Halloween accident in which her costume caught fire . In the interim , her post was covered by Zoe Ball , 44 , who fronts Strictly spin-off show It Takes Two . The nominees for this year 's Baftas : Hopefuls include Broadchurch star Olivia Colman , 41 , who is nominated in the female performance in a comedy category for her role in BBC2 comedy Rev . Before taking on the role she spoke of her nerves at filling such a primetime slot . She said : ` I am going to be Tess and she is going to be Bruce . I just want to be useful . If I am useful ... it will be fine . ' This is the fifth time Strictly has been nominated in the Entertainment Programme category but it has so far never won the award . This year it is competing with The Voice , Ant and Dec 's Saturday Night Takeaway and Dynamo : Magician Impossible . Its third nomination is for the Audience Choice Award , which is decided by a public vote . The other contenders are The Great British Bake Off , The Missing , Game of Thrones , Eastenders , Sherlock and Cilla . Strictly has again come out on top against ITV rivals X Factor and Britain 's Got Talent , both of which have again been snubbed .