The wife of a U.S. Army colonel who shot her two children dead four years ago says she does not regret it . Julie Schenecker , 54 , was convicted last May of shooting her son Beau , 13 , and daughter Calyx , 16 , in their upscale Tampa Bay , Florida home in January 2011 while her husband served overseas . Now in an exclusive jailhouse interview , she has claimed she pulled the trigger to ` save ' her children , despite previously admitting to authorities that she had shot them for being ` mouthy ' . When asked by ABC Action News in the interview if she regretted the shooting , Schenecker , a former military linguist , shook her head . Scroll down for video . No apologies : Julie Schenecker , pictured in an interview from jail , has said she does not regret shooting her 13-year-old son and 16-year-old daughter dead at their home in January 2011 . ` I saved them , ' she said quietly . She claimed her son was being sexually abused - but would not say by whom - and that Calyx had told her she was suffering from mental illness . She feared the girl would be attacked , too , she said . ` I was raped as a virgin and my whole life has been a mess , ' Schenecker told ABC . ` I came from a great family . They protected me . And this still happened . I could n't let it happen to Calyx . ' But police disputed the claims , saying she had admitted to killing the children for being ` mouthy ' . Last year , the court also saw pages from her journal that detailed her plans to kill them in the days before their murders , as well as entries after she carried out the killings . ` I offed Beau on the way to practice , ' she wrote . ` I accidentally shot the window then shot him . One in the side of the head and one in his mouth because he became so mouthy just like Calyx . ' Killed : She shot her son Beau , left , inside their car before going to the room of her daughter Calyx , right , and shooting her as she did her homework . She then forced her daughter 's mouth into a smile , she said . Emotional : She sobbed throughout the interview as she claimed she 'd killed her children to ` save ' them . Speaking to ABC Action News , she said that she shot her son as he went to tie his shoelace . The boy 's body was found inside her car in the garage . Afterwards she walked to Calyx 's room and shot the girl in the head as she was doing her homework , Schenecker said in the interview . ` Shot the two mouthy mouths in the mouth after shooting them in the head , ' she wrote in her journal . In the interview , she admitted that only one side of Calyx 's mouth appeared to be in a smile when she lay dead , so she forced the other side of her mouth to smile as well . Both the children were covered in blankets when authorities went to the home after Schenecker 's mother had contacted them , worried that she had been unable to contact her daughter . Schenecker was found covered in blood and passed out at the house . She was taken to hospital and was later charged with two counts of first-degree murder . Speaking in the interview , she said that she had initially only intended to kill herself but when she went to buy a gun , she was unable to take the weapon home the same day . Plot : Pages in her journal showed how she detailed the killings long before carrying them out - despite claiming in the new interview that she only thought about killing them at the moment she shot them . In court : Schenecker is seen during her trial in a Tampa courtroom in April 2014 . Her attorneys tried to prove that she was insane at the time of shooting dead her children but the jury rejected the argument . Parker Schenecker , pictured in court as his wife was found guilty last May , was serving in the Middle East when she shot their children . She wrote in her journal she thought he was going to divorce her . ` I had to wait , ' she recalled . ` If I had gotten it the day that I went to the gun store , I would have killed myself that day . ' Despite the journals detailing how she planned to kill the children , she said in the jailhouse interview that she did not wake up that day thinking she would kill them . Instead , the thought to take their lives only came seconds before she pulled the trigger , she said - but she added that she remembers little about the murders . ` I do n't understand what happened that day , ' she said . ` So I do n't know how to make you understand , what happened that day . That is the problem . ' She claimed she had struggled with alcohol and painkiller addiction , and she had a history of mental health issues , including clinical depression . At her trial last year , her defense team had tried to argue that she was insane at the time of the killings . Former life : The couple , pictured in happier times , were married for 20 years after meeting in the military . Scene : Police surround the couple 's upscale home in Tampa following the discovery of the bodies . All six mental health experts who testified at her trial last year said Schenecker was mentally ill , but three experts called by prosecutors said she was legally sane when she shot her children . The jury rejected her insanity plea and she was convicted of the two murders and sentenced to life in prison without parole . In her jailhouse interview , she said she had wanted to get the death penalty . Her husband of 20 years , Parker Schenecker , who divorced her a few months after the killings , said there was never any indication she would hurt the children . The Army colonel was on a 10-day deployment to the Middle East at the time of the murders . In his children 's memories , Mr Schenecker has created a memorial fund that has provided scholarships for promising student leaders , artists and athletes . See below for video .