Brendan Rodgers has vowed to do ` what is best ' for Daniel Sturridge as the Liverpool striker 's injury misery shows no sign of relenting . Sturridge will again be absent for Tuesday night 's trip to Hull and while Rodgers will not take the drastic step of calling time on his campaign , he remains unsure whether the England international will play again this season . The 25-year-old missed five months with calf and thigh issues and he is now battling to overcome a hip problem that was sustained in the 2-1 defeat to Manchester United on March 22 . Daniel Sturridge may not play again this season because of a series of calf and thigh injuries . Sturridge will miss Liverpool 's trip to face Hull City on Tuesday night because of injury problems . Rodgers concedes it has been a difficult year for Sturridge but maintains Liverpool 's medical department will continue to nurse him back to full fitness ; the manager is also determined to bring in players to ease the burden on him next season . ` It had been difficult for Daniel , ' said Rodgers . ` He wants to work and play . We are just going to have to monitor it . He is a good lad and when he had been fit , he has been brilliant for us . ` He is not available , we will do what is in the best interest of him . He is going to be here for the next number of years . ` There are always names associated . It is certainly something that we need to address . Daniel is top class but we need to give him help . ` You are nearly talking about a 100 per cent deficit . We have had 14 clean sheets . That side of the game has been addressed but we need to improve the critical area . ' Manchester United 's defeat at Everton on Sunday has , in the words of Louis van Gaal , given Liverpool ` a glimmer of light ' in the race for the top four and United 's advantage could be down to one point by the time they next play . Brendan Rodgers is adamant he will strengthen this summer and is keen on signing Memphis Depay . West Brom defender Craig Dawson tugs Raheem Sterling 's shirt as he challenges him for the ball . Sterling is sent tumbling to the turf by a sliding tackle from West Brom defender Dawson at the Hawthorns . Italian striker Mario Balotelli keeps his eyes focused on the ball on a rare start for Liverpool at the Hawthorns . For that to happen , Liverpool will need to beat both Hull and Queens Park Rangers and , suddenly , the 0-0 draw they had against West Brom on Saturday looks very costly but Rodgers has promised his players will not give up the chase . ` It will be a tough game at Hull , ' said Rodgers . ` The idea is to go and get the victory to put the pressure on the teams above . ` We dominated the ball so much at West Brom , we expected to win the game . I was pleased with how the players applied themselves . Liverpool midfielder Jordan Ibe holds off West Brom 's Chris Brunt during a goalless draw at the Hawthorns . Liverpool midfielder Philippe Coutinho has a shot from just inside West Brom 's half after a poor clearance . ` We were relentless in our pressure but we could n't find the breakthrough . We have set our new goals for the remainder of the season . ` If we can win the games , that will put pressure on . United have a clear advantage but all we can do is look after ourselves . Rodgers , who revealed there are no further update on new contracts for Martin Skrtel and Jordon Ibe , added : ` It is always good to finish the season strong . We want to fight right until the very end against Stoke . ' Balotelli finds himself surrounded by Joleon Lescott and Gareth McAuley during another goalless afternoon . Brazilian midfielder Coutinho fails to score with an ambitious volley late in the second half .