He may be a warrior in the ring , but Manny Pacquaio showed his humble side outside of it once more with his latest Instagram post . The 36-year-old is gearing up for his $ 300million welterweight showdown with Floyd Mayweather on May 2 - in what is set to become the richest bout in boxing history . But the Philipine star took time out of his preparation to thank American film director Spike Lee and Tito Mikey for their support so far . Manny Pacquiao took to Instagram to thank Spike Lee and Tito Mikey ahead of his bout vs Floyd Mayweather . The 36-year-old also posted a photo thanking NBA legend Karl Malone -LRB- centre left -RRB- for visiting him at the gym . ` Hello to all my fans in New York and thank you to Spike Lee and Tito Mikey for supporting Team Pacquiao , ' Pacquaio said via Instagram on Thursday . ` I hope to see you soon . God bless . ' The duo are just the latest to show their support for the ` Pac-man ' ahead of his fight against Mayweather at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas next month . Former two-time NBA MVP and 14-time All-Star Karl Malone is another who appears to be behind the camp of the southpaw boxer . Later on Thursday , Pacquaio took to Instagram again to post a picture with the 51-year-old at his Wild Card gym base in Los Angeles . Pacquiao 's trainer , Freddie Roach , believes his man is ready to beat Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2 . Accompanied with the caption : ` Thank you Karl Malone for visiting me today . God Bless you and your family , ' the pair are all smiles alongside trainer Freddie Roach . And speaking earlier in the week , Roach believes that his fighter has a better chance of beating Mayweather now than he did in 2010 . Asked whether the 2010 or 2015 version of Pacquiao would have a better chance of victory against the unbeaten Mayweather , Roach told boxingscene.com : ` That is an interesting question because there are obviously trade-offs between the two versions of Manny . But I am convinced that the 2015 model is the more formidable fighter for a few reasons . ` Back in 2010 , Manny was still growing into a welterweight . His first two welterweight fights were against Oscar De La Hoya in 2008 and Miguel Cotto in 2009 where he only weighed 142 and 144 pounds respectively , and in between he dropped down to 138 to fight Ricky Hatton . ` Floyd has been campaining as a welterweight since 2005 and weighed 150 in his fight against De La Hoya so that might have given Floyd an advantage . I still like Manny 's chances in that fight but I think the Manny of today has a lot more in his favour . Pacquiao is better equipped to beat Mayweather now than he was in 2010 , according to his trainer Roach . Mayweather is looking to extend his 47-fight unbeaten streak when he meets Pacquiao next month . ` In 2010 the two-year age difference between the fighters was not significant to either , but that 's not true today . Floyd at 38 is doing things he did n't do in the past . Floyd is a defensive genius but he has always depended on his legs to perform and you can see now that his legs do not have the same spring or fluidness of his earlier years . Mayweather remains the bookmakers ' favourite for the $ 300million mega-fight next month but Roach is adamant that Pacquiao is primed to cause an upset . ` The 2015 version of Manny is more mature , smarter and less reckless than the 2010 version , ' said Roach . ` He will be treating the ring like a chess board anticipating Floyd 's moves - ready to cut him off and attack every time he creates an opening . ` I have all the confidence in the world that Manny is going to knock Floyd out on May 2 . ' The pair will go head-to-head in a $ 300million mega-fight at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on May 2 .