Arizona officials who botched an investigation into the rape of a 13-year-old girl - allowing her rapist to continue to assault her for four years - have agreed to pay her $ 3.5 million . The payout by Maricopa County , which was revealed on Wednesday , comes after it emerged that Patrick Morrison continued to assault the mentally-disabled girl , his niece , and even got her pregnant when detectives failed to properly investigate the case . Her rape was among more than 400 sex-crime cases that were inadequately investigated or not looked into at all by Sheriff Joe Arpaio 's office over a three-year period ending in 2007 . Morrison , from Mesa , first raped his niece Sabrina Morrison in March 2007 , and after she told a teacher the following day , authorities performed a rape kit on her . Payout : Sabrina Morrison , pictured left in an interview in 2012 , will receive $ 3.5 million after sheriff 's deputies failed to arrest her uncle , Patrick Morrison , right , after he raped her when she was 13 . Even though the kit showed traces of semen , the sheriff 's deputies did not collect a blood sample from Patrick Morrison - as requested by the lab - and left him walking the streets . Sabrina 's mother , Vikki Morrison , said her daughter was known to make up stories , so when sheriff 's deputies told her the rape kit had shown no evidence of a rape , she believed them . ` I was told straight to my face there was no evidence of any trauma or any sexual assault , so we thought she was lying the whole time , ' she told CBS5AZ in a 2012 interview . It meant that for the next four years , Morrison continued to rape his niece and even got her pregnant in 2009 . But because of physical complications , the baby was aborted . He threatened to kill her if she told anyone about the assaults , Sabrina said as she spoke out about the ordeal in 2012 . Her family said she was acting out so badly , that she was sent to live in a group home . Finally , four years after the initial attack , the case was re-opened and deputies gathered the blood sample from Morrison . The following year , he was arrested . Victim : Sabrina , pictured as a child , told a teacher she had been raped when she was 13 but authorities falsely said there was no evidence of the attack . It meant her uncle continued to rape her for four years . Locked up : The case was re-opened in 2011 and Morrison , pictured in court , was sentenced to 24 years . He pleaded guilty to one count of child molestation and two counts of attempted child molestation and was sentenced to 24 years in prison . ` That slipped through the cracks , we did due diligence after the fact that we found out , and we acted on it , ' Sheriff Joe Arpaio explained at a Wednesday press conference . But the family was outraged . ` How do you feel when you find out your daughter 's been telling you the truth and you did n't know it the whole time ? ' Vikki Morrison asked in the CBS interview . Sabrina 's family filed a lawsuit against the department . The lawsuit alleged that the subsequent attacks on the girl could have been avoided if Arpaio 's office arrested the suspect after he first abused her in March 2007 . ` An eighth-grader could have solved this case , ' attorney Charles Surrano said . ` They sat on the evidence , closed the case and never obtained the sample necessary to have the DNA testing done . ' The decision to resolve the lawsuit marks the latest in a long string of legal settlements against Arpaio 's office . Anger : Sabrina 's mother , Vikki Morrison , said the sheriff 's department had told her a rape kit showed there was no trace the teenager had been attacked , so she thought her daughter was lying . The county had previously paid more than $ 68 million in judgments , settlements and legal fees for the sheriff 's office during Arpaio 's 22-year tenure . Some settlements resolved lawsuits filed over the treatment of inmates in Arpaio 's jails and the sheriff 's failed corruption investigations of political foes . The settlement Wednesday applies only to Sabrina Morrison 's lawsuit . It 's unknown whether other victims in the botched investigations have filed similar lawsuits . The sheriff reflected on the legacy of the botched investigations at a Wednesday news conference , which was called to discuss a recent jail beating . ` We 're talking about old history , but sometimes you learn from old history , ' Arpaio said of the bungled cases . ` You try to do everything you can to hope that it never happens again . ' He said he hopes the settlement money will go toward helping the victim and characterized the case 's resolution as a good business decision , considering the girl 's family had sought $ 30 million . Hot water : Her rape was among more than 400 sex-crime cases that were inadequately investigated or not looked into at all by the office of Sheriff Joe Arpaio -LRB- pictured -RRB- over a three-year period ending in 2007 . The sheriff apologized in December 2011 for the bungled cases , and his office has since said it has moved to clear up the investigation and taken steps to prevent the problem from happening again . An internal review attributed the failures to understaffing and mismanagement . A former supervisor says her investigators were pulled away from time to time to help with training efforts and Arpaio 's immigrant-smuggling squad . But Maricopa County Supervisor Steve Gallardo said the sheriff failed to apologize to Sabrina Morrison as the settlement was reached , Fox10 reported . ` It 's unconscionable that a mentally challenged girl be raped for four years ... and law enforcement failed to act , ' he said . The sheriff rejected the claim . ' -LSB- Gallardo has -RSB- always been blasting me for the last five years , you do n't think he 'll say `` thank you Sheriff for rescuing all the animals , '' or `` Sheriff we feel sorry for your detectives '' , ' said Arpaio .