Hillary Clinton 's now-famous Scooby Doo van made an appearance in Council Bluffs , Iowa on Thursday for a closed-door meeting with state Democratic Party officials -- and it idled in a handicapped parking space from beginning to end . Footage broadcast by KETV-7 in the nearby city of Omaha , Nebraska , showed the presidential nominee emerging from a cafe , greeting onlookers and walking past the blue handicapped-parking sign to climb into the vehicle . Secret Service agents are technically federal law enforcement officers , so there was no chance of a parking ticket , even if Scooby had been left unattended . SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEOS . Secret Service agents parked Hillary Clinton 's campaign van in a handicapped spot on Thursday while she was in a top-secret meeting with Democratic Party officials . Clinton emerged from the meeting and greeted a handful of onlookers in Council Bluffs , Iowa . SCOOBY-TWO : Clinton 's now-iconic souped-up van has a mechanically identical clone , which the Secret Service rolled out as a decoy on Wednesday . KETV trailed Clinton to the Main Street Cafe in Council Bluffs , and spoke to Pottawattamie County Democratic Chairwoman Linda Nelson . The cafe meeting was so secret , Nelson told the station , that everyone in the room was told to hand over their cell phones and cameras before it began . The Secret Service typically does not comment on security arrangements for dignitaries . Mrs. Clinton has round-the-clock protection , including a van chauffeur , because she is the wife of a former U.S. president , Bill Clinton . On Wednesday near Des Moines , Iowa , Daily Mail Online trailed Clinton 's motorcade . The phalanx of 7 cars included a second ` Scooby ' - mobile outfitted to look identical to the one Clinton was riding in . At one point that van 's driver forced an interloping driver out of the way and drove through a red light to keep up with the group . FLASHERS : ` Scooby-two ' forced an Iowa motorist to leave the roadway on Wednesday so it could go through a red light and rejoin the Clinton motorcade .