I really enjoy celeb watching . For me it 's all about watching the parade of stunning women wearing dresses that I would neither be able to fit into nor afford . As I get older however , different things draw my attention . A clear sign that I 'm firmly settled in middle age may be the utterly sad truth that , I am riveted by the tight jaw lines . And on a recent trip to the U.S. it seemed that I am not the only one . I spent my time there scouring the faces of the women - and men - that I met , trying to spot a wobby chin or weak lower cheek . As a matter of fact I could n't find a single jowl on anyone . These women had expression lines , wrinkles around their eyes and on their forehead when speaking , but chins and jaw lines that were as tight as a girl just sitting her GCSE 's . Scroll down for video . Forget botox or chemical peels the latest celebrity beauty craze is having a tight jawline like Emma Stone . And I 'm not just talking about 20-something 's like Emma Stone or Margot Robie , but even amongst the over 40 's , and the 50-somethings , there was n't a slackened jowl in sight . It 's not just about being thin , there 's tightness that on planet earth , as far as I can tell , just should n't naturally be there . So just how do they do it ? As a 40-something woman who is sadly observing a jaw line that appears to be more and more desperate to rendez-vous with my neck each and every day -- it has become my latest obsession . After some calls to my best insider A-list Docs , it seems the new trend in celebrity-ville these days is not about hiding your wrinkles , instead it 's the Nefertiti lift , aptly named after the Egyptian queen famous for -LRB- amongst other things -RRB- her very defined jaw line . Dr Barbara Kubicka says she has clients coming in each and every day asking for botox not on their foreheads but designed to firm their jaw line . Dr Barbara Kubicka sees a host of celebrities at her Knightsbridge clinic and says that ` While the whole world expects it 's wrinkles that age you , it 's actually your face shape that 's making you look older . ' She has clients coming in each and every day asking for Botox not on their foreheads but designed to firm their jaw line . Here 's why : ` The first thing that our mind assesses when it come to judging the age of the person is shape of their face , ' Dr Kubicka says , ` Our faces change with time from a triangle -LRB- high cheek bones and defined jaw line -RRB- to a square with a heavy jaw line and double chin . The shape of the face is much more important than the lines and folds . In fact , according to recent research we universally recognise as younger , a person who is wrinkly but has a youthful face shape . Thus , traditional Botox on the forehead alone does n't improve appearance , but changing the shape of your face and tightening your jaw line , does . ' Getting a Nefertiti Lift , or lower face rejuvenation has become a must have in Hollywood right now , and you can understand why . Ashley says the latest anti aging treatment is the Nefertiti lift for jowls . Think about the love scenes . How many of us can say with confidence we do n't have double chins when lying down ? I dread to think what mine looks like . And these actresses are filmed that way and just as badly -- from the side whist talking . How I dread those photos showing up on Facebook ! Indeed , for those of us who live our lives ` off camera ' or shall we say with less pressing incentive than our celebrity friends have , there 's still a feeling of wanting to look the way we used to . The good news is though , that apart from a lower face lift -- which lets be honest plenty of actresses have -- for those of us who want to avoid going under the knife there is a lot of other stuff out there we can do . Indeed , Dr Kubicka of ClinicBe confirms that there 's a lot that can be done without surgery : . You can jab it : Access to soft and fat tissue around the jaw line and under the chin can be corrected with up to 3 sessions of Aqualyx -LRB- which is a new and improved version of ` flab jab ' -RRB- It works to dissolve fat cells and allows us to pass them out of our bodies when we urinate . 550 pounds per treatment . You can tighten it : Loss of skin laxity can be rectified with different skin treatments like Dermaroller , Radio Frequency or laser and loss of volume on the upper face resulting in a lower face drop can be improved with Dermal Filler or Sculptra . You can lift it : Over active Platysma muscle on the neck that pulls the corner of the jawline down with every contraction can be relaxed with muscle relaxant injections such as Botox which gives an effective lift . Botox -LRB- muscle relaxing injections -RRB- : Nefertiti Lift £ 350 -LRB- Treatments last 3 - 4 months -RRB- And finally Dr Kubicka says that the best innovation over the last couple of years is threads . These have been around for a while -LRB- remember Madonna was snapped with that suspicious scarring that was widely believed to be a thread lift ? -RRB- . Brand new to the market are PDO threads - a Korean innovation that is suitable for both lifting and tightening . It 's far less invasive than traditional threads -LRB- there is no hook to hook them on -RRB- and there are many sizes and lengths of threads available which allows treatment to every part of the face and even the body . As much as they lift they result in an increase of collagen production and line improvement as a bonus . PDO Threads - Price on Consultation . -LRB- Treatments last up to 18 months -RRB- And with all of these treatments , subtlety is what you 're aiming for . Says Dr Kubicka : ` The greatest advantage is that we can improve the lower face , lift it and tighten without adding extra volume -LRB- as seen before with the dreaded ` pillow faces look ' -RRB- which allows us to achieve not only a younger but as well more naturally beautiful facial appearance . '