While Richie Benaud rose from the suburbs to captain Australia , he will be remembered forever for his mastery of commentating . The champion leg spinner turned cricket commentating into an art form , earning him the title of ` the Voice of Cricket . ' His commentary was understated , measured and often extremely funny , and his one-liners were perfectly timed . Scroll down for video . 84-year-old cricket commentator Richie Benaud has passed away after a battle with skin cancer . His sayings from the hundreds of Test and One Day cricket matches he commentated on across the world were often what fans remembered from important moments . His signature one liners soon dropped to a simple word . ` Marvellous ... ' will forever be linked to the cricket legend . On commentating , Benaud said : ` My mantra is - put your brain into gear and if you can add to what 's on the screen then do it , otherwise shut up . ' He once described the scene on the field : ` From our broadcast box you ca n't see any grass at all , it is simply a carpet of humanity . ' On captaincy , and he was one of the best Test captains Australia ever had , Benaud was modest : ` The hallmark of a great captain is the ability to win the toss , at the right time . ' His commentary was understated and often extremely funny , and his one-liners were perfectly timed . The former leg spinner turned cricket commentating into an art form , giving him the title ` the Voice of Cricket ' But he cautioned that description with : ` Captaincy is 90 per cent luck and 10 per cent skill . But do n't try it without that 10 per cent . ' When fellow leg spinner Shane Warne produced the so-called ` Ball of the Century ' to dismiss English batsmen Mike Gatting , Benaud said : ` Gatting has absolutely no idea what has happened to it . Still does n't know . ' But his mastery of understatement did n't mean he could n't offer forthright opinions on the latest cricketing controversy . On Australian bowler Trevor Chappell 's infamous underarm bowling incident in February 1 , 1981 , Benaud said : ` It was a disgraceful performance ... and it should never be permitted to happen again . ' He also was n't afraid of the odd double entendre when cricketers came to grief on the field or there were some antics from spectators . His trademark word , ` Marvellous ... ' will forever be linked to the cricket legend . Once after a player had been hit in the groin , he said : ` Take away the pain , leave the swelling ' . After a streaker ran on to the field : ` There was a slight interruption there for athletics . ' Although comical on the pitch , off the pitch he was a serious man with a big heart . When Test and One Day cricketer Phillip Hughes tragically passed away , Benaud narrated a heartfelt tribute for the 25-year-old . ` A boy , just beginning , 25 years of age , baggy green number 408 . His father 's best mate , son , brother , fighter , friend , inspiration ... Phillip Hughes , forever rest in peace , son , ' he said . Back on the field , on a Justin Langer six he said : . ` He 's not quite got hold of that one . If he had , it would have gone for nine . ' And will any commentator ever be able to match his tributes to a fine piece of play on the field ? ` Top shot that . '