Pitted against a Russian grandmaster in the tournament , 12-year-old chess prodigy Jonah Willow was an underdog even in the eyes of his most ardent supporters . So it came as a surprise when , after two hours of play , Alexander Cherniaev , 45 , shrugged resignedly and offered the youngster a draw . ` The grandmaster felt he could do nothing more to force a win or to break his way through , ' said Jonah 's proud father Simon Scott . Scroll down for video . Talented : Jonah Willow aged 12 , who drew a chess match with a Russian grandmaster four times his age . ` We were all completely amazed . We could n't really believe it . You expect grandmasters to destroy people . ` But Jonah did very well . Cherniaev was left thinking for 15 minutes after one of Jonah 's opening moves while he worked out what to do next . ' Jonah beat three other players in the Nottingham Chess Congress to face Cherniaev , who went on to win the title . Jonah was third overall , qualifying for the British Chess Championships this August in Warwick . It was the fourth time Jonah , from Nottingham , had competed in an open tournament against far older and more experienced players , but the first time he had played a grandmaster . The title , the game 's highest apart from world champion , is conferred by world governing body FIDE . Jonah started playing chess when he was five after seeing his sister Hambel , then eight , playing for fun against their father . Jonah , 12 , played chess grandmaster Alexander Cherniaev for hours before the Russian suggested a draw . Proud dad Simon Scott said the chess champion was left thinking for 15 minutes after one of his son 's moves . Both children are home-schooled by their parents Mr Scott , 45 , a designer , and his partner Carolyne Willow , 49 , a children 's rights campaigner and writer . Jonah said of his David versus Goliath encounter on Sunday with Cherniaev : ` It feels amazing . It was such a shock result . ` But I was n't nervous . I knew if I lost that it did n't matter because he is a grandmaster and I was just excited to be playing against him . I 'd like to be a grandmaster myself one day . ' Home-schooled Jonah spend up to two hours a day studying chess moves in books and analysing games . Jonah winning chess tournaments at the age of seven , left and eight , right . He has already represented England at junior events . Jonah was one of 20 players in the open section of the tournament , but was not the youngest -- an 11-year-old also qualified . Mr Scott said : ` Cherniaev said Jonah played well and chose a good opening . They spent time together analysing the game . ' Jonah spends one to two hours a day studying chess moves from books and analysing past games . He belongs to a chess club , enjoys badminton and plays the piano . Mr Scott said : ` I play chess but Jonah regularly beats me . He just loves the game . '