According to a woman who is apparently against the preachings of Andrew Caldwell , the St. Louis man got his just desserts . The 21-year-old became somewhat infamous late last year for video of him screaming ` I do n't like mens no more - I like women , women , women ! ' after a pastor at an evangelical megachurch claimed to have cured his homosexuality . Caldwell hit headlines in November after the footage surfaced of him being ` delivered ' by God . But he says he was attacked by an employee at a FroYo in Delmar on Wednesday after the cashier recognized him . He ended up completely doused in his own dessert at the counter . ` I filled -LRB- the bowl -RRB- all the way up to the top - I had some Kit Kats , I had some Reese 's on it , ' Caldwell told STL Today . ` It was all all in my face , on my clothes , in my shoes . ' Scroll down for video . Unhappy viewer : This is the moment St. Louis FroYo cashier Stephanie Diaz -LRB- green shirt -RRB- throws a bowl of yogurt in the face of Andrew Caldwell , a man who found internet fame for saying God cured his homosexuality . Doused in dessert : Caldwell claimed Diaz attacked him because she disagreed with his ideals about being ` cured ' . However Diaz said he demanded a discount and called her a ` dog ' Heated confrontation over frozen yogurt : Caldwell was covered in FroYo , and said his bowl was extra large . Megachurch star : Andrew Caldwell in a still from a video of him speaking during a Church of God in Christ Convention in St. Louis last year , where he infamously said he ` do n't like mens no more ' Caldwell claims the employee recognized him from his video at the Church of God in Christ 's 107th Holy Convocation . He said the woman called him a gay slur , said that it was impossible for God to ` turn ' gay people straight , and then picked up the extra large bowl from the scale at the counter and aggressively threw it in Caldwell 's face , according to The St. Louis Post-Dispatch . However the employee , Stephanie Diaz , says Caldwell is a liar . In an interview with the same TV station , Diaz said Caldwell demanded a discount for his yogurt . When she did n't relent , he called her a ` dog ' and a ` b -- ' , Diaz said . Diaz , who is openly gay , said it had nothing to do with the viral video . ` I threw the ice cream at him , ' she said outside of the store Thursday . ` He called me a dog . ... I lost it . ' ` I lost it ' : Stephanie Diaz , who is openly gay , admits to throwing the yogurt at Caldwell , but said he is lying about his story . Scene : The incident occurred Wednesday at his FroYo store in Delmar , St.Louis . Comfortably straight : Andrew Caldwell , seen here in a recent photo from his Facebook page , happily announced last year that God had cured his homosexuality and that he had been ` delivered ' CCTV footage released of the incident shows Caldwell throwing money at Diaz . That is when Diaz throws the yogurt . The FroYo store released the footage to show Caldwell was lying . Diaz said she had never seen the church video or heard of Caldwell . She has been charged with third-degree assault . However Diaz has not been fired . FroYo have said any punishment that should occur from the incident will be handled internally . Stylish : Caldwell is pictured here dressed in head-to-toe designer clothing on his Facebook page . Caldwell says he is considering suing Diaz and FroYo . In he video of Caldwell being ` delivered ' that went viral , he announces into the microphone : ` I 'm not gay no more ! I am delivered ! I do n't like mens no more ! I said I like women ! Women , women , women ! I said women ! I 'm not gay ! I will not date a man ! I will not carry a purse ! I will not put on makeup ! I will love a woman . ' The megachurch audience can be heard screaming and cheering in the background , congratulating Caldwell on no longer being gay . The pastor then hands him $ 100 , saying the Lord told him to . After the video spread , Caldwell - who was extravagantly dressed in a paisley suit , purple shirt and mustard bow tie - did a series of interviews , where he said he meant what he said , but was unhappy the video became so popular . He said he did not want to get in front of the church to begin with , but believes his homosexuality no longer exists .