Model Abbey Clancy is helping to target breast cancer , by striking a sultry pose in a new charity campaign . The winner of 2013 's Strictly Come Dancing joins singer Foxes , 25 , Victoria 's Secret Angel Lily Donaldson , 28 , and model Alice Dellal , 27 , in the new series of pictures by photographer Simon Emmett for Fashion Targets Breast Cancer . Clancy , 29 , looks chic as she shows off her famous legs , wearing just a plain white shirt . Abbey Clancy leads the glamour as she joins forces with her famous friends to target breast cancer , by striking a sultry pose in a new charity campaign . The model , who is mother to four-year-old daughter Sophia with footballer husband Peter Crouch , said : ` As a mum , it makes me proud to be part of a campaign that funds vital work towards ensuring the next generation of young women do not have be afraid of a diagnosis of breast cancer . ` I 'm wearing my support , and I want everyone across the UK to do the same and get behind this campaign . ' Holding Onto Heaven singer Foxes looks foxy in cropped stripy top and jeans . Abbey says she is proud to be part of a campaign that funds vital work towards ensuring the next generation of young women do not have be afraid of a diagnosis of breast cancer . Victoria 's Secret Angel Lily Donaldson , who has been in the industry for years , also adds some glamour to the charity campaign . Holding Onto Heaven singer Foxes dons a stripy top and jeans for the campaign she says she 's ` honoured ' to be a part of . She said : ` I 'm so honoured to be taking part in this year 's Fashion Targets Breast Cancer , and becoming part of the campaign 's awesome heritage . ` Fashion is a huge part of my life , and if by taking part I can inspire women to wear their support , join the fight and take on breast cancer head on , then that will be something to be really proud of . ' Now in its 19th year , the campaign has so far raised £ 13.5 m for Breakthrough Breast Cancer 's research funding . This year the range of clothes and accessories have been produced in conjunction with high street partners m & s , River Island , Warehouse , Topshop , Laura Ashley , Debenhams , Superga , Baukjen and The Cambridge Satchel Company . They can be viewed online at www.fashiontargetsbreastcancer.org.uk/lookbook  . The campaign , which also stars Alice Dellal , has so far raised £ 13.5 m for Breakthrough Breast Cancer 's research funding .