Last year it was ` Dare to Zlatan ' and 12 months on it seems to be ` Search Zlatan , ' following the launch of a brand new website . Zlatan Ibrahimovic has made the headlines throughout his trophy-laden career but it appears a novel way has been created to find any information purely about the maverick 32-year-old striker . Search engine zlaaatan.com has immortalised the Paris Saint-Germain forward with the site totally devoted to the French giants ' No 10 . Zlatan Ibrahimovic has had a search engine website created in his honour called zlaaatan.com . The website has an identical style to Google with users given the option to ` Zlatan Search ' or ` I 'm feeling Zlatan ' In a house style that is identical to Google , and operates just like the search engine , users have the option to ` Zlatan Search ' or ` I 'm feeling Zlatan . ' The click of the former button takes users to articles about Ibrahimovic on Google , while the latter directs them to his Wikipedia page . In addition any results from the search bar will automatically add ` Zlatan ' to the front - meaning he will forever be at the forefront of the news . It must be said though that website is neither affiliated with Ibrahimovic nor Google . The website though has no affliation with the Paris Saint-Germain No 10 -LRB- left -RRB- nor Google . Creative director of SweetPop , the agency that came up with the website idea , Andreas Killander hopes the search engine will bring a smile to the Sweden international . ` We did n't ask his permission , but we hope he sees it as an amusing experience , ' he said . ` Our search engine is linked to Google but all the searches are Zlatanified . All the results have some link to Zlatan ... if you type in Ferrari , you 'll get stuff about Zlatan 's Ferrari ; if you want a recipe , you 'll get the Zlatan Burger . ` Zlatan is an idol . He 's known the world over . That 's why we chose him . ' SweetPop , the agency that came up with the website idea , hope that Ibrahimovic -LRB- left -RRB- will find it amusing . As memorable as he can be with his feet , Zlatan Ibrahimovic can also do likewise with his tongue . Sportsmail reminds you of 10 of the Sweden international 's best quotes . ` In my head I am the strongest of all . I certainly do n't need the Ballon d'Or to prove that I am number one . ' Ibrahimovic may not have been named on the shortlist for the 2012 Ballon d'Or award , but it clearly did n't affect the striker 's confidence in his own ability . ` A World Cup without me is nothing to watch so it is not worthwhile to wait for the World Cup . ' Ibrahimovic came up against Cristiano Ronaldo in the play-off to reach the World Cup in Brazil last summer , but it was Sweden that were on the losing side and the PSG forward let everyone know there was n't much point in watching a tournament that did n't feature himself . ` I could n't believe it . I was like `` No way , Zlatan does n't do auditions '' . ' Arsene Wenger revealed that he came close to signing Ibrahimovic when he was a fresh-faced 16-year-old but he refused to have a trial at the north London club . ` Nothing . She already has Zlatan . ' As any man will attest to , buying a gift for your loved one can be a difficult task . Not for Ibrahimovic though , who admits his wife needs nothing else for her birthday when she already has Zlatan . ` Well , I do n't know . You 'll have to ask your wife about that . ' As a member of the media you have to remember to choose your questions carefully when interviewing Ibrahimovic . This reporter was n't , and asked the striker how he got the scars on his face . ` What Carew does with a football , I can do with an orange . ' Ibrahimovic did n't take too kindly to criticism from Scandinavian counterpart and former Aston Villa and West Ham striker John Carew . ` Come to my house and you 'll see if I 'm gay , and bring your sister . ' During his spell at Barcelona a picture emerged of Ibrahimovic getting rather close to team-mate Gerard Pique but the Sweden international strongly refuted suggestions he was gay , particularly when they were voiced by one female reporter . ` It was the fault of David Trezeguet , who made me do one drink of vodka after another . I slept in the bathtub . Now I hold my vodka much better . ' Ibrahimovic tried to pass the blame to former Juventus team-mate David Trezeguet after reports of excessive behaviour following the club 's Serie A title success . ` I like fireworks too , but I set them off in gardens or kebab stands . I never set fire to my own house . ' After Mario Balotelli , a former team-mate of Ibrahimovic 's at Inter Milan , set fire to his bathroom when he let fireworks of out the window , the PSG hitman admitted his like for fireworks . ` You bought a Ferrari but you drive it like a Fiat . ' Ibrahimovic 's short and tumultuous stint in La Liga with Barcelona was riddled with arguments and falling outs , particularly with manager Pep Guardiola and the 33-year-old was not happy with his role in the team .