Russian Premier League team Torpedo Moscow must play two home games in an empty stadium after fans displayed a banner with a Nazi symbol , the club 's fourth racism-related punishment this season . Torpedo supporters showed the flag during the club 's 3-1 win over Arsenal Tula on Sunday . The punishment will not take effect until May because Torpedo are already required to play their next two home games behind closed doors for a separate incident in which fans abused Zenit St Petersburg striker Hulk with monkey chants . Sunday 's clash between Torpedo Moscow and Arsenal Tula was marred by violence and racism . A fan lays on the ground after being attacked by rival supporters during Torpedo 's latest away game . Sunday 's game was also marred by crowd violence , with Torpedo fans attacking Arsenal supporters and police . For that , Torpedo fans will be barred from the club 's next three away games , with the exception of women and children under 13 . Torpedo was fined a total of 900,000 rubles -LRB- £ 11,000 -RRB- for various offenses including the Nazi banner , the fighting , use of pyrotechnics by fans , and insulting chants . Arsenal received a 480,000-ruble -LRB- £ 6,000 -RRB- fine on charges including failing to secure the stadium properly . Police detained 15 fans at the game , of which seven face charges , Russian agency Tass reported on Monday . In response to the incidents at Sunday 's game , Torpedo president Alexander Tukmanov told the R-Sport agency that the club 's fans seemed to be ` probably the most aggressive ' of any top-flight Russian team . Torpedo 's previous three racism offenses this season all involved monkey chants against opposition players . Torpedo are already due to play their next two home games behind closed doors after aiming monkey chants at Zenit St Petersburg during their fixture last month . Club were also punished after fans abused Dynamo Moscow defender Christopher Samba earlier in season . The latest punishment comes a week after the Russian Football Union appointed its first dedicated anti-racism inspector , who is tasked with gathering evidence to punish clubs for racism-related incidents at matches . A report by two anti-discrimination organizations last month said there were more than 200 cases of discriminatory behavior linked to Russian soccer over two seasons , as the country prepares to host the 2018 World Cup . Separately on Tuesday , Zenit coach Andre Villas-Boas was given a suspended one-game ban by the Russian Football Union for repeatedly breaking rules on leaving his technical area at games throughout the season .