A dog breeder and her husband have been jailed for animal cruelty after their animals were found in the ` worst conditions ever seen ' . Margaret and Gary Mazan from Bradford , West Yorkshire , had their 14 Red Setters seized by RSPCA inspectors after the animals were discovered in filthy cages in a garden shed . The court heard how the animals had matted fur , were dehydrated and had not been provided with a suitable diet . Cruel : Margaret Mazan -LRB- pictured -RRB- and her husband Gary were found guilty of animal cruelty after their 14 Red Setters were found in appalling conditions . Sentenced : Margaret -LRB- left -RRB- and Gary Mazan -LRB- right -RRB- were jailed for 26 weeks and given a lifetime ban from owning or keeping pets , which they can not appeal for 25 years . Three of the fully grown dogs were found by inspectors crammed in puppy cages and the majority were kept in a squalid garden shed . Magistrates heard the couple caused unnecessary suffering to some of the dogs by failing to seek veterinary care for their eyes and injuries to their tails . Mrs Mazan , 53 , who was said to have shown and bred setters for more than 10 years , chose not to give evidence at Bradford and Keighley Magistrates ' Court during the two-day trial . Her husband Gary , 51 , who is a long-distance lorry driver , claimed it was Mrs Mazan who had sole responsibility for the dogs . Crammed : The animals were found with matted fur and inside cramped , filthy cages inside a garden shed . Seized : RSPCA inspectors discovered the animals in some of the ` worst conditions ' they had ever seen . Owner : Mrs Mazan , who was said to have shown and bred setters for more than 10 years , chose not to give evidence at Bradford and Keighley Magistrates ' Court during the two-day trial . The animals had been kept at the family 's home since they moved from Leeds to Bradford in February 2013 . A month after the move the RSPCA served a warning notice due to the conditions the dogs were being kept in , which had been adhered to by the time they visited again in April 2013 . But concerns over the welfare of the animals were raised by a dog warden after they were refused access to the property and called the RSPCA . Emma Ellis , an RSPCA inspector for Bradford who attended the scene and helped to seize the animals , said it was the worst conditions she has seen in her 12 years as an inspector . She said : ` To see 12 dogs living in a small shed , with three fully grown setters living in a puppy cage is horrific . ` They could not sit down or turn around and there fur was matted , covered in urine and faeces . ` When the shed was opened , the smell literally hit you and it was a small like I had never experienced before . I still recall the smell every time I see the photos . Caged : The animals had been kept at the Bradford home since the family moved from Leeds in February 2013 . Matted : The couple were said to have caused unnecessary suffering to the dogs as they failed to seek veterinary care for their eyes and injuries to their tails -LRB- pictured -RRB- . ` To keep animals in these conditions is unacceptable for anyone , let a alone a dog breeder . ' The animals are now currently under the care of the RSPCA , after the charity demanded ownership of all the Mazans ' pets , including an additional dog , called Clever . The dog , which belonged to the family 's daughter who was away at university , had been chipped in Mrs Mazan 's name and magistrates decided to transfer custody of the animal , alongside the other 14 dogs , to the RSPCA . Dingle Clark , prosecuting on behalf of the RSPCA , told the court that boarding costs for the dogs since they were seized had reached £ 48,000 , with an additional £ 7,000 in vets fees . Filthy : Three of the fully grown dogs were found by RSPCA inspectors crammed in puppy cages and the majority were kept in a squalid garden shed . All animals are now in the charity 's care . Sentencing the pair to 26 weeks in jail , Allie Coward , chairman of the bench , said : ` We have considered all the evidence , and this was the most heinous act of cruelty against defenceless animals we have ever seen . ' An immediate appeal against the sentence was made and a request for bail ahead of any appeal hearing at the Crown Court , but the application for bail was denied by the court . The pair were also given a lifetime ban against owning or keeping any animal , and told they can not appeal against the order for at least 25 years .