Iain Duncan Smith has launched a scathing attack on Labour 's ` politics of hate and envy ' and claimed the Conservatives are ` the real party of work ' . The Work and Pensions Secretary said Ed Miliband was standing on ` the most Left-wing platform since Michael Foot ' and was ` peddling lies ' about the Government 's record . In an interview with the Daily Mail , the former Conservative leader set out a powerful moral case for the party 's policies , which have reduced welfare dependency and got two million more into work . Scroll down for video . Urging action : Work and Pensions Secretary Iain Duncan Smith , left , called on fellow Tories to ` bang the drum ' in the next fortnight to champion the Government 's achievements . Right , Labour leader Ed Miliband . ` Labour does n't understand work . They do n't understand the importance of work in a cultural , social and health sense , ' he said . ` Instead they 're saying `` here are the people we hate '' . They hate people who get up early in the morning and work to get a business off the ground , they hate people who take risks , hate people that earn money , hate people that create jobs . ` They are reinventing the politics of envy . It 's alive and well . Labour is picking enemies . It 's the politics of fear . It is n't a message of hope . ' Mr Duncan Smith called on fellow Tories to ` bang the drum ' in the next fortnight to champion the Government 's achievements -- and persuade voters that Britain 's best days lie ahead if it sticks to its current economic course . Hailing the ` staggering ' increase in employment , now at a record high , he insisted : ` There are more disabled people in work than under Labour , the proportion of people in social housing who have a job is higher than it has been since records began . ` All these people that have gone back into work are lives saved in my book . Success : The Work and Pensions Secretary hailed the ` staggering ' increase in employment , now at a record high . Above , Prime Minister David Cameron on the campaign trail in Horstforth , Yorkshire today . ` Everything I have done -- the cap on benefits , the work experience for young kids , changes to sickness benefits -- we really do care about people . ` Labour thinks welfare and work are two sides of the same coin . They are not . We want to catch people when they fall , but we must get them to rise out of welfare dependency . ' The Work and Pensions Secretary said Labour had made a ` staggering misjudgement ' when it claimed the Government 's austerity measures would put one million people out of work . ` They have been out by a factor of three million . In fact there are two million more in work , ' he said . ` We know Ed Miliband and Ed Balls were party to the government that misjudged the public finances so dramatically , despite all the warnings that we were running a deficit that was too high . ` Not only did they not fix the roof when the sun was shining , they smashed the tiles off . ` That meant when the crisis came we were least prepared . It became what was actually for the UK the worst depression since at least the 1920s . ` Not only can they not run an economy , they ca n't even forecast anything correctly . Every proposal they have made as an opposition has been a joke . Every solution involves looking to the past and the state spending more money . ` They have never understood why they were wrong . They have learned nothing - absolutely nothing - since the financial crisis . ` That 's why every Labour government leaves office with unemployment higher than when they came into power . ` They think governments create jobs . They do n't . The government can set the conditions by which businesses can thrive : lower taxes , less regulation , give entrepreneurs a reason to stay in the UK and create jobs here . Defence : The former Conservative leader , pictured on Good Morning Britain last week , set out a powerful moral case for the party 's policies , which have reduced welfare dependency and got two million more into work . ` What Labour does is start to force up taxes , spend far too much , lose control of the public finances . ` The economy suffers , people lose their jobs and the lowest-paid bear the brunt . ' Mr Duncan Smith claimed that having lost the argument on jobs , Labour was now deliberately misleading people about the nature of the employment created , suggesting it is mainly part-time and low-paid . ` They peddle lies about the jobs . Actually 80 per cent are full-time , 60 per cent are managerial level jobs . 60 to 70 per cent are going to British-born citizens , compared to the 90 per cent of jobs that were going to foreign nationals under Labour , ' he said . ` These are n't my figures - they 're official Offical for National Statistics figures . Yet Labour rattles its chains like a character from Dickens and says everything is dreadful . ` Now people have been really hurt by the Great Recession that Labour oversaw . We ca n't expect people to run round and say `` hooray '' when we have started to turn things around . ` Their faith in the political system has been damaged . After all , Labour promised they 'd ended boom and bust . ` But we 've stuck to our guns and people are starting to feel the pound in their pocket . We have incomes rising at two per cent in the private sector . Things like fuel , heating and food prices have been falling . ` The greatest risk we face is that the job is not completed . Labour is peddling this myth that somehow we can start spending more money that we have n't got . ' He said Labour was also seeking to mislead voters about the future of the NHS , though they have not matched the Tories ' pledge to give it £ 8billion a year in extra funding . ` They set out to scare people - to believe something nasty is happening . Take the NHS - they say the Conservatives are going to damage or destroy the NHS . It is an appalling lie , ' he said . The Work and Pensions Secretary warned that a Labour government ` would be a prisoner to two groups - not just the SNP , but also their own backbenchers ' . ` The vast majority of Labour MPs do not believe in any element of deficit reduction . They think we should tax people on any more than average earnings and they want welfare payments to increase dramatically . , ' he said . Mr Duncan Smith warned Labour would halt his programme to replace all out-of-work benefits and tax credits with a new universal credit , which ensures it always pays more to take a job or more hours than remain on benefits . He also revealed that the new benefit will be denied to EU immigrants to deter low-paid incomers . Mr Duncan Smith said he wanted immigrants to wait for four years before they qualified , and had already opened talks with the EU Commission on introducing the lengthy time line .