When Ulster confirmed the audacious signing of All Black wing Charles Piutau this week , the scale of their transfer coup was illustrated by the complaints emanating from New Zealand . ` I 'm extremely disappointed he 's going , ' said Steve Hansen , coach of the world champions , having learned that the 23-year-old had rejected a new deal with the Blues and NZRU in favour of a season in Belfast , in 2016-17 . His views were echoed , more robustly , by commentators and fans alike . That might not be the end of the short-term Kiwi exodus , despite Jerome Kaino 's decision to stick around in favour of a shot at the Lions in 2017 . Charles Piutau rejected a new deal with the Blues and NZRU in favour of a season in Belfast . Fly-half Colin Slade is thought to be deciding between a move to Toulon or Pau in France -- while the latter club have already landed Conrad Smith . The prospect of piles of Euros and a gathering of elite players from around the world makes the Top 14 league the destination du jour , for southern stars seeking a stint abroad . What makes the Piutau deal so eye-catching is that it is a bold endorsement of Ulster 's ambition and also a boost to the wider Celtic game , below Test level . That boost is much-needed , because there are simmering problems -- as exposed and bemoaned by Leinster 's head coach Matt O'Connor last weekend . The Australian was infuriated by the softly-softly stance of Ireland coach Joe Schmidt , whose final say on release of Test players meant he was forced to rest a raft of leading lights for the Pro 12 clash with leaders Glasgow . Alun Wyn Jones can put his body on the line for Ospreys and Wales . ` It hurts the league , ' said the Australian , which is absolutely true . The Pro 12 has a credibility issue , due to the continuing absence of so many Irish stars from so many matches . While player welfare is quite rightly prioritised , there is a feeling that the national management go too far on occasions . No wonder the Welsh regions were so keen to align themselves with the Aviva Premiership clubs during the European rebellion last year . A leading figure such as Alun Wyn Jones gives body and soul to the Ospreys week after week , but still found the energy to face down the more rested Irish in Cardiff during the Six Nations . He and so many others in Wales would enhance the Premiership . If the Irish can not fully commit to a league -- making it a fitting stage for Piutau 's class -- they could play club rugby at home to sharpen up for European combat with their provinces . Scrap the LV Cup and bring the regions into an expanded Premiership . Job done . Wasps forward Hughes was clumsy , not reckless . Wasps players were incensed by the three-game ban handed to their No 8 , Nathan Hughes , for the collision which left George North unconscious last Friday night , and their angst is understandable . The big Fijian was clumsy , but no more , by failing to move in time to prevent his knee striking the head of the Lions wing , as he scored a try . Nathan Hughes was clumsy rather than reckless and did n't deserve a three-game ban . The disciplinary panel called the offence ` reckless ' and the reaction of Wasps captain James Haskell was priceless . ` Rugby is reckless , ' he said . ` The whole game is reckless . If you 're going to worry about that ... maybe we should all be wearing foam suits and playing touch . ' The England flanker had a point . The sport is founded on physicality and danger . A player who has scored a try deserves to be protected from belated , damaging contact , however accidental , but the suspicion lingers that Hughes is serving a ban because North was knocked out . If the scorer had jumped up and walked off , it 's fair to guess that the red card might have sufficed . Fill World Cup seats or face fan fury . Is anyone really surprised that trying to buy World Cup tickets is such a drawn-out ordeal ? For those without the benefit of a corporate invite -LRB- or a media pass , before anyone pipes up -RRB- , securing entry to a modern sporting showpiece is as appealing as a morning of root-canal treatment and as likely to deliver the desired outcome as a lottery ticket . The Webb Ellis Cup visits a school in Toronto as part of the Rugby World Cup Trophy Tour . We are in the cost-cutting age of do-it-all-online , so thousands of wannabe spectators were forced to endure endless hours of staring at a seemingly frozen screen on Monday . At least the old-fashioned system of queuing in person could foster a certain collective spirit , as so wonderfully evident at Wimbledon tennis down the years . Ultimately , the World Cup will be a sell-out , but organisers better be right when they say there wo n't be the empty seats which blighted the Olympics . As if being stuck on the outside with noses pressed against the glass is not bad enough , those denied tickets will be apoplectic if hordes of well-heeled ` guests ' ca n't be bothered to leave their plush marquee and venture into the arena , or even turn up at all . Signing Sinfield is an inspired move . It 's been dismissed in some quarters as a mere publicity stunt , which is harsh on all concerned . Kevin Sinfield is a colossus of rugby league who is switching codes in Leeds later this year , from the Rhinos to Yorkshire Carnegie . Yorkshire Carnegie 's signing of rugby league legend Kevin Sinfield is a statement of intent . He wants to play fly-half and while the prospect of him igniting the Championship at the age of 34 is far-fetched , he is a proven leader and winner , and his mentality is what the union side at Headingley are keen to tap into . No doubt , he 'll bring a few more through the turnstiles , too , but coach Bryan Redpath will want him to provide inspiration to the rookies around him . It is a worthwhile roll of the dice and amid talk of an end to promotion and relegation , Leeds are another second-tier club demonstrating a desire to be upwardly mobile . Last Word . Team GB , under the auspices of England , face the growing threat of having to come through a qualifying competition this summer in order to reach the Olympic Sevens tournament in Rio . In Hong Kong last weekend , Simon Amor 's side -- nominated as the best prospect to qualify on behalf of Great Britain , ahead of Wales and Scotland -- lost further ground to Australia and remain stuck in fifth place in the world rankings , one below the final qualification slot . This weekend in Tokyo , they must try to catch their rivals from Down Under , but they have been drawn in a pool with Fiji , who won in Hong Kong and are second in the rankings behind South Africa . Realistically , one Olympic place is up for grabs , behind those nations and New Zealand , and England 's advantage is that the series culminates at Twickenham next month . Sadly , Team GB 's preparations -- complicated by the presence of separate home nations in rugby -- have been marred by a chronic lack of clarity and foresight , and being forced to enter what amounts to a repechage event would be somehow fitting .