Former Northern Territory politician Matthew Gardiner has reportedly been detained at Darwin airport as he returned from Syria , where he is believed to have been fighting the Islamic State . In January the senior NT Labor party figure fled the country with plans to join Kurdish militants - an action which is penalised with life in prison in Australia . He arrived at Darwin airport early on Sunday morning after flying from the Middle East via Sweden and Singapore , according to . Australian Federal Police confirmed to Daily Mail Australia that a man had been detained at the airport . ` The AFP can confirm that it spoke to a Darwin man today -LRB- Sunday 5 April 2015 -RRB- following his return to Australia , ' an AFP spokesperson said . ` Enquiries relating to his activities while overseas are ongoing and as such it is not appropriate to comment further at this time . ' Scroll down for video . Former Northern Territory politician Matthew Gardiner has returned to Australia after he was understood to have been fighting ISIS in the Middle East . The 43-year-old , who has an army background , was allowed to leave the country because he was not on any watch list . He left behind his wife Andrea and three young sons , aged between three and 11 . They reportedly had no idea of his decision to flee the country before he disappeared . Mr Gardiner is also head of the NT Labor Party , though he was suspended from his role after his disappearance . In February Australian man Ashley Johnston became the first Westerner to be killed fighting against IS for the Kurdish People 's Protection Unit -LRB- YPG -RRB- . It 's believed the 28-year-old was fighting with the Kurdish People 's Protection Unit -LRB- YPG -RRB- and trying to liberate the ISIS-held town of Tal Hamis in Syria . Johnston was reportedly killed after he became outnumbered when a truck he was travelling in broke down in a small village near Shingal , close to Iraq 's border with Syrian Kurdistan . His mother Amanda Johnston had no idea her son was at war in the Middle East until she learnt of his death , as he told her he was simply heading to the Middle East to do humanitarian work . Around 90 Australians are understood to have travelled to the Middle East to join militant causes . Gardiner reportedly headed to Iraq or Syria with the view of joining Kurdish militants and fighting against IS . Mr Gardiner , 43 , reportedly served as an Australian Army combat engineer in Somalia in the early 1990s . Attorney General George Brandis was delivered an AFP brief on the Gardiner case . A spokesperson for Mr Brandis said Australians who join militant causes overseas face imprisonment should they survive and return . In January the senior NT Labor party figure fled the country with plans to join Kurdish militants . Gardiner was reportedly detained at Darwin Airport after returning to Australia via Singapore and Sweden . ` If you fight illegally in overseas conflicts , you face up to life in prison upon your return to Australia , ' the spokesperson said . ` It is illegal to fight in Syria for either side of the conflict . ` It is illegal to fight for a terrorist organisation anywhere , including in Iraq . ' Australians who wanted to oppose the actions of the Islamic State group should instead donate to humanitarian groups operating in affected areas , the spokesperson said . Around 90 Australians are understood to have travelled to the Middle East to join militant causes .