If you 've always dreamed of seeing penguins in Antarctica or tracking the Siberian tiger in Russia - but gorilla trekking in Rwanda and spotting grizzlies in Alaska also feature on your to do list , this could be the safari for you . But before you don your khakis , you 'll need a whopping £ 176,000 going spare to take part . The grand adventure promises to deliver up and close and personal moments with some of the world 's most elusive and enchanting wildlife . Scroll down for video . The adventure promises to deliver up and close and personal moments with some of the world 's most elusive and enchanting wildlife . To mark its 10th anniversary , Natural World Safaris has launched a new series of ` Ultimate Safari ' adventures . Divided into four areas : Primates , Bears , Big Cats and Marine Life , the safari can be taken separately , but also as an epic world tour over 203 days , taking in 21 destinations . On each ` Ultimate Safari ' , guests will be guided across the globe on a carefully planned itinerary , taking them through Africa , Asia and the Indian Subcontinent to the Polar Regions and Latin America for rare wildlife encounters . Each safari can be split into separate legs , or completed in one journey . They will be accompanied by expert guides , optimising the visitors encounters with wildlife , ensuring they are in the right place at the right time . The Ultimate Bear Safari tracks polar bears , grizzly bears and spirit bears in Arctic Canada , the Arctic Circle , Alaska and British Columbia . The rarest animal that guests can hope to see is the critically endangered Siberian Tiger in Russia . With a population currently stabilised at under 400 , sightings in the wild are extremely rare as Siberian tigers have the largest home range of any tiger subspecies . Accommodation ranges from pure luxury such as Shangri - La Rasa Ria , a large resort with its own orang-utan sanctuary , to basic cabins in Russia 's Durminskoye Forest Reserve , the best place to experience the habitat of the elusive Siberian Tiger . They can spend nights in eco lodges like the domes at Patagonia Eco Camp in Chile , and aboard ships such as the MS Malmo , a maritime vessel with heritage listing and the Jaguar House Boat moored on the north side of Taima Island , one of the best places in the world to see jaguars in the wild . BEARS . Destinations visited : Arctic Canada , Churchill -LRB- Canada -RRB- , Svalbard , Alaska , Bella Coola -LRB- Canada -RRB- , Great Bear Rainforest -LRB- Canada -RRB- . Duration : 45 days . Cost : from £ 45,000 including international and internal flights , transfers and all meals . See : polar bears , grizzly bears and spirit -LRB- Kermode -RRB- bears . BIG CATS . Destinations visited : Brazil , Chile , South Africa , Tanzania , Kenya , Sri Lanka , India . Duration : 62 days . Cost : from £ 45,000 including all international and internal flights , transfers and all meals . See : jaguars , pumas , leopards , cheetahs , snow leopards , tigers , Asiatic leopards , Asiatic lions , Bengal tigers and Siberian tigers . PRIMATES . Destinations visited : Tanzania , Rwanda , Republic of Congo , Madagascar , Borneo , Sumatra . Duration : 39 days . Cost : from £ 35,000 including international and internal flights , transfers and all meals . See : chimpanzees , mountain gorillas , lowland gorillas , lemurs , Bornean orangutans and Sumatran orangutans . MARINE ANIMALS . Destinations visited : Antarctica , Galapagos Islands , Iceland , Sri Lanka , Arctic Canada , South Africa , Svalbard . Duration : 57 days . Cost : from £ 51,500 including international and internal flights , transfers and all meals . See : humpback whales , sea lions , marine iguanas , Galapagos penguins , killer whales , blue whales , narwhal , beluga whales , polar bears , dolphins , sharks , sardine shoals , sea turtles and more . TOTAL : . Price £ 176,000 . Destinations 21 . Total Days - 203 . www.naturalworldsafaris.com . For those with a budget weighty enough to take on the whole 201 day extravaganza , there would be some overlap in terms of destinations , for example - tours to Svalbard appear on both the Marine safari , for narwhals , and the bear safari , for polar bears . So the option of dividing it up may be appealing . The Big Cat section takes intrepid nature fans to ten different locations , starting in Latin America to track pumas and jaguars , before heading off to Africa for cheetahs , lions and leopards . Guests will then visit Asia for Asian leopards , Asiatic lions , snow leopards and tigers , before finishing in Russia looking for the biggest cat of them all , the Siberian tiger . The Asiatic lion -LRB- left -RRB- and the Bengal tiger -LRB- right -RRB- are just two of the big cats safari participants can expect to see on their travels . The countries that will be visited are Brazil , Chile , South Africa , Tanzania , Kenya , Sri Lanka , India and Russia . As a separate trip , the 62 day Ultimate Big Cat Safari starts from £ 45,000 per person including international and internal flights , transfers and all meals . Primate enthusiasts can travel from Africa to Asia in search of mountain gorillas in Rwanda and lemurs in Madagascar to orang-utans in Borneo . The 39 day trip takes in Tanzania , Rwanda , Republic of Congo , Madagascar , Borneo and Sumatra . The Ultimate Bear Safari tracks polar bears , grizzly bears and spirit bears in Arctic Canada , the Arctic Circle , Alaska and British Columbia . The-45 day trip starts from £ 45,000 per person including international and internal flights , transfers and all meals . Meanwhile , marine animal fans can meet penguins and whales in Antarctica , sea lions and turtles in Galapagos , venture to Iceland to see killer whales and Arctic Canada for narwhals , dolphins and sharks in South Africa , and the mighty blue whales off Sri Lanka . The 57 day Ultimate Marine Safari starts from £ 51,500 per person including international and internal flights , transfers and all meals . A bald eagle hunts for fish in Alaska . With a wing span of up to 7.5 feet , the species is found only in North America . Accommodation ranges from pure luxury at the Shangri-La Rasa Ria in Malaysia to basic tents at the Arctic Safari Camp in Arctic Canada . A grizzly bear with his catch . The 45 day Ultimate Bear safari starts from £ 45,000 per person . Guests will be accompanied by guides , optimising the visitors encounters with wildlife , ensuring they are in the right place at the right time . Divided into four areas : Primates , Bears , Big Cats and Marine Life , the safari can be done as an epic world tour over 203 days . From scowling jaguars to splashing polar bears , the ultimate safari is every wildlife lover 's dream holiday , yours for £ 176,000 . Guests can camping on the edge of the ice floe in Arctic Canada heading out each day with your local Inuit guides to track the polar bears . A Verreaux 's Sifaka carrying her baby , in Berenty , Madagascar , where there are over a hundred species of lemur - all endemic to the island . Each safari can be split into separate legs , or completed in one journey . Pictured , a chimpanzee takes time to reflect . Stay in eco lodges in Chile , aboard ships such as the MS Malmo and the luxury tents at Greystoke Mahale , in Tanzania . The Anjajavy Lodge in Madagascar is one of the most luxurious properties found on the island and can only be reached via private airstrip . Fancy a dip with a blue whale ? You can swim with them in Sri Lanka as well as seeing dolphins , turtles , pilot whales and sperm whales .