Taronga Zoo 's elephants had a special treat for breakfast on Friday -- a record sized 728 kg pumpkin . The prodigious pumpkins displayed at this year 's show were cleverly recycled by being served to the Asian Elephants at the popular Sydney zoo . The prize-winning pumpkins - including a 728 kg monster that was the biggest pumpkin to ever grace a Sydney Royal Easter Show - were presented to the elephants on Friday morning . Baby elephant Tukta feeds on a giant pumpkin from the Sydney Royal Easter Show on Friday morning . Taronga 's Asian Elephant herd , including 3300 kg Pak Boon and calves Pathi Harn and Tukta , were quick to swoop on the record-breaking pumpkin . ` We 're always looking for new foods and enrichment items to challenge and stimulate our extraordinary animals . The adult elephants were no strangers to pumpkins , but keepers were keen to see what they would make of the supersized variety . ` Elephants have many remarkable skills and environmental enrichment is a great way to encourage these skills and arouse their natural curiosity , ' said Elephant Keeper , Steve Westnedge . The novelty sized pumpkins displayed at this year 's show were served to the Asian Elephants at the popular Sydney zoo . Keepers introduce new foods and enrichment items to challenge and stimulate the extraudinary animals . Taronga 's elephants are served a medley of different food items , particularly relishing fibrous palm logs and tough pineapple plant tops . They can eat between 60 kg and 100 kg in one day . ` When we saw the giant pumpkin in the news , we thought it was a fun opportunity to bring a taste of the Easter Show to Taronga and offer a nutritious and challenging treat to the Zoo 's largest animals , ' said Steve . The 728 monster , the work of grower Dale Oliver , was the largest pumpkin ever seen in Australasia . The record-holder had enjoyed pride of place at the Great Backyard Pumpkin Challenge in the Flower and Garden Pavilion at the Show , among 50,000 other pieces of fruit and vegetables . The pumpkins would normally be recycled as green waste after the show , but organisers were happy to see them served to some mammoth diners instead . This year grower Dale Oliver produced the largest pumpkin ever seen in Australasia . Taronga 's elephants are served a medley of different food items , particularly relishing fibrous palm logs and tough pineapple plant tops .