The first gender-neutral bathroom has opened in the White House after President Barack Obama 's executive order banning discrimination on the basis of gender identity came into effect . The all-gender restroom has opened in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building . The facility is the first of its kind at the White House and according to spokesman Jeff Tiller it 's something that fits in with the administration 's stance on LGBT issues . An all-gender restroom has opened in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building in the White House -LRB- pictured is a sign marking the entrance to a restroom at the University of Vermont -RRB- . The facility is the first of its kind at the White House and according to spokesman Jeff Tiller it 's something that fits in with the administration 's stance on LGBT issues . According to The Advocate , he said : ` The White House allows staff and guests to use restrooms consistent with their gender identity , which is in keeping with the administration 's existing legal guidance on this issue and consistent with what is required by the executive order that took effect today for federal contractors . ' His comment came after the restroom had been alluded to by senior adviser to the President Valerie Jarrett in an op-ed for the publication about protecting LGBT workers . She said : ` We have closely examined our internal policies on everything from benefits , to restroom access , to how we invite people to events , to ensure that everyone who enters this building feels safe and fully respected . ' On Wednesday President Obama 's Executive Order on LGBT Workplace Discrimination went into effect . It protects the rights of the LGBT community while in the employment of federal contractors and subcontractors . The all-gender restroom opened as Obama 's executive order on LGBT workplace discrimination came into effect . Announcing the policy last year , Obama said : ` Our government will become just a little bit fairer . ` I will sign an executive order that does two things . First , the federal government already prohibits employment discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation . Once I sign this order , the same will be explicitly true for gender identity . ` And second , we 're going to prohibit all companies that receive a contract from the federal government from discriminating against their LGBT employees . America 's federal contracts should not subsidize discrimination against the American people . ' On Thursday Obama called for an end to psychiatric therapy treatments aimed at changing the sexual orientation or gender identity of gay , lesbian and transgender youth . The move comes in response to an online petition posted on the White House website following the death of 17-year-old Leelah Alcorn . The transgender teen committed suicide in December and left behind a note saying her parents had forced her to attend so-called conversion therapy .