Screeching around the track in a car he last drove more than 50 years ago , Sir Stirling Moss appears to have lost none of his racing pedigree . And at 85 , the man widely seen as history 's greatest all-round racer has revealed the unusual daily routine he thanks for his impressive longevity -- 77 press-ups and half a bottle of Chardonnay . Sir Stirling , who won 212 races in his 14-year career , also spoke about how he has swapped the high-octane vehicles of his heyday for a tiny electric car that has a top speed of just 50mph . Reunited : Sir Stirling Moss sitting behind the wheel of the refurbished Austin-Healey Sprite . Success : The 85-year-old won 212 races during his 14-year career before a crash at Goodwood in 1962 . Back in action : Sir Stirling examines the refurbished car alongside Car SOS presenter Fuzz Townshend . Speaking to The Daily Mail , Sir Stirling said he sees fitness as a ` way of life ' which is why he is still so confident behind the wheel . However , never one for strenuous gym sessions , he puts his health down to more unusual methods . He said : ` I have half a bottle of wine a day , which fits in very nicely , and that 's it . I do what I call lady press ups and I do 77 a day . ` It 's not as difficult as it sounds because I do them from a kneeling position . I could not do 70 press ups like I could when I was 30 years old . ` I 've broken various bones during my career so I 'm not that flexible . I think staying fit is a way of life more than anything else really . ' When it comes to diet , he said he believes in indulgence and never denies himself something he wants . He said : ` I never go to bed hungry , let 's put it that way , especially as Susie is such a fantastic cook . Car SOS sees the rusty Sprite rescued from a suburban garage and carefully renovated before Sir Stirling puts it through its paces once again . Above , Sir Stirling with presenters Fuzz Townshend and Tim Shaw . Sir Stirling drove the refurbished car in 1962 - one month before the crash at Goodwood on Easter Monday that ended his career -LRB- pictured above -RRB- . He had to be cut out of his Lotus and was unconscious for six weeks . ` I allow myself whatever I want but I would have to say my indulgences are that Susie and I drink one bottle of wine each day , white certainly , Chardonnay . And chocolate . I 'm trying to cut that down but not that successfully . ' He made the revelations after a new documentary reunited the father-of-two with the Austin-Healey Sprite he used as a training car before the 1962 Sebring three-hour race . The race took place a month before the crash at Goodwood on Easter Monday that ended his career . He had to be cut out of his Lotus and was unconscious for six weeks . He returned to the cockpit a year later but decided against competing professionally as he felt he was no longer driving instinctively . The Austin-Healey Sprite was also used by the rest of his team , including Hollywood star Steve McQueen and racing legends Innes Ireland and Pedro Rodriguez . Car SOS , which broadcasts on the National Geographic Channel on Thursday , sees the rusty Sprite rescued from a suburban garage and carefully renovated before Sir Stirling puts it through its paces once again . While he found fame hurtling around corners at death-defying speeds , Sir Stirling now takes a more measured approach to the road . For the last 18 months he has been driving a Renault Twizy , an electric car with a top speed of 50mph . He said of the car , which retails for less than £ 7,000 : ` I live right in the middle of London , right by Hyde Park Corner , and the limitations on an electric car like that , you do n't notice them . ` If I lived outside the North Circular there might be times when I 'd think `` Crickey , I wonder if I 'll make it back on the charge '' but having said that , the Twizy is just the sort of car to have around London . Sir Stirling has been married to his third wife , Lady Susan Moss , 62 , since 1980 and said the secret to his matrimonial bliss is that he ` married the perfect girl ' . Above , the couple at Silverstone in July 2011 . ` It is absolutely very different to the cars I used to drive . There are certainly good reasons to have a petrol car but living where I do , in the centre of London , I ca n't think of anything better than what I have got . ' Sir Stirling , who was knighted in 2000 , said he would not want to be a professional driver today because he thinks there are too few races . He said : ` It 's quite different now though , they only do 18 races a year , I was doing 52 because I would go down to Australasia in the winter or Malaysia or South Africa and do all types of racing . ' It 's so different now that you ca n't compare the life of a driver then and now . It 's unfortunately one of those things that has moved on and I do n't think will ever be able to move back . ' He has been married to his third wife , Lady Susan Moss , 62 , since 1980 and said the secret to his matrimonial bliss is that he ` married the perfect girl ' . He added : ` If your wife is your best friend that 's the important thing to me . If every decision you think about or make or take you discuss with her first , I think that 's very important . ` But then Susie says I do what I want anyway . ' Car S.O.S. broadcasts on Thursday April 9 at 8 pm on National Geographic Channel .