It was meant to be the story of Jimmy Anderson breaking the England Test wicket-taking record and bowling England to victory in his 100th Test but eventually this became the tall tale of a new West Indian star . The perfect English script was ruined here on Friday night by the giant figure of Jason Holder who repelled everything that Anderson and co could hurl at him to make his maiden Test century at No 8 and earn his side a deserved draw . Anderson had finally taken his 384th wicket in Test cricket when West Indies captain Denesh Ramdin edged him to his great friend Alastair Cook at slip . Yet that was to be the final English success in a gripping final day of this first Test as Holder , batting with a maturity way beyond his batting position and his tender years , not only held out but went to his century in some style . What a mixture of emotions for Anderson and England , who have been left in no doubts by Colin Graves that they have to win this three-Test series against a side the new ECB chairman condemned as ` mediocre . ' They failed at the first attempt in what became close to a carbon-copy of the last Test England played in Antigua six years ago when West Indies held on for a draw with nine wickets down after England had set them a vast target . The ultimate frustration spoiled the day for the great team man Anderson , who punched the air and screamed his delight when he took his second and what turned out to be his last wicket of a gruelling day . Anderson has had ups and downs since claiming Zimbabwe 's Mark Vermeulen as his first Test victim 12 years ago at Lord 's but now he had finally overtaken Sir Ian Botham as the most prolific bowler in England 's Test history . There was a warm embrace too from his captain Cook , who has been one of Anderson 's closest friends in cricket ever since they journeyed together from an A tour in the Caribbean in 2006 to join England in India . In the stands were Anderson 's parents Michael and Catherine and his wife Daniella who , together with his young daughters Lola and Ruby , had travelled here for his 100th Test and the excited expectation of an England record . Meanwhile , up in the commentary box , Botham applauded a man who he sees as worthy successor to him as the holder of a record he has held for so long . James Anderson races away to celebrate after he claimed his record-breaking 384th wicket . Anderson is mobbed by his England team-mates after he broke Sir Ian Botham 's long-standing record . The celebrations were short lived , however , as England had to settle for a draw in the first Test . Anderson is congratulated by Botham as he leaves the field following the day 's action in Antigua . Botham has a word with Anderson following his bowling feat at the Sir Vivian Richards Stadium . Botham took 383 wickets in 102 Tests between 1977 and 1992 but has relinquished that record to Anderson . Jason Holder gets a pat on the back following his superb batting display on day five against England . Denesh Ramdin provided stubborn resistance as England chased a precious seventh wicket on Friday . After dismissing Ramdin , Anderson celebrates his 384th Test wicket to break Botham 's record . Andersons ' parents and his wife Daniella -LRB- centre -RRB- applaud from the stands following his seismic wicket . Previous holder of the record Botham applauds Anderson from the commentary box . The England team form a huddle prior to the fifth day of the first Test against West Indies on Friday . Devon Smith made a bright start on Friday sending a ball to the offside past England skipper Alastair Cook . But Smith would soon the be the first man to fall as he was caught out by James Tredwell 's delivery . Marlon Samuels was the next West Indies batsman to be dismissed at the hands of Anderson . Holder leaves the field of play following his superb performance on day five against Cook 's side . 1 . Jimmy Anderson 384 . 2 . Sir Ian Botham 383 . 3 . Bob Willis 325 . 4 . Fred Trueman 307 . 5 . Derek Underwood 297 . 6 . Stuart Broad 264 . 7 . Graeme Swann 255 . 8 . Brian Statham 252 . Yet any thoughts England had of celebrating both Anderson 's record and what would have been a priceless win were denied by a 6ft 7in 23-year-old who provides genuine hope for the future of decaying Caribbean cricket . Holder is first and foremost a fast bowler but he has already been made one-day captain by West Indies and now they can regard him , as Sir Viv Richards believes , a genuine all-rounder who can lead his maligned side forward . England had taken three of the eight wickets they needed on the final day in the morning session to take any remote chances of a historic West Indian victory out of the equation and push England towards the winning post . Anderson celebrates after equalling Sir Ian Botham 's record of 383 Test wickets . Joe Root appeals for the wicket of Shivnarine Chanderpaul after his delivery hit the batsman 's front pad . Root and his England team-mates celebrate following Chanderpaul 's lbw dismissal . James Anderson become England 's record Test wicket-taker with his 384th scalp against the West Indies , surpassing Sir Ian Botham 's mark . Here , Sportsmail looks at some of the Twitter reaction which have poured in in response . ` Great moment for Jimmy and his family ... . Congratulations you deserve it ... . Awesome !! ' - Sir Ian Botham . ` Congrats to the Dingle @jimmy9 England and Lancashire best ever !! ' - Andrew Flintoff . ` BOOOOOOOOOOOM ' - Kevin Pietersen . ` Brilliant work by @jimmy9 to surpass Sir Ian Botham as our leading Test bowler . So proud of my mate . Really happy Cooky got the catch too ' - Graeme Swann . ` A joy to watch @jimmy9 £ 384 £ Legend £ RecordHolder ' - Michael Vaughan . ` Congratulations to Jimmy A on becoming the greatest . Quite an achievement . Well done Jim from all at Lancashire ' - Ashley Giles . ` Well done @jimmy9 truly deserved , a genius ' - Darren Gough . ` Jimmy Anderson 's a very good bowler , but he ai n't no @BeefyBotham ' - Piers Morgan . ` Well done @jimmy9 what an amazing achievement . @BurnleyOfficial fans salute a fellow Claret ' - Alastair Campbell . ` James Anderson - take a bow ! Congratulations ! #well done ' - Jason Gillespie . ` Huge congrats on your well deserved record @jimmy9 ' - Phil Tufnell . ` Huge congratulations to @jimmy9 on becoming England 's leading Test wicket taker . Brilliant achievement . Next target 500 wickets please . ' - Alec Stewart . Yet after Devon Smith and Jermaine Blackwood , who became the only casualty between lunch and tea , had thrown their wickets away with two of the worst shots any side seeking a draw can ever have played in Test cricket , Holder stepped forward to save the day . First the Barbadian shared a stand of 105 with his Test captain Ramdin that ate up 32 priceless overs and then when Anderson had claimed his historic victim in Ramdin , Kemar Roach joined his giant team-mate to clinch a draw . Holder 's unbeaten 103 , sealed with two majestic straight boundaries off James Tredwell , could have ended on 66 when Billy Bowden gave him out caught down the legside even though Anderson barely appealed . Technology rightly reinstated Holder who then , agonisingly for England , could have been caught in bizarre fashion when he drove Tredwell into Gary Ballance 's boot at silly mid-off only to see the ball balloon up just out of the reach of the diving bowler . That was pretty much it for England , who could not ultimately force their way through a largely disciplined West Indies on a pitch that refused to deteriorate and with the ball refusing to swing . It is difficult to be too harsh on them . Cook 's declaration came at the right time , giving his side 130 overs to bowl West Indies out and leaving them with very little chance of victory . England 's six-man attack gave it their all but perhaps did not bowl enough yorkers when it became clear that neither pitch not conditions were providing any help for them . Instead , as they invariably do , England 's pace bowlers erred on the short side of a good length too often . Tredwell , preferred to the inconsistent leg-spinner Adil Rashid , may have taken four wickets in the first innings but he could add only one more in the second when he was most needed and is vulnerable to the returning Moeen Ali when these sides meet again in the second Test in Grenada on Tuesday . Cook will start that match under pressure having failed twice with the bat and failed to secure the victory which would have reduced the chances of his side facing an ` inquiry ' if they fail to win here , as Graves has promised . At least England can celebrate the success of Anderson , who may have become England 's leading bowler but still has to look up at 13 performers worldwide who have more wickets than him . Surely the 400th wicket will come soon but a hectic schedule of 16 more Tests over the next nine months is going to test his enduring fitness and stamina to its very limits . He needs to be wrapped up in cotton wool , told to concentrate solely on Test cricket , and treated like the gem he is . England , with two Tests to perhaps save the skins of their captain and coach , need a fit and firing Jimmy Anderson , at 32 , more than ever . Chris Jordan jumps for joy after he dismissed Jermaine Blackwood just before the new ball was introduced .