The senior Islamic State commander linked to the Anzac Day terror plot has called for new terror attacks on Australian soil in a flash new propaganda video . Authorities named Abu Khaled al-Cambodi - former Melbourne man Neil Prakash - as a key figure in their investigation into a plot where teenagers were allegedly planning to attack police on Saturday . Now al-Cambodi has starred in a 12-minute long propaganda video where , cradling a gun , he has ordered his ` beloved brothers ' to ` rise up ' and attack targets in Australia . ` You must start attacking before they attack you , ' the 23-year-old said . ` Look how much your sisters have been violated . Threatening message : Abu Khaled al-Cambodi , an Australian IS militant , has starred in a vile new propaganda video . Despite the militant 's vitriol , the most recent local headlines surrounding anti-Muslim prejudice have focused upon Sydney woman Stacey Eden , 23 , standing up for a couple being bullied on the train . ` All I hear about the news in Australia is this sister was hurt , this sister 's hijab was ripped off ... I ask you brothers , when are you going rise up and attack them ' . Despite the militant 's vitriol , the most recent local headlines surrounding anti-Muslim prejudice have focused upon Sydney woman Stacey Eden , 23 , standing up for a couple being bullied on the train . al-Cambodi is thought to have become the most senior recruiter of Australian militants for the Islamic State . Terror expert Professor Greg Barton has described him as ` Baryalei Mark II ' - a reference to former Sydney militant Mohammad Ali Baryalei . Baryalei , a former spruiker in the city 's nightclub district and a bit-part actor in the crime drama Underbelly , was killed last October . The militant was seen with a gun slung over his shoulder and clambering through rubble . Raid scenes : A man walks past a broken window from a police raid in Melbourne designed to foil the purported Anzac Day plot . ` It seems that Prakash has stepped in as the Baryalei Mark II , and that 's significant , ' Prof Barton , director at Monash University 's Global Terrorism Research Centre , told the ABC 's 730 program . ` That makes him , like Baryalei before him , the highest ranking Australian within Islamic State we 're aware of . ' Baryalei was the ringleader of a foiled plot to behead a random member of the public in Sydney . Mohammad Ali Baryalei was a senior Islamic commander - and a bit part actor in Unberbelly -LRB- above , his acting shot -RRB- - before he was killed . In the propaganda video , al-Cambodi discusses becoming a Muslim not long after hearing a unnamed preacher lecture about ` Judgment Day ' . At various points , he is filmed greeting other men in shops and on the streets of the Islamic State . At one point , he even shoots a broad smile at the camera . The video featuring al-Cambodi was advertised at the conclusion of a similar video last July , but it did not appear online until this week .