An isolated edge of vast West Texas is home to a highly secretive part of the 21st-century space race , one of two being directed in the Lone Star State by Internet billionaires whose personalities and corporate strategies seem worlds apart . The presence of Blue Origin , LLC , the brainchild of Amazon founder Jeff Bezos , barely registers in nearby Van Horn , a way station along Interstate 10 , a full decade after he began buying land in one of Texas ' largest and most remote counties . Few visitors are allowed beyond the ` No Trespassing ' sign and a remote-controlled gate and into the desert and mountain environment reminiscent of the Air Force 's renowned Area 51 in Nevada . The privileged who do get inside decline to describe what they 've seen , typically citing confidentiality agreements . Billionaires : Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos -LRB- left -RRB- and SpaceX Elon Musk -LRB- right -RRB- have seemingly unlimited resources -- Bezos ' wealth is estimated at nearly $ 35 billion , Musk 's at $ 12 billion . Mysterious : The presence of Blue Origin , LLC , the brainchild of Amazon founder Jeff Bezos , barely registers in Van Horn , Texas , a way station along Interstate 10 . Facility : A SpaceX rocket is seen in Cape Canaveral , Florida , in this February 2015 file image . SpaceX is frequently in the headlines thanks to its nearly $ 2 billion federal contract , and its attempts to reuse booster rockets have been rocky . ` No one gets in other than employees , ' says Robert Morales , editor of the weekly Van Horn Advocate newspaper . At the opposite end -- of Texas and the competition -- is the highly visible SpaceX venture , led by PayPal co-founder and electric car maker Elon Musk . His company contracts with NASA to resupply the International Space Station and is building a launch site about 600 miles from Van Horn , on the southernmost Texas Gulf coast , with the much-publicized goal of sending humans to Mars . SpaceX and Blue Origin are among several U.S. companies engaged in the private space business . Both men have seemingly unlimited resources -- Bezos ' wealth is estimated at nearly $ 35 billion , Musk 's at $ 12 billion -- and lofty aspirations : launching a new era of commercial space operations , in part by cutting costs through reusable rockets . Texas ' glory days of space exploration , when ` Right Stuff ' Mercury astronauts trained in Houston and the city 's name was the first word spoken on the moon by Neil Armstrong , are long gone . The utilitarian Space Shuttle fell to budget cuts , depletion and age , leaving astronauts to hitch rides on Russian rockets . Any success by the newcomers would offer ` significant potential for re-invigorating space research and development in the state , ' said John Junkins , director of the Center for Mechanics and Control at Texas a & m 's Department of Aerospace Engineering . Earlier this month , Bezos announced his company 's new hydrogen rocket engine , designed for suborbital missions , had completed hundreds of tests at the West Texas site , adding , ` soon we 'll put it to the ultimate test of flight . ' That could come late this year . A more powerful engine for orbital flights , fueled by liquid oxygen and liquid natural gas , is being developed with United Launch Alliance , a venture of aerospace veterans Boeing Co. and Lockheed Martin Corp. . Blue Origin officials declined requests for an interview and site visit . ` I 'm so sorry , ' spokeswoman Brooke Crawford said . ` It 's just the way it is . ' Secretive : The privileged who do get inside Blue Origin decline to describe what they 've seen , typically citing confidentiality agreements . Quiet : Blue Origin 's presence in Van Horn , Texas , is minimal . In a Sept. 22 , 2014 file photo , U.S. Rep. Filemon Vela , left , SpaceX founder and CEO Elon Musk , center , and Texas Gov. Rick Perry turn the first shovel-full of sand at the groundbreaking ceremony for the SpaceX launch pad at Boca Chica Beach , Texas . Company : A SpaceX rocket is seen here at Cape Canaveral , Florida , in April 2015 . Bezos ' love of space originated in Texas in the 1960s when his family moved to Houston , which dubbed itself ` Space City USA . ' ` For me , space is something that I have been in love with since I was 5 years old , ' Bezos , 51 , said in a September interview with The Washington Post , which he purchased in 2013 . ` I watched Neil Armstrong step onto the surface of the moon , and I guess it imprinted me . ' Over the last decade , he has bought at least seven ranches , totaling 1,900 square miles , near the Texas-New Mexico border and Guadalupe Mountains National Park . ` It 's very secretive out there , ' said Maricel Gonzalez , chief appraiser for the Culberson County Appraisal District . She declined to describe it , citing a nondisclosure agreement . A UPS driver who recently emerged from the compound also declined to talk . Nuny Morriss , a Van Horn city council member and FedEx delivery driver , said the site includes a ` big warehouse-looking building and some offices ... But they do n't let us go around in the back . ' Blue Origin 's presence in Van Horn is minimal . Morriss recalled word getting out a few years ago about a scheduled launch . Traffic at the local airstrip suggested that VIPs were coming in , and local officials were eager to join them . ` No one in town got invited , ' Morriss said . By contrast , SpaceX is frequently in the headlines thanks to its nearly $ 2 billion federal contract . Attempts to reuse booster rockets have been rocky ; it 's failed three times to land them on a platform off the Florida coast . SpaceX already has a rocket plant near Waco . With more than $ 15 million in state incentives , it 's also building a launch site at Boca Chica Beach , near Brownsville . Musk hopes for at least 12 rocket launches a year , starting late next year . ` The long-term goal is to create technology necessary to take humanity beyond Earth , ' said the 43-year-old South Africa native . David Kanipe , a former NASA division chief now teaching at Texas a & m , says Musk and Bezos were cool to his offers of assistance . ` A lot of time these companies , maybe for good reason , they do n't really want to use or benefit from the lessons learned from what NASA did for 40 years , 50 years , ' Kanipe said . ` I pleaded with them : `` Let us help , use our experience . '' But they have other ideas . ' All of the private space businesses have had setbacks , such as Richard Branson 's Virgin Galactic , which lost a spacecraft and a pilot in October over California 's Mojave Desert . ` There 's just a million ways it can go wrong , ' Kanipe said . ` I think it 's doable , but it 's just going to take a while . '