The scene looks as though there has been a disaster . In what was likened to a ` military operation ' a pair of cranes struggle to retrieve a ` casualty ' from a house , while fire engines , police , a medical team and other officials stand by . The immediate area is screened from the public gaze with tarpaulin . Roads are cordoned off . No traffic can get to nearby schools . For seven hours , there is a state of ` mayhem ' . Yet it was no sudden catastrophic incident , as some witnesses imagined . This was simply what it took to remove a 22-year-old woman who weighs 55st from her home . Scroll down for video . Obese Georgia Davis , 22 , who weighs 55 stone , had to be lifted out of her home in Aberdare , south Wales , by a crane so emergency services could take her to hospital . The seven-hour operation involved two cranes , seven police cars , two fire engines and 11 medics . Georgia Davis is an extreme manifestation of the obesity epidemic afflicting young people in Britain . She is 5ft 6in tall but exists on a 13,000-calorie-a-day binge of takeaways and junk food which has rendered her immobile . The source of her income to finance her intake is unclear . ` Britain 's fattest woman ' , as she has been described , eats to excess because she wants to and has done so since the age of five . Periodically , her bloated body can take it no more and she has to be removed to hospital for treatment . That is what happened in the village of Cwmaman , on the edge of Aberdare , on Wednesday . It is the second time in three years the emergency services have been summoned to free her from her self-inflicted prison . On the first occasion they had to demolish part of her parents ' house . Since then she has been given a specially adapted ground-floor flat with French doors opening onto the street . This was to allow easier access for the next inevitable medical emergency . And so it came to pass . Largely bedridden for the past fortnight because of water retention , Georgia developed a ` severe infection ' which required hospital treatment . But she had become too big and weak to move . Calling the ambulance meant a major logistical operation which must have cost thousands of pounds in manpower and equipment hire . he first crane proved not strong enough to lift the patient . A larger crane had to be summoned which necessitated closing half-a-mile of the main road for an hour . For other individuals , this would at worst have been a question of calling an ambulance . In Georgia 's extraordinary case it meant a major logistical operation which must have cost thousands of pounds in manpower and equipment hire . Her extraction began a little after 9 am . Three nurses from the local hospital and a paramedic arrived outside Georgia 's block of flats in a convoy of cars . They were to prepare her for the move . Soon afterwards , the medical team was joined by a fire officer , whose job it was to assess the dimensions and route of the removal . He decided the special French doors would have to be entirely removed . The first police officers and an ambulance arrived at 10 am , according to neighbours . At 11.30 am , two fire tenders pulled up followed by a mobile crane , an essential piece of equipment when lifting a 55st woman on a reinforced stretcher . At midday , three police cars arrived . They would be joined in the afternoon by another four . One resident reported : ` It 's absolute chaos , there 's 999 vehicles everywhere and dozens of emergency service workers . All the roads are shut . ' And still the operation had not begun . At 2.30 pm , the critical care medical team arrived in an SUV . By the time the first attempt to remove Georgia began an hour later , there were more than a dozen emergency vehicles outside the flats and in the car park at the back . Soon , a serious problem became apparent . The first crane proved not strong enough to lift the patient . A larger crane had to be summoned which necessitated closing half-a-mile of the main road for an hour . By the time it arrived , eyewitnesses estimated the number of specialists in attendance to be as many as 40 . You may wonder why and what else was happening elsewhere in South Wales that might have more usefully held their attention . One neighbour said : ` I thought the flats were on fire , there were so many vehicles . The road was totally blocked , it was absolute mayhem . ' Largely bedridden for the past fortnight because of water retention , Georgia -LRB- pictured left and right -RRB- developed a ` severe infection ' which required hospital treatment . But she had become too big and weak to move . Georgia blamed her initial bingeing on ` comfort eating ' following the death of her father from emphysema when she was little . Georgia was finally removed seven hours after the procedure began . She was taken in a reinforced ambulance to Royal Glamorgan hospital , where she is expected to remain for weeks . It was claimed that she had recently begun eating salads in order to lose weight . But as one neighbour , Anita Coolney , reportedly pointed out : ` Georgia may be having salads , but she is having takeaways too . I 've seen them being delivered . What 's the good of having salad for lunch if you have an 18in pizza for tea ? ' Another was reported to have said : ` I ca n't eat as much in a week as she eats in a day . It 's disgusting . ' A spokesman for Cwm Taf University Health Board said : ` We can confirm that the fire service was brought in to assist us with access to a property in order to safely transport a patient into hospital . ' South Wales Police , South Wales Fire and Rescue Service all refused to comment on the cost of the operation . Social landlord RCT homes , which owns Georgia 's flat , also refused to comment . Her mother Lesley , who has weighed as much as 31st , must also take a good deal of the blame . She had fed baby Georgia condensed milk and potatoes instead of baby food . A spokesman for the Welsh Ambulance Service said : ` We attended a joint operation with colleagues from Cwm Taf University Health Board , South Wales Fire and Rescue Service , the Emergency Medical Retrieval and Transfer Service , and South Wales Police to assist in the transportation of a patient to hospital . ` This involved nine personnel from Welsh Ambulance Service and two from EMRTS . The operation started with preparation on site at 9.15 am and our staff left the scene at 4 pm . ' Georgia first came to national attention in 2008 when , aged 15 , she had a 64in waist and weighed 33st . She also had Type 2 diabetes . She said : ` I know it 's partly my fault . But it 's so hard to stop eating . It 's like a drug . Some people choose heroin but I 've chosen food and it 's killing me . It 's as if I can hear Greggs -LSB- the bakers -RSB- calling me . ' She blamed her initial bingeing on ` comfort eating ' following the death of her father from emphysema when she was little . At seven she weighed 11st . As a teenager her daily intake included multi-packs of crisps , litre bottles of fizzy drinks , chips and sausages . She was banned from her school canteen for over-eating . She had stopped attending PE lessons long before . At home , she watched television , surfed the internet and , of course , ate . And ate . Her mother Lesley , who has weighed as much as 31st , must also take a good deal of the blame . She had fed baby Georgia condensed milk and potatoes instead of baby food . Georgia was sent to a ` fat camp ' in the U.S. after doctors warned she would die if she did n't lose 20st . In nine months there she lost 14st 6 lb as she took regular exercise and existed on 1,500 calories a day . But she was welcomed home with fish and chips and within 20 months was back up to 40st . Crisis point was reached in 2012 , by which time the 19-year-old was eating seven kebabs in one sitting and had reached a weight of 63st . It is the second time in three years the emergency services have been summoned to free her from her self-inflicted prison . She also had to be rescued from her home in 2012 in a similar operation . During that incident , a 40-strong team of emergency service personnel and engineers laboured for eight hours to remove her from her bedroom at the housing association home she shared with her mother and stepfather . A 40-strong team of emergency service personnel and engineers laboured for eight hours to remove her from her bedroom at the housing association home she shared with her mother and stepfather . Georgia had collapsed with breathing problems and chest pains . The rescuers had to demolish the top half of the semi and build a scaffold in order to support a ramp to the pavement . Roof supports had to be inserted and she was lifted onto a special stretcher using a crane . Again a reinforced ambulance took her to hospital . The operation , including repairs , was costed at £ 100,000 . Such scenes will be repeated if more is not done to tackle obesity , say campaigners . One in three children in the UK is overweight , while one in five is obese . Teenage girls form the majority of the one million or so obese under-18s . National Obesity Forum spokesman Tam Fry said : ` It is a military operation . It will be an equivalent cost , which the NHS has to pay . ` There will be many more Georgia Davises who we do n't know about because they are stuck in their houses and can not get out without being winched out . ` The NHS has to introduce screening for children and adults and if we do n't do that we are going to find more of this in the future . ' Additional reporting by BEN WILKINSON .