They say that beauty is in the eye of the beholder , but for these mothers and their daughters it is clearly in the genes . In the 90s , the first breed of supermodel took over the fashion industry , commanding sky high fees for the hugely popular advertising campaigns that they put their faces to . Stars including Cindy Crawford , Yasmin Le Bon and Christie Brinkley became household names across the world and they still have A-List status 20 years later . Scroll down for video . Models like Cindy Crawford -LRB- left -RRB- were huge stars in 80s and 90s and now their daughters like Caia Gerber -LRB- right -RRB- are making their own names in the fashion world . Now though , it 's time for their daughters to take the reigns . Many of the models of the moment have come from supermodel stock - the likes of Georgia Jagger , Amber Le Bon and Ella Richards have all walked for big name designers like Tommy Hilfiger and Chanel . The next generation are also getting in on the act - Cindy Crawford 's daughter Kaia Gerber made her modelling debut for Young Versace aged just ten , and Christie Brinkley 's daughter Sailor Cook has modelled for Lord & Taylor department store and appeared in Vogue . To find out which daughters are following in their supermodel mothers ' footsteps , read on ... Jerry Hall modelling at a fashion show in 1979 -LRB- left -RRB- and her daughter Lizzy Jagger walks the catwalk during a London Westfield event for Vogue 's Fashion Night Out in September 2012 . Jerry models at a fashion show in 1981 -LRB- left -RRB- and her daughter Georgia May Jagger at the Fashion For Relief Show , Autumn / Winter 2015 , London Fashion Week last month . Patti Hansen -LRB- left in 1980 -RRB- modelled for Revlon and Calvin Klein in her youth , her daughter Theodora Richards -LRB- right -RRB- has modelled for several high end designers including Tommy Hilfiger . Patti Hansen on the catwalk in the early 90 's -LRB- left -RRB- and her daughter Alexandra Richards -LRB- right -RRB- , who has modelled for Vogue , Glamour , Vanity Fair and ID magazine . Lucie De La Falaise -LRB- left -RRB- was a well-known model who appeared several times in Vogue and was the fashion designer Yves Saint Laurent 's muse , her daughter Ella Richards -LRB- right -RRB- walks the runway at Tommy Hilfiger Women 's fashion show in New York last September . Supermodel Christie Brinkley in 1983 -LRB- left -RRB- and her daughter Sailor Brinkley Cook -LRB- right -RRB- who has modelled for Lord & Taylor department store and appeared in Vogue . Yasmin Le Bon -LRB- left -RRB- models For Ronit Zilkha in February , 2001 , and her daughter Amber -LRB- right -RRB- , who is the face of the fashion store Forever 21 . Nastassja Kinski was a Hollywood actress who started out as a model in Germany -LRB- left -RRB- and her daughter Kenya Kinski Jones is already following in her footsteps after starring in a short for Chanel 's Karl Lagerfeld .