A students ' union has been accused of racism and sexism after banning white people and men from an event to promote equality . Those studying at Goldsmiths , University of London , were invited to the students ' union meeting to discuss ` diversifying the curriculum ' . But they were shocked when an organiser told white people and men ` not to come ' as it was only open to BME -LSB- black and minority ethnic -RSB- women . Bahar Mustafa , student union Welfare and Diversity Officer at Goldsmiths University in London , sparked anger when she banned men and white people from a ` diversity ' meeting . The union eventually backed down after a backlash from students , one of whom described the exclusive policy as ` patronising beyond belief ' . The event , held on Wednesday , was organised by welfare and diversity officer Bahar Mustafa , who said she hoped to persuade academics to broaden courses to include more material relating to minority groups . She wrote on Facebook : ` Invite loads of BME Women and non-binary people !! Also , if you 've been invited and you 're a man and/or white PLEASE DO N'T COME just cos i invited a bunch of people and hope you will be responsible enough to respect this is a BME Women and non-binary event only . ' Non-binary is a term used to describe people who do not consider themselves exclusively male or female . Miss Mustafa , 27 , added : ` Do n't worry lads we will give you and allies things to do ' , followed by a wink . The event 's online page said it was open to ` self-defining BLACK and ETHNIC MINORITY women and non-binary people with gender identities that include `` woman '' . ' The ban on men and white students is surprising , since the organisers claim to promote ` zero tolerance ' for ` all forms of prejudice , discrimination and oppression ' . A senior union member told student newspaper The Tab that Miss Mustafa 's actions had made it ` very difficult ' for male students . He said many white men felt they ` could not say anything for fear of retribution ' , adding : ` For Bahar to have the nerve to write this is patronising beyond belief . The irony that she thinks that they are diversifying the student community in the name of feminism and multiculturalism is laughable . ' The event sparked a fierce backlash on social media , with one user writing : ` Is n't this racism -- and why was n't she prosecuted ? ' Another said : ` Hypocrisy of the left ... When will people see it . ' Organisers later appeared to back down on the rules , with the statement ` Allies now welcome ! ' added to the meeting 's Facebook page . Miss Mustafa recently graduated from Goldsmiths with an MA in gender and media studies . She is understood to live with her mother Nursen , 55 , father Ismail , 57 , and sister Ipek , 23 , in Enfield in a £ 450,000 three-bedroom terrace . Ms Mustafa appeared to ban men and white people from attending the meeting in this Facebook post . A notice about the meeting later appeared to show the ban had been dropped , stating : ` Allies now welcome ! ' A spokesman for Goldsmiths said the university had no part in the decisions of the union , adding : ` We are proud of our diverse community and do not tolerate any form of oppression , including racism , sexism or any other form of bigotry . ` We have written to the students ' union to express our concern . ' The union said : ` Goldsmiths Students ' Union places huge importance on equality and diversity . ` It is in this vein that we host spaces where specific minority groups who experience similar discrimination can talk together confidently about overcoming the structural disadvantages and prejudice they face . ` The accusation that we discriminate is one we refute wholeheartedly . ' The Daily Mail tried to contact Miss Mustafa but she was not available to explain the comments apparently posted from her Facebook account . Goldsmiths has insisted the Student Union is a separate organisation over which it has no control .