A couple have been spared prison for felony child neglect after admitting to locking their three young children in a room with urine and feces for 24 hours a day - and feeding them through a gate . Scott Suggs , 28 , and Brandy Kangas , 36 , were arrested after police received an anonymous tip regarding the welfare of their children , a 17-month-old boy and two girls , aged three and four . When police arrived at their home in Fredericksburg , Virginia , last December , they discovered the youngsters locked in a ` sparsely furnished ' room , where they had seemingly ` remained at all times ' . The room was stained with human urine and feces and had a homemade ` gate ' , which the children appeared to have been fed their meals through . Authorities immediately removed the youngsters . Guilty : Scott Suggs -LRB- left -RRB- , 28 , and Brandy Kangas -LRB- right -RRB- , 36 , have been sentenced for child neglect after admitting to locking their three children in a room with urine and feces - and feeding them through a gate . Horrific : The couple were arrested after police received an anonymous tip about their 17-month-old son and two small daughters . Above , the messy room -LRB- right -RRB- and the gate through which the children were fed -LRB- left -RRB- . On Monday , Suggs and Kangas pleaded guilty to three counts of felony child neglect in relation to their children , who consequently lack social skills and are fearful of closed doors , according to NBC . However , the parents have now escaped jail after being handed six-year suspended sentences , 10 years of ` good behavior ' and indefinite supervised probation by a judge at Spotsylvania circuit court . They are also not allowed unsupervised contact with the trio . Spotsylvania County Sheriff Roger Harris said on Friday : ` This was an abhorrent situation that the children were living in and it breaks my heart to see this kind of treatment of small children . ` Saving these kids from this type of neglect is why all of us are involved in public service . ' Following the anonymous tip last December 16 , police arrived at the Fleming Street home and removed the children from the locked room using a ` key that was located in the residence ' . Children The baby boy -LRB- second right -RRB- and one of the two girls -LRB- front -RRB- , who are aged three and four , are believed to be pictured with their two older sisters , who have not been mentioned in the shocking child neglect case . Scene : The room in Fleming Street -LRB- pictured -RRB- in Fredericksburg , Virginia , was stained with urine and feces . ` The room was in disarray and had stains to include urine and feces . The children were fed through an opening in the gate , ' Captain Jeff Pearce , of the sheriff 's office , told frederciksburg.com . In the immediate aftermath of the discovery , members of the sheriff 's office reportedly offered to provide bedding and clothing for the children , who are not being identified for legal reasons . The youngsters were later placed with a foster care family , where they are said to be thriving . According to their Facebook pages , Kangas , who works at a Holiday Inn Express , and Suggs have several older children . It is unknown whether these children have also been placed into care . Neglectful : On Tuesday , Suggs -LRB- pictured , right , in a Facebook photo -RRB- and Kangas -LRB- left -RRB- pleaded guilty to three counts of felony child neglect in relation to their children , who were fed their meals through a homemade ` gate ' Suspended sentences : Suggs and Kangas -LRB- pictured in a 2009 Facebook photo with two of their older children -RRB- have both been handed six-year suspended sentences , 10 years of ` good behavior ' and supervised probation .