An amateur cyclist is planning to ride the entire Tour de France - considered the most gruelling race in professional cycling - on a Raleigh Chopper . Dave Sim has put in months of training aboard his bright yellow Mark Three Chopper in preparation to ride all 2077 miles of the 2015 Tour de France route this summer . The 36-year-old personal trainer from Southport , Merseyside , is hoping his stunt will inspire people to get out and ride themselves . Scroll down for video . Dave Sim , 36 , rides his Raleigh Chopper on the L'Etape du Tour last year . He now hopes to cycle the entire Tour de France . The tour involves many hill climbs which are grueling even for professionals using high-performance road bikes . Mr Sim and two others , who are using proper road bikes , attempt a hill climb in France last year . Mr Sim said his Chopper is as close to standard as possible , but required a better seat and tweaked brakes . Mr Sim said his Chopper - the 2004 revival of the iconic 1970 's children 's bike - is as close to standard as possible . He said : ` I 've tried to make as few changes as possible so it 's got the original tyres . ` The main thing I 've changed is the seat post and the pedal arms as it was originally designed for kids . ` And the wheels - on the first part of the race through Northern France , there are a lot of sections of really terrible cobbles , so a guy made me some really strong wheels as I kept breaking spokes . ` I 've also had to put slightly better brakes on as well . ` Up the biggest climbs it gets a bit grim , it was just two degrees at the top of one , the Col de Tourmalet - it took me forever to get down , I was almost hypothermic at the bottom . ' While it 's by far the longest ride he 's attempted , Mr Sim has completed long rides on the Chopper before . Mr Sim attempted the L'Etape du Tour on the Raleigh Chopper last year and finished in the top 20 per cent . Mr Sim hopes his audacious attempt to ride the Tour de France will inspire others to take up cycling . Pictured left , Mr Sim stands with others riding the L'Etape du Tour . Right , he is pictured with his Chopper in the Lake District . He said : ` I did the L'Etape du Tour last year it 's a mass start event where thousands do a stage of the Tour de France on closed roads . ` Lots of people did n't think I could do it , but I thought , why not have a go ? ` I did really well , got a really good time , I was in the top 20 per cent , so the next morning , I thought about doing the full tour . ` I thought , if I could do one day , is it possible to do the whole tour ? ` After the Etape I should n't have wanted to even see a Chopper again , but it was a bit of a Eureka moment , that 's where it came from . ` I come from a cycling family , my mum and dad would take me to see the Tour , riding up mountains is in my blood . ` It 's always been a bit of a dream to ride the Tour de France , I wo n't do it again , my dad said he never would have thought I 'd do it on a chopper ! ' He said : ` Part of the motivation was to show people you do n't need a £ 10,000 bike to do amazing things on - my bike cost me £ 100 , and I 'm doing the Tour on it . With a bike , it 's mostly to do with the engine . ` In the last five years the cost of road cycling has sky rocketed but you do n't need all that , you just need to get out and ride . ` The other side of the challenge is to raise as much money for Help for Heroes as possible . ' Mr Sim also hopes his stunt will raise as much money as possible for charity Help for Heroes .