Former Real Madrid ace Kaka and Canadian international Cyle Larin proved the difference as Orlando City earned all three points against Portland Timbers at a sold-out Providence Park . Canadian international Larin reacted quickest to chest home the delivery of Kevin Molino in the first-half before Kaka sealed the win with a penalty in the closing stages of the match . Darlington Nagbe proved the Timbers biggest threat , but Aurelien Collin and co stood strong in defence to earn Orlando their second away win of the season . Former Real Madrid ace Kaka runs at the Portland Timbers defence at Providence Park in Oregon . Like so often in the early stages of this season , all eyes were on former Real Madrid ace Kaka as traveling Orlando looked to continue their unbeaten away run . Creating chances for fun has been the Brazilians job since arriving in America , but it was English representative Ridgewell who had the biggest influence of the first-half . Ridgewell , who enjoyed spells with Birmingham City and West Bromwich Albion , failed to deal with a clearance as Orlando threatened the Timbers defence . His week header fell kindly to Molino who flashed the ball across goal before the ball struck Larin and evaded goalkeeper Adam Kwarasey . On first glance the goal seemed fortunate , but video replays showed Larin turn and chest the ball into the goal smartly to give Orlando the lead . Kaka 's second-half penatly helped Orlando City win their second away game of the season . Nagbe tried and failed to rally the lacklustre Timbers in the second-half , but his teammates struggled to get on the same wavelength as the Liberian attacker . The hosts were lucky to end the game with all 11-men when goalkeeper Kwarasey took down substitute Carlos Rivas in the closing stages . Kwarasey avoided dismissal but was unable to stop Kaka from doubling Orlando 's lead from the spot to send Adrian Heath 's side third in the table . Major League Soccer star Darlington Nagbe goes close with an effort against Orlando City at Providence Park .