Hibs boss Alan Stubbs is among the front-runners for the manager 's job at Wigan Athletic after Malky Mackay was sensationally sacked on Monday . Stubbs is currently embroiled in a tough promotion battle with the Easter Road side , but is believed to be among Wigan 's top targets as they battle to avoid relegation from the Championship -- they are currently second bottom . Stubbs ' No2 , John Doolan , formed part of Uwe Rosler 's backroom staff at the DW Stadium before the German was sacked in November . Hibs boss Alan Stubbs has emerged as a candidate to succeed Malky Mackay after he was sacked by Wigan . Malky Mackay was sensationally sacked by Wigan Athletic following a dismal run of results since November . Doolan joined Stubbs in Edinburgh in July last year and both men -- who also worked together at Everton 's youth academy -- are highly regarded by new Wigan chairman David Sharpe . Former Celtic defender Stubbs who is on a two-year contract in Leith , has steered Hibs into the play-off positions in Scotland 's second tier , albeit they have stumbled of late after three successive defeats . However , he would face an altogether different challenge with Wigan . They are eight points from safety after the 2-0 home defeat by Derby spelled the end for Mackay , and must win their next two games against Fulham and Millwall to stand any chance of survival . Former Scotland defender Gary Caldwell is expected to be handed the job on a temporary basis , while ex-Wigan player Danny Wilson is also under consideration . Former Wigan defender Gary Caldwell looks set to be handed the manager 's role on a temporary basis . Meanwhile , Mackay 's bid to rescue his managerial career was left in tatters after his dismissal . The 43-year-old was told of the decision during a brief meeting with Sharpe after losing to Derby . Mackay was handed the job by former owner Dave Whelan back in November against a backdrop of an FA investigation into a shocking series of text messages , exposed by Sportsmail . Cardiff City manager at the time , Mackay is accused of sending racist , sexist and homophobic messages in an exchange with former head of recruitment Iain Moody . The Scot remains under investigation by the FA and Monday 's developments will not alter the speed with which his case is dealt . Sharpe , just a month into his new role as chairman , looked forlorn after Monday 's game and made a snap decision to axe the Scot . Mackay won only five of his 25 fixtures in charge and picked up just three home points -- damning statistics referenced in the club 's official statement . Sharpe said : ` This is a very difficult decision to make but I feel that , for the long-term future of the club , there must be a change now . ' Sportsmail understands Mackay was close to suffering the sack in February but victory at Reading granted him a stay of execution . Wigan were content with keeping him until at least the end of the season and kept faith with the divisive figure . Sources at the DW Stadium also indicated that Mackay was ready to build a similar recruitment structure to that at Cardiff and had been sanctioned to do so . He remained defiant they could stay in the division immediately after losing against Derby . ` It 's still mathematically possible , ' he said . ` It 's fine lines between winning and losing in this league . ' Wigan chairman David Sharpe has said that it was a ` very difficult ' decision to sack Mackay on Monday .