The leaked Sony emails are now claiming more victims just days after Wikileaks published thousands of the documents and made them easier to search . This time it is Bruce Jenner , whose alleged gender transition is mocked by the generally soft-spoken and affable Cameron Crowe . This in an email conversation the director was having with former studio head Amy Pascal . Scroll down for video . In a leaked Sony email Cameron Crowe -LRB- above -RRB- mocks Bruce Jenner 's gender transition . He makes a joking reference to Jenner 's -LRB- above -RRB- transition while speaking with Amy Pascal -LRB- right -RRB- . While discussing his upcoming film Aloha , which stars an all-star cast that includes Bradley Cooper , Emma Stone , Rachel McAdams , and Alec Baldwin , Pascal asked Crowe if he had anything to show her from the movie in October 2014 . Crowe 's response to this was ; ` DOES BRUCE JENNER WANT BOOBS ? HELL YES I HAVE SOMETHING TO SHOW YOU !!!! -LRB- looking at tuesday -RRB- . ' It was revealed in previous leaked emails that Pascal is now fan of Crowe 's upcoming film , writing in one email ; ` I 'm never starting a movie again when the script is ridiculous . I do n't care how much I love the director and the actors . It never , not even once , ever works . ' She also said of the movie ; ` People do n't like people in movies who flirt with married people or married people who flirt . ' Crowe has yet to respond to this leaked email . This while the two are discussing Crowe 's upcoming film Aloha -LRB- above -RRB- , which stars Emma Stone and Bradley Cooper . Jenner meanwhile is set to discuss his transition in an upcoming inter with Diane Sawyer . This as it was revealed reported that only Khloe Kardashian initially supported him through his decision . ` Besides Khloé , the Kardashians were not on board with his transition , ' a source told US Weekly . ` His boys , Brody and Brandon stuck by him , but Bruce feels like Kris and her girls only support him publicly to make themselves look good . '