A daredevil risked life and limb for the opportunity to be named World 's Most Talented by jumping over a sports car that travelled towards him at 60mph . Alassan Gobitaca , known as Al the Jumper , is a Swedish Guinness World Record holder who has jumped over everything from a Lamborghini travelling at a speed of 80mph to a pair of moving motorbikes . In the clip , which features on interactive TV show World 's Most Talented , Gobitaca is recorded by co-host Laura Jackson successfully completing the jump . Alassan Gobitaca , known as Al the Jumper , is a Swedish Guinness World Record holder . His stunt driver , Hassan explains his thought process when approaching the stunt and states that he considers both the speed and position of his car . He then lines up before the daredevil and accelerates hard in the Opel Speedster so as to get to the desired speed before reaching Gobitaca . As Hassan approaches , people in the crowd wince but Gobitaca actually makes a move towards the speeding sports car . The people in the crowd grimace as the car approaches the daredevil but incredibly he runs towards it . Up and over ! The daredevil leaps into the air and jumps over the car travelling at him at 60mph . He then effortlessly and rather athletically leaps into the air and the car zooms past safely underneath him . An instant slow motion reply shows the height Gobitaca reaches and just how close the car comes to ploughing into him . The video concludes with the daredevil doing a little dance in celebration and the people in the crowd clapping and cheering . The daredevil effortlessly and athletically leaps into the air and the car zooms past safely underneath him . The daredevil lands and does a little dance in celebration before the presenter runs over to congratulate him . Hassan is then featured in his car making a hand gesture while coming to a stop -- a look of relief is etched on his face . Finally the impressed presenter finishes recording the stunt from a tablet and runs over to greet and congratulate the daredevil .