Tragedy : Carwyn Scott-Howell fell to his death while on holiday with his mother Ceri Scott-Howell , nine-year-old sister Antonia and brother Gerwyn , 19 , in the Alps . The family of a seven-year-old skier killed in the French Alps have paid tribute to their ` daring , outgoing , determined little boy ' and revealed he got lost in woods before sliding towards a 164ft cliff . It is thought Carwyn Scott-Howell may have entered the dense woodland because he thought it was a shortcut to his hotel in the ski resort of Flaine . He was on holiday with his mother Ceri Scott-Howell , nine-year-old sister Antonia and brother Gerwyn , 19 . Carwyn 's parents , ex-nurse Mrs Scott-Howell and husband Rhys , a former butcher , rent out self-catering cottages and run a farm . They bought the farm to live out their dream of growing their own food and living ` the good life ' . Carwyn would help feed cows and pigs on the farm which has won prizes for its speciality sausages and has sold scotch eggs to Prime Minister David Cameron . His family last night said his death had left them feeling ` utter devastation ' with a ` vast void in our hearts ' , adding that he was ` a very competent skier ' who had started aged three . A statement released through the Foreign Office said : ` He was a very daring outgoing determined little boy whose handsome smile lit up any room and made life full of laughter with never a dull moment . Seven years is too short a time to be an angel in the sky ' . Last night , the family , from Talybont-on-Usk , near Brecon , Wales , remained in the Alpine resort of Flaine -- a 38-mile drive from Chamonix -- in free accommodation provided by the hotel . They are expected to leave today . Police sources said the boy 's body may be expatriated today after final post-mortem examinations yesterday . The family were enjoying the last run of their trip in perfect conditions in the town of Flaine when Antonia fell over and her mother stopped to help her . Within moments Carwyn , who friends say modelled himself on survival specialist and TV presenter Bear Grylls , is believed to have taken the chance to go skiing in nearby woodland . Trbute : Carwyn Scott-Howell 's family called the ` caring ' boy ` daring and determined ' after he was killed after falling from a cliff while on an Easter skiing trip to the French resort of Flaine . He skied 100 yards off-piste , where trees were just a yard apart . Unable to weave through , he took his skis off and is thought to have started sliding on his bottom or running . Last night , there were reports Carwyn could have been trying to get to his hotel , Les Terrasses d'Eos , which can be seen from the ski slope . He continued 400 yards , until he plunged off the side of the mountain and fell 164ft . It is believed he landed on a rocky ledge . In a statement released to the Foreign Office , his family described Carwyn as a ` daring , outgoing , determined little boy ' and a ` very competent skier and snowboarder ' . They said they were enjoying their last ski run together when Carwyn 's sister ` lost her ski on a jump and at this point Carwyn skied ahead ' . ` He was a very daring outgoing determined little boy whose handsome smile lit up any room and made life full of laughter with never a dull moment . Seven years is too short a time to be an angel in the sky . ` Carwyn was a very competent skier and snowboarder who had started skiing at the age of three and spent several weeks each year skiing . We had spent the most happy ski holiday together in the French ski resort of Flaine . ' The statement went on to explain how the family became separated on their last run of the day on Friday afternoon . ` The family were all enjoying their last ski run over the small jumps and bumps at the side of the slope together , when Carwyn 's sister lost her ski on a jump and at this point Carwyn skied ahead , ' it said . ` The family can not explain their feeling of utter devastation with a vast void in their hearts . The family would like to thank all their friends and family for their support at this time and the vast help from the British Consulate . ` The family now ask for time to grieve in private . ' Scene : Carwyn 's family are believed to be staying in this hotel , close to the slopes where the seven-year-old died . Family : The youngster lived on a farm near Brecon , which is well known for its produce . Here Prime Minister David Cameron buys scotch eggs from Carwyn 's father Rhys at the Royal Welsh Show last year . After a search spanning two hours , a rescue helicopter spotted Carwyn 's body . As the vehicle was unable to land , crews were winched down to reach the boy , who was declared dead at the scene after 7 pm . Michel Ollagnon , police commander from nearby Bonneville , said Carwyn was found wearing his glasses , dispelling reports he went into the woods because he did not have them on . Despite initial reports that Carwyn 's mother had let him try the last run of the day alone , Mr Ollagnon said : ` In fact ... he went up with his mother , sister and brother . ` The sister fell , the mother stopped and the little boy went off ... Why he went in that direction , we do not know ... One thing is sure , the skis were found quite a way from the cliffside . ' Pierre-Yves Michau , the judge heading the investigation into Carwyn 's death , said the inquiry was still trying to verify all the circumstances surrounding the incident . He said : ` The mother last saw her son at about 4 pm . She returned to where they were staying because she thought he had returned on his own to the resort . But he was n't there so she returned to the mountain . Accident : The Welsh schoolboy is believed to have got lost in the woods pictured here , before falling to his death from the cliffs below . Carwyn , who friends say modelled himself on survival specialist and TV presenter Bear Grylls , is believed to have taken the chance to go skiing in woodland to get back to Flaine , pictured . ` She asked everyone if they had seen him . It was about 6 pm when she spoke to the pisteurs because she thought he had returned on his own . ' He added : ` He had left the piste and then was in the forest and he took his skis off because perhaps the snow was not very good . ` He descended . He continued on foot . Between the piste and where he fell it would have been about 15 minutes . ` There are footprints in the snow after the point where the skis had been left for several tens of metres . ' Family friends in Brecon yesterday paid tribute to the boy . One said : ` Carwyn loved exploring . That 's what he spent all his time doing . ` He was a little adventurer . He was quite fearless really . He 'd always be out in nature . ' Another friend added : ` He idolised Bear Grylls and loved spending his time in the woods ... He 'd grown up in the mountains and -LSB- was -RSB- used to those kind of conditions , which makes this awful accident all the more tragic . ' Holiday : Carwyn 's family has said ` the most happy ski holiday ' in Flaine , France , turned to tragedy after Carwyn became detached from the group on the last run of the day . A worker at Flaine hire shop Ski Set , who gave her name as Charlotte , said : ` The slope is about 40 metres -LSB- 131ft -RSB- wide . ` You would have to really try to come off the piste ... The trees are about 1.5 to two metres -LSB- 6ft 6in -RSB- high . He must have had to push through ... It seems he could see the hotel from where he was standing and tried to get there on foot . ' The family were well known at food fairs and farmers markets and Carwyn would often help out on their stall . The Prime Minister briefly met Carwyn 's father Rhys at the Royal Welsh Show last year when he bought Scotch eggs . A spokesman Mr Cameron said : ` This was an incredibly tragic accident and the Prime Minister 's thoughts are with Carwyn 's family . ' Local farmer Peter Davies said : ` They were a great family not to mention great farmers who made really good sausages . It 's just so sad to think what they must be going through right now . The whole farming fraternity is praying for them . ' Children and teachers at the school Carwyn attended faced a difficult first day back after the Easter break . Officials at Ysgol Y Bannau in Brecon said a tribute was paid to Carwyn at a special assembly . Headteacher Emyr Jones said ; ` The school mourns the loss of one of its pupils , Carwyn Scott-Howell - a lively and likeable pupil who will be greatly missed . ` We at Ysgol y Bannau , as an extended community , the staff , pupils , parents and governors , extend our deepest sympathy to the family ; our thoughts and prayers are with them . ' A book of condolence has also been opened at Brecon Cathedral , where a picture of of Carwyn in a karate suit was placed next to candles lit in his memory .