Ed Balls this morning repeatedly refused to match the Tories ' election pledge to increase NHS spending by £ 8billion a year . The shadow chancellor said he would not make ` unfunded and uncosted commitments ' after promising to cut the deficit every year . It comes after David Cameron pledged to give the NHS whatever it needed - but refused to say how he will find the money . Scroll down for video . Ed Balls this morning repeatedly refused to match the Tories ' election pledge to increase NHS spending by £ 8billion a year . Speaking on the BBC this morning , ahead of Labour 's manifesto launch in Manchester , Mr Balls insisted the party could be trusted to give the health service what it needed . But asked if he would give the NHS the £ 8billion a year budget boost demanded by its chief executive Simon Stevens , Mr Balls said : ` I wo n't promise £ 8billion of spending . ' He said : ` We 're not going to make unfunded and uncosted commitments . The Tories said at the weekend they 'll find the £ 8billion . ` George Osborne was asked 18 times by Andrew Marr where money is coming from and he could n't answer the question . That is what corrodes trust in politics . ' Mr Balls added : ` I 'll save the NHS but I 'm not going to make promises until we can show where the money will come from -- that 's the irresponsible approach . It 's actually become the George Osborne approach . ` We 'll cut the deficit every year and the only promises we can make are promises where we can show where the money is going to come from . ` And clearly we need to make the economy stronger ; we need the revenues to come in . I want , consistent with getting the deficit down , to do more for the NHS . ` But if I roll up and say ' £ 8billion , I 'm not going to tell you where the money is going to come from , ' that would be irresponsible and that is what the Tories did this weekend . ' David Cameron has pledged to increase spending by £ 8billion a year by 2020 - which Labour has refused to match . Pressed if Labour would deny the NHS the cash it needs , Mr Balls said : ` I said last year that we will do what it takes . ' Mr Balls ' remarks come as the Labour leader Ed Miiband prepares to unveil the party 's manifesto in Manchester this morning . Mr Miliband will say he wants to be Prime Minister to build a ` fairer , more equal , more just country ... that works for working people once again ' . The manifesto will outline everything which a Labour government would do , from schools and hospitals , to crime , pensions , benefits and the environment . It includes a promise to cap energy prices , cut class sizes , offer more free childcare , increase the minimum wage , ban most zero-hours contracts , build more homes and find an extra £ 2.5 billion for the NHS . It will rule out a rise in VAT , National Insurance or the basic rate of income tax . But it will also promise to cut spending of every government department apart from health and education , scrapping winter fuel payments for wealthy pensioners , capping rises in child benefit , a mansion tax on £ 2million homes , a levy on tobacco firms and an increase the top rate of tax to 50p . Explaining the party 's commitments this morning , Mr Balls said : ` By the end of parliament we want to get the budget back into surplus or earlier if we can . '