It has a reputation for being one of the sexiest brand 's in the world and has helped launched the careers of Miranda Kerr , Rosie Huntington-Whiteley and Alessandra Ambrosio . So , when a woman is granted Victoria 's Secret Angel wings , she 's deemed something special and the future begins to look pretty bright . The lingerie giant this week added ten new Angels to its coveted roster and one lucky Brit made the cut . So who is Stella Maxwell and how did she make the transition from diplomat 's daughter to one of the world 's sexiest women ? Scroll down for video . Stella Maxwell , who is Irish but now splits her time between Los Angeles and New York , was this week unveiled as one of ten new Victoria 's Secret Angels . Stella , 24 , was born to Northern Irish parents Stella Maynes and Maurice Maxwell , who worked as a diplomat . She was born in Belgium and was raised there until she was 13 . In one of her many moves , her family relocated to Canberra , Australia , then Wellington , New Zealand thanks to her father 's job . The 5ft 9in beauty was discovered at Otago University and started her modelling career . She has since gone on to land coveted campaigns for the likes of ASOS , Alexander McQueen , h & m , River Island and Urban Outfitters , as well as Vogue and ELLE editorials . Stella was born to Irish parents Stella Maynes and Maurice Maxwell , who worked as a diplomat , and has lived all over the world thanks to her father 's job . Stella , left , on the pink carpet of the 2014 Victoria 's Secret Fashion Show in December 2014 in London and , right , on the VS runway in the world famous show . Stella was born in Belgium and was raised there until she was 13 before she moved around the world . Speaking to V magazine about her career to date , she said : ` The VS show was such a big show for me and my career . It was really cool to be involved . It 's kind of wild to check out the scene . Walking Marc Jacobs was pretty cool , too . And I always love walking for Jeremy Scott . ' The young model , who now splits her time between New York and Los Angeles , loves racket sports , hiking and travel . When she is n't keeping fit or modelling , she spends her time hanging out with best friend Barbara Palvin -LRB- who was rumoured to be dating One Direction 's Niall Horan -RRB- , and global megastar , Miley Cyrus . Stella and Miley Cyrus , left , travelled to Las Vegas together last month - and Stella documented the trip , which included private planes and pool parties , on her Instagram account . Stella Maxwell walks the runway at the Jeremy Scott fashion show , left , and poses in a shoot for Victoria 's Secret behind the scenes , right . Stella , pictured backstage at the Concept Korea Spring 2011 show , loves racket sports , hiking and travel . The pals travelled to Las Vegas together last month - and Stella documented the trip , which included private planes and pool parties , on her Instagram account . Speaking to V Magazine about the friendship , Stella said : ` We met through mutual friends via Instagram . It 's been a trip to hang out and see a little of their world . Felt very organic and right . ' Despite her high-profile friendships , the Irish Independent reports that Stella 's favourite things are the ` simple ' ones in life , such as roadtrips with friends , vintage clothing and playing scrabble on her iPhone . The young model , who has over 500k followers on Instagram , told Vogue : ` Victoria 's Secret - they are a privilege to work for ; they appreciate your beauty . I think they are one of the few companies that celebrate the girl for being the girl , they really use you as a brand and show you off . ` Your personality counts for a lot and how you are to work with . Once you get to know them , it gets really comfortable - after all , at the end of the day , you are in your underwear . ' The well-connected star is good friends with Blurred Lines model and Gone Girl actress Emily Ratajkowski . The young model told Vogue : ` Victoria 's Secret - they are a privilege to work for ; they appreciate your beauty . I think they are one of the few companies that celebrate the girl for being the girl '