Driving around in their mother 's consular BMW in Miami to shoot up homes and steal hordes of marijuana : this was the indulgent life of two wealthy teenage sons of a Canadian diplomat . But the antics of 15-year-old Marc and 17-year-old Jean Wabafiyebazu were brought to a sudden halt on March 30 when a drugs raid went wrong and the older brother was shot dead . Marc is waiting to discover if he will be charged with his murder . Now , as the details of that night unfold , investigators are learning more about the gangster lifestyle they led - despite attending top private schools bankrolled by their mother Roxanne Dube , Canada 's Consul General in Miami . Indulgent life : Jean Wabafiyebazu , 17 , -LRB- left -RRB- and his 15-year-old brother Marc -LRB- right -RRB- drove around Canada raiding homes and buying drugs , the younger boy has told investigators . Bloody aftermath : The boys and a friend had driven to a house , pictured here with blood on the floor , to reportedly purchase two pounds of marijuana for $ 5,000 . In the shooting , Jean was shot dead . The boys had recently moved to live with their mother in a gated community at the heart of the affluent Coral Way district . Court documents read by the National Post revealed Marc boasted to investigators that this raid was not their first . ` Defendant continued to state that he was from Canada and they had done the same type of thing in Canada and had also done other drug rip-offs in Miami , ' the affidavit states . Indeed , Macleans reports that the pair would miss school to drive around with their loaded guns in the back seat . Marc and Jean , who both attended Ottawa 's private Lycee Claudel school , were enrolled at different institutions when they got to the U.S. : Jean at $ 31,000-a-year Gulliver Preparatory School , Marc at the public Palmetto School . According to Macleans , both harbored a reputation for drug abuse - something the boys were already deeply immersed in . It has been widely reported that Jean had a substance abuse problem , tweeting about ` weed ' and ` startin off the day wit mah blunt o herb ' . Even his father told Global News he ` could tell ' Jean was into drugs . But Marc , he insists , was the perfect child . Back story : Details are now emerging about the lifestyle of the boys , privately-educated sons of a Canadian diplomat . When they moved to Miami , Jean -LRB- left -RRB- was enrolled at a $ 31,000-a-year school . In court : Roxanne Dube , mother of the boys , is pictured arriving in court before her son 's first hearing . High-ranking official : Dube , a one-time Fulbright scholar , was appointed to her new position in November , but only arrived in Miami in February . She was previously the envoy in Zimbabwe . However , in the wake of his brother 's death , the younger brother defended their antics and proudly declared to investigators that they cavorted around Ottawa together . On the night of Jean 's death they are said to have driven to a house to buy marijuana on Monday March 30 with their friend Jean met at a dance festival , 17-year-old Joshua White . As Marc sat in the car , Jean and Joshua went inside . Minutes later , they were dead and the alleged drug dealer inside , 19-year-old Anthony Rodriguez , was shot in the arm . A grand jury will decide whether to bring murder charges against Marc . Under Florida law , people can be charged with felony murder if they were involved in a crime that leads to a killing -- even if a person did n't participate directly in the killing . Police also say Marc Wabafiyebazu threatened to shoot a detective in the head after his arrest , which would be another felony count . Assistant State Attorney Marie Mato said after a brief hearing that the grand jury could decide to charge 15-year-old Marc Wabafiyebazu as an adult . His attorney , Curt Obront , said Wabafiyebazu will plead not guilty to any charges that are filed . ` We will be defending these charges , ' Obront told reporters . Dube attended the hearing Wednesday but did not speak with reporters . Marc Wabafiyebazu spoke only to answer a few questions from Miami-Dade Circuit Judge Angelica Zayas , who set an April 20 hearing on the results of the grand jury 's work . ` How are you doing this morning ? ' Zayas asked the boy at one point . ` I 'm doing fine , ' he responded . ` Do n't say anything to anybody about this case , ' the judge warned . According to police reports , the Wabafiyebazu brothers -- who had only recently relocated from their father 's home in Ottawa , Canada , to South Florida to be with their mother -- took their mother 's personal vehicle to the alleged drug meeting . The personal vehicle carries diplomatic plates , but authorities say Marc Wabafiyebazu is not protected by diplomatic immunity . Crime scene : In this photo taken on Monday , March 30 , 2015 , Miami-Dade police detectives work at a crime scene in Miami , involving the two teenage sons of Roxanne Dube , Canada 's counsel general in Maimi . Gunfire erupted soon after they entered , though Marc was in the car at the time . Police say Rodriguez brought the marijuana -- worth less than $ 5,000 -- and negotiations began . Marc Wabafiyebazu said he was waiting outside in his mother 's car while his older brother went inside ` to conduct the rip-off , ' according to a police report . ` In the process of that rip-off , several shots were fired inside the residence , ' killing Jean Wabafiyebazu and Wright . Rodriguez was wounded along with a fourth person , 21-year-old Johan Ruiz , who was shot in the abdomen and is recovering . Police say Marc Wabafiyebazu rushed into the house after hearing the gunshots , but exactly what he did after that is not clear . Police have also said the two dead teenagers apparently shot each other . Authorities have not said where Jean Wabafiyebazu obtained a weapon or weapons they believe he brought to the residence . Anthony Rodriguez -LRB- above -RRB- was arrested on charges of felony murder and drug possession . Obront said Marc Wabafiyebazu has no prior criminal record . ` This is a tragic situation , ' Obront said . ` Our heart goes out to all of the families . ' Germano Wabafiyebazu said his sons borrowed their mother 's personal car , which has diplomatic license plates , to drive to the house but told their mother they were just going for a drive . He said he was told that Marc rushed into the house after hearing a gunshot . Authorities say Marc will not be protected by diplomatic immunity . Dube and her family , meanwhile , expressed condolences to the family of Joshua Wright , the other deceased victim , and said they just want to be there for the younger son . ` Your grief is our grief , ' she said . ` We can only hope that , in time , we will find common purpose towards diminishing the causes of such violent crimes . For now , we just want to be there for Marc , our incredibly caring son who loved his brother very much , and to say goodbye , ever so tenderly and quietly to Jean , our love . ' Dube , a one-time Fulbright scholar , was appointed to her new position in November , but only arrived in Miami in February . She was previously Canada 's ambassador to Zimbabwe from 2005 to 2008 and also served as a staff member for a Canadian Liberal cabinet minister for more than a decade . John Babcock , a spokesman for Canada 's foreign department , said Louise Leger has been named acting Head of Mission on an interim basis . The boys ' father , Germano Wabafiyebazu , said he and Dube were divorced a few years ago and that their son Jean struggled with substance abuse . He previously told Global News that he does not think Marc had anything to do with this tragedy , and that he was just in the wrong place at the wrong time . He also said the boys kept to themselves , and did not have much of a social life . ` My wife told me they did n't go out , ' he said . ` They went to school , went home , went to school . '