The draw for the Champions League has pitted Pep Guardiola 's Bayern Munich against his former club Barcelona , while handing Italian champions a daunting task against holders Real Madrid . With sub-plots aplenty , and quality assured , the final four of European 's premier competition will all feel they have a real chance of adding to their European titles . Sportsmail 's reporters look at each side 's reasons for optimism , and caution , ahead of the semi-finals ... BAYERN MUNICH by Chris Wheeler . Reasons they can win the Champions League ... Bayern have an excellent Champions League pedigree , with a coach in Pep Guardiola who won this competition twice at Barcelona and a squad that has retained its best players since beating Borussia Dortmund in the final at Wembley two years ago . So do Barca and Real Madrid but , unlike their main rivals , Munich can focus largely on Europe thanks to a 12-point lead over Wolfsburg in the Bundesliga and the minor inconvenience of a German Cup semi-final against Dortmund . Guardiola can also expect to call on key players like Arjen Robben , Franck Ribery and Bastian Schweinsteiger who did not appear in either of the quarter-final legs against FC Porto . Pepe Guardiola issues instructions to his players during a supremely impressive performance against Porto . Guardiola must now work out how to prevent his side 's old vulnerabilities returning against Barcelona . Reasons they ca n't ... Usually so dominant , there is a peculiar vulnerability about Bayern under Guardiola . It was painfully evident in their 5-0 aggregate defeat by Real Madrid in the semi-finals a year ago , and again in the 3-1 loss to Porto earlier this month before they turned it around in the second leg in stunning fashion . Munich can not afford to be off their game against Barca . No-one knows Guardiola 's game-plan better than his old club . He will have to overcome them - and then possibly Real - if he wants to win the Champions League again . Bayern were brilliant in Munich , but a repeat of their Porto horror-show could see them dumped out . REAL MADRID by Pete Jenson . Reasons they can win the Champions League ... There 's a sense that the worst has past . They did not want Atletico Madrid in the quarter-finals having failed to beat them already six times this season . Then when Jan Oblak worked his miracles in the first leg and the injuries and suspensions mounted up in the second , the task looked even tougher but they came through . Carlo Ancelotti was vindicated for pitching Javier Hernandez into his forward line and moving Sergio Ramos into midfield . With the coach in a strong position and the squad behind him they can do it . Real Madrid will feel like they have got over their biggest hurdle after their late win over Atletico Madrid . Reasons they ca n't ... No one player is more important to Real Madrid than Luka Modric . They can cope without Bale if Ronaldo is playing and they can cope without Ronaldo if Bale is playing -- they won the Copa del Rey last year that way . But Bale 's former Tottenham team-mate has no real replacement . Atletico were poor on Wednesday night and so the Croatian was not missed too much but against Juventus his absence will be felt . He could be back for the final but they may not get there without him . The injury to Luka Modric is the single biggest obstacle standing in Carlo Ancelotti 's way to retaining the title . JUVENTUS by Neil Ashton . Reasons they can win the Champions League ... The travel advice to anyone planing to watch Juventus in the semi-final is to take a good book . Massimiliano Allegri 's team are living proof that the art of defending Italian-style is alive and well after keeping nine clean sheets in their last 10 matches . That three-man defence , comprising Leonardo Bonucci , Andrea Barzagli and Giorgio Chiellini , loves smothering opposition strikers . Conceivably both legs of the semi-finals could finish 0-0 -LRB- as well as the final -RRB- and the Italians will be delighted to fast-forward to the penalty shootout . Up front they rely on the example set by their talisman Carlos Tevez , with his non-stop chasing and harrying of opposition defenders , plus his goals . The likes of Giorgio Chiellini -LRB- left -RRB- and Leonard Bonucci have provided a solid defence for Juve to build on . Reasons they ca n't ... Even Allegri knows there are many limitations with this Juventus team . Do not get seduced by the cries of ` Ole ole ole ole , Juve Juve , ' because tiki-taka this is n't . Andrea Pirlo 's masterful powers are also on the wane after his brilliant career with Milan , Juve and Italy . Andrea Pirlo still runs the show for the Old Lady , but the Italian 's best days are now behind him . BARCELONA by Pete Jensen . Reasons they can win the Champions League ... It may be true that Bayern Munich have scored 115 goals this season but Leo Messi , Luis Suarez and Neymar have scored 95 between them . Barcelona 's front three have clicked in a way that Luis Enrique would not have dared dream . Neither is the Barcelona forward line ornamental when the team are defending . Messi drops deep to try to get the team passing -- once he has stopped being Messi he will become the new Xavi -- and Suarez defends from the front chasing down the opposition and forcing errors . There is a sense that they are carrying the team to Berlin . Barcelona 's front three of Luis Suarez -LRB- left -RRB- , Neymar -LRB- centre -RRB- and Lionel Messi can carry the whole team . Reasons they ca n't ... For now there are neither injuries nor suspensions but they are forever on the cusp of a potential crisis because the strength in depth is just not there . Ivan Rakitic , Sergi Busquets and Andres Iniesta is a fine midfield but the second-string middle three of Rafinha , Sergio Roberto and the now 35-year-old Xavi offers fewer guarantees . Likewise at the back there is a gulf in class between the four first-choice defenders and those who would have to step in . Injuries to key players like Ivan Rakitic could expose the lack of depth in Barcelona 's squad .