Schoolgirl killer Zbigniew Huminski -LRB- pictured -RRB- did not offer a word of remorse as he was indicted for kidnapping , raping and murdering a nine-year-old . Calais schoolgirl killer Zbigniew Huminski did not offer a word of remorse as he was formally charged with a range of crimes which are likely to see him jailed for life , prosecutors said today . The 38-year-old appeared before a judge on Friday night and was indicted for kidnapping , raping and murdering the nine-year-old identified solely by her first name of Chloe . Despite being banned from France for earlier offences , Zbigniew was on his way to England on Wednesday from Calais when he struck . A statement released by Boulogne prosecutors said : ` The investigating judge conducted his indictment for the following reasons : rape of a minor , kidnapping and murder . ` During his interrogation , the person in custody had admitted his involvement in the alleged crimes , but failed to state the reasons for his action . ' Confirming that Huminski had been ` placed in custody in a regional prison ' , his lawyer Antoine Deguines said : ` He did not speak to the judge , as his right . ` I have not been able to speak much with him , he does not talk much and , it seems , is in shock over what happened . It 's hard for him to address the facts ' . Asked if Zbigniew had offered any remorse , Mr Deguines said : ` No , he is saying very little about anything . ' It came as thousands prepared to take to the streets of Calais on Saturday to take part in a second ` White March ' to pay tribute to Chloe , whose funeral will take place in the port city 's St Peter 's Church on Wednesday . Mr Deguines confirmed Huminski had been on his way to see his sister in Southampton when he ` stopped for a beer ' in Calais , and then attacked Chloe while drunk . Huminski was supposed to be in prison in Poland - but he exploited his home country 's lax justice system to travel to France instead . This picture was the last taken of nine-year-old Chloe at 2.31 pm - she is seated in front of her family home . Relatives have put this photograph at the scene where she was kidnapped . The career criminal was sentenced to a year behind bars in March , but under the rules in Poland , he was supposed to take himself to jail . But he hit the road for France and , under the EU 's free movement rules , there was nothing to stop him driving across Europe . Nine-year-old Chloe , seen in a last haunting photo posing with a carefree grin in the playground outside her home , was snatched as her terror-stricken mother tried helplessly to reach her . Huminski has confessed to strangling his nine-year-old victim , identified by her first name of Chloe -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Before Isabelle Hyart could do anything , Huminski bundled Chloe into his car and drove her to woodland where he sexually assaulted and strangled her . Huminski has a long criminal record in France and Poland , including once attacking a frail woman of 78 with a knife in her home . He was convicted in France in April 2010 , when has jailed for six years for aggravated assault , before being released early in March 2014 , when he was deported to Warsaw . Ms Hyart , a mother of two other young children , said : ` I 'm appalled , disgusted . I do n't understand why he was in France . And why did he come to Calais ? I do n't understand how anyone could do that to a child of nine . ' Ms Hyart said the brazen abduction happened in broad daylight on Wednesday when she left her daughter in the playground to pop back inside the flat to change her four-year-old son 's clothing . Huminski , who is single , originally moved to France in the early 2000s , and worked as an odd-job man before attempting to join the Foreign Legion as a soldier . He was rejected because of his long criminal record in France and Poland . Natacha Bouchart , the Calais mayor , said : ` How could a foreigner with many previous convictions be allowed to move freely around Calais ? There is a clear dysfunction in the way we keep track of repeat offenders . ' Last summer , Alice Gross , 14 , was murdered by a Latvian builder who moved to the UK after serving a prison sentence for killing his wife . Arnis Zalkalns , 41 , spent seven years in jail in Latvia but was still allowed in to Britain without having his record checked . French Prime Minister Manuel Valls called for a full investigation in to Huminski 's past , saying Chloe 's family deserved the ` whole truth ' . Christine Taubira , the justice minister , also demanded a ` complete , precise and rapid ' investigation . ' The little girl 's naked body was found in the woods near Calais 90 minutes after she was taken . Walking together : The Mayor of Calais Natacha Bouchart -LRB- right -RRB- and the mother -LRB- centre -RRB- of Chloe , identified only as Isabelle , leave Calais city hill with relatives yesterday .