A man strangled his friend to death in a rage after the friend admitted that he had been molesting young girls and thought ` one of them was starting to like it , ' a jury heard this week . Robert Mccombs told a court in Grand Rapids , Michigan on Wednesday that Steven Carl Day admitted to him and his roommate Roger Musick that he molested a young relative and that he was molesting other young girls . ` Day said he thought one of the girls was starting to like it , ' Mccombs testified . Witnessed the confession : Robert Mccombs -LRB- left -RRB- said that when Steven Carl Day admitted to him and his roommate Roger Musick -LRB- right -RRB- that he was a child molester , Musick strangled him to death . Shocking revelation : Steven Carl Day was allegedly murdered on December 18 , 2013 after he told two friends that he molested young girls and that he thought , ` one of them was starting to like it ' Day met up with Musick and Mccombs at a bar on December 18 to have drinks for Mccombs ' birthday and that 's where the shocking confession allegedly took place . ` My jaw just dropped that he would just admit it , blurt it out like that . I looked over at Roger and he was just as shocked as I was . ' Musick , 39 , mouthed the words ` I want to kill him , ' Mccombs told the court . Mccombs told the court that the next thing he knew , Mccombs was attacking Day . Mccombs describes seeing Musick holding Day in a choke hold on the floor . ` When I saw him in the choke-hold , his arms were down , his eyes were bulging . He was n't moving , ' Mccombs told the court . The Detroit Free Press reports that the roommates put Day 's dead body into the back of Mccombs ' van and headed north where they found a ridge to drop the body . Addiction : After the murder in 2013 , friends of Day said he was an Army veteran who had struggled in recent years while battling an alcohol addiction . Mccombs said that the two had breakfast before parting ways . Musick went to work and Mccombs went to their home to get rid of Day 's belongings . He claims that he put Day 's backpack and coat in a trash can at a nearby shopping center and then rode Day 's bike to an abandoned car wash near the home . When detectives found Day 's hat and cell phone in Mccomb 's van , both he and Musick were charged with murder . Days later the charges were dropped but they were both later arrested and charged with tampering with evidence . Open container : This mug shot of Steven Carl Day , who described by friends as an alcoholic , was taken in 2011 after he was charged with consuming alcohol in public . Mccomb 's was released from jail in Early March after more than a year behind bars for the ` tampering with evidence ' charge . Musick was also about to be released but police later found there was enough evidence to charge him with Day 's murder . Musick was returned to the Kent County Jail without bond . Kent County Sheriff 's Detective Martin Albert said he found evidence at Day 's home after the 2013 murder that suggested he he had admitted to molesting a five-year-old relative , 35 years ago . At the time of his death , Day had never been charged or prosecuted for any molestation crime . Though , Day was taking part in the Salvation Army 's 12-step ` Turning Point ' program during which Day confessed in a letter to the molestation . The program is intended to help participants confront their demons , particularly with addictions . Detective Albert testified after the murder that Day 's sister was helping with the murder investigation and told him her brother had admitted the molestation of a five-year-old relative about 35 years ago . A detective who analyzed the cell phones of both Mr Musick and Mr McCombs told Michigan 's M LIve text messages had been sent between the two the day the body was found . McCombs allegedly wrote : ` You OK ? The world is a better place today and one little girl can sleep tonight because her monster is gone . ' Musick allegedly replied : ` True ' .