If there is one thing the Made In Chelsea cast are known for it 's their love of shopping . In fact , barely an episode goes by where they 're not filmed swanning around the boutiques that line the fashionable Kings Road . Now one of the stars of the show , Binky Felstead , 24 , has opened up her closet to give wannabe Sloane Rangers a helping hand in achieving the polished , put-together look she is famed for . Scroll down for video . Binky said that faux fur is one of her top tips for achieving Chelsea street style . Binky has been in the cast of the hit E4 programme since 2011 when it first started , along with Spencer Matthews and Rosie Fortescue . She is known for her simple but chic looks and her love of statement eye make-up on a night out . And now the brunette has teamed up with phone case company Otterbox as they launch their new MySymmetry customisable series to share some insider tips using her favourite high street buys . This includes picking out the perfect tailored jacket or some statement jewellery to add a glamorous twist to a simple top . Binky 's five tips for achieving perfect Chelsea street style . 1 : Faux Fur . Binky said : ` I love a faux fur jacket ; it adds instant glamour to your outfit . Put it over bare shoulders to glam something up or even over a simple T-shirt . ` It 's affordable , you do n't have to spend big bucks and every girl should have one . ' 2 : Statement Jewellery . ` Statement jewellery is a complete life-saver as it will jazz up any outfit . ` If you do n't have a big budget , you do n't need to go out and buy anything new just pop on your statement jewellery and it will completely change the outfit . ' The Made In Chelsea star says she loves statement jewellery as it will jazz up any outfit . 3 : Tailored Jacket . Binky says : ` A tailored jacket can be worn on any occasion , it can be put over some casual jeans or put over a really pretty dress for a date . ` As the weather gets a little bit warmer we can finally take off those big winter coats and put on something a little lighter . ' Binky wore this tailored white blazer which she says is great to go over any outfit . 4 : The day-to-night dress . Binky says : ` There 's nothing better than a simple dress that 's transferable from day to night time . ` You can wear a flowy dress all day long and jazz it up at night with a really cool leather biker jacket . ' One of Binky 's top tips is to have a dress that will see you through from day to night . 5 : Keep cosy in cashmere : . ` It would n't be Chelsea street style without a bit of luxury fabric and lets face it , cashmere is the best , ' she said . ` It 's a worthwhile investment to add some chic to your spring summer wardrobe . ' Binky strikes a pose in an out-sized cashmere jumper worn over a white shirt , black trousers and heels .