A woman has been jailed for using her stiletto heel to inflict permanent injuries on a stranger during an unprovoked attack in a nightclub toilet . Shannon Carter , 21 , repeatedly struck 20-year-old Amelia Gledhill with the shoe after a row broke out between their friends on a night out in Bradford . Ms Gledhill is said to have been left traumatised by the incident and is still having problems with her eyesight . Shannon Carter , 21 -LRB- pictured -RRB- has been jailed for three-and-a-half years for attacking Amelia Gledhill , 20 , -LRB- pictured right -RRB- with a stiletto during a night out . Ms Gledhill still has a scar above her right eye . She has also been left with permanent scarring and is afraid to leave the house alone . During the case at Bradford Crown Court , the court was told how there had been a confrontation between one of Carter 's friends and a friend of victim in a bar in Bradford city centre earlier in the evening . The court heard how Miss Gledhill and her friend then saw Carter in NV night club . Despite Miss Gledhill having nothing to do with the argument , Carter then followed the victim into the toilets , where she carried out the ` unprovoked ' attack . As well as sustaining an injury just above her right eye , Ms Gledhill also suffered a deep wound to her arm , the court heard . The victim was given stitches at Bradford Royal infirmary . She also had to return to the hospital on a number of occasions for further treatment , the court heard . She was also left with bruises , a permanent scar and with blurred vision in her right eye . The attack took place in NV nightclub -LRB- pictured -RRB- during a night out in Bradford City Centre . There had been an earlier confrontation between one of Carter 's friends and a friend of the victim . The court heard she also had to take time off work and became too afraid to go out , without being accompanied by her boyfriend . Carter , from East Bowling , Bradford , pleaded guilty to wounding with intent . For the defence , Simon Hustler said Carter had nursed her grandmother , looked after her grandfather and was also a carer for her mother . He added that the attack was an isolated incident and that she had committed no further offences . He also told the court that there was evidence of a mental disorder . Sentencing her to three-and-a-half years in jail , Judge David Hatton QC said Carter had caused the victim permanent scarring and other psychological consequences . The judge said : ` This is a tragic case , revealing the frequent danger and consequence of excessive drinking ; tragic , not least because I am satisfied that it was out of character . ' But he added that it was a serious offence which could only be dealt with by an immediate custodial sentence . Judge Hatton said : ` I judge your risk of reoffending not to be high . I take account of the fact that any sentence of imprisonment will be in itself a considerable punishment . ' He added : ` I derive no pleasure whatever from imposing a sentence of imprisonment on a young woman in your position but I would be failing in my public duty if I did not do so . ' After the case , Detective Constable Glen Doran , of Bradford District CID , said : ` This was a particularly nasty and unprovoked assault which left the victim with permanent injuries . ` Such incidents will not be tolerated in Bradford District , and I hope the sentence handed down today will serve as a warning to others . '