The mother who crashed a car into a lake near Melbourne has been released from custody after being interviewed by police . Officers say Akon Guode was interviewed as part of the ongoing investigation into the deaths of three children . The children 's Sudanese mother , 35 , was behind the wheel of a grey 2005 Toyota Kluger when it crashed into the lake at Wyndham Vale in Melbourne 's outer west just before 4 pm on Wednesday . One-year-old Bol and four-year-old twins Madit and Anger all died after the 4WD they were in plunged into the water . The heartbroken father of three siblings who died has since spoken out to defend the children 's mother saying she is innocent as she is a ` good mother ' , the Herald Sun reports . Scroll down for videos . One-year-old Bol -LRB- left -RRB- and four-year-old twins Madit and Anger -LRB- right -RRB- all died after the 4WD they were in crashed into a lake at Wyndham Vale in Melbourne 's outer west just before 4 pm on Wednesday . One mourner hugs Joseph Manyang -LRB- fourth from left -RRB- , the father of three siblings who died , in front of a makeshift shrine at the scene of the crash . Joseph Manyang , the father of the Bol and twins Madit and Anger , said Ms Guode - a mother of seven - adored her children . ` She is a very good mother , ' he told the Herald Sun . ` She loved the kids . She took care of the kids . I do n't think she planned to do anything . ' Mr Manyang further said that he believes Ms Guode is innocent . This comes as the family of the young girl who survived the tragic crash revealed the five-year-old 's condition has improved . A male family member told ABC News little Awel 's condition has reduced from critical and she remains in a serious condition at the Royal Children 's Hospital . The children 's mother , Akorn Manang , was behind the wheel of grey 2005 Toyota Kluger when it plunged into the lake on Manor Lakes Boulevard . Police have retrieved the four-wheel-drive after it was plunged into the Wyndham Vale on Wednesday . The news comes after the devastated Mr Manyang made an emotional visit to the crash site on Thursday where floral tributes were starting to build up , the Herald Sun reports . Mr Manyang 's 16-year-old niece , Amani Alier , said the family were trying to console him following the devastating news . ` He 's shattered , he could n't stop crying , his nose was bleeding , ' she said . ` He just dropped when he saw a picture of his son on the wall . It 's so hard for him to deal with . He loved those kids . ' Mourners pray at a makeshift shrine at the scene where a 4WD was submerged in Lake Gladman . It follows as the four-wheel-drive was removed from the lake on Thursday afternoon . Thomas Kok , the cousin of the children 's father , who spent the night at the children 's hospital with Awel , visited the crash site on Thursday morning to pay tribute to the children . The mother , also known as Akon Manaang , moved from South Sudan to Australia in 2008 as a refugee to escape the war there . ` It 's a shock for everyone , ' Mr Kok said , according to the Herald Sun . ` We spent all night at hospital until 3 in the morning . ' It comes as the tight-knit Sudanese community and nearby residents started leaving floral tributes for the three children . ` As soon as I saw the community coming towards this scene where the incident 's happened , it 's making me feel like people care , ' Mr Kok said . The tight-knit Sudanese community and nearby residents started leaving floral tributes for the three children . The 2005 Toyota Kluger is expected to be removed from the lake late on Thursday morning . The family with seven children moved from South Sudan to Australia in 2008 . Thomas Kok , the cousin of the children 's father , who spent the night at the children 's hospital with Awel , visited the crash site on Thursday morning to pay tribute to the children . Police have confirmed the mother is assisting the homicide squad with their investigation as they appealed for members of the Sudanese community to come forward if they knew anything about what was going on in the family 's life . ` We need to understand what led to this , we need to understand the background of this family , we need to understand what was happening in their lives , ' Superintendent Stuart Bateson said . ` Hopefully this will lead to a greater understanding of what led to this incident . We appeal especially to the Sudanese community who might know what was happening in this family 's life , what their movements were before this tragedy . ' A witness Michelle relived the tragic moment the car ploughed into the lake on Thursday morning . ` It is still in my mind now , every time you close your eyes you just see someone so little , ' she told Nine News in tears . ` My heart goes out to the family and to everybody who witnessed it . ` Those rescuers , those workers , when it was winding down it was just devastating seeing them sitting in the gutter . ' Michelle told 3AW late on Wednesday that her friend Travis rescued one of the young boys from the vehicle . ` Travis jumped into the water and smashed the back windscreen and got one little boy out . -LRB- Emergency workers -RRB- then started working on the child , ' she said . ` I only saw three get taken out . I believe they were travelling down the boulevard ... and they 've just gone over and into the lake . ' Emotions were still raw on Thursday morning for neighbour Michelle who witnessed the grey 2005 Toyota Kluger plunging into the lake on Manor Lakes Boulevard . The search and rescue team remained at the scene to try and pull the car from the water , which is reportedly about 20 to 30 metres from shore . Locals are shocked as to how the car was able to get into the centre of the lake as it is ` pretty far from the road ' Detective from the Homicide Squad and the Major Collision Investigation Unit have spoken to some witnesses but they are appealing for anyone with information to come forward . It is not yet know if it was a deliberate act or an accident , according to police . It 's believed the grey 2005 Toyota Kluger 4WD was travelling towards Pedder St and Minindee Road when the incident occurred . Police particularly wish to speak to anyone who saw the car between 3.30 and 3.45 pm . Witnesses or anyone with further information about the incident should contact Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000 . A mini shrine for the three young children grew on Thursday as families visited the area to pay their respects . Two young girls carried flowers to the lake where three three died when the car they were in crashed . Victoria police said that the exact circumstances of how the car went into the lake are yet to be determined . A resident named Michelle told 3AW that her neighbour broke open the back windscreen of the 4WD to save the children . Victoria Ambulance said the children were taken to The Royal Children 's hospital via air ambulance . Further tests will be conducted in order to determine whether the car had any mechanical defects .