Rape : Edwin ` Jock ' Mee is accused of attacking several Army cadets while working as a recruitment sergeant . An Army recruiting sergeant raped a teenage cadet after telling her he could help her get a visa from the Home Office , a court heard today . Edwin ` Jock ' Mee allegedly told the 18-year-old , from Sierra Leone , that her visa application had been delayed in order to persuade her to have sex with him . He is accused of carrying out sex attacks on 11 victims as young as 15 while working at an Army careers centre in Croydon , south London , between October 2010 and September 2011 . One woman told Southwark Crown Court today that she saw Mee , 46 , as a father figure after he helped her join the Army . She said : ` He was like someone I could really lean on because , going for some interviews with him , he would ask me everything about my personal life , everything , because he said that is the procedure they need to do . ` So it is like I took him as a father , or someone I can relate to , or maybe understand what is happening to me . ' Jurors heard that Mee repeatedly asked the teenager if she wanted to have sex with him - she initially ignored him , but later explicitly told him she did not want to do . The court heard that one occasion when she went to see Mee , he slapped her bottom as she left the office , and she told him ` never do that ' . Prosecutor Rosina Cottage QC asked the woman why she did not tell any of the other recruiters what was going on . The witness replied : ` He always told me not to say anything to anyone because no one will believe me and looking at him , and his status , all these things , I believed him . ' Describing the alleged rape , the woman said she had gone in for her final Army selection interview in August 2011 before the conclusion of the process . Around the same time she was trying to renew her visa with the Home Office , and was not aware of any problems with the application before she went to see Mee . She said : ` He said there was a delay for me to pay the money , that if the visa did n't come , I ca n't go for selection and my date was already fixed . He told me he can help me . ` He told me that because I need to go to selection and my passport was with the Home Office , and he told me that he was going to help and I said , `` How are you going to do that ? '' He just said , `` A call that I can make , '' and I said `` Why do n't you do it ? '' ` He said : `` You know what you can do that will make me do it . '' ' Base : Mee was working at an Army careers centre in Croydon , south London , pictured . The court heard that Mee then told the woman to wait for the ` boss ' who was going to conduct her interview . But he returned a short time later , told her that he would now be talking to her and took her to the kitchen area , jurors were told . Dressed in his Army uniform , Mee allegedly spoke to the woman about her selection procedure and the fact her passport was with the Home Office , before leaving her waiting alone again . The woman said : ` He came back and sat , he started asking me if I was going to have sex with him . ' Jurors heard that she told Mee ` no ' and that she was simply there to see the ` boss ' , still believing that there were other people in the recruitment office . When he asked her for sex again he allegedly said that no one would ever know , and later revealed that there was nobody left in the office . The woman told the court that Mee then ` jumped ' and kissed her on the lips , before asking her to lift up her skirt and show him her underwear . He then pounced on the woman and began assaulting her , before she told him that she could not breathe . ` I was suffocating because he was on top of me , ' the woman said . ` And I told him that I was suffocating , he got scared a bit and that is when he jumped off me , because I was n't breathing . ' After the incident Mee drove the woman home , telling her not to tell anyone what had happened , and said that he was helping her out , the court heard . The woman said she kept quiet about what happened because he was ` a big person in the Army ' and she did not think anyone would believe her . Jurors heard that soon afterwards , the alleged victim received a letter from the Home Office saying her visa had been granted , and she thought Mee had been responsible for this . Sergeant : Mee denies assaulting the women between 2010 and 2011 . Mee , who now lives in Scotland , denies 17 counts of sexual assault , three rapes and one count of assault by penetration . Jurors also heard that the woman kept a diary in which she wrote entries about her daily life . Writing about the day she was allegedly raped , she said : ` Jock also got a message from the Home Office that they are not going to grant me the extension because I was late to pay the money . ` Jock had to beg for me and he also sent them a letter to appeal on my behalf . I am so thankful to God that Jock helped me out in that . He has always been there for me , if they do n't agree he said he will marry me . LOL . ` That is so sweet of him . God , please do n't let anything happen to me . ' In cross-examination Lisa Wilding QC asked the woman if Mee had offered to marry her ` jokingly or seriously ' . ` That is why I put LOL because that is what I thought , because he is telling me all these things that I was n't aware of , ' she replied . In another entry a few days later , she thanked the sergeant for helping her with her application to remain in the UK . She wrote : ` I also thank Jock for making that call to the Home Office . He helped me a lot . If he did n't call , they should have refused me . ' Asked why she had n't told anyone of the rape , the woman explained that she was like an abused child . She said : ` He is just like a father who is abusing a child and the child does n't know that you are abusing it , and you are torn between love and hate . That is how I felt . ' The trial continues . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .