This terrifying cache of high-power weapons was allegedly found inside a secret basement bunker in the home of two school bus drivers . Steve and Sarah Nick built up the huge arsenal , including a 50-caliber machine gun , a sniper rifle , and 17,000 rounds of ammunition , after it was claimed they stole more than $ 50,000 . Many of the 30 weapons were legally owned , but the couple , who are said to have links to the Michigan militia , are accused of plundering Mrs Nick 's 67-year-old mother 's savings to fund the potentially deadly haul . This is the huge weapons arsenal allegedly found inside a secret basement bunker in the home of Steven and Sarah Nick . Pictured : Genessee County Sheriff Robert Pickell with the haul . The couple are facing a combined total of 15 felony charges , according to mlive.com . Police raided their home in Davison Township , Michigan , after concerns were raised by adult protective services in August last year . It is alleged that the husband and wife had gained access to Mrs Nick 's severely ill mother 's bank account and were writing blank bank cheques to themselves . As well as the huge weapons haul in the basement bunker , officers also discovered a number of bullet proof vests , including one for the couple 's nine-year-old daughter . One of the vest had a patch on it that read , ` We kill for peace , ' the website reported . Mrs Nick . 32 , was employed as a bus driver for the Flint School District and her 33-year-old husband was said to work for Davison Schools . Genesee County Sheriff Robert Pickell said that his officers had seized all of the weapons . ` It 's an issue because they were purchased with stolen money , ' Pickell reportedly told mlive.com . Steven Nick , 33 , pictured left , and his wife Sarah , 32 , pictured right , are facing a combined total of 15 charges . They also face charges in relation to a short-barreled rifle allegedly discovered at the property that did not meet the state minimum length . The sheriff said the well-armed couple were linked to the Southeast Michigan Volunteer Militia , a group that aim to deter disasters . The Nicks were released on bail and are set to return to court on Thursday .