The search for missing woman Jessica Bialek is over after she returned to her home this evening . The 37-year-old had been missing since about 8:30 am on Wednesday morning . She returned to her home near Sydney on Thursday evening , and is ` safe and well ' with loved ones . Ms Bialek 's husband , Sabino Matera , confirmed she was home shortly after 6:30 pm on Thursday . Scroll down for video . The father of missing Sydney woman Jessica Bialek -LRB- pictured -RRB- has made a desperate plea for information about her whereabouts . ` Jessica is safe and at home . Found . Thank you , ' Mr Matera posted on his Facebook account . Police have confirmed Ms Bialek returned home , and she is now speaking with officers about her disappearance . Ms Bialek 's husband , Sabino Matera , confirmed she was home with a post on his Facebook page . Police thanked the public and media for their help in locating the mother-of-one . Ms Bialek had last been seen by her family when she left home to walk to the bank . The family of a photographer who vanished had earlier made a desperate plea for her to come home . Ms Bialek was last seen leaving her home on Dudley Street , in the south-eastern Sydney suburb of Coogee , about 8.30 am on Wednesday . Her husband said he spoke to her thatmorning but she has been ` out of reach since then ' . On Thursday afternoon Jessica 's father Michael Bialek , who had just flown in from Melbourne , fronted media to appeal for information . ` We would obviously like to appeal to anyone who may have contacted or had contact with Jess , ' Mr Bialek said . Michael Bialek said he simply wants to know his daughter is safe and well , even if she wants to be alone . The search for her started after her husband posted a Facebook plea on Wednesday evening . ` We are desperate to find out from her that she 's safe and if there 's a reason she wants to be on her own we just want to know she 's safe , that 's all we 're concerned about , ' he added with emotion in his voice . Mr Bialek said Jessica , her husband and daughter had been visiting family in Melbourne during the Easter break before returning to Sydney on Tuesday . ` Tuesday morning was the last time . . I walked down to the lobby of our apartment building and that was the last time I saw Jess , ' her distraught father revealed . Michael Bialek also described as a ` complex character as many young people are today ' but added she was a loving mother , daughter and wife and he simply wanted her home . Detective Superintendent Gavin Dengate said the reason police were involved shortly after Jessica 's disappearance was due to how ` out of character ' it was . ` The reason is it 's out of character , totally out of character for Jessica to go missing , ' he said on Thursday . Police are currently working through phone records , social media , CCTV , and financial records to try and locate the woman , Detective Superintendent Dengate said . The mother-of-one was last seen leaving her home in Coogee on Wednesday morning , around 8.30 am . Her husband Sabino Matera has made a worried plea on Facebook in a bid to help find her . He added that officers had also been door-knocking and checking moteliers in an attempt to discover where she may have stayed on Wednesday evening . ` She went missing yesterday at 8.30 in the morning so one of our lines of inquiry ... is to look at where she may have stayed last night , ' the officer said . On Wednesday Jessica 's devastated husband took to social media in a plea for help in locating his missing wife , sparking a swift response from friends and the public . Sharing two pictures of his wife wearing sunglasses on the social media site , he wrote : ` Important message ! As per today , Jessica has gone missing . ` I spoke to her this morning at 8.30 am and she has been out of reach since then . We are very concerned about Jessica . Please help me to find her ! She left home without her car and not made contact nor returned home . Her phone is off . This is a real alarm . ' Concerned friends and family reacted to the Facebook status , sending messages of hope and support and sharing more photos of the Sydney woman . Police are concerned for her welfare and have released a photo of Jessica smiling -LRB- left -RRB- as an investigation is launched into her disappearance . Jessica is described as being of Caucasian appearance , 170-175cm tall , with a slim build and black hair . ` Thinking of you right now Sabino , Jessica Bialek please call someone , ' one friend wrote . ` Praying for Jessica 's safe return xxx thinking of you and family right now be strong , ' another said . Ms Bialek is an accomplished freelance photographer with an interest in the performing arts and fashion . According to her website , she has worked for the Australian Ballet , Opera Victoria and Circus Oz . Police are appealing for public assistance to help locate Jessica and have launched an investigation into her disappearance . Releasing a photo of Jessica , police said they hold concerns for her welfare . She is described as being of Caucasian appearance , 170-175cm tall , with a slim build and black hair . Anyone who knows the missing person 's whereabouts , or has any information that could assist investigators , is urged to contact Maroubra Police on -lrb- 02-rrb - 9349 9299 or Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000 .