Vincent Kompany has emerged as an injury doubt for the Manchester derby . City boss Manuel Pellegrini revealed that the Belgium centre-half will be assessed on Saturday , 24 hours ahead of Sunday 's clash at Old Trafford . The Chilean , whose side have slipped into fourth place , also reinstated that he has no fears over his job amid mounting pressure . Aleksandar Kolarov -LRB- 11 -RRB- , Frank Lampard -LRB- 18 -RRB- and Edin Dzeko -LRB- 10 -RRB- lead the way in Manchester City training . Yaya Toure attempts to control the ball during training at the City football academy . Sergio Aguero leaps up in the air in front of Bacary Sagna to win a header during training . However , he did admit : ` We will see what happens in August . ' City captain Kompany , 29 on Friday , would be a huge loss despite his patchy form this season . He played 90 minutes in Monday 's 2-1 loss against Crystal Palace but picked up a hamstring injury at Selhurst Park and Pellegrini said he is doubtful for the match against Louis van Gaal 's men . ` Kompany we will assess tomorrow , ' he said . ` He worked the whole week the normal way . I always say the same . We are always better with Kompany but if he can not play we have a squad . ' If Kompany is deemed unfit City could be facing a defensive crisis with Dedryck Boyata also injured . That would leave Pellegrini with a pairing of the ageing Martin Demichelis and the inconsistent Eliaquim Mangala . Vincent Kompany is an injury doubt for Manchester City 's clash against Manchester United on Sunday . City captain and central defender Kompany played 90 minutes as City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace on Monday . City manager Manuel Pellegrini insists he does not fear for his job , despite his team dropping into fourth . City are in fourth place , a point behind United , after losing three of their last five Premier League matches and taking 18 points from 36 since the turn of the year . Some have speculated that Pellegrini could face the sack at the end of the season . When asked if he was worried about his future he said : ` I do n't think so . I am not talking about my future because it 's not important . I 'm just thinking about the game against Manchester United . ' However , he added : ` You never know what will happen in August . if you ask me I am not afraid because I think we are in a bad moment . ` We are not a disaster , we are not a mess . We are doing a lot of things well . ' City , who will also be without strike pair Stevan Jovetic -LRB- muscle injury -RRB- and Wilfried Bony -LRB- ankle and knee -RRB- , will be going for five straight derby wins for the first time in their history against third-placed United who are a point in front . But Pellegrini refused to say that they were now the biggest club in Manchester . Eliaquim Mangala -LRB- left -RRB- could be set to replace Kompany in the team to take on United on Sunday . Strikers Stevan Jovetic -LRB- left -RRB- and Wilfried Bony are already out of the Manchester derby through injury . ` I do n't like to compare , ' he said . ` Our target is not to compare but to improve in our project . Pellegrini added that his men were still using a certain ex-United manager as motivation . ` United dominated the league for so many years , but one time Sir Alex Ferguson said the neighbours are disturbing them a little bit more , so I say that 's double motivation for us , ' he said .