Eddie Hearn has insisted his £ 1.5 million purse offer to Carl Frampton comes with no strings attached , but efforts to make a super-fight with Scott Quigg remain deadlocked . Hearn unveiled a cheque with his offer to Sky TV cameras in a bid to force a deal with the IBF super-bantamweight champion , as the Matchroom promoter upped the ante in a bid to book a July 18 date at Manchester Arena . However , Frampton 's promoters , Cyclone Promotions , headed by former world champ Barry McGuigan , released a press release in response to the offer , claiming they were awaiting formal communication from Hearn 's Matchroom Sports before renewing negotiations over the much-hyped bout . Eddie Hearn presents the cheque for £ 1.5 m to set-up Scott Quigg 's fight with Carl Frampton . Matchroom Sport boss Hearn said the cheque offered 1.5 m reasons for the two boxers to fight . Quigg stares down the camera to tell Frampton to ` put his money where his mouth is ' TV rights were believed to be a major stumbling block in negotiations as Matchroom are tied to Sky Sports , while Frampton 's recent title defence against Chris Avalos attracted millions of viewers between ITV in the UK and UTV Ireland . Now Hearn has seemingly attempted to force the fight with a big-money offer in the hope that the bout can be screened on Sky Box Office . While past negotiations were believed to have collapsed due to a failure to agree a deal on future promotional ` options ' on fights , the Matchroom promoter also insisted he has not demanded rights to promote Frampton 's future fights . ` Nothing at all -- no options , no rematch clause , absolutely nothing , ' Hearn told Sportsmail when questioned on whether such terms were included in his £ 1.5 m offer . ` He can have this fight , he can go back to whatever broadcaster he wants -LSB- after it -RSB- . He can go and move to the moon if he wants , it 's nothing to do with us . ' Quigg is the defending WBA super-bantamweight champion and wants to fight Frampton in Manchester . Quigg celebrates his win over Hidenori Othake at the Liverpool Echo Arena in November last year . McGuigan declined to comment further on the saga when contacted by Sportsmail , refusing to elaborate on Cyclone Promotions ' statement which said they ` have made several attempts to organise a follow-up meeting with Eddie Hearn of Matchroom Sport to progress these negotiations ' . The Cyclone statement added : ` If Matchroom Sport are interested in joining Cyclone Promotions in staging this domestic superfight , we recommend Matchroom accept the invitation for a follow-up meeting . ' Hearn countered the Cyclone statement , telling Sportsmail : ` We just want to get it done , it 's so frustrating ... I know their statement said we turned down another meeting but that 's because it was getting nowhere . We 're trying to make things happen . ` The only thing that Cyclone Promotions want is they want to co-promote the show . We 're bringing all the money , we 're putting all the money up , ' said the Matchroom promoter . ` If there was another broadcaster that they were willing to work with , who could throw a load of money at this fight , then make us an offer . They ca n't . We 're in such a strong position , but we 're still being fair . Scott Quigg is the one taking all the risk here . If it does n't do that great at the box office , Scott might get only £ 400-500,000 and Carl still gets his £ 1.5 m , there is no risk . ` This is the offer that I believe has to make Carl Frampton say yes . I 've already responded -LSB- to Cyclone -RSB- to say `` if you want to co-promote , co-promote it '' , ' added Hearn . Frampton lands a punch on American opponent Chris Avalos during their fight last month . Frampton celebrates after his win over Spain 's Kiko Martinez in September last year .