A Vodafone customer has slammed the network provider after she was bombarded with flirty texts from one of the firm 's call centre workers . Adele Berry , of Reddish , Greater Manchester , spoke to the call handler when she contacted the mobile phone company over a problem with her bill . But she was left shocked when the man later got in touch with her , calling himself her ` future hubby ' and asking about his ` in laws ' . Scroll down for video . Adele Berry has told of her shock after she was bombarded with texts from a Vodafone call centre worker . Ms Berry was put through to a call centre in South Africa when she phoned the company over the issue last month . She says she made small talk with the man who answered the query to fill ` dead air ' , but did nothing to suggest she was interested in him . The 21-year-old was stunned when she later received a string of messages from the man , who said his name is ` Miguel ' . In one text , the man referred to himself as her ` future hubby ' and promised to buy her shoes when he met her . He also sent her a picture of himself in one message , and told her : ` Wow I knew you beautiful but damn you are super beautiful . ' After asking how ` his in-laws ' were , he said : ` I 'm hope I 'm not being too , how can I say , forward . ' The man repeatedly sent Ms Berry messages featuring photos of himself and kissing emoticons . The man has sent her 18 messages since she made the call , some of which have referred to his family in Liverpool , making Ms Berry fear he may try to approach her . She told the Manchester Evening News : ` It is quite scary , it is quite distressing . He wo n't leave me alone . Being pestered by someone I do n't know gets me quite nervous . ' The man has now been suspended by Vodafone , which says it has a number of call centres in the UK but also sends some callers through to their office in South Africa . A spokesman said : ` We take allegations of this kind extremely seriously . We have spoken to Ms Berry and the adviser concerned has been suspended pending a full investigation . '