Simon Calvert of the Christian Institute says forcing teachers to promote gay relationships would be making them choose between their faith and their job . Schools should be forced to promote gay relationships in sex education lessons , union leaders say . The National Union of Teachers has called for a ` positive portrayal of same sex relationships ' in lessons to be made ` compulsory ' under the next government . It said MPs had a duty to tackle ` homophobia , biphobia and transphobia ' in schools and create a ` positive climate of understanding about sexuality ' . But critics accused the NUT of ` thought control ' and said the ` intolerant ' proposals risked ` oversexualising ' children at a young age . Meanwhile , Christian groups warned it would compel teachers at faith schools to act against their beliefs . However , the union said the changes were needed to tackle prejudice which was ` still strongly prevalent in our schools ' . Simon Calvert of the Christian Institute said : ` This motion is itself an act of intolerance towards mainstream Christians and their beliefs . It would force Christian teachers to have to choose between their faith and their job . ` I wonder whether Christian members of the NUT who have paid their dues can expect any help from the NUT when their jobs are on the line . ' He added that Church schools already teach ` love and tolerance ' of others without having to explicitly approve of same sex relationships . The proposal was contained in a motion on lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender -LRB- LGBT -RRB- rights passed by the NUT at its annual conference in Harrogate yesterday . It stated : ` Conference instructs the executive to call upon the present and future government to ... make it compulsory that all schools ' sex education policies include a positive portrayal of same sex relationships . ' The NUT said only 10 per cent of LGBT teachers felt confident to be ` out ' to students . Other proposals included promoting LGBT History Month -- which celebrates gay and transgender rights movements -- in every school . The motion also advocated supporting transgender students and staff ` while transitioning and after ' . Christine Blower , NUT General Secretary , said : ` We need education policy that develops curriculum for children and young people that supports the democratic values of a diverse Britain -- including LGBT equality . ' Christine Blower , National Union of Teachers General Secretary , has called for a ` positive portrayal of same sex relationships ' in lessons to be made ` compulsory ' under the next government . The law would also see teachers at Muslim and Jewish schools compelled to promote gay marriage and other issues that go against their beliefs . The proposal comes amid a row over the government 's new requirement for schools to teach ` fundamental British values ' , which include tolerance of other faiths and lifestyles . Christian schools have complained they were branded ` intolerant ' and marked down by Ofsted after children were asked about gays and lesbians . Durham Free School is set to close after inspectors branded it an educational failure and said some children displayed ` discriminatory ' views towards people of other faiths . Meanwhile , Grindon Hall Christian School in Sunderland was put in special measures after failing to meet Ofsted 's British values criteria . Inspectors were said to have asked pupils if they knew what lesbians ` did ' and if any of their friends felt trapped in the ` wrong body ' . The drive was formed in response to the Trojan Horse scandal in which Muslim hardliners allegedly tried to impose an Islamic agenda on schools in Birmingham . The NUT motion renewed fears teachers would be required to go beyond their remit in tackling such a sensitive subject . Andrea Williams from Christian Concern said : ` This kind of policy is dangerous for our children who are being oversexualised at a very young age . Durham Free has been told to close after inspectors branded it an educational failure and said some children displayed ` discriminatory views ' toward people of other faiths . ` They are being introduced to concepts and having normalised same sex relationships which robs them of their innocence and is not good for their emotional and moral wellbeing . ' Chris McGovern , of the Campaign for Real Education , said : ` The rights of groups who oppose gay marriage on sincere religious grounds should be respected as much as those who support gay marriage . Thought control should not be promoted by the NUT . ' A Church of England spokesman said it is ` fully committed to sex and relationship education that allows room for exploration and discussion of relationships , within a framework of Christian values ' . Sex and relationships education is mandatory for pupils at council-run secondary schools . It is also compulsory for children aged between five and 14 at council-run schools to learn about sex as part of the science curriculum .