Jennifer is a huge fitness fan , and the mother of two has completed triathlons . We reveal how to get the enviable physiques of the stars . This week : Jennifer Lopez 's arms . She 's famous for her killer curves , but Jennifer Lopez 's upper-body is as impeccably toned . A huge fitness fan , the mother of two has completed triathlons . She avoids sugar and salt and tries to get eight hours ' sleep a night . She claims ` sometimes when I get home and I 'm not feeling so great , I make myself go to the gym ' . What to try : . Modified push-ups with your knees on the floor are n't just a cop-out for the real thing , they activate the entire upper body to get that J-Lo tone . Start on all fours with your hands on the floor , slightly wider apart than shoulder width . Slide your knees back and raise your feet off the floor until you are in a position where you can bend the elbows to drop your chest and push back up . Make sure you move the whole upper body , not just dipping your shoulders . Repeat 12 to 15 times . The singer/actress shows off toned arms at the Annual Academy Awards in February . Elie Saab Haute Couture gold gown . Gold sequined silk tulle dress . Visit site . Jennifer Lopez looks stunning on the red carpet in this beautifully crafted gown by Lebanese designer Elie Saab . J.Lo pulls off this plunging neckline with effortless style -LRB- and looks utterly voluptuous doing so -RRB- . Her dress is embroidered with pearls , stones and sequins which seem to drip off her figure like caramel sauce on vanilla ice cream . She pairs the dress with classic drop diamond earrings , a gold clutch and matching pale pink lips and nails . Wish you could look as glamorous as J.Lo ? Check below for affordable ways to get J.Lo 's gorgeous look . Aidan Mattox Embellished Bodice Taffeta Gown , Nordstrom . Visit site . Aidan Mattox Beaded Bodice Gown , Antique Gold , Neiman Marcus -LRB- now $ 173 -RRB- . Visit site . AKIRA BLACK LABEL Wish You Well Sequin Dress in Gold -LRB- now $ 20 ! -RRB- . Visit site . Adrianna Papell Gown - Sleeveless V-Neck Disco Beaded , Bloomingdale 's . Visit site .