A neo-Nazi charged with killing a gay supervisor at a community college said he did so because he hates homosexuality . Stancil , who gave himself fascist face tattoos , is awaiting extradition from Florida to North Carolina , where he is accused of fatally shooting 44-year-old Ron Lane . Kenneth Morgan Stancil III , 20 , told Raleigh 's WRAL-TV on Wednesday that he killed Lane earlier this week in North Carolina because Lane had made sexual advances to Stancil 's 16-year-old brother . Scroll down for video . Kenneth Morgan Stancil III , 20 , claimed in a prison interview on Wednesday that he had killed a gay college supervisor because he made sexual advances towards his teenage brother . In a telephone interview from a Daytona Beach jail , Stancil said Lane tried to take advantage of his brother . ` He ai n't physically touched him , but he was in the proposal to try to and I was n't going to let that happen , ' Stancil said . Stancil said Lane was looking for Stancil on Facebook and found his brother . A Goldsboro police spokesman did not immediately return a phone message on Thursday about that allegation . ` I 'd do anything necessary to take care of my family , ' Stancil said . He said he has no regrets about the shooting . ` I did what I did , and I 've got to live with it . If I get life , I just get life . ` I 'm a murderer , you know , what the hell do I got to care ? ` I do n't give a damn if I go back to society . ' Stancil , shot dead his former work-study supervisor Ron Lane -LRB- pictured -RRB- and claimed to have killed three others - although police had no reports of unsolved homicides . Stancil said he is a neo-Nazi who is concerned about the future of white children . ` I try to look out for my fellow white people , ' he said . ` I do n't believe in race mixing . ' He was asked if he hates gays . ` Yes , I do , with a passion , ' he replied , though he said that was only one of the reasons he killed Lane , who had been his supervisor in a work study program at the college before he was fired for absenteeism . Stancil also told the television station he had killed three other people , including two in the Wayne County area . But the sheriff 's department told the station it has no report of any unsolved homicides that match Stancil 's account . The accused killer appeared in court in Florida on Tuesday where he admitted to the killing , WRAL reported , despite the judge advising him he could remain silent . He confessed to the shooting in an obscenity-laced statement , saying he ` ridded one last child molester from the Earth ' . He said Lane , who had been his supervisor at the college 's print shop until Stancil was fired last month , had been ` messing with ' one of Stancil 's family members . Lane was gay , and authorities said they are investigating a possible hate crime . They have n't released a motive for the shooting , but Stancil was dismissed from a work study program at the print shop last month . His mother , Debbie Stancil , said her son was angry over being dismissed from his work-study job for excessive absenteeism . She also said Lane made sexually laced comments to her son . ` He was verbally inappropriate with Morgan at school . Very much verbally inappropriate , ' she said . ` He would tell him to stop and he kept on . ' The 20-year-old is facing a charge of open murder . Stancil pictured with his mother Debbie at his graduation . She said he is ` rattled and confused and needs mental help ' . The mother also claimed that the victim had made sexually laced comments to her son .