AP McCoy 's last chance of a National winner before he retires has evaporated after Benvolio , his intended mount in this afternoon 's Coral Scottish National at Ayr was withdrawn . McCoy will bring an end to his two-decade domination of jump racing after he rides at Sandown a week today . But he will be a spectator in the big race this afternoon after unsuitable drying conditions at Scottish track prompted Benvolio to be scratched . AP McCoy finished fifth on Shutthefrontdoor in the Grand National , but will not ride in the Scottish National . McCoy 's final quest for National glory began in the Irish version of the race when sixth on Cantlow on Easter Monday . The soon-to-be-crowned 20-time champion was then fifth on favourite Shutthefrontdoor in last Saturday 's Grand National . McCoy , who recorded the 4,348 th win when successful on Capard King at Ayr , said : ` It is disappointing not to be riding in the Scottish National but the ground was going to be too quick for Benvolio and , sadly , I could n't do the weight on any of the others . ' McCoy has three rides at Ayr today - Sea Lord , Upsilon Bleu and Lettheriverrundry -- but then is not expected to ride again until the Sandown next weekend . A crowd of close to 20,000 is expected at Sandown with only a few tickets still unsold . A heavily-influenced AP McCoy day will see the venue festooned in banners bearing his name while his 2010 Grand National winner Do n't Push It and Deanos Beeno , an eight-time winner when ridden by him , will be among the champion racehorses to be paraded . McCoy will be presented with the trophy for his 20 championship before the third race , the AP McCoy Celebration Chase in which he is expected to ride Paul Nicholls-trained Mr Mole . Meanwhile , Richard Hannon says he is confident Cheveley Park Stakes winner Tiggy Wiggy will at least stay the seven furlongs of this afternoon 's Fred Darling Stakes at Newbury . McCoy will retire next week , but had been hoping for a final National success before Benvolio withdrew . But evidence will have to be conclusive if the speedy filly , who won six of her eight races as a two-year-old , is to cement her position for the one mile 1,000 Guineas at Newmarket on May 3 . If her stamina is found out , a sprinting career would beckon . Hannon said : ` She has been settling very well at home and she has been here and won before . Hopefully , she will feel at home . ` I do n't think seven furlongs will be a problem and if she gets that there is a chance she will get further . This race will take the freshness out of her . ' Hannon puts 2.000 Guineas hopes Estidhkaar and Ivawood , the Middle Park Stakes runner-up , on Classic trial in Newbury 's one mile Greenham Stakes and Ivawood also has stamina questions to answer . Hannon said : ` Ivawood is by -LRB- sire -RRB- Zebedee , who never got further than five furlongs and he has loads of speed . Estidhkaar will definitely get a mile and I hope they both will . It will be a finding out day . ' The Greenham also features Roger Varian-trained Belardo , the 2014 Dewhurst Stakes winner .