Porto have nothing to prove coming into their quarter-final first leg against Bayern Munich as the only undefeated side in the Champions League . However Julen Lopetegui has warned his side has plenty of room to improve saying the team ` has n't stopped growing ' . When Lopetegui comes up against his former Barcelona team-mate Pep Guardiola , who the former goalkeeper labels ` a winner ' , at Dragao on Wednesday night , it will be a clash of the two most prolific scoring sides of the tournament so far . ` We come into this tie being able to enjoy what we have accomplished and aiming to give our best in both games , as we always do , ' Lopetegui told Goal.com . Porto train ahead of their Wednesday clash against Bayern Munich in their Champions League quarter-finalo . Julen Lopetegui says Porto come into the match able to enjoy their achievement of being undefeated . Lopetegui exits the Dragao tunnel with its Champions League branding in place and ready for Bayern . With a number of new players in the summer still meshing with the squad Porto have room for improvement . ` Many new players arrived last summer , but we have our idea of playing and the team has worked very well since the beginning of the season . ` We started this project with great enthusiasm and the purpose of qualifying the team for the Champions League -LSB- from the playoffs -RSB- . From there , the team has n't stopped growing - travelling on its own path . ' Porto were clinical in their last Champions League start breezing past Basle 4-0 to claim the last-16 tie 5-1 on aggregate , while Bayern demolished Shakhtar Donetsk 7-0 after a 0-0 first leg . Holger Badstuber -LRB- from left -RRB- , Thomas Muller and Jerome Boateng take their turn on the Dragao turf . Pep Guardiola speaks with his Ballon d'Or finalist keeper Manuel Nueur on Tuesday in Portugal . Lopetegui -LRB- top left -RRB- and Pep Guardiola -LRB- second top form right next to Jose Mourinho -RRB- for Barcelona in 1996 . Porto 's defence has also been up with the larger clubs with the lowest amount of chances coming against them as they 've conceded five and scored 24 goals . Atletico Madrid , Monaco and Bayern are the only sides to have been more frugal . Guardiola , a two-time Champions League winner with Barcelona and Super Cup winner with Bayern , showed his former fellow Spain squad member plenty of respect ahead of the match . ` It is an honour for me and I congratulate him already for Porto 's great performances , ' he said in Tuesday 's press conference on Tuesday . ` Porto have n't lost a game in the Champions League this season and I 'm happy to be facing Lopetegui . '