People flocked to Apple 's stores around the world to get a close-up look at the Apple Watch , the tech company 's first foray into the personal luxury goods market . The device was available for preorder online and to try out in stores by appointment , but not to take home . Tim Cook , interviewed on cable television channel CNBC , said initial orders were ` great . ' Scroll down for video . A throng of Apple lovers gathers at its store in Tokyo 's upscale Omotesando neighborhood for their first look at the Apple Watch . Apple CEO Tim Cook showed off his personal Apple Watch to customers at an Apple Store in Palo Alto . Apple predicted on Thursday that demand would exceed supply at product launch . Without knowing how many watches consumers have ordered , Wall Street analysts said it was too early to adjust their estimates for sales of the gadget . Another key factor in the watch 's success will be demand once an initial wave of interest from Apple enthusiasts subsides . The watch goes on sale officially on April 24 , online and through appointments in shops , including trendy fashion boutiques in Paris , London and Tokyo , part of Apple 's strategy of positioning the wearable computer as a must-have accessory . But soon after online preorders opened on Friday , Apple 's website listed shipping times in June for some models of the watch and four to six weeks for others . There was immediately brisk bidding on eBay for confirmed orders for watches , with hundreds of sellers looking to make a few hundred or even thousand dollars by passing on their watches , once received . Customers look at Apple Watches at an Apple store in Hangzhou , capital of east China 's Zhejiang Province . An assortment of Apple 's new watch lies on display during a preview day at the Apple Store in Covent Garden in London . ` Will the Apple Watch change your life ? Well , possibly more than many realise until they start using it . ` After a day or two with the watch , a strange thing happened - I completely stopped checking my phone . ` While Apple may be the firm that really creates phone addiction , meaning we are constantly checking our handsets , with the Apple Watch it may have cured it . ` Apple undoubtedly has another hit on its hands with the watch . ` As more and more apps appear , and developers actually get to spend time with it , I fully expect it be used in ways we ca n't even imagine now . ` Much like the iPhone , apps could propel this to become a new computing platform - and even with the features it already has , the Apple watch is the most elegant way to communicate digitally . ' Mark Prigg in New York . The lowest-priced Sport model on eBay was $ 470 , a markup of more than $ 100 . A top-of-the-line gold Apple Watch Edition was listed for $ 20,000 on Ebay , $ 3,000 more than its official price . Testing Apple 's mastery of consumer trends , the watch is an untried concept for the Cupertino , California-based company . It straddles a technology market accustomed to rapid obsolescence and luxury goods whose appeal lies in their enduring value . At an Apple store in Paris , staff cheered the first customers , most of them men under 30 years old . ` I have everything from Apple , so now I need to get the watch , ' 19-year-old Jeremy Dugue , wearing an Armani leather jacket , said after ordering the stainless steel model at 1,149 euros -LRB- $ 1,218 -RRB- . The Apple Watch sport starts at $ 349 while the standard version comes in at $ 549 in the United States . High-end ` Edition ' watches with 18-karat gold alloys are priced from $ 10,000 and go as high as $ 17,000 . The Watch also went on display in Apple stores across these regions , as well as in Galeries Lafayette in Paris -LRB- pictured -RRB- , Isetan in Tokyo , Selfridges in London , and select Apple resellers in Japan and China . At Apple 's flagship store in New York , Jack Weber , who was visiting from Charlottesville , Virginia , said he would give his wife a top-of-the-line ` Edition ' as a 50th-anniversary gift . ` What more perfect wedding present could there be than this watch , ' he said . Long wait times will likely stimulate more demand for the watch - which allows users to check email , listen to music and make phone calls when paired with an iPhone - with little risk of losing impatient customers , said JMP analyst Alex Gauna . ` You would want to catch up by the holiday season , ' Gauna said . ` But based on what 's out there in Android land , I do n't think there 's an extreme risk in near term of losing customers who must have a smartwatch and will go to some alternative . ' Android is Google 's mobile operating system used on many smartwatches . Reviewers this week praised the watch , which also helps users monitor their health and exercise , as ` beautiful ' and ` stylish ' . Apple 's new watches are displayed at a store in San Francisco , Friday , April 10 , 2015 . Apple has started taking orders for the watch on its website and the Apple Store app . Customers wait in line outside of an Apple store in front of a display for Apple 's new watch in San Francisco . Apple CEO Tim Cook looks over a selection of Apple Watches in Palo Alto . Sales estimates for 2015 vary widely . Piper Jaffray predicts 8 million units and Global Securities Research forecasts 40 million . By comparison , Apple sold nearly 200 million iPhones last year . Apple 's watch is widely expected to outsell those by Samsung , Sony Corp and Fitbit , which have attracted modest interest from consumers . It will likely account for 55 percent of global smartwatch shipments this year , according to Societe Generale . ` Apple will outsell its wearable rivals by a very wide margin but it will do this on the power of its brand and its design alone , ' independent technology analyst Richard Windsor said . ` Consequently , I am sticking to my 20 million forecast for the first 12 months and see the potential for some sogginess in the stock as reality sets in . ' Apple shares were up 0.45 percent at $ 127.13 in afternoon trading on the Nasdaq .