The BT Sport Industry Awards take place in Battersea on Thursday , with AP McCoy , England midfielder Jack Wilshere and Southampton duo Nathaniel Clyne and Ryan Bertrand a few of the sporting stars to walk the red carpet . The awards are held to celebrate and recognise the innovation , talent management and community investment brought through sport . McCoy appeared on the red carpet alongside his wife Chanelle , having bowed out from a glittering career in horse racing at Sandown on Saturday . Recently retired jockey AP McCoy was in attendance with his wife Chanelle for the BT Sport Industry Awards in Battersea on Thursday . McCoy -LRB- centre -RRB- poses with his lifetime achievement award , presented to him by Thierry Henry -LRB- left -RRB- . McCoy -LRB- left -RRB- is a lifelong Arsenal supporter and was handed his award by Gunners legend Henry . Arsenal and England midfield player Jack Wilshere pictured on the red carpet ahead of the award ceremony . Southampton defenders Nathaniel Clyne -LRB- left -RRB- and Ryan Bertrand -LRB- right -RRB- also turned out for the awards in London . Racing driver Carmen Jorda -LRB- left -RRB- seen on the red carpet ahead of the awards ceremony , as was Wayne Bridge and his wife Frankie . It is McCoy 's first public appearance since bringing his time in the saddle to a close at the weekend , going out as a 20-time winner of the Champions Jockey trophy . Arsenal man Wilshere tweeted a picture of himself getting ready to attend the ceremony , writing alongside the image : ` we 're on our way , see you soon ! ' Wilshere is closing in on full fitness and a return to the Arsenal team after a long lay-off after ankle surgery in November , but took time out to enjoy the event alongside some fellow Premier League players . Southampton defenders Clyne and Bertrand arrived with speculation mounting that Clyne could be set to depart the south-coast club at the end of the Premier League season . Southampton manager Ronald Koeman admitted that he wants to know the plans of the England international in a maximum of 10 days time . Other sporting stars such as Rebecca Adlington , Sam Warburton and David Weir made an appearance , as well as racing driver Carmen Jorda . Olympic heroes David Weir -LRB- left -RRB- and Rebecca Adlington were in attendance for the ceremony held on Thursday . -LRB- L-R -RRB- Sam Warburton , Rhys Webb , Alex Corbisiero and Dylan Hartly pictured on the red carpet . David Ginola was seen at the event , one of his first public appearances after he tried to run for FIFA presidency . Two former Premier League footballers in Ledley King -LRB- left -RRB- and Fabrice Muamba also arrived for the ceremony . Adlington is eight months pregnant with her first child and the two-time gold medal winner appeared delighted to be present . Wales international Warburton was joined by fellow rugby stars Rhys Webb , Alex Corbisiero and Dylan Hartly for a photograph on the red carpet . David Ginola was also present , one of his first public appearances since his attempt to run for FIFA presidency . During the ceremony , McCoy , an avid Arsenal supporter , was presented with the lifetime achievement award by Gunners legend Thierry Henry . Henry was asked to present him with an award at Sandown , but was not allowed by his employers , Sky . Channel 4 were broadcasting McCoy 's final two races and instead , Ian Wright filled in .