Disarming images of the North Korean dictator Kim Jong-Un have emerged - apparently showing that he has hurt his wrist . The 32-year-old was inspecting a weapons factory in the country 's capital of Pyongyang in a visit filmed by North Korean Central TV . The footage shows the mysterious dictator waving and smiling to the crowds , with his right-hand wrist wrapped up in a white bandage . Scroll down for video . Pictures from state-controlled media show the dictator smiling and waving , with his right wrist in bandages . It is the latest in a string of presumed health problems for the North Korean dictator , aged 32 . According to a South Korean official , quoted in Sky News , Jong-Un must have suffered the injury in the recent past . ` He did n't have the injury when he inspected a military unit on April 4 , ' the government spokesman said , ` so it must be recent . ' Doctors who have examined the photos say it is unlikely that he has fractured his wrist , and judged it to be a minor injury . The state of Kim Jong-Un 's health is the subject of fascination around the globe , as he presides over the world 's most secretive state . Kim Jong-un resurfaced after six weeks of no appearances in October , walking with the help of a walking stick . There were rumours that he had had a gastric band fitted , or suffering from gout which put pressure on his feet . Pictured here with army generals in 2012 , King Jong-Un is named the Supreme Leader of the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea . He has previously revealed plans to launch nuclear strikes on US cities . In autumn 2014 he vanished for six weeks after he was spotted limping across a stage - sparking speculation that an attempted coup in the country or health problems including a leg injury , gout or a gastric band operation were behind the disappearance . . During that time state media reported he was suffering from an unnamed ` uncomfortable physical condition ' . He re-appeared in October , walking with the help of a black cane .