One of Hollywood 's most respected PRs claimed that the Oscars judges did not want to give 12 Years A Slave the Best Picture Award because it was not patriotic enough to America . According to hacked Sony emails , Peggy Siegal said that the voting panel objected to having a British director paint their country in a bad light . She said that Steve McQueen would not win as the Academy did not want such a dark message about the US to be ` sent around the world ' . The emails also reveal that a Hollywood blockbuster of Dr Who is in the works - but not for a few years . Scroll down for video . Controversial : A hacked Sony email revealed respected Hollywood PR Peggy Siegal believed the Oscar voting panel did not want 12 Years A Slave to win because it was not patriotic enough towards America and were concerned a victory for British director Steve McQueen -LRB- right -RRB- would paint the US in a bad light . The details were included in a database of 30,287 documents and 173,132 emails that was uploaded to the WikiLeaks website after hackers stole them from Sony Pictures Entertainment , the company 's movie division , last November . The database is the first time the information has been made available in one place in a searchable format . WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange said that the documents ` show the inner workings of an influential multinational corporation ' and should be in the public domain . But Sony reacted with fury and a spokesman said that the company wanted to ` strongly condemn ' Assange 's actions . The email from Siegal , who has been called the most powerful PR on the East coast of America , was sent to former Sony Pictures Entertainment chair Amy Pascal in October 2013 . Global perception She wrote in the email : ` This film is made by a Brit that exposes the darkest `` hidden history '' of America , exposing a cruel and brutal segment of our white society . ' She added the plantation owners are as ` terrible as the Nazis ' She wrote : ` The Academy consists of approximately 6,000 white 60-year-old men who are educated , experienced filmmakers who take their voting power seriously . ` They are all fiercely patriotic and very aware of our day by day international standing politically and culturally . ` This film is made by a Brit that exposes the darkest `` hidden history '' of America , exposing a cruel and brutal segment of our white society . These plantation owners are as terrible as the Nazis , who are the only `` acceptable '' cinematic villains . ` As powerful as Brad Pitt is as a producer/spokesman , he will not over expose himself in the states . ' She added that the Academy 's experience of watching the film was ` not pleasant ' and that some might fast forward or turn it off because of the violence . She wrote : ` Many others who have seen it tout the brilliant filmmaking but are a bit embarrassed by the story and more importantly did not `` enjoy '' watching it . ` My point is ... . is this the story American cultural bell ringers want to send around the world as the `` best story '' in the best picture ? ' Two members of the voting panel later admitted to not watching 12 Years A Slave , giving some credence to the claims . But in another twist , by January last year Siegal had changed her tune and organised a lunch for the film , photos of which are still on her website . She was also wrong about the film and 12 Years A Slave did win the Best Picture Oscar . The tranche of emails were stolen last year by group calling itself Guardians of Peace , though it later emerged that it was the work of North Korea in response to the release of the Sony film : ` The Interview ' , a parody about the secretive communist nation . When North Korea threatened to carry out further attacks at screenings Sony cancelled the opening but changed its mind after pressure from the White House . She said that McQueen would not win as the Academy did not want such a dark message about the US to be ` sent around the world ' . The details were included in a database of 30,287 documents and 173,132 emails that was uploaded to the WikiLeaks website after hackers stole them from Sony Pictures Entertainment . The film eventually came out on limited release in December and on the Internet at the same time . But by then the damage to Sony 's reputation was already done . Among the new revelations is that there will be a Hollywood movie of Dr Who - but not for a few years . An email sent in January last year from Andrea Wong , president of International Production for Sony , to the company 's chief executive Michael Lynton explains the plans . Wong writes that she has spoken to Danny Cohen , the Director of BBC Television and that negotiations are underway . The email says : ` He said that while there has been tremendous interest -LRB- and pressure from BBCWW -RRB- -LRB- BBC Worldwide -RRB- to do a Dr Who film , the show runners feel very clear that they do n't want to do one at this moment . ` That said , over the course of the coming months , the show running team is coming up with an 8 year timeline for the brand -- laying out all that will happen with it . ` He says that a film will certainly be a part of that timeline . ` So the answer is that a film wo n't happen in the next year to 18 months , but it is expected that it will happen after that within the 8 year horizon . ' Pascal has already been fired by Sony and is due to formally leave the company next month to set up her own production company . She has apologised over the affair and in a statement said that the emails were ` insensitive and inappropriate but are not an accurate reflection of who I am ' . Among the revelations previously made public was that Pascal called Leonardo DiCaprio ` despicable ' after he refused to star in a Steve Jobs biopic . Renowned Hollywood producer Scott Rudin complained about Angelina Jolie 's ` insanity and rampaging ego ' and called her a ` minimally talented spoiled brat ' . There were also racially insensitive emails between Pascal and Rudin joking that President Obama 's favorite films are black-themed movies like Django Unchained and 12 Years a Slave . Victorious : The film went on to win the award in 2014 . The cast is pictured behind McQueen as he makes his speech . Discussing an upcoming fundraiser for the president , Rudin wrote : `` Would he like to finance some movies ? ' Pascal wrote back : ` I doubt it . Should I ask him if he liked DJANGO ? ' It also emerged that Jennifer Lawrence got paid less than her male co-stars in American Hustle . An early script for the forthcoming James Bond film was made public too along with celebrities ' personal information including Social Security numbers . The Sony statement said : ` The cyber-attack on Sony Pictures was a malicious criminal act , and we strongly condemn the indexing of stolen employee and other private and privileged information on WikiLeaks . ` The attackers used the dissemination of stolen information to try to harm Sony Pictures Entertainment and its employees , and now WikiLeaks regrettably is assisting them in that effort . ` We vehemently disagree with WikiLeaks ' assertion that this material belongs in the public domain and will continue to fight for the safety , security , and privacy of our company and its more than 6,000 employees ' .