Between the sugar-free devotees and the paleo health nuts sprouting advice in forums and on blogs , there are a lot of confusing messages surrounding what foods are best and most for nourishing children . In an exclusive interview with Daily Mail Australia , UK children 's cookbook guru Annabel Karmel has slammed Pete Evans ' controversial bone broth recipe in his book ` Bubba Yum Yum - The Paleo Way ' , calling it dangerous , and said the paleo method goes against everything nutritionists and child health experts recommend . ` Babies need milk - it needs to be a formula or breast milk because it has the nutrients they need and bone broth will not give them what breast milk or formula does , ' Karmel , 51 , said . Scroll down for video . Motivated mumpreneur : British children 's cook book author Annabel Karmel , has over 40 books to her name . Paleo , puhlease ... Karmel believes bone broth instead of breast milk or formula is dangerous and ill advised . As an expert on children 's nutrition from babies through to toddlers , Karmel believes that , unlike Pete Evans ' exclusion diet that recommends bone broth over breast milk , it is all about a well-rounded diet approach . ` Who is going to be making bone broth ? ` I mean , it 's a lot of work and it 's also very low calorie amount of food , ' she said . ` The baby wo n't have any nutrition they need - it 's entirely dangerous and I would definitely not advise that . ' ` Children 's diets are slightly different to adult diets . When they 're young , the whole low-fat high fibre does n't apply to children , they need high fats and not many high fibre foods because they deplete the body of nutrients when they 're young , ' she added . Bad for bubba : Karmel says Pete Evan 's kids cook book goes against everything health experts would advise . ` However , from two years old , provided they 're not underweight , they can have low-fat skim milk , but up until two they should have full fat milk , proper yoghurt and full fat everything . ` Yet a lot of people give them fruit and vegetables for far too long and they do n't have the nutrients they need to grow so children as a result become deficient in vitamins and minerals . ' ` So it 's really important babies have iron rich food , essential fatty acids and nutrient dense foods - which is basically the opposite of bone broth . ` They need cheese because their tummies are so small and they need energy because they 're running around , so cheese , avocado and meat have a high calorie content and that 's really important , ' said Karmel . Fad foods : Karmel says she does n't believe in fads and is against sugar free , paleo and low carb diets . ` So basically -LRB- the paleo diet -RRB- goes against everything that nutritionists and experts in child health would advise and I do n't know where he gets his advice from but I would not advise it . ' At the mention of certain grains and carbohydrates being excluded , Karmel gasped . ` Sandwiches , breakfast cereals , pasta , all of those - are you saying you can not have any of that ? They 're staples for children . If you ca n't get them to eat something you can at least get them to eat spaghetti bolegnese . ` And in their lunch box they 'd usually have a wrap or a sandwich , so what are they going to have ? Bone broth ?! ' Karmel is also an advocate of good sugars despite popular beliefs currently surrounding the move towards complete sugar bans . ` I 'm not into fads , I prefer an all-round good diet but I 'm not a purist either . If a child has an icecream or a chocolate it 's okay as well as long as it 's a part of a good diet . That 's life - if you ban foods , they become forbidden treats and children will want them all the more , ' she says . ` These exclusion diets do n't make sense to me , you need protein , carbohydrates , you need fat , you need essential fatty acids and you need a balance of all these things . ' Karmel crusade : Karmel is out to revolutionise healthy meals for kids with the launch of a new frozen food range . ` There 's sugar and then there is sugar . Fruit sugars are okay , and having an orange juice or a smoothie is okay . While it 's not as good as eating the whole fruit -LRB- where you get the fibre -RRB- they still have a lot of nutrients in them . ' ` It 's almost like juices and smoothies are now being promoted as not good for you -- which is just not true , ' she says . ` Yet , I would have chocolate cake or a bag of crisps in the fridge but my children did n't usually want to eat it because the food I made was healthy tasted delicious it was often better than the unhealthy food . ' Obesity epidemic : Karmel says aside from diabetes and tooth decay , obese children are also not happy . Instead , Karmel believes balance is key . Mothers are working longer hours than ever before and she believes while they all start with good intentions and want to feed their children well , children get hungry , wo n't wait and so mothers are worn down into giving unhealthy , time-poor food substitutes like chocolate , chicken nuggets , pizza etc. . As a mother of three herself , Karmel knows exactly the pressures facing new mums . Beginning her career after the tragic death of her first born Natasha , Karmel became extremely passionate about making recipes that would nourish her children that followed , as well as helping other mother 's give their children food they would eat . Mum to the rescue : Karmel aims to revolutionise meal time for mums with 33 freezer friendly meals in range . It was while she worked at a playgroup that her success in fact began . Sharing recipes with other mums , they praised her meals and suggested she write a cook book . And the rest is history . Her cook book , ` The Complete Baby And Toddler Meal Planner ' -LRB- in which she worked closely with the Institute of Children 's Health -RRB- was born . And despite initially being rejected by 20 publishers , it went on to sell four million copies back in 1991 , making her a guru of children 's cookery . Rags to riches : Karmel 's first cook book ` Complete Baby and Toddler Meal Planner ' was refused by 20 publishers before getting picked up . Now in a bid to help the seven million obese people currently across the nation , Karmel has arrived in Australia to promote her new healthy food range for children in the hopes to be a trail blazer , revolutionise the healthy meal scene for children and help mother 's for generations to come . 1 . Spaghetti bolognese - ` I add five hidden vegetables - onion , leek , tomato , carrot and capsicum . It 's absolutely delicious . ' 2 . Chicken and apple balls - ' With minced chicken , thyme , breadcrumbs , apple , chicken stock mixed and made into little balls . ' 3 . Fish goujons - ` Fish coated in crushed rice crispies and parmesan . It 's different but really yummy and children lick them up with their fingers . ' The freezer friendly meal range is made in Australia with locally sourced ingredients , has over 33 meal options and includes a variety of flavours from butter chicken to oriental food and a five veg spaghetti bolognese . ` Somebody has to do something , children are getting mature onset diabetes and they 're loosing their teeth with all the huge amounts of sugar , ' she says . ` Plus fat children are not happy children , they are not good at sports , they are laughed at , they have complexes and you know you want them to grow up to be healthy and happy . ' She also adds , while mums want the best for their children , it is difficult feeding children and they need help because currently whenever they buy something unhealthy food is pushed at them . ` The only challenge now will be to get mums to go to the frozen food aisle and buy these foods because its not where they expect to find them . '