A city 's communications boss has been fired after she allegedly stopped a tourism photo shoot with a black and an Asian model and told the photographer they were ` not the image I want for the city ' . Rosemary Taylor , communications director of the City of Brookhaven in Georgia , made the ` racist ' remark to hired photographer Nelson Jones at the local Cherry Blossom Festival two weeks ago . After witnessing Mr Jones capture a test shot of models Dominique Jackson , 18 , and 19-year-old Khamlee Vongvone at the event , she apparently went over to him and referenced the two girls . She reportedly told him : ` This is not the image I want for the city of Brookhaven ' . The girls ' mouths ` dropped ' and , moments later , they and Mr Jones were asked to leave the festival by a city official . Scroll down for video . Models : Rosemary Taylor has been fired after she allegedly stopped a tourism photo shoot with Dominique Jackson -LRB- right -RRB- , 18 , and Khamlee Vongvone -LRB- left -RRB- , 19 , and said they were ` not the image I want for the city ' Sacked : Taylor -LRB- pictured -RRB- communications director of the City of Brookhaven in Georgia , made the ` racist ' remark at Cherry Blossom Festival , which photographer Nelson Jones had been hired to take pictures of . Now , Ms Taylor , who had been in the high-profile position for less than a month , according to her LinkedIn page , has been fired by officials for exhibiting ` conduct unbecoming of a city employee ' . In a statement , Brookhaven 's leadership told WSB-TV : ` Rosemary Taylor was relieved of her duties as the city 's communications director after she exhibited conduct unbecoming of a city employee . ' However , Ms Taylor has released her own statement , in which she claims she was wrongly accused in the incident , which occurred between March 27 and 29 , and says Mr Jones was ` unprofessional ' . In the release , seen by the Atlanta Journal Constitution , the sacked employee writes : ` Racism had absolutely nothing to do with my interactions with the photographer and his hired models . ' She adds : ` It had all to do with a lack of professionalism on behalf of the photographer , a conflict of interest , misuse of city funds and money spent unnecessarily . Ms Taylor says she had already decided to hire another photographer after deciding that Mr Jones 's work was ` simply not acceptable ' - and had not discussed hiring models as part of the festival job . Day of the incident : Dominique -LRB- left -RRB- and Khamlee -LRB- right -RRB- are pictured in a test shot just minutes before Taylor approached them and Mr Jones . The trio were then asked to leave the event by a city official , it is reported . Communications director : Taylor -LRB- pictured in her LinkedIn photo -RRB- had been in the high-profile job for the City of Brookhaven for less than a month when she was fired for exhibiting ` conduct unbecoming of a city employee ' ` When I questioned -LSB- Mr Jones -RSB- about the models and why he was posing them in the VIP tent , against the festival 's branding , as if it was a photo shoot , he got agitated and defensive , ' she writes . ` My mistake was getting agitated back , as he continued to tell me he was the official photographer and he had hired top models and this was going to be good for the city . I told him it was n't . ' Mr Jones told WSB-TV that he was pleased Ms Taylor had been fired by the City of Brookhaven on Monday , adding that both he and the models had considered her remark racist and offensive . According to her LinkedIn page , Ms Taylor has previously worked for CBS , People Magazine and ABC . In January , she left her job as Senior Communications Manager of the City of Johns Creek . An internal investigation into the incident is ongoing . Offended : Mr Jones said he was pleased Taylor has been sacked , adding that both he and the two models had considered her remark racist and offensive . Above , Khamlee is pictured , left and right , in Facebook photos .