Bangladesh beat fellow World Cup quarter-finalists Pakistan by 79 runs in the first one-day international in Dhaka . Tamim Iqbal and Mushfiqur Rahim scored centuries as Bangladesh made 329 for six and Pakistan could only muster 250 in reply . Pakistan will have the chance to level the three-match series on Sunday when the second ODI takes place in Mirpur . Bangladesh celebrate beating fellow World Cup quarter-finalists Pakistan by 79 runs in Dhaka . Bangladesh elected to bat after winning the toss but struggled to 67 for two in the 20th over after Soumya Sarkar was run out by Wahab Riaz for 20 and Mahmudullah -LRB- five -RRB- was bowled by Rahat Ali . Tamim and Mushfiqur set about repairing Bangladesh 's stuttering innings and did just that by putting on 178 runs in 21.4 overs for the third wicket , during which time Tamim notched his fifth ODI century . He continued to plunder runs with ease but went for one big shot too many against Wahab and was caught at mid-off to leave Bangladesh on 245 for three with nine overs left . His 135-ball knock of 132 included 15 fours and three sixes . Two sixes in the 43rd over took Mushfiqur into the nineties and he joined Iqbal in passing three figures by hitting Saeed Ajmal for successive fours in the 45th . Mushfiqur perished in the 48th over when he edged Wahab behind to depart for a 77-ball innings of 106 which included 13 fours and two sixes . Shakib Al Hasan -LRB- 31 -RRB- and Sabbir Rahman -LRB- 15 -RRB- scored 30 runs in 2.2 overs before falling to Wahab -LRB- four for 59 -RRB- in the final over as the hosts set Pakistan 330 for victory . Bangladesh cricketer Tamim Iqbal plays a shot during the first One Day International cricket match in Dhaka . Pakistan cricket captain Azhar Ali plays a shot during the first One Day International cricket match in Dhaka . Azhar Ali and Sarfraz Ahmed put on 53 runs for the first wicket before the latter slog-swept Arafat Sunny to deep backward square leg to leave Pakistan one down in the 11th over . Mohammad Hafeez was then run out to leave Pakistan stuttering on 59 for two but there was some respite when Azhar notched his fifth ODI half-century in the 20th over to celebrate his first match as captain in fine style . He and Haris Sohail compiled 89 runs for the third wicket but Azhar departed for 72 when he edged behind and Haris was also walking back to the pavilion shortly after he passed 50 . Fawad Alam joined Mohammad Rizwan at the crease but his stay was short - 14 runs from 19 balls - and he and Saad Nasim -LRB- nought -RRB- fell to Sunny in the 40th over as Pakistan limped to 217 for six with 10 overs to play . Igbal sends an impressive shot flying through the air as Bangladesh turn on the style against Pakistan . Pakistan required an unlikely 113 runs to win at that point and though Rizwan and Wahab put on 27 of those , their dismissals saw the end come quickly . Rizwan reached his half-century off 46 balls and went on to 67 from 58 but fell shortly after Wahab , slog-sweeping Rubel Hossain to Nasir Hossain . Junaid Khan was run out without facing a ball and Ajmal also failed to score as the last four wickets fell in nine balls for six runs . Sunny and Taskin Ahmed finished with three wickets apiece as Bangladesh celebrated . Bangladesh cricketer Taskin Ahmed reacts after the dismissal of Pakistan cricket captain Azhar Ali .