A farmer who has constructed a rather suggestive hay bale structure , which is fully exposed out the front of his property , could face pornographic charges . The sculpture , made out of bales of compressed grass , depicts the obscene intimacy between a cow and a bull . Bruce Cook , who owns Kaktus Point Charolais stud at Lake Charm in northwest Victoria , told Daily Mail Australia that police told him to pull down the model after they received a complaint about the offensive nature of the statue . Bruce Cook has been warned by police that he may face serious charges if he does n't take down his ` offensive ' hay bale structure out in front of his property at Lake Charm , northwest of Victoria . Mr Cook put up his ` realistic ' artwork on Good Friday just for ` a bit of fun ' . He says many passersby have enjoyed his sculpture and even stopped to take photos . But he has refused to do so and further ` told the copper to p*ss off ' despite police warning that Mr Cook could be charged with ` publishing pornographic images ' , the NT News reports . Mr Cook , also known as ` Cooky ' , described his artwork as ` a bit of fun ' which he put up on Good Friday . He says many passersby have enjoyed his sculpture and even stopped to take photos . The 59-year-old owns the property out at Lake Charm and is n't too fazed by the complaints about his sculpture . ` It 's just a realistic piece of artwork so I really do n't know what the fuss is about , ' the farmer said . ` On Saturday morning , I saw about 10 cars parked out the front because they stopped to take photos of the art , ' he told Daily Mail Australia . ` The cop called me and told me they received a complaint about the sculpture because it was indecent . He told me that I could face serious charges if I do n't take it down . ` But I told the copper to p*ss off . I 'm not going to take it down unless I receive a court order . ' Mr Cook says he will be adding fairy lights to the structure tonight and plans to add an extra two calves to complete the sculpture . Acting Sergeant Chris O'Flaherty , duty officer of the local Kerang Police Station , was unable to provide details of the matter but did confirm that police spoke with Mr Cook on Wednesday . Although the 59-year-old is n't fazed by the complaints about his structure , he does n't quite understand why anyone would find it insulting . ` It 's just a realistic piece of artwork so I really do n't know what the fuss is about , ' he said . ` People offended by it must have a dirty mind or are just prudish . ' The 59-year-old farmer said ` people offended by it must have a dirty mind or are just prudish ' And just to add a bit of cheek , Mr Cook says he will be adding fairy lights to the structure tonight and plans to add an extra two calves to complete the sculpture . Acting Sergeant Chris O'Flaherty , duty officer of the local Kerang Police Station , was unable to provide details of the matter but did confirm that police spoke with Mr Cook on Wednesday . He told Daily Mail Australia no charges have been made and the matter is still under investigation .