Freckly-faced carrot tops once mocked for their distinctive hair are flourishing into flame-haired sex symbols as the redhead takes the celebrity world by storm . From Hollywood starlets and musical sex symbols to a certain member of the royal family , according to copper-locked actor Damian Lewis , his hair colour is having a moment on screens both big and small . Whether their rouge colouring is au naturel or straight out of a packet , we 're loving the fiery-haired stars flying the flag for gingers everywhere . Scroll down for video . ` This might be a unique moment in recent history : redheads everywhere are doing well , ' said Damian Lewis . The Wolf Hall star told The Sunday Times Magazine : ` The redhead stock is very high at the moment . ` This might be a unique moment in recent history : redheads everywhere are doing well - Prince Harry , Ed Sheeran , Julianne Moore , me , Lily Cole . ' In truth , many of us have nurtured secret crushes on those with bold barnets for years , with Prince Harry transforming from a cute ginger kid into a bone-fide hot-haired hunk before the nation 's eyes . Then there 's our admiration for the eternal glamour of Julianne Moore , who has been lighting up our screens with her lioness 's mane since the 1990s . The 54-year-old has embraced her natural colour and hopes to help young reds to do the same . She even penned a bestselling children 's book Freckleface Strawberry , about a young redhead girl finding confidence in a world full of blondes and brunettes . Prince Harry transformed from a cute ginger kid into a bona fide hot-haired hunk before the nation 's eyes . Julianne Moore has embraced her natural colour and hopes to help young reds to do the same . For others , the love of red locks stormed its way into their hearts and hair salons thanks to the fiery females in Game of Thrones . Sansa Stark and Ygritte rock luminous-looking locks with porcelain skin , while auburn-haired Melisandre - aka The Red Woman - seduces would-be kings , turning them into putty in her hands . Sophie Turner , who plays Sansa Stark , is in fact a natural blonde , which is what makes her red such a vibrant shade of copper . Turner has said her dyed locks are what get her recognised , and so when she 's not filming for GoT , she goes back to her natural colour . Perhaps the first moment you felt a weakness for a man with a mop of auburn curls was when Eddie Redmayne let out that adorable squeak during his Oscar performance . In truth , he 's only borderline ginger , with his red hue and freckles hibernating in winter . Not that Eddie would know - he 's colour blind , so ca n't distinguish between red and green . Eddie Redmayne is actually colour blind , so is unable to see how gorgeous his red locks are . Of course we ca n't talk about sexy gingers without mentioning man of the musical moment , Ed Sheeran . His tattoos may look as if they 've been drawn in Crayola , but his carroty mop top and ginger stubble do nothing to quash our daydreams of being the woman in his ` Thinking Out Loud ' music video . Or , even better , the woman the song is about . And this singer/songwriter has revealed he does n't plan on changing his look anytime soon . Although the reasoning behind this is more to do with his need to cover his ` non-existent ' eyebrows . ` They have no definition so I just end up looking like a big white blob , ' he joked to The Express . Ed Sheeran uses his red mop to cover up his ` non-existent ' eyebrows . ` They have no definition so I just end up looking like a big white blob , ' he joked . Arguably , though , when it comes to rocking the red , the Irish have it , as proved by the oh-so-cute Domhnall Gleeson . Inheriting his vibrant hair colour from his actor father Harry Potter star Brendan Gleeson , Dom has exchanged his dad 's brutish bushy ginger beard for a tousled mop of strawberry-blond locks . He played the leading man opposite Rachel McAdams in About Time , and while he might not be Ryan Gosling -LRB- who is ? -RRB- , he captured our ginger-loving hearts . Domhnall Gleeson captured our ginger-loving hearts in About Time , opposite Rachel McAdams . Christina Hendricks has recently changed her crimson colour as she says goodbye to her Mad Men character . Back to the ladies , ever since Christina Hendricks strutted onto our screens in Mad Men we 've had a serious case of the green-eyed monster over her hourglass curves and sophisticated strawberry waves . -LRB- It 's lucky , then , that green eyes suit red hair perfectly . -RRB- . But , as she bid farewell to Joan , her Mad Men character , she also bid goodbye to her ruby-red locks , trading them for a golden blonde . She 's said that it was to represent her fresh start , but we suspect it may also have something to do with her being the face of Nice N Easy hair dye ... Flame-haired actress Jessica Chastain is another red dipping her toe into blonde waters , as she will transform her red hair to play perhaps the most iconic blonde of all time , 1950s bombshell , Marilyn Monroe . She 'll also be following in the footsteps of Amy Adams , who temporarily swapped her amber aura for a platinum ` do to play painter Margaret Keane in Big Eyes . Another actress who reached for the dye for a role is Emma Stone , who went blonde for her role as Gwen Stacey in the Spider-Man movies . She actually claims to be a natural blonde , but we refuse to believe her as she was clearly born to be red . Jessica Chastain will transform her hair to play perhaps the most iconic blonde of all time , Marilyn Monroe . Emma Stone claims to be a natural blonde , but we refuse to believe her as she was clearly born to be red . Isla Fisher bucked the blonde beach waves trend from her home country of Australia , swapping them for loose auburn curls . The actress , who is married to Sacha Baron Cohen -LRB- aka , Ali G -RRB- , has said that she likes the fact her hair makes her look different to most , but admitted she got more attention when she lightened her locks for her role as Mary Jane in 2002 's Scooby-Doo . Back in 2002 , Nicola Roberts made it cool to be crimson when she was selected to be a member of Girls Aloud , a girl band created on Popstars : The Rivals . Aussie Isla Fisher swapped the blonde beach waves trend from her home country for loose auburn curls . Cheryl may have hogged the spotlight , but we 've always admired Nicola 's doll-with-an-attitude look ; her pale skin setting off her vibrant hair perfectly . Keeping on the doll theme , Lily Cole reminds us of a red-headed rag doll we had as a child - in a good way , of course . Her pale cheeks and big blue eyes offset the model 's red mane perfectly , making her stand out in a world of blondes and brunettes . Indeed , this glamorous lot go to show gingers should be proud of their out-of-the-ordinary locks . Suddenly our shade seems rather dull ... excuse us , we 're off to call our hairdressers .