They say you should never judge a book by it 's cover , and it could n't be more true of the tough looking , full-bodied tattooed English model Stephen James Hendry . The 24-year-old , better known as simply Stephen James , is now quickly becoming one of the most in-demand models in the industry , and one of the first ever to be a full tattooed one at that . He has lucrative contracts with Calvin Klein and Diesel under his belt , has starred in numerous men 's magazine shoots , and graced the runway at Fashion Weeks . Scroll down for video . Not so tough tatts : The supermodel softy says you should n't judge someone by how they look on the outside . Sydney stopover : Despite a whirlwind visit to Sydney , Hendry stops to take a stroll in Sydney 's Hyde Park . Fan frenzy : Since Hendry touched down , he has already experienced girls screaming and stalking his hotel . Popular with the ladies : Girls arrived at the meet and greet eager to snag a photo with Hendry . And this week , he has landed Down Under to start work on a new campaign with Windsor Smith shoes . The news of his arrival was met with much excitement and hysteria from his Australian fans , who make up a hefty chunk of his 498,000 Instagram fans . Some allegedly have even been following the model to his hotel . ` You just have to take it in your stride to be honest , ' he told Daily Mail Australia . ` Like today for example , I just went about doing my modelling job and it just happens to be that you have to deal with it -LSB- the fame -RSB- when it comes up in that moment . ' Humbled heart throb : Despite rubbing shoulders with Madonna , model Stephen James remains very humble . The ladies of Australia may be in luck if thye manage to catch the busy model 's eye . ` I 'm only recently single - it 's not bad , I 'm having fun , ' he revealed . For Hardy , tattoos were never about impressing people or gaining popularity amongst the tatt loving community - he says it 's always been about expression , art and staying grounded . ` They 're all about different experiences and things that have happened in my life . One of my favourite tattoos for example is of Morrissey , as I listened to The Smiths a lot growing up . ' Single and ready to mingle : British supermodel Stephen James said he is recently unattached and having fun . When quizzed about the Hindu face that covers his torso , Hendry admits it comes from a deeply , personal place , despite the ridiculing tongue poking out that might suggest otherwise . ` It 's about a private moment in my life when I needed more balance , ' he said . ` It features symbols from Hinduism , with the tridents acting as a symbol of protection . It also reflects mandalas in my head and is a way for me to express it and keep balance . ' He likens it to a guiding spirit in his life , as a sort-of expression of his religion and a constant reminder to keep his sanity grounded . No time to waste : Hendry says while fame has happened quickly he plans to just run with it and look back later . ` With fame and all the pressures of having these expectations of being the person you 're meant to be , well this is my own little thing to hide behind . ' And if the humbled heart throb , could n't make girls swoon anymore , he is a big fan of poetry and has portrait tattoos of Oscar Wilde and artist Frida Kahlo , not just because he likes them but thinks there 's more to them than a face . ` I 'd rather have a picture of their face , even though Frida Kahlo has one eyebrow , it 's about liking them for on the inside , not judging about what they 're like on the outside . ' Fan girl mania : English supermodel Stephen James whose famous for his tattoos has landed in Sydney . And while he adds Sydney is very cool and suited to his lifestyle , his time here will be brief as he works on a campaign with shoe label Windsor Smith before jetting off to Adelaide - where for lucky South Australians he will be doing in-store appearances . While Hendry has a busy time ahead of him , he 's excited to just take it and run with it . ` Right now everything in my life is happening so quick , in a year I 've become one of the top models and have one of the largest social followings for a model on Instagram . But for now I just like to take it in my stride , ' he said . ` Maybe when it 's all over I can be like , `` wow ! '' '