Jose Mourinho has launched a fresh verbal attack on Arsenal , branding their 11 year wait for the Premier League title as ` boring ' . Led by skipper John Terry - whose performance was described as his best ever by Mourinho - the Blues produced a defensive master class in a goalless draw at the Emirates Stadium to take a step closer to the championship . Frustrated at what they perceived as the visitors ' lack of attacking intent , home supporters chanted : ` Boring , boring Chelsea ' throughout Sunday 's clash . Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho has hit out at Arsenal and branded their 11-year wait for the title ` boring ' Didier Drogba posted this picture on Instagram of Branislav Ivanovic , Nemanja Matic , Cesar Azpilicueta , Eden Hazard , John Terry and Cesc Fabregas after the PFA awards . Chelsea players prepare to attend the PFA awards ceremony after their goalless draw with Arsenal . Mourinho heaped special praise on to his captain John Terry -LRB- left -RRB- for his ` fantastic ' performance on Sunday . Chelsea forward Eden Hazard -LRB- right -RRB- prepares to take on Arsenal midfielder Aaron Ramsey -LRB- left -RRB- on Sunday . Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger accused Chelsea of being purposefully defensive during the goalless draw . Leicester -LRB- away -RRB- - April 29 . Crystal Palace -LRB- home -RRB- - May 3 . Liverpool -LRB- home -RRB- - May 10 . West Brom -LRB- away -RRB- - May 18 . Sunderland -LRB- home -RRB- - May 24 . Their views were shared by Arsene Wenger , who said Chelsea ` came to defend ' after the final whistle . But Mourinho , who started the game without a recognised centre-forward , hit back , insisting Arsenal 's 11 years without winning the league is truly mundane . ` Boring , I think , is 10 years without a title . That 's very boring , ' said the Portuguese . ` You support the club and you 're waiting , waiting , waiting for so many years without a Premier League title , so that 's very boring . ` But maybe they were n't singing to us . Maybe , when you want to win a game and you 're at home and you take your No 9 -LSB- Olivier Giroud -RSB- off , maybe the home fans want to see Danny Welbeck and Giroud up front . Chelsea are 10 points clear of second placed Manchester City at the top of the table with five games to play . ` The boring team is the second team with most goals in the Premier League , the best goal difference . Only Manchester City have scored more goals than us . ` If you tell the truth , people will fall in love with it . But you have to tell the truth . If you say the truth , you will walk in the truth and people will blow kisses at you . ' ` So I think we scored a lot of goals and , in a period where we do n't have Diego Costa or Loic Remy and have only one striker , we need to work in a way where he can help ourselves with all the matches we are having . ` We changed a bit our dynamic and we are not scoring so many goals as before . Mourinho , whose side need five points to secure the title , has n't needed much encouragement in criticising the Gunners since arriving in England in 2004 . He labelled Arsene Wenger a ` voyeur ' in 2005 , before branding the Frenchman a ` specialist in failure ' last season . The Special One was much more positive on the performance of his captain at the Emirates Stadium . ` I told John Terry in the dressing room that he made some fantastic performances with me but this was his best , ' said Mourinho . Arsenal forward Alexis Sanchez -LRB- right -RRB- shields the ball from Chelsea midfielder Cesc Fabregas -LRB- left -RRB- . Fabregas -LRB- centre -RRB- appeals to the referee Michael Oliver -LRB- right -RRB- after being shown a yellow card on Sunday . Hazard -LRB- left -RRB- tussles for possession with Arsenal midfielder Francis Coquelin -LRB- right -RRB- at the Emirates Stadium . Mourinho believes that Terry 's performance against Arsenal was the best of the defender 's career . ` It was the best JT has ever played . It was absolutely amazing . One performance at Highbury , I think in my first season , that was a fantastic performance , too . ` But I think today everything was clean : reading the game , giving cover , the defensive line , interceptions , reading the game so well , interceptions with a pass . ` The team was phenomenal , but John was one step ahead of every other player . ' Midfielder Oscar , who was taken to hospital with suspected concussion after a heavy collision with David Ospina , started the game at centre-forward . In explaining his decision not to start with a recognised striker , Mourinho , who confirmed Costa and Remy are likely to miss the clash at Leicester , added : ` First of all , Drogba did n't work with us until Saturday so we 'd developed the game-plan tactically , on the pitch , for the whole week without -LSB- Didier -RSB- Drogba . ` We knew that with Oscar we would get behind them like we did so many times in the first half . ` In the second half we played with a target man -LSB- Drogba -RSB- , more on the counter-attack , but every time we recovered the ball on the counter , they made a tactical foul . ' Arsenal defender Per Mertersacker -LRB- left -RRB- challenges Chelsea striker Didier Drogba -LRB- right -RRB- .