The Real Madrid squad looked in high spirits as they prepared for Wednesday 's Champions League quarter-final second leg clash against rivals Atletico Madrid . Cristiano Ronaldo and Co looked in a relaxed mood as Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti put his side through some small-sided games with some seemingly comical results . Dani Carvajal was on the end of some tough love from team-mates Sergio Ramos , Isco and Nacho as the Madrid stars play-fought much to the amusement those watching on . Dani Carvajal is mobbed by Real Madrid team-mates Isco , Sergio Ramos and Nacho during training . The Madrid defender looked exhausted after play-fighting with his Los Blancos team-mates . Cristiano Ronaldo -LRB- centre -RRB- takes part in a small-sided game during the session on Tuesday morning . The Madrid star was all smiles as he took part in training ahead of his side 's Champions League clash . The European champions can expect a different kind of battle on Wednesday night as they look to make the most of home advantage against Atletico . The Madrid rivals players out a 0-0 draw in the first leg last week , leaving the quarter-final tie finely balanced . Ancelotti 's side will be without striker Karim Benzema for Wednesday 's match after revealing the French striker has has ` a sprain to the medial collateral ligament of his right knee . ' Benzema missed Madrid 's 3-1 La Liga victory against Malaga on Saturday , but Carlo Ancelotti had hoped the striker would recover in time . Madrid was already preparing for the second leg of the quarterfinals at home against Atletico without Gareth Bale -LRB- left calf -RRB- , Luka Modric -LRB- right knee -RRB- and Marcelo -LRB- suspension -RRB- . Marcelo -LRB- right -RRB- , who will miss the clash through suspension , laughs along with Ronaldo . Atletico have beaten their neighbours four times and drawn against them three times in their bid for revenge for last season 's Champions League final , which Real won 4-1 after extra time and Madrid forward James Rodriguez expects a tough match . ` We have to show intensity , be completely focused , play well , -LRB- we must -RRB- all stick together . I think that if we do that we 'll come away with an excellent result , ' Rodriguez told the club 's official website . ` We 're all dreaming of getting through this round , and if I can score too that 'd be great . What 's important is winning and getting through this tough match , which is going to be difficult , but we 're here at our home stadium and in front of our fans . I think it could be a great match . ' Sami Khedira -LRB- left -RRB- shares a joke with Portuguese defender Pepe as the players are put through their paces . German star Toni Kroos attempts to win the ball as Madrid prepare for the visit of Athletico on Wednesday . Los Blancos goalkeeper Iker Casillas trains alone during the session at Madrid 's Valdebebas base .