Exeter has been dubbed ` too posh for Monopoly ' after game makers were told there is nowhere low-rent enough to fill the space of Old Kent Road . It 's the most popular board game in the world , with hundreds of versions springing up in far-flung cities across the globe . But Monopoly-makers planning a special Exeter edition have been told there is nowhere low-rent enough to fill the space of Old Kent Road . Thousands of voters have suggested landmarks across the city in Devon to fill the more expensive slots , which are taken up on the London version by the likes of Mayfair and Park Lane . But no one has come forward with ideas for which streets should fill the brown sections of the board , which cost $ 60 in Monopoly money . High-end game zones have been easily filled with locations like the city 's Gothic cathedral , Exeter castle , the Guildhall and modern shopping centre . But Exeter has outdone all previous cities to get their own board - including Oxford , Cambridge and York - in the posh stakes , with no suggestions for the lower end . Game-makers say they have developed boards for cities across the country but have never come across the current dilemma . Exeter City Council Leader Pete Edwards said there were no areas suitable for the brown spots , which are taken up in London by Old Kent Road and Whitechapel Road . He said : ` I think they will have a problem - there is nowhere cheap in Exeter that would be suitable for the Old Kent Road spot . ` I do n't know about being the poshest - but it is such a nice city that no-where really deserves to occupy it . Thousands of voters have suggested landmarks across Exeter to fill the more expensive slots , such as the cathedral . No one has come forward with ideas for which streets should fill the brown sections of the board , which cost $ 60 in Monopoly money . ` The board was designed on the streets of London and it is a nigh on impossible task to replicate that in Exeter . ` Whoever does get Old Kent Road will be castigated for it - and will not deserve it . ' Exeter recently for opened some Britain 's poshest student flats in the city centre - costing £ 1,000 a month - and there are several more luxury developments planned . The influx of well-to-do students - together with the arrival of big name shops and restaurants such as John Lewis and Jamie 's Italian in recent years - has seen a resurgence in the city centre . Resident Nicola Taylor , 32 , of Exeter , said : ` Exeter has certainly got posher over the years and I do n't think there is anywhere that deserves the tag of Old Kent Road . ` I think the influx of rich students has had a lot to do with it with a lot of luxury developments and money being brought in . ` I would n't say that most locals are particularly posh - but just proud of the area they live in . ' Exeter City Council Leader Pete Edwards said there were no areas suitable for the brown Monopoly -LRB- board game pictured -RRB- spots , which are taken up in London by Old Kent Road and Whitechapel Road . The makers of the game have launched a second appeal for recommendations for any Exeter landmark that can replace Old Kent Road , and bosses were sent to the city today to hunt a location down . Dan Taylor , Head of Custom Games at Winning Moves UK said : ` Over the years we have produced boards for perceived well-heeled places - such as Oxford , for example - but we have never come across a situation like this . ` We have had a dearth of suggestions for an Exeter equivalent of Old Kent Road compared to every other location so Exeter could well be the poshest place in Britain . ` But we have to fill this space . As we do every one of the 22 locations from the London original is handed over to an Exeter landmark or address . '