He 's the mysterious young soldier who is referred to by WWI historians simply as the ` Handsome Man ' . But the unknown digger has been drawn into the centre of an Anzac Day controversy after his image was used to front Woolworths ' ` Fresh in our memories ' ad campaign , which has been slammed for commercialising the centenary of Anzac and forcibly shut down by the government . Little is known about the man pictured wearing a uniform and slouch hat . He was a soldier of the First Australian Imperial Force , and his photograph was taken sometime between 1915 and 1918 in Sydney , before he embarked for service . Scroll down for video . A mysterious young soldier known as the ` Handsome Man ' has been drawn into the centre of an Anzac Day controversy after his image was used to front Woolworths ' ` Fresh in our memories ' ad campaign . The studio portrait of the Handsome Man was featured in a 2008 Australian War Memorial -LRB- AWM -RRB- exhibition titled Icon and Archive , with the AWM appealing to the public to help identify him . Since then the AWM received a lot of responses from people with possible identifications but none have been correct . Last week , Woolworths launched its ` Fresh in our Memories ' campaign and website , which attracted a barrage of criticism from customers accusing the company of trying to cash in on Anzac Day . The campaign invites Aussies to create a profile picture and cover photo for their Facebook page , in memory of the service men and women of World War I , complete with the Woolworths logo and a ` Fresh in our memories ' slogan . In February this year , the advertising agency hired by Woolworths to create their Anzac campaign - Carrspace - contacted the AWM asking for images of soldiers . The AWM said it gave the company four image options , including three different soldiers and a nurse . But Carrspace chose instead to use the striking image of the Handsome Man , without seeking permission . A recent online campaign led by Woolworths has caused outrage among customers who have accused the supermarket giant for cashing in on Anzac Day . The campaign invites Aussies to create a profile picture and cover photo for their Facebook page , in memory of the service men and women of World War I , complete with the Woolworths logo . An AWM spokesman said : ` The terms and conditions provided to anyone using Memorial images specifies that images are not to be cropped , overprinted or altered in any way without the prior written approval of the Memorial . ` The agency has not provided the final images and product to the Memorial for its approval before publication which is in breach of these terms and conditions . ' The AWM spokesman added that Carrspace claimed to be working on a campaign in conjunction with Camp Gallipoli and the Returned Services League . But RSL chief Sam Jackson told Daily Mail Australia the organisation was not consulted over the campaign , and Camp Gallipoli chief Chris Fox said he had never heard of Carrspace and had no association with them . Woolworths and Carrspace also failed to seek permission from the Department of Veterans ' Affairs to use the word ` Anzac ' for commercial purposes , as is required by law . The company could face fines of up to $ 50,000 for breaching this rule . The Minister for Veterans ' Affairs has slammed Woolworths for its unauthorised use of the word ` Anzac ' A Carrspace spokeswoman told Daily Mail Australia that all inquiries must go through Woolworths . Earlier on Tuesday the company took down and then reactivated its Twitter account . It also deleted information about its partnership with Woolworths from the company website . A Woolworths spokesman said the company was standing by a statement released on Tuesday night when the ` Fresh in our memories ' website was taken down . Minister for Veterans ' Affairs Michael Ronaldson slammed Woolworths for its unauthorised use of the word ` Anzac ' in an ad and said he forced the company to take the website down . ` The Australian community quite rightly expects that the word `` Anzac '' is not trivialised or used inappropriately and as Minister for Veterans ' Affairs , I am responsible for ensuring that any use of the word `` Anzac '' does not provide commercial benefit to an organisation , ' Minister Ronaldson said . ` In this instance , permission was not sought by the campaign proponents , nor would it have been approved . ' ` Fresh in our Memories ' was launched last week in the lead up to the centenary marking the landing at Gallipoli . Those who are unimpressed by the campaign have branded it as ` disrespectful ' and ` disgusting ' while others also posted their own versions of the Woolworths generated images . Minister Ronaldson became aware of it when consumers branded the website ` disrespectful ' and ` disgusting ' . ` While I acknowledge that Woolworths moved quickly to address the situation , I hope this is a reminder to others that the regulations are in place for good reason and that they will be rigorously enforced , ' he said . RSL chief Sam Jackman said the organisation was not consulted over the campaign by Woolworths or Carrspace , adding that she was concerned over the commercialisation of anything to do with Anzac Day . ` They made an error of judgement in using it in the first place and they recognised that pretty quickly , ' Mrs Jackman said . She added that the supermarket had been a longstanding financial supporter of veterans ' organisations . Camp Gallipoli chief Chris Fox said Woolworths is the principle sponsor of the RSL ANZAC Flame for Camp Gallipoli events this year , which will be held around Australia and New Zealand on April 24 and 25 and will see members of the public camp out to honour the 100th anniversary of Gallipoli . The supermarket 's campaign backfired with customers taking to Facebook and Twitter to vent their anger . The supermarket has been inundated with comments like the one pictured on social media . Mr Fox said his not-for-profit organisation had no association with Carrspace , but would continue to work with Woolworths in the future . ` We 're proud of anyone that stands up as a corporate and supports serving personnel and the RSL and initiatives like Camp Gallipoli , ' he said . ` It 's just unfortunate that this piece of advertising has crossed the line , it 's quite a disappointing thing to see . ' A spokeswoman for Woolworths told Daily Mail Australia on Tuesday night that ` Fresh in our Memories ' was not a marketing strategy . ` It is a website designed in consultation with the RSL for people to share their photos , stories and memories , ' she said . ` As one of Australia 's largest employers , Woolworths has spent months collecting stories from our staff for the site . All profits from the sale of merchandise on the site goes to the RSL . Twitter was flooded with memes of the Woolworths campaign . Pictured is Prime Minister Tony Abbott . A photo of former Australian prime minister Kevin Rudd has also been used in the Wooloworths Anzac Day campaign . ` We are proud to support the RSL and our diggers . Like all Australians , we pay our respects to service people past and present . ` Our small logo on the site is in line with other corporately sponsored Centenary of ANZAC activity . ' The spokeswoman later confirmed the website had been taken down . ` The site was developed to give our staff and customers a place to put their stories to mark the Centenary of ANZAC , ' she said . ` We regret that our branding on the picture generator has caused offense , this was clearly never our intention . Like many heritage Australian companies , we were marking our respect for ANZAC and our veterans . ` We continue to be proud supporters of the RSL and Camp Gallipoli in this important year and look forward to working with them into the future . ' Mrs Jackson said the RSL was not consulted about the campaign . Woolworths refused to provide any comment in addition to its original statement . Other consumers got creative and posted their own versions of the Woolworths generated images .