The scene in the Old Government House Hotel could not be further removed from the horrors of war . There is a soft swell of conversation as afternoon tea is served , a clink of cutlery on crockery , the discreet burble of tea being poured into china cups . Somewhere outside , the clouds part and light floods the lounge . I reach for another scone , ladle on a hearty dose of jam and cream , and marvel that , in this context , 70 years seems an eternity . Rewind those seven decades and Guernsey 's only five-star hotel -- pitched on the hillside above the harbour in the capital St Peter Port -- would have been home to a decidedly less relaxed atmosphere . Seventy years on : St Peter Port in Guernsey is one of the key locations for the Heritage Festival . During the German occupation of the Channel Islands -LRB- 30 June 1940 to 9 May 1945 -RRB- , this stately retreat was commandeered as the General Staff Headquarters . Invading officers would have stalked its corridors . By April 1945 , they would have been wearing sour expressions as the tide of conflict turned back on Berlin , and the Channel Islands -- bypassed by the D-Day fightback of ten months earlier - awaited their salvation . That eventual liberation is being celebrated again this month -- and with gusto . The ongoing Channel Islands Heritage Festival -LRB- 3 April -- 11 May -RRB- is a five-week hurrah of history , parades , concerts and food that will unite most of the archipelago -- Guernsey , Alderney , Jersey , Herm and Sark . This is no small feat . Fiercely individual , the islands have never before combined to stage a big event . But here they have common cause . Liberation Day itself will turn St Peter Port and Jersey 's capital St Helier into swirls of people and music . It is not difficult to find traces of Guernsey 's harrowing half-decade . The occupation lingers in the old German fortifications that litter the coastline -- the swarthy , sinister tower of Fort Saumarez which rears up on the west coast ; the similarly menacing Fort Hommet in the north . Intrigued , I stroll into the stiff winds which burst up from the sea to walk around the hard muscle of Pleinmont Tower , on the south-west shore . It is an oddly unnerving experience , the pillar-box slots in the bastion 's sides eyeing me quietly . When I face the water , I almost expect to feel the chill metal of a machine-gun barrel on my neck . Coastal curves : Guernsey 's dramatic shoreline includes the wide expanse of Portelet Bay . You can go further into Guernsey 's wartime heritage . What appears to be a car park behind La Colinette Hotel on the western outskirts of St Peter Port reveals itself as the hub of enemy communications in the Channel Islands . Hidden down a damp flight of stairs , the former German Naval Signals Headquarters is all but invisible unless you know it is there . This , of course , was the point . Its unremarkable door gives onto a vast underground space which once hummed with radio chatter , semaphore murmur and serious conversation . German signs and instructions are still daubed onto the walls . The bunker will be open to the public as part of the festival -- its secrets brought into the light . The German Occupation Museum at Les Houards offers further perspective , flitting from frivolity to fear -- on one hand the photo album of Freda Oliver , a local girl who dated -LRB- and married -RRB- a German officer ; on the other , exhibits on the inevitable fate of the island 's Jewish population , and copies of the Guernsey Evening Press turned to propaganda sheet . The darkness of life under Nazi rule is most obvious at the German Military Underground Hospital , at La Vassalerie . This enormous labyrinth was carved out by the slave-labour sweat of prisoners of war -- plenty of whom died in the process . As did many of the injured German troops brought here from France after the D-Day landings . With its dank passages and horror-film ambience , the hospital is the definition of an unhappy building . An island guardian : Mont Orgueil Castle has protected the east coast of Jersey since the 13th century . The picture is replicated 27 miles to the south-east . Jersey is a short hop from Guernsey -- around an hour by fast ferry , less by air . Here , the Jersey War Tunnels -- another military-medical complex -- have been restored into something less frightening , with museum displays and fascinating facts slotted into the long tunnels . The side-effects of occupation can be seen here -- the breakdown of society apparent in transcripts of letters where neighbours informed on each other about hidden radios and petty jealousies . But so can the joy that liberation brought . Glorious video footage shows euphoria in St Helier as the news of German surrender broke ; the Union Jack being hoisted at the Pomme D'Or Hotel . The hotel came to symbolise the Channel Islands ' moment of deliverance . In a way , it still does , peering across what is now called Liberation Square , where a tall bronze sculpture captures seven people in the act of raising the flag -- laughing , as if they are flying a kite . Other echoes resound across St Helier . The Jersey Museum and Art Gallery has a catalogue of copies of the Jersey Evening Post dating back 125 years , its photos recalling the war era in day-by-day detail -LRB- albeit through a fog of strict German control -RRB- . The nearby Maritime Museum proffers the Occupation Tapestry Gallery -- a montage of bright images , stitched by islanders for the 50th anniversary of liberation in 1995 , which depict Jersey brought to heel -- armed troops in the streets , the island hemmed in by a ragged circle of fire . And the Jersey Archive is host to a remarkable resource -- over 30,000 of the Occupation Registration Cards which were forced on islanders by the Nazi authorities . There are no smiles here -- just a series of furrowed brows and unhappy faces . Bright days ahead : A view of the pretty coastal enclave of Gorey from the ramparts of Mont Orgueil Castle . The heaviness of the German bootprint is perhaps summed up by Battery Lothringen -- a concrete watchdog which looks like it might still bite . This colossal bunker -- which will also be accessible during the festival -- ` protected ' St Helier from the far side of St Aubin 's Bay . The stairs into its depths seem to go down forever , to gun posts , control rooms and sleeping quarters -- the decades peeling away as I walk in the firm footsteps of the enemy . And yet , just seven miles north-west , it all feels like a bad dream . St Brelade 's Bay Hotel gazes at the water in a rather more benign manner . In the summer of 1940 , it was another German outpost , requisitioned as a hang-out by Luftwaffe pilots . It is not difficult to grasp why it was coveted . Over breakfast , I peer out of the wide restaurant windows -- at waves rolling gently up to the beach , and at St Brelade 's , a pretty block of an 11th century church whose graveyard hovers above the sand . There is no stomp of marching boots this morning -- but for five weeks , the Channel Islands are remembering a time when there was . Aurigny -LRB- 01481 822 886 ; www.aurigny.com -RRB- and Flybe -LRB- 0371 700 2000 ; www.flybe.com -RRB- serve Guernsey from various UK airports . British Airways -LRB- 0844 493 0758 ; www.ba.com -RRB- and easyJet -LRB- 0843 104 5000 ; www.easyjet.com -RRB- fly to Jersey . Double rooms at The Old Government House Hotel -LRB- 01481 724 921 ; www.theoghhotel.com -RRB- cost from £ 188 , including breakfast . Doubles at St Brelade 's Bay Hotel -LRB- 01534 746 141 ; www.stbreladesbayhotel.com -RRB- start at £ 140 , with breakfast . Channel Islands Heritage Festival : www.visitchannelislands.com/heritagefestival . Guernsey tourist information : www.visitguernsey.com . Jersey tourist information : www.jersey.com .