Over the past week or so I 've been speaking to people who knew Jimmy Anderson in his early days . The Antigua Test , of course , will be his 100th , and he needs only four wickets -- a morning 's and evening 's work with two new balls , perhaps ? -- to go past Ian Botham 's England record of 383 . But some illuminating discussions left me wishing I 'd had them before -- and not waited until cricket 's statistical God tapped us all on the shoulder . A few themes recurred : Jimmy would n't say boo to a goose ; he surprised his new Lancashire colleagues by bowling fast and shaping it away ; he was a natural . James Anderson needs just three wickets to go level with Sir Ian Botham as England 's top Test wicket taker . Anderson -LRB- back , second from left -RRB- ` would n't say boo to a goose ' says his old county captain Warren Hegg . Anderson trains ahead of the first Test in Antigua on Monday , which will be his 100th for England . It was this last point that was most striking . Unlike the majority of England cricketers , Anderson did not ease effortlessly through the age groups . There 's even a suggestion Lancashire failed to spot his talent first time round , and needed to witness him at a second trial before they were convinced . Instead , he played for Burnley CC , a club which produced more than its share of first-class cricketers : the Brown brothers , Michael and David , John Clare , and Vishal Tripathi . So when he was finally snapped up by Lancashire Under-17s , he was very much in the raw . John Stanworth , who was then Lancashire 's player development manager , told me that coaches from other counties would pass comment on Anderson 's idiosyncrasies , not least his habit of looking at his feet as he delivered the ball . The retort was a simple one : Anderson was bowling fast and getting good batsmen out . Stanworth was wise enough to leave him alone , with one exception : at one stage , his back leg started coming behind his body , and he began running on the pitch . Anderson and his first England captain Nasser Hussain celebrate a wicket during the 2003 World Cup . England quick James Anderson plays his 100th Test match in Antigua against the West Indies from Monday . A session with Bob Cottam sorted that . Otherwise , Stanworth allowed Anderson to blossom , unencumbered by technical advice . Guess what happened ? As soon Anderson got involved in the England Under-19 set-up , he mislaid his awayswinger . It took Lancashire coach Mike Watkinson -- once a swing bowler himself -- to reacquaint him with some fundamental truths about the art . Anderson 's next departure from the natural game that had served him so well came not long after his first taste of senior international cricket . From now on , the Top Spin will be shorter , sharper , more regular and maybe even more personal . For more cricket-related snippets , feel free to go to twitter.com/the_topspin . Between the end of the home summer in 2004 and the start of the 2006-07 Ashes , Anderson played two Tests -- a disaster in Johannesburg and a triumph in Mumbai . But England had won the 2005 Ashes without him , and he had spent much of the time bowling by himself , at a cone , in some corner of a foreign field or other . For England 's much-praised fast-bowling coach of the time , Troy Cooley , Anderson felt like the one that got away . When Peter Moores took charge of England in the summer of 2007 , he encouraged Anderson to be himself . The rest is history -LRB- and that , by the way , is a feather in Moores 's cap that often gets forgotten -RRB- . Peter Moores deserves credit for allowing Anderson to play his natural game when on England duty . Anderson has always been at his best when allowed simply to bowl his natural away-swinging deliveries . So there you have it . The man who is about to become England 's leading Test wicket-taker of all time has always been at his best when others have left him alone , when his head has not been filled with well-meaning technical advice , when he has just run in and -- heaven be praised -- swung it as naturally as breathing comes to you and me . There is a lesson here for English cricket . For all the time and money invested at the national academy in Loughborough , England 's best bowler has been at his most potent when he has done it his way . In Pakistan , the cricket community intuitively understands the importance of this : Nasser Hussain even described Anderson as ` un-English -- more like a Pakistani ' . In England , the cricket community errs on the side of over-instruction . Thank goodness Anderson stuck to his guns .