Massaging your ` third eye ' , the point between your eyebrows , can help boost concentration , massage therapist Suzi Cinalli says . Do you find your mind wandering , caught in a day dream ? Or hitting the afternoon slump ahead of schedule , loosing your train of thought even by mid-morning ? If you struggle to stay alert , massage therapist Suzi Cinalli , from The Vital Touch , might have just the answer . Here , writing for Healthista , she outlines her six top tips to boost concentration , from cooing over cute pictures of pets , to indulging in a lunchtime yoga session ... Massage your ` third eye ' Massaging reflex points when you have a spare moment at your desk can boost memory and dissolve tension . Apply pressure to your ` third eye ' with your middle finger tip while taking several deep breaths . The ` third eye ' is a point directly between your eyebrows at the point where the bridge of your nose meets your forehead . Press on this point to 3-4 minutes , repeating two or three times a day . The ` third eye ' is associated with the pituitary gland , the pea-sized master gland of the endocrine system . Light pressure applied to this pressure point will boost memory and concentration and relieve stress . Keep pumpkin seeds in your desk drawer . Just a handful a day provides the recommended daily amount of zinc , vital for enhancing memory and thinking skills . Pumpkin seeds also contain omega-3 oils which are great brain food . These oils help build and maintain the myelin sheath that protects our brain nerve fibres - allowing messages to flow freely . If you do n't like pumpkin seeds walnuts are another great omega-3 brain snack you can keep on your desk . Opt for activated nuts -- available from Planet Organic -- for optimum nutrient absorption . -LRB- Activated nuts are those that have been soaked in water and salt for a period of time . This not only increases the nutrient value of them , but breaks down the problematic compounds that help enhance their digestibility -RRB- . Eat fish for breakfast . Swap cereals for kippers and wholemeal toast and you 'll soon ramp up brain-boosting essential fatty acids -LRB- EFAs -RRB- and slow release sugars , needed to stay focused all day . Swapping cereal for fish at breakfast can ramp up brain-boosting essential fatty acids . Oily fish deliver a powerful EFA boost in a form that 's easily absorbed by the body , containing both EPA and DHA omega-3 fatty acids . Low DHA levels have been linked to a higher risk of developing Alzheimer 's disease and memory loss . Other good options include salmon , trout , mackerel , herring , sardines or pilchards . And if you 're serving them on toast , opt for wholegrain granary bread , which has a low-GI and releases glucose into the bloodstream more slowly , a steady blood sugar level will also help keep you mentally alert throughout the day . Take a deep breath . Slow your breath down when you need to focus , do a presentation or attend an interview . Deepening your breathing can change brainwave patterns activating theta waves , a brain state associated with enhanced memory . To activate theta waves switch your breathing to your lower abdomen and start breathing from your stomach and consciously slow your breath . 1 . Breathe in for the count of six . 2 . Hold it -LRB- count to two -RRB- . 3 . Let the breathe out slowly -LRB- count to nine approx . -RRB- . After a few moments you should feel calm and more receptive to new information . To improve memory even further combine deep breathing with mindfulness . Look at cute pet pictures . Next time you 're feeling fuzzy-headed , log on to PetSugar for an instant reboot . Yes , you read that right , far from being the ultimate timewaster trawling through cute kitten photos could actually help you meet that deadline at work . It sounds unlikely we know but a study by Japanese researchers found that university students behaved ` more deliberately and perform tasks with greater time and care , ' after viewing photos of cute kittens and puppies . Just make sure your boss knows that cuddly pets are an all-important part of your new work remit . A study by Japanese researchers found university students behaved ` more deliberately and performed tasks with greater time and care ' after viewing pictures of cute kittens and puppies . Do yoga at lunchtime . Aerobic exercise is good for your heart and health but a lunchtime yoga class will help you stay sharp . After the yoga you are better able to focus and process information quickly , more accurately . In one study , reported in the , researchers gave participants a series of yoga exercises , including isometric contractions of different muscles in the body . The exercises were followed by a meditation session , when participants focused on posture and deep breathing . After the yoga session they were given a series of mental tests . The researchers at the University of Illinois also put the guinea pigs through their paces on a treadmill for the same 20-minute period , keeping their heart rate up between 60 and 70 per cent of the maximum . Aerobic exercise is good for your heart and health but a lunchtime yoga class will help you stay sharp . They found that people who had been for a 20-minute jog were less able to focus mentally on tasks than they were following a yoga session . Also those who had done yoga could learn , hold and update pieces of information more effectively than after performing an aerobic exercise . Breathing and meditative yoga calms the mind and body , reducing distracting thoughts while you focus on your body , posture or breath . The scientists in the study believed that this could have a beneficial , wider-reaching effect on your day , beyond the yoga class , when you try to focus on tasks requiring concentration . This article originally appeared and has been reproduced with the permission of Healthista .