An alcohol-fuelled 14-year-old boy killed a father-of-two in an unprovoked street attack after wishing him ` Happy New Year ' . Kyle Major , from Blackpool , Lancashire , followed his victim - who had just asked his group of friends for directions - and felled him from behind with a punch to the back of the head . Paul Walker , 52 , was thought to be unconscious before his chin hit the ground and died shortly afterwards in hospital . Kyle Major , 14 , punched father-of-two Paul Walker -LRB- right -RRB- in the back of the head after wishing him a happy New Year . The court heard the boy had been ` allowed to run wild ' The court heard how he had been found face down in a pool of blood by a passerby in the early hours of New Year 's Day this year , and that his hands were still in his pockets when paramedics arrived . Sentenced at Preston Crown Court today , Major , who pleaded guilty to manslaughter at an earlier hearing , was ordered to be detained for three years . The Recorder of Preston , Judge Anthony Russell QC , lifted reporting restrictions on naming the juvenile following an application that the public interest in identifying him outweighed the child 's welfare . Teenager Kyle Major cowardly killed father of two Paul Walker in the early hours of New Year 's Day . Major followed his victim who had just asked his group of friends for directions and felled him from behind with a single punch to the back of the head . The court heard that Mr Walker , described by his family as ` a lovely man with a big heart ' , had lost his way in the resort after leaving his sister 's New Year 's Eve party ` in good spirits ' . He came across a group of youths in the street in Sutton Place who told him where he was , including Major who was heard to wish him ` Happy New Year ' . Moments later the defendant and a male friend followed Mr Walker . Major ran off after felling Mr Walker and later texted another friend : ` I 'm scared . Do n't want to go to jail . Two/four years . Do n't say anything . ' He initially denied any involvement in the attack when arrested . Mr Walker was described by his family in the court room as a ` lovely man with a big heart ' The court heard that Major , of Devonshire Road , had consumed six bottles of Budweiser lager and a quarter of a bottle of Jack Daniels whiskey on the night . He regularly drank to excess and was also an habitual user of cannabis . The teenager already had seven previous convictions for non-violent offences such as burglary and theft . Major consumed six bottles of Budweiser lager and a quarter of a bottle of Jack Daniels whiskey on the night . Major regularly drank to excess , smoked cannabis , was in foster care and had seven previous convictions . He had been under the supervision of a youth offending team since December 2013 following various court orders but his response was said to have been `` poor '' and he was described in reports as acting in ` a reckless and carefree manner ' with no regard to the consequences to himself or others . Currently in foster care , Major 's parenting was said to be ` out-of-control ' . Judge Russell said that Mr Walker had been ` vulnerable ' and possibly unsteady on his feet . ` The blow was of significant force to knock a large man down . You had no thought for what you were doing at the time . ` You have a criminal record and you have shown until this matter came to light no inclination to mend your ways or respond positively . ` You were responsible for the loss of this decent man , a loss for which the family will never recover . Your upbringing has been unfortunate and you have been allowed to run wild . '