Sir Vivian Richards believes James Anderson will be remembered as an England great and a worthy heir to Sir Ian Botham . Anderson will earn his 100th Test cap on Monday when England take on the West Indies at the Antiguan ground that bears Richards ' name . Four wickets in the game would take him past Botham 's national record of 383 Test wickets , making Anderson the most prolific English bowler in history . England 's James Anderson plays his 100th Test match in Antigua against the West Indies from Monday . Anderson needs just three wickets to go level with Sir Ian Botham as England 's top Test wicket taker . Sir Vivian Richards believes Anderson is a worthy heir to Sir Ian Botham -LRB- pictured in August 2014 -RRB- . As one of the greatest batsmen to have lived and a long-time friend of Botham , Richards is well placed to judge the scale of Anderson 's achievements and his endorsement is ringing . ` He ranks with the great English fast bowlers , with the Bob Willises , the Ian Bothams and folks like that , ' said Richards . ` They made a great mark and for him to be in that category , it 's a tribute to him . ` He 's done magnificently well . Anderson has got tremendous ability and I guess where he 's at now - four wickets away from surpassing the great Sir Ian - is a tribute to the individual and to his professionalism as leader of the bowling attack . ` I captained a lot of great bowlers and I would have liked Anderson too . ' Anderson has attempted to divert the attention ahead of his big day , focusing on the team 's efforts to come back from a dreadful winter of white ball cricket . Four wickets in the game would take Anderson past Botham 's national record of 383 Test wickets . Richards is well placed to judge the scale of Anderson 's achievements and his endorsement is ringing . But with Richards ' words echoed by Curtly Ambrose , one of the most fearsome fast bowlers to have graced the game , he would be forgiven for getting a touch carried away . Ambrose , speaking at the launch of his new autobiography ` Time to Talk ' , said : ` I 've always liked James Anderson , he is a quality fast bowler . ` To have taken so many wickets in Test cricket is no mean feat because a fast bowler 's life is a short one . To be four wickets away from Botham 's 383 is a phenomenal achievement . ` I want to wish James all the best for his 100th Test but I hope he does n't do too well , because I think the West Indies will win . '