Three new women have accused Bill Cosby of sexual assault , bringing his total number of alleged victims to 38 . Janice Baker Kinney , Marcella Tate , and Autumn Burns held a press conference on Thursday morning in Los Angeles , California , to announce their claims . Their attorney Gloria Allred , who represents most of Cosby 's accusers , said the event was timed deliberately to damage sales for the comedian 's upcoming shows on his nationwide tour . Scroll down for video . Latest accusers : Janice Baker Kinney -LRB- far left -RRB- , Marcella Tate , -LRB- second right -RRB- and Autumn Burns -LRB- far right -RRB- reveal they also claim to have been abused by Bill Cosby . They appeared with their attorney Gloria Allred . Bill Cosby has yet to comment on the new allegations , which have prompted him to cancel a number of upcoming stops on his comedy tour . Allred said the meeting was scheduled to damage Cosby 's ticket sales . Kinney said she was 24 in May 1982 when she and a friend met Cosby at the casino where she worked in Reno , Nevada . She said the three of them went back to Cosby 's apartment , where he gave her some pills . Hours later , she claims , she woke up naked in bed with the comedian - and he told her to keep their encounter to themselves . ` I was mortified at what had happened , ' Kinney said . ` All this time , and for many , many years , I felt that this was my fault . ' Burns said she was a 20-year-old Las Vegas casino worker in 1970 when she met Cosby . Autumn Burns -LRB- left -RRB- said she was 20 in 1970 when she met Cosby at the casino where she worked in Las Vegas . She says he gave her alcohol then forced her into sex acts . Janice Kinney -LRB- right -RRB- said she met Cosby at the age of 24 working in a Reno casino . She says he fed her drugs and she woke up naked in bed with him . Marcella Tate -LRB- center -RRB- said she met Cosby in Chicago in 1975 , when she was a 27-year-old model . She said he asked her to take him to the Playboy Mansion , where he offered her a drink that left her feeling drugged . Speaking out : Burns -LRB- foreground -RRB- said she felt ` out of control ' after drinking the alcohol Cosby gave her . She said she was invited to his suite where he made her a drink , leaving her feeling ` woozy and not in control . ' She said the comedian then forced her into sex acts . Tate said she met Cosby in Chicago in 1975 , when she was a 27-year-old model . She said he asked her to take him to the Playboy Mansion , where he offered her a drink that left her feeling drugged . The allegations have led to cancellations of a number of stops on his live Far From Finished comedy tour . Emotional : Kinney wept alongside her attorney Allred as she gave a detailed account of her allegations . Embrace : Allred , who represents many of Cosby 's 38 accusers , hugged the women after they spoke . Growing case : The three women , who have not spoken out before , are the latest in almost 40 women to do so . Allred said her Thursday conference was held purposely held before Cosby 's May 2 Atlanta show . ` I hope that the public will not buy tickets to his performance and that there will be many empty seats by the end of his performance , ' Allred said . Cosby , best known for his America 's Dad character Dr. Cliff Huxtable on the top-rated Cosby Show , has never been charged over any of the allegations . He settled a 2005 civil lawsuit alleging sexual misconduct . Representatives for Cosby did not respond to requests for comment on Thursday . Cosby 's attorney Marty Singer has previously dismissed similar allegations made by other women as ` discredited ' and ` defamatory . '