Fire department officials in Texas have been arrested after their volunteer firefighter were charged with sexually assaulting a new male recruit with a chorizo sausage . Five firefighters and one 's girlfriend , who is suspected of videoing the attack at Emergency Service District 6 Volunteer Fire Department in Waxahachie , were taken in to custody earlier this week on sexual assault charges . Fire Chief Gavin Satterfield , 31 , and Assistant Fire Chief William ` Billy ' Getzendaner , 34 , were suspended by the department 's oversight board following the arrests on Thursday for allegedly telling the victim to stay quiet . Scroll down for video . Volunteer Fire Chief Gavin Satterfield , 31 -LRB- left -RRB- , and Assistant Fire Chief Billy Getzendaner , 34 -LRB- right -RRB- , are facing charges of tampering with a witness after allegedly telling a sexual assault victim to stay quiet . Blake Jerold Tucker , 19 -LRB- left -RRB- was one of five men who allegedly held down the unidentified victim while Brittany Leanne Parten , 23 , filmed volunteer firefighters sexually assault a new recruit with a chorizo sausage . The board may vote to suspend the entire department at a meeting on Monday , according to NBC DFW . The victim came forward in late March to report the alleged attack , which he claims took place in January . In the recording , men can be heard ` yelling and laughing with excitement ' while the victim is held down and bent over a couch . The group first tries to use a broomstick to sexually assault him and then decides upon the sausage . Satterfield and Getzendaner held a closed-door meeting with everyone after the incident where they told the victim and perpetrators to delete the video and not to tell anyone , according to an arrest warrant . They said that the victim could have taken legal action against the firefighters , but told him ` But you 're not going to ' . The chiefs said that they saw the video and Getzendaner said ` This is some funny s *** ' , the affidavit claims . Preston Peyrot , 19 -LRB- left -RRB- and Keith Edward Wisakowsky , 26 -LRB- right -RRB- , were arrested Monday and charged for the alleged assault which took place in January . Lieutenant Alec Chase Miller , 28 -LRB- left -RRB- and Casey Joe Stafford , 30 -LRB- right -RRB- , were apparently trying to initiate a new recruit into their department . The recruit said that after the attack he crawled to the bathroom and vomited before showering off the smashed up sausage . His department colleagues then reportedly stole his clothes while he was bathing , forcing him to run naked to his car for shorts . Satterfield and Getzendaner face prison time of more than five years under Texas state law if convicted of tampering with a witness . They were released on $ 40,000 bail each , according to the Dallas Morning News . ` We are very , very saddened by the fact that people that we have relied , this board has relied on , the people of this county and this district have relied on have been accused of something so heinous as what has happened , ' a spokesman for the Emergency Services District board said . Satterfield 's attorney said that the affidavit does not show that his client committed any crimes . Satterfield and Getzendaner were released on $ 40,000 bail each . Above , the Emergency Services District No. 6 Volunteer Fire Department in Waxahachie , where the alleged assault took place . The five men thought to have taken part in the act , ranging in age from 19 to 30 , were charged Monday with aggravated sexual assault . Twenty-six-year-old Keith Wisakowsky , 30-year-old Casey Stafford , 19-year-old Preston Peyrot , 28-year-old Alec Miller and 19-year-old Blake Tucker were all charged . Brittany Leanne Parten , 23 , was charged with improper visual recording for using a cellphone to videotape the assault , an arrest warrant affidavit showed . Ellis County Judge Carol Bush said in a statement released to the Waxahachie Daily Light newspaper that Parten is not a firefighter with the department . At least one of the suspects is a lieutenant with the Emergency Services District No. 6 Volunteer Fire Department in Waxahachie . Alec Miller , 28 , posted a $ 75,000 bond and was released on Tuesday from the Ellis County jail . According to the department 's Facebook page , Miller was named the department 's 2014 officer of the year . Neither the Texas Rangers , who are leading the investigation , nor the affidavit , give a motive for the assault . But Ellis County District Attorney Patrick Wilson said `` it was some sort of rite of initiation '' for a new recruit . The Ellis County 's Emergency Services District No. 6 board voted to have the county fire marshal be placed in charge of services in the area , according to WFAA .