The teenage daughter of assassinated Russian opposition leader Boris Nemtsov has started a modelling career reportedly as a way of helping her to overcome her father 's death . Dina Nemtsova , 13 , made her debut in a photoshoot with Russian fashion label Yulia Prohorova White Zoloto . Appearing alongside her mother and Nemtsov 's partner , Ekaterina Odintsova , 37 , the young brunette posed in red and white dresses as well as an outfit with a patterned floral design . Scroll down for video . Debut : Dina Nemtsova -LRB- left -RRB- , the teenage daughter of assassinated Russian opposition leader Boris Nemtsov , is pictured with her mother Ekaterina Odintsova in a fashion shoot after embarking on a modelling career . Glamorous : Dina has appeared in a photoshoot for fashion label Yulia Prohorova White Zoloto . Her mother hopes her new career will help her overcome the death of her father who was shot dead near the Kremlin . Ms Odintsova , who runs her own PR agency , wrote on Instagram : ` Debut fashion shoot of my daughter Dina lookbook for @beloezoloto . ` We have been friends for years with the designer Yuliya Prokhorova who we 're working with and I am very grateful to her for this wonderful shoot . ' Apparently referring to the trauma of losing her father , Ms Odintsova said of her daughter : ` I am really trying to help her to recover . ` I am trying to help her to believe in herself and I hope that this photoshoot will help her . ' Dina , who reportedly enjoys reading poetry and playing rock guitar , is one of two children from the relationship with Nemtsov and Odintsova , the other being her 20-year-old brother Anton . Elegant : Dina posed in red and white dresses as well as an outfit with a patterned floral design for shoot . The height of fashion : Dina 's mother and Nemtsov 's partner , Ekaterina Odnistova , says the family have been friends with designer Yuliya Prokhorova for years . Close-knit : Dina , who reportedly enjoys reading poetry and playing rock guitar , is one of two children from the relationship with Nemtsov and Odintsova , the other being her 20-year-old brother Anton . Odnistova told local media : ` I still can not get myself together . What happened is terrifying . ` Our daughter is holding herself together , but Anton can not believe that his father is dead . ` During the funeral , he touched Boris 's body several times to make sure that he was dead . ' Nemtsov , 55 , died on February 27 when he was gunned down as he walked near the Kremlin with his Ukrainian girlfriend Anna Duritskaya , 23 . According to official sources inside Russia , he was shot by Chechen Islamic terrorists because of his support of Charlie Hebdo journalists that published cartoons of Mohammed . But many suspect the Kremlin was behind the killing because he reportedly had evidence showing Russian involvement in Ukraine . Boris Nemtsov -LRB- pictured -RRB- died on February 27 this year when he was gunned down as he walked near the Kremlin with his Ukrainian girlfriend Anna Duritskaya .