Defense attorneys released some of the training records Saturday for a 73-year-old volunteer sheriff 's deputy charged with manslaughter in the fatal shooting of an unarmed suspect in Oklahoma . The records for Robert Bates include certificates showing what training he received , job evaluation reports and weapons training and qualification records dating to 2008 . Bates ' attorneys said the 64 pages of information include records Bates , of Tulsa , copied and kept for himself . Although there are time gaps in the documents provided , some of the records seem to indicate Bates was proficient in firearms and dozens of other training courses . Scroll down for videos . Apology : Robert Bates became emotional as he apologized to the family of the man he shot dead during a botched sting operation on April 2 . The reserve deputy appeared on the Today show on Friday . ` For the first time today , we feel like someone 's starting to look at the other side of this as far as his qualifications , ' Scott Wood , an attorney for Bates , said after the documents were released . Bates has said he mistakenly pulled out a handgun rather than a stun gun when he fatally shot Eric Harris on April 2 as he lay on the ground . He has been charged with second-degree manslaughter . Bates spoke at length about the deadly incident for the first time on the Today show on Friday , where he was flanked by his lawyer and family members . He also took the opportunity to apologize to the family of the man he killed in the April 2 incident . ` First and foremost let me apologize to the family of Eric Harris , ' he said as he became emotional . ` I rate this as number one on my list of things in my life that I regret ... I still ca n't believe it happened . ' The interview comes just days after Bates turned himself in to face charges of second-degree manslaughter . He was released after posting a $ 25,000 bond . On the Today show , he recalled how he had been in his car several blocks away when Harris , 44 , ran towards him amid a botched undercover gun-sale operation . Video of the incident shows Bates chasing after the man . In an attempt to subdue him , Bates went to grab his Taser , but was unaware he had actually pulled out his gun instead . In the video , Bates can be heard shouting ` Taser ! Taser ! ' When the gunshot goes off , he says : ` I shot him . I 'm sorry . ' Mix up : While on the Today show , he showed where he keeps his Taser -LRB- left -RRB- compared to where he keeps his gun -LRB- right -RRB- . He said that there have previously been cases of officers confusing the position of the two . The fatally-wounded man can be heard daying : ` Oh my god , he shot me ! He shot me ! He shot me , man ' before adding : ` Oh , my god . I 'm losing my breath ! ' On the Today show , Bates said he was immediately hit by shock when the gun went off . ` Oh my god , what has happened ? ' he recalled thinking . ` This was not an intentional thing . I had no desire to ever take anyone 's life . ' He said that the shock remains with him and he is unable to sleep or concentrate . Bates also stood up and demonstrated where he keeps his Taser on his body - slightly below his chest - compared to where he keeps his gun - on his lower right-hand side near his pants pocket . Today show host Matt Lauer asked him how he could make the mistake , when the two pieces of equipment are kept so far away from each other on the body . Support : He appeared on the Today show on Friday flanked by family members and his lawyer , right . ` This has happened a number of times around the country , I have read about it in the past , ' Bates responded . ` I thought to myself after reading several cases , ` I do n't understand how this can happen ' . You must believe me - it can happen to anyone . ' The interview follows reports that Bates , a millionaire insurance broker , had been allowed to ` play cop ' after he donated pricey equipment to the department - a claim he called ` unbelievably unfair ' . Bates , who is among several well-to-do Tulsa residents who moonlight as reserve deputies , has purchased five vehicles for the police force . The Tulsa County volunteer deputy disputed earlier this week a Tulsa World report that sheriff 's office supervisors were ordered to falsify his training records . Shot dead : Eric Harris , who is pictured with his son Aidan , was killed in the incident on April 2 . Shooting : This photo shows a deputy bending down to pick up Bates 's dropped gun following the accidental shooting in Tulsa earlier this month . Harris is being held down on the ground , out of shot , by other deputies . Terrified : The fatally-wounded man , who is being held by his neck and back by the deputies -LRB- pictured -RRB- , says : ` Oh my god , he shot me ! He shot me ! He shot me , man . ' He then adds : ` Oh , my god . I 'm losing my breath ' The World said at least three of Bates ' supervisors were transferred for refusing to go along with the requests , and said it consulted multiple sources who spoke on condition of anonymity , but it gave no indication how those sources were familiar with the situation . Harris ' family attorney -- who had questioned Bates ' qualifications as a reserve deputy -- did not return a message seeking comment Saturday . A call to the district attorney 's office rang unanswered , and the sheriff 's office referred questions to Wood . ` I want to do everything I can to make sure that people know that this allegation of falsified records is not true , ' Wood said . His lawyer added that the report was largely based on claims made by a man who was terminated from the department seven years ago , at which point Bates had only been there a few months . Charged : Harris -LRB- pictured left -RRB- died from his injuries and Bates -LRB- right in his mug shot -RRB- has been charged with second-degree manslaughter . He faces four years in prison if he is convicted . Confusion : An image shows a Taser and a handgun similar to the weapons Bates was carrying . He mistakenly thought he was holding a Taser , not his handgun , when he fatally shot Eric Harris . Bates is classified by the Tulsa County Sheriff 's Office as an ` advanced reserve ' . This means that he went through 480 hours training of the ` Field Training Officer ' or FTO . In his statement to investigators , Bates said he had previously attended a five-day homicide school in Dallas and also received ` active shooter response training ' with the Maricopa County Sheriff 's Office in Arizona . He also claims to have been involved in ` at least 100 other ' assignments . But the sources who spoke to Tulsa World claimed that the reserve deputy was not properly trained to be an armed deputy , despite Sheriff Stanley Glanz saying otherwise . Indeed , Sheriff Glanz and Bates ' own legal team have repeatedly produced records which they claim prove he was an ` advanced reserve ' and had undergone 480 hours training . However , when asked to produced proof that Bates was certified to use three weapons , including the revolver he fired at Harris , the Sheriff 's Office say they have been unable to find the paperwork . Bates faces four years in prison if convicted .