Having fathered 40 children by 20 different women , Mike Holpin has enjoyed his fair share of intimacy . But seemingly unsatisfied with his gaggle of offspring , scorned former lovers and being engaged for the fourth time , the 56-year-old is showing no signs of settling down soon . For despite being set to marry , the alcoholic benefits claimant still has a live profile on the site where he met his bride-to-be . Despite being engaged for the fourth time and having already fathered 40 children by 20 different women , Mike Holpin still has an active online dating profile . Offering a half-grin to the camera with his signature pony-tail tucked away from view , Holpin tells prospective conquests : ` I love my kids , ' in a brief biography on his Plenty of Fish account . Listed among his hobbies is watching TV and playing computer games - a luxury indulged by the taxpayer who footed the bill for his three 48in widescreen television sets , as revealed earlier this week . But while Holpin paints himself as a doting father , one of his many children has spoken out to confirm the feeling is not mutual . In an interview with the Sunday Mirror , two of his sons have revealed they wish they 'd never even come into contact with him . Fearful that any girl he meets during a night out may be his sister , care worker Mike Holpin Junior , 22 , said dramatically : ` I wish I 'd never met my dad . I 'd rather be related to Hitler than to him . ' Younger brother Luke , 21 , said so bad was his father 's womanising , his mother once tried to stab him with a butter knife after being duped out of money to buy new motorbikes . ` As soon as the money dried up he moved on . It devastated her . ` She caught him snogging another woman in the garden and tried to stab him with a butter knife . ' ` I wo n't stop ' : Father of 40 Mike Holpin , left and right with his fiancée Diane , is said to have cost taxpayers £ 4.3 million in benefits and other costs because of his huge family . Family : Holpin says that he loves sex and wo n't use contraception - even though 16 of his children were taken into care . The brothers also claimed their father spent the majority of his benefits payouts on alcohol and new bikes . Earlier this week it was revealed Holpin had cost the taxpayer an estimated £ 4million in benefits and care costs by fathering so many children . At least 16 have been taken off him and their mothers and placed into care . CARE COSTS : Mike Holpin says 16 of his children were taken into care . A placement in local authority care costs an average of £ 150,000 a year . If they each spent just a year in care , the bill would be £ 2.4 million . CHILD BENEFIT : £ 1,000 per annum for the eldest child , plus £ 700 per year for each additional child , which would be claimed by the person looking after the child . Assuming half his children are now adults and half are still entitled to child benefit , the bill would be at least £ 500,000 . Child tax credits would have been worth an average of £ 2,000 per year , per child if the parents were not working . That 's £ 800,000 . HIS BENEFITS : Mr Holpin claims he has received up to £ 27,000 a year in benefits , totalling £ 675,000 . TOTAL BILL : £ 4,375,000 . Despite not being able to recognise all of his children in the street , Holpin is in no rush to stop reproducing . Leaping to his defence , fiancee Diane Morris , 46 , told The Sun : ` He 's a good guy . He 's been unfaithful but that 's all in the past ' . One of his youngest children , a three-year-old girl , was born after he agreed to help a childless couple have a baby . He said : ` I helped them by having sex with her . For all my sins I have done one or two things right ' . One of his children , Hayley , 25 , who is also unemployed , said : ` He was a p *** head but he 's done well . I 'm proud , ' she told The Sun . But Mr Holpin 's brother , David , 59 , said the former fairground worker 's ` shocking ' behaviour had brought ` shame ' on the family . David Holpin , from Erith , Kent , added : ` I lost touch with Mike when I moved to Kent 18 years ago -- he did n't have a phone so we could n't keep in touch . ` It would n't surprise me if he had 40 children , the way he carries on . His behaviour is shocking . ` I 'm not ashamed of Michael , but I 'm upset about the way our family name has been tarnished . ` He has brought shame on us , and we are a good family . ' His relationships have broken down because of his drinking and womanising , and the recovering alcoholic says 16 of his children have been taken into care at some stage in their lives . Addicted : Holpin plays on his three £ 450 PS4 consoles for up to 20 hours a day - all paid for by benefits . Keeping track : Mr Holpin , from Ebbw Vale in Monmouthshire , shows off his family tree tattoo - which includes his children and grandchildren . If they had completed just one year in care each , it would leave the taxpayer with a bill for £ 2.4 million . Mr Holpin or the children 's mothers would also have been able to claim at least £ 500,000 in child benefit and a further £ 800,000 in child tax credits . On top of this , he has claimed at least £ 675,000 in benefits himself . Yet the feckless dad , of Ebbw Vale in South Wales , said : ` I 'll never stop -LSB- having children -RSB- . Never stop . In the Bible , God says go forth and multiply . I 'm doing what God wants . ` I 'm as fertile as sin . I do n't believe in contraception and I love sex ' . He was the subject of a Channel 5 documentary this week , but last night former friends said Holpin 's claim to 40 children -- aged between three and 37 -- was nonsense . And as 40 Kids By 20 Women aired , his ex-wife Petrina told of her embarrassment on Facebook , writing : ` Feeling Asshamed ' -LRB- sic -RRB- . Mr Holpin , who lives in a council house and claims benefits , said he was a changed man who no longer drank alcohol . But he still wants more children . ` Most of my kids have gone through the care system . ` It makes me feel like s *** because they 've suffered . They -LSB- social services -RSB- took them from me because I 'm an alcoholic . I 'm still an alcoholic -- I just do n't practise it . ' TaxPayers ' Alliance chief executive Jonathan Isaby said : ` It is the lack of shame that really sticks in the throat and taxpayers will be furious . Offspring : Holpin admits his lifestyle led to 16 of his children being taken into care but says he wants to make it up to them . ` It is sheer arrogance to keep having children as if they were hot dinners and expect other people to pick up the bill . ' But former friends say Mr Holpin 's boasts are off the mark , and that he has fathered as few as 16 children with three women . One said he had ` padded ' his numbers by including his ex-partner 's stepchildren . He added : ` He 's no angel after a drink but he is n't the big ladies ' man that he likes to think he is . ` He 's definitely had a football team 's worth of little ' uns -- maybe 16 -- just because he 's not fussy and not careful . But no way has he got two rugby teams and all the subs to make it up to 40 . ' Mr Holpin and his family are infamous in the former mining town of Ebbw Vale , where locals have launched petitions to stop him moving into their street . He now lives with his fiancee Diane Morris , ten years his junior , in a council house in the village of Cwm . Mr Holpin 's daughter Rhiannon , 19 , said on Facebook yesterday : ` You can all hate but it does n't matter , there 's plenty of us to stick up for each other and we can take on the lot of you . ` I feel like I ca n't even leave my house without people judging . Get off my back , I did n't ask my dad to do what he 's done with his life . ' Dream : Mr Holpin says being reunited with his huge brood would complete him and make his life perfect . Day out : Mike and Diane with some of the children at their local bowling alley . New life : The father-of-40 lives with his fiancée Diane Morris , ten years his junior , and they live in a two-bed council house in South Wales .