Most brides spend months searching for the perfect accessories on their big day - but a knee-high cast and NHS-issue crutches are n't exactly on the list . However , Kimberley Donoghue , 28 , from Ponthenri near Carmarthen , was forced to hobble down the aisle after breaking her leg and a bone in her foot just four days before her wedding . Wearing the heavy white cast beneath her fairy tale dress , her father wheeled her into church and she sat down to say her vows . Kimberley Donoghue , 28 , from South Wales wore her leg in plaster under her dress , and has decided to postpone the official wedding photographs until the plaster is off . Ironically , the accident when she was preparing for the day . She said : ` I was carrying a box of wedding decorations down stairs when I suddenly fell . ` Once I got to the bottom of the stairs I knew straight away it was broken . ` Within an hour I was at the hospital and I was told I had a broken leg and I had fractured a bone in my foot . Kimberley says she 'd spent a year planning her big day without any problems , until her leg hitch . ` I knew something had to go wrong , ' she said . The 28-year-old was wheeled into church by her dad and had to sit to take her vows , after falling down stairs carrying decorations just four days before the wedding . Kimberley says it was difficult getting down the aisle , but she ` would n't change it for the world ' . The family are planning another party in the summer to celebrate without her cast . But Kimberley and new husband Calvin , 29 , went ahead with tying the knot at their village church . She said : ` It was difficult getting down the aisle as I had quite a big dress and I had the crutches too . ` It was a hard day but it was brilliant . The florists were amazing and blinged up my crutches . ` I would n't change it for the world , well , maybe not the broken leg . ' She says the family are planning another party in the summer to celebrate without her cast . They 've also postponed the official wedding photographs until the plaster is off . Kimberley 's aunt Sian Jones said : ` The day was fantastic . We were all so proud of her for being so brave and strong all day . ` It was very emotional when she came up the aisle . '