Bayer Leverkusen defender Emir Spahic could face a lengthy ban after video footage emerged appearing to show him fighting and aiming a headbutt at stewards after a defeat by Bayern Munich on Wednesday night . Spahic was substituted in the 90th minute with an ankle injury as Bayer crashed out of the Germany 's DFB-Pokal at the quarter-final stage , losing 5-3 on penalties after 120 goalless minutes at the BayArena . But amateur footage from after the game shows the Bosnian defender involved in an altercation with stewards along the side of the pitch , where he had to be restrained by pitchside staff who were believed to have stopped his friends from walking between the stadium 's West and East stands . Bayer Leverkusen defender Emir Spahic could face a lengthy ban after appearing to fight with stewards . After initially being restrained -LRB- first photo -RRB- , Spahic became involved in a clash with staff after the game . Spahic later seemed to aim a headbutt at a member of stadium staff , even after the angry clash had died down . Spahic is pictured taking on Bayern Munich 's Philipp Lahm for the ball during the DFB-Pokal quarter-final . The incident has been referred to the public prosecutor in Cologne and could now be investigated by police . Spahic will issue an apology for his behaviour . A Bayer spokesman said : ` It is clear that there has been a physical dispute after the final whistle . We will review the incident and try to clarify now who was there and why they were there . ' In the video Spahic , wearing a red club top , is at first restrained by two stewards as members of his group clash with the stadium staff . Spahic is seen breaking away from the clutches of two stewards to assist his friends in the melee . Footage shows Spahic seeming to throw his hands into the faces of some of the yellow-jacketed staff . After breaking free , the 34-year-old joins the melee and appears to throw his hands into the faces of multiple stewards before aiming a headbutt at another even when the brawl dies down . Spahic is expected to miss his side 's trip to face Mainz in the Bundesliga on Saturday through injury but he could be in line for a longer spell on the sidelines if action is taken after the incident on Wednesday night . Bayer are fourth in the Bundesliga , two points behind Borussia Monchengladbach in the race for a Champions League place and trailing runaway leaders Bayern by 19 points . Spahic tackles Muller on Wednesday , and he has been one of Bayer 's star performers so far this season . The Bosnian midfielder also appeared for his country during the recently international break against Austria .