The legal adviser to Alison Saunders was a barrister in the same chambers as the son of Lord Janner -LRB- pictured -RRB- , it has emerged . The legal adviser to Alison Saunders was a barrister in the same chambers as the son of Lord Janner , it emerged last night . The Crown Prosecution Service confirmed that the Director of Public Prosecutions consulted Neil Moore -- a barrister at 23 Essex Street where Daniel Janner worked -- over whether to prosecute Lord Janner , The Times reported . And senior police officers probing allegations of child abuse offences against the Labour peer have reportedly raised concerns about Mr Moore 's involvement in the decision to not proceed with his trial . Last night a CPS spokesman said Mrs Saunders made the decision not to prosecute on her own , and that Mr Moore told her he had been in chambers with Lord Janner 's son before discussing the case . He said Mr Moore had acted properly at all times . In a further blow to Mrs Saunders , senior Conservative politican David Davis last night labelled her ` the worst DPP in modern times ' . He told The Sun that the treatment of journalists charged with paying public officials was ` heavy-handed and lacking in judgment ' . Mrs Saunders said it was her job to make ` very difficult decisions ' , but the Lord Janner row showed no sign of abating last night . The DPP justified her decision not to prosecute by saying experts agreed Lord Janner , 86 , was in poor health due to advanced Alzheimer 's disease . But she admitted the former Leicester West MP should have been charged three times before -- in 1991 , 2002 and 2007 . Mrs Saunders said it was her job to make ` very difficult decisions ' , but the Lord Janner row showed no sign of abating last night . Mrs Saunders blamed police and prosecutors and launched an independent review , but her remarks stoked fears of an establishment cover-up . Yesterday , calls grew for a judicial review of the decision , which Leicestershire Police said it was considering . Simon Danczuk , the Labour MP who exposed Liberal MP Cyril Smith as a paedophile , said criticism of Mrs Saunders suggested something had ` clearly gone very badly wrong ' , adding : ` It 's hard to see how her position remains tenable . ' More questions emerged about Lord Janner 's health last night as it was revealed he wrote to the House of Lords a fortnight ago to extend his role .