Ed Miliband has been getting a lot of praise for admitting that he ` blubbed ' while watching Pride , a British film released last year . It 's a rose-tinted , nostalgic look back at a critical moment in 20th-century British history . Every drop of sentiment is wrung out of the story , with brave young men and women risking their lives to take on an evil dictator . So what is it about , this heartwarming tale of British derring-do ? The Battle of Britain ? The Falklands crisis ? The Iraq War ? Scroll down for video . Labour leader Ed Miliband confessed that he ` blubbed ' during the British film Pride that centres on the 1984 miners ' strike . No . It centres on the 1984 miners ' strike and the plucky underdogs are a London-based group of gays and lesbians who travel to South Wales to express their solidarity with the local branch of the National Union of Mineworkers . Needless to say , the evil dictator who they 're fighting is Margaret Thatcher . Miliband received a lot of praise for admitting that he had a weep . What a surprise that such a storyline led the Labour leader to exclaim : ` Justine -LSB- his wife -RSB- and I watched it recently and blubbed . ' I 'm sure Pride is n't the only British film that the right-on Milibands will have cried their way through . For there have been so many over recent years that mythologised the ` brave and downtrodden ' workers whose lives are made miserable by the Tories . In truth , these movies -- Pride , Billy Elliot -LRB- also a piece of miners ' strike propaganda that depicted Thatcher as the Devil incarnate -RRB- , Made In Dagenham -LRB- about a car factory strike -RRB- and The Full Monty -LRB- about a group of redundant Sheffield steelworkers forced to strip naked to make money -RRB- -- might as well have been party political broadcasts for Labour . For the keystone of these Left-wing propaganda films is a pernicious rewriting of history , portraying Britain 's recent past as a battle between heroic trade unionists , fighting to defend the poor and the vulnerable , and unfeeling bosses , bulldozing everything in their path in the ruthless pursuit of making money for their capitalist overlords . There is no acknowledgment by the film-makers that the unions ' greed and bully-boy tactics all but destroyed the British economy , or that their beloved welfare state -LRB- which has actually created a terrible dependency culture in many parts of the country -RRB- relies on a strong , unsabotaged economy to keep it afloat . The film Pride achieves a double whammy by venerating not one but two sacred cows of the Left : bolshie unions and minorities -LRB- in this case , homosexuals -RRB- . Naturally , it does n't take long for the union bosses to recognise that the life-and-death struggle faced by gays and lesbians is very similar to that of their Welsh colliery members . Scroll down for video . Wringing every drop of emotion from Left-wing audiences , the director ends the film with a scene showing bus-loads of miners turning up to support a gay pride march in London 's Hyde Park , as singer Billy Bragg 's There Is Power In A Union comes blasting over the soundtrack . Strangely absent from the story , of course , is any reference to the role the NUM played in bringing down successive British governments -- both Conservative and Labour alike -- and its contribution to the terrible industrial unrest that gripped Britain in the Seventies and culminated in the Winter of Discontent . Nor is there any mention of the attempt by Arthur Scargill , the loony-Left leader of the NUM , to persuade communist Russia -- not to mention Colonel Gaddafi -- to bankroll the strike , which his members had n't even had the right to vote for in a fair ballot . Billy Elliott is another film about ` brave and downtrodden ' workers whose lives are made miserable by the Tories . The same historical revisionism is exhibited in Made In Dagenham , about women workers walking out on strike at the Ford car factory in East London in 1968 , demanding equal pay with male employees . As with Pride , the dramatic heart of the story is a conflict between two groups of Left-wing activists who gradually learn to make common cause -- in this case , male and female shop-floor workers . At no point in the film is any sympathy shown towards the employers struggling to keep the firm competitive . The viewer is expected to assume that the demands of the strikers are completely justified . Made In Dagenham 's political message could n't be clearer , and it ends on a triumphant note with the passing of the Equal Pay Act by a Labour government in 1970 . A more honest assessment of the British car industry would have featured the way union firebrands such as Derek Robinson -- ` Red Robbo ' -- at British Leyland helped to destroy it and did so much damage to the economy at large . Indeed , a more realistic ending to Made In Dagenham would have pointed out that the Ford factory which once employed 40,000 people now has fewer than 4,000 , thanks , in part , to rising labour costs -- pushed up by militant unions . Brassed off starring Pete Postlethwaite and Ewan McGregor portrayed Margaret Thatcher as an orge . Then again , that would have meant acknowledging the inconvenient truth that the trade unions played a big role in the postwar decline of Britain 's industrial base . Perhaps the most glaring omission from such Left-wing propaganda movies is any concession that the policies of Margaret Thatcher were a necessary corrective to the chaos and pessimism of the Seventies . The fact is that her government inherited a country on the brink of political and economic collapse and restored it to rude good health , able to hold its head up high again in the world . But in so many Left-inspired British films of the past 25 years , whether Brassed Off -LRB- about a colliery band facing the closure of their coalmine by a Tory government -RRB- , The Full Monty or Billy Elliot , Thatcher is portrayed as a wrecking ball determined to destroy traditional working-class communities and replace nice Left-wing values with nasty Right-wing ones . Inevitably , the period before Thatcher is depicted as a golden age , a pastoral idyll straight out of a Hovis commercial , while the Britain she left behind is portrayed as a money-grubbing spiritual wasteland . Is it any wonder that such films make Ed Miliband , brought up by a Marxist academic father , ` blub ' ? The only exception to this disgraceful series of truth-twisting films was The Iron Lady , in which Britain 's first female Prime Minister was shown in a more nuanced light , almost in spite of its makers ' Left-wing instincts . Made In Dagenham is about women workers walking out on strike at the Ford car factory in East London in 1968 , demanding equal pay with male employees . It is broadly unsympathetic -- there are plenty of scenes in which she is seen to be suffering from dementia , which suggests an element of hostility -- but actress Meryl Streep brings such depth and humanity to the lead role that Baroness Thatcher emerges as a more complex figure than the bogeyman of Left-wing mythology . Not surprisingly , The Iron Lady was condemned by many in the British film establishment for being ` shallow ' and ` superficial ' , an example of ` self-important ' film-making . No doubt if it had depicted Thatcher as a cruel monster , the same critics would have acclaimed it an out-and-out masterpiece . But not to worry . This mistake was corrected the following year by Labour-supporting Danny Boyle . In his lavish £ 27 million opening ceremony for the London 2012 Olympics he made no direct reference to Britain 's greatest postwar Prime Minister -- which was odd in itself -- but left viewers in no doubt about his view of Thatcherism . Once again we were treated to the familiar Left-wing version of Britain 's history , in which top-hatted Tory industrialists , determined to despoil the country with dark satanic mills , are stopped in their tracks by an alliance of suffragettes , trade unionists and lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender activists . Boyle 's collaborator , Frank Cottrell Boyce , condemned Thatcher for being ` insufficiently British ' and said ` although she draped herself in the Union Flag , she never seemed to understand this country ' . The Iron Lady was condemned by many in the British film establishment for being ` shallow ' and ` superficial ' , an example of ` self-important ' film-making . The truth is , it 's the Left that does n't understand contemporary Britain . We are not a drab , depressed country , riven with class divisions and grotesque inequality , as you would think from watching films such as Pride and Billy Elliot . On the contrary , crime is lower , life expectancy higher and the standard of living better than at any time in our past . The rights of women , gays and ethnic minorities are all robustly defended by politicians of both Left and Right , and our schools and hospitals have never been better -LRB- or more lavishly funded -RRB- . Britain now has the fastest-growing economy in the Western world , with more jobs being created last year in Yorkshire -- ironically , the county where so many of these Left-wing propaganda films have been set -- than in the whole of France . Could n't we have just one home-grown film that celebrates the miracle that is modern Britain and brings a tear of pride to us all , rather than Left-wing drivel that triggers ` blubbing ' from Ed Miliband ?