For those in the throes of their first year of parenthood , one woman knows exactly how tired you feel . Illustrator Lucy Scott , from Edinburgh , had her first baby in 2012 , and found that nothing could have prepared her for the roller coaster ride that ensued . She proceeded to capture every experience in a new book , Doodle Diary of a New Mom : An Illustrated Journey Through One Mommy 's First Year , which chronicles this emotional , often fraught time in a new parent 's life in a series of wry , honest illustrations . ` The Joy of Long Car Journeys ' : Lucy Scott 's doodle book honestly chronicles the difficult realities of the first year of parenthood . ` Actual Torture ' : The book looks at tricky situations such as breastfeeding and not being able to reach your phone to keep yourself entertained . Edinburgh-born illustrator Lucy Scott created the book after she gave birth to her first child in 2012 . Scott created the book after looking back at her own experience of the entire first year of being a parent . The ` doodle diary ' reassures all new parents that every hilarious , terrifying or disgusting occurrence is completely universal . The charming collection features 120 illustrations , capturing everything from a baby 's first lunch out , to a spot-on depiction of the constant sleep deprivation experienced . The book 's description explains that : ` Despite -LSB- Scott 's -RSB- extensive pre-baby research , nothing prepared her for the momentous task of caring for this new little person . ' One of Scott 's hilarious doodles looks at the terrifying experience of having no choice but to breastfeed her baby in a public toilet . All of the doodles are captioned aptly and simply sum up the experience in a wry and relatable manner . One doodle describes the alarming experience of leaving the house and having to breastfeed in the only place available , which in this case , happens to be a grotty public toilet . Another doodle hilariously shows the mother giving her newborn a brand-new cuddly toy , only to have the baby violently eject it from their arms . One sequence of illustrations shows a mother attempting ` sleep training ' by introducing a toy . The child reaches for the toy which encourages the mother , but once the mother gives it to him , he tosses it out of reach . One illustration shows a mother driving , with tears of panic streaming down her face . One hand is positioned on the steering wheel and another hand angles backwards , trying to comfort a wailing baby in a car seat . It is captioned : ` The Joy of Long Car Journeys . ' ` Date Night ' : Another image depressingly shows a couple dressed to go out without their baby . However their exhaustion has led them to fall asleep on the sofa . Another image is simply captioned : ` Actual Torture ' . The accompanying image shows a woman sat on a bed while she is breastfeeding , frustratingly attempting to reach her mobile phone to entertain herself . One hilarious doodle in the book simply shows the absolute exhaustion of parents in the first year after having their new baby . The image is captioned ` Date Night ' and shows the pair dressed up for an evening out , but instead , end up sleeping soundly on the sofa , having succumbed to the effects of sleep deprivation .