An independent panel of concussion experts formed by the Football Association will meet for the first time in May . The panel of eight medical professionals will advise the FA on what can be done to make the game safer . Head injuries have been under greater scrutiny since Hugo Lloris refused to be substituted following a clash with Romelu Lukaku in 2013 , with new rules introduced at the start of the current Barclays Premier League season stating a player suffering a head injury must leave the pitch and only be allowed to return if cleared by a club doctor . The FA have formed a concussion experts panel to help figure out how to make the game safer for players . Recently , the Jeff Astle Foundation has been raising awareness of the danger of long-term head injuries from playing football , with former West Brom player Astle having died in 2002 of a brain trauma caused by heading heavy leather footballs during his career . This weekend saw West Brom wear retro kits against Leicester on Saturday as the foundation was officially launched on Jeff Astle Day at The Hawthorns . The FA 's head of performance services Dave Reddin believes the panel will help take safety in the sport to the next level . Jeff Astle died in 2002 after suffering a number of heavy blows to his head during his footballing career . ` The role of the expert panel is to monitor and advise the FA and other football bodies on the appropriate guidelines for all levels of the game , ' he told www.thefa.com . ` We have seen an improvement in guidance and communication in this area of sports medicine but we are conscious there is potentially much more to do . ` The group will also be asked to help advise on how football 's world governing body should examine and research any long-term effects on the brain through head injury or repeated concussion episodes . George North has been under the spotlight in recent months after suffering a number of concussions . ` I genuinely believe we now have the right people on board to be able to provide the right level of insight for such an important issue . ' Reddin , the FA 's head of medical services Dr Ian Beasley and representatives of the Premier League , Football League and Professional Footballers ' Association will all observe the panel .