Apple 's Watch hits stores this Friday when customers and employees alike will be able to pre-order the timepiece . And boss Tim Cook is rewarding his staff by offering them a 50 per cent discount on the device . Any employee working in the regions where the watch is being launched - including the US , UK , Australia , Canada , China , France , Germany , Hong Kong and Japan - will be eligible . Scroll down for video . Any employee working in the regions where the Watch is being launched - including the US , UK , Australia , Canada , China , France , Germany , Hong Kong and Japan - will be eligible for a 50 % discount on the standard model -LRB- centre -RRB- and the Sport model -LRB- left -RRB- . It does not apply to the Edition model -LRB- right -RRB- . The plans were in a memo leaked to Apple fansite 9to5Mac in which Mr Cook wrote : ` I know that many of you have been looking forward to choosing an Apple Watch for yourselves , and we want to make it easy for you . ` Starting Friday a special Employee Purchase Plan will offer a 50 % discount on any Apple Watch or Apple Watch Sport for your personal use . ' Notably , the discount does n't apply to the expensive Edition model , which starts at $ 10,000 in the US and £ 8,000 in the UK . Mr Cook continued that as the Watch is introduced in more countries , this price plan will be extended . Prices for the Sport model start at $ 349 in the US and £ 299 in the UK , while the stainless steel Watch starts at $ 549 -LRB- £ 479 -RRB- . Apple 's Watch goes on display around the world on 10 April and people can pre-order it at 12.01 Pacific Time -LRB- 8 am BST -RRB- on this day . The Watch will then go on general sale on 24 April in the US , UK , Australia , Canada , China , France , Germany , Hong Kong and Japan . Earlier this week , Apple released the first four guided tour videos of its watch , and said more are ` coming soon . ' These videos -LRB- pictured -RRB- include an introduction to the main features , plus how to use the Messages app , customise the face , and use digital touch . This means US employees will only pay $ 174.50 and $ 274 respectively , while in the UK the price drops to £ 149.50 and £ 239.50 . Like many firms , Apple staff already reportedly receive a discount across the product range and this is said to be around 30 per cent . According Piper Jaffray senior analyst Gene Munster , Apple will sell a million watches in its first weekend on sale , three times the first-day sales of Apple 's last all-new product , the iPad . It would put the Apple Watch behind Apple 's first iPad , which sold 3 million in its first weekend in 2010 , but ahead of the first iPhone , which sold 700,000 units when it debuted in 2007 . However , it would be a fraction of the 10 million iPhone 6 and 6 Pluses sold in the same timespan . The half-price Watch discounts apply from Friday and will last for 90 days . It is not clear whether employees can buy multiple watches under the scheme and Apple has refused to comment . Mr Cook added : ` Congratulations to everyone who has worked to help this product reach our customers . ` And thanks in advance to the thousands of retail employees around the world who will start placing it on people 's wrists starting Friday . ' Although going on display in stores this weekend , the Apple Watch wo n't go on sale generally until the 24 April . Although it could be seen as a way to boost sales , Ernest Doku telecoms expert at uSwitch.com , told MailOnline the plans will benefit customers : ` Apple knows it 's wading into unchartered territory with a costly , and as yet unproven , device . ` What better way to instill the idea the Watch is a must-have accessory than offer deep discounts for its biggest evangelists ? The videos also give an overview of how to see more options by pressing the screen . These options change depending on the app being used . For instance , when working out , it lets a wearer stop the workout . The left-hand image shows how the digital crown can be used to select from a list of emoticons . The right-hand image shows the crown being used to select contacts after the button on the side has been pressed . ` It means those on the front line have actual experience they can draw on when making sales , and a stronger narrative for prospective buyers . ' According Piper Jaffray senior analyst Gene Munster , Apple is expected to sell a million watches in its first weekend on sale , three times the first-day sales of Apple 's last all-new product , the iPad . It would put the Apple Watch behind Apple 's first iPad , which sold 3 million in its first weekend in 2010 , but ahead of the first iPhone , which sold 700,000 units when it debuted in 2007 . However , it would be a fraction of the 10 million iPhone 6 and 6 Pluses sold in the same timespan . Earlier this week , Apple released the first four guided tour videos of its watch , and said more are ` coming soon . '