These amazing images reveal a kaleidoscope of colours in icy caves underneath a glacier . The rainbow caves are given their various colours by light refracting through the ice - with the thicker the ice , the more emerald they appear . And a photographer , from Kamchatka , in the Russian Far East , also decided to add his own take - by lighting flares and breathing fire to turn the normally blue hues into dark reds . Scroll down for video . The caves are found near the Mutnovsky volcano , 45 miles -LRB- 72 km -RRB- south of the regional capital of Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky . The caves , found near the Mutnovsky volcano , 45 miles -LRB- 72 km -RRB- south of the regional capital of Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky , were captured by local guide and photographer Denis Budkov . Mr Budkov , 35 , trekked inside the dangerous caves - which could collapse at any moment - to capture the colourful scenes . The amazing images reveal a kaleidoscope of colours in icy caves - lit up by flares and fire-breathing -LRB- Denis Budkov pictured -RRB- . ` It was pretty cold and wet inside and the water was flowing down from the roof and walls , ' he said . ` It was zero degrees inside , too , and the lens was getting damp - making it hard to shoot . ` But when I got deeper inside the caves , I was amazed by the colours I saw . I have n't seen anything like this before . ` The emerald colours of the ice were spectacular , and worth the risk of the roof caving in to capture the pictures . ' On the left is the location of the caves , and on the right is a picture of photographer Denis Budkov . Mr Budkov , 35 , trekked inside the dangerous caves - which could collapse at any moment - to capture the colourful scenes . The extensive caves , some parts of which have water in them , were first discovered by Mr Budkov by chance . The ice cave 's unique formations are created by the heavy winter snow becoming compressed and forming ice . Then as the short , summer months arrive , intensive melting of the ice creates ravines which flow and hollow out the caves and tunnels . The incredible lights shining purple , blue , green and yellow are no computer trickery - they are the result of sunlight streaming through the glacial ice into the hidden world below . The cave was carved out of the glacier by an underground river that is sourced in a hot spring gushing from the Mutnovsky volcano itself . The ice cave 's unique formations are created by the heavy winter snow becoming compressed and forming ice . As the short , summer months arrive , intensive melting of the ice creates ravines which flow and hollow out the caves and tunnels . The incredible lights are the result of sunlight streaming through the glacial ice into the hidden world below . The cave was carved out of the glacier by an underground river that is sourced in a hot spring gushing from the Mutnovsky volcano itself . Mr Budkov is pictured here setting off a flare to create light in the cave . Denis added : ` I spent a couple of days near the caves , but only ventured in towards the end of our trip . ` I was actually afraid the roof would collapse , and as it was a hill on the side of an active volcano , the area in general is quite volatile . ` But I was simply too curious to loose the opportunity to photograph the colourful caves . ' ` It was pretty cold and wet inside and the water was flowing down from the roof and walls , ' said Mr Budkov . ` It was pretty cold and wet inside and the water was flowing down from the roof and walls ' It was zero degrees inside , too , and the lens was getting damp - making it hard to shoot . But when I got deeper inside the caves , I was amazed by the colours I saw . I have n't seen anything like this before '