Ten deputies have been placed on leave after a shocking video emerged showing them punching and kicking an alleged horse thief for two minutes following a chase through the California desert . In the video , captured by an NBC helicopter , Francis Pusok , 30 , is seen falling off the horse he was suspected of stealing after being pursued several miles by the San Bernardino County officers . Seconds later , two deputies catch up to Pusok and stun him with their Tasers . They then stun him again , and again , as lies splayed face-down on the ground , with his arms placed behind his back . As the camera keeps rolling , the officers apparently kick the suspect in the head and crotch , before other deputies arrive on the scene . One clearly draws back his leg and swings it at Pusok 's head . SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . Shocking : Ten deputies have been placed on leave after a horrific video emerged showing them punching and kicking -LRB- left -RRB- alleged horse thief Francis Pusok -LRB- right -RRB- following a chase through the southern California desert . Beating : In the video , captured by an NBC helicopter , Pusok , 30 , is seen falling off the horse he was suspected of stealing . Seconds later , the deputies catch up to him and stun him with a Taser , before beating him -LRB- above -RRB- . Chillingly , after the beating , a deputy whispered in the suspect 's ear : ` This is n't over , ' according to Pusok 's attorney Jim Terrell , who said the man was left ` scared to death for himself and his family ' . Now , San Bernardino County Sheriff John McMahon has placed 10 deputies on paid administrative leave for their alleged roles in the graphic footage , which he said had ` disturbed and troubled him ' . McMahon said the video , captured on Thursday , appeared to show an excessive use of force . He added that he was launching an internal investigation into the actions of the unidentified officers . ` I 'm not sure if there was a struggle with the suspect , ' he told NBC . ` It appears there was in the early parts of the video . What happens afterwards , I 'm not sure of , but we will investigate it thoroughly . ' In a tweet via the San Bernardino Sheriff 's Office , McMahon said : ` We have identified 10 deputies involved in the use of force during the arrest & they have been placed on paid admin leave . ' Earlier on Thursday , Pusok had allegedly fled by car after deputies had tried to serve a search warrant in an identity-theft investigation . He later dumped the vehicle in the Hesperia area , it is said . Investigation : San Bernardino County Sheriff John McMahon -LRB- pictured -RRB- said the video , captured on Thursday , appeared to show an excessive use of force . He added that he was launching an internal investigation . Paid leave : In a tweet via the San Bernardino Sheriff 's Office -LRB- pictured -RRB- , McMahon said : ` We have identified 10 deputies involved in the use of force during the arrest & they have been placed on paid admin leave ' Couple : Pusok 's girlfriend of 13 years , Jolene Bindner -LRB- left -RRB- , said her boyfriend -LRB- right -RRB- has had several run-ins with the law . However , she insisted he is a great father , and said she ` could n't believe ' the filmed attack . The suspect , dressed in bright red clothing , then reportedly stole a horse and made his way across the desert near the town of Apple Valley , east of LA , before being tracked down by deputies . In the video , Pusok can be seen falling from the horse as a deputy runs up and uses a stun gun on him . McMahon said the stun gun was believed to be ineffective because of the man 's loose clothing . The suspect then falls face down with his arms and legs outstretched and put his hands behind his back . The video shows two deputies appearing to come up and kick him in the head and crotch . As more officers join in , the men huddle in a pack over Pusok , continuing to pummel their fists and feet into his back and head . Meanwhile , one deputy stands calmly holding the horse by the saddle . Following the incident , two deputies were taken to a nearby hospital for injuries , including abrasions , a twisted knee and a back injury from being struck by the horse , the sheriff 's office said . Chase : The suspect , dressed in bright red clothing , reportedly stole a horse and made his way across the desert near the town of Apple Valley , east of LA , on Thursday , before being tracked down by deputies . Apprehended : In the video , Pusok can be seen falling from the horse as a deputy runs up and uses a stun gun on him . McMahon said the stun gun was believed to be ineffective because of the man 's loose clothing . Pusok was treated at the hospital for abrasions and bruising . He was then released to be booked on suspicion of felony evading , theft of a horse , possession of stolen property and reckless driving . After the video was broadcast by NBC , it sparked outrage on the Internet , with many users noting that Pusok was lying on the ground in a ` surrender ' position when he was beaten by the officers . On Friday , Mr Terrell told KABC that the attack seemed never-ending . ` This is as bad , if not worse , than what they did to Rodney King . This was terrible . It kept going and going and going , ' he said . Rodney King , who died in 2012 , rose to national fame after he was captured on video being beaten by Los Angeles Police Department officers following a high-speed car chase in March 1991 . Although four officers were charged with assault with a deadly weapon and use of excessive force , they were later acquitted in a series of verdicts that are thought to have caused the 1992 LA riots . ` Surrendering ' : The suspect then falls face down with his arms and legs outstretched and put his hands behind his back . The video shows two deputies appearing to come up and kick him in the head and crotch . Huddled around : As more officers join in , the men huddle in a pack over Pusok , continuing to pummel their fists and feet into his back and head . Meanwhile , one deputy stands calmly holding the horse by the saddle . Also Friday , McMahon said an internal investigation is underway into the deputies ' actions in the arrest of Pusok . A criminal inquiry into the actions of the suspect is also being carried out , he said . However , he said that the department will not release the names of deputies - which apparently include a sergeant and a detective - until they are sure that multiple threats made are not valid . ` I 'm asking for some patience while we complete a thorough and fair investigation , ' McMahon said . ` I am disturbed and troubled by what I see in the video . It does not appear to be in line with our policies and procedures . Hospitalized : Pusok -LRB- pictured -RRB- was treated at a nearby hospital for abrasions and bruising . ` I assure you , if there is criminal doing on the part of any of our deputy sheriffs or any policy violations we will take action . ' The deputies were wearing audio recorders , but McMahon said he had not listened to them and the recordings will be part of the investigation . Attorneys for Pusok told KNBC-TV Friday as they left the jail that their client has a badly swollen eye , marks from the beating over his face and body , and is in pain . ` He remembers being beat , and he remembers that he was n't resisting , that he laid still , he complied immediately . He says that he did n't even move a muscle because he did n't want to be continuously beat , yet it still happened , ' said attorney Sharon Brunner . Ken Cooper , a use of force expert , said the deputies were clearly frustrated and appeared to take that out on the suspect . One , he said , appeared to be striking Pusok with the Taser . ` It does n't look good . It looks like his hands are behind his back even when they 're doing the blows , ' Cooper said . ` The justification for using force is to gain compliance from the suspect , and the suspect seems to be complying . So what this looks like is those blows are not justified , they 're not necessary and they 're not professional . ' Cooper said the officers should be disciplined , retrained to deal with stress especially , and the video should be used for department-wide training . He said the officers allowed their emotions and adrenaline to overtake their professionalism . But training helps ` inoculate ' officers from responding improperly during high-stress situations . ` When chasing a fleeing suspect , in high stress , you have to control that . It 's your obligation as a professional . You can lose it sometimes , ' Cooper said . McMahon said deputies had previously been called to Pusok 's home in Apple Valley , where he had allegedly made threats to kill a deputy and shot a puppy in front of family members . ` We were very familiar with his aggressive nature , ' McMahon said . Comparison : On Friday , Pusok 's attorney , Jim Terrell , told KABC that the attack was ` as bad , if not worse , than what they did to Rodney King ' . King -LRB- left , after his beating -RRB- rose to national fame after he was captured on video being beaten by Los Angeles Police Department officers -LRB- right -RRB- following a high-speed car chase in March 1991 . Pusok 's beating came as recent violent episodes by officers dealing with suspects have hit the headlines , including the killing of Walter Scott in North Charleston , South Carolina , last weekend . Scott , 50 , who was unarmed , was shot dead by 33-year-old Officer Michael Slageras he ran away from him during a traffic stop . Slageras has since been arrested and charged with murder . Pusok 's girlfriend of 13 years , Jolene Bindner , said her long-term boyfriend has had several run-ins with the law . However , she insisted that he is a great father who did not deserve the brutal beating . ` I 'm not going to stand here and say that he 's perfect , because who is ? ' she said . ` I could n't believe it , ' Bindner said after seeing the video . ` The first thing I said was ` they can not do that . '' The American Civil Liberties Union released a statement saying it is ` deeply troubled by the video images ' and applauding McMahon 's call for an investigation .