Ed and Justine Miliband first met at a dinner party , hosted by the woman he was ` secretly ' dating . Relish the scene . A dinner party in West London . The hostess : Stephanie Flanders , the glamorous then economics editor of BBC2 's Newsnight . The guests : young barristers and would-be politicians . Central to the party that night back in March 2004 was Flanders ' boyfriend , Labour rising star Ed Miliband . At the time , he was chief economics adviser to the Chancellor , Gordon Brown . Miliband had been back in Britain for two months after a brief spell as a lecturer at Harvard University in the U.S. Ever the policy nerd , the son of a Marxist professor waxed lyrical about economic theory . As he held court , a young woman called Justine Thornton , who was sitting across the table and whom he had never met before , became transfixed . A clever young environmental lawyer , she had been invited by Stephanie -- the brilliant daughter of Michael Flanders , of the Fifties and Sixties musical comedy duo Flanders & Swann . Yesterday , Justine recalled in a red-top newspaper : ` I thought he was good-looking and clever and seemed to be unattached . But we just went down a conversation cul-de-sac . Apparently we had nothing in common . ` He just wanted to talk about economics -- one of my least favourite subjects . None of our conversations went anywhere . ' Mrs Miliband said that she was ` furious ' when -- far from being ` unattached ' -- she found out that he was ` secretly going out with ' the woman who had invited her for dinner . Fast-forward more than 11 years and the Milibands have since had two children , married and believe they are less than a month away from moving house with their family to No 10 Downing Street . But the story of the pair 's first meeting offers a fascinating insight into the somewhat caddish character of the Labour Leader . Scroll down for video . For , not only did he knife his elder brother in the back by ending his dream of getting the Labour leadership by standing against him -LRB- contrary to the wishes of their mother -RRB- , but he met his future wife Justine -LRB- albeit unwittingly -RRB- at that dinner party hosted by his then girlfriend . The story emerged yesterday when Mrs Miliband gave an interview to the Labour-supporting Daily Mirror . Clearly she was guided by Labour spin doctors , who wanted to give the impression to voters that her husband was a touchy-feely human being , rather than the soulless nerd that his awkward image conveys on TV . The simpering headline of the article ran : ` Ed bandaged me up after I was bitten by a Doberman ... and I fell in love . ' Justine told how , during the 2005 election campaign , Ed had come to her rescue after she was bitten by the dog . It happened when they were putting leaflets through letter-boxes in houses in Runcorn , Cheshire . ` Ed bandaged me and I fell in love with him , ' said Justine . Former partners of Mr Miliband include Juliet Soskice -LRB- left -RRB- and fellow political aide Liz Lloyd -LRB- right -RRB- . After their first meeting at that 2004 dinner party , it was at least a year before they started dating . Justine 's recollection is n't , though , the first public airing of her love story with Ed . In the biography of the Labour leader , titled Ed : The Milibands And The Making Of A Labour Leader , an associate is quoted as saying : ` Although she was struck by his eyes -- wide and brown and fixed on their subject -- a friend remembers her undoubted excitement after meeting Ed as : ` Gosh , how fascinating , he 's really clever ' , rather than : ` Gosh , how handsome ' . ' Perhaps glossing over what may be seen as such caddish behaviour , the Daily Mirror omitted to say that the dinner 's hostess , Stephanie Flanders -LRB- who later left the BBC for a £ 400,000-a-year job at a bank in the City -RRB- , was Ed 's then girlfriend . It was left to Tony Blair 's biographer John Rentoul to let the cat out of the bag after reading the Mirror story , when he tweeted : ` Justine on clandestine Ed . Why has Mirror not named the host of that dinner ? It was Stephanie Flanders . ' Stephanie Flanders -LRB- pictured -RRB- , a former girlfriend of Mr Miliband , hosted the dinner party where he first met his future wife . Considering that she , at the time , was economics editor of BBC-TV 's flagship Newsnight , Rentoul added : ` Could the secrecy have been because he was a Treasury special adviser and Stephanie Flanders was a BBC economics journalist ? ' What 's more , there is another intriguing twist to this story of high politics and high economics . For two years ago , Ed Miliband ungallantly blurted out , during an interview with a celebrity magazine , that not only had he romanced Stephanie but that his close Labour colleague and Shadow Chancellor , Ed Balls , had had a relationship with her , too . Miliband said : ` We did both date her but there was a long time apart between me and Ed . Stephanie and I do n't have any problems running into each other now . ' For her part , Stephanie had no forewarning of Miliband 's revelation and restricted her response to curtly dismissing her relationship with him as having been ` very brief and a very long time ago ' . However , her relationship with Balls , a decade earlier , was more serious . They met in 1989 at Harvard University , where they were both Kennedy scholars after having graduated from Oxford University . It was while they were working at the Financial Times as leader writers that their friendship blossomed into a serious relationship . The way these relationships intertwined also highlights the deeply incestuous and narrow world of the Labour high command . For it was n't just Miliband and Balls , but others , too , who had close personal relationships . Of course , Balls is now married to fellow Shadow Cabinet Minister Yvette Cooper . All four studied Politics , Philosophy and Economics -LRB- PPE -RRB- at Oxford University . Cooper and Flanders were tutorial partners and Kennedy scholars at Harvard . Miliband also studied at Harvard . Cooper once shared a house with Miliband -LRB- who apparently had a few other girlfriends -RRB- . And she met Balls when they both worked at the FT. But back to Ed Miliband 's tangled love-life . For several years in the mid-1990s , when he was working as an adviser to the then-Shadow Chancellor Gordon Brown , he went out with fellow political aide , Liz Lloyd -LRB- a Cambridge graduate -RRB- . She worked for a time for Tony Blair , who described her in his memoirs as ` an English rose , intellectually able and blue stocking or red stocking according to the occasion ' . In the summer of 1995 , she and Miliband went on holiday to the south of France . They stayed in the family home of one of Miliband 's first girlfriends , Juliet Soskice -LRB- the daughter of an LSE political economist and who went on to marry the late tycoon Andrew Rosenfeld , who gave £ 1 million to the Labour Party -RRB- . At the time , Juliet was dating the Blairite journalist Phil Collins -LRB- who went on to write speeches for Blair -RRB- . It was clearly a busman 's holiday , as much of the discussion among the group was about the national minimum wage which was a New Labour policy . After breaking up with Liz Lloyd , Mr Miliband had a brief relationship with the journalist Alice Miles -LRB- pictured -RRB- . ` We discussed it like we were in a Fabian Society seminar , ' recalled Collins . ` I remember being in the kitchen and listening to Ed having a conversation about it in real detail . ' Miliband 's relationship with Lloyd continued when Blair became PM . Her job at No 10 meant she sat next to her lover 's elder brother David Miliband , who was a key figure in the Downing Street policy unit . After breaking up with Lloyd , Ed Miliband had a brief relationship with the journalist Alice Miles , who then worked for The Times . Ms Miles , who some years later became a single parent , also had a fling with her then coke-snorting Times colleague Tom Baldwin , who is now Miliband 's chief spin doctor . What a deliciously small and privileged world ! One that is a million miles from the lives of millions of ordinary voters . And so back to Red Ed and Justine . The next time they met after his questionable behaviour at his then girlfriend Stephanie Flanders ' dinner party was in the months leading up to him becoming an MP . Later , she helped campaign for him in Doncaster during the 2005 election by moving chairs around for a public meeting . No more Mr Nerd : Justine 's interview in yesterday 's Labour-supporting Mirror . Some months after , Justine planned a holiday with a woman barrister friend , Quincy Whitaker , to Libya to see the Roman ruins . However , after it was booked , Justine said she wanted to go , instead , with Ed Miliband . Their relationship had consolidated further by the time Miliband was appointed Secretary of State for Energy and Climate Change in the Brown government . Not only had their personal lives meshed , but their professional ones , too , as Justine -LRB- who was a member of the Labour Party -RRB- had written a book on the environment . A few years later they had the first of their two children -- and then decided to get married -LRB- in May 2011 -RRB- . This week , by happily putting the spotlight on her husband 's past love affairs , Justine must be hoping that the result will be to portray him as a dashing romantic figure . However , many voters -- particularly women -- may see him in a less attractive light .