$ 2 million worth of stolen artwork has been found in a caretakers garage after disappearing from the walls of an inner-city Sydney penthouse . Three years after the theft , police were investigating a car syndicate and executed a search warrant on a Wiley Park property . According to the Sydney Morning Herald , in a discovery described as ` quite remarkable ' by police , all of the paintings along with three stolen luxury cars were found . $ 2 million worth of stolen artwork has been found in a caretakers garage after disappearing from Sydney home . The works were stolen in 2010 after being taken from property investor , Peter O'Mara 's home in Darling Point . 18 paintings were taken from property investor , Peter O'Mara 's Darling Point home along with a bronze statue and silver bowl . The items were stolen between July 17 and August 10 , 2010 . Mr O'Mara was paid $ 1,033,473 by his insurance company , Chubb Insurance after the theft . Last week 's NSW Supreme Court judgment revealed the Wiley Park address was ` the residential home of the parents of a caretaker of Mr O'Mara 's residence ' . At the time of the theft , Mr O'Mara said , ` It 's a gut feeling , but the whole thing had to be set up . ' The discovery found works like Victoria and Moonlight by Charles Blackman . Capricorn Haze by Tim Storrier was also found during the raid and now belongs to Chubb Insurance . After being seized , the artworks were delivered to the Art Gallery of New South Wales and have been ruled to Chubb Insurance for possession . Some of the works include , Rita of the Seventies and Gloria by Norman Lindsay , Tree of Life by John Coburn , Adieu Australia by Garry Shead , Victoria and Moonlight by Charles Blackman among others . The police search also discovered a Black Range Rover that was reported stolen in 2011 from South Wentworthville , a blue BMW 325i that was reported stolen in 2007 from Delahey in Victoria and a Ferrari . The artworks were delivered to the Art Gallery of New South Wales and havebeen ruled to Chubb Insurance . Tree of Life by John Coburn was another work stolen from Peter O'Mara 's home in Sydney 's inner-city .