Love the lighting in these photography shots ? They become even more awe-inspiring at the realisation that they 're paintings , and someone spent between 50 to 300 hours painstakingly creating them . Patrick Kramer is a 33-year-old artist hailing from Springville , Utah , who specialises in remarkably hyper-realistic paintings . Scroll down for video . Action shot : The artwork of 33-year-old Patrick Kramer is so realistic it 's impossible to tell apart from a photo . In this image , he has painted a falling woman with a deeply intricate background . The US artist specialises in beautifully in-depth oil painted portraits , including this intricate black and white portrait of a man called Matt . The paintings , including this of a sleeping young girl called Anna , take the artist up to 50 to 300 hours to complete . It 's almost impossible to tell that Kramer 's flawless creations are in fact oil paintings due to their incredible pin-sharp detail and clarity . His portrayals vary between vivid city scenes , still-life objects , portraits and breathtaking motion-shots . As well as his portfolio of hyper-realistic paintings , he also constructs more surreal variations on still life , involving insects or inanimate objects in front of a background . One of his images is an imitation of the cover art for musician Drake 's 2013 album , Nothing Was the Same . Kramer also paints highly-detailed urban shots , which are impossible to tell apart from a photo . His technique involves building layers of oil paint in order to achieve the intense level of detail . The US artist works from photos and builds up delicate layers of oil paint on a board or canvas . This allows him to add controlled detail and subtle shadowing , which appear almost three-dimensional in the pieces of artwork . Kramer has admitted that an oil painting can take anywhere between 50 to 300 hours -LRB- one to six weeks -RRB- to complete . The length of time taken depends entirely on the size of the painting and the level of detail . The 33-year-old artist has admitted that this type of artwork suits his precise preferences and personality . Kramer also constructs more surreal imagery of insects , which all still have the same high level of detail - including -LRB- left -RRB- a dragonfly on an intricate background , and -LRB- right -RRB- Kramer 's painting of a butterfly resting on a wad of letters . Cracks in the surface : The artist , from Utah , specialises in creating exceptionally-realistic works of art . In this case , it is a paintbrush against a background of cracked paint . Kramer said : ` Being a perfectionist , I have always been considering art as an outlet for my slightly obsessive personality . The artist 's background and education was also important in honing his interests . ` I studied painting in college , and experimented with hyper realism as a way of perfecting my craft . ` I never intended to pursue the style , but found it hard to give up , as it suited my nature . ' Kramer 's artwork - including this painting of half-filled glasses - is astounding in its level of clarity . Glass half full or half empty ? This painting is incredibly detailed , from the fine fish fins to the bubble floating at the top of the glass . Kramer 's paintings can vary between still-life of subjects such as paint-brushes -LRB- left -RRB- and detailed portrayals , such as this harbour -LRB- right -RRB- . Nothing Was the Same : This painting imitates the album cover art for Drake 's 2013 album , but swaps Drake for a female model .