Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink may have steered Burton Albion to promotion but that does not mean the rookie manager 's season is over . After guiding his side into League One for the first time in their history , the Dutchman turned his attention to winning a championship medal . Hasselbaink 's team beat Morecambe 2-1 on Saturday thanks to two goals from Lucas Akins , then the players heard that Wycombe could only draw at Wimbledon -- and the Brewers were up . Burton Albion 's -LRB- L-R -RRB- Denny Johnstone , Tom Naylor and Jon McLaughlin celebrate League Two promotion . Burton Albion 's Manager Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink is happy to be promoted , but wants to finish on top . The Burton Albion players celebrate their win against Morecambe which confirmed promotion . Scott Shearer sprays his team-mates in Champagne as they celebrate their victory and promotion . But Hasselbaink said : ` We want to be No 1 . I want the second target and that is winning the league . ` I want to stay there and the fans want to stay there as winners . ` So , we 're going to relax but then we 're going to train hard again and make sure that we are ready for Northampton . ` We 've got two more games and we need to prepare the right way and try to be right . Burton Albion players celebrate with the fans after their victory against Morecambe confirmed promotion . Burton Albion 's Shearer and John Mousinho celebrate promotion to League One with a bottle of bubbly . ` It has been a great season and the lads have handled it really well . We were always in control against Morecambe and we created a lot of chances and apart from a spell at the start of the second half and a few minutes right at the end we were certainly on top . ' Hasselbaink also paid tribute to his predecessor Gary Rowett , adding : ` Gary started the job here and must take a lot of credit for what the club has achieved . ` We have come in and made a few changes but the base was there and I 'm delighted that we have been able to build on his success . '