A weakening U.S. economy spilled into the job market in March as employers added just 126,000 jobs 0the fewest since December 2013 -- snapping a 12-month streak of gains above 200,000 . The unemployment rate remained at 5.5 percent , the Labor Department said in its monthly report Friday . The March jobs data raised uncertainties about the world 's largest economy , which for months has been the envy of other industrialized nations for its steadily robust hiring and growth . Employers now appear wary about the economy , especially as a strong dollar has slowed U.S. exports , home sales have sputtered and cheaper gasoline has yet to unleash more consumer spending . Scroll down for video . NUMBERS : Labor Department data shows the US economy generated a disappointing 126,000 net new jobs in March , half of what was expected and the worst month since December 2013 . GREEN JOBS ECONOMY ? President Barack Obama was in Utah on Friday to promote an initiative that would see US veterans hired to work for the solar electricity industry . Some of the weakness may prove temporary : An unseasonably cold March followed a brutal winter that slowed key sectors of the economy . Last month 's subpar job growth could make the Federal Reserve less likely to start raising interest rates from record lows in June , as some have been anticipating . The Fed may decide that the economy still needs the benefit of low borrowing costs to generate healthy growth . Reflecting that sentiment , government bond yields fell Friday . The yield on the U.S. 10-year Treasury note dropped to 1.84 percent from 1.90 percent before the jobs report was released . U.S. stock markets are closed in observance of Good Friday . Economists noted that for months hiring had been stronger than other gauges of the economy , suggesting that a pullback in job gains was inevitable . ` Job growth has been running at a stupendous pace in America over the last several months , increasingly out of tune with other economic indicators , which have pointed to a slowdown , ' James Marple , senior economist at TD Economics , wrote in a research note . ` The reckoning in March closes at least some of this gap . ' At the same time , some said last month 's data looks bleak in part because hiring had been so robust in the months that preceded it . 'Em ployers are n't laying people off , ' noted Patrick O'Keefe , director of economic research at the accounting and consulting firm CohnReznick . ` What they 've decided to do is slow down the pace at which they 're hiring until they have more confidence . ' Last month , the manufacturing , building and government sectors all shed workers . Factories cut 1,000 , snapping a 19-month hiring streak . Construction jobs also fell by 1,000 , the first drop in 15 months . Hiring at restaurants plunged from February . The mining and logging sector , which includes oil drilling , lost 11,000 . Some other categories showed continued gains . Health care added 22,000 workers . Professional and business services -- a sector that includes lawyers , engineers , accountants and office temps -- gained 40,000 . Financial services expanded by 8,000 , and retailers maintained their 12-month pace by adding 25,900 . In addition to reporting sluggish hiring for March , the government revised down its estimate of job gains in February and January by a combined 69,000 . Wage growth in March remained modest . Average hourly wages rose 7 cents to $ 24.86 an hour . JOB FAIR : Frances Scoggins , left , attended a 15-county event in Georgia in search of work on Thursday . She 's been unemployed for the past four months . That marked a year-over-year pay increase of just 2.1 percent . But because average hours worked fell in March for the first time in 15 months , Americans actually earned less on average than they did in February . Tepid pay increases have been a drag on the economy since the Great Recession ended nearly six years ago . Many Americans remain out of the labor force , partly because many baby boomers are reaching retirement age . The percentage of Americans who are either working or looking for work fell in March to 62.7 percent , tying the lowest such rate since 1978 . Job growth had been healthy for more than a year before March . Yet the streak of strong hiring , along with cheaper gasoline , has n't significantly boosted consumer spending . The Fed signaled last month that it would be cautious in raising rates from record lows . The Fed has yet to rule out a June rate hike . But many analysts expect the first increase no earlier than September . Graph illustrating monthly US unemployment up to March 2015 . In part , that 's because Fed officials have revised down the range of unemployment they view as consistent with a healthy economy to 5 percent to 5.2 percent from 5.2 percent to 5.5 percent previously . The weak hiring last month could give them further pause about a June rate hike . ` I think -LRB- June -RRB- is completely off the table , ' said Carl Tannenbaum , chief economist at the financial services company Northern Trust . The Fed wo n't likely raise rates until it sees evidence of consistently solid growth . But the economy has weakened in the first two months of 2015 , in part because of the tough winter . Cheaper oil has led energy companies to halt orders for pipelines and equipment , hurting manufacturers . At the same time , the strengthening dollar has made American-made goods costlier abroad , thereby cutting into exports . This year 's job growth has yet to ignite a larger boom in consumer spending . McDonald 's , Wal-Mart , the Gap and other major employers have announced raises for their lowest-paid employees . But those pay raises are staggered and unlikely to fuel faster wage growth . The economy has disproportionately added lower-paying jobs in the retail and restaurant sectors since the economic recovery began in mid-2009 . Adding jobs in the lowest-paid industries can suppress average hourly wages , even when employers are rewarding cashiers , waiters and sales clerks with pay bumps .