Paris Saint-Germain manager Laurent Blanc admitted that Barcelona were superior to his side ` in virtually every department ' as he saw his team slump to a 3-1 defeat in the first leg of the quarter-final at the Parc des Princes . An early strike from Neymar and second-half brace from Luis Suarez sealed victory for Barcelona and placed the Catalan outfit into a commanding position ahead of the return at the Nou Camp on Tuesday . Blanc admitted his side felt the absence of the suspended Marco Verratti and Zlatan Ibrahimovic , while PSG were also unable to start with David Luiz and saw Thiago Silva hobble off in the early stages . Luis Suarez eases past David Luiz en route to scoring his second goal of the Champions League tie . Gerard Pique leads the celebrations after Barcelona secured a 3-1 victory in Paris on Wednesday night . ` I 'm not going to make excuses about us being depleted , ' said Blanc . ` I 'm not doing that . We put a team out there , but we were dominated by Barcelona . ` It 's only six days until the second leg , with a league game in between , so it 's a ` short week ' for people to recover . I think Barcelona were fitter than us . We had players who were n't at 100 per cent , and also a lot of absentees , but that should have been a motivation for us . We never controlled the ball well enough , and Barca were better than us in virtually every department . ` We will have the suspended players back next week , and that is an incentive . We 'll try and put on a better show than we did tonight . They were better than us tonight and scored three goals . We 'll try and show a different PSG at Barcelona next week . Hopefully we will achieve a different result . ' Laurent Blanc made no excuses for his side as they now face elimination from the Champions League . David Luiz , who started the game from the substitutes ' bench , endured a night to forget in the French capital . In the end , the Frenchman was relieved to escape only 3-1 down . ` It did n't end up as bad as it might have done , but the players are very disappointed with the way it went , ' he said . ` We gave the impression we gave Barcelona the kind of game they wanted to pay . They made life difficult for us on the counter-attack and have players who can be very dangerous . ' Barcelona manager Luis Enrique was delighted with his side 's showing and reserved special praise for Suarez . ` Suarez is special in his own way , ' Enrique said , ` Look at the goals he scored for Ajax and Liverpool . He is very strong and finishes so well . But it was n't just about Luis Suarez tonight . We were superb in defence , midfield and attack . '