Julius Caesar famously collapsed at the battle of Thapsus in 46BC and had to be carried to safety . Historians have long believed this was result of an epileptic attack , highlighting other symptoms such as vertigo , dizziness and weakness in his limbs . But new research suggests that the Roman general may in fact have been suffering from a series of mini-strokes that affected both his mental and physical state . Julius Caesar famously collapsed at the battle of Thapsus in 46BC and had to be carried to safety.Historians have long believed this was result of an epileptic attack , but new research suggests otherwise . Pictured is Ciaran Hinds Julius Caesar in the drama series ` Rome ' Doctors at Imperial College London came to the conclusion after taking a new look at Caesar 's symptoms described in Greek and Roman documents , according to a report by Ian Sample in the Guardian . ` Possible cardiovascular explanations have always been ruled out on the grounds that until his death he was supposedly otherwise physically well during both private and stately affairs , ' the researchers wrote in their study . Francesco Galassi , a medical doctor at Imperial who conducted the analysis with Hutan Ashrafian , a surgeon at the college , say there are a number of symptoms that mini-strokes can explain better than epilepsy . New research suggests that the Roman general may in fact have been suffering from a series of mini-strokes that affected both his mental and physical state . Doctors at Imperial College London came to the conclusion after taking a new look at Caesar 's symptoms described in Greek and Roman documents . For instance , Caesar was known to suffer from depression towards the end of his life , which may have been the result of damage to his brain from the strokes . There may have been social reasons why the military leader , and his chosen heir , Octavian , believed they suffered from epilepsy . In antiquity epilepsy was referred to as the ` sacred disease ' among the Greeks . It was generally perceived by those uneducated in medicine or as being the result of possession by a deity . In literature of the time , epileptics were often the possessors of powers and the subjects of divine favour . The Greeks and the Romans appear to have known the causes and symptoms of epilepsy quite well . The Hippocratic treatise On the Sacred Disease , which attempts prove the condition is not caused by supernatural causes , outlined them in detail . In his biography of Caesar , the Greek historian Plutarch describes how the leader supposedly had a very public attack of his disease . This took place on the floor of the senate , where he cried that anyone who wished to kill him could . Plutarch says that Caesar later claimed that it was due to epilepsy , which causes him to become giddy when in front of large crowds . ` When re-evaluating his symptoms , it can be noted that Caesar suffered falls during his campaigns in Spain and Africa at Cordoba and Thapsus , ' the researchers write . ` He reported symptoms of headaches , vertigo and later on mentioned giddiness and insensibility , when he could not stand up as senators honoured him . ' There may have been social reasons why the military leader , and his chosen heir , Octavian , believed they suffered from epilepsy . In antiquity epilepsy was referred to as the ` sacred disease ' among the Greeks . It was generally perceived by those uneducated in medicine or as being the result of possession by a deity . In literature , epileptics were often the possessors of powers and the subjects of divine favour . But the researchers note that both Caesar 's father and another forefather died without an obvious cause . This may point to the fact that they also suffered from mini-strokes , a condition that can come about due to genetic disposition .