Sporting America fell in love with him because of his skill under pressure and his sheer bravura . The rest of America fell in love because of what happened after the winning putt was holed . The 79th Masters attracted massive ratings in the USA and there is no surprise in that . They tuned in to watch as perfect a demonstration of sporting endeavour as you will ever behold . But they also tuned in to watch a man with a common touch and a depth of sincerity that reached into the heart of every household . Politicians who try so hard to be popular could learn much from 21-year-old Masters champion Jordan Spieth . The green jackets and dignitaries sitting behind him were enraptured as the winner gave an unscripted speech so gracious and natural you would think that public speaking was his calling rather than the Royal and Ancient game . Jordan Spieth wears his new green jacket after winning the Masters at Augusta on Sunday . Spieth hugs members of his family after securing his first ever major title at Augusta National . Spieth walks back onto the 18th green to formally acknowledge the large crowd watching on . As he stepped off the final green he embraced , in turn , his father Shawn , his mother Chris , his college sweetheart Annie , his brother Steven , who plays college basketball , his grandfather and various friends . And then he remembered his father 's words : ` Make sure you say thank you to the people , son . ' So he went back on to the 18th green and formally acknowledged the patrons crammed into every available space . With this victory , Spieth must have killed forever the idea that you have to have a cold heart and a ruthless edge to be a winner . You will not find a single pro on the PGA Tour with a bad word to say about him . There is nothing fake about Jordan Spieth . Texans are supposed to be brash and larger than life , right ? This one makes jokes about his receding hairline and dislikes being asked why he comes across as humble because , well , that would not be humble . Listen to Phil Mickelson , the Masters specialist who cheerfully admitted he had been outplayed by a man who had competed at Augusta only once before . ` He 's just a class guy in every way and it 's difficult not to root for him , ' said the leftie . Spieth watches his tee shot on the seventh hole during the final round . Spieth gives a fistpump after making a birdie putt on the third green on the final day . ` This is a momentous week in the history of our game . Along with Rory McIlroy , Jordan Spieth is going to carry it for the next decade and what an exciting time it promises to be . ' Sir Nick Faldo , on American television , sums up perfectly the feelings of a sport at the end of truly epochal week . Listen to Jack Nicklaus , who posted this tribute : ` Congratulations to an exceptionally talented young man . That was an incredible performance . Jordan is so beyond his years . I like everything about him . He 's polite , he 's humble , he handles himself so well , on and off the golf course . And he 's obviously a wonderful player and now a Masters champion . ' The one family member who was not present to enjoy the celebrations was his 14-year-old sister Ellie , who suffers from a neurological disorder that places her on the autism spectrum . Hardly a day goes by when Spieth does not Facetime Ellie and every time they talk she asks him if he has won yet . ` I 'll finally be able to tell her yes , ' he said , smiling . When Spieth speaks about Ellie there is no pity or anything maudlin in his voice , only joy , laughter and pride . ` I know she was watching on television and I think she 's going to be a bit jealous of us all hugging round the 18th green , ' he said . ` She 's going to want a present . ' Golf should not have been Spieth 's game at all . Nobody in the family plays -- they are all big basketball fans . But Spieth was given a set of plastic clubs at the age of four and took it from there . Spieth -LRB- front -RRB- is presented with his green jacket by last year 's Masters champion Bubba Watson . Spieth kisses his girlfriend Annie after a sensational victory at the Masters . Perhaps the only serious criticism he has attracted came when he dropped out of the University of Texas after his first year . It was well-meaning . By the age of 19 he had an amateur record so good he had positively lapped his fellow competitors and done well in the US Open , finishing 21st . But why the hurry ? Why not complete his education ? Throughout his life Spieth has known exactly what he wants -- from the fact he is still with the girl he met in college to his caddie Michael Greller . He is a maths teacher by trade but Spieth persuaded him to come out on tour after the pair hit it off straightaway . Spieth just felt he was ready and it was not long before he was showing why . When he set out he was ranked 809th in the world . Now he is No 2 behind Rory McIlroy . In 18 months , he has banked more than $ 13million -LRB- £ 8.86 m -RRB- on the PGA Tour alone . In his past four events he has won two and finished second twice and when he says : ` I do n't see this as a great run of form , I see this as normal , ' it does not come across as at all boastful . Spieth -LRB- right -RRB- pictured with his college sweetheart girlfriend Annie . Spieth spends time with his family as he poses for a photo with sister Ellie -LRB- centre -RRB- and brother Steven -LRB- right -RRB- . Asked about McIlroy , as ever , he found exactly the right words : ` He 's got four majors and numerous wins and right now that 's something I can only dream about . I 'll never hit it like he does and I have to make up for that somewhere else . But I 'm looking forward to getting in the heat of the moment with him in the near future and testing our games . ' How on earth did golf get this lucky ? A sport with a fuddy-duddy , middle-aged image ? Consider this : the world 's top two players have an average age seven years younger than the top two in tennis . The game is very fortunate to have a man like McIlroy . It is doubly lucky to have a personable 17-year-old in Lydia Ko at the top of the women 's game . Now Spieth has come along and golf feels truly blessed . Spieth pictured in his younger days playing basketball left-handed . It was with good reason that one of our competitors declared on the eve of the Masters that English golf had reached the end of an era , with no players ranked in the world 's top 10 for the first time at a major since 2008 . But , following the encouraging events at Augusta , there should be good days ahead . Three players ranked in the top six was as many as the host nation , with Ian Poulter and Paul Casey -LRB- tied sixth -RRB- doing enough to suggest they will win at least once each before this season is out . As for joint runner-up Justin Rose , whose 14-under-par total would have won 74 out of 79 Masters , here 's a prediction : over the next five years he will add at least one more major to his 2013 US Open win . England 's Justin Rose on the 18th green on Sunday after finishing tied for second on 14-under-par . Driving . No contest here . It 's the strongest part of McIlroy 's game and the weakest part of Spieth 's . McIlroy 10/10 . Spieth 5/10 . Iron play . McIlroy again has the edge , and particularly with the longer irons . McIlroy 8 . Spieth 7 . Rory McIlroy watches his tee shot on the 12th hole during the final round of the Masters . Chipping . McIlroy 's good in this area but Spieth is brilliant , with perfect technique and great imagination . McIlroy 7 . Spieth 9 . Putting . When he putts well , McIlroy wins . But Spieth always putts well . McIlroy 7 . Spieth 9 . Spieth -LRB- right -RRB- putts on the 13th green before storming to victory at Augusta . Mental Strength . Nothing to separate them in this area . Both top-notch . McIlroy 9 . Spieth 9 . Verdict . McIlroy 41/50 . Spieth 39/50 . It 's still McIlroy for me but we have to remember he is four years older , and Spieth has been a pro for less than two years . The exciting thing for the game , and the frightening thing for everyone else , is they 're both so young in golf terms and clearly only going to get better in years to come . McIlroy acknowledges the crowd as his bid for a first Masters title ends this year .