Many people will know the feeling of spending hundreds of pounds on so-called ` miracle ' products that claim to solve all-manner of beauty woes . While most of these products end up collecting dust in the back of a drawer , beauty has seen an insurgence of natural alternatives , with all-purpose ingredients such as coconut oil taking over in their place . One woman has promised to revolutionise beauty regimes with her creation of more than 100 products , all organic and natural , that can be concocted in your own kitchen . Fifi M. Maacaron 's book , Natural Beauty Alchemy , contains over 100 ingredients which treat all-manner of skincare ailments such as acne , oil and dryness . Fifi M. Maacaron uses full-fat cream cheese in a face mask , which supposedly quenches the skin . Fifi M. Maacaron , 36 , is a pharmacist and natural skincare expert who believes that natural alternatives are the way forward , especially in the midst of gimmicky expensive products . Maacaron , from Newport News , Virginia , created her book , Natural Beauty Alchemy , not only to showcase that there are inexpensive alternatives to store-bought products , but also to explain many myths surrounding skincare . For example , while cream-cheese is usually more used to seeing the top of a bagel , Maacaron proposes another use for it . Her Winter Rescue Mask is specially formulated for dry and weather-beaten skin and contains full-fat cream cheese . The 36-year-old author explains that the richness of the cheese will quench the skin and help protect it against weather-induced dryness . Apple cider vinegar has been cited as a great cleansing agent , and is included as an ingredient in the Subtle Bubble Shampoo . Sesame oil is another beneficial natural ingredient , containing antioxidants and is well-tolerated by most skin types , even the most sensitive ones . Apple cider is used in several of the recipes , in a toner for acne-prone skin and also in a shampoo - the acidic nature of the ingredient working as a great cleansing agent . Other recipes suggest alternatives to everything from cleansers to foot creams to even perfumes , which use a spread of natural products including green tea to rinse hair , potatoes for a face mask and coffee grounds for cellulite . Natural Beauty Alchemy was born when author Maacaron went on the search for a perfect product , and was shocked by the falsity of some store-bought products . She says : ` As I entered into my 30s , I felt that my skin needed more care . ` As a pharmacist , I read ingredients labels and many times I 'd study each facial cream in the ` green and natural section ' and come out empty handed and shocked at the extent of dishonesty and fraudulent marketing . ' The natural skincare expert began formulating recipes herself and became a go-to for her friends and family . Honey and lemon juice are other products that are regularly featured as beneficial natural skincare ingredients . She explains : ` I reached a point where I was becoming a reference to friends and family and many would ask me for recipes . ` I 've tried all of the recipes because I formulate them . I am a big fan of coconut oil and I include it in many formulations . ' Maacaron 's overarching argument simply rests at the fact that she finds natural products superior to store-bought products . She explains : ` In organic homemade products , skin irritants such as synthetic fragrances and dyes are left out . This helps soothe skin and avoid breakouts and makes us really love , enjoy and trust what we 're applying on ourselves . ` Nature is pretty much a powerhouse with a lot of effective ingredients that do provide obvious results . I 've seen people glow in just a week after switching to natural products . Many of them look younger , without fillers or botox . ' Weather aggression is always noticeable , not only on hands , legs , and lips , but also on the face . This mask contains full-fat cream cheese , which will restore some of the skin 's lipid mantle and help protect skin against weather-induced dryness . The remaining ingredients will boost skin 's vitality and revive it . While wheat germ oil is extremely nourishing , moisturizing , and anti-aging , grapefruit juice will load your skin with antioxidants and vitamin C for a refreshed and younger-looking skin . Adding egg white is optional but strongly recommended if you wish to have proteins in your mask , as well . Prepare this formula when your skin feels dry and tight , or routinely during winter and harsh weather months . Ingredients . Instructions . 1 . Allow the cheese to soften at room temperature -- do not microwave . Flatten with a fork , and then add remaining ingredients one at a time while mixing with the fork . 2 . Spread with a spatula on clean face and neck , directly or between double layers of precut gauze strips . -LRB- Prepare the gauze strips ahead of time by laying gauze in double layers and cutting four rectangles for the forehead and neck and four circles for the cheeks . -RRB- . 3 . Lie back or sit in a reclining chair and wait 15 -- 20 minutes before removing gauze pads and rinsing off . 4 . Repeat this mask on a weekly basis to sustain results and protect the skin . Follow with the application of daily moisturizer and a sunblock . This formula will transform concentrated liquid soap into a smooth and balanced hair shampoo . The argan oil restores shine and luster to dull hair . Ingredients . Instructions . 1 . Mix the rosemary infusion and the vinegar . Then pour it into the soap base , in a thin stream , whisking very gently to prevent foaming . Blend in the argan oil , slowly , still whisking until all ingredients are well blended . 2 . Use as a regular shampoo . This toner is named for its two key ingredients : vitamin C and cider . The acidic nature of apple cider allows skin to get rid of surface dead cells , while the vitamin C in lemon juice is a skin brightener that also acts as a powerful antioxidant ; it can reverse sun damage and reduce wrinkles , for a more youthful look . Combined with the astringency of neroli and witch hazel in this formula , they will reduce oily secretions and help achieve a glowing and clearer skin . Ingredients . Instructions . 1 . Start by dissolving the honey in 1/2 cup water . Add the remaining ingredients one at a time , mixing continuously . Then transfer to a bottle . 2 . Shake well before each use . Using a cotton ball , apply to the face and neck in the evening . Rinse in the morning and wear sunscreen daily . This unscented oily serum is especially formulated for intolerant skin ; it 's suitable for most skin types , however , and is a powerful moisturizer , packed with antioxidants . Sesame oil is a skin-friendly oil , well-tolerated by most skin types , even the most sensitive ones ; it contains sesamol , which has antioxidant properties , as well as unsaturated essential fatty acids and many minerals such as magnesium , calcium , and iron . Grape seed oil is also a strong source of antioxidants and is a dry oil that absorbs quickly . This formula is kept simple by calling for ingredients that can be found in most grocery stores . Ingredients . Instructions . 1 . Pour the oils into a glass bottle with a dropper , finishing with the vitamin E drops . 2 . Close tightly and shake to blend the oils . 3 . In the evening , after cleansing , and while the face is still moist , apply 2 -- 3 drops to your hands , rub them together , and massage this serum onto your face and neck .