A Canadian man found a novel way to take in the sights while travelling across country , by taking an rocking chair with him . Kalman Kallai enjoyed the spectacular Canadian scenery from the comfort of a green chair while journeying from Borden , Ontario to Comox , British Columbia for work purposes . Calculating that the drive would take him across a colossal 2,796 miles -LRB- 4500 km -RRB- of land , Mr Kallai believed that his journey would be more interesting if he used it as an opportunity to see more of his country . The traveller sits before corn , a café , boats and water , before he is featured rocking and making gestures with his hand . Mr Kallai and a friend mimic the planes that fly past at the beginning of the traveller 's adventure . After picking up a green rocking chair that he acquired for free from online advertisement site Kijiji , the traveller attached his trailer and set off on the nine-day journey . The video begins with Mr Kallai carrying his chair to a wooded area , before placing it down and taking a seat . He wears a green hoody , blue jacket and hat -- clothing items that remain a running theme throughout the course of the video . Mr Kallai travelled from Borden , Ontario to Comox , British Columbia for work purposes . Sat rocking on his chair watching a number of aeroplanes taking off -- perhaps at this point wishing he was on one himself -- the traveller is joined by a friend . The pair sit and mimic the plane 's wings before shaking hands and waving goodbye to one another , to allow Mr Kallai to continue his adventure on his own . The traveller is then sat before corn , a café , boats and water , before he is featured rocking and making gestures with his hands . The traveller wears a green hoody , blue jacket and hat in every clip of himself in the video . Mr Kallai takes time to pose precariously on a river bed while journeying across Canada . He momentarily leaves the chair to chase some birds on a beach before making his way through a field and waving at some cows . Later in the video the traveller is met by his dad , who humorously steals the rocking chair before he is swiftly removed . Continuing a good portion of the journey together , the pair dance and jump around in front of rapids and tease a number of large statues . Creature comfort ! Mr Kallai makes a number of hand gestures in the video and even waves at cows . Despite hauling the rocking chair around in a trailer , the traveller is also featured carrying it on his head . Mr Kallai said : ` I brought my dad with me for part of the trek . It was a great bonding experience , as we shared many laughs . ` I heard some pretty interesting stories about his youth that I had n't heard before , especially since my mother was n't on the trip with us . ' The pair reach Manitoba together before they meet with some people and the traveller 's father leaves his son to journey on by himself . Mr Kallai is joined by his dad while journeying across the country and the pair jump around and dance together . The traveller said that he shared many laughs with his dad and that it was a great bonding experience . Hauling the chair around on his head as much as in his trailer , Mr Kallai takes time to pose precariously on a river bed and even a railway track . Arriving in Alberta the temperature suddenly plummets and a lot more snow features in the following images . Eventually however , Mr Kallai reaches British Colombia and the video concludes with him carrying his rocking chair into what appears to be his new front room and taking a seat . Mr Kallai videos himself sitting on a railway track on the chair he acquired from online advertisement site Kijiji . The journey took the traveller nine days to complete and a total of 4500 km of land was covered .