Baltimore police who said a 25-year-old they arrested was taken into custody ` without incident ' are facing questions about what happened to lead to his death from a severed spine . Freddie Gray died Sunday after he ` had his spine 80 per cent severed at his neck ' following his arrest by three bicycle officers for a violation that 's been kept ` secret ' until today . Official police documents filed Monday said that the man was arrested by Officer Garrett Miller for having a switchblade knife after being stopped because he ` fled unprovoked after noticing police presence ' . Gray , who was screaming in pain as he was taken to a police van , then lapsed into a coma and was taken to a University of Maryland trauma center where he struggled to stay alive for seven days before his death . Police still have no answers about exactly what happened that led to the neck injury though Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake said , ` Whatever happened happened in the back of the van ' . Six officers have been suspended , but investigators say they still do n't know how it happened . Scroll down for video . Freddie Gray died Sunday after he ` had his spine 80 percent severed at his neck ' during an arrest in Baltimore last Sunday . Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake -LRB- right , with Police Commissioner Anthony Batts -RRB- said that she is frustrated by the lack of answers given in the police report . Rawlings-Blake , Police Commissioner Anthony Batts and Deputy Commissioner Jerry Rodriguez held a press conference on Monday pledging a thorough investigation of the incident . The mayor had vowed in the aftermath of the death to ensure the city held ` the right people accountable ' after his early-morning death at the University of Maryland Shock Trauma Center . She expressed frustration on Monday as authorities could not figure out the exact circumstances that led to Gray 's neck injury and said that the description of events given in a police report may not have shown probable cause in his arrest . ` When Mr. Gray was put in that van , he could talk , he was upset . And he was taken out of that van , he could not talk and he could not breathe , ' Rodriguez said . `` We are not in the business of hiding facts . ' Six officers were involved in the arrest and transportation of Gray after he was taken into custody . Their races are not known . They have all been suspended from the department , though Batts said that they would be paid , as per state law . The recent disclosure marks the first time authorities have given a reason for Gray 's interaction with police . Though his arrest was for the switchblade , officers said that his arrest in a ` hot spot ' area of Baltimore known for narcotics was because he was running away after seeing police . In a video of the arrest , it appears the officers dragged Gray to a police van while he screamed out in pain . Gray was placed in restraints in the van and then an ambulance was called to the police station 30 minutes later . Video shows Gray screaming out in pain as he is taken to the van . Spectators thought he had broken legs though police said an autopsy showed he did not . Rodriguez said Monday that the police involved believed that the 27-year-old was committing or had just committed a crime when they chased and subdued him . The switchblade knife was found in his front right pants pocket , according to documents obtained by the Baltimore Sun . The knife was punishable by a year in prison and a $ 500 fine . A timeline released by police said Gray was taken by a prisoner transport van from the ` crime ' scene to the Western District station shortly before 9 am . He asked for his asthmatic inhaler while he was being arrested , and requested medical assistance at another unknown point in time , according to Rodriguez . An officer pulled out his Taser for use during the incident , but an autopsy that came back Monday showed no Taser marks . While he was in the van , Gray , who is 5 ' 8 '' and 145 pounds , was put in leg restraints after he became ` irate ' . Thirty minutes after he was arrested , an ambulance was called to the police station to take Gray to the hospital after he had a ` medical emergency ' , according to NBC Baltimore . The van made multiple stops , including stopping to pick up another suspect who could hear but not see Gray because of a partition in the vehicle . Gray died on Sunday morning at the University of Maryland Shock Trauma Center from his spinal injuries . Anyone who witnessed Gray 's arrest or has video of the incident is being asked aid in the investigation , which the Baltimore mayor said has frustrated her due to its lack of answers . Gray suffered a broken vertebra and an injured voice box , according to his family . Civilian video showed him being loaded into the van , but did not show the entire encounter . During the video , a woman said : ` That boy 's legs look broke . ' Attorneys said that he suffered three broken bones , according to CBS Baltimore . However , the autopsy report said that Gray had no physical injuries beyond his spine . It concluded that no force was used , a claim echoed by officers . An attorney retained by Gray 's family , William ` Billy ' Murphy , spoke out on Sunday and described the circumstances leading up to the young man 's death , saying that police chased the man ` without any evidence he had committed a crime ' . He added : ` His take-down and arrest without probable cause occurred under a police video camera , which taped everything including the police dragging and throwing Freddie into a police vehicle while he screamed in pain . ' Murphy also took issue with the police 's previous silence about the issue for Gray 's arrest . ` We believe the police are keeping the circumstances of Freddie 's death secret until they develop a version of events that will absolve them of all responsibility . ' Police Commissioner Anthony Batts said the department would try again to share information with the Grays . The incident comes as relations between police and black communities have taken on new levels of tension following several incidents of alleged police brutality that received national headlines . About 50 people marched from City Hall to police headquarters Monday , carrying signs reading ` Black lives matter '' and ` Jobs , not police killings . ' They unfurled a yellow banner reading ` Stop police terror . ' Rodriguez tried to differentiate his department from police in a St. Louis , Missouri suburb that were the subject of a federal racial discrimination investigation after the police shooting of unarmed black teenager Michael Brown . ` This is not Ferguson , this is a city where we 've worked very hard ' to have dialogue with the black community . Gray 's family has declined , so far , to interact with police , according to Police Commissioner Anthony Batts . He said the department would try again this week to share information with them . Protests continued Monday as police released the arrest report for Gray that ultimately led to his tragic death . Justice League NYC organized a rally Saturday night at the Western District station where Gray was taken . ` He 's gone , ' Richard Shipley said after confirming the death of his stepson . ` What else is there to say ? ' The police , an independent review board and the Baltimore prosecutor 's office will investigate the case . Rodriguez said that homicide investigators and the police training academy will be included in the task force that gives a report to the state attorney general 's office by Friday , May 1 . He said that the investigation is particularly interested in deciding whether police waited too late to call paramedics and whether an officer placed a knee on Gray 's back during the arrest . Monday 's press conference included CCTV footage of part of the incident , though it does not show the fatal spine injury . Citizens and groups including Justice League of NYC took to the streets to protest following the death of Gray . Peaceful demonstrators walk with their hands on their heads yesterday in protest over the death of Gray . Civilian video showed Gray being loaded in the van , but did not show the entire encounter or how he was hurt . Mayor Rawlings-Blake said that whatever injury occurred to Gray must have happened in the van , where cameras that allowed the driver to see the back of the vehicle do not record the footage . Commissioner Batts , who has been a proponent of body cameras , said that he was looking into changing the cameras so they would record . Mayor Rawlings-Blake said she was ` frustrated ' by Gray 's death and the lack of immediate answers and said that the police department had been working to ` overcome decades of mistrust ' . The mayor added that the information about Gray running in the police report does not necessarily represent probable cause for an arrest and that authorities will ` provide the community with all the answers it deserves ' . The commissioners announced immediate changes to arrest policies on Monday , including immediately giving medical attention to suspects who ask for it .