Triple tragedy : Archie Brown Jr -LRB- pictured -RRB- struck and killed a 2-year-old who ran in front of his van in Milwaukee , Wisconsin Sunday evening . While at the scene an unidentified gunman shot Brown and a 15 year old dead . Milwaukee police say the driver of a van who struck and killed a 2-year-old has been shot dead at the scene of the accident - possibly in revenge . A 15-year-old boy was also shot and later died - though it 's not clear what his connection to the incident was . Police Captain Timothy Heier says the car accident occurred at 5:10 pm Sunday after the child ran into the street in a residential neighborhood on the 4600 block of North 48th Street in Milwaukee . The driver remained at the scene and stayed in his van while police arrived . Before officers could show up , someone opened fire - shooting the driver in the head . He died at the scene . A 15-year-old boy was also shot and later died at the hospital . Police say the teen was not a passenger in the van . The driver 's father identified him as father-of-four Archie Brown Jr , to the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel . Police are still looking for the person responsible , and so far they have released few details on the tragic incident . Milwaukee Alberman Joe Davis was called to the scene on Sunday and gave statements , indicating the shooting may have been carried out in revenge for the little child 's death . Scroll down for video . At large : Above , the scene of a car accident in Milwaukee , Wilconsin on Sunday . Police say no suspects have been brought into custody . Revenge ? Police have released few details on the shooting . However a local alderman suggested that the shooting was carried out in revenge of the child 's death . ` I know that the people in that house may have been very , very upset about the incident -- the vehicular incident that occurred , but you do n't solve these types of things with guns , and start shooting and taking other people 's lives , ' Davis said . Archie Brown Sr told the Journal Sentinel that police showed him a picture of the victim , who he identified as his son , and learned that he had been shot in the head . Archie Brown Sr. identified his son , father-of-four Archie Brown Jr. , as the driver who was shot in the head and killed at the scene . Brown Sr said his son was a real estate entrepreneur and landlord who leaves behind four daughters - the youngest just six months old . ` My son 's just been murdered , ' Brown Sr said in a phone call just after speaking with investigators . Brown 's half brother Riles Rilley also spoke with the Journal Sentinel and said that Brown was the co-owner of Seven West nightclub . ` Just a good person all around . Never had any enemies . Always looking to do the right thing , ' he said .