Kris Jenner looked downcast and emotional as she drove herself to a Beverly Hills gym on Monday as she continues to deal with the fall-out from ex-husband Bruce Jenner 's TV tell-all . The Olympic gold medalist confirmed to the world on Friday that ` to all intents and purposes I am a woman ' and said his third wife Kris , like his previous two wives , knew about his desire to be female . Diane Sawyer said during the ABC 20/20 special that Kris had declined to comment on her husband 's gender transition even though previous two wives issued messages of support that were read out on the program . On Monday , close family friend Kathie Lee Gifford said on NBC 's Today that Kris did n't know Bruce 's secret and she 's still ` trying to get her act together ' when it comes to dealing with the news . Scroll down for video . Glum : Kris Jenner looked drawn and downcast as she took a trip to the gym in Beverly hills on Monday morning . Emotional : The 59-year-old appeared to bite her lip as if holding back tears . Lost in thought : It 's the first time that Bruce Jenner 's third ex-wife has been seen in public since his stunning TV revelations Friday night that he 's always felt female and he now plans to live as a woman . Shocked : Kathie Lee Gifford said on Today on Monday that she had n't seen Bruce 's bombshell news coming and neither had her close friend Kris , saying that the momager was struggling to cope with the revelations . ` The other ladies , both fine women , had a long time to get used to this . This was new to Kris , ' Kathie Lee told Today co-host Hoda Kotb . She said Kris , who was married to Bruce for 22 years , is ` trying to be a good friend to him - or her - now . ' ` Trying to still be a great parent , and it 's complicated in ways that we can not even comprehend . ' The TV personality is a godmother to Bruce and Kris ' daughters Kendall , 19 , and Kylie , 17 , and has known the ex couple for years . But her version of events is clearly at odds with what Bruce himself had to say to Diane Sawyer , including the claim that had Kris been accepting of his situation , they would ` probably still be together . ' He told Sawyer that Kris had seen him cross-dressing and knew that he had developed 36B breasts because he could no longer hide them from her . He maintained that he and Kris had ` a great sex life ' and that she was relatively low-key when she discovered his secret . ` She did n't say much , ' the former decathlete said . ` It was tough on her , he added . ` Kris is a good woman . I 've got no complaints with her . She 's a good person . ' Defensive : Kathie Lee , who 's a godmother to Kendall and Kylie Jenner , defended her friend , insisting she did n't know about Bruce 's secret and his inner conflict about his gender identity , despite Bruce 's claims that she did . Solo : The Kardashian matriarch was out and about by herself on Monday . Tough weekend : Kris came under fire after Diane Sawyer said she had declined to comment about her ex-husband for the ABC 20/20 special . Kris claimed she 'd never been approached for a comment , a claim denied by ABC . Still close : Kathie Lee told her Today co-host Hoda Kotb she had had a conversation with the Olympic gold medalist before his tell-all interview was broadcast and is still trying to process how to deal with his transition . Kathie Lee , who 's been married to sports commentator Frank Gifford since 1986 , said on Today she was shocked by the news that Bruce identifies as female . ` I never saw this coming , I 've got to tell you , ' she said . ` It would have shocked me as much if Frank had told me -LSB- the same thing . -RSB- ' But she insists that she is supportive of the former star athlete and reality TV star . ` How do you deal with that -LSB- the news -RSB- ? The way you do , ultimately , is when you put love first , and try to put yourself in someone else 's high heels I suppose , ' she said . She also revealed that she had a long frank conversation with Bruce before his TV interview aired so she was prepared for what he said and also how to deal with the situation moving forward . ` We all want to love him through this and we all know there are children who are going to have to learn to deal with this , ' she said . ` The story is n't over obviously . The transition goes on . ' Spent time together : Kathie Lee appeared on the reality series Keeping Up With Kardashians . The close friend of both Bruce and Kris is seen here with the couple in an episode of the E! show that aired in November 2013 . Supportive : The Today show co-host is seen here with Hoda and Kris on air in 2012 . Kris herself hit back at ABC during Friday night 's broadcast claiming that the network had not approached her for a comment to include in the 20/20 special . Gossip writer Perez Hilton tweeted : ` Kris Jenner has no comment for ABC news and the #BruceJenner interview . His other two ex-wives give supportive statements . ' Kris tweeted back : ` F *** you Perez no one asked me to comment ... and I 'm sitting with Bruce now watching this show so let 's keep it real ... LOL ... ' She later posted a more measured response on Twitter calling her ex-husband ` a hero . ' Meanwhile ABC insiders claimed the KUWTK star was lying about not being contacted by the producers working ont he program . A spokesperson for the network told DailyMail.com : ` ABC News sent an email to her publicity team more than once . They called and said no comment . ' Meanwhile , Bruce 's eldest son Burt Jenner tweeted what might be construed as a dig at his dad 's third wife and some others on Saturday . ` Having a hard time not putting a few people on blast who were not supporters before hand , but want to act like they were all along , ' Burt , 36 , posted on his Twitter account , according to UsWeekly . He later deleted the tweet . Scroll down for video . Pointing the finger ? Burt Jenner , Bruce 's eldest son , seemed to criticize some who he feels are being two-faced about his dad 's gender transition in a Twitter post on Saturday , that he later deleted . What 's the truth : Kris , seen here Thursday night in LA before her ex-husband 's TV tell-all , watched the show with Bruce and blew up on social media when Diane Sawyer said she had declined to comment for the program . Balmain Crochet-knit mini dress . Get it at Net-a-Porter . Visit site . It is n't hard to see that where the Kardashian and Jenner girls got their sense of style from . We know that momgaer Kris Jenner can keep step with her stylish daughters , but at last night 's family outing in LA she could almost have passed for one of the sisters . Not many fifty-somethings could pull off a pair of thigh high boots ! Incidentally the very same Givenchy boots that Kim Kardashian owns as well . Been raiding her wardrobe while she 's away in New York , have we Kris ? But enough about the boots ! We love the black and nude Aztec-inspired print on her mini dress , which is very similar to the blazer Kylie wore that evening . Both pieces are by Balmain , the family 's favourite designer label and if you want to get a bit of the brand in your wardrobe then click -LRB- right -RRB- to copy Kris . The stretchy knit of this number means there 's no need to shy away from the bodycon fit but be prepared to spend $ 2680 ! Back to reality , if your budget is n't quite as big as Kris ' then check out our edit below . House of Fraser and Asos have got some really good lookalikes , or get a bargain at Boohoo . Blend She Netz dress at House of Fraser . Visit site . Selected knitted bodycon dress in jacquard at Asos -LRB- now reduced to £ 40.50 -RRB- . Visit site . Givenchy thigh high boots at Farfetch . Visit site . Reiss Aztec bodycon dress . Visit site . Boohoo marble print mini dress -LRB- now reduced to $ 14 -RRB- . Visit site . Under pressure : The mom-of-six and reality show producer lashed out on Twitter during Friday 's broadcast . ABC stood by its assertion that she had been contacted for comment and chose not to . Meanwhile , Kim Kardashian appeared on Today in an interview with Matt Lauer that aired Monday and acknowledged that the whole family is finding Bruce 's gender transition ` a hard situation . ' But she insisted in the exclusive sit-down that they 're determined to be supportive and are exploring how they can best be there for him as they themselves continue to come to terms with everything . ` I 'm really happy for him that he is living his life the way he wants to live it , ' Kim said . ` And that he has found inner peace and just pure happiness . That 's what life is about . '' Out front : Kim Kardashian led the charge on Monday in support of her former step-dad and said while the family finds the situation hard , they are supportive of Bruce and happy for him as he transitions to a new way of life .