A newly released video shows the shocking moment a Boston police officer was shot in the face just seconds after approaching a driver who was stopped during a gunfire investigation . The video shows how Angelo West , 41 , immediately jumps out of the car and shoots Officer John Moynihan , 34 , under the eye at close range after the policeman opens the driver-side door . West then fires at the other officers as he runs across the busy street . Boston Police Commissioner William Evans pointed out that he was firing ` under his arm ' at the other cops . The video shows Boston police officer John Moynihan , circled in white , opening the driver-side door to talk to Angelo West after the car was pulled over during a gunfire investigation . West then immediately jumps out of the car and shoots Moynihan in the face at close range . Officer Moynihan , 34 , was released from the hospital Friday after weeks of recovery . The Boston Police Department described his current condition as ` serious but improving ' The video , captured from the surveillance camera of a nearby store , shows the beginning of the shootout that led to officers firing the fatal shots that killed West . ` This particular incident we had no other choice , ' Evans said about the fatal shooting . ` He had already used deadly force , trying to kill one of my officers , and the officers did what they were trained to do . ' During a press conference , Evans said the video shows that the officers did not have their weapons drawn or have their hands their hands on their weapons when they approached West 's car . Suffolk District Attorney Daniel F. Conley said it was important to release the video to show the community exactly what happened - and why . ` In those instances in which video evidence can inform the public ... it is in everyone 's best interest to share that information as soon as possible , ' Conley said during the press conference . The district attorney said such transparency was necessary to ` tamp down speculation and rumors meant to inflame and not to inform ' . ` Our goal going forward is to ensure that we are one people and one city , ' he said . Evans said Moynihan had seen the video . Angelo West was fatally shot by Moynihan 's colleagues during the shoot-out . Boston Police Commissioner William Evans said that ` during this particular incident ' the officers had no other choice . The video shows how West fired at the other officers after shooting Moynihan while he ran across the street . ` He probably realizes he 's really lucky to be talking at this point , to be shot so suddenly with a .357 Magnum in the face and to be around talking about it , and hopefully to make as much of a full recovery as we think he 's going to , ' he said during the conference , captured by WCVB . But Evans said ` there are no winners here ' . ` We have an officer who was seriously injured , and we have a family who is grieving the loss of a loved one , ' he said . Moynihan was released from the hospital yesterday after weeks of recovering from the gunshot wound . His condition was described as ` serious but improving ' in a statement released by the Boston Police Department . The statement said Moynihan wanted to ` thank and acknowledge the officers on scene for their lightening quick reaction and response that he credits for saving his life ' . Moynihan is a highly decorated military veteran awarded a medal for bravery by President Obama for his involvement in a shoot-out with the Boston Bombing suspects . After the March 28 shooting , Moynihan was placed in an induced coma as he fought for his life . He also had to undergo surgery for the removal of the bullet lodged under his right eye . Moynihan and five other officers approached West 's car to speak to one of his two passengers , alleged gang member Dennis Wilson Jr. . There were reports of gunfire near where Wilson lived and he was tracked down using the GPS coordinates of a bracelet he had to wear while on bail for unrelated charges , according to the Boston Globe . The officers stopped the SUV in two unmarked police vehicles and headed to the car so they could remove Wilson and West 's second passenger Jonathan Aguasvivas , who was wanted on unrelated domestic violence charges . According to the Boston Globe , West has a criminal record including multiple gun , drug and assault charges that go back 24 years . Suffolk District Attorney Daniel F. Conley said it was important to release the video to show the community exactly what happened - and why .