After Tony Blair 's speech in his former constituency of Sedgefield last week , the former PM made an appearance at a low-key private fundraising dinner for 15 Labour target seats . But despite the fact that Blair has a record of three general election victories , only one Shadow Cabinet minister , Chuka Umunna , could be bothered to attend . During a dinner held in an Indian banquet hall in Morden , Blair -LRB- pictured last week in Newton Aycliffe , County Durham -RRB- name-checked Ed Miliband only once , devoting his speech instead to his own achievements . The dashing Shadow Business Secretary is being mentored by Lord Mandelson , the former Blairite Cabinet minister , who wants to see him as the next Labour leader . The programme for the dinner , held in an Indian banquet hall in less-than-glamorous Morden High Street , South London , was littered with errors and even misspelt Umunna 's name . A clearly uncomfortable Blair name-checked Ed Miliband only once , devoting his speech instead to his own achievements . Bizarrely , Blair shared a stage with musician Steve Brookstein , who won the first X Factor ten years ago but whose career sank even faster than Blair 's popularity . Brookstein 's last record -LRB- he had a box full of them to give away -RRB- is an apt metaphor for Blair in the eyes of the current Labour Party . It 's called The Forgotten Man . One of many critics of Blair 's appearance on the election trail was George Galloway , who is fighting to retain Bradford West for the Respect party . He said : ` Blair dripping with blood , pockets stuffed with gold beyond dreams of avarice , comes out fighting for New Labour . ' Galloway is one to talk . Last year he earned £ 303,000 in addition to his MP 's salary , mostly from £ 1,600-an-hour appearances on Iran 's Press TV and Russia Today . The national treasure that is Andrew Marr gets to the heart of what is wrong with the election campaign . ` There 's this thing called the deficit sitting there like a great stinking ordure in the middle of public life . To deal with it , big taxes have to go up . The Tories seem to have forgotten that , ' he writes in The Spectator . ` They now want to spend huge extra amounts of money on the NHS ; Labour has ruled out almost all tax rises for most voters . The other parties want to spend more and do n't want to talk about taxation . ` The deficit ? Apparently if it 's left alone it 's just going to melt away . Huddled-down , risk-averse politicians from all the main parties have decided to treat us like credulous children . ' Dermot Murnaghan brandished Labour 's ` Controls On Immigration ' mug embarrassing . Dermot Murnaghan brandished Labour 's embarrassing ` Controls On Immigration ' mug at the Shadow Home Secretary Yvette Cooper in her Sky News interview yesterday . Cooper coolly took the mug and cleverly turned the slogan away from the cameras . ` A storm in a coffee cup , ' Cooper , aka Mrs Ed Balls , said . The influential Labour Uncut blog says Defence Secretary Michael Fallon 's claim that Red Ed Miliband ` stabbed his own brother in the back ' to lead Labour , and would do the same to Britain by negotiating away Trident , will help the Tories . ` The manner in which Ed Miliband defeated his brother is regularly brought up on the doorstep with Labour canvassers and crystallises discomfort with the idea of Ed Miliband as an untrustworthy leader , ' the website says . ` The gutter is an ugly place to be but ... it 's where elections are won . ' Plaid Cymru is under pressure to dump its candidate for Ceredigion , Mike Parker , for saying in 2001 English-born inhabitants of rural Wales were ` gun-toting final solution crackpots ' . In other words , Nazis . Parker said he was ` young and angry at the time ' . He was 34 . Gaffe of the day : Anna Firth , Tory candidate in Labour-held Erith and Thamesmead , posted pictures of litter on the streets to shame her political opponent -- but they were from streets in neighbouring Bexley , controlled by the Tories who are responsible for refuse collection . Hillary 's now a Tory pin-up . Spotted in Chelmsford yesterday : Simon Burns , the defending Tory MP , wearing a T-shirt and wrist watch emblazoned with the features of his political hero . Not David Cameron but Hillary Clinton , pictured , who announced her candidacy for the Democratic Presidential nomination . Students of American history will know that yesterday was also the 70th anniversary of the death of Franklin D. Roosevelt , America 's longest-serving president , who was a Democrat . Pin-up : Simon Burns , Tory MP in Chelmsford , was spotted wearing a t-shirt with Hillary Clinton on the front .