A Californian man who was abandoned as a baby had a chance to meet the man who saved him from a dumpster 25 years ago . When Robin Barton , 25 , was just four hours old , now-retired Santa Ana police officer Michael Buelna found him abandoned behind a garbage dumpster on November 21 , 1989 . He had heard the sound of a ` very low meow ' and at first thought it was a cat behind the dumpster , but after moving some trash he discovered Barton 's infant body . Scroll down for video . Robin Barton was rescued by Michael Buelna after he was abandoned as an infant -LRB- left -RRB- . The two met for the first time since the incident , which occurred 25 years ago , last week and embraced -LRB- right -RRB- . Barton -LRB- left -RRB- is now 25 years old and said it was ` wonderful ' to finally meet Buelna -LRB- right -RRB- , who saved his life when Barton was just four hours old and his mother abandoned him behind a dumpster . ` I noticed the umbilical cord and he was covered , he still had all the mucus and stuff and all the trash and gravel was sticking to him , ' Buelna told ABC . ` I tried to give him a tiny little bit of breath and he reacted a little bit . ' Though Buelna initially wanted to adopt the boy , who weight just 4 lb 2oz , and name him Adam , Barton 's adoptive parents , Elizabeth Barton and Daniel Fernandez of Orange County , beat him to it . Barton and his adoptive parents had the chance to meet with Buelna last week . It was the first time Buelna has seen Barton since he was abandoned . ` Nice . Wonderful to finally have met you , to see the man who found me first , ' Barton said to Buelna , according to CBS Los Angeles . Barton was adopted by Elizabeth Barton and Daniel Fernandez of Orange County and he said he was ` blessed with a great family ' Buelna said he shares a special bond with Barton because he was left by his mother , too . As a child his mother abandoned him and his four siblings . The pair embraced when they first met and Barton 's parents were glad to finally meet the man who allowed them to have Barton as a child . ` I had the opportunity to shake his hand and look in his eyes and say , `` Thank you for saving his life '' , ' Fernandez said . Barton and Buelna share a special bond , as the retired officer was abandoned by his mother as a young child , too , along with his four siblings . ` I spent over 20 years looking for my mother , ' Buelna told CBS , and he hopes to aid Barton in his search . Buelna initially wanted to adopt Barton , pictured here as an infant , but was beaten to it by Fernandez and Barton . He now hopes to help find the man 's biological mother . Barton said he 's been ` blessed with a great family ' , and he forgives his mother for what she did because she ` was a young woman in a very compromising position ' . His 19-year-old mother , later identified at Sabrina Diaz , was arrested for child endangerment and attempted murder and spend three years in prison . Barton said he 'd like to find her because it would help him get closure on the subject . As for Buelna , he 's simply happy he got to see the baby boy he saved grow up . ` I hoped that some day I would see him again , ' Buelna said . Barton was abandoned behind these dumpsters in November 1989 . Buelna found him because he thought he heard a cat meowing behind the bins .