Hire : Ruba Khandaqji -LRB- here -RRB- was arrested for threatening to hire a hitman to kill Gov. Rick Scott . A Florida pharmacist was arrested Wednesday for calling 911 and telling the dispatcher she was going to hire a hitman to kill Governor Rick Scott . Ruba Khandaqji , 36 , was charged with two counts of corruption by threat against a public official and resisting arrest without violence . Khandaqji called the Osceola County Sheriff 's Office on Monday telling the dispatcher to ` shut up and listen ' as she explained that she was going to hire a hitman and ` kill whomever I can kill ' because she wanted to be deported to Jordan . ' ... your trash governor is torturing me here . I 'm forced to live here , ' the 36-year-old is heard saying in a recording of the 911 call released by the Sheriff 's Office Thursday . ` I hope that this call is recorded . Pass this to your governor . Tell him she is hiring a hitman ... okay ? Got the message ? Great . ' Investigators said Khandaqji repeated her threat to Osceola County deputies Tuesday , Bay News reports . When Florida Department of Law Enforcement agents spoke with Khandaqji at her home in Celebration on Tuesday , the pharmacist told them she did not have to abide by U.S. laws because she was being held against her will by the government , the Orlando Sentinel reports . Law enforcement officials told the Sentinel that Khandaqji told deputies she planned to kill Gov. Rick Scott , which prompted her arrest . Scroll down for video . Hitman : Khandaqji -LRB- photographed -RRB- called the Osceola County Sheriff 's Office on Monday telling the dispatcher that she was going to hire a hitman and ` kill whomever I can kill ' because she wanted to be deported to Jordan . The incident is not the first time Khandaqji drew the attention of the FDLE . Authorities say she has a history of mental instability and has come to authorities ' attention four times in the last three months . On March 5 , U.S. Capitol Police notified FDLE agents that she was in Washington D.C. attempting to meet with Department of State members to ` demand her deportation , ' the Sentinel reports . One month earlier , agents spoke with Khandaqji after she sent , what they called , ` alarming comments ' to Scott on a state website . Alarming : Authorities spoke with Khandaqji in February after she sent , what they called , ` alarming comments ' to Scott on a state website . She reportedly wrote : ` I -LRB- sic -RRB- suggests that you keep Florida safe ... So you should start a -LRB- sic -RRB- deporation procedure for me to my homeland tonight . -LRB- sic -RRB- Got it . ' In both incidents , agents decided she was not a threat . Khandaqji is being held at the Osceola County jail on $ 5,000 bail .