A New York City skin clinic 's popular new laser treatment promises to tighten skin and improve complexion - if clients are brave enough to sign a waiver releasing their personal information to a funeral director and a coroner first . Manhattan-based Skin Laundry says that after just ten minutes , their Light and Laser procedure will leave your skin ` glowing ' , while also promising that long-term use will reduce wrinkles , clear acne , and minimize scarring . With these claims , the quickie treatment seems perfect on paper - unless that paper is in the mandatory eight-page contract that one client told the New York Post was like ` a Dickens novel ' , and includes wording that prepares for the possible death of the client . But that has n't stopped skin-obsessed New Yorkers from flocking to the Manhattan location . Scroll down for video . Risky regimen : To get Skin Laundry 's popular laser facial , clients must sign a waiver that releases their personal information to a funeral director and a coroner . ` Although rare , potential risks include blistering , crusting , itching , pain , bruising , skin whitening and/or hyperpigmentation , burns , infection , scabbing , scarring and swelling , ' reads the waiver clients sign on an iPad before beginning their treatments . Then , of course , there are the more fatal risks . Clients also agree to release their personal information to a funeral director and a coroner ` for identification purposes ' , as well as grant permission for their organs to be donated . Yet despite such ominous language , fans of the ` addictive ' procedure seem undeterred . In fact , the clinic has even had to extend its hours in order to accommodate all of its bookings - and frequent visitors are known to bring in cookies for the staff to thank them for doing such a good job . ` You can say I 'm hooked , ' Josh Hatfield , 27 , told the Post , adding that he 's been to the clinic about 20 times so far . At $ 100 a pop , that 's some pretty pricey skin ` maintenance ' , as Mr. Hatfield calls it . For regulars like him , however , Skin Laundry offers bulk-buy packages that are sold at a discount ; Mr. Hatfield has a $ 360-per-month membership that grants him eight treatments . Booming business : The New York location is the sixth for Skin Laundry , which also has clinics in California and Arizona . ` We 're the future of facials , ' said founder Yen Reis , 36 , who gets the treatment two or three times a week herself . This particular facial is a two-step process , which the clinic says provides a deep clean for skin . Clients don protective goggles as a nurse runs a laser over their faces twice . Gel is slathered on the skin , followed by a pulsed light also applied by the nurse . In addition to the slightly troubling legal documents each client is required to sign , the treatment itself is not completely free from unpleasant side effects -- including an unpleasant smell which a number of clients noted during their first treatment . ` The laser 's cleaning your face . It 's deep cleansing , ' a nurse explains to blogger Carla Mickelborg in a video Carla took during her treatment . ` So that 's what your 're smelling . ' Clients may not feel the need to worry about suspicious smells and potential health risks however because , despite the necessity of the waiver , there have been no reported deaths from the procedure so far . There have , though , been several claims that the treatment works , and word of mouth has proven a powerful promoter of its benefits . Skin spa : Clients of Skin Laundry 's facial lay down while a nurse uses a laser and pulsing light on their skin . Her own biggest fan : Founder Yen Reis , pictured , says she gets her company 's signature skin treatment two to three times a week . ` If I had n't had -LSB- my friend 's -RSB- testimonial beforehand , I may have backed out -LSB- when I saw the waiver -RSB- , ' said beauty blogger Amber Katz . Jacqueline Caterina , 33 , added that she has seen an improvement to her acne scars since starting to regularly visit Skin Therapy : ` After a couple of weeks I was like , `` Wow ! '' ' However , NYC-based plastic surgeon Dr. Norman Rowe told the Post that he questions the effectiveness of the treatments , noting that they are n't very powerful if clients need to go so frequently . Still , Skin Therapy does have a number of regular customers , allowing the company to expand to a total of six locations , with four in California and one in Scottsdale , Arizona .