The European Union will today accuse Google of illegally abusing its supremacy on the internet search market . Brussels will say that Google has used its massive dominance as a search engine to divert internet users from rivals to its own services , which include YouTube and the Google + social network . In one of the most high-profile competition cases of recent years , Europe could fine Google more than £ 4 billion amid a wave of political opposition in Europe to the perceived dominance of US tech companies . Google currently boasts a 90 per cent share in Europe 's search engine market . The European Union will accuse Google of illegally abusing its supremacy on the internet search market . But the ruling - the result of a five-year investigation into the American search giant -- means Google may ultimately have to change its business model and pay multi-billion pound fines to Brussels . Margrethe Vestager , the EU 's competition commissioner , will today serve the company with a formal charge sheet alleging that it breached anti-trust rules , according to the Financial Times . Google 's competitors , including the computer giant Microsoft and sites such as travel booking firm Expedia and TripAdvisor , claim that its method of promoting its own companies above rivals on its search site stops them competing on a level playing field . And in a further blow to Google , the EU is also expected to probe Google 's operating system for Android smartphones . The investigation will centre on whether Google imposes restrictions on phone makers that force them to favour their own apps , such as YouTube . Google has previously rejected the allegations , and insisted that Android is an open platform that is distributed for free . Margrethe Vestager , the EU 's competition commissioner , will today serve Google with a formal charge sheet . After charges are issued , Google will have ten weeks to reply to Brussels , according to the Financial Times . They will also get the chance to argue their case in a formal hearing . The investigation into Google began in 2010 but was repeatedly delayed because the commission could not agree on settlement terms . Google offered three settlement proposals to resolve the case . Most recently , just over a year ago , it offered to give competing products and services bigger visibility on its website . However Europe initially accepted that deal , only to reverse the decision six months later and demand more concessions . Vestager , Europe 's competition boss who was the inspiration for the hit Danish political drama series Borgen , took over the job in November and vowed to take Google on . Insiders claim the case could prove just as costly as the EU 's decade-long battle with Microsoft , which ultimately cost the company £ 1.6 billion in fines . If Google fails to rebut any formal charges imposed by Brussels , the commission could impose a huge fine which could exceed £ 4 billion - about 10 per cent of Google 's most recent annual revenue . The move will stop short of previous threats that the EU executive could consider breaking up Google to separate its business from the search engine . Google has faced searching antitrust questions across three continents for several years . But the latest move by the EU marks the first time the company has been accused of wrongdoing . The search engine is far more dominant in Europe than it is in the United States -- where rivals like Microsoft 's Bing enjoy a share of the market . And there has been fierce opposition to the dominance of Google from many countries in the EU . In fact twenty complainants want the search engine to abide by strict rules than ensure it treats its own services the same as it would its rivals . More than two dozen European organisations have filed antitrust complaints against Google . Many are from powerful publishing groups and online firms in Germany . They have previously called on the European regulator to force the American search engine to stop blocking competition in areas like online maps , shopping and travel services . And in France , lawyers have this week called on Google to reveal its secret formula for ranking websites -- but Google argues such transparency would expose its business secrets to rivals and leave the search engine vulnerable to spam . Google and the EU commission declined to comment last night . Vestager 's department is also looking into the tax affairs of Amazon , Starbucks , Fiat and Apple . In a recent Sunday Times article she said big companies should pay more as they ` are part of our society . ' Insiders claim the case could prove just as costly as the EU 's decade-long battle with Microsoft .