Fernando Alonso , whose youthful brilliance usurped even Michael Schumacher in the autumn of his career , considered a life beyond Formula One . This full-blooded driver , who has proved himself probably the best of his generation during 15 dazzling yet sometimes turbulent seasons , said McLaren would be his last team and that when he walks out of the paddock for ever he will barely take a backward glance . ` I will close the loop on that part of my life , ' he said ahead of Sunday 's Chinese Grand Prix . Fernando Alonso says he will retire from Formula One once his deal with McLaren-Honda comes to an end . ` I started with McLaren-Honda when I was three years old -- a replica from my father ; I will finish with McLaren-Honda , but the real one . That will be one third of my life . It will end with great experiences , great memories , great friendships , but normal life will start the day I retire . I do n't think I 'll become a driver manager or anything . After 15 or 16 or 17 years of Formula One it 's enough . ' Such are McLaren 's difficulties that Alonso may finish his career with two titles , a noble haul but fewer than his talents warrant -- and fewer than anyone could have imagined when the Spaniard , then driving for Renault , denied Schumacher a record eighth crown in 2006 . But Alonso , 33 , is almost self-consciously happy about his lot despite leaving Ferrari to join McLaren , who are struggling for pace and reliability . Alonso left McLaren in 2007 after a bitter year but says he is glad to be back for the 2015 season . McLaren have struggled for pace - and with mechanical faults - during the first two Grand Prix of the season . ` I was second in the championship with Ferrari three times and I did n't want to be second for a fourth time , ' he said . ` If they win the championship , I might have another opinion on leaving . I 've been lucky to win championships and to win many grands prix , but now sometimes I feel happier and prouder doing the things we are doing now as a team than winning a trophy . ` There are times when you arrive at a maturity and stage of mind that gives you different priorities in life . ' That was one of the great racers talking as he has never talked before . Alonso celebrates after winning the world championship with Renault in 2005 .