They 're professionally trained to project their voices for stage and screen , so it 's unsurprising that the nation 's most popular actors might use one of their best assets to secure lucrative work with the best deals said to be worth around £ 50,000 . However , while voiceover work might be a salary-boosting sideline , it can go down like a lead balloon with other employers , as Coronation Street actress Katy Cavanagh discovered to her peril recently . Executives at Coronation Street have reportedly just overturned a ban on their cast offering their dulcet tones to radio advertising campaigns after rumours of a near-mutiny among its actors , the catalyst for which was Katy 's extensive voiceover work . Put a sock in it : In the past Corrie has reportedly tried to silence its stars when they 've asked to do voiceover work for television adverts . Complaints from actors have led bosses to revise the ban . Katy , who played Julie Carp on the Coronation Street , pictured here on set with actor Jimmi Harkishin , has been the voice behind many ad campaigns including Whitbread , Lancome , iPlayer Restart and Nestle Kit Kats . According to the Sun , one of the soap 's biggest names , Katy Cavanagh , who until last month played Julie Carp , was said to have been given a telling off for taking on a voiceover job for the BBC iPlayer Restart . The show 's bosses were said to be disgruntled that Katy was lending her voice to a rival station and thus potentially advertising the Street 's biggest competitor , EastEnders . Pressure from fellow actors is said to have caused bosses to relent and enable their ` talent ' to take on radio voiceover jobs , although television adverts are said to still be strictly forbidden . For those actors not tied to tricky contracts , the voiceover world can be a very rewarding one with plenty of big-name companies prepared to put their money where their mouths are if it means securing a star that they feel might help them sell more of their product . From Benedict Cumberbatch to Cilla Black , it seems everyone is happy to get behind a microphone and cash in . Below , we look at the stars who 've lent their vocal chords to various campaigns : . We could listen to him all day ... Benedict Cumberbatch has occasionally branched out from acting to lend his voice to advertising campaigns . Brands that have snapped up the Sherlock star include Jaguar , Dunlop and Pedigree dog food . BENEDICT CUMBERBATCH . The Imitation Game star may be one of the hottest properties in Hollywood but that has n't stopped the Sherlock actor from enjoying the other opportunities that have come his way . With his particular brand of well spoken English , it 's unsurprising that upmarket car manufacturer Jaguar chose him to talk over their ads . A little more surprising is that Mr C also provided the audio for Pedigree dog food . Last summer , the star was paid a rumoured six-figure sum to help the dog-friendly company get their message across about pet dental hygiene . Woof , woof . NOEL FIELDING . With his wacky image and the coolest set of friends on the block , The Mighty Boosh frontman might not seem like someone who you 'd naturally choose to advertise a mobile phone company but money talks and Noel Fielding can count Vodafone amongst his voiceover clients . THIERRY HENRY . He uttered the phrase ` Va va voom ' and a million women fell in love . Thierry Henry , now playing football in New York , is still available for voiceover work but may never reach the dizzying heights of those Renault ads , which launched his career away from the pitch and also saw him marry his co-star Nicole Merry . The couple have since divorced . The Frenchman 's other ads have included Nike and Pepsi . Pitch perfect : Olivia Colman 's distinctive intonation has seen her voice used in plenty of advertising campaigns including for Andrex toilet tissue -LRB- pictured -RRB- , Sainsbury 's and Airwick . Money down the pan : Gavin and Stacey star Rob Brydon used voiceover work to boost his income inbetween jobs before making it big . Clients included Duck toilet cleaner . OLIVIA COLMAN . The Broadchurch star has become one of the nation 's favourite actresses but can boast a surprisingly varied career in the world of voiceovers too . Thanks to her distinctive intonation , Olivia has laid down vocals for companies that include Andrex , Sky Box Office , Sainsbury 's and Airwick . Now that Olivia is expecting a baby at 41 , might she turn to the less demanding world of voiceover work once more ? BILL NIGHY . The Love Actually actor , 65 , has a prolific voiceover portfolio , having got behind the microphone for campaigns for brands including Argos , Lovefilm , Expedia , Costa Coffee and Toyota . He 's described by voice over agency Qvoice as : ` a cool , confident , sharp , witty and well-loved English gent with a distinctive familiar and trustworthy delivery . ' LIAM NEESON . He 's the proudest of Irishmen so it 's no surprise that Liam Neeson might put his name to a campaign that would entice visitors to descend upon his homeland for a holiday . For St Patrick 's Day this year , the Hollywood actor 's velvety tones could be heard on the Tourism Ireland video promoting the Emerald Isle . Neeson said he was happy the 60-second clip would help ` nations come together to celebrate the fun and warmth of the Irish ' . The gift of the gab : Liam Neeson recently voiced adverts for Tourism Ireland , which promoted visitors to the Emerald Isle ahead of St Patrick 's Day in mid March . Plenty of cash : Eastenders star Shane Richie has used his cockney sparrow vocals to secure work for companies such as Sony Ericcson , Bounty and Plenty kitchen roll -LRB- pictured right -RRB- . In 1973 , Elvis Costello 's father Ross MacManus sang the famous R Whites lemonade song , The Secret Lemonade Drinker . Acted by actor and mime Julian Chagrin , Ross lent his voice - and his son , who was then known as Declan , rather than Elvis - provided the backing vocals in the cult ad which ran until 1984 and featured a man in striped pyjamas creeping downstairs to raid the fridge for the fizzy drink . Elvis Costello 's father sang the famous lyrics , ` I 'm a secret lemonade drinker ' in the R Whites ad . JULIAN CLARY . It 's an instantly recognisable voice , charged with camp and irony . Comedian Julian Clary has supplemented his stand-up and television work by putting down his arch tones for companies such as WHSmiths , Argos and Direct Flooring . Clary is also the voice behind Little Princess , a show for toddlers about a mischievous young royal that appears on Channel 5 . ROB BRYDON . Before finding fame in Gavin And Stacey , Dad-of-five Brydon brought home the bacon with various voiceover jobs ; his Welsh lilt in demand by the likes of Tesco , Renault , Tango , Abbey National and Sainsbury 's . The comedian has described himself as ` affable ' , a style which clearly goes down well with the nation 's consumers . DERVLA KIRWAN . The Irish actress has plenty of stage and screen roles behind her including Ballykissangel and Goodnight Sweetheart but one , very brief , advert has put her into advertising folklore . When she seductively described a chocolate pudding for a Marks and Spencer 's advert in 2005 , sales soared . She said at the time : ` I went totally over the top . When I hear them on the radio I ca n't stop laughing . I can barely believe it 's me . ' The ` This is not just food ... ' advert was so successful it was reborn again last year ... and spawned plenty of spoofs on the internet . NICOLA WALKER . The Last Tango in Halifax star has become one of the most popular faces on screen in recent years . Her voice is pretty recognisable too having provided the soundtrack for adverts for Nationwide , Toyota , Freeview and Max Factor amongst others . The right voice can make millions for a company , as Irish actress Dervla Kirwan proved for m & s in 2005 . How do you make a chocolate pudding sound sexy ? Irish actress Dervla Kirwan managed it in 2005 for Marks and Spencer ... sales promptly soared and the company used a similar format again last year . The higher end of the vocal range : The master of squeak Joe Pasquale has put his unique voice on ads for National Accident Helpline , while Julian Clary has camped it up for WHSmiths , Argos and Direct Flooring . SHANE RICHIE . As a leading character in Eastenders , Shane Richie 's East End twang has long since been his trademark . The London-born actor has used his larynx to great effect in the world of voiceovers , using it to promote Jaffa Cakes , Bounty , Sony Ericsson and Plenty kitchen roll . JOE PASQUALE . The squeaky-voiced comedian has been blessed with one of life 's more interesting-sounding voiceboxes so it 's unsurprising that he 's in demand . Previous work includes the National Accident Helpline and Camelot . JEANNE MARINE . Bob Geldolf 's partner , French-born actress Jeanne Marine has worked her Gallic magic on adverts for brands including Evian and Citroen . SALLY LINDSAY . Regional accents can pull in the biggest contracts . Former Coronation Street actress Sally Lindsay has put her Stockport voice to good use in ads for Sainsbury 's , Bet 365 , Google + and Aardman . Northern charm : The Mighty Boosh star Noel Fielding advertised Vodafone while Happy Valley star Sally Lindsay has put her Stockport accent to good use in ads for Sainsbury 's , Bet 365 and Aardman .