Dick Advocaat will not make the same mistake he did during his first season at Rangers by playing down the significance of the Old Firm derby . The 67-year-old takes charge of Sunderland for the first time on home soil tomorrow with North-East adversaries Newcastle the visitors . It was back in 1998 that Advocaat said the Old Firm clash was just another game . Celtic won 5-1 and the Dutch boss was criticised by fans and the media for under-estimating the intensity of the rivalry . Sunderland boss Dick Advocaat insists he will not underestiamte the signficance of the Wear-Tyne Derby . Advocaat and assistant manager Paul Bracewell oversee training ahead of Sunday 's crucial derby fixture . Sunderland striker Jermain Defoe -LRB- centre -RRB- trains with his team-mates ahead of the game with Newcastle . Rangers ' Rod Wallace -LRB- centre -RRB- runs forward with the ball as his side are thrashed 5-1 by Celtic in 1998 . Advocaat had failed to recognise the significance of the Old Firm fixture and this led to a humiliating loss . He recalled : ` To be honest , I did not realise at that moment it was so huge . ` We lost that game and I remember saying in the press conference when they were really upset , ` It is no problem for me because it is just one of 38 games and we will not lose any more ' . ` I would not say that anymore ! But we became champions that year , six points ahead of Celtic , and won the treble . ' Advocaat , though , does admit that his thoughts are trained on three points and not the notion of regional bragging rights . Indeed , the Black Cats are one point above the relegation zone and could be in the bottom three by kick-off . ` Every game is a chance to get a result -- and that starts on Sunday , ' said Advocaat , who could start Adam Johnson for the first time following his arrest on suspicion of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl . Sunderland 's Adam Johnson was recently arrested on suspicion of sexual activity with an under-age girl . Advocaat is still considering starting the 27-year-old England international in the Wear-Tyne derby . ` If we win the fans might like me , yes , but I would prefer it if they loved me at the end of the season because that would mean we have stayed up . ' Sunderland have won just twice at home all season . They have struggled amid an atmosphere of unrest at the Stadium of Light , but that should change tomorrow given the unveiling of Advocaat and the opponents . ` For us , this must be a weapon , ' said Advocaat when asked about the home crowd . ` That is the reason I said it is so important to get them behind us , because it is an extra weapon . If the players feel that , they will give even more and I expect that the fans will do that . This is a special game . ' Sunderland midfielder Will Buckley -LRB- centre -RRB- dribbles with the ball during training at the Academy of Light .