If a picture is worth a thousand words , then Jonathon Keats figures a picture can also span a thousand years . Keats , a San Francisco writer and self-described experimental philosopher and conceptual artist , has designed a ` millennium camera ' that he intends to mount in a churchless steeple on a college campus . He hopes the resulting photograph will chronicle climate change by taking a 1,000-year exposure of a western Massachusetts mountain range . Jonathan Keats , an experimental philosopher , hopes to capture 1,000 years of changes at a mountain range in Massachusetts with his ` millennium camera ' The camera , which is made of cooper and allows light to enter through a tiny hole and change paint inside , will create one image that Keats says will display centuries of changes to the environment . If it seems far-fetched , consider that some of Keats ' previous endeavors include selling tracts of real estate in the theoretical extra dimensions of space-time and opening a photosynthetic restaurant that serves gourmet sunlight to plants . He has also been involved in choreographing honeybees ; copyrighting his own mind to give his ` intellectual property ' a 70-year post-life extension ; and , controversially , joining in a bid to genetically engineer God . Even at his quirkiest , Keats notes he always has a serious message to deliver . In the case of the millennium camera -- a cylindrical device small and light enough to hold in one hand but hopefully durable enough to survive the centuries -- it 's encouraging people to think beyond their own human lifespan to what geologists call deep time , the lengthy periods in which the world changes on a grand scale . ` We need to find a way to think in deep time if we are to responsibly make use of the technologies we have , ' he says . ` So the camera is intended , in a sense , as a mental prosthesis , as a way of creating some sort of a feedback loop in deep time , where setting up the camera now , looking out into the far future , allows for people who are alive in the far future to see the decisions we made through the effect that they had . ' But will it work ? The camera will be place on the Stearns Steeple , and the Mead Art Museum at Amherst plans on holding an exhibition to show the resulting photo in the 3015 . Keats hopes that the long-term photograph will make people think about time frames longer than their lives , such as the centuries that it takes for nature such as the Holyoke mountain range -LRB- pictured -RRB- to transform . Even Keats ca n't say for sure . Nor is he certain humans will be around in 3015 . Nor , assuming they are , that someone will know to retrieve the camera and open it . A thousand years is , after all , a long time . In 1015 , the Norman conquest of England was still more than 50 years away , the first crusade was more than 80 years away , and Columbus would not reach the New World for another 477 years . The camera , Keats explains , is very simple , so simple that nothing mechanically should fail . ` Which of course is the wrong thing to say , because then it will , ' he quickly adds . It begins as the old science fair standby , the pinhole camera , which allows light to enter through a tiny aperture . But since pinhole cameras are n't designed to last a thousand years , Keats made his of copper because of its resistance to corrosion . The pinhole he pierced through a rugged 24-karat gold plate . To capture the exposure , Keats adapted a Renaissance art technique by using rose madder , a sturdy , organic-based oil paint , applied directly to the copper in the back of the camera . Digital photography was impractical , and he ruled out using film because it would deteriorate too quickly and besides , there 's always the chance by 3015 that society will revert to another dark age , without photochemical processing skills . ` All you have to do is open up the camera and you 'll see the image , ' Keats says . That image will be of the Holyoke Range , a modest but picturesque mountain chain that scientists believe has existed for 200 million years . What a denizen of the 31st century would see is not a before-and-after image , not what today we might call time-lapse photography , but rather one picture depicting a millennium of change . For example , if the now heavily forested area were to gradually turn to grasslands , the trees , Keats predicts , will linger on the photograph as ghostly reminders of a prior period , set against the bolder outline of the more recent landscape . ` So what you 're getting in a sense is ... a movie of the full period , of the full thousand years , but all compressed into a single frame , ' he says . Stearns Steeple at bucolic Amherst College , where Keats studied philosophy in the 1990s , will serve as the camera 's tripod of sorts . Keats says that his ambitious project to make people think about ` deep time ' may be a failure . Above , he explains his project at Amherst College . The philosopher and journalist hopes that citizens of the 31st century will look at his image taken from a camera on Stearns Steeple at Amherst College . Once part of Stearns Church , the Gothic Revival steeple was retained as a freestanding structure after the church was demolished in 1949 . Keats hopes such resiliency bodes well for its long-term survival . The camera is currently on display steps away from the steeple at the school 's Mead Art Museum , where it has generated a mix of interest and skepticism from visitors , according to the museum 's curator , Vanja Malloy . ` It might seem silly , and people might say , ` What 's the point of a camera with an exposure you 'll never see in your lifetime , what 's the point of any of it ? '' Malloy says . ` But the fact that it is provocative in that way is what 's so powerful about it . ' Later this spring , Keats will ascend a harrowing set of wooden stairs inside the dusty steeple , position the camera and open its shutter , beginning what he believes will be history 's longest exposure . He has n't sought a patent for the device , which he estimates costs about $ 100 in raw materials to build , saying he wants others to copy it and place their own millennium cameras strategically around the world . ` I 'm well overstating the case for these cameras , ' he concedes . ` I realize -LRB- it -RRB- may seem like a supreme act of egotism . It 's probably also an extreme act of naivety on my part . But I think you just have to give it a try . ' He says it may take 10,000 years for humanity perfect the process of 1,000-year photos . The philosopher set up a similar 1,000-year camera at the Arizona State University Art Museum 's sculpture garden as part of an effort to capture how the next millennium change Tempe , Arizona . The Amherst museum and the Arizona museum both plan to exhibit the photographs in 3015 . He also gave 100-year cameras to some resident of Berlin , Germany , last year , he told Big Think .