One Direction star Niall Horan has led the tributes to BBC broadcaster Colin Bloomfield who has died from skin cancer , aged just 33 . Bloomfield , who worked at BBC Radio Derby for 10 years as a presenter , reporter and Derby County commentator , died at a hospice near his hometown of Shrewsbury yesterday morning . Fellow broadcasters have paid tribute to the ` perfect colleague ' and ` consummate professional ' whose positive outlook on life made him such a popular figure . And Derby County supporter Niall Horan , who is one quarter of boyband One Direction , has also described Bloomfield as a ` super great guy and great commentator ' . Hugely popular BBC Derby broadcaster Colin Bloomfield has died aged 33 after battling skin cancer . One Direction star and Derby County supporter Niall Horan -LRB- pictured together -RRB- was among the first to pay tribute to Bloomfield , who passed away yesterday at a hospice in Shrewsbury following a battle with cancer . The star , who has met Bloomfield several times , said on Twitter : ` Sad to hear to hear of the passing of Colin Bloomfield . He was a super great guy and great commentator . ` And had a huge passion for Derby county , he will be sadly missed around the ground , condolences to his family and friends . ' Bloomfield lost his battle with cancer after it spread around his body from a cancerous mole . The malignant melanoma was removed from his leg 10 years ago but returned in 2013 and last year he was given only months to live . Heartbroken colleagues paid tribute to the talented broadcaster following the news he had passed away at 7.05 am yesterday . Radio Derby 's editor Simon Cornes said : ` Reporter , producer , commentator , presenter - Colin was all of those . ` You 're lucky in radio if you 're good at one of these things but Colin 's talent was a rare one and he was extraordinarily accomplished at all of them . He made it seem easy . We know it is n't . ` If you were designing the perfect colleague you 'd come up with Colin . His modesty was disarming but it was his warmth and his positive attitude to life that made him so popular with everyone at Radio Derby . ` We 've lost our friend but it 's a mark of the man that so many of our listeners feel they 've lost their friend too . All of us are going to miss him dreadfully . ' Bloomfield -LRB- pictured with fellow broadcasters Ant and Dec -RRB- died early yesterday morning at the age of 33 . Dozens left emotional tributes to Bloomfield on Twitter last night , including Niall Horan from One Direction , Burton Albion manager Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink and glamour model Maria Fowler . Derby County spokesman Colin Gibson , who had worked with Bloomfield at BBC Radio Derby , said : ` As a broadcaster he was the consummate professional . ` He could be - at one time - eulogising about what was happening at Neighbours and the next turn he 'd being interviewing the prime minister and he would do them both brilliantly . He could really turn his hand to anything . ` His bravery during his fight with cancer had to be admired , preferring always to talk about the Rams or his beloved Shrewsbury Town rather than the pain he was going through . ' Derby County president Sam Rush said : ` He will be sadly missed by everyone at Derby County Football Club as we had a tremendous working relationship with him . ` He can only be described as an inspirational individual and both a wonderful and humble young man . ' At Derby 's match away at Millwall yesterday that finished 3-3 , Rams ' supporters chanted his name , singing ` there 's only one Colin Bloomfield ' . And as Shrewsbury Town won promotion to League One after beating Cheltenham Town 1-0 , the Shrewsbury players revealed t-shirts paying tribute to Bloomfield . Posting the tribute on its official Twitter page later , the club accompanied a picture of the players with : ` FOR THE FANS : Shrewsbury Town players don shirts with Colin Bloomfield and Lloyd Burton on ! ' Lloyd Burton , a young supporter of the club , also lost his battle with cancer this week . As Shrewsbury Town won promotion to League One after beating Cheltenham Town 1-0 yesterday , the Shrewsbury players revealed T-shirts paying tribute to Bloomfield and young supporter Lloyd Burton , who also passed away from cancer this week . The T-shirts read : ` For you Lloyd Burton and Chris Bloomfield ' -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Also paying tribute was fellow broadcaster Jake Humphrey , who wrote on Twitter : ` Devastated Colin Bloomfield has lost his fight . Ten minutes on the phone to him and you were walking on air all day . ' Henry Winter , from the Daily Telegraph , added : ` RIP Colin Bloomfield . Hugely respected BBC football commentator and presenter . Only 33 . Thoughts with his family , friends and colleagues . ' And broadcaster Mike Sewell said : ` Extremely sad to hear that broadcaster Colin Bloomfield has passed away . Life is precious and at times cruelly short . RIP . ' Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink , manager of League Two side Burton Albion , wrote : ` I might add deeply saddened by the untimely death of the very popular BBC presenter Colin Bloomfield . ' Maria Fowler , a glamour model and former The Only Way Is Essex star who grew up in Derby , also paid tribute to Bloomfield . In a series of messages , she said : ` I 've just heard the news and am so so sad . Rest in Peace Colin Bloomfield . A truly brave and amazing man . You were amazing . I 'm so sad . ` I 'm so so sad . You were so brave Colin and now with the Angels . You will be so missed by everyone in Derby . ' And Bloomfield 's former colleague Jonno Baker wrote : ` Rest In Peace to my friend and the bravest man I 've ever known . You were an incredible person . ' Bloomfield -LRB- pictured -RRB- had set up a charity appeal prompted by his diagnosis which has so far raised £ 60,000 . These were the last tweets written by Colin Bloomfield , who passed away at a hospice near Shrewsbury today . Bloomfield 's most recent battle with melanoma started in September 2013 , but he was no stranger to the disease having first encountered it in 2001 . A cancerous mole was operated on and turned out to be a malignant melanoma . Five years later , in 2006 , he was given the all-clear . But in May 2013 , he discovered a lump on his groin . Since then he had been undergoing various treatments and initially that helped shrink some of the tumours in his brains and lungs . However , further scans in the last few weeks revealed the tumours in his brain were increasing in size and earlier this month , he went to a hospice near his home town of Shrewsbury . After a courageous fight , he lost his final battle at 7.05 am yesterday morning . A charity appeal prompted by his diagnosis has so far raised £ 60,000 in just over two months . The money will be used to make hundreds of schools in Derbyshire and East Staffordshire ` sun safe ' , by educating youngsters about skin cancer prevention .