A chef has created a 10in-tall , half-kilogram burger piled with six forms of three different meats and containing a whopping 2,000 calories . The Whole Damn Farm , which costs £ 13.50 , is the creation of Sam Longhurst , head chef of Splendid Kitchen , Manchester . He devised the mega meal - which contains two beef patties and a whole fried chicken thigh - after he was challenged by diners to create a burger containing three kinds of meat . The Whole Damn Farm burger features two beef burgers , homemade bacon jam , ham chunks , a whole chicken thigh , barbequed pulled pork and bacon rashers . Ready , get set , go ! Customer Angela Fox gets ready to take on the mighty meat challenge . The monstrous meat feast has two beef burgers weighing 220g , a layer of homemade bacon jam , 100g of ham chunks and a 150g whole battered and fried chicken thigh . Added to that is 80g of barbequed pulled pork and four rashers of bacon all sandwiched between two brioche buns . With a meat equivalent of six Big Macs the burger was created after a customer presented with the restaurant 's ` Cow & Chicken ' burger - a feast in its own right - remarked , ` It 's almost the whole damn farm . ' Mr Longhurst said : ` We are always up for a challenge and when a customer seemed disappointed by a burger that only contained beef and chicken , we knew we had to take it one step further . ` You could say we 've taken it several steps further as there are six different forms of meat on there . I think it 'll keep the punters satisfied . ' The head chef joined forces with owner Mike Edge to set out to achieve what might constitute a whole farmyard of animals in one meal . Chef Sam Longhurst from the Splendid Kitchen restaurant in Manchester with his mega burger . Encased between a semi-brioche bun are : . Two beef burgers weighing 220g . Layer of homemade bacon jam . 100g of ham chunks . A whole chicken thigh weighing 150g . 80g of barbequed pulled pork . Four rashers of bacon . Mr Longhurst , who lives in Salford with his wife and eight-year-old son Matthew , said : ` It 's amusing when people are cocky and decide to go for it , as it 's a monster of a burger and they do n't realise that . I have only just managed to eat it myself . ` It 's loads of fun making stuff that 's a little bit ridiculous . I experiment with cooking at home too . ` Matthew and I will make homemade burgers stuffed with cheese and cold meats , so I think of The Whole Damn Farm burger as a supersized version of that . ` I think Matthew would be scared of it , to be honest , a burger the same size as his head . ' Mr Edge said : ` We wanted something show-stopping ; we have n't gone down the road of using crisps and sweets as toppings , where it starts to get silly . ` All our dishes are quite fresh-tasting with just the odd strange ingredient . '