Loss : Audrie Pott , 15 , killed herself in 2012 after she was sexually assaulted at a party . Two of her attackers have finally apologized and admitted she was unconscious during the ` criminal act ' Two teenagers have finally apologized for sexually assaulting a 15-year-old girl who later committed suicide after images of the attack were shared around her high school . The pair , who have not been named , admitted Audrie Pott was unconscious at the time and did not consent to their ` criminal acts ' as they reached a civil settlement with her family . They also apologized for sharing false rumors spread around Saratoga High School in Northern California that ` served to shame and humiliate her ' . The teenager fell asleep after drinking Gatorade laced with vodka at a friend 's party in their hometown of Saratoga . She awoke to find her pants off and lewd comments scribbled over her body . Her family says she hanged herself days later after learning cellphone photos were taken of her during the assault and shared through text messages . Audrie 's parents , Lawrence and Sheila Pott , filed a civil lawsuit against the boys to hold them more accountable for their actions . Their attorney , Bob Allard , said the parents decided to settle with one of the teens because he showed remorse and ` told the truth ' about what happened to Audrie . Now the final two teens have reached an agreement after initially refusing to say sorry - reportedly paying $ 950,000 to the devastated family . As part of the settlement , they were also made to release a lengthy apology and will have to give presentations about ` sexting ' , sharing nude photos , ` slut-shaming ' and the dangers of alcohol . The pair said : ` We apologize that we said things that made it seem like Audrie invited or encouraged these acts . ` We admit that we committed these acts and shared inappropriate images of Audrie to others . ` Audrie was n't conscious during these criminal acts that we committed and did not consent to what we did . ' They also apologized for false rumors that ` served to shame and humiliate her ' . It continued : ` We would like every teenager out there to understand that words about someone 's character can have a life altering effect . That taking advantage of an incapacitated human being is a crime each and every time . They also said they would participate and support a petition to to the Saratoga High School Administration to give Audrie an honorary diploma , because their ` actions contributed to prevent her from graduating . During a hearing on Friday , the boys stood up and apologized to the courtroom , including Audrie 's parents , to mark the signing of the agreement . According to the San Jose Mercury , one of them said : ` I wish Audrie was still here , and I miss her a lot . She was a great person who did n't deserve anything that happened to her due to my actions . I apologize . I wish I could make it right . ' Anger : Larry Pott and and Audrie 's stepmother and his second wife Lisa , have finally settled their lawsuit against two of their daughter 's attackers after one admitted and apologized . Grieving : Audrie 's mother , Sheila Pott , found her daughter hanging in the bathroom in September 2012 . Tormentors : The three teenagers -LRB- pictured with their faces obscured -RRB- pleaded guilty to sexual assault last year and were sentenced to 30-45 days in a juvenile detention facility . The second teen , who is now a senior at Christopher High in Gilroy , said that if he could , he would ` take back the pain and suffering I caused Audrie and the Pott family . This has caused a tragedy to all involved due to my actions . ' He added : ` I will do everything I can to mentor teens to not do what I did in September 2012 . ' The teenagers also agreed to be interviewed in a documentary film already in production about the case . The three attackers , all classmates , were prosecuted in private juvenile proceedings and sentenced to between 30 and 45 days in juvenile hall . Two continue to attend Saratoga High , while the third transferred to high school about an hour south in Gilroy . Allard said that had the two other teens apologized , they might not have been sued . ` If they had simply knocked on the door of the Pott household , apologized , accepted responsibility and jumped headfirst into our quest to educate our youth by , for example , speaking at high schools about the mistakes they made and how this can be prevented , there would be no civil lawsuit , ' Allard said . Audrie 's parents led the campaign to pass a California law which allows prosecutors to seek harsher sentences for juvenile sex offenders who take pictures of their crimes and use them to bully the victims . The trio of teenagers whom Daily Mail Online is not identifying because they are minors , pleaded guilty in January 2014 and were sentenced to 30 to 45 days each in a juvenile detention facility . Pott , from Saratoga , California , hung herself September 10 , 2012 - just eight days after the teens digitally penetrated her at an alcohol-fueled Labor Day party and took pictures of her in a compromised state . The 15-year-old girl felt humiliated after she discovered that the cellphone photos showing her naked body covered in lewd comments written in marker had been shared with students at her school . In February , Pott 's parents tried to get all three expelled from their schools - which they returned to after their sentences . Cruel : Pott , right , was assaulted after a night of drinking and boys spread photos of the attack . They launched a petition on the site Change.org calling on the principals of Saratoga High School and Christopher High School to expel the three perpetrators responsible for Audrie 's ` slut-shaming . ' At a party in early September 2012 , Audrie Pott drank alcohol-laced Gatorade and woke up without her shorts on , with her face painted black and with mocking comments written in indelible marker all over her body . Over the course of the next week , Audrie learned that cellphone photos had been taken of her during the assault , which involved digital penetration , and shared with students at the school she attended with the three attackers . ` My life is over ... I ruined my life and I do n't even remember how , ' Audrie said to a classmate in the days following the incident . She then pleaded with the boys to delete the photos . ` I swear to god if u still have those pictures illl killl u -LSB- sic -RSB- , ' she wrote to one of her alleged attackers in the days after the party . ` It 's gon na get out . ' Another male classmate responded : ` lol that s *** gets around haha everyone knows mostly everything hahaah . ' Left behind : Audrie is pictured left with her father , step mother and half brother and sisters . Eight days after the attack , on September 12 , 2012 , Audrie hanged herself in a bathroom at her mother 's house . In police interviews , the teenagers admitted to coloring half of her face black with marker , then pulling down her bra , taking off her shorts and drawing on her breasts and near her genitals . They photographed themselves sexually assaulting her and , by the time she started her sophomore year at Saratoga High School two days later , scores of students had seen the images . Rolling Stone magazine has revealed the torment Audrie suffered in the days before her death and has detailed the messages she exchanged with her alleged attackers , whom she had known since middle school . She messaged one boy , vowing to kill him if he still had the images . ` They are deleted and I did n't take them , ' he wrote . ` I promise it was n't me . ' ` I 'm sorry about the marker , ' he added of the drawings that covered her body . She also messaged another boy who had been at the party to ask if one of the teenagers had photographs of her . ` ur fine , ' he responded . ` ill make sure nothing goes around . ' She replied : ` It 's gon na get out . S *** always does . Especially with the people who were there . '