1 . Heavy drinking males : Scientists at Sheffield University have identified six different types of obese person -LRB- file image -RRB- . There are six different types of obese person , scientists have today revealed . The distinction , they hope , will allow for tailor-made treatments to help different obese people combat their weight . Researchers at the University of Sheffield analysed people with a body mass index of 30 or more - a recognised measure of obesity . They found obese people fall into one of six categories : . The scientists said their findings suggest that clinicians and policy makers should not target obese people as a whole , rather treat them according to the ` type ' of obese person they are . Dr Mark Green , who led the study , said : ` Policies designed to tackle obesity and encourage healthier lifestyles often target individuals just because they are obese . ` But a focus on just the group as a whole is not very efficient . We are all different and different health promotion approaches work for different people . ` Our research showed that those in the groups that we identified are likely to need very different services , and will respond very differently to different health promotion policies . Scroll down for video . ` In the future , we hope that GPs will keep in mind these six groups when offering advice to their patients . ' BMI has long been used to measure individuals in terms of their height and weight , but does not account for variation across other factors such as health , demographic and behavioural characteristics . The team at Sheffield looked at health-related variables , including whether individuals reported conditions like fatigue , pain , insomnia , depression , diabetes , high blood pressure , heart disease or cancer . 2 . Young healthy females : The scientists said their findings suggest that clinicians and policy makers should not target obese people as a whole , rather treat them according to the ` type ' of obese person they are . The largest cluster was ` younger healthy females ' - also the youngest group -LRB- file image -RRB- . 3 . The affluent and healthy elderly : This group was the least deprived cluster and had positive health characteristics - although the group included a large proportion with high blood pressure - and above average alcohol consumption -LRB- file image -RRB- . Demographic variables accounted for were age , sex , ethnicity and socioeconomic deprivation , while well-being was assessed by asking people how satisfied they were with their lives on a scale of nought to 10 . Whether participants smoked and the number of units of alcohol they consumed in the previous week was also taken into consideration . 4 . The physically sick but happy elderly : They had a higher prevalence of chronic health problems including high blood pressure -LRB- file image -RRB- . As was whether or not they engaged in active weight management - going to slimming clubs , for example - and whether they made a conscious effort to eat more healthily . Researchers discovered the largest cluster was ` younger healthy females ' - also the youngest group . They were the group most likely to display positive health characteristics , and engaged in some healthy behaviours . ` Heavy drinking males ' showed similar characteristics , but consumed a high level of alcohol . They were less likely to be managing their weight , though did report above average levels of physical exercise and walking . The ` unhappy anxious middle-aged ' group was primarily female , had poor mental health and reported high levels of insomnia , anxiety , depression and fatigue . Their sense of well-being was relatively low , but they did engage in healthy physical activity and weight management , and had the lowest alcohol consumption . The final three clusters captured different patterns among older people . The ` affluent healthy elderly ' was the least deprived cluster and had positive health characteristics - although the group included a large proportion with high blood pressure - and above average alcohol consumption . The ` physically sick but happy elderly ' group had a higher prevalence of chronic health conditions - including osteoarthritis , diabetes and high blood pressure - but exhibited low levels of anxiety and depression . 5 . The unhappy and anxious middle-aged : This group was primarily female , had poor mental health and reported high levels of insomnia , anxiety , depression and fatigue -LRB- file image -RRB- . 6 . Those with the poorest health : This group was found to be the most deprived , and had the highest prevalence of chronic health conditions . And they tended not to engage in healthy behaviours -LRB- file image -RRB- . The final group , made up of those with the ` poorest health ' , was the most deprived , had the highest prevalence of most chronic health conditions , and tended not to engage in healthy behaviours . It also had the highest average BMI . Researchers said health professionals should assess what group obese patients might fall into and treat them accordingly . For example , for the ` unhappy anxious middle-aged ' an intervention involving increasing exercise may need to be mixed with psycho-social counselling , while for those in the ` poorest health ' , group advice on exercise may not be reasonable and more modest goals may be needed . Meanwhile messages about alcohol reduction could help tackle obesity in young adults . The findings are published in the Journal of Public Health .