A ` monster ' pedophile , 70 , who molested at least seven girls was sentenced to up to 50 years in prison on Thursday . Jackson County Chief Circuit Judge Thomas Wilson told ` monster ' James Tingley of Michigan ` the only money we should waste on you is the cost of a bullet . ' Wilson continued by saying he thinks locking Tingley up for the next 25 to 50 years in prison ` is worth every penny . ' Scroll down for video . Molested seven chuldren : James Tingley watches during his sentencing of 25 to 50 years in prison on criminal sexual conduct charges on Thui . ` Children will be a lot safer . They wo n't have to go through the victimization that the victims went through here , ' Wilson told Tingley . ` Mr. Tingley , basically you are a monster who has destroyed the innocence of numerous children . ' Mlive reports that James Tingley was convicted on March 3 of heinous sex crimes against two girls over a six year period . His crimes span a period of 50 years . During Tingley 's hearing , Assistant Prosecutor Jennifer Walker told the court that police know of at least five other girls Tingley abused but they believe there may be more . ` The defendant , he has called himself `` Jim '' , He has called himself `` Uncle Jim '' but I would call him a monster and a pedophile , ' Walker said . Repeat offender : James Tingley , pictured on Thursday in court , sexually abused at least seven girls , investigators said . ` The defendant has stolen the souls , or parts of the souls , of these children . He 's used them to meet all of his sexual needs . ... He 's been violent with them , with others he 's treated them as a girlfriend and he 's wanted them to be his wife . ... It 's disgusting , ' walker added . Timgley 's attorney Eric White told the court that Tingley still claims he is innocent . White added that Tingley 's health is declining and that it 's unlikely he 'll live past his first parole date which is when he turns 96 . Tingley did not wish to say anything to the court . Prosecutor Jerry Jarzynka said he thought Tingley received a fair sentence for his cruel actions . ` Certainly when it comes to cases of criminal sexual conduct with minors we appreciate the judge handing out a stiff sentence and ultimately we want to protect our kids , ' Jarzynka said . Mlive reports that Tingley 's perverted accomplice Randy Stevens , 45 , was also convicted of sexual misconduct by a separate jury for ` allowing Tingley to carry out a number of sexual assaults . ' This is not the first time Stevens has been accused of aiding in child abuse . Stevens , a father of 14 , pleaded guilty to second-degree child abuse and a judge sentenced him six to 10 years in prison last year . Mlive reports that last year 's conviction was related to Stevens letting his children visit another sex offender , Geoffrey Friant , who is now serving 30 to 80 years behind bars . Stevens will be sentenced on April 16 . Both he and his wife , Bobbi Jo Stevens , have lost their parental rights to their children .