A mother of four has pledged to remove her children from school to attend an ancient Maypole festival - despite facing fines or even prosecution . Anna James , 32 , has vowed to defy the school 's ban on taking her children to the ` Obby ` Oss celebrations - claiming the rituals are part of her ` religion , culture and heritage . ' The school blocked her request under a government crackdown on unauthorised absences announced in 2013 . Mrs James pictured with her son Ethan -LRB- far left -RRB- , Piran -LRB- centre -RRB- and Sophia -LRB- right -RRB- at last year 's Maypole festival . But Mrs James said she would be willing to take the consequences of any police action to take her children Ethan , 11 , Piran , 5 , Sophia , 8 , and four month old baby Faith to the event . The annual May 1 celebration is a centuries ' old tradition , involving music and dancing through the streets , believed by some to be an ancient pagan fertility ritual which heralds the arrival of spring . Held every year in Padstow , Cornwall at midnight on May 1 , it consists of parades and celebrations throughout the town and into the following day . Mrs James , who moved from Padstow to St Austell , Cornwall , eight years ago , said : ` I think it 's ridiculous that I 'm being told I ca n't take my children to the event . ` Obby ` Oss is something which my family has celebrated for generations . ` It 's part of our heritage , our culture and our religion . If I wanted to take children out of school for some other religion I think it would be a different story . ` I do n't expect the St Austell schools to close , but I do think that any school in Cornwall should be sensitive to the needs of people from Padstow to return to their home town on May 1 . The event itself is educational . ' Mrs James , 32 , has vowed to defy the school 's ban on taking her children to the ` Obby ` Oss celebrations . Pictured from left to right is Sophia , 8 , Ethan , 11 , Faith , 4 months , and Piran , 5 . In 2013 , former Education Secretary Michael Gove ended the right for schools to grant up to 10 days holiday per year for pupils . New guidelines state that children should only be taken out of school during term-time if it is an ` exceptional circumstance ' . Government rules state that it is at the discretion of each individual school to authorise or reject absence requests . Under the current system , parents who take their children out of school without permission could face a £ 60 fine per child , rising to £ 120 if it is not paid within 21 days . Failure to pay the fine can result in prosecution , with a maximum fine -- if convicted -- of £ 2,500 or a jail sentence of up to three months . Padstow Primary School children are included in the ` Obby ` Oss tradition . But leaders at Bishop Bronescombe School in St Austell would not authorise Mrs James ' request for her children to join them . Mrs James said : ` For Padstow residents the day is a massively important part of their cultural heritage . ` I 'm not an expert on its origins but I do believe it can be described as having religious significance . ` Just because I do n't live in Padstow any more does n't mean I ca n't celebrate my religion . I would do the same even if I lived in Australia . ' The crackdown by the Government on absences was outlined in 2013 and stipulates children should attend lessons rather than take time off to suit parental convenience . The crackdown was announced by the then Education Secretary Michael Gove who intended to stop parents taking children out of school to benefit from cheaper holidays . Mrs James said the festival was part of her family 's religion , culture and heritage . But the government insists that local head teachers still have the discretion to approve up to ten absences a year ` in exceptional circumstances ' . Bishop Bronescombe School declined to comment . In Padstow , where children are an integral part of the festival , the school closes so pupils can take part in the early-morning dances . Padstow School head teacher Phil Banks said : ` We take May 1 as a community closure day as the majority of our children and staff will be taking part in the festivities . ` It is such an important part of their cultural heritage that we feel it is extremely important for us to support and celebrate it . ` I can understand the position of the St Austell schools , however . ` Guidelines on allowing absence nowadays are incredibly tight . I would imagine a number of schools in the area get requests like this , and not necessarily from people who can claim any legitimate link to Padstow . ' Mrs James , who is currently on maternity leave from her job as a PA , said that she has attended the event every year since she was born and for residents of Padstow it was more important than Christmas . She said : ` We see it as more important than Christmas . It is such an important Cornish tradition , but if the children can not go how are we supposed to keep it alive ? ` Obviously we celebrate Christmas , but the fact we see this as more important shows the scale of what it means to us . ` I will be taking the kids out as I strongly believe we should be allowed to keep our heritage alive . ` They all have a 100 per cent attendance record . I never take them out for a holiday . ` But everyone in Padstow takes part . People who once lived there come from the other side of the world to take part . It is in their blood . '