Known locally as Millionaires ' Row , the Western Esplanade cul-de-sac of 11 white Art Deco houses with private beaches at the end of Hove promenade is a real-life version of the TV comedy Stella Street . The sitcom featured impressionists playing celebrities such as Michael Caine and Keith Richards living as neighbours . But put the rubbish out here in Hove and you could be saying good morning to Oscar and Grammy award-winning singer Adele , Little Britain comedian and novelist David Walliams , DJ Norman Cook and his Strictly Come Dancing wife Zoe Ball , and former EastEnders and Heartbeat star Nick Berry . Scroll down for video . One of the white Art Deco houses on the Western Esplanade cul-de-sac has gone on sale for £ 4million . In previous years you might have been greeted by Paul McCartney , his then wife Heather Mills , or even by partying guests such as Frank Sinatra and Ava Gardner . The homes were built between 1909 and 1910 by developer Michael Paget Baxter when overcrowding on British beaches in their heyday meant that a home with a private beach was the last word in luxury . And that still seems to be true . With celebrities occupying six of the properties -- Cook and his wife have three , two for them and one for relatives -- that leaves just five other houses . And in a rare event , one of those has just come on the market , for a guide price of £ 4 million . Approached from the back , the cul-de-sac does not look anything special , tucked away behind the warehouses of the working port of Shoreham . But sitting in the lounge of Malcolm VandenBurg 's splendid home on a sunny day , with the sea seemingly lapping at the floor-to-ceiling windows , you could be in Miami or Malibu . The whole of the back of the house is glass on the ground and first floors . Decking stretches on to the beach , and there is a hot tub . Stunning : The view of the sea from the property 's modern living room . The whole of the back of the house is glass on the ground and first floors . Meet the locals : Singer Adele has a house in the exclusive cul-de-sac alongside comedian David Walliams . ` Bringing the sea into the house was the aim , ' says Malcolm , a retired Harley Street doctor . ` Bizarrely , the former owners did n't make use of the sea views . So I opened up the back and put the terrace in and the balcony upstairs . ` Now , when you walk in the front door you can see the sea from everywhere . It took a year but it was well worth it . It still takes my breath away every time I come home . ` And sitting outside on the terrace with a fish barbecue with the sound system on full is just perfect . I 've had a lot of impromptu parties . ' Malcolm , in his 60s and the father of four grown-up children , bought the four-bedroom house in 2010 after moving from London , where he had seen Adele perform at the Roundhouse in what he describes as his favourite gig of all time . So when the singer moved in to the cul-de-sac , he was ` starstruck ' . ` She has this lovely little dog and , in the summer , when all the doors are open , the dog wanders into my house and Adele comes round to find it . She 's completely normal and everyone here is very pleasant and we all get on well , ' says Malcolm . Price £ 4 million . Location Hove , East Sussex . Bedrooms 4 . Unique features Beach for a back garden ; cinema room ; huge dressing room ; high-tech controls for hi-fi , curtains , lighting ; celebrities on every side . He also welcomed Walliams and his wife , model Lara Stone , by taking round a bunch of flowers . Unhappily they have now split up . Cook popped round one day when he heard that Malcolm was selling his vinyl record collection . ` I thought he might buy the lot , but he did n't want any of them , ' he laughs . The ground floor of Malcolm 's house has oak flooring throughout and there is a large entrance hall with a floating staircase , a media/cinema room , kitchen , snug and a 45ft lounge . Upstairs , the master suite and bathroom overlook the sea and a huge dressing room is the size of some of the designer clothes shops in the nearby North Laine of Brighton . Malcolm 's home has the latest high-tech automated systems , including a Lutron lighting control system , video door entry , digital music and video systems , integrated speakers , motorised curtains -- in fact , everything a celebrity would be looking for . So who does he think will buy the house ? Has Cook already been round with an offer to add to his portfolio ? ` No he has n't , ' says Malcolm . ` I think he 's happy with what he has at the moment . But whoever does buy will never get tired of the wonderful , ever-changing views . Like me , they 'll fall in love with it straight away . ' Selling agent Jason Brand says : ` This is the best beach residence to come on the market for years and one of the very few homes in Brighton , indeed the UK , to have direct private beach access . '