Rare and valuable pieces of meteorite have fallen to Earth from a gigantic fireball that lit up the skies over Britain and Ireland , experts say . The fireball was captured on camera on Sunday by the United Kingdom Meteor Observing Network -LRB- UKMON -RRB- in Portadown , County Armagh . Footage shows it glowing brightly as it races northwards towards the Irish Sea . Scroll down for videos . The fireball was captured on camera on Sunday by the United Kingdom Meteor Observing Network -LRB- UKMON -RRB- in Portadown , County Armagh . UKMON said that pieces from the meteorite , which came from an asteroid in orbit between Mars and Jupiter , would have crashed to Earth and could potentially be worth thousands of pounds . David Moore from Astronomy Ireland told The Mirror : ` This event was so bright that a piece or pieces may have survived the re-entry and landed as extremely rare and valuable meteorites . ' However , the group 's initial analysis of its trajectory , based on the 50 sightings that were reported to it , suggests that it may well have fallen into the Irish Sea . UKMON said : ` It is very likely something has survived and landed in the Irish Sea . Probably no bigger than 30 to 50 grams . ' It added that the meteorite was burning at a very low altitude of 21 miles , compared to the usual 50 to 75 miles and was formed of ` very hard and dense material compared to soft cometary material which we normally see as meteor showers ' . The network is appealing for members of the public to report eyewitness accounts of the event . It comes after astronomers revealed that they believe a meteor triggered the conversion of biblical figure Paul , one of the most influential figures in early Christianity , . Experts believe the bright light in the sky that blinded him for three days match accounts of the fireball that streaked across the sky above Chelyabinsk in Russia in 2013 . Dr William Hartmann , co-founder of the Planetary Science Institute in Tucson , Arizona , examined three accounts of Paul 's conversion in the Bible . Astronomers revealed that they believe a meteor that streaked across the sky above Chelyabinsk in Russia -LRB- pictured -RRB- triggered the conversion of biblical figure Paul . The fireball above Chelyabinsk -LRB- above -RRB- was captured by a number of dashboard cameras in cars . Writing in the journal Meteoritics and Planetary Science , he said : ` The first-century book , Acts of the Apostles , gives three separate descriptions of a bright light `` from heaven '' , which occurred probably in the 30s -LRB- C.E. -RRB- near Damascus , Syria . ` The details offer a strikingly good match to a Chelyabinsk-class or Tunguska-class fireball . ' In the accounts given in the Bible , Paul had been one of the zealous persecutors of the followers of Jesus . However , during a journey to Damascus , Syria , he and his companions saw a bright light in the sky . Paul was blinded for three days and he heard a divine voice or sound . The experience apparently so affected Paul that he converted to Christianity and undertook several influential missions to spread the word of Christ around the Mediterranean . Many believe Paul 's preaching led to the rise of much of the theology and traditions in the Roman and Protestant faith strands that exist today . However , some have attempted to explain Paul 's vision as being the result of some kind of seizure or of sunstroke . Dr Hartmann , however , says the description of the light in the sky , the thunderous sound and the temporary blindness all match the events of a meteorite . He said the Cheyabinsk meteor , which exploded in the atmosphere close to the Russian city , is a good example of what Paul may have experienced . He said that the bright light in the sky - which was ` brighter than the sun , shining round me ' - matches videos of the Chelyabinsk meteor , which was estimated to be three times as bright as the sun . Its movement across the sky created fast moving shadows that would have given the impression of the light moving around Paul .