Tyson Fury hopes Wladimir Klitschko sees off the challenge of Bryant Jennings on Saturday night to set up a stadium fight later in the year . Fury is the mandatory challenger to the long-reigning heavyweight champion and hopes to lure him to England in the autumn . Wladimir Klitschko goes up against Bryant Jennings in New York on Saturday night . But Klitschko must first face the unbeaten Jennings in New York . ` I believe Wladimir will beat Jennings and I want him to win because I want to be the one to beat him in England and put an end to his reign , ' said Fury . ` We 've been in discussions to get the fight on , hopefully at one of the big football stadiums in September . It 's something which I 've left with my promoter and team and things are looking positive though it takes a very brave or stupid man to step in the ring with Tyson Fury . ` I 'm the heavyweight who is going to take over this division because I have everything that is needed . Wladimir has had a good run but it 's time for a change because the heavyweight division needs an injection of new blood and I 'm ready to provide that . ' Reigning heavyweight champion Klitschko shake hands with Jennings , left , after the weigh-in . Klitschko has held a portion of the world title since 2000 but Fury is convinced he is the man to beat him . ` I 'm mandatory for the WBO title and if Wladimir does defend it against me he wo n't last more than eight rounds because I will be knocking him out after being involved in a bit of a brawl early on , ' he added . ` I know his flaws and I know how to beat him -- for once he will be picking on someone his own size . ` A fight with Wladimir does n't concern me because I know I will beat him , it 's just a matter of how and what round I do the job in . I 'm still not fully convinced he has the balls to step in the ring with me but if he does then I take my hat off to him because it will be the night the Klitschko era ends and the Tyson Fury one begins . ' Former heavyweight champions Evander Holyfield -LRB- left -RRB- and Lennox Lewis attend the official weigh-in . Klitschko v Jennings is live on BoxNation on Saturday night . Visit boxnation.com to subscribe .