On Thursday night , the great and good of fashion and showbiz gathered to help one man celebrate the launch of his new shop . But this was no ordinary shop - this was Burberry Chief Creative and chief executive officer Christopher Bailey 's new Beverley Hills flagship . Over 700 guests , including superstars Cara Delevingne , Suki Waterhouse , Mila Kunis , Elton John , Rosie Huntington-Whiteley , Anna Wintour and the entire Beckham brood , turned out to support their pal Christopher at the London in Los Angeles event at Griffith Observatory . So how does one man have so many A-list friends ? And how did he turn Burberry into the world 's coolest brand , notching sales for the six months to April up to £ 1.42 bn ? An ability to reinvent trends , an eye for the hottest talent and the most charming demeanour ; that 's how . Scroll down for video . Over 700 guests and models , including Jourdan Dunn , left , James Corden , front , and Naomi Campbell , right , joined Burberry boss Christopher Bailey , back , to celebrate fashion , music , and Britishness at an exclusive event at Griffith Observatory in Los Angeles . The event also marks the launch of its new flagship store on Rodeo Drive that opened in November . Christopher Bailey 's meteoric rise through the ranks at Burberry hit new heights after the Yorkshire-born designer was named CEO at just 42-years-old back in October 2013 . The designer had been a key part of Burberry 's creative team since he joined the label as creative director in 2001 , and took the reins as chief creative officer in 2009 . In a statement released by the brand , Bailey described himself as ` humbled ' after being offered the role , which he took up in mid-2014 when current CEO Angela Ahrendts departed for Apple . During his tenure at the brand , Bailey has made Burberry one of the most influential labels in the world thanks to his uncanny knack for knowing what women want before they know themselves . The great and good of fashion and showbiz -LRB- L-R -RRB- Cara Delevingne , Mila Kunis and Rosie Huntington-Whiteley , gathered to help Bailey celebrate . -LRB- L-R -RRB- Brooklyn Beckham , Cruz Beckham , Victoria Beckham , Romeo Beckham , Harper Beckham , David Beckham , editor-in-chief of American Vogue Anna Wintour and Julia Corden sat front row at the event . Since becoming creative director in 2001 after a stint at Gucci , the label has gone from strength to strength , but that has n't stopped Bailey from taking time out to encourage up-and-coming talent from making the most of their skills . Along with mentoring fashion students from the University of Huddersfield and the Royal College of Art , Bailey and Ahrendts together launched the Burberry Foundation - a project that encourages young people around the world to realise their potential through creativity . At every show , he calls on fledgling musicians to perform - and his alumni , including Tom Odell , Paloma Faith and George Barnett , have all gone on to greatness . Christopher Bailey 's meteoric rise through the ranks at Burberry hit new heights after the Yorkshire-born designer was named CEO at just 42-years-old back in October 2013 . Left : with the Beckhams at the launch of Romeo 's Christmas campaign for the brand , and , right , with Cara Delevingne and Jourdan Dunn ; two models he has long championed . Prince Charles is presented with a gabardine walking jacket by Burberry 's Christopher Bailey as the Prince officially opened the new Burberry global headquarters in London back in 2009 . And then there 's the models . Bailey snapped up Rosie Huntington-Whiteley , Jourdan Dunn , Lily Donaldson , Cara Delevingne , Douglas Booth and Eddie Redmayne before anyone else had clocked onto them . He counts Sienna Miller , Suki Waterhouse , Naomi Campbell and Kate Moss among his most recent clothes horses - and counting . One of his biggest - and most talked-about - coups was snapping up Romeo Beckham to front two of his campaigns . Bailey is good friends with Romeo 's mother , fellow designer Victoria , so there 's little wonder the pair were introduced . Indeed , Romeo is one sixth of the UK 's most famous family , so it 's no surprise that Romeo holds some pretty substantial pulling power . In fact , thanks to his Burberry advert , sales of the brand 's classic £ 1,500 trench coats shot up a substantial 10 per cent . The fashion label credited the 12-year-old son of David and Victoria for its rise in sales in the US , Europe and the Middle East after he starred in their Christmas advert last year . The advert , which was first released in November , was the first-ever Christmas campaign for Burberry and starred Romeo alongside 50 dancers all clad in the beige trench coats . Such was his popularity in the film called From London With Love that it was watched nine million times after being released . Christopher Bailey has plenty of friends in high places , including Jemma Kidd , Anna Wintour and Evgeny Lebedev and Arthur Wellesley , Earl of Mornington . Bailey , seen with Will.I.Am , described himself as ` humbled ' after being offered the role , which he took up in mid-2014 when current CEO Angela Ahrendts , left , departed for Apple . Of course , Bailey has put his golden touch on the clothes , too . This week it was revealed that sales of the brand 's poncho carrying a personal monogram and costing more than £ 1,000 have been central to a sales boom at the very British prestige brand . The ponchos - together with heritage trench coats and scarves - have boosted Burberry sales by 10 per cent over the winter . The wool-and-cashmere designs , which were first modelled on the catwalk by Cara Delevingne , were a huge success among celebrities before Christmas . Famous names including Victoria Beckham , Rosie Huntington-Whiteley , Sienna Miller and Sarah Jessica Parker were all seen sporting the ponchos , each monogrammed with their initials . The firm said its scarves and trench coats were a hit with customers and ` investment and innovation in ponchos drove exceptional growth . The British brand has become a global success with sales up 10 per cent for the six months to the end of March compared to the year before , taking from up to £ 1.42 billion . Chief financial officer , Carol Fairweather , described the impact of the ponchos as ` phenomenal ' and suggested new variants are in the pipeline adding : ` There 's lots more to come from the poncho story . ' The British brand has become a global success with sales up 10 per cent for the six months to the end of March compared to the year before , taking from up to £ 1.42 billion . Sales were particularly strong in the UK and Europe , not least because hordes of tourists from China flocked here to buy designer clothes and bags . Burberry saw ` double digit ' sales growth in the United States and Europe and trading was particularly buoyant in Britain , France and Italy , from both locals and tourists . One of his biggest - and most talked-about - coups was snapping up Romeo Beckham to front two of his campaigns , which boosted the brand 's trench coat sales . Burberry 's iconic ponchos have boosted Burberry sales by 10 per cent over the winter . The wool-and-cashmere designs , which were first modelled on the catwalk by Cara Delevingne , front , were a huge success among celebrities before Christmas . Richard Hunter , of Hargreaves Lansdown Stockbrokers , said : ` Burberry remains in fashion following a trading update which underscores its ability to capitalise on its chosen markets . ` The overall picture is extremely healthy -- the strength of the digital contribution , particular product growth in the likes of the iconic trench coats and scarves and pleasing performances from the Americas and most of Europe . ` In addition , the company is well positioned for future , selective growth in terms of both stores and lines , such as beauty . ` It seems that everything about Burberry is premium -- its brand , its products and perhaps of late its share price -- a 25 per cent increase over the last year compares to a 7.5 per cent rise for the wider FTSE100 . ' Burberry was founded in 1856 but has moved with the times under Bailey , who understands how to use technology and social media to the brand 's advantage . The brand 's flagship Regent Street store in London is case in point . It 's not just a place to shop but a hub of new technology with interactive mirrors , concert-quality sound systems and giant screens streaming their catwalk shows - as is the Burberry Beauty Box in Covent Garden . Bailey also allows customers the chance to purchase items straight from the runway at his shows , livestreams the events and this week launched a Snapchat account , featuring surprise visits from members of the Burberry family including Cara Delevingne , Naomi Campbell and Jourdan Dunn . The platform revealed real-time content from the event on Thursday night , including live arrivals on the red carpet and front row reactions . Speaking to MailOnline , Bailey said : ` It 's all about involving people around the world and making them feel part of the experience - even if they ca n't be there in person . He said : ` It 's about doing something that makes people smile , that makes people want to engage , whether it 's online , whether it 's physical , whether it 's at the show like this . ' Bailey always manages to draw in the starriest of front rows -LRB- L to R -RRB- Actress Maggie Gyllenhaal , singer Sam Smith , model Cara Delevingne , model Jourdan Dunn , model Kate Moss , fashion photographer Mario Testino and model Naomi Campbell at the Burberry Prorsum AW 2015 show . Christopher Bailey was born in West Yorkshire in 1971 to a carpenter father and a mother who worked as a window dresser in Marks & Spencer . Despite his country roots , fashion always called to Bailey and in 1994 , he graduated from the Royal College of Art in London . His career began with a role at Donna Karan in New York but he moved on after just two years , having been offered a senior role at Gucci . After five years in the job , Burberry came calling with Bailey tasked with turning the creative direction of the then ailing fashion house around . Working closely with Angela Ahrendts , Bailey 's vision struck a chord with buyers , press and fashion fans alike and the brand has gone from strength to strength during his tenure . Awards for his work have ranged from an honorary doctorate from his alma mater , London 's Royal College of Art , to a prestigious CFDA gong in 2011 . In his role as Chief Creative and chief executive officer , a new title created especially for him , Bailey is responsible for everything from the design of Burberry collections and products to advertising , corporate art direction and even architectural design . If his success so far is anything to go by , it 's going to be a very triumphant future for the A-list-loved brand . Christopher Bailey with his partner Nigel Woods at the 60th London Evening Standard Theatre Awards .