Patents have already hinted that Apple is looking to boost the cameras in future models of the iPhone and iPad , but its latest acquisition confirms it . The tech giant has bought Israel-based Link Computational Imaging in a deal reportedly worth $ 20 million -LRB- £ 13.5 million -RRB- . LinX makes ` multi-aperture ' cameras small enough to fit into smartphones and tablets that come with depth-sensing technology - as seen on HTC One 's M8 duo-camera . Scroll down for videos . Apple has bought Israel-based Link Computational Imaging in a deal reportedly worth $ 20 million -LRB- £ 13.5 million -RRB- . LinX makes ` multi-aperture ' cameras small enough to fit into smartphones and tablets that come with depth-sensing technology . This technology could be added to the next-generation iPhones and iPads . Rather than capturing a flat 2D image , the technology is able to sense the depth of each object in a photograph . This lets people refocus an image after its been captured , or measure the dimensions of a room , for example . ` Utilising state-of-the-art multi aperture imaging technology that combines innovative image processing -LSB- with -RSB- advanced sensor and optics technology , our cameras set new standards for image quality parameters such as low light performance , refocusing and more , ' said the firm . Rather than capturing a flat 2D image , the technology is able to sense the depth of each object in a photograph . This lets people refocus an image after its been captured or measure the dimensions of a room , for example . HTC One M8 's version combines an UltraPixel and a Duo Camera . The first sensor captures the image , while the the second captures depth information . Once a photo is taken there are four editing options called Ufocus , Foregrounder , Seasons and Dimension Plus . These use depth information in different ways to make photos look more professional . Meanwhile , computers with Intel 's RealSense 3D camera can recognise and respond to facial expressions and hand gestures so users can interact with them more naturally . It is already fitted to a range of laptops including the Asus N551JQ and Asus X751LD , and last week Intel 's boss Brian Krzanich unveiled a version designed for smartphones and tablets . ` LinX cameras are significantly smaller than any camera on the market today , leading the way to DSLR performance in slim handsets . ' HTC One M8 's version of the technology combines an UltraPixel sensor with a Duo Camera . The first sensor captures the image , while the the second captures depth information . Once a photo is taken there are four editing options called Ufocus , Foregrounder , Seasons and Dimension Plus . These use depth information in different ways to make photos look more professional . For example , Ufocus lets users switch the focal point of an the shot , even if they appear blurry in the original picture . Foregrounder and Seasons lets users add effects such as a zoom , blur , snow and rain to an image . While Dimension Plus uses data from both cameras to let people change the perspective of the photo by tilting the phone . Microsoft 's Kinect uses similar technology , as does Intel 's RealSense 3D camera . Computers with Intel 's RealSense 3D camera can recognise and respond to facial expressions and hand gestures so users can interact with them more naturally . It is already fitted to a range of laptops including the Asus N551JQ and Asus X751LD , and last week Intel 's boss Brian Krzanich unveiled a version designed for smartphones and tablets . Apple has confirmed the acquisition but not revealed any more details . Its latest marketing campaign has been designed to showcase just how good the cameras are on its iPhone 6 range . Rather than capturing a flat 2D image , the technology is able to sense the depth of each object in a photograph . This lets people refocus an image after its been captured or measure the dimensions of a room , for example . Similar technolgoy is seen on the HTC One M8 -LRB- pictured -RRB- in the form of its Duo Camera . LinX 's website said its state-of-the-art multi aperture imaging technology combines image processing with advanced sensor and optics technology . Sensors are pictured . ` Our cameras set new standards for image quality parameters such as low light performance , HDR , refocusing , and more , ' said the firm . And if a patent awarded earlier this month is anything to go by , the camera on the iPhone 7 could take even better photos . The papers , originally filed in 2011 , detail a three-sensor camera that splits light to boost the number of pixels it can manage . The patent is called ` Digital camera with light splitter ' and explains : ` A digital camera component is described that has a light splitter cube having an entrance face to receive incident light from a camera scene . ` The cube splits the incident light into first , second , and third colour components that emerge from the cube through a first face , a second face , and a third face of the cube , respectively . Computers with Intel 's RealSense 3D camera can recognise and respond to facial expressions and hand gestures . The technology is already fitted to a range of laptops and last week Intel 's boss Brian Krzanich unveiled a version designed for smartphones and tablets -LRB- refocusing examples pictured -RRB- . ` First , second , and third image sensors are provided , each being positioned to receive a respective one of the colour components that emerge from the faces . ' Put more simply , instead of using a standard single sensor to collect the data of an image , the proposed system uses mirrors to split the incoming light in three , namely green , red and blue . These beams of light are then projected onto three sensors . A patent filed by Apple in 2011 and awarded earlier this month details a three-sensor camera -LRB- illustrated -RRB- that uses mirrors to split incoming light in three - namely green , red and blue . These beams of light are then projected onto three sensors . Each sensor can then collect and use more pixels per photo compared to a single sensor . This would ultimately boost the quality of the images including how vivid the colours appear and how sharp the image is . The patent is called ` Digital camera with light splitter ' and explains : ` A digital camera component is described that has a light splitter cube having an entrance face to receive incident light from a camera scene . ` The cube splits the incident light into first , second , and third colour components that emerge from the cube through a first face , a second face , and a third face of the cube , respectively . ' Put more simply , instead of using a standard single sensor to collect the data of an image , the proposed system uses mirrors to split the incoming light in three - green , red and blue . These beams of light are then projected onto three sensors . Each sensor can then collect and use more pixels per photo compared to a single sensor . This would ultimately boost the quality of the photos including how vivid the colours appear and how sharp the image is . Each sensor can then collect and use more pixels per photo compared to a single sensor . This would ultimately boost the quality of the photos including how vivid the colours appear and how sharp the image is . It includes the kind of sensors and technology seen on professional cameras . The files also explained that these mirrors could stabilise the image and direct the light in a way that accounts for shaking hands , for example . In its iPhone 6 and 6 Plus , Apple added a new sensor with so-called Focus Pixels to its 8MP iSight camera . It also improved its facial detection and exposure control . Focus Pixels use a bespoke image signal processor to collect more information about an image , including lighting , to provide faster autofocus . To showcase how good this technology Apple has launched a marketing campaign that only uses images shot on its latest handsets . Each photograph is accompanied by a caption on the online gallery , which says where it was taken , whether an app was used to improve the shot and a tip about why it is a good photo , which amateurs could use to boost their photographic prowess . For example , an image of a man in a field of sunflowers says : ` Photographing a subject from behind can add wit to a photo . Here , the subject and the flowers are both facing away from the camera . ' Similarly , photographer Dan Rubin recently produced a range of photos for fashion brand Vida , each shot on the iPhone . To showcase how good this technology is , Apple has launched a marketing campaign that only uses images shot on its latest handsets . Each photograph -LRB- examples pictured -RRB- is accompanied by a caption on the online gallery , which says where it was taken and whether an app was used to improve the shot . Photographer Dan Rubin recently produced a range for Vida -LRB- pictured -RRB- , each shot on the iPhone .