World boxing champion Kell Brook enjoyed an evening at the darts as he watched the Premier League road show come to his home town of Sheffield on Thursday . Less than two weeks after his successful IBF welterweight title defence against Jo Jo Dan , the 28-year-old received another hero 's ovation when he was introduced to the crowd . Brook watched on as Dave Chisnall was a winner twice on the same evening to catapult himself onto 17 points in second place in the table after 10 weeks . Kell Brook received a hero 's ovation when he was introduced to the crowd in Sheffield on Thursday . Brook enjoyed a night out at the Premier League Darts in his home town of Sheffield . Kell Brook is set to defend his title for a second time on May 30 against Frankie Gavin . Chisnall recorded a 7-3 victory over world champion Gary Anderson before returning later in the evening to thrash James Wade 7-1 . That was Wade 's second loss of the night having been beaten by Adrian Lewis 7-4 in the opening match at the Motorpoint Arena . ` It 's nice to get two wins because it was always going to be hard , ' Chisnall told pdc.tv . ` I felt comfortable throughout the night and I got a great start by defeating Gary . The world boxing champion is introduced to the crowd at the Motorpoint Arena . Dave Chisnall won both of his games in week 10 to move onto 17 points in second place . Adrian Lewis 7-4 James Wade . Gary Anderson 3-7 Dave Chisnall . Phil Taylor 2-7 Raymond van Barneveld . Stephen Bunting 5-7 Michael van Gerwen . Dave Chisnall 7-1 James Wade . ` It was always going to be a confidence boost beating the world champion and I just wanted to take the same game up on stage against James , which I did . ` I 've done my job by winning two out of two , and I played well - importantly I finished well tonight . I felt good up on stage but I 've put a lot of practice in and it 's all working out . ` This time last year I was on seven points , so it 's a big improvement to be up to 17 already . ' Chisnall is second in the Premier League table behind the only unbeaten man in the tournament Michael van Gerwen , who snatched a 7-5 victory against Stephen Bunting for his eighth win in 10 . Raymond van Barneveld beat Phil Taylor 7-2 to inflict The Power 's fourth defeat in five . Michael van Gerwen saw off Stephen Bunting 7-5 to maintain his place at the top of the table . ` I was n't at my best tonight but I got the win and another two points so I 'm happy with that , ' said the 2014 world champion . ` I missed a lot of doubles but I produced the darts when I needed to . ' Phil Taylor , meanwhile , suffered his fourth defeat in five as he was beaten by his rival Raymond van Barneveld 7-2 . The 16-time world champion sits fourth in the table but is only ahead of Lewis and Wade on leg difference with Van Barneveld just one point behind .