Incredible footage has captured the moment a huge stingray nibbles on a freediver 's head , gliding back and forth over the man 's body gently on the ocean floor . The video shows the incredibly peaceful encounter between the ray and Johnny Debnam , a 29-year-old commercial diver and ocean lover . Mr Debnam was free diving in water four metres deep ; holding his breath and diving down to the depths of the ocean on Rottnest Island off the coast of Western Australia . Johnny Debnam says he felt completely at ease with the stingray , although he was aware of the risks . The commercial diver was free diving four metres beneath the ocean when he had his snuggle with the ray . ` I was totally at peace . I loved that thing going over the top of me , ' Johnny Debnam said of the experience . The video shows the swimmer completely motionless in the seagrass , with the enormous 150 kilogram ray rubbing itself back and forward over his body - even nibbling at his head . ` I blew all my air out and was totally calm and at his level , ' explained Mr Debnam during a mini documentary produced for his production company Terra Australis TV . Mr Debnam was completely enveloped underneath the stingray , but he remained calm and insists he relished every minute of the wonderful experience . The stingray is a potentially dangerous creature . If provoked it may use its spiky tail -- known as a barb - to spear the victim and inject them with a deadly poison . Tragically , animal activist and Australian icon Steve Irwin was killed after a deadly encounter with a stingray . In September 2006 the creature stabbed him with its barb ` hundreds of times ' as he filmed a documentary near Queensland 's Great Barrier Reef . However Mr Debnam 's relationship with the stingray was incredibly harmonious . He is experienced with marine life and in the video demonstrates his behaviour to be gentle and threatening , and the stingray appears to reward him with some appreciative cuddles ! Johnny Debnam did not have any breathing equipment on when he let all his air out and calmly lay still on the ocean floor . The majestic stingray swum over him three times , enveloping him under his body as he glided on top . ` Those things are huge . They 're massive and they could really mess you up if they wanted to , ' Debnam said during his Terris Australis TV documentary . ` But , they wo n't if they do n't want to . ' Responding to his calm nature , the curious stingray repeatedly glides over him , as if to try to determine what exactly it had found nestled amongst the reeds . Debnam is ecstatic after his snuggled with the majestic , friendly creature . ` I was totally at peace . I loved that thing going over the top of me , ' he said . ` It was awesome ! It did it three times and I wanted it to do it again . ` It was a bit of a rush really ! ' Responding to his calm nature , the curious stingray repeatedly glides over him , as if to try to determine what exactly it had found nestled amongst the reeds . The production company he co-created , Terra Australis TV , specialises in creating stunning cinematography of the incredible creatures beneath the ocean 's surface in Western Australia . Debnam and his cameraman Cameron Wallace are passionate about showing the ocean respect whilst exploring and filming the wonders of the sea . ` That 's what makes you feel alive . Natural , awesome , pure things like -LRB- swimming with a stingray -RRB- , ' said Debnam . ` You ca n't buy it . ' See www.terraaustralis.tv . Debnam and his cameraman Cameron Wallace are passionate about showing the ocean respect whilst exploring and filming the wonders of the sea .