This incredible video shows the stomach-churning moment a man performed surgery on himself at the top of the mountain using items from his first aid kit . The Russian man , who was filming a documentary in snow-covered mountains , found himself injured and unable to continue the ascent . It is believed the man , whose nickname is ` Che ' , was struck by a huge falling icicle , causing a collection of blood under the skin called a haemotoma . The blood formed a clot which caused a huge swelling and bruising , leaving him in pain and unable to walk . Scroll down for video : VIEWERS MUST BE AWARE THE FOOTAGE CONTAINS EXTREMELY GRAPHIC CONTENT . A Russian hiker performed surgery on himself at the top of some snow-covered mountains using only items in his first aid kit . The man was struck by a falling icicle -LRB- he is pictured pointing to it with his stick -RRB- which caused a blood clot and a swelling in his leg which left him unable to walk . In order to get back down to the city at the foot of the mountains , he decided to perform surgery on himself while lying in the snow . Speaking in Russian in the video , he said : ` If you mountain climb , fish or hunt , you must be ready for difficulties and think of safety . ` The insignificant trauma can cause serious problems if you do n't take the right actions . ' Carrying out the operation - with some surgical instruments he had in his backpack - was ` the most reasonable and effective action ' , he said . Viewers must be aware the footage contains extremely graphic content . First , he decides to use snow as an anaesthetic , and rubs it on his leg to numb the injury . Then , he burns a scalpel on a gas torch in order to make it sterile . ` Now it is possible to start the operation , ' he explains in the video . In the original film , which has been edited by MailOnline , the man is seen making a deep incision into his leg with a scalpel , and blood is seen flowing out . He reaches into the cut with his fingers and scoops out the coagulated blood -- almost black in colour -- which had formed into a clot . With no sign of pain -- or any emotion at all -- he says : ` As you can see here it is n't necessary for special anaesthesia , snow perfectly coped with this task . ' He cleans away all the clotted blood , until fresh , red blood is seen . He then pours hydrogen peroxide on the wound to clean it , which fizzes and clears away the blood . Hydrogen peroxide is commonly used as an antiseptic . The man decided to perform a procedure to remove the blood clot himself , rubbing snow on his leg as an anaesthetic . He used items in his first aid kit which included a gas lamp , a scalpel , surgical string , a needle holder and a curved needle as well as a hydrogen peroxide antiseptic . ` We consider that a tiny wound , we will sew it up now , ' he said after wiping the cut clean with a tissue . Using some surgical string , a needle holder and a curved needle , he then sews up the wound , creating large , rustic-looking stitches . Once again , he comments on how remarkably unpainful the whole procedure has been . ` It is worth noticing that anaesthesia by means of snow is very effective . Pain is n't felt , ' he tells the camera . Wrapping a bandage around the wound , he stamps his leg on the snow to indicate he can walk again . ` Operation is finished , ' he declares . He cuts a deep incision in his own leg using a scalpel , which he sterilised by heating it with a gas lamp . Using his own hands he scoops out blood which has coagulated and formed a clot , before sewing the wound up with surgical string . Incredibly , ten days later the seams were removed and the wound healed completely , leaving barely any scar . Two weeks later , he is seen casually sitting on an armchair in the snow , having completely recovered . ` I did n't die of gangrene , ' he exclaims , adding that wound did not become infected and there was no need to discharge any pus from it . Incredibly , the seams were removed in ten days and the wound healed completely . The camera pans in on his leg and , amazingly , he was left with barely any scar . While others may have waxed lyrical about their ordeal , his concluding thoughts are that it is essential to have a surgical needle in one 's backpack . ` It is possible to use a sharp penknife instead of a scalpel and flat nose pliers instead of a needle-holder , ' he said . ` But unfortunately it is difficult to replace a surgical needle with something else so I advise having it in the first-aid kit . '