Rarely can a headline in a matchday magazine have been so prophetic : on pages 16 and 17 of the United Review , next to a picture of Ander Herrera , screamed the words ` Right place , right time ' . That has n't always been the case during the Spaniard 's debut season at Old Trafford . Between October 20 and February 17 , Herrera was barely sighted and started just three of the 21 games Manchester United played in that period , prompting much chatter about his place in the squad . It is no secret David Moyes wanted to bring Herrera to Old Trafford on deadline day in August 2013 but red tape scuppered his ambitions ; United pressed ahead with transfer after Moyes was jettisoned but his inactivity prompted questions : Did Louis van Gaal want him or rate him ? Ander Herrera , pictured with Juan Mata , netted a brace to ensure his side claimed the win against Aston Villa . Herrera has established himself in Louis van Gaal 's first team plans after missing out in previous months . Antonio Valencia -LRB- right -RRB- congratulates two-goal hero Herrera -LRB- centre -RRB- after the final whistle . The settling in process was not easy but the 25-year-old 's head has never dropped and in the interview with the club publication , Herrera made it clear that a lack of action was never going to leave him at loggerheads with Van Gaal . ` I am very happy , he said . ` Even when I was n't playing , I was also happy . I am at Manchester United . I feel really lucky to be here . We have to respect his decision . He wants the best for us , the team and we have to follow him always . ' Herrera 's commitment was amply rewarded against Aston Villa . The brightest spark in a Red jersey , he was certainly in the right place at the right time in the 43rd minute , when sweeping a terrific effort past Brad Guzan to set United on their way . His passing was slick , his movement was clever and it was appropriate he bookended this victory with United 's third in injury time ; it was fifth shot on target in the Barclays Premier League and , amazingly , his fifth goal . No wonder he left with acclaim from his manager ringing in his ears . ` I knew Ander has a touch of class , ' said Van Gaal . ` Sometimes he was not composed at the right moment but now he has composure . Scoring seven goals in a season when he has n't played so much ? I think that 's fantastic . '