Anti-Hillary Clinton street art emerged in Brooklyn just hours before Clinton 's presidential candidacy announcement on Sunday . The signs feature portraits of Clinton with phrases including ` Dont Say Secretive ' , ` Do n't Say Entitled ' and ` Do n't Say Ambitious ' . The street art appears to be a dig at a group of Clinton supporters who said it would be on the look out for evidence of sexism in reporting about the Democratic politician , according to the Weekly Standard . Last month , the New York Times ' Amy Chozick brought attention to the efforts made by the group , which goes by the name of ` HRC Super Volunteers ' . The descriptive terms that Clinton 's fan club said it does not want applied to their candidate include ` polarizing , calculating , disingenuous , insincere , ambitious , inevitable , entitled ' and ` over confident . ' Scroll down for videos . Pedestrians walk past an anti-Hillary Clinton poster that says ` Do n't Say Secretive ' across the street from the purported Clinton campaign headquarters on Sunday in Brooklyn , New York . Another anti-Hillary Clinton poster that says ` Do n't Say Entitled ' is affixed to a traffic light across the street from Clinton campaign headquarters where her growing staffers began working on Friday . The posters are said to have appeared in Brooklyn on Saturday night near her campaign 's new headquarters in the borough , where staffers began working on Friday . It is not known who created or posted the Brooklyn street art . Following Clinton 's announcement on Sunday , a hashtag on Twitter also began trending called #WhyImNotVotingForHillary . In this image taken from video posted to hillaryclinton.com on Sunday , Hillary Rodham Clinton announces her campaign for president . A wave of users began using the hashtag giving their reasons for why they would not be voting for the Democratic candidate . One user wrote : ' #WhyImNotVotingForHillary #benghazi plus I ca n't think of anything good she has done . ' Another Twitter user wrote : ' #WhyImNotVotingForHillary because my vote is based on candidate w integrity , forthrightness & beliefs close to mine , none of which she has . ' Following Clinton 's announcement on Sunday afternoon , a hasthag on Twitter began trending called #WhyImNotVotingForHillary . Above a user wrote he would not be voting for Clinton because of Benghazi . Another user wrote : ` My vote is based on candidate w integrity , forthrightness & beliefs close to mine , none of which she has ' while using the anti-Hillary hashtag . Other users wrote that they are not voting for Hillary because they said ` we need more people like Reagan ' . The trending hashtag appears to be started by 19-year-old Markeece Young from North Carolina who rallied users on Saturday night to make it trend on Sunday following Clinton 's announcement that she was running for president . On Facebook he wrote : ` Well when I heard Hillary was announcing her campaign on Twitter I came up with the Idea to create # WhyImNotVotingForHillary it 's simple but very powerful . It was the # 1 trending hashtag in America for about 3 hours . On Saturday , user @YoungBLKRepub also known as Markeece Young wrote on Twitter to get the hashtag trending on Sunday when Clinton was scheduled to announce she was running for president . ` The Hillary Clinton campaign had it removed , that 's right Hillary Clinton 's campaign can delete the # 1 hashtag in America for a cost of money . ` I 'm proud that people helped me make a statement , I can say I 've been causing Hillary problems since day one of her campaign . How many people can say they started the # 1 hashtag in the USA and had it deleted by Hillary herself ? ' Clinton made her presidential campaign announcement on Sunday afternoon leaning on a message of middle-class rescue and claims that America 's economy is ` still stacked in favor of those at the top , ' according to the campaign video .