Juventus coach Massimiliano Allegri is expecting a ` boring ' match against AS Monaco in the Champions League on Tuesday , believing that both sides will adopt a cautious approach . ` Our target is to get through this round and reach the semi-finals , and if we qualify 1-0 or 1-1 -LRB- on aggregate -RRB- , that 's all the same to me , ' said Allegri , whose side are at home in the quarter-final first leg on Tuesday . ` It could be a boring game , the important thing is not to concede a goal at home . ' Juventus manager Massimiliano Allegri strolls in to his pre-match press conference on Monday . The Juventus squad look relaxed as they are put through their paces in sunny Turin . Allegri warned that Monaco , who have conceded only four goals in eight games on their way to the quarter-finals , would be a completely different proposition to Borussia Dortmund , who Juventus beat 5-1 on aggregate in the last 16 . ` The tie against Monaco is much more complicated than the one against Dortmund , ' he said . ` They are two very different teams , the French side concede few goals and it 's always more complicated to play against a team that does n't go forward very often . Veteran midfielder Andrea Pirlo has returned to training after a calf injury . Claudio Marchisio looks focused as he engages in a training drill on Monday . Arturo Vidal -LRB- left -RRB- and Fernando Llorente will both be hoping to start in the Champions League quarter-final . ` It 's tempting to go forward ourselves and there is the risk of leaving spaces for them . We need patience , humility and intelligence , and to realise that we are not going to settle qualification in Turin . ` I think they -LRB- Monaco -RRB- have richly deserved to get to the quarter finals , ' added Allegri . ` They conceded one goal in six games during the group stage , eliminating Benfica and Zenit St Petersburg . In Ligue 1 , they have the best defence with 22 goals conceded -LRB- in 32 games -RRB- . These figures do not come by chance . ' Experienced defender Giorgio Chiellini smiles as he talks to the media on Monday afternoon . Allegri said that playmaker Andrea Pirlo had been included in the squad after recovering from a calf muscle injury , and he now had to decide whether the 35-year-old could be plunged into the tie after a seven-week lay-off . ` Pirlo has n't played for more than 40 days , I 'll decide after the last training session , ' he said .