A not-for-profit group that organised seminars featuring US anti-vaccination campaigner Sherri Tenpenny before she had to cancel due to threats of violence has had its charity status cancelled . The Australian Charities and Not-for-profits Commission -LRB- ACNC -RRB- made the announcement about Get Rid of Sids Project on Wednesday . The organisation is run by well-known Brisbane anti-vaccination campaigner Stephanie Messenger who has penned a number of children 's books , including Melanie 's Marvelous Measles . Scroll down for video . Get Rid of Sids , which had been organising events featuring anti-vaccination campaign Sherri Tenpenny , has had its charity status revoked . In a statement , the ACNC said it had revoked Get Rid of Sids Project 's charity status after a review into its operations and activities . The decision was effective from April 1 and the organisation had 60 days to lodge an appeal . The ACNC was unable to provide any more details of why this had happened because of ` secrecy provisions ' within its Act . This means Get Rid of Sids Project will lose its right to tax concessions and its deductible gift recipient status . Daily Mail Australia has contacted the organisation for comment . Earlier this year , Get Rid of Sids Project ran into controversy when it invited Dr Tenpenny to speak at a number of seminars across Australia . The organisation is headed by prominent Brisbane anti-vaccination campaigner Stephanie Messenger . Her planned trip caused uproar and was repeatedly boycotted by Australian doctors and venues . Following a number of cancellations , Dr Tenpenny made the decision to cancel her remaining talks due to consistent threats of violence from ` anti-free-speech terrorists ' . Sherri Tenpenny was due to speak at a number of events in Brisbane , Sydney , Adelaide , Melbourne and the Gold Coast . In a statement posted to social media at the time , she cited a number of reasons why she had decided not to come to Australia , saying a large number of violent threats , including bomb threats , had been made against venue owners and their families . ` The determination was made to protect the speakers , the public and the venue owners as pro-vaccine extremists have made continual , anonymous threats of vandalism and violence , ' the statement read . Earlier this year , Get Rid of Sids Project ran into controversy when it invited Dr Tenpenny to speak at a number of seminars across Australia . Dr Tenpenny revealed that she had also cancelled a private holiday in Australia due to concerns for her own personal safety . ` I was coming to speak as an invited guest . However , given the level of hostility that has transpired over the last three weeks , and for the sake of my own personal safety , I have also cancelled my planned vacation in Australia , ' she said . Stephanie Messenger , who heads Get Rid of Sids Project and had invited Dr Tenpenny to speak , is the controversial author of Melanie 's Marvelous Measles . The message of the book , which tells children having the measles is fun , was panned by reviewers on Amazon . Messenger said the aim of her book was to ` educate children on the benefits of having measles and how you can heal from them naturally and successfully ' . But people on the internet had other ideas about her picture book , with the book receiving 872 ratings of one star . While the reviews sarcastically thanked Messenger for her contribution .