The tears have dried but for how long ? It 's been almost a year to the day since Darrell Clarke cracked in front of the cameras as he explained how Bristol Rovers fell out of the Football League for the first time since 1920 . If he had spent the entire press conference scratching his head in silence no-one would have blamed him . The circumstances were extraordinary ; the chance they have on Saturday for quick redemption is made all the more fascinating because of what happened in that crazy finale . Rovers had spent less than an hour in the League Two relegation zone all season but , crucially , it was the last hour of the campaign . The music stopped , Mansfield had beaten them 1-0 , the two other teams that needed to win had won , and Rovers were left without a seat . The tears came , £ 1million from the playing budget went and Rovers were a Conference side , three years after being in League One . But , if nothing else , it taught Clarke that anything can happen on the final day . A year ago , Bristol Rovers lost their place in the Football League for the first time since 1920 . Darrell Clarke was distraught at the end of last season , but there could be tears of joy this time around . He needs that hope now , when the battle for the Conference title is wrapped up . It 's between second-placed Rovers , who play Alfreton , and Barnet , who hold a one-point lead and a vastly better goal difference going into their game against Gateshead . ` It 's a pretty big weekend for us , ' Clarke told Sportsmail . It 's not quite the Championship race for £ 120m -- the financial boost available here is roughly £ 600,000 -- but the real-world difference between Football League and the rest is every bit as significant . Barnet are heavy favourites to take the one automatic spot , by virtue of their lead and the fact Gateshead are safe in mid-table . There is also the fact that Wrexham approached Gateshead manager Gary Mills this week to discuss their vacancy . ` I know the lads at Gateshead and I know they will be professional and they have a very professional manager , ' Clarke said . For his part , Clarke 's players must beat an Alfreton side fighting to stay up . ` We both have a lot to gain , ' Clarke said . ` We will be on our front foot from the first whistle to win . ' If they do , and Barnet lose or draw , it will be a remarkable achievement and a rare one , considering no side have returned to the Football League at the first time of asking since Carlisle in 2005 . If Bristol Rovers go up , they will be the first team to go straight back up since Carlisle in 2005 . Carlisle won the Conference play-off in 2005 and Bristol Rovers will hope to match their promotion success . The upheaval that followed Rovers ' demise was dramatic . Clarke 's own position came under review and he lost three members of his backroom team . ` It hurt me personally very much and for the club the finances changed and we had the consequences of that , ' he said . ` People around the club lose jobs and that is hard . ' Twenty players left after the budget was cut . ` We probably have only six players from last season , ' explained Clarke . ` But we have worked so hard to be where we are . This is a hard league , but I 'm delighted with how we are going . ' Clarke 's Rovers had a difficult start to the season but have now only lost once in the last 27 league matches . It was a slow start . Five points from the first five games caused some anxiety and , in November , following their first game against Alfreton , an angry fan tried to board the team bus . On Saturday , they face them again having lost once in the past 27 league games and with the highest average gates in the division . Clarke , at 37 , has salvaged his own reputation . ` We have had the best form in the table for months , ' Clarke said . ` If we have to go to the play-offs , so be it . But let 's see what happens this weekend first . ' It might all end in tears again but there 's a fighting chance that they will be the right kind this time .