They will come up against each other in the year 's first major on Thursday , but it was n't that long ago that Rory McIlroy was looking up to Tiger Woods . The world No 1 - now 103 places above Woods in the world rankings - is the favourite to win the Masters next week and claim his first green jacket , thus completing a career Grand Slam . Woods , who has confirmed he is ready to play at Augusta after spell working on his game , is one of only five players to win the Masters , The Open , the US PGA Championship and the US Open - and it 's that success which led to a young McIlroy aiming to emulate him . Scroll down for video . A young Rory McIlroy is portrayed by an actor in the film as it charts his progress in the sport . McIlroy played golf from a young age and always admired Woods as he grew up in Northern Ireland . McIlroy grew up watching Woods and is now on his way to emulating his hero . McIlroy revealed recently that he sent Tiger a letter saying he was ` coming to get ' him . Rory 's rise from child prodigy to the world 's best - along with his fascination with Woods ' stellar career - has now been beautifully told in a new two-minute video created by their sponsors Nike . Entitled ` Ripple ' , the clip features a number of young actors portraying McIlroy as a kid and into his teenage years - from hitting plastic balls around his parents ' living room , to practising relentlessly in his hometown of Holywood , Northern Ireland . A common theme runs through the video as McIlroy and his father keep a close eye on Tiger 's progress on both the PGA Tour and at the major championships . Speaking about ` Ripple ' , McIlroy said : ` As a kid , I looked up to Tiger . When I first saw him on TV , I remember being completely enamored by the energy he brought to the sport . His will to win . His determination . His fight . ' McIlroy and Woods will line up at Augusta for the Masters this week but in contrasting form . Woods with McIlroy at the tee of the 12th hole final round of the Memorial Tournament in 2013 . ` I 've been in that same situation , ' said Woods . ` Growing up , Jack -LRB- Nicklaus -RRB- was my idol . My first recollection of the Masters was 1986 , when Jack won . ` I remember him making a putt at 17 and lifting that putter up . Fourteen years later at the 2000 PGA Championship , I got to play with and against him -- someone I looked up to . ' It remains to be seen whether Woods will be at the business end of the Masters come Sunday but McIlroy relishes playing with his idol . ` It 's been an incredible journey for me , going from massive fan to competitor , ' he added . ` To think that not too long ago I was that little boy watching him on TV to where I am now . ` It 's been a cool journey and I 'm very lucky I get to compete with and against him , because he inspired me as a kid and he inspires me now . He 's the best player I 've ever seen . '