Blackburn boss Gary Bowyer was in ` shock ' as he watched his goalkeeper Simon Eastwood almost snatch a last-gasp draw for his side against Liverpool . Trailing 1-0 following Philippe Coutinho 's 70th-minute strike , Eastwood left his post guarding the Blackburn goal and arrived in the Liverpool penalty area in a bid to help his side draw level with seconds of the contest remaining . Bowyer had looked ready to celebrate the latest of equalisers after Eastwood skilfully controlled the ball before testing his Reds counterpart Simon Mignolet with a tricky drive . Blackburn goalkeeper Simon Eastwood had a chance in the dying stages to force extra-time . Eastwood almost scored a dramatic late equaliser beyond Liverpool goalkeeper Simon Mignolet . Eastwood showed great composure to control the ball and shoot towards the Liverpool goal . Eastwood reacts after his last-gasp strike was saved by his Reds counterpart Mignolet . ` I think it was more shock that he managed to do that and turn , ' said Bowyer . ` It was an unbelievable turn from him ... a last roll of the dice . ` Our group 's an honest group and they have had a right good go . ` To have pushed Liverpool like that over two games and still have a chance like that means there 's nothing but praise for them . ` It shows the progress we 've made at the club and the supporters have hopefully gone away pleased with what they saw , but just a little bit disappointed that we could n't get the goal . ' Coutinho watches his shot find the bottom corner to give Liverpool the lead with 20 minutes to play . Meanwhile , Jordan Henderson believes Liverpool 's 1-0 FA Cup quarter-final victory at Blackburn will give his team-mates a much-needed lift heading into the Barclays Premier League run-in . The Reds settled the replay through Coutinho 's second-half strike and will now play Aston Villa in a Wembley semi-final on April 19 . Liverpool 's charge towards the Champions League places has been curtailed by defeats to Manchester United and Arsenal but midfielder Henderson feels the Ewood Park result will help get things back on track . ` It was a really important game for us today , ' he told BT Sport . ` I think everybody has been disappointed over the last couple of weeks with performances and results . Liverpool manager Rodgers and Blackburn boss Gary Bowyer talk in the technical area at Ewood Park . ` But I think we showed great character today . We knew when we came here they 'd make it difficult for us but from start to finish we controlled the game , I thought we were brilliant . ` Towards the end when we 'd gone 1-0 up they were chucking everything at us but we defended fantastically . ` Credit to the lads really and we 'll go to Wembley against Villa and I 'm sure it will be a tough game because they 're a good side . ` But it gives everyone a lift . ' Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers celebrates with Jordan Henderson after his side 's victory . Jordan Henderson , Kolo Toure and Joe Allen celebrate after Liverpool secured their place in the semi-finals . Brazilian playmaker Coutinho drilled home Liverpool 's winner after a swift interchange with Henderson and the latter hailed a ` little bit of brilliance ' from the man signed from Inter Milan two years ago . He added : ` Philippe 's got a great football brain and the easy bit was just giving him it and he finished it fantastically well . ` That little bit of brilliance from him wins us the game and gives everyone a big lift . ` Hopefully now we can kick on over our last seven games in the Premier League and in the semi-final . '