Michelle Obama 's loyal chief of staff , who 's been with her since she moved in to the White House , left the first family behind this month . Kristen Jarvis , 34 , is moving on from Washington after seven years of acting as the first lady 's go-to gal and constant companion for nearly all her daily tasks . All except some of the famously fit first lady 's more intensive workout regimes . Moving on : Kristen Jarvis -LRB- at right with Sasha and Malia in 2009 -RRB- has left the Obamas after seven years as Michelle 's fiercely loyal chief of staff . Jarvis , who 's moving on to become the Ford Foundation president Darren Walker 's chief of staff , admits she did not share Michelle 's love of D.C. workout craze Solidcore . ` She can have that , ' the Spelman College graduate told the Washington Post . And it 's hard to blame her . Solidcore 's website says it utilizes ` slow and controlled full-body movements with constant tension to work your muscle fibers to failure ... to rebuild a more sculpted , stronger and -LSB- solid -RSB- you . ' Jarvis , instead , got her workouts by helping carry the First Lady through her last seven years in the White House . She was with the Obamas even before that , however . Jarvis entered the family 's orbit in 2005 when she joined Obama 's Senate office . She went on to work on Obama 's 2008 campaign and then Michelle 's staff leading up to the election before becoming her top personal aide . Her relationship with the family , insiders say , was deeply familial . ` She can have that ' : Jarvis says she mostly kept up with fitness-loving Michelle , but drew the line at D.C. workout craze Solidcore . Jarvis 's last trip on Air Force One with the family she 's come to know and love was especially emotional and not just because she 'd soon be leaving the presidential world behind . The trip was to Selma , Alabama where the first black family in the White House was traveling to the civil rights anniversary commemorations . ` It was so powerful . It felt like -LSB- both -RSB- the message of 2008 and how far we 've come as a people , ' she told Wapo . Perhaps just as personally meaningful was how that final trip ended back in Washington , where Mrs. Obama invited Jarvis to exit at the front of the plane with the family . ` As we walked down the steps , FLOTUS was holding my hand , ' Jarvis said , as if the First Lady was happily leading her into her new life . Jarvis said that Michelle was an active part of her transition out of Washington . ` She has been a mentor throughout this entire process , ' Jarvis said . Ten years of service : Jarvis , 34 , first joined the Obamas ' orbit in 2005 when she took a job in then Senator Obama 's office . The Maryland native lost both parents and a brother before she was 30 and , Jarvis 's deputy Melissa Winter told Wapo , ` The first lady was able to fill unintentionally some areas of Kristen 's life that she was missing growing up . ' Jarvis , who the Washington Post says came to embody ` the kind of deep , personal commitment the Obamas value ' , played her hand close even after her exit , telling a Wapo reporter recently that , with Michelle , ` honestly for her , what you see is what you get ... she just really instills the confidence in you . ' That confidence and loyalty has now won her a job near the top of a $ 10 billion corporate foundation . The Ford Foundation , created in 1936 by auto moguls Henry and Edsel Ford , funds charities and individuals worldwide that encourage and ` promote among the nonprofit , government and business sectors ; and to ensure participation by men and women from diverse communities and all levels of society . ' Loyal : Jarvis , a Spelman College grad , went on to work on Obama 's 2008 campaign and then Michelle 's staff leading up to the election before becoming her top personal aide .