Police officers have raided a doctors ' surgery following ` concerns ' about the deaths of four patients in the Channel Islands . Ten officers from Guernsey Police executed search warrants at the Eagle Medical Practice and a private residential address on the island of Alderney after the force was alerted by the Health & Social Services Department . The HSSD said that following its initial investigation a doctor was excluded from treating patients at the Mignot Memorial Hospital and the General Medical Council -LRB- GMC -RRB- was informed . Ten officers from Guernsey Police executed search warrants at both the Eagle Medical Practice -LRB- pictured -RRB- and a private residential address on the island of Alderney after concerns were raised by the health department . The practice in Olivier Street is run by Dr Rory Lyons . No arrests have been made . A police spokesman said : ` The circumstances which led to this action are that concerns were raised with the Health and Social Services Department following the death of a patient who had been under the care of the Eagle Medical Practice . ` HSSD carried out a preliminary internal investigation , where three further deaths of concern were identified , before referring the matter to Guernsey Police . The Health & Social Services Department said that following its initial investigation a doctor was excluded from treating patients at the Mignot Memorial Hospital and the General Medical Council -LRB- GMC -RRB- was informed . ` Based on this information we have launched an investigation . ' The spokesman said it was likely that medical records would be seized from the premises . ` This decisive early action was necessary in order to ensure the protection of the public , which is always our primary concern , ' he added . HSSD chief officer Carol Tozer said : ` Following our initial investigation , a doctor was excluded from treating patients at the Mignot Memorial Hospital and the General Medical Council was informed . ` The GMC was also notified that the matter is now the subject of a police investigation . ` The GMC has confirmed that the doctor 's practice is already restricted and he is being investigated . ' She said anyone with concerns can contact staff at Mignot Memorial Hospital . The investigation was launched on the island of Alderney -LRB- pictured -RRB- following the deaths of four patients . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .