Trillions of pounds worth of oil -- as much as the entire North Sea fields -- lies beneath an area of England dubbed ` Britain 's Dallas ' , it was claimed yesterday . Analysis suggests there is up to 100billion barrels of the fossil fuel under the Home Counties . The potential goldmine in the Weald Basin , across Surrey , Sussex , Hampshire and Kent , could meet up to a third of Britain 's oil demand within 15 years , according to the consortium exploring the area . Scroll down for video . UK Oil & Gas Investments say they have discovered 100billion barrels worth of oil reserves in the Weald Basin , near Gatwick airport -LRB- pictured , the well head at Horse Hill -RRB- . A map showing the location of the oil and gas deposits within the Weald Basin , which are thought to lie at between 2,500 ft and 3,000 ft below the ground . This could reduce reliance on oil from the Middle East and Russia and could be a major boost for British industry at a time when the North Sea supply is dwindling . But industry experts remained sceptical of the claims , with one describing them as ` overly optimistic ' . Since 1975 , of an estimated 100billion barrels of oil in the UK North Sea , only 45billion have been pumped out . It is believed another 20billion barrels can be recovered before extraction becomes too difficult . Experts warned last night that only a fraction of the Weald Basin oil may be accessible for extraction . They also claimed fracking could be required to retrieve significant volumes . Stephen Sanderson , the chief executive of UKOG , said the site at Horse Hill was ` world class ' and had the potential for ` significant daily oil production ' at this proposed drilling site . Horse Hill Developments consortium made the discovery during test drilling in a well five miles from Gatwick Airport . UK Oil & Gas Investments , which has a 30 per cent stake , said ` cutting-edge ' data suggested the oilfield holds 158million barrels per square mile -- equating to 100billion barrels across the basin . At current crude prices , this could be worth £ 3.7 trillion . Stephen Sanderson of UKOG , which insisted it would not use fracking , said : ` By 2030 , we could produce 10 per cent to 30 per cent of the UK 's oil demand from within the Weald area . ' Neil Ritson , of fellow consortium firm Solo Oil , said it was of ` major economic significance ' . If flow tests showed oil could be extracted , the production process could begin within 18 months , he added . US firm Nutech , which conducted the tests , estimated 3 per cent to 15 per cent of the oilfield could be extracted -- up to 15billion barrels . UKOG chairman David Lenigas said drilling in the Weald could create ` many thousands ' of jobs . Although the exploration site covered 55 square miles out of 1,100 , he said the consortium was confident the entire region was oil-rich . Works : The well is situated in this container on the proposed drilling site . Exploration : Experts are now trying to work out how much of the oil will be properly recoverable . Mr Lenigas dismissed suggestions it would be hard to extract from the site , saying the ground was limestone which acted ` like a big sponge ' and that ` you can effectively suck the oil out ' . The Australian entrepreneur , who lives in Monaco , is a director of 16 British companies -- and has been criticised in the past for exaggerating the success of his enterprises to jack up share prices . UKOG shares soared after the firm claimed to have discovered a ` world-class potential resource ' . However , Professor Alastair Fraser , of Imperial College London , said the claims were ` overly optimistic ' . A study by the university suggested a maximum of 40billion barrels in the region , while the British Geological Survey estimated the basin held just 4.4 billion barrels of shale oil . Discovery : The Horse Hill site near Gatwick in Sussex , where a large amount of oil has apparently been found . Drilling : Exploratory wells have found that the ground contains 158million barrels per square mile . Development : The site is owned by a number of companies including UK Oil & Gas Investments . The professor added : ` The question will be how much of it we can actually get out and whether it is commercially and technologically viable to do so . ' Malcolm Graham-Wood , of oil consultants HydroCarbon Capital , suggested residents might object to rows of onshore oil wells , adding : ` The question is can it produce oil ? It is extremely difficult with a very low recovery rate . This is potentially interesting but I would n't attribute any value yet . ' But Mr Lenigas said : ` To all those people who say I am hiking up the share price , I am not . I am just saying what the Nutech report says ... I feel passionate that this is globally significant for Britain . ' A Department of Energy & Climate Change spokesman said : ` The Government welcomes any new information which expands our understanding of the potential of the Weald Basin . ' There might be 100billion barrels of oil beneath the Home Counties -- but residents living above it may not receive a penny of the profits . The Government owns the land under your house -- meaning homeowners have no right to any oil found beneath them . Once oil has been found , oil companies pay the Government for an annual licence which gives them the right to excavate the oil and keep the profits . The Government also gains money from the tax it receives on the oil extracted . The only way an oil company would pay the surface landowner is if it wanted to base its drilling site on their land . However , firms that undertake fracking , which is seen as a more intrusive and controversial method of extracting oil than simply drilling , must sometimes agree to provide ` community benefits ' . This could include building a playground or school nearby the fracking site , and is seen as compensation for residents . Oil companies need to consult communities if they plan to undertake fracking in their area , as well as gaining planning permission from the local council . Oil rush : The Weald Basin , of which Horse Hill is part , could contain a total of 100billion barrels . Mystery : It is not yet known how much of the area 's oil will be easily recoverable . Boom : The Sussex countryside could soon be dotted with oil wells -LRB- file photo -RRB- .