An investigation spanning almost three years into the yearly cost of gun violence covered by U.S. taxpayers has determined the figure to be over $ 229 billion . The new study , by independent political magazine Mother Jones , was spawned by the mass shooting in Aurora , Colorado , in July 2012 during a midnight screening of The Dark Knight rises , in which 12 people were killed and 70 injured . The magazine says it set out to determine the amount of money the survivors and victims ' families from that one incident would need , based on medical expenses , lost wages , court costs , therapy and impact on quality of life . The legal proceedings alone cost $ 5.5 million before the trial of the shooter , James Eagan Holmes , had even started . Shocking : A new report into the annual economic toll of gun violence in the US determined that taxpayers fork out $ 229 billion annually because of shootings , which is more than $ 700 per person . That figure is more than Apple 's annual revenue of $ 174 billion and the cost of the obesity epidemic , which is $ 224 billion . The investigation subsequently expanded to account for all the victims of gun-related violence in the U.S. based on yearly figures from 2012 . At least 750,000 Americans have been injured by guns over the last 10 years . While gun-related deaths seem to be decreasing , with 33,000 each year , gun-related violence is increasing , with 80,000 injured in 2012 . Mother Jones reported the rise of gun-related violence to be up 11 percent since 2011 . Despite this increase , no studies have been undertaken to document the cost to society that such shootings demand . Last month , a team doctors noted in the Annals of Internal Medicine that the issue is ` a public health crisis ' . The medical journal also noted that such studies have been avoided because of the influence that the National Rifle Association and other pro-gun groups have on political leaders . The Annals of Internal Medicine called this ` suppression of science ' . Gun violence : Although homicides are on the decline across the US , Mother Jones found 80,000 people were injured by guns in 2012 . The yearly cost to send someone to prison for gun-related homicide is $ 414,000 . Mother Jones added : ` Political forces had effectively banned the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and other scientific agencies from funding research on gun-related injury and death . The ban worked : A recent systematic review of studies evaluating access to guns and its association with suicide and homicide identified no relevant studies published since 2005 . ' To set about its own study , Mother Jones enlisted Ted Miller at the Pacific Institute for Research and Evaluation . Miller had undertaken similar investigations since the 1980s . They identified two major costs stemming from gun-related violence : direct and indirect . Direct costs referred to the expenses of someone actually being shot , from emergency service , to police investigations and medical bills , as well as court and prison costs for the assailant . Taxpayers account for about 87 percent of the direct costs involved in gun-related violence , Mother Jones reported . Based on Miller 's findings and the 2012 data , it was determined the yearly total of direct costs is about $ 8.6 billion . About $ 5.2 billion of this relates to prison costs . ` The average cost to taxpayers for a single gun homicide in America is nearly $ 400,000 , ' the study determined . ` And we pay for 32 of them every single day . ' For each homicide caused by a gun , the largest direct cost is prison , which costs about $ 414,000 for each person who committed the crime , according to Mother Jones . There are 32 of these paid out every day . The second , and vastly more expensive category , is indirect costs , such as loss of income , impact on quality of life and payouts to survivors , victims and their families . Indirect costs amount to at least $ 221 billion each year , it was determined . Lost wages alone counts for $ 49 billion of that figure . However the $ 229 billion total could be well be higher , because there are factors related to gun violence that could not be counted . This includes the massive increase in security at schools across the country since the Columbine High School massacre in 1999 . The federal government has spent over $ 811 million equipping schools with security guards and providing other surveillance-based equipment . Adding up : The Mother Jones study used 2012 data of homicides , suicides , police shootings , and massacres to quantify the effects of gun violence . Mother Jones included a case study in the investigation , showing the life-long costs of and effects that a random shooting had on Arizona woman Jennifer Longdon . Longdon and her husband , both martial artists , were at a drive-thru in Phoenix on November 15 , 2004 , when another vehicle side-swiped their car . The driver of the other vehicle got out and fired five shots into the truck that Longdon and her husband David were in . David was shot in the head , causing him severe neurological damage and sending him blind . He required around-the-clock care . Jennifer was shot in the spine and permanently paralyzed from the chest down . The shooter or shooters were never caught . Activist : Jennifer Longdon was paralyzed following a random shooting in Phoenix in 2044 . She estimates the total financial toll the shooting has had on her since the incident to be around $ 5 million . Adding to that cost , the shooter was never caught and her husband suffered severe brain damage . After five months in hospital , Jennifer 's hospital bills totaled almost $ 1 million . She was dumped by her health insurance provider following the shooting , based on a pre-existing condition , and had to file for bankruptcy . She has been hospitalized over 20 times since the shooting and estimates her total bills since 2004 , including wheelchair modifications to her home , a van that she was able to drive with just her hands and physical therapy , to about $ 5 million . She is now a high-profile gun control activist . ` It 's an ongoing battle every day -- choosing to stay alive , and to continue to fight , ' she told Mother Jones .