` Burned up inside ' : Doctors could not save Eloise Aimee Parry , 21 , above , after she took the ` diet pills ' Deadly diet pills thought to have killed six young people in Britain are being sold online for just 70p each . Unscrupulous dealers in the UK and abroad are selling the potentially fatal drug , which contains a toxic chemical used in pesticides and explosives , to those desperate to lose weight . Some promise next-day delivery , while others even offer free samples for those who want to ` try before they buy ' . The most recent victim of the chemical 2,4-Dinitrophenol -LRB- DNP -RRB- is Eloise Aimee Parry , 21 , as reported in yesterday 's Mail . She died this month after buying it online to slim down -- despite being a normal weight . Five others have died since 2008 . Yesterday , her mother , Fiona , told how the drug arrived in a ` nondescript ' plastic bag labelled with a white sticker embossed with the letters ` DNP ' and an illustration of its chemical formula . She found it in her daughter 's handbag after her death in hospital on April 12 . Mrs Parry , 51 , a chemistry teacher , said the drug was simple to concoct , adding : ` A student with a decent grade in A-level chemistry could work out how to synthesise this . ' Despite the dangers , the drug can be bought cheaply and easily online , the Daily Mail discovered yesterday . Simple internet searches found dozens of firms marketing and selling DNP as a miracle diet pill for home delivery in ` discreet packaging ' . Others based in China were offering the powder contained in the capsules in bulk , allowing anyone to make pills and sell them online . One company claimed to be based in the UK . It had a sale on , with 100 pills for £ 70 . It also offered to send six free tablets to try . Miss Parry , from Shrewsbury , died after taking eight -- six more than the fatal dose . She ` burned up from within ' , her mother said . DNP , a yellow organic compound , is used to suppress plant growth and as an explosive . It was popular as a diet aid in the 1930s but was banned after it was found to be poisonous . Despite this , it has become popular again , particularly among bodybuilders . It works by causing the body to overheat , accelerating the metabolism so it burns more fat . However it also causes dehydration , nausea , vomiting , excessive sweating and a rapid or irregular heartbeat and can lead to coma and death . Long-term use can lead to the development of cataracts and skin lesions and may cause damage to the heart and nervous system . There is also evidence that DNP causes cancer and increases the risk of birth defects . Bright yellow DNP powder is produced as a pesticide at chemical factories in Turkey and China . It is then made into easy-to-swallow capsules by dealers who sell them online as weight-loss pills . Dozens of websites advertise DNP as a fat-burning wonder drug . They promise discreet , prompt , worldwide delivery . One British website even offers customers a ` try before you buy ' . What the websites do not say is that DNP has been linked to at least 62 deaths worldwide . Many promise that users can expect to lose 1 lb of fat every day on the drug . Some websites include the disclaimer ` Research purposes only , not for human consumption ' but still sell the drug in capsule form . Produced as a pesticide : Yellow DNP powder . It is illegal to sell for human consumption , but sellers get around this by claiming to sell it as a pesticide or dye , which is not illegal , or with disclaimers . There is little British authorities can do because most firms are based or registered overseas . Miss Parry , who was bulimic , was a families and childcare studies student at Glyndwr University in Wrexham , north Wales . On April 12 she drove herself to a & e after taking eight pills and becoming unwell . Within three hours , she was dead . Mrs Parry said she had no idea her daughter had been taking slimming pills until she arrived at a & e to be told by doctors she had died . Police are investigating the source of Miss Parry 's tablets . However , the British website found by the Mail , which was decorated with Union Flags , offered next-day delivery and said the pills were ` the most powerful and effective weight-loss tool available ' , claiming customers could lose 1 lb a day . It added : ` Used correctly , there is simply nothing like it . ' Other firms are based in Turkey , the US and Russia . In almost all cases , it is impossible to trace those behind the websites because they are registered to offshore host companies . The National Poisons Information Service said there were just six enquiries from GPs about DNP in 2012 -- a year later there were 300 . Referring to online merchants , Mrs Parry , a single mother of five , said : ` They do n't care about the damage they inflict , about the pain and suffering of the people who take this stuff and pay a price for it . ' The Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency can not take action against manufacturers or distributors because DNP is not classified as a medicinal product . In theory , the Food Standards Authority could act if DNP was sold for human consumption . But most firms are registered abroad so they fall outside its jurisdiction . Victims ' families have been campaigning for DNP to be classified as an illegal drug , and in 2013 , David Cameron promised to ` look carefully ' at the issue . But in March the Home Office told an MP it would not make the drug illegal because it contains no ` psychoactive ' properties . Warning : Fiona Parry -LRB- pictured -RRB- , whose 21-year old Eloise -LRB- pictured during school years the photo frame -RRB- died after swallowing diet pills , has urged others not to take the toxic substance , saying : ` It 's an awful way to die ' Shock : Mrs Parry said she had no idea her daughter -LRB- pictured left and right with her mother , aged three months -RRB- had been taking slimming pills until she arrived at a & e to be told by doctors she had died .