Instead of enjoying a conventional honeymoon after his wedding on Saturday Andy Murray will be heading to Barcelona next week for a training block that has now taken on a much increased significance . For in the wake of Amelie Mauresmo 's announcement that she is pregnant , the world No 3 's trial with his prospective assistant coach Jonas Bjorkman has assumed a greater importance . Mauresmo , who is to give birth some time in August , will be around eight months ' pregnant during Wimbledon this summer , which is not finishing until July 12 due to the new three week gap between Roland Garros and The Championships . Andy Murray celebrates taking a set against Novak Djokovic in the final of the Miami Open . The British No 1 is set to marry his long-term girlfriend Kim Sears in Dunblane on Saturday . Therefore Bjorkman is likely to have a key part to play as Murray attempts to regain his title at SW19 -- something which , given his improved form during the first part of the season and his prowess on grass , is well within his reach this year . Beyond that the 43 year-old Swede may also come into his own , as it is unclear how this will affect Mauresmo 's 26 week per year commitment to the Scot , which is almost exclusively spent on the road . She also has the part-time job of being Captain of the French Fed Cup team , who are in action next weekend . Mauresmo has never made any secret of the fact that the travel is the part of the job that least appeals to her , and that will inevitably become more complicated with a baby on board . Already it must be very questionable whether she would be at the US Open which begins at the end of the August , although there has been no comment on this from either her or Murray , who has been up in Scotland ahead of tying the knot with Kim Sears in Dunblane . Murray 's current coach Amelie Mauresmo has recently announced that she is expecting a baby . Mauresmo , pictured at this year 's Australian Open , may have to alter her coaching schedule after the birth . It is understood that the 27 year-old Scot has known about Mauresmo ' s pregnancy for a number of weeks , but he was anyway planning on linking up with Bjorkman -- the former world singles No 4 and doubles No 1 -- prior to that . As Sportsmail reported as far back as nearly a year ago , the Swede was on Murray 's shortlist to replace Ivan Lendl before he settled on the former Wimbledon women 's champion as part of a groundbreaking move . A personable and intelligent man still actively involved in the game , and as someone who made the absolute best of his natural ability , he was someone the Scot identified as prime coaching material . Murray has been planning to work with former world No 3 Jonas Bjorkman as an assistant coach . The Swede , pictured winning Wimbledon with Todd Woodbridge , is a former world No 1 doubles player . Last week in Miami Murray reported that the two of them had recently spent two hours on the phone together , and he has not been able to join up before because he has been involved with Sweden 's version of Strictly Come Dancing . ` The time flew by , ' the British No 1 said of their highly satisfactory conversation . It would be a major surprise if they somehow did not get along , or if he did not fit in with others in the team , including Mauresmo . Just where this leaves the player and his 35 year-old head coach will be for the two of them to work out . The softly-spoken Mauresmo is a very private person who prefers to keep a low profile on the tennis side of things , let alone on matters to do with her personal life . Bjorkman could have a key part to play in Murray 's quest to reclaim the Wimbledon title he won in 2013 . She is known to have been accompanied by a girlfriend on trips with Murray to Australia and America this year , who stays in the background to the point where she has been near enough invisible . However pleased Murray will be for his coach on a personal basis -- and there is no question they have become very close -- he might also feel that the last thing he needs is any further complication or upheaval within his support team . His form has been good this year after all the disruptions and departures of last season , and Bjorkman appeared to be the last piece slotting into place . Now the Swede could find himself with a bigger role than was initially bargained for .