Disbelief . That 's what you feel when you meet a rhino in the wild . You just ca n't come to terms with the fact that you and he are sharing the same air , the same continent , the same century . I 've had close-up experience with three of the world 's five surviving species of rhino : the white rhino looks like the main battle tank of an extra-terrestrial army , while the black is more like a hot-rod armoured car . The greater one-horned rhino , meanwhile , sometimes called the Indian rhino , looks as if it 's been riveted together from pieces of boiler-plate . Surely they ca n't be real . You feel as if you 've slipped back into the Jurassic era and were looking at some great horned dinosaur , for they could n't possibly be part of the 21st century . It 's as if the creatures of the past had suddenly invaded the present , as if the Lost World of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle had been found again . Scroll down for video . Guarded : A four man team of armed guards now protects Sudan the Northern White Rhino who is the last male of his species . But then you think : hang on a minute . These rhinos are nothing to do with dinosaurs or with any vanished world . They 're mammals , just like you and me , and they 're as admirably adapted for the current century as we are . They 're as modern as a child born yesterday : part of our present , not part of our past . Yes , give them a fair crack of the whip and they 'd be as successful as any of the big creatures we have left on our planet , for in many countries the wild places they depend on are still in fine shape and perfectly capable of supporting any number of rhinos . So why are we running out of them ? Why does the last surviving male of the northern sub-species of the white rhino now live under a 24-hour guard ? Why has he been stripped of his horn ? Why is it that we seem to be on the brink of losing an entire race of rhinos ? Threatened : Sudan is the target of poachers looking to sell rhino horn which can make up to £ 47,000 a kilo . This is the lonely rhino , known as Sudan , guarded day and night by rangers who risk their own lives as they try to keep him from poachers . Even without his horn , his keepers in the Kenyan reserve of Ol Pejeta fear for his safety . It seems like madness -- because it is madness . A rhino 's horn is made from keratin , the same stuff as fingernails . You could collect your nail clippings and try to sell them , claiming that they were magic and capable of curing all kinds of things . You could try selling your keratin at £ 47,000 a kilo . You probably would n't find many takers , but it 's no more absurd than selling rhino horn for the same purposes and price . People will pay an absurd amount for an absurd product because of an absurd belief : that rhino horn is the most wonderful kind of medicine . Today , the wildlife business -- including the sale of rhino horn -- represents the third-largest illegal trade in the world , after arms and drugs . It offers a considerable opportunity for criminals , because the authorities do n't enforce the laws against it with anything like the same seriousness as they do with weapons and narcotics . And there is huge -- and growing -- demand . In 2007 , 13 rhinos were poached and killed in South Africa . The horns were removed and they were sold on the Asian medicine market . Dangerous : The rangers are aware they are risking their lives to protect the enormous animal . Failure : But attempts at breeding have been unsuccessful - and Sudan is now getting old . Last year in South Africa 1,215 rhinos were poached and killed . That 's one every eight hours . We 're running out of rhinos . The massacre is taking place across Africa and into Asia . It 's driven by money , and the more horn costs the more desirable the stuff becomes . Prestige , status , vanity and belief in magic drive the trade in rhino horn . The fact that it 's useless for anyone but a rhino has no bearing on demand . Rhino horn has for centuries been part of traditional Chinese medicine , and it 's used to treat disorders of the blood . It 's never been used as an aphrodisiac : that 's a fantasy from bewildered Westerners . Increasing prosperity in China has led to higher demand . But as the South African poaching figures show , the market has jumped from steady but borderline sustainable to completely crazy , which has put rhinos on the fast-track to extinction . That 's largely because of the entry of a new player : Vietnam . The country 's new wealth has kick-started a craze for rhino horn . They take a much more free and easy attitude to its powers there : it 's regarded as a cure for cancer , and it 's also used a pick-me-up after a big night . The effects of a powerful hangover can , people believe , be controlled -- all it takes is one very rich man and one very dead rhino . Can the trade possibly be stopped ? There are two ways of doing so : policing the poaching , smuggling and sale with more commitment , and reducing the demand in the places where people buy the stuff . In 2012 , the South African and Vietnamese governments signed a memorandum of understanding , agreeing to work with closer co-operation to stop the trade . You can see how well that 's worked . In Vietnam a non-governmental organisation called Education for Nature in Vietnam -LRB- ENV -RRB- is trying to make rhino horn uncool . It has a public service announcement with Vietnam 's great singing diva , Hong Nhung , standing by a poached and dehorned corpse telling the Vietnamese not to use rhino horn . And in another sequence , a comedian plays a rich man trying to impress the girls with his hideously expensive chunk of horn . The most beautiful girl says : ` It impresses no one , especially not me . ' ENV runs a hotline for information about rhino horn use and a database . It also has good contacts in government and works on policy . The organisation has plenty of young volunteers and a good deal of their work is making rhino horn unthinkable for the next generation . It gets some of its funding from the excellent London-based organisation Save The Rhino -- of which I 'm a patron . Extreme measures : Rangers have even cut off the rhino 's horn - but they fear it wo n't be enough . Hungry : Feeding time in Sudan 's enclosure - he spent most of his life in a Czech zoo . There are also many good projects for rhino conservation in Africa and across the world . The Luangwa Valley in Zambia once held 4,000 black rhinos : they were poached out over 20 years and declared extinct in Zambia in 1998 . Five years later , a project to release captive-bred black rhinos began : there are now 34 roaming free in the valley . Most problems with conservation come from the rising human population , and with it , the destruction of habitat . In so many parts of the world , we are running out of room . But there 's plenty of room left for rhinos in Africa . Conserving rhinos should be easy , yet they 're going extinct not because of overcrowding but from human folly . Rhinos are being killed because of belief in a discredited form of magic and the simple love of showing off . And yet you can go out into the wild areas of the world , especially in Africa , and still get close to these vast beasts . I once spent a day in Zimbabwe tracking a big male black rhino on foot and when at last we found him it seemed this might have been a mistake . There he was , 20 yards away , looking at me looking at him . One of those moments of eternity . But after a while he relaxed and got on with his life , snacking on bushes . Big solid , fast and armed with that wonderful great bodger on his bonce , he 's a modern creature fully equipped for the modern world , if only we 'd let him get on with it . But we 're killing him off with money , greed , political inertia , incompetent policing , superstition and deadly vanity . So , a suggestion if you happen to be suffering from a hangover and wish to cure it . Try biting your nails . It 's every bit as effective as a dead rhino .