An estimated 957,000 shoppers in the US alone ordered Apple Watches on Friday and this popularity surpassed expectations - even Apple 's . In a leaked memo from the firm 's Angela Ahrendts , the retail chief said that customers wo n't be able to buy an Apple Watch in store ` through the month of May ' due to ` high global interest combined with our initial supply . ' It was expected to launch on 24 April . Ms Ahrendts added it had not been an easy decision and would provide more updates as the firm gets ` closer to in-store availability . ' Scroll down for video . In a leaked memo from Apple 's Angela Ahrendts the retail chief wrote : ` Due to high global interest combined with our initial supply , we are only taking orders online right now -LSB- and -RSB- we expect this to continue through the month of May . ' It was expected to launch on 24 April . The memo was seen by Rhiannon Williams at The Telegraph . Pre-orders of the watch began on Friday at 12.01 am PDT -LRB- 8.01 am BST -RRB- and within an hour many models in various regions had sold out including the most expensive 38 mm gold Edition version in the US and Canada . Models were showing a shipping time of four to six weeks or , in some cases , June despite the watch going on general sale on 24 April . An estimated 957,000 American shoppers ordered Apple Watches on Friday . That estimate comes from Slice Intelligence , which measures digital commerce by tracking consumer e-receipts . Its data from online shoppers showed an average of 1.3 watches bought per customer , with $ 503.83 -LRB- £ 337 -RRB- spent per item - although Apple has not officially confirmed any sales figures . In a recent Goldman Sachs survey , more than 10 per cent of iPhone owners say they will buy an Apple Watch , a new survey has found . Goldmach Sachs surveyed 1,000 people , and found 11 % of people who own an iPhone are ` very likely ' to buy the $ 349 smart timepiece this year . It said the demand for the Watch was ` encouraging ' , and says sales are likely to hit hit traditional watch firms . It was initially believed that those who were willing to queue on 24 April would be able to buy the Watch before people who had pre-ordered . But Ms Ahrendts memo has confirmed otherwise . ` It 's important to remember that Apple Watch is not just a new product but an entirely new category for us , ' the memo continued . ` There 's never been anything quite like it . That 's why , for the first time , we are previewing a new product in our stores before it has started shipping . ` Given the high interest and initial supply at launch , we will be able to get customers the model they want earlier and faster by taking orders online . ' She added that this is n't the way Apple intends to launch all new products form now on and it loves ` those blockbuster Apple product launch days ' , but told store employees to be prepared for the changes . On Friday many buyers reported Apple 's site was still down after the launch time , forcing them to order the device through the Apple App Store on their phones or tablets . As part of the first wave of pre-orders , the Watch can be bought online by people in the US , Canada , UK , Germany , France , Australia , Hong Kong , China and Japan . The Watch also went on display in Apple stores across these regions , as well as in Galeries Lafayette in Paris , Isetan in Tokyo , Selfridges in London , and select Apple resellers in Japan and China . Online pre-orders began on Friday at 12.01 am PDT -LRB- 8 am BST -RRB- and although Apple said the devices will ship on 24 April within just an hour this had been pushed back to June . Buyers also reported the site was still down after the launch time , forcing them to order the device through the Apple App Store app . Ms Ahrendts added it had not been an easy decision and would provide more updates as the firm gets ` closer to in-store availability . ' It was initially thought those who were willing to queue on 24 April would get the Watch in stores before people who had pre-ordered . But Ms Ahrendts ' memo has confirmed otherwise . ` Will the Apple Watch change your life ? Well , possibly more than many realise until they start using it . ` After a day or two with the watch , a strange thing happened - I completely stopped checking my phone . ` While Apple may be the firm that really creates phone addiction , meaning we are constantly checking our handsets , with the Apple Watch it may have cured it . ` Apple undoubtedly has another hit on its hands with the watch . ` As more and more apps appear , and developers actually get to spend time with it , I fully expect it be used in ways we ca n't even imagine now . ` Much like the iPhone , apps could propel this to become a new computing platform - and even with the features it already has , the Apple watch is the most elegant way to communicate digitally . ' Mark Prigg in New York . As with all Apple launches , the Californian tech giant took its store offline hours before the pre-order time to update its product pages . However , shortly after the pre-orders opened customers took to Twitter to complain the site was still down and they could n't access the checkout . One said : ` Irritated that I stayed up until 3 am to pre-order an #AppleWatch and the site was down until after the May inventory already sold out . ' And even after orders had been placed , some customers had trouble receiving confirmation details and delivery dates . One Twitter user wrote : ' #AppleWatch ordered but no email confirmation and the ` orders ' section on their site and app is down so I ca n't confirm it went through . ' Another wrote : ` No way in hell am I preordering an #AppleWatch today when it wo n't ship until June . ' and another added : ` There 's an #AppleWatch for everyone . ' Unless you want it before June . ' But for people who want to try on the Watch they can book an appointment online . A MailOnline investigation earlier this week revealed that the UK is the most expensive place in the world to buy the majority of Apple Watch models . Apple 's site and app still say the Watch is available from 24 April , but when a model is selected and added to the customer 's online basket -LRB- pictured -RRB- , this changes . A Sport model currently has a dispatch time of four to six weeks , while the Edition model has a June delivery date . And for people who want to try on the Watch they can book an appointment online -LRB- pictured -RRB- . The memo added this is n't the way Apple intends to launch all new products form now on and it loves ` those blockbuster Apple product launch days ' but told store employees to prepare for the change . The most expensive Edition model costs up to £ 2,500 more in the UK compared to elsewhere in the world , while at the lower end of the scale British buyers pay up to £ 63 more for the Sport model . The cheapest model is the 38 mm Sport version and costs £ 299 in the UK . In the US , the same model costs $ 349 , but this does n't include sales tax . Sales tax in the US depends on the region where the product is sold , but as an example California has one of the highest rates - at 9 % - while Montana has zero . All prices shown in the table above are for the most expensive option in each model and region . Prices also include all relevant sales taxes . Beneath each foreign price is the conversion rate in GBP . In the US , California was chosen because it has one of the highest sales taxes at 9 % , while Montana was chosen for the opposite end of the scale because it does n't have a sales tax . Quebec in Canada has one of the highest sales taxes at 15 % , while Alberta has one of the lowest at 5 % . Prices and conversions were correct at the time of writing . With both of these sales taxes added to the price of the Sports model in the US , the total cost works out at $ 380.41 -LRB- £ 257 -RRB- and $ 349 -LRB- £ 236 -RRB- in the respective states . This is a difference of £ 42 when bought in California , compared to the UK , and £ 63 when compared to Montana . The effect is magnified for the top-of-the-range Edition version , which costs from £ 8,000 for the 38 mm model in Britain , compared to a starting price of $ 10,000 in the US . At the time of writing , $ 10,000 converts to £ 6,769 - which equates to a difference of £ 1,231 before charges are taken into account . The most expensive version of the 38 mm edition in the UK is £ 13,500 in the UK , and $ 17,000 in the US . When sales taxes are added to the US model , the price rises to $ 18,530 in California , which converts to £ 12,543 - a difference of £ 957 .