The nation 's first ever set of all-girl quintuplets is ` doing fabulous ' , according to their mother . Danielle Busby looked tired but ecstatic as she appeared on Today for an interview just a week after giving birth . Olivia Marie , Ava Lane , Hazel Grace , Parker Kate and Riley Paige are all still in an incubator at Houston 's Woman 's Hospital of Texas . But they 're getting stronger every day . ` They 're doing fabulous . They 're so precious and they 're doing really , really well , ' Danielle said as she beamed holding her husband Adam 's hand . SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . Ecstatic : Danielle and Adam Busby said they are still in shock but delighted a week after the birth . ` It was an emotional downpour ' : Danielle described holding the first of her five all-girl babies . A journey ahead : Adam admitted it was ` overwhelming ' changing the babies ` because they 're so tiny ' Half a dozen girls : Along with their older daughter , Blayke -LRB- pictured -RRB- , they now have six girls . Delivered in only four minutes via c-section , it is the first time the globe has seen all-girl quintuplets since 1969 . As the girls are still building strength , she has only managed to hold two of them so far . But the experience was phenomenal . ` It was an emotional downpour , ' she said . ` But that feeling when you finally get to hold your baby , there 's no better feeling than that . ' Adam admitted the logistics of parenting the five infants , as well as their older daughter Blayke , are still a mystery . ` I 'm still getting used to changing them in an incu , ' he explained . ` It 's pretty overwhelming just because they 're so tiny . ' Alongside them sat their doctors , who revealed the girls are gearing up for their first breastmilk feeding , which will be a major milestone . And as for the mother , she 's feeling fine . ` Surprisingly I feel pretty good ! ' she laughed . ` It 's a bit of a shock ! ' Speaking shortly after the birth last week , Danielle told KHOU . ` We are so thankful and blessed . And I honestly give all the credit to my God . ` I am so thankful for this wonderful hospital and team of people here , they truly all are amazing . ' Dr Alexander Reiter , who delivered the babies at 28 weeks and two days , said the prognosis is good . ` Danielle is a trooper , and her positive attitude definitely shined through the pregnancy and the delivery , ' said Dr Reiter to KHOU . Pride : Danielle and Adam Busby with one of their five new little girls at Houston 's Woman 's Hospital of Texas after Danielle delivered her quintuplets by C-section on April 7 . Welcome to the world : Babies Riley Paige and Parker Kate -LRB- right -RRB- in their NICU incubators at Houston 's Woman 's Hospital of Texas . Little bit : Hazel Grace is the smallest of the five little girl 's born and was squished by her sisters inside her mother 's womb during the 28-week pregnancy . Sisters : Ava Lane -LRB- left -RRB- and Olivia Marie -LRB- right -RRB- sleeping peacefully after being delivered by C-section on April 7 . Mom and dad : Adam and Danielle tend to one of their new daughters . All five girls are doing well and only need minimal amounts of assistance breathing after being born at 7 months last week . Dr Reiter told KHOU that he delivered the baby girls with a team of a dozen other medical personnel including seven board-certified neonatologists . So far the quints are doing well and are getting only ` modest support ' to breathe . ` They were all in the appropriate weight range for their gestational age , which is due to their mother 's excellent efforts to have the healthiest pregnancy possible , ' said Dr Finkowski-Rivera to KHOU . ` They have made a strong start in life , and we are excited to watch them grow and mature . ' Born via IVF , the Busbys believe that their new quintuplets and three-year-old daughter Blayke are their miracles . Expanding family : Adam and Danielle already have a three-year-old daughter , Blayke -LRB- pictured -RRB- who they welcomed into the world via IVF therapy after thinking they might not be able to have children . ` Never would we have imagined the plan that God had for us in our journey to grow our little family . ' Speaking in a video posted to their blog on Sunday , the new parents said they were ` overwhelmed and extremely busy ' after their daughters ' births . ` Riley Paige is the feisty one , always kicking around , always punching around and she is pretty much typically that way , ' said Danielle . ` Parker , who was on my upper side on my right side , is just so relaxed . She is content and calm . ` Hazel , is the little bit . She was squished the whole time , so she loves to just keep her arms by her face , just so cute . She has a full head of blonde hair . ` The twins , Olivia Marie , Ava Lane are getting a little fesity and have a wild streak . ' ` They are all doing pretty well . ' Ready to pop : Danielle gave birth two days after the picture -LRB- left -RRB- and -LRB- right -RRB- is prepping for her pre-arranged C-section with her husband Adam . Meet your new sister : Blayke is introduced to one of her five new sisters by mother Danielle at the hospital over the weekend . Beaming dad , Adam said that the main thing for him and the medical team was to keep a careful eye on his little girls over the coming weeks . ` We are gon na need to monitor them , ' said Adam on the blog , Itsabuzzworld , that he and Danielle have used to document the pregnancy . When big sister Blayke met her new siblings , the Busby 's said their hearts felt like bursting . ` It was so cute , she had her little ` Big Sister ' shirt on , ' said Danielle . ` We prepared her to see all the tubes in the NICU but she was so great . ' ` She did so well and just smiled . She did n't really say much but she just smiled . ' Peek-a-boo : Peering into one of the NICU incubators , Blayke stares at her new sister Riley at the Woman 's Hospital of Texas . Looking forward , the Busby 's admitted the future is going to fun , but tough . ` This week will be an interesting transition , ' said Adam . ` We have a lot of changes coming up in the next few days ... trying to work out what our new norm is going to be . ' To help with the challenges ahead of them , the Busby 's have set up a gofundme page . ` One big item that we are going to have to be looking for in the coming weeks is a van , ' write Adam and Danielle . ` We do n't have a vehicle big enough to bring them home . We are looking at our options , but the Nissan NV passenger van and Ford Transit wagon are on the top of the list so far . '