Esa 's Rosetta spacecraft has captured stunning images of a dust jet erupting from comet 67P Churyumov-Gerasimenko . The jet may have been caused by a wave of heat reaching ice trapped under the surface , causing an explosion of material . But it is unusual , because so far such activity has only been spotted on the day-side of the comet - not the night , like this . Scroll down for video . This animation shows the jet erupting from comet 67P . The first image was taken at 7:13 am BST -LRB- 2:13 am EST -RRB- on 12 March , and the second was taken two minutes later . The jet is unusual because it is erupting from the dark underside of the comet , whereas such activity had only been seen on the day side so far . Credit : Esa . The two images , released yesterday , were taken by the Osiris camera on the Rosetta spacecraft from a distance of 47 miles -LRB- 75 km -RRB- , according to Esa . As the comet gets closer to the sun , its surface gets warmer , causing frozen gases to erupt from the surface , carrying dust particles . But it 's not clear if this caused the jet - or an explosion of material caused by ice sublimating -LRB- turning from solid to gas -RRB- underground . In the first image , taken at 7:13 am BST -LRB- 2:13 am EST -RRB- on 12 March , the upper comet can be seen with several rays of dust illuminated by the sun , while the dark underside shows no such features . Two minutes later though , in the second image , a spectacular new jet emerges from the dark side , hurling dust into space at 26ft -LRB- eight metres -RRB- per second . ` This was a chance discovery , ' said Osiris principal investigator Dr Holger Sierks from the Max Planck Institute for Solar System Research -LRB- MPS -RRB- in Germany . ` No one has ever witnessed the wake-up of a dust jet before . It is impossible to plan such an image . ' How or why the activity occurred in the dark region of the comet , though , is not yet understood . ` It is possible that the first rays of sunlight hit some cliffs or outcrops that remained hidden to Rosetta due to the orbital position at the time , ' said Osiris scientist Dr Jean-Baptiste Vincent , also from the MPS . The Rosetta probe , which carried the Philae lander , launched into space in 2004 , using the gravity of Earth and Mars to slingshot its way towards comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko . It chased comet 67P through space for more than ten years , and entered orbit in August 2014 . After a four billion mile -LRB- 6.5 billion km -RRB- journey , the probe then successfully released the Philae lander from its grip to land on the comet on 12 November 2014 , travelling at 3.3 ft -LRB- one metre -RRB- per second relative to the comet . But when it first made contact with the surface it failed to fire harpoons that would have kept it attached to the comet . This resulted in it bouncing to a height of 0.62 miles -LRB- 1 km -RRB- above the comet before again landing on the surface . It then bounced again , but to a much lower altitude . Philae managed to perform more than 90 per cent of its goals before running out of power . Rosetta , meanwhile , is continuing to orbit and study the comet . From data collected by the two proves , Esa said that water on the comet was different to that on Earth - suggesting water on our world came from an asteroid , not a comet . In the first image -LRB- left -RRB- , the upper comet can be seen with several rays of dust illuminated by the sun , while the dark underside shows no such features . Two minutes later , in the second image -LRB- right -RRB- , a spectacular new jet emerges from the dark side , hurling dust into space at 26ft -LRB- eight metres -RRB- per second . The Rosetta probe , illustrated , which carried the Philae lander , launched into space in 2004 , using the gravity of Earth and Mars to slingshot its way towards comet 67P . It chased comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko through space for more than ten years , and entered orbit in August 2014 . The region of the comet where this jet erupted from is known as Imhotep . By 7:17 am BST -LRB- 2:17 am EST -RRB- , the region had rotated into sunlight , and the jet was no longer visible against the overexposed coma . This means scientists are n't sure if the eruption was short-lived , or was a continuous jet . ` Usually , 67P 's dust-jets are rather long-lived , ' said Dr Vincent . ` Most of them last for a full dayside rotation of approximately six hours and even reappear in the next rotation . ' Rosetta is continuing to study comet 67P ahead of its closest approach to the sun in August . And engineers on Earth are also hopeful that the Philae lander on the surface will soon get enough solar power to wake up from its slumber . This recent image was taken on 15 April from a distance of 103 miles -LRB- 165 km -RRB- . It has been processed to spotlight the comet 's activity , including a striking jet on the left , near the neck region . This image was also taken on 15 April , from a distance of 106 miles -LRB- 170 km -RRB- from the comet 's centre . It shows the small lobe of the comet on the left , and its large lobe on the right . Rosetta is continuing to study comet 67P ahead of its closest approach to the sun in August . And engineers on Earth are also hopeful that the Philae lander -LRB- illustrated -RRB- on the surface will soon get enough solar power to wake up from its slumber .