Kate Major Lohan has been arrested for a ` drunken attack ' on her husband Michael Lohan , TMZ report . Kate - who was ordered to rehab by Michael last year - is said to have had an alcohol relapse before getting physical with the father of Lindsay Lohan . TMZ report that Michael made a 911 call around 7:02 pm on Thursday claiming his wife had struck him after coming home inebriated . Scroll down for video ... Busted : Kate Major arrested AGAIN after she ` drunkenly attacked ' Michael Lohan after a heated argument on Thursday at their home in . Their argument then turned physical , with Kate began scratching Michael 's back . The site also reports that when police arrived Kate was visibly intoxicated , had slurred speech and blood shot eyes . Kate reportedly admitted she had been drinking , claimed Michael grabbed her by the throat and that the argument was caused by him accusing her of cheating . Fiery : Michael -LRB- pictured here with Kate in 2010 -RRB- was not wearing a shirt during the argument , and his wife reportedly began scratching his back . She was then taken to the Palm Beach Country Jail and charged for battery . A recording of his 911 call , obtained by TMZ , captures Michael pleading for police to come and arrest his wife . ` Please ma'am I need help . My wife , she is drunk and on pills and she just attacked me , ' Michael says as the sound of a baby crying in background can be heard . When asked if he was okay , he replied : ` I 'm more cut up . She just got out of jail . DWI the works . We are locked outside . I think the baby got hurt ... she was hitting me and the baby . I got it all on tape . ' The 911 dispatcher then enquires into what kind of drugs Kate has been using : ` Yeah she has been smoking marijuana , and taking pills and she went to get food and came back drunk . She is actually on a detox from alcohol -LSB- right now -RSB- . ' Adding : ` She 's on Valium and -LSB- ... -RSB- . Yes , prescribed by a doctor , but the marijuana is not . ' The dispatcher then asks if Kate is in need of medical assistance . Family drama : Speaking to TMZ , Michael -LRB- pictured with daughter Lindsay and ex wife Dina Lohan in 2003 -RRB- blamed his ongoing custody battle with Dina for his fiery relationship with his new wife . ` No , no , I was running away , ' Michael replies . ` I have video -LSB- of it all -RSB- . ' The recording ends with Michael saying , ` She is telling our son to say I hit her . Can you believe it ? She is crazy . Listen to that drunk . ' Speaking to TMZ , Michael blamed his ongoing custody battle with ex-wife Dina Lohan for his fiery relationship with his new wife . He tells them : ` At the end of the day , this is all because of what Dina is doing in court ... It affects Kate too , and like anyone with a drug or alcohol problem , when they ca n't handle the stress , they resort to drinking . ' Last year , Dina filed court documents claiming that Michael refuses to pay for his son Cody 's $ 10,000-a-year school fees . It 's not the first time Michael 's troubled wife Kate has run into problems with the law . Kate was arrested in March 2013 after Michael called the police following another drunken feud . She was pulled over by police where she tested three times over the drink drive limit .