Sales of a Burberry poncho -LRB- modelled by Cara Delevigne -RRB- carrying a personal monogram and costing more than £ 1,000 have helped boost profits . The poncho originated as a rather humble garment worn by South American tribes and later featured on the back of Clint Eastwood in the Spaghetti westerns . However , sales of a designer-label version carrying a personal monogram and costing more than £ 1,000 have been central to a sales boom at the very British prestige brand Burberry . The ponchos - together with heritage trench coats and scarves - have boosted Burberry sales by 10 per cent over the winter . The wool-and-cashmere designs , which were first modelled on the catwalk by Cara Delevingne , were a huge success among celebrities before Christmas . Famous names including Victoria Beckham , Rosie Huntington-Whiteley , Sienna Miller and Sarah Jessica Parker were all seen sporting the ponchos , each monogrammed with their initials . And while the original inspiration for the designs may have been a rather modest attempt to keep out harsh weather , there was nothing modest about the Burberry version . The basic asking price was £ 895 , while 70 per cent of sales went to customers who wanted their initials monogrammed on to the weave at the cost of an extra £ 200 . The firm said its scarves and trench coats were a hit with customers and ` investment and innovation in ponchos drove exceptional growth ' . Chief financial officer , Carol Fairweather , described the impact of the ponchos as ` phenomenal ' and suggested new variants are in the pipeline adding : ` There 's lots more to come from the poncho story . ' The British brand has become a global success with sales up 10 per cent for the six months to the end of March compared to the year before , taking from up to £ 1.42 billion . Sales were particularly strong in the UK and Europe , not least because hordes of tourists from China flocked here to buy designer clothes and bags . Currency fluctuations meant its trademark coats and scarves were up to 50 per cent cheaper in European cities than Hong Kong , where the Chinese traditionally shop for luxury merchandise . Actresses Sarah Jessica Parker -LRB- pictured left -RRB- and Sienna Miller -LRB- right -RRB- both own the Burberry poncho . Model Suki Waterhouse -LRB- pictured left -RRB- and socialite Olivia Palermo -LRB- right -RRB- both have monogrammed versions . Such was the price gap that Chinese entrepreneurs have been snapping up huge quantities of luxury label merchandise in Europe and then shipping it back to China to sell at a profit on the grey market . Today bosses at Burberry suggested they plan to follow other luxury brands , such as Chanel and Cartier , and harmonise prices around the globe to stop this happening . This could mean some price increases in Europe and falls in the Far East . Burberry 's success has leaned heavily on a marketing campaign featuring celebrity British models . Cara Delvigne starred in commercials for its trench coats and also appeared alongside Kate Moss promoting the new My Burberry fragrance . Around 70 per cent of the My Burberry bottles were monogrammed , a service the brand offers for free , suggesting personalisation of luxury products is a huge draw for consumers . Twelve-year-old Romeo Beckham featured in a popular pre-Christmas campaign and Suki Waterhouse , the English model and actress , was the face of the brand 's beauty range . Burberry saw ` double digit ' sales growth in the United States and Europe and trading was particularly buoyant in Britain , France and Italy , from both locals and tourists . Models led by Cara Delevigne wear the poncho on the Burberry catwalk -LRB- left -RRB- while British model Rosie Rosie Huntington-Whiteley wore hers on a recent shopping trip , specially monogrammed with her initials . Richard Hunter , of Hargreaves Lansdown Stockbrokers , said : ` Burberry remains in fashion following a trading update which underscores its ability to capitalise on its chosen markets . ` The overall picture is extremely healthy -- the strength of the digital contribution , particular product growth in the likes of the iconic trench coats and scarves and pleasing performances from the Americas and most of Europe . ` In addition , the company is well positioned for future , selective growth in terms of both stores and lines , such as beauty . ` It seems that everything about Burberry is premium -- its brand , its products and perhaps of late its share price -- a 25 per cent increase over the last year compares to a 7.5 per cent rise for the wider FTSE100 . ' Chief executive Christopher Bailey , who took over from Angela Ahrendts in May last year , said new products had helped to boost sales . ` We are pleased to report a robust second half performance , despite an uncertain external environment , ' he said . ` We anticipate external challenges will continue in the current year , but remain confident in our long-term strategy to build the Burberry brand and business globally . ' Chief executive Christopher Bailey -LRB- pictured -RRB- said new products have helped to boost Burberry 's sales .