Grieving family and friends have taken to social media to pay tribute to a man after he was fatally stabbed with a knife during a violent brawl in the early hours of Easter Monday . Greg Gibbins and his friends were at The Beachcomber Hotel in Toukley on the Central Coast , NSW on Sunday night before they headed to a nearby , late-night pizza shop . Shortly after midnight , emergency services found Mr Gibbins and his 25-year-old friend with serious stab wounds at about 12.10 am from an alleged random attack . The 28-year-old Wyong Roos rugby league club player was treated at the scene by paramedics before he went into cardiac arrest but later died at Gosford Hospital . Scroll down for video . Greg Gibbins , 28 , went into cardiac arrest after he was seriously stabbed but later died in hospital on Monday . The friend , who tried to help fatally injured Mr Gibbins but became ` victim number two ' , remains in a serious condition in hospital and is expected to undergo surgery . Pictures from Mr Gibbins Facebook account paints a ` top bloke ' who got along with everyone and loved travelling , partying and going to festivals and sporting events . Mr Gibbins , who works as a car spray painter , has prompted an outpouring grief from family , friends , colleagues and rugby team mates on his Facebook account . One friend posted on Facebook : ` RIP gibbo such a lovely friend , it 's clear the amazing impact you made on everybody 's life , rest easy xx ' A rugby team mate wrote : ` Rest easy mate , was great to have played with and against you . A true gentleman that has obviously touched many . ' Another said : ` RIP My heart goes out to all your family and everyone that knew you . You were an amazing person . ' A school friend said : ` RIP Gibbo ... will always remember the `` lolly salad '' you made for me in primary school in your backyard , as our `` date '' ... only the good die young buddy xx . ' While another friend wrote : ` You have left us way to early mate . . Thoughts go out to the Gibbins family . RIP Gibbo ' The 28-year-old was treated at the scene by paramedics before he went into cardiac arrest but later died . Mr Gibbons was a late bloomer who had recently secured a place training in his club 's NSW cup squad . Family and friends have paid their respect to a ` top bloke ' who loved travelling , sports and parties . Chief Inspector Rodney Peet said police have n't been able to pinpoint the catalyst for the confrontation . ` The victim was there , he was either chatting or waiting for some food , after the establishment across the road closed , ' he told AAP . ` Then almost spontaneously this other gentleman has come up and stabbed him in the chest . ' The offender fled the scene and police have n't found a weapon . Insp Peet said a 20-year-old man was arrested nearby after the stabbing and taken to Wyong Police Station but was later released . Detectives are looking at CCTV footage at the hotel to establish if any incident inside the club may have prompted the fatal attack . The 28-year-old was treated at the scene by paramedics before he went into cardiac arrest but later died . Emergency services found Mr Gibbins and his friend with serious stab wounds from an alleged random attack . Mr Gibbins and his friends were at The Beachcomber Hotel in Toukley on the Central Coast on Sunday night . When it came to his sport , Mr Gibbins was a late bloomer who had recently secured a place training in his club 's NSW cup squad . ` He was a very popular player among his peers , ' football manager Matt Lavin told AAP . ` I ca n't say a bad word about him . It is an absolute tragedy and our heart goes out to Greg and his family . ' Mr Lavin said the hooker started with the club in 2014 after playing for the nearby Northern Lakes Warriors . ` He is fairly quiet and unassuming , he is not boisterous or a loud mouth , ' he said . ` It is not in his character to be involved in confrontation but that is just the tragic circumstances surrounding it unfortunately . ' Investigations into the matter are continuing and police are now appealing for any witnesses who 've not yet spoken with police to contact Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000 .