Dogs can sniff out prostate cancer with 98 per cent reliability , a new study has shown . The research , carried out in Milan , backs up tests carried out by the charity Medical Detection Dogs . Its co-founder Dr Claire Guest said the charity 's research found a 93 per cent reliability rate when detecting both prostate and bladder cancer . She hailed the new study , describing the findings as ` spectacular ' . Dogs have been found to detect prostate cancer with 98 per cent accuracy when sniffing men 's urine samples . The latest research , by the Department of Urology at the Humanitas Clinical and Research Centre in Milan , involved two dogs sniffing the urine of 900 men - 360 with prostate cancer and 540 without . Scientists found that dog one got it right in 98.7 per cent of cases , while for dog two this was 97.6 per cent . They said the dogs are able to detect prostate cancer specific volatile organic compounds in the urine but said an important question remains of how a dog would find it in daily practice . Prostate cancer is the most common cancer in men in the UK , with more than 40,000 new cases diagnosed every year . Dr Guest said : ` These results are spectacular . They offer us further proof that dogs have the ability to detect human cancer . ` It is particularly exciting that we have such a high success rate in the detection of prostate cancer , for which the existing tests are woefully inadequate . ' She said there is currently a ` reluctance to embrace this tested , time-old technology ' but dogs can pick up a scent in a dilution of one to a thousand parts . There is no single test for prostate cancer , but the most commonly used are blood tests , a physical examination or a biopsy . The latest research , by the Department of Urology at the Humanitas Clinical and Research Centre in Milan , involved two dogs sniffing the urine of 900 men - 360 with prostate cancer and 540 without . Prostate cancer , pictured , is the most common cancer in men in the UK , with more than 40,000 new cases diagnosed every year . ` Over the years , millions of pounds of NHS funding has been poured into the traditional test methods , and yet there has been little improvement in their reliability , ' Dr Guest added . ` This has caused a huge waste of resources , not to mention the distress to the impacted individuals . ` Moreover , the detection dogs provide alternative solution that yields consistently accurate results . If our detection dogs were a machine , there would be huge demand for them . ' Medical Detection Dogs , which is based in Milton Keynes , trains specialist canines to detect the odour of human disease . They also train Medical Alert Assistance dogs to help people with life-threatening health conditions go about their daily lives . The research is published in the Journal Of Urology .