A woman who launched a social media campaign in a bid to return a sentimental ring which she found snorkeling in Bali has found the owner who is amazingly from the same part of Australia . Roxy Walsh , 34 , met with the ecstatic owners , Joe and Jenny Langley , in Noosa , on Queensland 's Sunshine Coast , on Sunday to personally return the ring to the couple after less than week of searching . ` In my mind I thought I 'd be going to New York or Italy or somewhere ... Instead I ended up just driving myself three hours to Noosa , ' Ms Walsh told Daily Mail Australia . Scroll down for video . Roxy was able to reunite the ring with the rightful owners Jenny -LRB- right -RRB- and Joe -LRB- centre -RRB- after their granddaughter , Jade -LRB- left -RRB- found the social media campaign on Facebook . The snorkeler who discovered a sentimental ring at a Bali resort has found the owner of the gold jewellery . Ms Walsh , from Palm Beach has also gotten the ring clean ahead of her meet with the couple on Sunday . Ms Walsh found the ring at the Finns Beach Club in South Kuta , Bali on Tuesday and decided to take to social media to hunt for the owner . ` In one night 600 or 700 people had shared it just from the media website , Kids in Adelaide , ' she said . ` So I thought , this can go further , and it did . ' After creating a ` Find Joe and Jenny ' Facebook page , within a week , The Langley 's granddaughter Jade , messaged the page saying she believes the ring belongs to her grandpa and that they lived under 300 kilometres away from Ms Walsh . ` The amazing thing is , out of the thousands of messages I got through the Facebook page , Jade 's was the only one claiming the ring , ' she said . Over 6000 users joined the page and followed the journey of reuniting the ring back to its ' mystery owner . Ms Walsh met with the pair in Noosa on Sunday and returned sentimental ring . Queensland resident Roxy Walsh recovered the gold jewellery at the Finns Beach Club in Bali on Tuesday . ` I never thought that I 'd find the owners or I thought that I 'd really have to try so when I got her message I did n't have the feeling that I 'd found them . ' Ms Walsh was skeptical until the next day when she spoke to Mr Langley himself and instantly knew this man was the owner of the sentimental ring . After speaking on the phone , Joe sent photos from their Bali trip nine months ago where they had lost it in the exact same place that Ms Walsh had found it . The gold piece of jewellery was an anniversary gift from his wife , and was inscribed with ` Darling Joe , Happy 70th Birthday 2009 , Love Jenny ' . Mr Langley had been swimming at the same resort in Bali when he got caught in a strong current and only escaped after clambering up some rocks . It was n't until he later looked at a photo of himself , that he noticed the ring was missing . Roxy Walsh shared a photo of a gold ring she found on Facebook in the hope of finding its owner . Roxy Walsh -LRB- pictured in Bali -RRB- found the ring while snorkelling at Finns Beach Club in Bali on April . Ms Walsh found the ring at the Finns Beach Club in Bali on Tuesday and decided to take to social media . ` It had n't come off his finger until that day , ' Ms Walsh said . The 34-year-old credits the international Facebook shares for the finding of jewellery 's owner . ` I can not believe this , but WE have found Joe and Jenny !! ' Ms Walsh wrote on Facebook on Friday . ` I have spoken to Joe and he is over the moon that this special ring has been found and I am personally handing it back this weekend . ` What a crazy couple of days with an even crazier ending . One of the best things ever !!!!! ' Joe had been swimming at the same resort in Bali when he got caught in a strong current and lost the ring . It was n't until Joe later looked at a photo of himself , that he noticed the sentimental ring was missing . Over 6000 users joined the page and followed the journey of reuniting the ring back to its ' mystery owner . The post has been shared more than 250,000 times , taking the search for the special ring global . ` Sometimes hear of these things finding their way home so worth a shot , ' Ms Walsh wrote . The social media page amazingly made it to Russia , England , Malta , Brazil and Chile among others . But the incredible fact that Joe and Jenny reside a three hour drive from Ms Walsh means they will keep in touch . ` We will see each other again , ' Ms Walsh said . ` They are definitely on the Christmas card list . '