In The Hunger Games , Katniss Everdeen is pulled out of obscurity , swiftly develops expert bow-and-arrow skills and leads a government rebellion - all without having to deal with braces or a single spot . However , the rise of the young adult heroine has prompted a backlash on Twitter , as more people compare the fictional portrayals with the mediocrity of their own lives . Teenagers have taken to the social media site to hilariously voice their frustrations between the fantastical lives in the pages of books and in films , and reality using the hashtag #realisticYA . The Hunger Games book -LRB- left -RRB- , the main character , Katniss Everdeen -LRB- played by Jennifer Lawrence in the film - pictured right -RRB- deals with exciting scenarios but never from any teenage ailments such as acne or braces . Twitter user , Adrienne Long , makes a reference to the fact that many YA heroines have their lives turned upside-down , but they are always prepared . Real life would perhaps be very different . Many of the tweets look at similar dystopian situations to those in the novels , but the Twitter users describe their own realistic reactions , or what would really be probable . Comparing real life to Katniss Everdeen 's role in The Hunger Games , Adrienne Long tweets : ` Girl finds out she has impossible destiny to fulfill . Fails miserably having never spent a day preparing for it #realisticYA . ' Some funny tweets simply address that at a time when many teenagers are going through the awkward stages of puberty , the YA protagonists are completely free from any awkward ailments . Joanna Macgregor tweeted : ` I met this new guy at school . He 's really freaking cute but he has , like , zits , and I have , y ' know , a muffin-top . ' young adults tell it like is is on Twitter under the hashtag #realistic YA . One teen addresses that unlike her perfect YA contemporaries , she suffers from adolescent ailments . Another girl 's tweet refers to Twilight , where the main character has to choose from multiple love-interests . Some look at dangerous scenarios and what would be likely to happen . Rather than escaping every situation unscathed , the Twitter users take a wry and straight-forward approach to the situation . Referring to the Twilight novel , one writer refers to Bella 's choice between her multiple love-interests Jacob and Edward . Danielle Welling writes : ` Girl has no problem choosing between two equally hot boys in love with her . Because no hot boys love her . #realisticYA . ' Other tweets look at young teens in a realistic manner , calling them ' 100 % human ' rather than ` mysterious and broody ' , and others look at realistic situations that arise with teen romances . Another tweet describes being too busy to be the ` chosen one ' - referring to the character Beatrice Prior in Divergent . Preeti Chhibber writes : ` Girl is Chosen One but actually has 250 hrs of community service , college apps , SATs and resume building so she ca n't but thx #realisticYA . ' Not the chosen one ? In the book Divergent -LRB- left -RRB- , Beatrice Prior , who is played by Shailene Woodley in the film -LRB- pictured right with actor Theo James -RRB- is the ` chosen ' one and leads a rebellion against the corrupt goverment . One user points out that many would not have the time to simply drop their lives to become the ` Chosen One ' The hashtag on Twitter sees users comparing the reality of their own lives to young adult heroines . This #realisticYA looks at the fact that real teenage scenarios can mean that sometimes love is unrequited . If Harry Potter had never gone to Hogwarts , JK Rowling may have had five or six less books to write . Some of the tweets are hilarious because if the character in question did what the tweet suggests , much of the action in the novels would have never happened . Linda Newbery tweets : ` Boy thinks about running away , but changes mind when he realises that life at home is just too comfortable . ' Many can imagine what the Harry Potter books would have been like if Harry never went to wizard school , Hogwarts . How young adults would really react to situations in novels revealed on Twitter . Another Twitter user users the hashtag to voice her concern that romantic leads have to be ` broody ' or a ` jerk ' Another girl writes about the realistic possibility that teenagers might be too frightened to confront their romantic interests . Hundreds of Twitter users have taken part in the hashtag . Others have written funny commentaries about how swiftly the heroine 's life changes - and how a normal teenager , put in the same scenario , would be highly unprepared and may miss the opportunity . Another tweet explores the fact that on several occasions in YA novels , the protagonist may meet a mysterious , handsome stranger who aids her , but unlike normal teens is never overwhelmed or nervous . Lustybustyliz writes : ` Girl meets boy at the library . He 's smart , cute & interested . She has a panic attack and hides in the bathroom . '