Patriotic countrymen and women turned out in their finest red and white today to enjoy St George 's Day celebrations in the sunshine . Veteran parades and Morris men were seen across the country , with spectators draped in flags cheering them on . Described by the Prime Minister as ` a day to be celebrate all that makes England great ' , St George 's Day takes place on April 23 every year . With temperatures of around 20C in parts of the country , planned outdoor events were able to go forward . Among them was the annual Nottingham St George 's Day Parade which attracted around 200 people . Joined by trucks and horses , the crowd marched through the city centre from Forest Recreation Ground earlier today . Morris dancers kick off the festivities in Leadenhall Market in the City of London this afternoon as the nation celebrates St George 's Day . A baby is dressed in appropriate white with red accessories to match the St George 's Cross during the annual parade in Nottingham . Revellers carry flags on poles and drape their horses in white and red fabric to march through the centre of Nottingham in traditional dress . In Emsworth in Hampshire , members of the 12th Regiment Royal Artillery lead a local St George 's Day Parade with residents watching on . Crowds basked in temperatures of up to 20C in some parts of the country today after a spell of unusually warm weather for this time of year . In Emsworth in Hampshire a group of veterans led the festivities . The men , who belonged to 12 Regiment Royal Artillery , led a procession through the town centre . Their parade was also to mark the 70th anniversary of the end of the Second World War . In the City of London , Morris men brightened up Leadenhall Market , dancing through the shopping arcade to the amusement of workers on their lunch break . Temperatures were slightly warmer across England today than on St George 's Day last year , with parts of north Yorkshire the warmest at 20.9 C . It comes after a week of abnormally warm weather that is set to end tomorrow , said forecasters . ` There is certainly a change on the way , as of tomorrow we 'll see wetter fronts , ' said Helen Roberts , a Met Office forecaster . ` The first will be affecting south west England and Wales with some rain pushing in through the afternoon on Friday . ` A cold front will creep across Scotland and will be pretty slow moving . That will reach southern England on Sunday bringing some heavy rain at times . ' Two women don face masks to take part in the festivities in Nottingham this morning . The event was organised by the Royal St George Society which is 200 years old . Crowds wave flags and march in the sunshine in Nottingham where more than 200 people attended the annual ` Royal Parade ' A man sports a chain mail costume in Leadenhall Market in the City of London -LRB- left -RRB- while another reveller in Nottingham -LRB- right -RRB- opts for a more contemporary get-up . Morris dancers in Leadenhall Market in the City of London put on a colourful display this afternoon to celebrate St George 's Day . St Mary 's Ewell Morris men perform to violins as shoppers and city workers take in the festivities at Leadenhall Market this afternoon . St Mary 's Ewell Morris men pose for a photograph after performing at Leadenhall Market in the City of London this afternoon . Two women wear traditional costumed in Nottingham to take part in the annual parade . Earlier David Cameron said the day was a time to ` celebrate all that was great with England ' A couple take on the part of St George and the Dragon to enjoy the festivities in Leadenhall Market , watching the Morris men perform . Temperatures will drop from the balmy mid-teens to around 11 or 12C , she added . ` It was much more unsettled this time last year though we saw 18.9 C on St George 's Day in Gravesend in Kent . ` We have had above average temperatures for some time though this year so the drop will be a bit of a shock to the system . ' Some rain storms on Sunday may even bring hail to some parts . Earlier politicians chimed in on why they thought St George 's Day was important . ` Above Downing Street and all over England , St George 's flags are flying high , ' said David Cameron . In Emsworth , Hampshire , members of the 12th Regiment Royal Artillery take part in the annual parade , with red roses pinned to their jackets . Veterans of the 12th Regiment Royal Artillery dusted off their medals to take part in the annual event with their younger comrades today . The event was organised by the Lancashire and Cumbrian Gunniers and was also designed to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the Second World War . Schoolchildren followed the veterans through the Hampshire town to take part in the celebrations with former Gunniers showing off their medals . Among the England flags being waved were Union Jacks in Nottingham too . Politicians spoke of the St George 's significance earlier in the day . A brass band also took part in the parade in Emsworth , Hampshire , to celebrate St George 's Day . It was one of several across the country . In Nottingham , left , a pair of parade-goers sported full costume with shields and metal helmets while in Emsworth in Hampshire -LRB- right -RRB- spectators took a more relaxed approach to the festivities . The parade in Nottingham was organised by the Royal Society of St George , a 200-year-old organisation with branches all over the world . ` Because today is a day to celebrate all that makes England great , a day to feel pride for all that our country has given the world - from Magna Carta to the language of Shakespeare , from the industrial revolution to the world wide web . ` A country whose artists and athletes inspire millions and whose influence extends right across the world . ` So today let us all be proud of our country 's great past and confident about our future . ' Ukip sparked controversy by claiming George , who is thought to have been of Turkish descent , was accepted into Britain because he could slay dragons . Asked whether a 3rd Century Ukip politician would have welcomed the saint , the party 's economic spokesman Patrick O'Flynn joked : ` Well , I guess dragon-slaying is a skill but whether it is one that 's in short supply for the needs of the British economy , we will leave to our migration commission . ` Whenever the issue of St George 's Day comes up - and I can predict this on Twitter today - there will be many left-centre people who will tweet the fact that St George was from what 's today known as Turkey as if that is the start , finish of conversation and that makes St George 's Day irrelevant or illegitimate or ridiculous . ` I completely disagree ... I 'm not particularly hung up on where St George came from . I 'm more interested in what St George 's Day can represent . ' In Alnwick Garden , in Northumberland , gardener Simon Greenwood prunes a cherry blossom in the orchard . The area enjoyed some of the highest temperatures of the day . Sammy Nicholson , one , admires daffodils in Alnwick Garden in Northumberland on one of the last of the sunny days for a while . In Derbyshire this morning clear conditions were seen , with a rogue grouse wandering across the grass-lined road in Foolow . A couple watch passing boats at Lulworth Cove in Dorset on another warm day . The weather is set to change over the weekend however with rain and cloud pushing its way over most of the country . Hill walkers and geology students take in the view at Lulworth Cove in Dorset on one of the last of the sunny , summer days for a while . Three kayakers are dwarfed by the huge Man O War Rocks at St Oswald 's Bay in Dorset . The UK has been enjoying unusually warm weather . Five-year-old Edward Smith lies in a field of fresh strawberries after spending the day at Goodalls Strawberry Farm in Lymington , Hampshire . Farmer Brian Goodall holds up his bumper crop of strawberries . The warmer weather meant the fruits ripened earlier this year than usual . Light fog was seen over Beeley Moor in Derbyshire this morning on another balmy morning . As of tomorrow temperatures will drop . Forecasters warned the weekend weather may be ` a shock to the system ' after a spell of warmer than usual weather . Above , a country scene in Foolow , Derbyshire . A calf poses for a portrait in Foolow , Derbyshire , this morning . Colder temperatures and showers are expected to set in over the weekend .