This is where Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will wage violent combat on Saturday night . The MGM Grand Garden Arena will also be the place where they add untold fortunes to their already significant wealth . As for me , I 'm just thrilled that I will be sitting at ringside . On the safe side of the ropes rather than inside with either of the two greatest fighters on the planet . Sportsmail 's Boxing correspondent Jeff Powell sits on the corner of the ring at the MGM Grand . This is the ring in which Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will face each other in on May 2 . The fight is expected to earn at least $ 300million -LRB- £ 195m -RRB- with Mayweather receiving $ 180m -LRB- £ 117 -RRB- and Pacquiao $ 120m -LRB- £ 79m -RRB- . The fight will attract a record amount of revenue from sponsorship , which is expected to add another $ 13.2 million -LRB- £ 8.72 m -RRB- to the mega-fight . Tecate have paid $ 5.6 million to become the official beer and lead ring mat sponsor of the bout . Top Rank president Todd duBoef told ESPN.com that the five title sponsors for the event will chip in a total of $ 13.2 m , roughly three times the previous highest amount . Although exact records for sponsorship have not been kept , some Mayweather bouts from years gone by have attracted around $ 4m . According to the report by ESPN , Tecate have paid $ 5.6 m -LRB- £ 3.7 m -RRB- to become the official beer of the fight and the main ring mat sponsor , beating the $ 5.2 m -LRB- £ 3.44 -RRB- bid from Corona . Sportsmail 's Powell will be ringside for the richest fight in boxing history on Saturday night . Mayweather will put his undefeated record on the line when he faces Pacquiao in this ring . The steps that both fighters will walk up on their way into the ring on May 2 . The MGM Grand is ready to host the richest fight in boxing history as Las Vegas prepares for the fight . Mayweather arrives at MGM Grand in Las Vegas ahead of his $ 300m fight with Pacquiao . Pacquiao is welcomed to Las Vegas by hundreds of fans at the Mandalay Bay hotel across the strip from the MGM Grand .