The Kevin Pietersen camp have scored a comprehensive win in the PR battle with the England and Wales Cricket Board without calling on any outside assistance . It has been assumed that the way KP outplayed the ECB 's army of media personnel at every turn was because his agents , Mission Sports Management , had expert help guiding their strategy . But agent Adam Wheatley , co-founder of the company with Sir Ian Botham , insists that everything has been done in-house since the brief involvement of former Sun editor David Yelland during KP 's supposed reintegration into the England team in 2012 . Kevin Pietersen scored 170 for Surrey in The Parks as he bids to earn a recall to the England squad . Wheatley said : ` We have just sat down together as a team with Kevin and planned the best way forward . It does help on social media that KP has a Twitter following of nearly 2.5 million . ` And the ECB have totally misread the situation . You ca n't just keep briefing against someone . There are always two sides to a story and I think people now realise this . ' Wheatley , once on the same Grimsby Town board as new ECB chairman Colin Graves , added : ` Colin 's words about KP 's future England chances have been interpreted in different ways but we believe there 's a clean slate . ' Pietersen 's agents have helped him outplay the ECB without any help from outside experts . Among the many issues that the ECB must sort out when writing a job description for their new director of cricket is what exactly Andy Flower is doing to earn £ 300,000-a-year as technical director of elite coaching -- the same amount he pocketed when in supreme control of the England team . Also , his current title does not differ a great deal from the ` director of cricket ' the ECB want to appoint and could easily lead to confusion over who is responsible for what . Ridiculously , Flower was kept on by the ECB on huge money -- basically as a thank you for services rendered -- when there should have been a clean break after the Ashes humiliation Down Under . Andy Flower continues to earn £ 300,000-a-year as the ECB 's technical director despite his Ashes humiliation . Test Match Special 's Jonathan Agnew yesterday showed he no longer takes himself too seriously . He happily re-tweeted jibes that only four out of 100 members of the public recognised him in a poll for afternoon game show Pointless . Aggers was rather more annoyed a decade ago when Michael Vaughan admitted he did n't realise Agnew had played Test cricket . The loud music played between overs in Antigua has reinforced MCC chairman Oliver Stocken 's belief that banning musical instruments from Lord 's is the right approach . Insider 's United secret . Tehsin Nayani , who acted as a PR spokesman for the Glazer family , has chosen the upcoming 10th anniversary of their Manchester United takeover to write a book about his six seasons as the Glazer Gatekeeper . Nayani , who remained a strange detached figure throughout his time involved with United eventually moving to Norfolk , has kept the book -- more PR media study than revelationary and published on Thursday by business in sport specialists TH Media -- a secret from Old Trafford . Nayani said : ` I deliberately kept a lid on it because I did n't want it authorised in any way by United . It 's a personal account and I have no idea what reception it will get . ' Not great , one suspects . Former spokesman for the Glazer family , Tehsin Nayani -LRB- left -RRB- , has written the ` The Glazer Gatekeeper ' It 's understood 40-year-old Shivnarine Chanderpaul , who held up England with a dogged 46 , wants to continue in Test cricket so he can play in the same West Indies side as his promising 18-year-old son Tagenarine . Father and son have already represented Guyana together . Shivnarine Chanderpaul wants to continue playing Test cricket so that he can play with his son Tagenarine . England analyst Rupert Lewis had to stay behind after play in Antigua to use the wifi in the stadium Press box because the connection was unreliable in the luxury team hotel at the Sugar Reef resort . Lewis , who did a similar job for New Zealand cricket , says his previous employers were more keen on data despite England head coach Peter Moores 's perceived love of stats . Hampshire chairman Rod Bransgrove , the ECB representative in Antigua , prefers to stay on a boat he has chartered rather than at the team hotel . Guests on board include close friend Sir Ian Botham . Both Botham and Bransgrove hope to build houses on plots at a new golf resort complex in St Kitts -- where Botham is an ambassador -- designed by the same architect who planned the Ryder Cup venue Kiawah Island in South Carolina . ECB representative Rod Bransgrove -LRB- left -RRB- is staying on a chartered boat in Antigua rather than the team hotel .