Manchester United and Chelsea will be taking part in the International Champions Cup in the US this summer . The Premier League rivals announced on Wednesday afternoon that they would take part in the tournament along with Barcelona , Porto , Paris Saint-Germain , Fiorentina , and MLS sides New York Red Bulls , San Jose Earthquakes and LA Galaxy . The pre-season tournament , which is now in its third year , is set to be played between July 11 and August 5 with Chelsea revealing the full details will be revealed at a press conference in New York on April 28 . Manchester United will take part in the International Champions Cup friendly tournament this summer . The likes of Diego Costa , John Terry and Gary Cahill will be representing Chelsea in North America . Chelsea . Manchester United . Barcelona . Club America . Fiorentina . LA Galaxy . New York Red Bulls . Paris Saint-Germain . Porto . San Jose Earthquakes . Last summer , United 's match in Michigan set an all-time high for the largest ever crowd at a soccer game in the United States with 109,318 fans gathering to watch them play Real Madrid at the Big House . United Group Managing Director , Richard Arnold , said : ` The club is delighted to be returning to the United States for Tour 2015 , presented by Aon . Manchester United made history in its last visit to the United States by breaking the country 's soccer attendance record and the huge level of support for the Club was evident in every city we visited . ` This summer 's tour is the latest in a long line of visits to the US ; a tradition that began some 65 years ago under the guidance of the great Sir Matt Busby . Zlatan Ibrahimovic and his Paris Saint-Germain side will be taking part in the pre-season tournament . Jose Mourinho will be hoping his Chelsea side go into the tournament are 2014-15 Premier League champions . ` This tour will not only provide the team with first-rate preparation for the season ahead , it will also allow many of United 's eight million US followers to get closer to the Club they love . ' Louis Van Gaal has been closely involved with the planning . He has previously gone on record stating that the team would not have to travel long distances and they are expected to be based on the west coast . Should all their matches be played in July , United will wear their existing Nike strip , with their world-record £ 750m deal with adidas not kicking in until August 1 . Darren Fletcher and Wayne Rooney lift last year 's trophy following their 3-1 victory over Liverpool . Chelsea last took part in the tournament during their pre-season campaign in 2013 . United boss Louis van Gaal will lead his side out for their second successive year in the tournament . Jose Mourinho 's Chelsea side enjoyed a relatively quiet 2014 pre-season as the Portuguese boss decided it was best for his team to remain in Europe ahead of the 2014-15 campaign , but the summer trip will be the club 's eighth visit to North America in just 12 years . Chelsea Chairman Bruce Buck to the club 's official website : ` I am delighted the club will take part in the International Champions Cup this summer , against top-quality opposition . ` We look forward to returning to North America for the eighth time in 12 years , and visiting some iconic venues in which I am sure there will be strong Chelsea support . ` We know the facilities we use will be second to none and Jose and the squad will be able to prepare for what already promises to be an exciting 2015/16 campaign . I am also pleased to confirm we will be continuing the important work of the Chelsea Foundation during our visit . ' United 's match against Real Madrid saw the largest ever crowd at a soccer game in the US with 109,318 fans gathering to watch . Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard is likely to feature as he prepares for 2015-16 season with LA Galaxy . Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard could also feature in the tournament as he embarks on a career with LA Galaxy after his 26-year association with the Merseyside club . Galaxy president Chris Klein . ` This is the most storied and successful club in MLS and competing in this tournament gives our fans an opportunity to see the Galaxy face the most successful clubs from other leagues around the world . ` We are looking forward to continuing the tradition of bringing global soccer to Southern California this summer . ' The tournament , which will be played through July and August will be seen over 160 countries across the world . United will have to wear Nike kit during their summer US tour , despite their new adidas deal . adidas are the new sponsors in a £ 750million deal but there is no buy-out clause in Nike deal that ends in July .