My first trip to New York was with my aunt when I was about 18 and I had been appearing in Coronation Street for about 12 months . I can remember it all so clearly . We had a lot of fun together - we went to see the musical Chicago on Broadway and did lots and lots of shopping . We returned to the city that never sleeps in January 2001 , eight months before the terrible events of 9/11 , and one of the first things my boyfriend Sylvain Longchambon and I did on my latest trip was to visit the site of the World Trade Center to see the monument to those who died . It was a very poignant moment . Coronation Street star Samia Ghadie and boyfriend Sylvain Longchambon take a selfie in New York . There were hundreds of people visiting the memorial at the time but everybody was quiet and extremely respectful . Sylvain and I flew to the US from Manchester and spent four nights in the city . I love flying from Manchester if I can , not just because it 's nearer to my home but because it 's not so vast and sprawling as either Gatwick or Heathrow . We stayed at the Marriott where the service was fantastic - when we checked in the concierge desk wanted to know if they could help us to make bookings for shows or restaurants . And when we got to the room , we were met by a butler who immediately took away our shoes for shining - very impressive . You do n't get that at a Travelodge ! We had a beautiful suite on the 31st floor , giving us panoramic views of Central Park . We valued the fact that the suite had a separate lounge area , and it came in really handy because during our stay Sylvain 's cousin in New York celebrated his 30th birthday , so lots of people came back to our room for a glass of bubbly . We sipped champagne as we gazed out across Manhattan - and The Rovers Return suddenly felt a very long way away . The JW Marriott Essex House as seen from Central Park , of which it boasts panoramic views . One of Samia and Sylvain 's first stops was to pay their respects to those lost on September 11 , 2001 . On the second night of our break , we went on the Bateaux New York cruise , which offers an unforgettable three-hour trip along the Hudson River . We enjoyed cocktails and then a great three-course meal , and after that there was music and dancing . You can go outside on deck where you have amazing views of Manhattan . Actually we only just made the cruise by the skin of our teeth . President Obama was in New York to address the United Nations and as we were in a taxi heading for the pier to board the cruise , we discovered that the police had closed a lot of the streets to let the President 's motorcade through . With the clock ticking and our yellow cab going nowhere , we decided to get out and find the nearest subway station . Once our train reached its destination , we had to dash to get to the cruise boat , but fortunately we just made it on time . I 'm so glad we did because to see Manhattan like that was an unforgettable experience . The couple , who met as partners on Dancing on Ice , enjoyed a Bateaux New York Cruise of the Hudson . The bright lights and busy traffic of Fifth Avenue which Samia covered extensively during her four-day trip . During our break , we saw most of the famous sights , including the Statue of Liberty , where we took some great pictures . We did n't manage to catch a show , though - we simply ran out of time . We wanted to have a juicy steak at a proper New York steakhouse . Friends had told us about a place called Burger Joint in Le Parker Meridien Hotel - it does n't look very special -LRB- in fact , there 's graffiti all over the walls outside -RRB- but it 's reckoned to serve the best burgers in town . I have to agree they 're pretty special . It was Sylvain 's first visit to New York and he absolutely loved it . He also enjoyed the shopping . We must have covered the whole of Fifth Avenue during our stay , and yes , purchases were made . I have to confess I bought a few dresses . The pound was very good value against the dollar at the time , so there were a lot of bargains to be had . I calculated that many things were half the price compared with the UK - so how could I resist ? While Samia shopped at famed New York stores such as Tiffany and Co , Sylvain worked out in the gym . For bargain shopping , Samia recommends discount outlet store Century 21 for lots of major brands . Sylvain was n't always my shopping buddy . He chose to remain at the hotel a few times and work out at the gym . So while I was at Tiffany 's he was on the running machine . A crowd of paparazzi turned out to be for Lady Gaga , but sadly a selfie with the pop star was n't an option . Despite our world renown as an ice-dancing couple - we met while we were partners on the ITV show Dancing On Ice - we managed to resist the lure of the rink at the Rockefeller Centre . For Sylvain , ice skating is too much like work . I still skate from time to time and I have to say I 'm a lot better at it than I was on the programme . I think that 's because I 'm just doing it for fun now and there 's no pressure on me . If anybody is looking for good shopping , I can recommend BCBG - it 's great for dresses , and their prices are excellent . If you 're after big savings , head to Century 21 , which is like an outlet store for lots of major brands . Friends had told us about it before we travelled to New York . I 'm glad they did because the prices were so temptingly low . And of course I also made sure to visit the Disney Store to get presents for my little girl - we were loaded up with bags from there , much to her delight , when we returned to England . Perhaps the biggest surprise of the trip was when we had stopped to have lunch at a small Italian restaurant on Central Park near our hotel . While we were eating , we noticed a crowd gathering - with lots of paparazzi photographers . We were wondering who was going to emerge when out stepped Lady Gaga . It was the ultimate holiday treat - it was just a shame I could n't arrange a selfie with her . That would have been the icing on the cake . American Sky -LRB- 0843 636 2001 -RRB- offers a three-night holiday to New York from £ 899pp . This includes accommodation in the JW Marriott Essex House New York on a room-only basis and return flights with British Airways from Heathrow . Visit nycgo.com for more information .