When Leanne Bourne , a mother-of-four from Romford in Essex , began to suspect that her partner Steve was having an affair , she was heartbroken . But in a twist that she could never have foreseen , the other woman turned out to be her younger sister Larissa Knipe . Now , three years after the affair that tore her family apart , Ms Bourne says she is still struggling to come to terms with what happens - and still has bad days when she ca n't stop crying . Scroll down for video . Family feud : Larissa Knipe -LRB- left -RRB- is pictured with her son Logun and sister Leanne Bourne -LRB- right -RRB- . ` I was very protective of Larissa because she was my baby sister , ' she says of her happy upbringing . ` She was n't just my sister . She was like a best friend and I 'd do anything for her . ' But all that changed when Larissa , who is seven years younger than Ms Bourne , moved into her home when she was 17 . Although Larissa says there was nothing between her and Steve to begin with , a night out when she was 20 resulted in a liaison with her sister 's partner - and the start of an affair . ` I was 20 when it first started with Steve , ' she confesses . ` I went out one night , had a few too many drinks , came back , saw him and we started kissing . It started like that . ` The next morning , I woke up and thought , `` What have you done ? '' I do n't know why I carried it on to be honest but I did . After the first few months , I did start getting feelings and began falling for him . ' Upset : Leanne Bourne appeared on ITV 's This Morning to tell her story . Rapprochement : Larissa is finally winning back her sister after more than three years in the cold . Caught in the middle : Sarah Guyton was caught in the centre of the increasingly acrimonious dispute . Noticing that the pair were spending increasing amounts of time together , Ms Bourne became suspicious but , believing that her sister would do nothing to hurt her , stayed quiet . ` I mentioned it to a couple of friends , to a couple of work colleagues , ' she remembers . ` One or two of my friends actually said , `` What you 're thinking , it 's probably feasible '' . ` Everybody else , including my mum , said , `` What are you thinking ? That 's your sister . She loves you . She would never do that to you '' . ' Then , a few months later , Larissa revealed she was pregnant and claimed not to know who the father was . ` Larissa had never really had a boyfriend . If she had , I 'd never met any . Then one day I came home from work and she said she was pregnant , ' Ms Bourne recalls . But she was left even more suspicious by her sister and Mr Allsop 's reaction . ` Larissa and Steve were both over the moon about it , really happy , ' she says . ` I was quite concerned . I really felt like I was going crazy , like I was losing it . I was having a battle in my own mind . ' Putting her fears to one side , she supported her sister and was there when Larissa gave birth to her son Logun in August 2011 . Speaking on ITV 's This Morning , Ms Bourne says she was convinced that her sister was the other woman the moment she saw the newborn . Shock : Leanne also spoke of the moment that she realised her sister 's baby had been fathered by her partner . ` I had suspicions anyway but as soon as I saw the baby , I knew because not only did it look like Steve , it look like my children when they were babies . It was just too much for coincidence . ` I had to run out of the room . I saw a friend straight after and I said , `` That baby is Steve 's '' . Larissa , who moved out into a council flat of her own shortly afterwards , continued to deny all talk of an affair . But then , consumed with guilt , she finally confessed the truth to their mother Sarah Guyton in a text message that read : ` Well what 's she going to do when she finds out Logun is Steve 's ? I ca n't hide it any more . ' ` I answered the phone and my mum 's in a panic , ' remembers Ms Bourne . ` She was actually crying , so I said , `` Calm down mum , what 's happened ? '' ` And she said , `` I 'm sorry to tell you but what you 've been worrying about is true '' . ' Ms Bourne was , she says , left ` utterly devastated ' by the news and furious that despite repeated questioning , both Larissa and Steve had point-blank denied having an affair . Then , a few days after the bombshell hit , Steve moved out of Ms Bourne 's home and in with her sister . ` It was a nightmare , ' remembers Ms Bourne . ` I did send her some nasty text messages . I called her every name under the sun . I think most people in my position would have . ' Larissa responded angrily and more than three years on , the sisters are still estranged and struggling to come to terms with what happened . ` It 's still heartbreaking really , ' adds Ms Bourne . ` To think we were really close and that 's all gone . It 's vanished . It 's non existent now . '