Marouane Fellaini has paid tribute to the departing Steven Gerrard , hailing the Liverpool midfielder as being the best passer of the ball he has faced during his professional career . The Belgian put to one side Manchester United 's rivalry with their north-west rivals to heap praise on the Reds captain for his range of passing in an interview for manutd.com . Fellaini was on the pitch as Gerrard was dismissed just 38 seconds after coming on during Liverpool 's 2-1 defeat to United at Anfield last month . Marouane Fellaini picked Steven Gerrard as the best passer he has played against in an official club interview . Gerrard has been revered by many throughout his Liverpool and England career for his passing ability . Michael Carrick has been impressive form since returning from injury for Manchester United . But when asked who was the best passer he has played against , the 27-year-old answered with the simple response : ` Steven Gerrard . ' United face the 27-year-old 's former club Everton this Sunday with a vital three points at stake in their quest to secure automatic Champions League football next season , and Fellaini acknowledged Toffees skipper Phil Jagielka as being the toughest tackler he has come up against since departing Goodison Park in September 2013 . The former Standard Liege man also ranked Wayne Rooney as the best finisher he has shared a dressing-room with , while Phil Jones was given the accolade of the toughest tackler . Fellaini struggled however to pick between two of his fastest team-mates , pondering : ` I 'd definitely say Smalling , but I 'd also say James Wilson , he 's really fast too . ' Wayne Rooney was described by Fellaini as the best finisher he has played with at Manchester United . Everton 's Phil Jagielka has been lauded by Marouane Fellaini for his ability to execute the toughest tackle . In the ` With and against ' question and answer piece , there was mention of Nemanja Vidic as the fittest player the £ 27million signing has played against , while the Belgian also named Sylvain Distin as the most athletic player he has played alongside . ` He is unbelievable . He is very fit for 37 , ' said Fellaini , who also reserved special praise for Yakubu during his time at Everton for the Nigerian 's prolific finishing .