A 49-year-old gunman who was holed up in a vintage blue bus has been shot dead following a seven-hour standoff with SWAT officers that involved heavy gunfire , tear gas and the use of an armored car . Mark Hawkins reportedly barricaded himself inside the Greyhound-style bus in the parking lot of a Walmart in Salem , Oregon , after he was approached by police , who believed him to be wanted . Seconds later , Hawkins , who was being hunted in Lane County for failing to appear on a charge of delivery of a controlled substance , allegedly fired his weapon from the front of the large vehicle . The bullet struck a police dog named Baco in the head , prompting an exchange of gunfire between officers and Hawkins . Numerous law enforcement agencies in the area then rushed to the scene . Scroll down for video . Wrecked : Mark Hawkins , 49 , who was holed up in a vintage blue bus has been shot dead following a seven-hour standoff with SWAT officers . Above , the bus is pictured in a wrecked off after the standoff on Friday . Finally out : A law enforcement official is pictured dragging Hawkins -LRB- whose limb can be seen in the official 's grip -RRB- out of the Greyhound-style bus , which was situated in the parking lot of a Walmart in Salem , Oregon . Shot dead : The suspect -LRB- left and right -RRB- , who was wanted in Lane County for failing to appear on a charge of delivery of a controlled substance , had barricaded himself in the vehicle after he was approached by police . In the hours after the first shot , which occurred shortly before noon on Friday , SWAT officers and police fired more than a dozen rounds of tear gas at the bus in Turner Road - but to no avail . They locked down all shops in the area , including the Walmart , as they attempted to force Hawkins out of the vehicle . They finally decided to ram an armored car into the blue bus , according to KOIN.com . In incredible scenes , SWAT offers drove the car into the bus , punching holes in the larger vehicle . But the suspect apparently still refused to comply with officers and ` continued to brandish a handgun ' . At around 6.30 pm , police shot at the suspect multiple times . He was hit and wounded by nine bullets , causing him to slide out of the bus . He was then taken to a nearby hospital , where he later died . ' -LSB- Hawkins -RSB- has since died of his injuries , ' the Salem Police Department said on Friday night . It is not yet known whether the bus belonged to Hawkins - and if not , how he managed to get into the vehicle . The officers involved in the shooting - Officer Joshua Edmiston , Officer Vincent Dawson and Officer Sean Bennet - have now been placed on administrative leave pending an investigation , police said . Vintage : Hawkins allegedly fired a weapon from the front of the large vehicle . The bullet struck a police dog named Baco in the head , prompting an exchange of bullets between officers and Hawkins . Above , the bus . Firing tear gas : In the hours after the first shot , which occurred shortly before noon on Friday , SWAT officers and police fired more than a dozen rounds of tear gas -LRB- pictured -RRB- at the bus in Turner Road - but to no avail . Lock down : They locked down all shops in the area , including the Walmart , as they attempted to force Hawkins out of the vehicle . They finally decided to ram an armored car into the bus , it is reported . Meanwhile , K-9 Baco was taken to a nearby vet , where he was treated and released . He is now recovering at home with his handler , according to the police department 's Facebook page . An autopsy by the Oregon State Medical Examiner on Saturday showed that Hawkins was shot nine times by officers during the standoff . He apparently died of gunshot wounds to the chest . On his Facebook page , Hawkins is pictured smiling while cuddling his pet dog at his Eugene home . An investigation is ongoing . Recovering : The standoff occurred in the parking lot of this Walmart -LRB- right -RRB- in Turner Road . K-9 Baco -LRB- left -RRB- , who was injured in the shooting , was taken to a nearby vet , where he was treated and released .