The wedding of the year in Scotland takes place on Saturday when British No 1 and two-time Grand Slam champion Andy Murray marries Kim Sears , his girlfriend of almost 10 years , in his hometown of Dunblane . Murray and Sears , both aged 27 , met when the pair were teenagers during the US Open in 2005 . Murray was playing in only his second Grand Slam tournament , while Sears was travelling with her tennis coach father Nigel . The couple got back together in 2010 following a brief split and after having to field constant questions over the years on when he would propose , their engagement was confirmed last November . Andy Murray kisses his new girlfriend Kim Sears in the crowd after winning his first ATP World Tour title in San Jose in February 2006 . Murray pictured walking alongside Sears on the streets of London during the Wimbledon Championships in June 2006 . Murray watches his brother Jamie in action at London 's Queen 's Club in June 2007 alongside Sears and mother Judy -LRB- left -RRB- . Murray watches his brother in action at Wimbledon in 2007 alongside Sears and Carlos Mier -LRB- right -RRB- , who will be one of Murray 's three best men . Murray and Sears watching British boxer Amir Khan in action during a title fight at the ExCel Arena in London in February 2008 . Murray and Sears attend the exhibition match held to mark the launch of the new Wimbledon Centre Court roof in May 2009 . Murray and Sears attend a Burberry fashion show alongside Serena Williams -LRB- second left -RRB- and Sarah Jessica Parker -LRB- left -RRB- in September 2010 . Murray was the best man for the wedding of his brother Jamie -LRB- right -RRB- and wife Alejandra -LRB- second right -RRB- at Cromlix House in October 2010 . Television viewers are well used to the sight of Sears , pictured here at Wimbledon in 2011 , showing her emotions during Murray 's matches . Murray looks dejected as he and Sears wait for transport after the Brit lost the Wimbledon 2012 final to Roger Federer . There were happier moments just weeks later though as Murray celebrates with Sears after beating Federer to win Olympic gold in London . Murray then won his first Grand Slam title at the US Open in New York in September 2012 by beating Novak Djokovic in an epic final . Murray and Sears laugh with television host Jimmy Fallon before an appearance on the show following his US Open victory . Murray and Sears pose for photographers as they arrive for a Burberry fashion show during London Fashion Week in September 2012 . Murray leans over to kiss Sears after becoming the first British man in 77 years to win the men 's singles title at Wimbledon in July 2013 . Murray and Sears pose with the famous trophy during the Wimbledon Champion 's Dinner at a hotel in Park Lane later that evening . Murray and Sears stand outside Buckingham Palace in October 2013 after the British No 1 was awarded an OBE by Prince William . Murray and Sears outside Dunblane High School after the local hero received the Freedom of Stirling at his former school in April 2014 . Murray and Sears watch golf as the couple stroll by the fairways of Ridgewood Country Club in New Jersey during The Barclays in August 2014 . Sears poked fun at the reaction to her foul-mouthed rant during the Australian Open this year by wearing this t-shirt for Murray 's final .