Jenna Bush Hager is pregnant with her second child and revealed the news live on this morning 's Today show . The 33-year-old and her husband Henry Hager already have a daughter , Mila , who turns two later this month , and the youngster was on-hand to help her mother announce the family 's exciting news . During a segment in which ` adventure correspondent ' Jenna was discussing what her ` next adventure ' for the show would be , she cut away to a clip of herself pointing to her tummy , asking Mila who was in there , before the toddler told the world that it was her ` baby sissy ' . Congrats ! Jenna Bush Hager revealed that she is expecting her second daughter with husband Henry Hager live on this morning 's Today show . Happy family : The Today correspondent , pictured with husband Henry and their daughter Mila , described parenthood as ` the biggest roller coaster ride there is ' ` This is the biggest roller coaster ride there is , having children , ' Jenna said of her pregnancy . She added about her daughter 's reaction to the news : ` She 's excited , she 's so cute . She keeps saying baby sissy , baby sissy ! ' Wearing a fitted purple dress which showed just the tiniest hint of a bump , the Today show correspondent confessed that she is already 20 weeks into her pregnancy , revealing that her second daughter is due in August . Jenna admitted in an interview with People that she has known about the pregnancy for some time , revealing that she and Henry broke the news to her parents , former President George Bush , and former First Lady Laura , the day after Christmas . Luckily it has been an incredibly smooth pregnancy for Jenna , who admitted to the publication that her husband has , on occasion , forgotten that she is carrying a child . ` My husband even said , `` I keep forgetting you 're pregnant ! '' ' she joked . ` Baby sissy ' : The 33-year-old asked her one-year-old daughter Mila to help make the announcement to the world . Special role : Jenna revealed that her daughter Mila was thrilled about the idea of becoming a big sister . Surprise : Jenna 's fellow Today show hosts were thrilled about her news , and were quick to congratulate the soon-to-be mother-of-two . Jenna 's Today co-hosts were thrilled for the soon-to-be mother-of-two , with fellow mother Savannah Guthrie leaping up from her desk to give her congratulatory hug , before the team presented her with a bunch of flowers and some baby clothes . Jenna and Henry , who married in May 2008 , welcomed their first daughter , whose full name is Margaret Laura Hager , on April 13 , 2012 - and the TV presenter revealed to People that the couple had actually been expecting a boy . ` We did n't find out with Mila and we were convinced she was a boy , to the point that we painted the nursery a pale blue , ' she explained . ` And it was a girl ! We were thrilled , but shocked . So with the second , we decided to find out . ' And it seems as though Jenna is already preparing for the challenges of parenting two young children at once ; after Today show executive producer Don Nash tweeted his congratulations to the star , she replied joking that she needed some parenting tips . ` Congrats to @JennaBushHager and Henry on another baby girl on the way ! Double the trouble , double the fun ! #trustmeiknow -LRB- sic -RRB- ' Don tweeted , prompting Jenna to reply : ' @Studio1ADon thanks !! I need parenting tips . Ha . -LRB- sic -RRB- ' Proud mother : The Today show 's official ` adventure correspondent ' was incredibly excited to reveal her happy news . The big reveal : Shortly after making the announcement , Jenna was showered with hugs and gifts from the Today show team . Grandparents : Jenna and Henry told her parents , former US President George Bush and former First Lady Laura Bush -LRB- pictured -RRB- , about the pregnancy during the Christmas vacation . Jenna 's second pregnancy may mean that she has to put her role as the Today show 's official adventure correspondent , a position which has seen her take on all manner of weird and wonderful challenges during the past few months , on hold however . And unfortunately for Jenna 's adventure-focused fans , that means the expectant mother wo n't be able to complete any of the four potential viewer-chosen challenges which she was due to face in the next few weeks . More than 50,000 people voted for what daring feat Jenna would complete next , with an incredibly speedy roller coaster ride and parachuting off a bridge taking the lead . ` Some people will do anything to get out of a roller coaster ride , ' Matt Lauer joked after hearing the news . Shortly after appearing on the Today show , Jenna took to her Instagram account to once again express her joy at the family 's happy news . Alongside a picture of herself posing with husband Henry and Mila , the doting mother commented : ` Feel so lucky that we 're adding another precious , precocious little girl to our family . My heart is full . '