A heroic army dog who lost her entire front leg while clearing a Taliban compound on patrol in Afghanistan has a new home with one of the men she saved . This week , US Army Staf Sgt Julian McDonald , welcomed 4-year-old Layka , a Belgian Malinois , into his Columbus , Ohio home after fighting to adopt her for two years . Layka was on her eighth overseas military tour with Sgt. McDonald in 2012 when she was shot four times at point blank range by an enemy fighter armed with an AK-47 . Scroll down for video . Great team : U.S. Army Staff SGT. Julian McDonald -LRB- left -RRB- of Columbus , Ohio has welcomed a 4-year-old Belgian Malinois named Layka -LRB- right -RRB- into his home after she protected him in Afghanistan in 2012 . Injured : Despite being injured , Layka completed the mission with her team and her wounds were treated upon her return to safe territory . Best friends : Layka and McDonald 's son Liam have become best friends and they play daily . Her comrades rushed her back for emergency surgery during which she had her leg amputated as the cost for saving them . So endebted to her for the selfless bravey she showed in combat , Sgt. McDonald decided that he must bring her home to live with his young family . ` I realized I had a responsibility to take care of her , just as she took care of me , ' said Sgt. McDonald to ABC News . ` She saved our lives and I owed it to her to obviously save hers . ' Medal of honor : Even though Layka no longer has her right leg , she has a new family to keep her safe and a medal of honor in recognition of her bravery . Fast friends : Layka is gentle with McDonald 's children despite being trained to attack enemy soldiers . In Afghanistan : While McDonald was on his eight overseas military tour and completing a mission to clear an enemy compound with Lyka , a man started to shoot at them . McDonald told ABC that Layka adapted to civilian life quickly and that she became fast friends with his son Liam . ` Her excitement brought me to tears , ' McDonald says . ` She was the sole reason why I was living and breathing and able to come home to my son and wife . ' McDonald says that Layka will always hold a special place near his heart . The U.S. military deploys more than 500 dogs worldwide at any given time . Each year a few are killed in action .