The anonymous waitress who publicly shamed the New Zealand Prime Minister for repeatedly pulling her hair while she was at work has been revealed as Amanda Bailey . The waitress told the New Zealand Herald that she published the details of John Key 's behaviour , which she experienced while she was working at a cafe in Auckland , as she ` expected more from him ' and wanted ` the public to be aware ' . The 26-year-old , an employee at Rosie cafe which is frequented by Mr Key and his wife , recounted on The Daily Blog how the Prime Minister kept playfully pulling her hair despite being told to stop during election time last year . But following the publication of the blog on Wednesday , Mr Key defended his pranks as ` a bit of banter ' and said he had already apologised for his actions , Stuff.co.nz reports . Scroll down for video . Amanda Bailey -LRB- right -RRB- with Jackie Grant and Scott Brown , whose company Hip Group owns Rosie cafe in Auckland where Ms Bailey works . The 26-year-old had her ponytail pulled by Prime Minister John Key while she was working in the cafe . While the waitress took to an online blog to detail how Mr Key pulled her hair in the cafe on six occasions , owners Jackie Grant and Scott Brown have spoken about their disappointment with Ms Bailey as she had never notified them of her concerns . A waitress has revealed how the New Zealand Prime Minister had repeatedly given her unwanted attention while she was working at a cafe in Auckland frequented by him and his wife Bronagh -LRB- pictured together -RRB- . Ms Bailey told the Herald that she felt Mr Key 's behaviour was inappropriate . ` I did n't feel I should have to put up with that , ' she said . ` I expected more from him and I want the public to be aware . ` John Key feels he is untouchable . ' However Jackie Grant and Scott Brown , whose company Hip Group owns Rosie cafe , told the Herald of their disappointment with Ms Bailey as she had never notified them of her concerns . They further stated that Mr Key is popular among the staff at Rosie cafe in Parnell , east of Auckland . The waitress had reportedly been working at a cafe called Rosie -LRB- pictured -RRB- in Parnell , east of Auckland . The waitress wrote how Mr Key kept being persistent with his hair-pulling antics , despite being told by his wife Bronagh to stop . In the blog , Ms Bailey wrote about how she made it very clear that she was unimpressed by Mr Key 's gestures . ` He was like the school yard bully tugging on the little girls ' hair trying to get a reaction , experiencing that feeling of power over her , ' she wrote . Mr Key kept being persistent with his hair-pulling antics , despite being told by his wife Bronagh to stop . After dealing with the practical jokes over the six months he had visited the cafe , the waitress finally lost her cool . ` As he made his way out the door I said after him `` Please STOP or I will actually hit you soon ! '' , ' she wrote . ` Everybody knew that I did n't like it , I really did n't like it . I felt powerless and tormented and I stepped out the back and I cried frustrated tears . ' Key , who was en route to the Anzac ceremony in Gallipoli on Wednesday , told reporters he has a very ` warm and friendly relationship ' with staff at the cafe . ` When I realised she took offence by that I just sort of immediately went back , gave her some wine , apologised and said I was terribly sorry , ' he said according to Stuff.co.nz . ` It was all in the context of a bit of banter that was going on , and so obviously I immediately apologised for that . ` She thanked me for that and said `` that 's all fine , no drama '' . ' But Mr Key defended his pranks as ` a bit of banter ' and said he had already apologised for his actions .