The PFA has announced its Women 's Player of the Year nominees for the 2014-15 season . Eniola Aluko , Lucy Bronze , Karen Carney , Jess Clarke , Kelly Smith and Ji So-yun have all made the shortlist . Chelsea and England forward Aluko has been rewarded for her excellent performances for the Blues this season . Chelsea and England forward Eniola Aluko has been nominated for the PFA Women 's Player of the Year award . PFA Player of the Year . PFA Young Player of the Year . The former Birmingham and Charlton striker has represented England at all levels from Under 17 upwards . The 28-year-old is well course to winning 100 caps for her country . Manchester City defender Bronze is the current holder of the Women 's PFA Players ' Player of the Year award following her standout performances during the 2013-14 Women 's Super League . Manchester City defender Lucy Bronze is the current holder Women 's PFA Players ' Player of the Year award . The 23-year-old played an integral part of the Liverpool side that won back-to-back WSL titles in 2013 and 2014 . In November 2014 , following her second league title with the Reds , Bronze signed for City . Birmingham City forward Carney was the first woman to be inducted into the club 's Hall of Fame . The 27-year-old also holds the distinction of being the youngest player to earn 100 caps for her country . Birmingham City defender Karen Carney -LRB- left -RRB- challenges Manchester City 's Isobel Christiansen . Carney made her senior Birmingham City debut at the age of just 14 and helped them win the FA Women 's Cup in 2012 . She was twice named FA Young Player of the Year . Notts County midfielder Clarke has represented England at Under 15 , 17 and 19 levels and currently has more than 40 senior caps to her name since making her full international debut in 2009 . Arsenal forward Smith called time on her England career this season but is currently enjoying her third spell with the Gunners . Arsenal captain Kelly Smith -LRB- right -RRB- holds off Chelsea midfielder Ji So-Yun . Smith represented her country 117 times during a career that spanned two decades . She is England 's all-time leading scorer with 46 goals to her name . Chelsea midfiedler Ji So-Yun has made a huge impact with the London club since she joined from Japanese side Kobe INAC Leonessa last year . The South Korea international has earned more than 60 caps .