Frank Sinatra underwent a vasectomy so could not have fathered Ronan Farrow , according to his youngest daughter , Tina Sinatra . Showbiz 411 's Roger Friedman said that the 66-year-old laughed when he asked her if Mia Farrow 's son Ronan was her brother . He said that Tina , who is the daughter of Sinatra and his first wife Nancy , told him : ` Could n't be . Frank had a vasectomy before that . I do n't know whose son Ronan is . ' Scroll down for video . Frank Sinatra -LRB- left -RRB- underwent a vasectomy so could not have fathered Ronan Farrow , -LRB- right -RRB- according to his youngest daughter , Tina Sinatra . Mia Farrow had previously admitted the singer may be the father of her Ronan -LRB- both pictured -RRB- . It has never been reported before that Sinatra underwent the medical procedure . In 2013 , Mia Farrow admitted that Frank Sinatra may be the father of her son , instead of Woody Allen . Tina Sinatra , 66 , ridiculed claims Ronan Farrow was her brother . Rumours about the parentage of her son Ronan , 27 , have long dogged the actress , and she addressed the issue in the interview saying the legendary crooner was ` possibly ' his father . Ronan Farrow later responded by tweeting : ` Listen , we 're all * possibly * Frank Sinatra 's son . ' Farrow , now 70 , said that Sinatra was the great love of her life , and says , ` We never really split up . ' Farrow married Sinatra in 1966 in Las Vegas when she was 21 and he was 50 . The marriage fell apart 18 months later when she refused to drop her critically-acclaimed performance in Rosemary 's Baby to star in a movie with her husband . They divorced in 1968 . Two years later , Farrow married German-Austrian pianist Andre Previn . The couple adopted three children and also had three biological children before divorcing in 1979 . In 1980 , Farrow started a long-term relationship with Woody Allen , although the two never lived together . She and the children stayed in her massive Upper West Side New York apartment while he had a home on the other side of the city . Farrow became Allen 's muse and starred in 13 of his films , most notable Hannah And Her Sisters in 1986 . Earlier bonds : Woody Allen and Mia Farrow walk as Mia carries their son Satchel , who later changed his name to Ronan . 1966 : Actress Mia Farrow married Sinatra in Las Vegas when she was 21 and he was 50 . 1968 : The couple split just 18 months after getting married and got divorced . 1971 : Mia Farrow then married German-Austrian pianist Andre Previn.They went on to adopt three children - Lark Song , Summer Daisy Song , and Soon-Yi - and had three biological children - twins Matthew and Sascha and finally Fletcher . 1976 : Frank Sinatra married Barbara Marx .1979 : Farrow and Previn divorced . 1980 : Farrow started dating Woody Allen . They adopted two girls - Moses and Dylan . 1987 : Farrow gave birth to a boy , Ronan , on December 19 . Ronan was the only biological child of the couple . 1992 : The couple split when Farrow discovered Allen was having an affair with her oldest adopted daughter Soon-Yi Previn , then 22 . 1992 - 1995 : Farrow went on to adopt six more children - Tam , Kaeli-Shea , Frankie-Minh , Isaiah Justus , Thaddeus Wilk and Gabriel Wilk . 1998 : Frank Sinatra died . He was still with his third wife Barbara Marx at the time of his death after 22 years of marriage . 2013 : Farrow has now suggested Sinatra may be Ronan 's father as they never ` really split up ' . Farrow gave birth to Ronan in 1987 - he was their only biological child . Her relationship with Allen ended in 1992 when she discovered he was having an affair with her oldest adopted daughter , Soon-Yi Previn , then 22 . The news that Allen may indeed be his father may not be welcome to Ronan - the pair had a very public falling out when Allen began his romantic relationship with Previn . ` He 's my father and married to my sister . That makes me his son and his brother-in-law . That is such a moral transgression , ' Ronan has said . ` I can not see him . I can not have a relationship with my father and be morally consistent ... I lived with all these adopted children , so they are my family . ` To say Soon-Yi was not my sister is an insult to all adopted children , ' Ronan said of the relationship . Allen later responded to Farrow 's claims saying it was possible that Ronan was not his son . Allen wrote claimed that mother Mia Farrow may have been lying about it for decades . The Annie Hall director said Ronan , his only biological child with Farrow , ` looks a lot like Frank ' thanks to his blue eyes and similar facial features . Allen said that if it were true then Farrow would have kept a dark secret during their bitter custody battle 21 years ago to make him pay child support . In a 2005 interview , Allen confirmed that he no longer has relationships with his three children from his relationship with Farrow . ` Well , I feel terrible about it . I spent millions of dollars and fought in court for years to do it , but could not swing it , ' he told Vanity Fair . When Vanity Fair asked Sinatra 's daughter about Ronan being treated as if he were a member of her family , Nancy Sinatra Jr told them : ` He is a big part of us , and we are blessed to have him in our lives . '