An alligator reportedly attacked and ate a 100-pound dog at an Alabama park in early April . Pooch Mavis was brought to Arlington Park in Mobile sometime last weekend by her owner for a fishing trip , the man 's brother , Chris Wilson , told WWLP . Mavis was reportedly close to the park 's boat launch as the alligator attacked her after it jumped out of the water . Scroll down for video . Remembered : Pooch Mavis was reportedly attacked and consumed by an alligator earlier this month . Missed : Mavis was reportedly close to the park 's boat launch at the time of the alligator 's attack . The alligator involved in the attack is being looked for by wildlife officials , WWLP reported . According to the television station , Mavis was from Mobile 's Midtown section and viewed as a ` neighborhood dog . ' Local resident Nicole Lavirriere told the television station ` Mavis was a lot like my dog . ' ` I think she 's like the Norm of `` Cheers , '' she was the - you know , Mavis - everybody knew her name , ' she told WWLP , laughing . She also told the news station ` She had regular houses that she went to get treats from . ` She knew how to pretty much open up our back door and come in when she wanted to . ' Missed : Nicole Lavirriere , who knew Mavis , is seen comforting a young girl after the dog 's death . Incident : The alligator struck at the Arlington Park boat launch , pictured . ` There 's definitely a loss not seeing her out and about in the front yards of all the neighbors walking around , and greeting people . ' Lavirriere was filmed holding a young girl crying , and told her ` Stop , you 're going to make me cry . ' Arlington Park attendee Jayme Corry said in an interview with WWLP ` We see small -LSB- alligators -RSB- , maybe two or three foot . ' ` It definitely makes me scared , ' he said . Earlier this month at Florida 's Lake Ida , an alligator attacked a German short hair dog which later died from its wounds , the Orlando Sentinel reported . On its website , the University of Florida warns ` It 's very important to keep children and pets away from the water 's edge wherever alligators are likely to be present . Do not allow dogs to swim or explore waters that are known to have alligators because dogs look like prey to alligators . '