Liverpool are showing interest in Borussia Dortmund striker Ciro Immobile . The Italy international has not had the best of times in the Bundesliga following his move from Torino last summer and Dortmund are willing to sell . Immobile fits the profile of player Liverpool want . He has pace and is a busy forward who can chase down the opposition . His goals ratio has dropped at Dortmund but he has still managed nine goals in a troubled season for the team . Ciro Immobile -LRB- left -RRB- of Dortmund has struggled in Germany and is wanted by Liverpool to boost their attack . Immobile -LRB- left -RRB- was signed by Jurgen Klopp -LRB- centre -RRB- from Torino but could be on the move again . Liverpool have made contact with Dortmund 's sporting director Michael Zorc to sound out the figures . Dortmund are expecting further departures with Manchester United keen on Mats Hummels and Ilkay Gundogan while Real Madrid have expressed interest once again in Marco Reus . Liverpool are also continuing to check on Monaco midfielder Geoffrey Kondogbia but their lack of Champions League football could prove crucial in their pursuit of certain players as well as their budget . Arsenal have also considered reviving interest in France international Kondogbia . Arsene Wenger enquired after the 22-year-old while he was at Sevilla . Geoffrey Kondogbia -LRB- left -RRB- of Monaco is also wanted by Liverpool and Arsenal have a long standing interest . Spartak Moscow want to rescue Nemanja Vidic from his nightmare spell at Inter Milan . The former Manchester United captain , now 33 , has failed to settle under Roberto Mancini and has been criticised for some of his performances . Spartak have reportedly offered a one year deal worth around £ 35,000 a week but Vidic wants two years if he leaves Italy . Vidic played for Spartak between 2004 and 2006 . Nemanja Vidic -LRB- right -RRB- has struggled since moving to Italy with Inter Milan and is attracting interest in Russia . Tottenham sent a scout to watch Lille against Bordeaux last weekend where Lille won 2-0 and midfielders Sofiane Boufal and Idrissa Gueye impressed . Tottenham were also represented last week as Club Brugge played out a 0-0 draw with Dnipro in the Europa League . Dnipro winger Yevhen Konoplyanka was understood to be the object of Tottenham 's attentions with Chelsea and West Ham also represented at the game . Chelsea have checked on Standard Liege left-back Damien Dussaut . The 20-year-old Frenchman has only started five games in the Belgian league this season but is seen as a bright prospect . Paris Saint Germain remain keen on Chelsea goalkeeper Petr Cech with Liverpool looking unlikely to match the financial package required to prise him out of Stamford Bridge . PSG also like Tottenham 's Hugo Lloris but Daniel Levy is no mood to sell the France goalkeeper . Damien Dussaut -LRB- left -RRB- has impressed for Standard Liege despite only starting five games this season . Manchester City are considering the merits of QPR goalkeeper Alex McCarthy . The 25-year-old has had to take a back seat this season while in-form Robert Green held down the No 1 spot . However , the England U21 international is still recognised as one of the more talented English keepers in the country and has been the subject of interest from Liverpool , Tottenham and Everton over the past year . Alex McCarthy -LRB- centre -RRB- has played second fiddle to Rob Green at QPR but could be a target for Man City . He joined QPR from Reading at the end of last August despite Brendan Rodgers making an attempt to take him to Anfield . City need to address their shortage of homegrown players and McCarthy could fit in . Feyenoord , meanwhile , are struggling to finance a transfer for City striker John Guidetti who has been on loan at Celtic . Stoke City are keen on Blackpool teenager Dom Telford . The 18-year-old striker managed to break into the Blackpool first team this season scoring on his home debut against Rotherham in December . Dom Telford -LRB- right -RRB- of Blackpool has attracted interest from Stoke , who made a bid for the player in January . City manager Mark Hughes made an approach in January which was rejected but has continually sent scouts to monitor his progress and Telford could reject a contract at Bloomfield Road to switch to the Britannia . Hughes is keen to add more quality young players and has already moved for Barcelona 's Moha El Mouriachi , 19 , and Thibaud Verlinden , 15 , of Standard Liege . Blackpool 's Mark Waddington , 18 , remains a target for Brighton . Fulham and QPR are showing interest in Celtic defender Efe Ambrose . Both London clubs are looking to re-shape their squads in the summer and Ambrose would still fit into their wage structure . The 26-year-old Nigeria international who has 46 caps is ready to leave Celtic and has interest from Premier League sides also but is keen on a move to London . QPR will lose Steven Caulker , Rio Ferdinand , possibly Richard Dunne and expect Nedum Onouha to move on also . Celtic defender Efe Ambrose is ready to leave the club and is wanted by London rivals Fulham and QPR . West Ham have revived interest in Pedro Obiang of Sampdoria as they consider midfield targets . As reported by Sportsmail , West Ham have doubts about a permanent deal for Alex Song with Inter Milan also showing an interest . Roberto Mancini has Song and Lucas Leiva of Liverpool on his back-up list should he fail to sign Yaya Toure from Manchester City . West Ham want more energy in midfield and have considered James McArthur of Crystal Palace but Obiang remains on their radar too . Spanish-born Obiang is a Spain U21 international and began his career with Atletico Madrid . West Ham showed interest last summer and in January . Sampdoria want £ 8million for the 23-year-old but West Ham may strike a deal for £ 5m plus add-ons . Radja Nainggolan -LRB- left -RRB- has been put up for sale by Roma but the Italian club want £ 29m for the midfielder . Roma have put Belgium international Radja Nainggolan up for sale but want £ 29million . The 26-year-old is an all-round midfielder and can play the anchor role . Liverpool , Manchester United and City have all been encouraged to make offers as Roma and co-owners Cagliari look to cut their losses and balance the books ahead of other deals this summer . However , all three have other priorities at this stage .