Chip shop boss John Clarkson has created a new answer to the Creme Egg question of ` how do you eat yours ? ' - by turning the chocolate into a pie to serve with chips . Eschewing the savoury favourites of sausage and egg or mince pies , Mr Clarkson decided to wrap the Easter delicacies in pastry before they were battered and deep-fried . The result is his very own ` Pie-egg-ra ' dish - Creme Egg oozing from the traditional pie casing which is then served with chips to more adventurous customers at a price of £ 2.75 . Scroll down for video . The ` Pie-egg-ra ' dish contains one and a half Cadbury 's Creme Eggs and is served with a side of chips . John Clarkson in his chip shop Mr Eaters Fish and Chips in Preston , Lancashire . The 55-year-old fryer , says the savoury-sweet mix is a hit with customers , who have taken to dipping chips into the Creme Egg ` yolk ' like traditional toast soldiers . The pie was created by blind-baking the casing as the egg would otherwise melt down , . Then one-and-a-half Creme Eggs were popped in as a filling . A lid is put on to seal the dish before the pie is battered and fried until golden , . And if the timings are expertly observed , the chocolate will just begin to soften in the middle . Mr Clarkson , who runs Mr Eaters Fish and Chips in Preston , Lancashire , said : ` I love Easter and I love Creme Eggs but I thought it would be fun to try and put my own spin on them . ` Everyone has heard of battered Mars Bars by now so I thought , `` what would be the next step up ? '' Mr Clarkson rolls out the pie casing -LRB- left -RRB- before stuffing one and a half Creme Eggs into it -LRB- right -RRB- . The pie is then covered with a lid and dipped in batter -LRB- left -RRB- before being quickly deep fried -LRB- right -RRB- . ` Creme Eggs are just the right size and shape to be placed in a pie , so I thought ` why not ? ' ` It 's a laugh and I always like seeing what I can conjure up next for customers that might be seen as a bit strange or unusual . If you 're tired of battered sausage , you might just fancy a Crème Egg Pie . ' His wife Corinne added : ` They actually taste delicious and I do n't even like Crème Eggs ! ' The couple are no stranger to wacky food creations . Last year , they created the world 's largest battered Ferrero Rocher which weighed a whopping 5 kg and contained around 25,000 calories . Mr Clarkson says his savoury-sweet mix is a hit with customers , who have taken to dipping chips into the Creme Egg yolk , much like traditional toast soldiers . And while this particularly sweet-savoury offering may seem odd to some , Mr Clarkson is n't the first to have added his own touch to Creme Eggs . The Creme Egg in a Scotch Egg . A family butcher in the Scottish borders has come up with a new way to eat the eggs - inside a Scotch egg . Greig Foston and Benjamin Webb say their snack contains 1,000 calories - and is best served warm so the chocolate melts with the chilli-flavoured pork . Foston 's Fine Meats in the village of Duns , Berwickshire , Scotland , is now even planning to sell mini egg sausages to add to shop 's Easter offering . For just £ 1.85 you too could could enjoy the Cadbury 's Creme Egg surrounded by chilli flavoured sausage meat and covered in breadcrumbs . Butcher Greig Foston explained : ` We always try to think up something new and exciting for the time of year - we try to get our thinking caps on . ' The 36-year-old continued : ` We came up with the sweet chilli in the sausage meat and the egg in the middle . ' Cadbury 's Creme Eggs , which were first sold in the UK as Fry 's Creme Eggs in 1963 are one of the country 's best-selling chocolates , despite only being sold between New Year 's Day and Easter . They have often used the slogan ` how do you eat yours ? ' in adverts on and off since the 1980s with unusual methods being featured on TV advertisements .