Indiana has seen a ` significant increase ' in the number of cases of HIV more than two weeks into a short-term needle exchange program approved by Gov. Mike Pence , state health officials said on Friday . There are now 120 confirmed HIV cases and 10 preliminary positive cases tied to Scott County , about 30 miles north of Louisville , Kentucky . That 's up from 106 last week , said the Indiana State Department of Health . Health officials who declared an epidemic last month have said they expect the number of cases to rise as more people are tested . But the growing number could put pressure on Pence to extend the 30-day needle exchange program that he approved on March 26 . Scroll down for video . More than two weeks into a short-term needle exchange program approved by Gov. Mike Pence , there are now 120 confirmed HIV cases and 10 preliminary positive cases tied to Scott County , about 30 miles north of Louisville , Kentucky . Spokeswoman Kara Brooks said Pence is reviewing reports and recommendations from health officials and will make a decision early next week about extending the program beyond April 25 . The Scott County outbreak has occurred among intravenous drug users and primarily involves the use of the high-powered painkiller Opana , health officials have said . The county typically sees about five HIV cases each year . Since Pence approved the temporary needle exchange , 5,322 clean syringes have been provided to 86 participants , health officials said Friday . About 1,400 used syringes have been returned . Brittany Combs , public health nurse for the Scott County Health Department , said the needle-exchange program had ` really picked up a lot this week , ' in large part because a mobile unit has been traveling around neighborhoods seeking to get more IV drug users into the program . ` It 's that trust factor . You have to gain that trust , and I think we 're slowly starting to do that , ' Combs said . But the future of the Scott County program , as well as the fate of legislation that would allow needle-exchange programs in other counties , is n't clear . The Scott County outbreak has occurred among intravenous drug users and primarily involves the use of the high-powered prescription painkiller Opana , health officials have said . Pence opposes needle exchanges as an anti-drug policy . Senate President Pro Tem David Long said on Thursday that the emergency exchange for Scott County was ` the right reaction ' but was n't sure if it is the correct approach long-term . Nor was he sure whether the Senate would support legislation sponsored by House Public Health Committee Chairman Ed Clere , R-New Albany , that would allow the 23 Indiana counties with the highest rate-per-population of hepatitis C to establish their own needle-exchange programs . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reports that between 50 percent and 90 percent of people with hepatitis C are also infected with HIV . Health officials say because of this , high rates of hepatitis C are a key indicator of needle-sharing and a potential HIV outbreak . The House approved the bill on April 7 in a 54-39 vote , and the measure is scheduled for a hearing on Monday in a House-Senate conference committee , which will try to work out a final version for lawmakers to consider before the Legislature 's April 29 adjournment deadline . Long said Pence is n't alone in his concerns that needle exchanges could promote drug use instead of prevent it . ` At the same time , you adapt and you evolve based on the world we live in , so we 're going to have to see if that requires a pivot for us , ' Long said . Medical waste containers stored in preparation for Scott County residents that are looking to exchange used needles . The needle-exchange program was created through an emergency executive order signed last week by Gov. Mike Pence in an attempt to curb the state 's largest-ever HIV outbreak . Clere said he appreciates Pence 's approval of the short-term needle exchange but that ` it does n't help in other areas of the state that are at risk for a similar outbreak . It 's just not enough . ' He said the association between needle exchanges and illegal drug activity makes many people , including lawmakers , uncomfortable . But he thinks the exchange program should n't be viewed as anti-drug policy , but as ` a proven and effective harm-reduction policy . ' ` We simply ca n't afford to view this as a short-term problem , ' Clere said . Money could also be an issue as lawmakers weigh their options . Since 1989 , the federal government has banned public funding of needle exchange programs . Pence 's executive order did n't include money for the Scott County program . ` They asked the state agencies to find their own money . How sustainable is that ? ' said Dr. Beth Meyerson , co-director of the Rural Center for AIDS/STD Prevention at Indiana University . ` There 's no evidence that the Pence administration is thinking about this in the long term at all . '