Among the green rolling hills in the Larung Gar Valley in China , the last thing you would expect to see in the countryside are thousands of red wooden huts that have been built in a massive cluster . Despite its secluded location it is home to the Larung Gar Buddhist Academy , the world 's largest Buddhist settlement . A vibrant splash of red , this colourful settlement has sprung up in the 1980s and is now a haven for over 40,000 monks and nuns . Larung Gar Buddhist Academy is home to 40,000 monks and nuns , who travel to the settlement of Sertar to study Tibetan Buddhism . The red and brown houses are nearly identical , with one to three rooms per hut and no heating or toilets installed . The settlement is home to 40,000 nuns and monks , who flock to study , attend lectures and dwell in the mountains . Local children gather after class on one of the banks in the hilly religious institution . Monks and nuns are segregated by a winding road . The sprawling settlement , Sertar , sits on elevations of 12,500 ft , and the religious devotees battle harsh climates to study at the remote dwelling . The wooden huts are built so closely together , they look like a red sea spreading up the hilly terrain . Nuns and monks are housed near to their colleges , and separated by age and sex . The segregation of male and female living quarters is marked by a winding road , which weaves through the dense mass of huts . All monks and nuns live close to the college but are housed in different district according the age and sex of students . Prayer forms an important part in the life of the monks who travel from multiple countries to attend lectures and classes in the area . Sky burials are common in the province of Tibet and involve corpses being cut and left for animals to devour . The human bodies are placed on mountaintops in order for the elements or predatory animals , typically vultures , to prey upon it . The majority of Tibetans and many Mongolians adhere to Vajrayana Buddhism , which teaches the transmigration of spirits . They believe after death the body is an empty vessel and there is no need to preserve it . By allowing nature or animals to take command of the body , they are disposing of the remains in the most generous way . In many areas of Tibet and Qinghai , the ground is too hard and rocky to dig a grave , and , due to the scarcity of fuel and timber , sky burials were typically more practical . Conditions are basic , with residents having to share communal toilets , and each unheated hut ranging from one to three rooms in size . An isolated religious haven , Sertar is located around 370 miles from Chengdu , and those wishing to visit have to travel by coach for a gruelling 20 hours . TVs are prohibited at the picturesque retreat , with monks and nuns flocking to benefit from the studies , prayers and lectures ran at the academy . The settlement has grown from a handful of disciples in the 1980s to become one of the largest centres for the study of Tibetan Buddhism . Prayer is undertaken by spinning the decorative prayer wheels which are located around the Buddhist settlement . Monks study after their lessons . Visitors are welcomed into the monastery to learn and witness the classes . Monks pray inside the biggest temple of the town . Inside , children and adults gather on the floor to sing songs . Photographer Wanson Luk journeyed to the secluded location from Chengdu on a 20-hour bumpy coach ride . The 34-year-old Buddhist said the Larung Area has two small guest houses , but as these were occupied , he had to stay near the entrance . He stayed two days at the Buddhist centre , taking part in ceremonies . Luk said that the settlement welcomes everyone , and they maintain their life in the hills from donations and by small businesses like the guest house or small grocery store . Sertar attracts a mix of students from ethnic Chinese students to pupils from Taiwan , Hong Kong , Singapore , and Malaysia . Tibetan monks , also known as lamas , are pictured at a grocery in the Serthar Buddhist Institute in China . ` I was most surprised about how people feel about death , ' Luk said . ` I took part in the sky burial ceremony where there were hundreds or thousands of condors waiting quietly . There were 7 corpses on that day ... one of them was a child . ` During the ceremony a monk will pray then the `` sky burial master '' will start cutting the corpses . When he is done , the condors will all fly to the corpses . ` They believe the more the condors eat , the better it is and they will not eat bad people 's body . ' Nuns travel to school by walking down the steep verges which can peak at nearly three miles high . Snow covers the surrounding hills of the Larung Gar Buddhist Academy , where conditions can be bleak in the winter months . The resplendent Buddhist monastery is the focal feature of the academy , with a wall to prevent monks and nuns from mingling . At the peak close to the town , monks tie colourful prayer flags as a practical sign of their religious devotion . One encounter which struck a chord for Luk was the meeting of a nun who was on her ` no speech day ' . When the photographer was asking how to get to the top of the hill for night shots she resorted to all forms of gestures to try to assist . She ended up taking him around the whole monastery , showing him how to spin the prayer wheels and teaching him how to pray . Although TVs are prohibited in the monastery , iPhones strangely are permitted , with her typing words to instruct him as they went . At night the view of the Serthar Buddhist Institute is magical , with thousands of little lights illuminating the rolling hills . The settlement is also home to a number of Tibetan people who share the land with the monks and nuns . Prayer stones decorate the colourful Buddhist academy , which is only accessible by a long coach journey . Tibetan nuns , also known as lamas , are pictured on a street in the Serthar Buddhist Institute . The sprawling settlement , Sertar , sits on elevations of 12,500 ft , and the religious devotees battle harsh climates to study here . Many of the Buddhists own second-hand iPhone 4s . The incredible academy was established in 1980 in the uninhabited valley by Jigme Phuntsok , an influential lama of the Nyingma tradition . Despite its remote situation , Larung Gar evolved from a handful of disciples to be the largest Buddhist settlement in the world . It attracts a mix of students from ethnic Chinese students to pupils from Taiwan , Hong Kong , Singapore , and Malaysia , who attend separate classes taught in Mandarin , while larger classes are taught in Tibetan .