As the man who brought through the likes of Ryan Giggs , David Beckham and Cristiano Ronaldo , Sir Alex Ferguson knows a thing or two about producing world-class talent . And the former Manchester United boss has tipped Barcelona 's Brazilian star Neymar to be the next man to challenge for the title of world 's best player , competing with Ronaldo and Lionel Messi . But Ferguson says the 23-year-old , who has been a star since joining Barca from Santos in his homeland two years ago , is still some way off . Sir Alex Ferguson has picked Neymar as the player to reach the level of Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo . Neymar is the Brazil captain and has been in superb form for both club and country this season . Since joining Barcelona Neymar has been behind Messi in the pecking order , but he could emerge soon . ` You 'll always look at clubs like Bayern Munich , Barcelona , Real Madrid and Manchester United to produce that kind of player you 're talking about , ' he told radio station SiriusXM FC when asked who can rival Messi and Ronaldo . ` But to be honest I 'm not sure there 's one sticking out at the moment . The boy Neymar gets a lot of publicity about the potential he 's got , but I think that 's still to be seen , still to be fulfilled . ` Certainly , most people I speak to speak highly of the boy . When I had Anderson at United , he spoke volumes about the boy 's ability . ` So hopefully he 'll be the next one who 'll produce the type of talent we see in Messi and Ronaldo . ' Ferguson insisted that there is no standout player capable of rivaling Messi or Ronaldo at the moment . The two stars are undisputedly the top two players in world football , sharing the last seven Ballon d'Ors . The Premier League 's most successful ever manager also backed Real Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti , and revealed that the Italian reached out to Ferguson 's son , Darren , when he was sacked by Peterborough in February . ` Carlo is a top man , ' said Ferguson . ` I was over at the Real Madrid game with Schalke and he was fantastic . ` He came up and he knew Darren had lost his job at Peterborough and said `` Why does n't Darren come and spend a few days at Real Madrid training ? It will do him the world of good '' . ` He was fantastic . I ca n't say enough about that man . He is top drawer - a fantastic human being and a great coach . ` Carlo is one of the best coaches I 've ever come across and one of my biggest opponents , so I would n't worry about his future , that 's for sure . '