Ahead of this weekend 's Premier League action , Sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and Opta stats . Here is all the information you need for Leicester 's home clash with West Ham ... Leicester City vs West Ham United -LRB- King Power Stadium -RRB- . Team news . Leicester City . Matt Upson is out of Leicester 's clash with West Ham as the rock-bottom Foxes continue their fight for survival . The defender limped off in their 4-3 defeat by Tottenham before the international break with an achilles problem and will not be risked . Jeff Schlupp -LRB- right -RRB- trains with Leicester team-mate Wes Morgan on Thursday but could be rested by the Foxes . Dean Hammond -LRB- calf -RRB- is out and Jeff Schlupp will be assessed after he played in Ghana 's 1-1 draw with Mali on Tuesday with boss Nigel Pearson admitting the winger is tired , while Liam Moore has returned from a loan at Brentford . Provisional squad : Schmeichel , Schwarzer , Hamer , Simpson , Moore , Wasilewski , Morgan , Huth , De Laet , Konchesky , King , Knockaert , Albrighton , Schlupp , Cambiasso , James , Mahrez , Nugent , Kramaric , Vardy , Ulloa . West Ham United . West Ham will welcome Winston Reid back from injury for Saturday 's Premier League trip to bottom side Leicester . The New Zealand defender has been struggling with a hamstring problem but worked on his fitness over the international break and is now in contention to face the Foxes . West Ham United 's Winston Reid tackles Tottenham Hotspur 's Mousa Dembele during a 2-2 Premier League clash at White Hart Lane in February . Hammers ' boss Sam Allardyce believes the game will come too soon for Enner Valencia -LRB- toe -RRB- but the Ecuadorian is back in training whilst Andy Carroll -LRB- knee -RRB- , James Tomkins -LRB- shoulder -RRB- and Doneil Henry -LRB- hamstring -RRB- all miss out . Provisional squad : Adrian , Jaaskelainen , Cresswell , Jenkinson , Reid , Collins , O'Brien , Noble , Poyet , Song , Amalfitano , Kouyate , Nolan , Downing , Jarvis , Nene , Sakho , Valencia , Cole . Kick-off : Saturday , 3 pm . Odds -LRB- subject to change -RRB- : . Leicester 7/5 . Draw 11/5 . West Ham 2/1 . Referee : Mark Clattenburg . Managers : Nigel Pearson -LRB- Leicester -RRB- , Sam Allardyce -LRB- West Ham -RRB- . Head-to-head league record : Leicester wins 39 , draws 29 , West Ham wins 51 . Key match stats -LRB- supplied by Opta -RRB- . Leicester have won just one of their last 10 Premier League home matches -LRB- W1 D3 L6 -RRB- . West Ham United are unbeaten in their last seven league games against Leicester City -LRB- W4 D3 L0 -RRB- . The Hammers scored with their only two shots on target in their 2-0 win in the reverse fixture against the Foxes back in December . Sam Allardyce 's team have won none of their last seven Barclays Premier League away matches -LRB- W0 D4 L3 -RRB- . West Ham have kept just one clean sheet in their last 20 Premier League games on the road . Andy Carroll will not feature for West Ham United at Leicester City but he did score in the Hammers ' 2-0 victory over the Foxes back in December . Nigel Pearson 's side have scored just three goals in their last nine Premier League games at the King Power Stadium and have gone five hours and 15 minutes since they lasted netted in front of their own fans . West Ham will be looking to win back to back Premier League games for the first time since December 7th . No ground has seen fewer Premier League goals this season than the King Power Stadium -LRB- 30 , level with Villa Park -RRB- . After scoring five goals in his first five Premier League appearances for Leicester City , Leonardo Ulloa has scored only two in his 23 apps since . Diafra Sakho has scored a league-high five headed goals this season , while only Graziano Pellè -LRB- 25 -RRB- has attempted more headed shots than the Hammer -LRB- 23 -RRB- .