David Cameron embarked on his first proper walkabout of the election campaign today , and was soon told to ` f *** off back to Eton ' . The Tory leader , who has been criticised for a dull campaign featuring a lack of ordinary voters , embarked on a tour of the streets of Alnwick to drum up support for his re-election . But he was reprimanded by one local woman for the ` name-calling ' in the campaign , while a busker with a ukulele sang : ` f *** off back to Eton with all your Eton chums ' . David Cameron embarked on his first proper walkabout of the campaign today in Alnwick , and was greeted by a man with a ukulele singing : ` F *** off back to Eton ' Tory strategists had planned a low-key day while Labour leader Ed Miliband launched his party manifesto in Manchester . Mr Cameron has staged his first on-camera walkabout of the campaign - and was urged to avoid ` name calling ' tactics against Ed Miliband . In an extraordinary attack last week , Defence Secretary Michael Fallon claimed Mr Miliband had stabbed his brother in the back to win the Labour leadership , and was now ` willing to stab the United Kingdom in the back to become prime minister ' by giving up the Trident missile system to secure the support of the SNP . Mr Miliband rounded on the ` desperate smears ' by Mr Cameron 's ` minions ' . Privately senior Tories admitted the attack had backfired , and triggered fresh complaints that it detracted from positive policies on freezing rail fares and volunteering . Today in Alnwick in Berwick-upon-Tweed constituency , one woman told Mr Cameron : ` I do n't like the name calling in politics ... Be a good boy . ' As Mr Cameron spoke to local voters , he was urged to avoid ` name calling ' tactics against Ed Miliband . Despite the heckling , Mr Cameron was repeatedly stopped and asked to pose for selfies - a major feature of the election campaign . The Tory campaign was boosted by a new poll which suggested they have pulled away a six point lead over Labour . During his attempts to meet voters , the Prime Minister bought some sausages at Turnbull 's butchers and chatted with shoppers during the 15 minute stroll . Mr Cameron was joined on his walkabout by Tory candidate Anne-Marie Trevelyan , who is trying to take the seat from the Lib Dems after incumbent Sir Alan Beith stood down . The premier also visited the Icon Plastics factory in Stockton South constituency , where Conservative James Wharton is defending a narrow 322 majority . Mr Cameron has been criticised for failing to engage with ordinary voters , but Tory insiders rejected the accusation . They said Mr Cameron had been on a ` walkabout ' at Barry Island 's seafront in Wales last week , held a ` Cameron Direct ' question and answer session with 150 members of the public and took part in a public hustings in his own constituency at the weekend . The Tory campaign was boosted by a new poll which suggested they have pulled away a six point lead over Labour . The Prime Minister bought some sausages at Turnbull 's butchers and chatted with shoppers during the 15 minute stroll . The ICM survey shows David Cameron 's party on 39 per cent , ahead of Labour on 33 per cent . The new poll , published by The Guardian , had the Liberal Democrats unchanged on 8 per cent , Ukip down two points on 7 per cent and the Greens up three points on 7 per cent . The Conservatives were up 3 per cent in the poll and Labour down 2 per cent . It marks the Tories ' best result in an ICM poll since March 2012 , before the so-called ` omnishambles ' budget .