The ` coupon election ' came in 1918 , while critics branded the 1929 vote - when women first had full suffrage - the ` flapper election ' . And , with just 23 days to go , the 2015 general election looks to be picking up a nickname of its own - the ` selfie election ' . With less than four weeks until the ballot boxes open , politicians have been trying their best to get their faces in as many places as possible - literally - by posing relentlessly for the ubiquitous photos . Cheese : Keen to show he 's not out of touch , David Cameron poses for a selfie in Alnwick , Northumberland . Posing : Nick Clegg has also been getting in on the act with supporters in Maidstone , Kent . Grinning : Labour leader Ed Miliband poses for a selfie with staff during a campaign visit to Airedale Hospital maternity ward in Keighley , Yorkshire , on Saturday . Natural pose : Ukip leader Nigel Farage joins in with the craze on the campaign trail in South Ockenden , Essex . Conservative MPs were told at the start of the campaign to pose for ` selfies ' as often as possible , to increase the party 's exposure on social media websites , such as Facebook and Twitter . Since then , David Cameron has been seen donning cheesy grins on numerous occasions , as he poses beside voters during his country-wide visits . The PM , keen to show he is not out of touch , was seen posing for selfies during his visit to Alnwick , Northumberland , yesterday . But , as these images suggest , it appears the photo-taking craze has left no party untouched , with Ed Miliband , Nick Clegg and Nigel Farage also getting in on the action at every opportunity . This week , Clegg and Farage were both spotted posing with fans on the streets of Maidstone , Kent , and South Ockendon , Essex , respectively . Meanwhile , the grinning Labour leader took took charge of his own selfie shot , as he posed with staff during a campaign visit to Airedale Hospital maternity ward in Keighley , Yorkshire , on Saturday . At it again : Farage also joined three girls for a selfie during a visit to Himley Hall , near Dudley , last week . Snap : Clegg poses with local Lib Dem candidate Tom Brake -LRB- right -RRB- for a selfie in Carshalton , London , today . Game face : Cameron agrees to pose beside a local man on the campaign trail . PR tsars have reportedly told the Tory party to try and pose for as many selfies as possible during the election campaign . Thumbs up : Farage gestures happily to the camera as he poses with a group in the Thanet South constituency . And , so far , the tactic appears to have worked . A quick search of ` selfie election ' on Twitter brings up thousands of tweets , most of which feature the grinning face of one of the party leaders . Last month , a senior Tory source admitted the 2015 General Election could become known as ` the selfie election ' , as party leaders find themselves mobbed by voters on the campaign trail . The source added : ` It is actually more powerful because obviously they will show their friends , post on Facebook . ' He said MPs were also being told to ` use social media as the means to deliver a message ' . Taking the lead : Clegg is the one to press the button during this selfie with Lib Dem candidate for Montgomeryshire Jane Dodds and the family of Jackie Glynn during a visit to Newtown . Beer grin : Farage poses with a fan at the Thanet Beer Festival in Margate , Kent , earlier this month . In demand : He was asked several times to pose for a selfie during the packed-out beer festival . The technique was employed to perfection during the Scottish Referendum , with Alex Salmond often seen stopping to pose for selfies with Yes campaign supporters . At the time , Facebook revealed figures detailing more than 10 million interactions surrounding the referendum in a five-week period . A senior strategist for the Yes campaign said the social media site was the most effective campaigning tool available because it offers access to nearly every voter and allows individuals to spread the messages they want to hear . Do you need a hand ? Cameron offers his advice to a supporter as he poses up for a selfie , while campaigning alonside local Conservative candidate Anne-Marie Trevelyan in Alnwick . Eddie Izzard takes a selfie with a man as he campaigns in support of Labour candidate for Finchley and Golders Green , Sarah Sackman , in Finchley , north London , last week . He 's done this before : London Mayor Boris Johnson stops for a selfie in a shop in Brent Cross , north London .