Assault : Dr Sahar Hussain attacked two Tube workers because she did n't want to miss the last train home . A GP attacked two Tube workers while screaming ` I 'm a doctor ' because she did not want to miss the last train home on a Friday night . Dr Sahar Hussain , 53 , panicked when she was unable to get through the gates at Leicester Square station , and started ranting at staff . She denied assaulting the two workers , saying she was worried about being stranded on her own in central London because she is a Muslim woman . But Hussain has now been found guilty and ordered to pay a total of £ 2,250 in fines , compensation and court costs - and she could face disciplinary action from the General Medical Council . In video footage captured on her own mobile phone , Hussain could be heard to shout : ` I 'm a doctor actually , I work for the NHS . I 'm a doctor . Get me through the gate , I 'm going to miss my train . ' City of London Magistrates ' Court heard Hussain arrived at the station around 11.30 pm on June 20 last year , trying to get home to Woodford Green after socialising with friends in the West End . When she was refused entry by the automatic gates , she demanded that ticket seller Malcolm Shaw let her through before lashing out at his colleague Indira Ramsaroop , who was trying to help . Hussain , originally from Iraq , screamed and shouted at Mrs Ramsaroop as she thrust a camera phone into her face before grabbing her by the arm . The 24-year-old Transport for London worker was then chased by the doctor as she tried to flee to the control room , bumping her head on the way . In the video on Hussain 's phone she was heard shouting : ` This woman is on something , she 's not sober is she ? You 're in work and you 're not sober . Get me through the gate . ' During the scuffle Hussain , a mother of one who helps train GPs at two universities , also grabbed Mr Shaw by the arms , leaving him with scratches . Mrs Ramsaroop was close to tears in court as she told how she had to take almost two weeks off work following the incident , adding : ` I had a lot of sleepless nights . It had an impact on myself with customers when I came back to work . ` I have felt very let down to have been threatened and been running away in my place of work . It actually affected me for a very long time and I got quite ill just at the worrying and fear . ' Row : The assault took place on a Friday night at Leicester Square station in central London . Hussain admitted losing her temper , telling the court : ` I 'm very sorry about the way I expressed myself with my agitation and frustration . ' District Judge Quentin Purdy found her guilty of two counts of assault by beating , saying : ` The evidence is overwhelming . You completely lost your self-control . ` Unusually for the sort of incident this court regularly deals with , there is no hint of intoxication in any way . ` But the explanation is there . You were anxious about missing the last train , concerned about being late for work or unable to work the next day , cultural embarrassment by being left in London as a married Muslim woman . ` It was completely out of character , but as we have all seen , you acted in an unpleasant and hysterical fashion towards numerous members of staff . ' He said she had subjected Mrs Ramsaroop to ` completely unjustified violence ' , as well as ` humiliation ' for falsely suggesting she was intoxicated at work . The judge added : ` You have lost a great deal by your lack of self-control . Your good name is now lost with these two convictions for assault . ' Hussain was fined £ 500 for each assault and ordered her to pay £ 500 compensation to Mrs Ramsaroop , £ 200 to Mr Shaw , £ 500 prosecution costs and a £ 50 victim surcharge .