Jessica Ennis-Hill has revealed she faces her ` biggest challenge ever ' as she attempts to juggle being a mother with winning gold at next year 's Rio Olympics . Britain 's golden girl of athletics is ready to step back on the track nine months after the birth of son Reggie and next month she will take on Katarina-Johnson Thompson , 22 , who has risen to prominence in Ennis-Hill 's absence , winning pentathlon gold at the European Indoor Championships last month and taking her British record . After the inevitable sleepless nights and the weight sessions in her garage to keep up her fitness Ennis-Hill , at 29 , knows she faces a tough return . Jessica Ennis-Hill admits juggling motherhood with her Olympic aspirations poses a big challenge . Ennis-Hill will compete against Katarina Johnson-Thompson in Austria at the end of May . Ennis-Hill wants to be celebrating another medal win at the Rio Games in Brazil in 2016 . A comparison of achievements between Ennis-Hill and Johnson-Thompson . She will race the hurdles at the Great City Games in Manchester in mid-May before a tantalising heptathlon clash against Thompson awaits in Gotzis , Austria on May 30 . ` This year is just about coming back , ' insisted Ennis-Hill yesterday at her English Institute of Sport training base in Sheffield . ` I want to be successful next year . At the Olympics I want to medal . ` It is quite hard to judge because I have never come back from this . I do n't feel like I am a million miles away but I am not 100 per cent sure what it is going to look like when it all comes together . ` This is the hardest challenge ever . I am not just saying that . It was really tough in the lead up to London -LRB- 2012 -RRB- but this is just a whole different ball game . ' Ennis-Hill has not competed at all since the London Anniversary Games of July 2013 , when achilles injury limited her long jump and hurdles performances before curtailing her season . Her last heptathlon was that memorable evening in the Olympic Stadium in 2012 . Reggie would regularly wake up Ennis-Hill and her husband Andy three times a night in the beginning but has settled down recently . ` I love being a mum , it is amazing , and now he has a real personality , ' she said . Ennis-Hill will return to hurdling at the Great City games in Manchester in May . Ennis-Hill pictured with her husband Andy at the 2013 Sports Personality of the Year awards . Ennis-Hill has admitted she has struggled to balance the demands of being a mother with returning to fitness . ` But I 'd be lying if I said there had n't been days when I thought , ` I 'm not sure I want to do this , because this is really , really hard . ' I thought , ` I 've already become Olympic champion . Do I want all the stress again ? ' But I have to give it a go . I do n't want to look back and think , ` Oh , maybe I could have done it . ' She suggested Johnson-Thompson 's continued success -- the Liverpudlian won gold in Gotzis last year -- is an incentive and they could go head to head over seven events in the World Championships in August or in Rio . ` I do think it helps having someone out there doing incredibly well as you want to get back to your best , if not a bit better , ' she added . ` It 's added motivation . It is always sad when your records go but she did amazingly . I 'm happy for her , she 's doing well , but equally I want to be back and competitive . Rio is going to be the time she is at her peak , so it 's interesting . ` All heptahletes have a mutual respect . She 's a nice girl and I hope she says the same about me . There is n't that hate at all . ' Where she does verge towards such sentiment is on discussion of Tatyana Chernova . The Russian beat Ennis-Hill to gold at the 2011 World Championships in Korea but was in January revealed to have failed a drugs test in 2009 . Ennis-Hill admitted the success of Johnson-Thompson has provided an incentive to return to form . Tatyana Chernova -LRB- left -RRB- failed a drugs test two years before beating Ennis-Hill in South Korea in 2011 . Ennis-Hil has written to the IAAF to ask why Chernova has been allowed to keep her world title . She was given a backdated ban and had earlier results annulled -- but kept her world title . Ennis-Hill has written to the IAAF to ask why and bid to get the gold . ` I 'm not happy about how the ban has been handled , ' she said . ` I ca n't really understand it . Frustration is n't a strong enough word . If you are cheating , you 're out . ` I thought I could win gold and came away with a silver . I could have been double world champion . I definitely want that medal . ' Jessica Ennis trains in the adidas Climachill apparel range designed with advanced fabric for maximum cooling , and the adidas Ultra Boost trainers . Both available at www.adidas.co.uk .