Note to all managers : if you 're top striker is misfiring , have a word with Tim Sherwood . He obviously knows the secret of getting them back among the goals . Sherwood , albeit for a short period of time , revived Emmanuel Adebayor 's flagging Tottenham career last season ; now he 's replicating the achievement with Christian Benteke . Christian Benteke heads Aston Villa into the lead against Tottenham in the 35th minute of the game . Benteke celebrates the goal that gave Tim Sherwood 's team the advantage at the end of the first half . Benteke continued his fine form for Villa from Tuesday , where he scored a hat-trick in the 3-3 draw with QPR . Benteke -LRB- second left -RRB- is mobbed by his Villa team-mates after scoring the opening goal against Tottenham . Benteke points to the sky as he led the Villa attack against Tottenham in the Premier League . His success in rejuvenating Benteke , who has scored six goals in eight games , will be viewed as , perhaps , Sherwood 's most vital contribution if Aston Villa win their Premier League survival battle . ` It 's about strikers applying themselves , ' said the Villa boss , fresh from his side 's victory over former club Tottenham . ` Like Ade , when I gave Ade an opportunity to come back into the group at Spurs , he had to earn the right and he did that by the way he trained . Christian 's no different . Tottenham -LRB- 4-2-3-1 -RRB- : Vorm 6 ; Chriches 4.5 -LRB- Yedlin 79 min -RRB- , Dier 6 , Fazio 6.5 , Rose 6.5 ; Mason 6.5 , Bentaleb 6.5 ; Townsend 5.5 -LRB- Lamela 79 -RRB- , Eriksen 6 , Chadli 5.5 -LRB- Soldado 62 , 5 -RRB- ; Kane 6.5 . Subs not used : Paulinho , Friedel , Stambouli , Davies . Booked : Rose , Bentaleb , Lamela . Aston Villa -LRB- 4-3-3 -RRB- : Guzan 7.5 ; Bacuna 7.5 , Clark 6 -LRB- Baker 18 , 7.5 -RRB- , Vlaar 8 , Richardson 7 ; Sanchez 7 , Cleverley 7 , Delph 8 ; Agbonlahor 7 -LRB- Cole 70 , 6.5 -RRB- , Benteke 8.5 , Grealish 7 -LRB- Weimann 63 , 6.5 -RRB- . Subs not used : Okore , N'Zogbia , Given , Lowton . Booked : Richardson , Benteke . Sent off : Sanchez . Scorer : Benteke 35 . Man of the match : Christian Benteke . Referee : Lee Probert 7 . Stat : Since Sherwood took over at Villa striker Christan Benteke is the Premier League 's top goalscorer . ` I think Christian was on the back of being dropped I think when arrived . ` I 've had chats with him , told him what I think of him and how everyone in Europe seemed to want him a year ago , and that does n't just vanish . ` So let 's get him back firing , let 's get him back training properly , and scoring goals . ' Indeed , similar patterns are emerging from Sherwood 's spell as manager at White Hart Lane last season and his current job in the Midlands . In addition to turning Adebayor and Benteke back into Premier League forces he 's brought his fearless approach to blooding youth players with him to Villa Park . Where would the careers of Tottenham pair Harry Kane and Nabil Bentaleb be without Sherwood 's guidance last season ? And we saw further evidence of the manager 's youth-minded attitude as he handed Jack Grealish , 19 , only his second Villa start at a White Hart Lane on Saturday . Not only that but playing the teenager in the influential No 10 role . Villa manager Sherwood was visibly ecstatic at recording the win and getting three points upon the final whistle . Sherwood said : ` We 've got good young players coming through at Villa . Jack Grealish has been given his senior debut and Rushian -LSB- Hepburn-Murphy -RSB- , 16 years of age , is another . ` Jack played in a position where you need maturity but I do n't think he 's fazed . I really mean that . ` If I thought he was going to be a gamble I would n't have done it , but Jack 's got real ability , you can see that . Sherwood handed 19-year-old Jack Grealish -LRB- left -RRB- only his second Villa start at a White Hart Lane on Saturday . ` He 's got a big future at this football club . He 's certainly at the right place . ` So if you 're a young kid coming through , you 're not going anywhere else . You go to Tottenham or come to Villa . ` They 're the two massive football clubs but you 've got two managers who are going to give them an opportunity . ' Villa 's win virtually ended Spurs chances of qualifying for the Champions League . Emmanuel Adebayor -LRB- left -RRB- was rejuvenated in front of goal following the arrival of Sherwood last season . And when asked whether he 'd want another campaign of playing in the Europa League manager Mauricio Pochettino provided an uncommitted answer . ` How would we deal with the Europa League again ? It 's difficult . It has been a very long season . When you do a whole season playing Thursday-Sunday maybe you arrive at the end at very difficult level , ' said the Argentine . ` It 's not easy playing in the Europa League . When you are a young squad and you make the biggest effort during the season maybe you arrive , not physically , but mentally in a very difficult moment at the end of the season . '