An Arkansas woman became a little richer this week after finding a large diamond at Crater of Diamonds State Park . Susie Clark , of Evening Shade , found the 3.69-carat white diamond in a 37.5-acre search field on Thursday , her last day of a trip to the park with her husband . Clark , who first visited the park 33 years ago with her mother and grandmother , prayed to God , asking , ` Are you doing to bless me and let me find a diamond today ? ' as she searched the field . Susie Clark , of Evening Shade , Arkansas , found a 3.69-carat white diamond on a search field at Crater of Diamonds State Park in Arkansas . Clark named the pinto-bean-sized , teardrop-shaped gem a ` hallelujah diamond ' because she spotted the gem shortly after praying that she would find something . And shortly after praying , Clark said she spotted the diamond sticking out of a ridge of plowed dirt , according to Region 8 . She named the teardrop-shaped diamond the Hallelujah Diamond , claiming that her prayer helped her find the gem . Clark plans to keep the pinto-sized diamond , which is the largest diamond of the 122 found in the park this year . Crater of Diamonds State Park holds the only diamond-bearing site accessible to the public , in the form of a large plowed search field . ` The gem is frosted white with a pearlescent metallic shine , ' park interpreter Waymon Cox told Region 8 . ` It 's the largest one found since April 16 , 2014 . ' The search field had just been plowed earlier in the week because the park had seen a lot of rain , Cox said . ` This regular endeavor loosens the diamond-bearing soil which , along with rain erosion , brings more diamonds to the surface and helps park visitors ' chances of finding them , ' he said . Cox added : ` With all the rain we 've been seeing , along with this week 's plowing , there 's a good chance more diamonds will be found on the surface in the days to come . ' Crater of Diamonds State Park has the only diamond-bearing site accessible to the public in the U.S. Clark 's diamond was the largest of the 122 found this year on the 37.5-acre search field .