The fiancé of a beloved Georgia teacher is speaking out about the night the woman died , as her killer , a high school student , faces multiple charges . Alton Hines was waiting for his fiancé , 33-year-old Leah O'Brien at her home on the night of Saturday , April 25 , he told WSBTV . ` I had actually just finished putting on a blazer and a bow tie waiting for her to return , ' he said . Popular : Leah O'Brien was killed when the car she was driving to chaperone the school prom was hit by a vehicle carrying two students also on their way to the dance . Fiancé : O'Brien 's fiancé , Alton Hines -LRB- photographed -RRB- , recently spoke out about the night he found out O'Brien had been killed . Hines was going to escort O'Brien to the Lakeside High School prom . As he waited for his bride-to-be to return , he received a call from O'Brien 's father telling him she had been in a car accident and did n't make it . ` To get a call and find out what had happened , ' Hines told WSBTV . ` I just dropped straight to my knees and started to cry . ' Passengers : O ' Brien -LRB- left -RRB- was driving with her 8-year-old daughter , Kori -LRB- right -RRB- at the time of the crash ; Kori is in a medically-induced coma . Children : The mother-of-two leaves behind two daughters , Kori and Rachel , 10 ; Rachel is staying with relatives . O'Brien , a science teacher at the high school located in the Atlanta Suburb of Decatur died at the scene of the crash that night when a car carrying two students on their way to the prom crashed into her Hyundai Sonata . Her 8-year-old daughter Kori was in the vehicle at the time and suffered serious injuries . She is now in a medically induced coma . O'Brien 's other daughter , Rachel , 10 , is staying with relatives . Driver : Driving the Dodge Charger that killed the beloved teacher was 19-year-old Ramiro Pedemonte . Charges : Decatur police say Pedemonte -LRB- center -RRB- was going over 100 mph when he hit O ' Brien and is now facing multiple charges . Driving the Dodge Charger that killed the beloved teacher was Ramiro Pedemonte . Decatur police say Pedemonte was going over 100 mph when he hit O'Brien . The teen was arraigned Friday on charges including homicide , reckless driving , and serious injury by motor vehicle , according to 11 Alive . Pedemonte was driving with an 18-year-old woman at the time of the crash . Local resident Darnyl Katzinger , who lives near the crash scene , said she raced outside to find the two students in shock . Aftermath : The wreckage of the teacher 's Hyundai Sonata which was hit by the student 's Dodge Charger . Revealed : At the arraignment , it was revealed that Pedemonte was on probation at the time of the accident with a June 2014 charge of of possession with intent to distribute . She told WSBTV : ` They were very distraught . ` Both of them kept repeating , ` why did she have to pull out in front of us ? ' At the arraignment , it was revealed that Pedemonte was on probation at the time of the accident with a June 2014 charge of of possession with intent to distribute , 11 Alive reports . Shock : Grief counselors were on hand at Lakeside High School on Monday . Principal Jason Clyne said the accident was ` beyond my comprehension ' When the judge set Pedemonte 's bail at $ 55,000 , the teen 's relatives hung their heads and cried . Hines said that while he is ` deeply saddened ' for Pedemonte 's situation , the teen took from him someone that he ` truly loved and cared for and that I was planning to spend the rest of my life with , ' WSBTV reports . A funeral for O ' Brien was held Saturday at St. Phillip AME church in southeast Atlanta . The church was filled with flowers , friends , and family members of the popular teacher and mentor . Police are continuing to investigate the accident .