A 1921 application form to join the racist Ku Klux Klan organisation has emerged , which asks ` are you of the white race or of a colored race ? ' The form asks a further 19 questions ranging from the mundane , such as ` what is your age ? ' , to the overtly sinister -- ` Do you believe in White Supremacy ? ' At the top is an introduction implying that it is intended to be sent out to people whose friends have identified them as suitable recruits . Scroll down for video . A 1921 application form to join the racist Ku Klux Klan organisation has emerged . The form was purchased at an ephemera show -- where collectibles are sold -- by Delaware rare book dealer Ian Brabner , whose firm , Rare Americana , buys and sells 18th to early 20th century rare books and historical manuscripts . In a blog post Brabner explained that the numbers ` 8-2-21 ' in the top left corner of the unused form would have stood for the date -- August 2 , 1921 . He wrote : ` You can assume there 's a fair amount of xenophobic sentiment and anxiety about the waves of immigration to America , in 1921 , post World-War One . ` On May 9 , 1921 , this was evidenced when Congress passed the Emergency Quota Act , aka , the Emergency Immigration Act of 1921 to counter the increased immigration to America . ' The form is ominously titled ` Invisible Empire ' , an alternative name for the clan at the time , born from founder Nathan Bedford Forrest 's claim that the group was ` invisible ' . The KKK was founded in 1866 in Tennessee , with Nathan Bedford Forrest becoming the first leader , or grand wizard , in 1867 . Pictured are clan members in 1965 . The KKK 's membership peaked in the 1920s at around four million . Today it 's thought to number in the low thousands . It then says ` we have been requested by one of your personal friends to get in touch with you , and inform you of this organisation ' , before listing 20 questions to be answered . They also include ` do you believe in the principles of a PURE Americanism ? ' , ` are you a gentile or Jew ? ' and ` were your parents born in the United States of America ? ' The KKK was founded in 1866 in Tennessee , with Forrest becoming the first leader , or grand wizard , in 1867 . Its membership peaked in the 1920s at around four million . Today it 's thought to number in the low thousands , with most people affiliated with it living in America 's Deep South . It was recently revealed , meanwhile , that California had more active hate groups than any other state last year . According to the Southern Poverty Law Center -LRB- SPLC -RRB- , California has 57 such groups , followed by Florida with 50 , New York with 44 , New Jersey with 40 , and Pennsylvania with 38 . Rounding out the top five were Texas with 36 hate groups , Tennessee with 29 , Georgia with 28 , and Virginia and Ohio tied with 27 each . Hawaii and Alaska were the only states to not have any hate groups , according to the SPLC . The organization said on its website ` All hate groups have beliefs or practices that attack or malign an entire class of people , typically for their immutable characteristics . ` This list was compiled using hate group publications and websites , citizen and law enforcement reports , field sources and news reports . ` Websites appearing to be merely the work of a single individual , rather than the publication of a group , are not included in this list , ' the organization wrote . ` Listing here does not imply a group advocates or engages in violence or other criminal activity . ' Nationally , the SPLC said in its ` The Year in Hate and Extremism ' report , which was published online this spring , that there were a total 784 active hate groups in the US . The non-profit said there were 72 Ku Klux Klan groups , 142 neo-Nazi groups , 115 White Nationalist groups , 119 racist skinhead groups , 21 Christian identity groups , 37 neo-confederate groups , 113 black separatist groups , and 165 general hate groups .