What would high fashion adverts look like if the designers used real women , rather than teenage models or celebrity faces , to showcase their latest clothing and beauty lines ? Photo stylist Nathalie Croquet , from Paris , has recreated a series of glossy commercials for her project SPOOF . The exhibition includes parodies of ads from Givenchy , Lancome , Lanvin and Acne . In the images Nathalie has recreated the adverts completely , from the clothes the model wears , to the poses , make-up , hair colour and surroundings . Scroll down for video . Lancome : Nathalie Croquet a photo-stylist from Paris created a photo series called SPOOF in which she recreated the ads of famous designers and brands . Natalie said : ` SPOOF is an artistic project of 11 photos , we did an exhibition in February in Paris with my pictures in a big size . ` I had the idea in October and we worked on it for two months . I have worked in the fashion business as a photo stylist for magazines and advertising for 25 years . ` So I am the person who has ideas for ad campaigns . It was a strange idea for for me to be on the other side of the camera ! ' During the course of her career Nathalie has worked with over 200 different photographers on various campaigns . ELEVENPARIS : In this image a smiling Nathalie emulates the pose Kate Moss adopted for the French brand . Lanvin : The series of pictures took two months to create and Nathalie said it was interesting to be on the other side of the camera . Nathalie said that the project helped her to understand her job on a deeper level : ` By changing role I discovered my craft from another angle . ' She said that she hoped the humour in the images would provide people with the opportunity for , ` laughter and reflection . ' She told Buzzfeed : ` I do n't really see myself . You know , like how you do n't recognize your voice in a telephone message ? ' Eric Bompard : Just like the real life adverts Nathalie 's pictures were retouched , for example her eye colour was changed to blue for this Eric Bompard-inspired shoot . Acne Studios : Nathalie copied the hair , make-up and poses from the original shots . She continued : ` I feel people need a more spiritual approach to life , and good fun . I 'm happy to give them that , even if I 'm just making fun of myself . ' Daniel Schweizer the photographer who shot the images said : ` Most of the time we look at advertising images without analysis , without fully perceiving the extent that they have been worked on . ` Changed clothes and accessories , digital retouching , skin cleansed , faked decor , body stretched ; it is only when we take a closer look at these images that we get the full measure . Their apparent simplicity is the result of a huge job . ' Isabel Marant : For this shoot only Nathalie 's boots were different from those worn by Gisele Bundchen in the real thing . The brazilian supermodel posed on the floor in this black and white Isabel Marant advert . For the project Nathalie had her hair and make-up professionally styled so that her look completely resembled that of the famous models in the advertising images . Her make-up was done by Cyril Nesmon whilst Rodolphe Farmer styled her hair . And just like the real adverts the images were retouched by Emilie Holtz and worked on by Alexandre Plicque-Gurlitt . Sonia Rykiel : Nathalie recreates this shot with a similar looking background to the one used in the original . Voltaire : Nathalie says that she hopes that her pictures will make people laugh and reflect .