Nicola Sturgeon today threatened to ` change the direction ' of the UK parliament without even becoming an MP as the SNP stepped up its demands on Labour . The SNP leader insisted she would call the shots in the event of a hung parliament , even though she is not even standing for election to the Commons . And she vowed to use the influence of dozens of MPs to get her way for the next five years without voting down the government . Scroll down for video . SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon , pictured today in Kilmarnock , insisted she would call the shots in the event of a hung parliament , even though she is not even standing for election to the Commons . Ms Sturgeon said that Mr Miliband will ` have to reflect how people have voted and they will have to on a practical level be prepared to talk to others and compromise with others in order to get their policies through ' Ms Sturgeon has made clear she would act to ` lock ' the Tories out of power and prop up a Labour government . The SNP have enjoyed a surge in popularity since September 's referendum on independence , despite 55 per cent of people voting stay in the UK . A new opinion poll by TNS puts the SNP on 54 per cent , up two points on two weeks ago , with Labour down two points to 22 per cent . Labour now faces the prospect of near-wipeout north of the border , robbing Ed Miliband of his chances of an overall majority . However , Ms Sturgeon has made clear she would act to ` lock ' the Tories out of power and prop up a Labour government . Both sides have ruled out a formal coalition , and yesterday Mr Miliband said he had ` made it clear we 're not interested ' in deals , such as a ` confidence and supply ' arrangement where the SNP would agree to back Labour on important votes such as the Budget . But Ms Sturgeon insists that after polling day , Labour will be forced to do as she says . ` Ed Miliband can say what he wants right now , he 's entitled to do so , but he ca n't deny reality , ' she told BBC Radio 4 's Today programme . ` If there is a situation after the election where neither of the big parties has a majority they will have to reflect how people have voted and they will have to on a practical level be prepared to talk to and compromise with others in order to get their policies through . ` Now , whether that 's as part of a formal deal , or on an issue-by-issue basis it gives parties like the SNP enormous clout and enormous influence . ' A new opinion poll by TNS puts the SNP on 54 per cent , up two points on two weeks ago , with Labour down two points to 22 per cent . Support for the SNP has soared since the independence referendum in September , when 55 per cent of people voted against leaving the UK . Labour leader Ed Miliband , arriving at the Arc Arts Centre in Stockton-on-Tees with local candidate Louise Baldock , said he had ` made it clear we 're not interested ' in deals , such as a ` confidence and supply ' arrangement where the SNP would agree to back Labour on important votes such as the Budget . A briefing by Lord Mandelson 's company suggests the SNP will be the real winners of the election . The SNP will emerge as the winners from the general election whatever happens on May 7 , Peter Mandelson 's firm has warned . Global Counsel , the consultancy chaired by the former Labour Cabinet minister , warns Labour will be pulled to the left if SNP calls the shots . ` Labour may be wary of the SNP , because it knows an arrangement with the party could annoy some English voters , but it may have little choice if it is to form the next government , ' the company said in a pre-election briefing . Analyst Gregor Irwin says the SNP will have ` maximum leverage ' soon after the election and will seek to ` pull the Labour party to the left , away from the centre ground of English politics ' . ` This will include pushing Labour towards higher public spending , ' he adds . The company has made clear that the document are the personal views of Mr Irwin , a former chief economist to the foreign office . She insisted that she will lead any talks with the next UK government , despite the fact that she is not standing as an MP . Angus Robertson is currently the SNP leader in Westminster , while Alex Salmond -- who is set to return to the Commons -- had also been viewed as a potential powerbroker . Ms Sturgeon made clear that she will be in charge : ` I am the leader of the SNP and therefore if there are discussions to be had after the election , I will lead those . ` I am the leader of the SNP and people voting SNP know that and I do n't think are under any illusions about that . ' Polls continue to suggest that neither Labour or the Tories will get an overall majority , leaving them to rely on smaller parties to form a government . Ms Sturgeon said that Mr Miliband will ` have to reflect how people have voted and they will have to on a practical level be prepared to talk to others and compromise with others in order to get their policies through ' . She added : ` Under the Fixed Term Parliaments Act it is possible for other parties to change the direction of a government without bringing a government down . That gives enormous influence . ' The SNP leader rejected the suggestion that her party was more austere than Labour , insisting ` every single penny ' had been passed on from grants to the health service . Ms Sturgeon said : ` We are putting forward as part of our anti-austerity argument the fact we would vote for considerable increases in health spending across the UK to meet the terms of the Stevens Report and ensure as we go into the next decade the health service is properly equipped to face up to the challenges it will meet . ' She added : ` As long as Westminster decisions affect Scotland it matters to the SNP and it matters to Scotland that those decisions are good decisions , to we have a vested interest in making sure the politics at Westminster is better politics . ' Tory Defence Secretary Michael Fallon said : ` When Ed Miliband 's biggest union paymaster is saying that he will be forced to do deals with the SNP , it 's no surprise that Nicola Sturgeon knows she will be pulling Ed Miliband 's strings if he gets into Downing Street . ` Working people will pay the price for an Ed Miliband government that 's propped up by the SNP -- through more debt , more borrowing and more taxes . ' Green Party leader Natalie Bennett has had to pull out of her party 's housing policy campaign launch after losing her voice . Green Party leader Natalie Bennett has had to pull out of her party 's housing policy campaign launch after losing her voice . Ms Bennett - who had been due to set out her party 's plans to control rents during a visit to a south London housing estate - was said to be `` resting '' ahead of her battle bus launch tomorrow . Earlier she dismissed suggestions that Labour had stole their thunder , dismissing their proposals as a `` watered down '' version of what the Greens are offering . She told BBC Breakfast : `` We need to move away from thinking of homes primarily as financial assets and go back to thinking they are safe places for people to live . '' The Greens would also abolish right to buy , she said , and build 500,000 social homes on brownfield sites over the course of the next parliament . The party would link a cap on annual rent increases to the consumer price index , as part of a package of measures to make the private rented sector fairer for tenants . It is also calling for a Living Rent Commission to investigate ways to bring rent levels down . Ms Bennett said : `` At the moment , the private rental market is structured in a way that benefits landlords over tenants , and treats homes as investment vehicles . `` As more people rent , rather than own , their homes , it is vital that we correct this imbalance . `` Keeping rent rises in line with inflation will reduce poverty and allow tenants a better standard of living . We also need to look in to all options for cutting rent . That 's why we 're calling for a Living Rent Commission to tackle our housing crisis . '' It is not the first time the Greens ' campaign plans have gone awry - the party twice had to postpone a poster launch while earlier this year Ms Bennett suffered a `` brain fade '' during a radio interview in which she struggled to explain her party 's policies .