Borussia Dortmund coach Jurgen Klopp does not expect any particular reaction from his players or the fans to his announcement that he will be leaving the club in the summer . Klopp revealed on Wednesday that he will not be fulfilling the remainder of his contract , which was due to expire in 2018 . Instead , he will be terminating his agreement with the Westphalians in the summer to seek a new challenge , but he has vowed to win as many games as he can before bringing his seven-year reign to an end . Jurgen Klopp -LRB- centre -RRB- speaks to Mats Hummels -LRB- left -RRB- during Borussia Dortmund 's Thursday training session . The Borussia Dortmund coach leads the team 's training session as they prepare for a German league match against Paderborn this weekend . And he expects the players to do the same , insisting they will be fully focused for Saturday 's Bundesliga clash with Paderborn . ` We can draw strength from this story together , ' Klopp said at Thursday 's press conference . ` We 've always been able to find reasons to do something quite special . ' Klopp relayed the reactions of the players to his decision to the assembled press , saying : ` Nobody applauded me - so I guess that 's a good thing . You need a moment to deal with such information , which is why I did n't really assess much of what happened in training -LRB- on Wednesday -RRB- , but that 's over now . Klopp announced his departure from Borussia Dortmund on Wednesday after seven years . Klopp said he believed Dortmund needed a change of manager , but has urged his team to keep smiling . ` I want to see the players smiling , even if then somebody might write that the players are glad Klopp 's leaving . ' The fans will have had a few days to digest the news too , by the time Dortmund run out at the Westfalenstadion on Saturday , and Klopp expects the atmosphere to be no different to usual . ` If somebody feels they need to give me or my coaching team three cheers , then they would be wrong , ' he added . Klopp has already been linked with a number of leading clubs around Europe . Klopp won the Bundesliga title twice during his seven years as Dortmund manager . ` I do n't expect it and I do n't need it . The important thing is that they get behind the team for 90 minutes . ' Earlier on Thursday , Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger refused to add to the speculation over whether Klopp 's next assignment will be in the Barclays Premier League . Klopp insisted on Wednesday that he had had no contact with any clubs , but stressed he did not plan to take an extended time-out from the game . The German has been installed as favourite to replace the under-fire Manuel Pellegrini at Manchester City , but Wenger was keen not to add fuel to the fire when quizzed on the matter . ` I 'm not an agency to place managers and I like every manager and respect everybody , but I find that circus a bit ridiculous , ' the Frenchman said . On whether Klopp would suit Arsenal , Wenger said : ` I already answered this question . ' Wenger does not believe Dortmund players will necessarily look to follow the charismatic 47-year-old out of the Westfalenstadion . The emotion was clear to see as Klopp announced he was leaving the club at a Wednesday press conference . Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger branded the ` circus ' around Klopp 's decision as ` ridiculous ' ` It 's down to every club to make the right decision and to respect Dortmund , ' he said . ` Dortmund is a massive club and will survive , and has the ability to keep their best players . ` They have a big history linked with great results and great achievements , so I do n't think that will stop for Dortmund . ' Klopp has enjoyed a hugely successful spell in charge of Dortmund since taking over in 2008 , leading the club to two Bundesliga titles , DFB-Pokal success and the Champions League final . This season has been more of a struggle , with the club battling it out at the bottom end of the league for much of the campaign and currently sitting 10th . Asked about any advice he would give to foreign managers heading to the Premier League , Wenger replied : ` Try to get your ideas through and adapt as well to the local culture , and respect it . '