It is billed as the most important meal of the day and many people grade a restaurant on the quality of their bacon and eggs on offer . But after fierce competition and testing , experts have ruled the the best breakfast is available from your local Morrisons . The supermarket beat major hotel , restaurant and pub chains to achieve the title of Britain 's Best Breakfast . Morrisons has been named the best place to get breakfast in the UK - beating restaurants , pubs and hotels to win the title - with its Big Breakfast -LRB- pictured -RRB- one of the most popular items on its extensive morning menu . It was picked out by judges of the Menu Innovation and Development Awards -LRB- MIDAS -RRB- for its value for money , food quality and customer satisfaction . Richard Jones , Morrisons Head Chef , said : ` The Great British breakfast is a national institution , so to be voted the nation 's best is an honour . ` The secret of our success is offering shoppers a good selection of fresh breakfast items to please all tastes - granola and porridge have become very popular in recent times , and of course there 's nothing like the breakfast of champions , the Full English . ' The supermarket chain offers a variety of breakfasts from porridge with red berries to its infamous Big Breakfast for £ 4.50 . Morrisons was named best in the breakfast category , beating Wetherspoons and Bella Italia which were shortlisted for the awards . Last year the award went to Intercontinental Hotels which charges £ 28 for its cooked breakfast at its 5-star London Park Lane hotel . And the year before Macdonald Hotels won the accolade . A full English at its 4-star Macdonald Manchester Hotel and Spa costs £ 19.50 . Mystery shoppers tried breakfasts at restaurants , pubs and hotels nationwide to name Morrisons the winner . The MIDAS awards were launched to recognise the efforts of food development managers in major restaurant and food service chains , and previous winners include the Marriott and InterContinental hotel groups . As part of the judging process organisers send a team of ` mystery shoppers ' to try the breakfast menu at all competing venues - from croissants and bacon rolls to the Full English . They then score each menu in terms of value for money , food quality and customer expectation levels . Morrisons ' 400 in-store cafes , which serve breakfast until 4 pm . Nationwide they sell 100,000 Big Breakfasts a week , and also stock vegetarian options . Morrison 's nationwide sell around 10,000 of their signature ` Big Breakfast ' a week . This has : . 3 x rashers of British Market St. Bacon . 1 x British Market St. Sausage . 1 x Egg -LRB- choice of Fried , Scrambled or Poached -RRB- . 2 x Hash Browns . Heinz Baked Beanz . Mushrooms . Fried Tomato . Fried Bread . Served with red or brown sauce . Simon Peat , of award organisers Inside Foodservice , said : ` Our judges were dispatched to three Morrisons across the country , to try the full range of items on the menu , and they scored top marks each time . Morrisons is the best place for breakfast . ` As the saying goes , breakfast is the most important meal of the day - and there 's lot of prestige within the industry to be named as the home of the best breakfast in the UK . ' British breakfast staples have enjoyed a boost in popularity recently - with sales of British back bacon and eggs increasing . In 2013 British bacon producers exported over £ 33million worth of the meat to nearly 70 countries , with another £ 1.3 million worth of black pudding sold to foreign countries including Spain , Ireland and Norway . Eggs were exported to 57 countries .