Teachers complained they are now expected to be ` frontline stormtroppers ' in the fight against Islamist extremism in school , a conference has heard . They said they are now being forced to spy on children during sensitive discussions as a result of new-counter terrorism rules . The National Union of Teachers -LRB- NUT -RRB- suggested that Government strategies designed to tackle extremism and terrorism have instead ` shut down debate ' in schools . Teachers said they now feel nervous discussing controversial issues over fears they will be pressured to report youngsters who share their opinions . They also claimed young people feel unable to express there views on certain subjects , such as the Charlie Hebdo killings , for fear of being branded an extremist . Scroll down for video . Christine Blower , NUT general secretary , said there is a need keep a ` safe space ' for discussion . Jan Nielsen , an NUT member from Wandsworth , south-west London , said : ` We have to be clear that we are being put in the position where we are really being expected to be the frontline stormtroopers , who listen , who spy , and notify the authorities about students that we may be suspicious of . ' The conference heard an example of a student being pulled aside after prayers one Friday because children coming out of the prayer room were talking about extremism , despite the fact that the boy had put a strong argument against joining jihadi groups . In another case , a boy who applied to go to Pakistan to visit his dying grandfather had his laptop taken from him and searched , with three potential examples of the youngster viewing jihadi websites found . When the pupil was questioned , he asked how he could argue against something if he did not understand it . In response , the pupil 's non-Muslim classmates questioned why they would not be seen as suspicious if they applied to visit their grandparents in Holland , the conference was told . Delegates at the annual conference in Harrogate , North Yorkshire , raised concerns about the move to require schools to promote fundamental British values as well as the Government 's Prevent strategy , which is aimed at tackling extremism . The strategy suggests school staff can help to identify and refer youngsters whose behaviour suggests that they are being drawn into extremism or terrorism . Alex Kenny , of the union 's executive , described Prevent as a ` blunt instrument that will do damage and inhibit debate in schools ' , adding that Ofsted should be allowed ` nowhere near these issues ' . Ofsted now checks that schools are actively promoting British values like tolerance and democracy as part of regular inspections . In the wake of attacks on the Charlie Hebdo journalists there were , in some schools , Muslim pupils who did not feel they could say they were offended by the newspapers cartoons . Mr Kenny said : ` We live in a damaged and volatile world , and like us , young people are trying to make sense of it , like us , they 're trying to come to conclusions about cause , effect and solutions , and like us they want a space to discuss it . ` Schools are places where that discussion , on ethical and political issues should take place , in an environment of enquiry , and it may be an environment where young people say things we do n't like , or say things that concern us that we want to address with them , that we want to discuss with them . ` But Prevent conflates a notion of British values and an elastic notion of non-violent extremism that is shutting down that debate . ' He added : ` We have measures to deal with safeguarding , we have child protection measures , we do n't need Prevent and we do n't need to involve the police as the first instance . ` We are hearing young people telling teachers that they do n't want to discuss things , that they do n't want to discuss what happened with the Charlie Hebdo shootings , young people who were offended by the Charlie Hebdo cartoons , but saying they do n't want to say it in class , they do n't want to say it in schools . The conference heard that Prevent was shutting down debate in schools . ` Prevent is shutting down debate and we must oppose it and we must say schools are places where children and teachers should be allowed to discuss these issues . ' To loud applause , delegates passed a resolution which includes an amendment calling on conference to confirm it believes ` that schools should be places where young people can discuss events in a spirit of enquiry and openness , and that teachers are well-placed to facilitate such discussions and deal with the expression of unacceptable viewpoints ' . A Conservative spokesman said : ` Teaching about the fundamental British values of democracy , the rule of law , individual liberty and tolerance and respect for others is part of our promotion of British values , and is at the heart of what every school has to deliver for children . ` We want all schools to promote these values throughout the curriculum , not just as a bulwark against extremism , but as a vital part of preparing young people to get on in life . ' He added : ` Our guidance makes it clear that no teacher or school leader should feel unable to talk about difficult or sensitive issues - indeed teaching about fundamental British values actively encourages such discussions - but no-one should be using a school to promote views , opinions or beliefs that discriminate against other people on the basis of their background . '