These are the incredible shots of the American Southwest that a photographer captured with a fairly common lens - that of his iPhone , to be exact . Armed with just his phone and a sleeping bag , Kevin Russ hopped trains , dumpster dived for leftovers and slept in ditches as he photographed the lifestyle of a nomad down South . Russ traveled from California to Colorado , making his way through Arizona , Texas and New Mexico . Scroll down for video . Austin , Texas : These are the incredible shots of the American Southwest that Kevin Russ has captured with just his iPhone . A nap in Texas : Armed with just his phone and a sleeping bag , Russ hopped trains , dumpster dived for leftovers and slept in ditches as he photographed the lifestyle of a nomad down South . Russ traveled from California to Colorado , making his way through Arizona , Texas and New Mexico . The photographer said he was initially ` fearful and unsure ' when his friend Levi approached him with the idea , but did n't let that stop him from the new adventure . Those are some of my favorite reasons for doing stuff lately , ' he told Peta Pixel . And Russ said he was immediately excited to embrace the ` nostalgic way of travel ' , which he documented on his Tumblr . The traveling photographer has clocked tens of thousands of miles in the last couple of years as he 's journeyed across the country to take photographs . The photographer said he was initially ` fearful and unsure ' when his friend Levi approached him with the idea , but did n't let that stop him from the new adventure . Kirby , Texas : And Russ said he was immediately excited to embrace the ` nostalgic way of travel ' . The photographer has clocked tens of thousands of miles in the last couple of years as he 's journeyed across the country to take pictures . ` I started going for a week or two at a time in my car and then coming back home , ' he said . ` Until I realized I could keep going out and not come back ever , if I wanted to ' Russ lived in his car for a year as he took photographs of the Great American West on his iPhone in 2013 , and soon became a huge hit onInstagram . But it was n't fame that Russ was seeking when he first began his travels . He simply wanted to get out of the house . Russ said he began roaming the country after he bought a house and ` did n't leave it ' for two years . ` I started going for a week or two at a time in my car and then coming back home , ' he said in a Timberland interview . ` Until I realized I could keep going out and not come back ever , if I wanted to . ' New Mexico : Russ said he also realized ` how little ' he needed to ` be happy and just to live ' . ` As long as I could eat and have stuff to wear , I do n't need a whole lot else , ' he said . East Arizon : Russ , from Portland , began using the iPhone when prints from his digital camera kept getting rejected . As a test , he submitted the same shot , but photographed by his iPhone.After it was accepted , and someone bought the picture the next day , Russ decided to ` try and make a living with shooting iPhone pictures ' Russ has found that the iPhone is especially convenient on the road , allowing him to process all his photos from one device . Russ said he also realized ` how little ' he needed to ` be happy and just to live ' . ` As long as I could eat and have stuff to wear , I do n't need a whole lot else , ' he said . But one thing Russ is always carrying is his iPhone . Russ , from Portland , began using the iPhone when prints from his digital camera kept getting rejected . As a test , he submitted the same shot , but photographed by his iPhone . After it was accepted , and someone bought the picture the next day , Russ decided to ` try and make a living with shooting iPhone pictures , ' he said on Last Call With Carson Daly . Colton , California : Russ said he likes that , with the iPhone , he does n't have to be behind a computer at all . ` I 'd just rather be out shooting ' During his travels across the American Southwest , Russ journeyed with other nomads . Russ said the iPhone also makes it fun to create work . After he 's done editing his photos , he uploads them on Society6 , where they 're sold as prints . Russ has gone to great lengths to capture the perfect picture , whether that means hanging out with moose for two days straight or taking a seven hour ATV ride to reach a spot in Alaska where planes are n't allowed to fly . Russ has found that the iPhone is especially convenient on the road , allowing him to process all his photos from one device . ` I do n't have to be behind a computer at all , I 'd just rather be out shooting , ' he said in a vimeo interview . Russ said the iPhone also makes it fun to create work . After he 's done editing his photos , he uploads them on Society6 , where they 're sold for $ 20 as prints . The photographer lists wildlife as his favorite thing to shoot and has gone to great lengths to capture the perfect picture , whether that means hanging out with moose for two days straight or taking a seven hour ATV ride to reach a spot in Alaska . But Russ said he does n't generally approach his pictures with a specific shot or subject in mind . ` When I 'm looking for a picture , it 's not always what I 'm seeing but what I 'm feeling when I 'm out in nature , ' he told Society6 . ` That 's what I 'm trying to capture , are the feelings that I have when I 'm in a particular place . ' Austin , Texas : Russ said he does n't generally approach his pictures with a specific shot or subject in mind . When I 'm looking for a picture , it 's not always what I 'm seeing but what I 'm feeling when I 'm out in nature , ' he said . Russ said that instead , he tries to capture ` the feelings that I have when I 'm in a particular place . '