Cristiano Ronaldo looked in formidable form as he showed off his array of skills ahead of Real Madrid 's Champions League quarter-final against city rivals Atletico . The World Player of the Year pulled off a selection of back-heels and fancy flicks during Monday 's training session , wowing forward partner Karim Benzema and sending Luka Modric to the floor . Real looked in good spirits after a successful weekend , during which they cut the gap to La Liga leaders Barcelona to just two points , and the European Champions were further boosted by the return from injury of Wales winger Gareth Bale . Cristiano Ronaldo pulls a face at Brazilian left back Marcelo during Real Madrid training on Monday morning . Ronaldo nonchalantly controls the ball with his heel as Karim Benzema looks on impressed . The Portuguese star was in the mood to show off his stunning skills as Real prepared for the Madrid derby . Ronaldo applauds a team-mate as Luka Modric watches on ahead of Tuesday 's Champions League clash . Portuguese defender Pepe claimed the success in the league will give Real a boost ahead of Tuesday 's first leg , a repeat of last year 's Champions League final . ` The two point -LSB- gap -RSB- gives us a lift , ' he told AS ahead of the game . ` We will fight until the end , because that 's just what we did to win La Decima . ` We must play against -LSB- Atletico Madrid -RSB- with intensity and humility , which is how we are playing now and how we did before the international break . We have to learn from our mistakes . ' The Ballon d'Or winner keeps the ball away from James Rodriguez during a drill in Real Madrid training . Carlo Ancelotti is likely to call on his forward trio of Ronaldo , Benzema and Gareth Bale against Atletico . Bale missed out on Saturday 's win over Eibar with an injury , but was back in training on Monday . Ronaldo jokes with compatriot Pepe as the Real Madrid stars looked to be enjoying themselves in training . Ronaldo controls the ball as Modric topples over backwards after doing the splits during the session . The two Madrid sides have already met six times this season , with Real yet to record a victory , losing both league matches , and twice being defeated on aggregate in cup competitions . However , Real are seven points clear of their rivals in the La Liga table , and will be confident ahead of their trip to the Vicente Calderon . Real will hope Bale , Benzema and Ronaldo can help reverse their shocking run against their rivals this year . James Rodriguez and Pepe are put through their paces as Real prepared for Tuesday 's crucial showdown . Sergio Ramos hugs Fabio Coentrao as their team-mates watch on during Monday 's session in Madrid .