Australian shoppers will no longer be offered second best a season late . As of Wednesday 22nd April , department store Myer will be holding a unprecedented designer sale sure to melt the plastic cards of fashionistas in Melbourne , Sydney , Brisbane and Perth , in a bid to keep up with international retailers . The department store , which stocks top end Australian labels including Alex Perry , Toni Maticevski , Lisa Ho as well as international labels Balmain , DKNY and Alexander McQueen , will see a departure from premium price tags in order to make way for the latest collections in store . Sale season : Myer has announced it is holding a 75 per cent of designer label sale from Wednesday 22nd . The move by Myer comes at a time when there is a greater need than ever to bridge the gap between online and overseas retailer pricing . The department store is understood to have brokered deals to stock international designer collections at the same time as European and American retailers . Sydney shoppers get set : The Sydney CBD will be one of a few selective Myer stores to hold a designer sale . Shoppers heaven : Myer has mark downs between 65-75 per cent off designer shoes , accessories and clothes . This , fortunately for Australian shoppers , means making way for new season collections by slashing the prices of current season stock - at a staggering 75 per cent off . With Bernie Brookes , the CEO of Myer stepping down last month , this move is said to be the influence of new chief Richard Umbers , in an attempt to revive the iconic department store 's Australian market . Catwalk to credit card : Balmain -LRB- left -RRB- and Nina Ricci -LRB- right -RRB- will be some of the designer brands on sale . ` We think our customers are going to be very excited by this opportunity , ' Myer 's Karen Brewster , told The Daily Telegraph . Aside from clothing , the sale will also see a generous 70 per cent of designer accessories and footwear and 65 per cent of designer handbags and wallets prices across labels including Emilio Pucci , Marc by Marc Jacobs , See by Chloe , Jean Paul Gaultier , McQ Alexander McQueen , Moschino , Balmain and DKNY . The sale will run from Wednesday 22nd until Sunday 26th or until sold out . CBD hot spot : CBD Myer stores including Sydney -LRB- pictured -RRB- , Melbourne , Brisbane and Perth will have sales .