Three generations of one family were saved from their car last week by a police officer seconds before the vehicle was pulled out to sea in Washington State . Peter Reece , his fiancee , baby daughter and mother from Kent were parked on an Ocean Shores beach on Thursday around 7 pm in their new Nissan Infiniti when their tires got stuck in the sand . Reece told police that he and his family had been driving on the beach when they stopped on the edge of the surf to look at the water . Peter Reece , his fiancee , mother and six-month-old daughter were parked on an Ocean Shores , Washington , beach on Thursday when the tide came in and trapped the family . The wheels of the car sunk into the wet sand , so they were unable to move . Reece and his fiancee got out of the car , but his mother and daughter were trapped inside . In Ocean Shores there are roads that lead on to beach approaches , where drivers can go from road to beach . Reece and his family parked near the West Chance ala Mer beach approach . Reece said that the tide was 30 feet from where they were parked , but within a few minutes it had already reached so far up that it was hitting their car . The tires sunk into the wet sand and the family was unable to drive away , according to KXRO . ` There were waves coming back to back and crashing against the car like really loud and really hard , ' Reece told Komo News . Reece and his fiancee were able to get out of the car , but the grandmother and child were stuck in the car because the wet sand surrounding them was keeping the doors shut . Seconds after Ocean Shores police officer Kyle Watson saved the grandmother and baby , a wave hit the car , flipping it and pulling it out to sea . The car was recovered shortly after the incident and a bulldozer was used to flip it on its right side before it was towed to the road . ` I was just trying to get us out as quickly as possible because I know when the tide gets higher it takes everything with it , ' Reece said . Ocean Shores police arrived on scene , finding Reece in the car with his mother and six-month-old baby , according to KBKW . Officer Kyle Watson had to force the door to the car open because the car had sunken so far into the wet sand . He helped the woman and baby out of the car and led them up the beach . Reece was able to get out on his own . They were only about 20 feet up the beach when another wave hit and lifted the car up into the water , flipping it on to its roof . ` And another wave hit and the car was on its top . So if we stayed in 30 second longer we would have been upside down , ' Reece said . After being lifted up by the sea , the car eventually beached and had to be flipped by a bulldozer , before it was taken back to the road by a tow truck . Tow truck driver Christopher Macasieb , who helped get the car out of the sand , said that the car kept rolling on to its side because of the waves . In Ocean Shores there are roads that lead on to beach approaches , where drivers can go from road to beach , which is how the Reece family made their way to the surf . Police officer Paul Henderson said that because of the approaches , beached cars are not an uncommon problem in the city . ` It 's unfortunate because it is a brand new car . But cars can be replaced . Lives cant , ' he said . The Reece family , too , said they were grateful that all that was lost was the car . Ocean Shores officer Paul Henderson told Daily Mail Online that because there are beach approaches for people to drive on to , having cars get stuck in the sand is a somewhat common issue . ` You 're allowed to park and drive on the beach within certain areas . Usually people are more aware of the tides , ' Henderson said , adding that the Reece family was close to the surf . He said that some cars have gone out so far into the water that they have to be recovered at a later time . But the Reeces ' car was recovered ` a short time later ' . The car flipped on the Ocean Shores beach just before 7 pm on Thursday . Henderson said that cars are allowed to drive and park on the sand in some areas of the beach . Police arrived on scene within minutes of getting a call about the trapped Reece family . The entire family was able to get out of the car before waves took the vehicle away .