Ed Miliband -LRB- pictured yesterday at the Shree Swaminarayan Temple , north London -RRB- is pressing on with his controversial cap rents , despite warnings from experts that plans will backfire . Labour 's plans to impose rent controls are ` economically illiterate ' and will slash investment in new housing , leading to more tenants being evicted by their landlords , experts warned last night . Ed Miliband yesterday confirmed he would press on with controversial plans to cap rents despite warnings from housing experts , business and even Labour figures that they will backfire . He said rent controls -- demanded by the militant Unite union that bankrolls Labour -- would give millions of ` forgotten ' renters a fairer deal by helping those stuck in so-called Generation Rent by soaring house prices . But the Generation Rent campaign group said his plans were ` riddled with loopholes ' and may make tenants ' lives worse . Under the proposals , landlords would have to offer three-year tenancies and would be banned from raising rent above inflation during this time . Alex Hilton , director of Generation Rent , said long tenancies were welcome but the proposal would give landlords an incentive to evict their tenants and would not keep rent down , adding : ` This is because they have no plans to limit rent rises between tenancies -- or after your first three years are up . ` Worse than this , Labour 's planning new ways for landlords to evict you within that period , for example to sell your home or get it back for other reasons . These loopholes are scary when you think they 're attached to a big financial incentive to use them -- because that 's the only way they will be able to put rent up in the first three years . ' In another loophole , hundreds of thousands of properties owned by buy-to-let investors could be excluded altogether . Most buy-to-let mortgages specify maximum tenancies of one year . Labour sources said these landlords would be able to offer short tenancies ` where contractually obliged ' . Senior Tories called the proposal ` drivel ' and said it would suppress house building and push rents up . Chancellor George Osborne described the plan as a ` totally economically-illiterate statement that grabs headlines , but is dismissed by every expert who looks at it ' . The Confederation of British Industry said the way to tackle the housing crisis was to build more homes , and warned the plans could discourage investment , thereby forcing up rents in the long term . The Labour leader said rent controls -- demanded by the militant Unite union that bankrolls Labour -- would give millions of ` forgotten ' renters a fairer deal by helping those stuck in so-called Generation Rent . Senior Tories called the proposal ` drivel ' and said it would suppress house building and push rents up . Pictured : Mr Miliband and Boris Johnson on the Andrew Marr show today . Some senior Labour figures also have concerns , with former minister Tessa Jowell warning against a cap last week , saying : ` Before taking a step like that you have to be clear it does n't have unintended consequences . ' Yesterday , however , she insisted she supported the plan . Housing spokesman Emma Reynolds was forced on the back foot yesterday after footage emerged of her in 2013 saying : ` I do n't think rent controls are going to work in practice . ' Yesterday , she said she meant ` Seventies-style controls ' and said Labour 's plan was different . Rent controls were widely blamed for a reduction in rented housing in Britain and Europe in the Seventies as investment dried up . The bad old days : A Manchester slum . Rent controls have already proved a disaster in Britain after they were introduced in the First World War . The measure was supposed to be temporary -- but was only dismantled by Margaret Thatcher in the Eighties . During this time the private rented sector collapsed from 90 per cent of the country 's housing stock to less than 10 per cent . By the Seventies , rent controls were widely blamed for the slum conditions in much of Britain 's remaining private rented stock . Landlords , unable to make a sustainable return , neglected homes and dragged their feet over the most basic repairs . Unscrupulous operators such as Peter Rachman , whose name became a byword for exploitation , drove out tenants who had legal rent protection to replace them with others who were not covered by the law . Gordon Brown 's favourite economist Paul Krugman , a Nobel prize-winner , has warned that attempts to control rent always fail , writing : ` Almost every freshman-level textbook contains a case study on rent control , using its known adverse side-effects to illustrate the principles of supply and demand . ' The socialist Swedish economist Assar Lindbeck once said : ` Next to bombing , rent control seems in many cases to be the most efficient technique for destroying cities . ' Alan Ward , of the Residential Landlords Association , warned that rent controls could result in a return to the ugly conditions of the past , adding they ` would lessen investment in new homes when we need more and serve only to paper over cracks in the market ' . He said : ` For some , it is easier to achieve a cheap political point by calling for rent controls than provide a prescription for growth in the private rented sector . Ultimately , tenants would lose as they find themselves forced into slums rented by Rachman landlords operating outside the legal market . ' David Cox , of the Association of Residential Letting Agents , said rent controls led to a fall in supply and the standard of homes because ` landlords do not have the money to invest in ongoing maintenance ' . Sam Bowman , of the Adam Smith Institute think-tank , said rent controls were ` a stunningly bad idea that could clobber renters ' . He said they would give landlords a huge incentive to raise rents at the start of a tenancy , adding : ` Labour has unwittingly announced a policy that could devastate cities and exacerbate the housing crisis . ' The Institute of Economic Affairs said the proposal ` would result in higher rents , a reduction in the quality of rented property and in the supply of homes to rent without improving affordability ' . Nicola 's political balancing act . She has spent the whole election campaign tilting to the left . But yesterday Nicola Sturgeon was trying her best to stick to the centre -- even leaning to the right at times . Balancing act : Nicola Sturgeon was trying her best to stick to the centre -- even leaning to the right at times . The Scottish First Minister went to an election campaign event at the JUMP Gymnastics Club , Cumbernauld . However , it was not political gymnastics being performed by the SNP leader . Instead she was joining youngsters on the beam and parallel bars during a visit to a gym in Cumbernauld , Scotland . Miss Sturgeon was launching her party 's youth manifesto , joined by actor Martin Compston , the star of police drama Line of Duty . Compston said Scottish Nationalist MPs would ensure the voices of Scotland 's youth were heard .