Pictures of the Australian man reportedly facing the death penalty for smuggling ice in China have emerged . The man , Ibrahim Jalloh , along with another Australian , Bengali Sherrif , were reportedly arrested at Guangzhou Airport in June 2014 . Sherrif has already been sentenced to death , according to the ABC . Australian man Ibrahim Jalloh is awaiting trial after reportedly being arrested attempting to smuggle drugs in China . They were allegedly in possession of a substantial quantity of ice . It is believed Sherrif 's sentence could be reduced to life in prison if it is decided he has been well-behaved during his first two years in prison . Jalloh 's trial is reportedly yet to commence . The young man arrived in Australia from Sierra Leone with his mother , three sisters and brother eight years ago . Australian citizen Bengali Sherrif has reportedly been sentenced to death after he and Queensland man Ibrahim Jalloh were arrested at Guangzhou airport -LRB- pictured -RRB- in June 2014 . Daily Mail Australia contacted the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade , but it did not comment on the alleged case . ` A number of Australians are currently facing narcotics-related charges in China , ' a spokeswoman said . ` All are either under investigation or awaiting trial or verdicts . For privacy reasons , we will not disclose details of individual cases . ' The arrests were mentioned in a Melbourne Court last week where three men face trial , accused of being embroiled in a drug ring importing drugs to Australia from China . Queensland men Sam Komba , 20 , and Foday Kamara , 29 , both face one charge of conspiring to import a controlled substance , according to ABC . The two Australians were allegedly in possession of a substantial quantity of ice -LRB- stock picture -RRB- . Melbourne man Wedi Bembo is charged with the same offence . He also faces an additional charge over an alleged heroin importation in 2013 . Jalloh 's brother Chiwto told the court that the accused had travelled to China in the belief he was picking up passports allegedly under the orders of Sam Bembo , according to ABC . Chiwto reportedly said their mother was devastated when she received a call to say Ibrahim had instead been arrested for drug trafficking . Komba , Kamar and Bembo 's trials will be held in October . Komba , Kamar and Bembo 's trials will be held in October . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .