A woman who bought cheap hair extensions in a bid to look glamorous ended up with an infection and a hole in her head . Tina Campbell , from London , paid £ 100 for the weave but was forced to seek urgent medical attention after her scalp became infected . However , Tina , who spent the day of her 29th birthday in bandages , said the incident has not deterred her from hair hair extensions again . Scroll down for video . Tina Campbell paid £ 100 for hair extensions - and was left with a hole in her head . A close up of one of the boils which developed on her scalp . Miss Campbell , who works as a showbiz writer , said : ` Everyone wants luxurious locks like Kim Kardashian and Cheryl Fernandez-Versini , but what if you could get them at a fraction of the cost ? ' said Miss Campbell . ` That was the proposition when I met up with a friend who suddenly had the most amazing , long , flowing blonde hair . ` She told me it 's a weave and she got it done at an African hair shop . ` I asked whether it was just for Afro hair but she said it was fine , adding that they would put my hair into cornrows and then sew the extensions in . Tina Campbell looks glamorous with her new glossy hair extensions . A few weeks after having the weave , she developed painful boils . ` I could n't believe it when she told me the cheap price -- it was £ 45 for a full head , while some salons charge hundreds , or even thousands . ` Having struggled to grow my own hair and often experimenting with clip-ins , I soon found myself getting it done too . ` Being able to go to bed with perfect hair and wake up with it was a revelation . People would always comment on how nice it looked and I was hooked . ' Miss Campbell said that after the extensions had gone their course , instead of going back to the same place that she had them done before , she decided to save time and go somewhere closer to home . Tina spent her 29th birthday in bandages after her hair extension nightmare -LRB- left and right -RRB- . ` The stylist at the salon in Welling , South East London , did not fill me with confidence , ' she said . ` She was vague when discussing the price , and simply waved me to sit down so she could start there and then . I could see the needles sitting on the side in blue antiseptic liquid . ` I did n't have a great feeling about the place but I wanted them done for an event that night so I bit the bullet . ` They ended up charging me £ 100 -- way more than last time . ' However , Miss Campbell said that a few weeks after having them put in , her scalp started to itch unbearably and she started to notice small lumps forming . ` Concerned , I took them out , but the lumps -- one on top of my head and a cluster lower down towards my neck -- seemed to grow and harden , ' she said . ` The doctor said they were boils , which I 'd never had before , and said to bathe them . ' Instead of looking pretty on her 29th birthday , Tina spent the day in bandages after having the boils surgically removed . Miss Campbell said that days later , pus began oozing from the one on top of her head , which although looked disgusting , seemed to ease it . ` Not so for the others though , ' she added . ` They were fusing together and causing the area to swell . The pain was excruciating and I 'd stay up with my head in my hands , willing it to stop . ` Then , the night before my birthday , the lumps burst and thick red , lumpy liquid seeped out that burned as it touched the raw skin . ` Less than 24 hours later , I was lying on a hospital bed having a section of my head shaved . ` Fully awake and shaking with fear , I gritted my teeth as a doctor cut a hole into my skull to drain the infection . ` Despite having had nine needles injected into my head to try and numb the area , I could still feel it and the sound of scalpel on bone was like something from a horror movie . ` I told the doctor to shave it all off , but thankfully it did n't come to that . ` I had to wear the bandage on my head for three weeks afterwards , making out-patient visits to have the hole in my head filled with a special material and the dressing replaced . Looking good : Tina , pictured on the red carpet while covering the Oscars , says despite her experiences , she has not been put off having hair extensions . ` The medical opinion was that the cause had been a dirty needle used to sew the extensions in . My doctor said that it could have nicked my scalp as the hair was attached to the cornrows . ' Miss Campbell said that when confronted , the salon owner was adamant it was the hair itself that was the cause , and as the customer had provided it , was not down to her . ` Shortly afterwards , the salon changed its name and has since closed down , ' added Miss Campbell . ` Since then , I 've sporadically had similar abscesses develop on other parts of my body , including one which had to be cut out of my lower spine . It 's horrid as aside from painful , they leave scars . ` Doctors as yet are unable to find a cause and keep advising me get tested for diabetes every few months . ` Research online shows that my case is not an isolated incident . ` While one pointed the finger at extensions made from real human hair , I disagree as mine were synthetic . ' Despite her grim experience , Miss Campbell said the experience has not put her off . ` Call me crazy , but after leaving it a while , I gradually began to experiment with extensions again , ' she said . ` It 's a confidence thing I guess , especially when on a red carpet waiting to interview people who constantly have their hair coiffed to perfection . ` I 've worn wigs in the past , but prefer extensions which give you so much more freedom . ` Ultimately , I think that the key is to just know who is doing your hair and if you get a bad feeling , no matter what the bargain , do n't take the risk . It 's not worth it . '