While teenagers continue to post often-horrifying photos of the unpleasant side effects they 've experienced after using a lip suction cup to give their lips a Kylie Jenner-esque boost , one male beauty blogger took steps to look even more like the 17-year-old reality star in a new video tutorial . Rolly Robinson , from the blog Beauty High , stars in theunique makeover clip , which sees him transform himself into a Kylie Jenner lookalike with the help of various make-up products and - of course - the infamous lip suction cup . To make himself over as ` America 's sweetheart ' , Rolly first had to shave his mustache - and then he got to work using an impressive array of cosmetics to help him copy the appearance of the youngest member of the Kardashian clan . Scroll down for video . Just like Jenner : Beauty High 's Rolly Robinson , left , transforms into Kylie Jenner , right , in a new makeup video tutorial . Pre-pout-puffer : Rolly did a remarkable job turning himself into a Kylie lookalike ; before makeup , the editorial designer had normal lips , no cleavage , and a mustache . ` I decided to start the base off really light and build on top of it as I move along , ' he says while starting to apply make-up to his face , rubbing color onto his cheeks . The editorial designer advises that viewers use a cosmetic sponge like one by Beauty Blender for a natural , seamless look . ` When contouring your nose , you want to make sure you really refine those edges so it does n't look super duper sharp , ' he continues while layering on highlighters and bronzers to create a slimming effect favored by almost all of the Kardashian sisters . ` You want to make sure nose looks as smooth and natural as possible . ' Rolly also uses contouring on his chest , shading in circular motions to create the appearance of cleavage . Keeping up with cosmetics : The ` makeover guru ' started off by applying a light base coat of make-up to even out his skin before contouring his face with darker and lighter pigments . Tricky beauty tools : Rolly used the controversial Fullips plumping suction cup , which teens around the country have been trying with some disastrous results - many of which are posted on social media . Moving onto the eyes , Rolly says : ` When putting on your -LSB- false lashes -RSB- , make sure that you bend the lashes before you apply the glue . That way , it has the shape of the curve of your eye . And then when you place it , you just lightly press and hold . ' He then uses a white eye pencil on his waterline , the sliver of skin between the eye and the lower lashes , which is a trick that he says will ` widen your eyes ' . Finally , for Kylie 's famous pouty lips , Rolly uses the controversial Fullips lip suction cup on his mouth for fifteen minutes in order to make his lips swell up and give the impression of a fuller pout . And while his use of the product successfully resulted in slightly plumper lips , teens across the country have been trying similar methods to make their lips look as big as Kylie 's with disastrous results ; many have experienced less favorable outcomes , with their lips swelling much more than they intended , while others , who have chosen to use other tools such as shot glasses , have cause permanent damage to their lips after accidentally shattering the glass around their mouths . Practically twins : After applying makeup and using the lip suction cup for fifteen minutes , Rolly , right , does a pretty good impression of 17-year-old Kylie , left . Social media makeover : The ultimate finish touch , Rolly puckered his pout and posed for a selfie a la Kylie at the end of the video . In fact , Kylie herself responded to the suction cup craze , writing on Twitter : ` I 'm not here to try & encourage people/young girls to look like me or to think this is the way they should look . -LSB- sic -RSB- ' Lucky for Rolly , the beauty expert seems to have mastered the Fullips device . Once his lips were plump , he overdrew them with a lip pencil like Kylie does , as extending the lip line creates a further illusion of fullness . While Rolly 's edited video in less than three minutes long , the star herself recently revealed that her own beauty routine can last hours . ` A good night out is , like , two and a half hours for full makeup , curling hair , whatever , ' Kylie told Teen Vogue . ` I 'm never going to spend just 20 minutes , you know ? '