Jailed : Paramedics found Kyle Hargreaves kissing a girl on a stretcher in the back of the ambulance . An 18-year-old who assaulted a paramedic after he was caught trying to have sex in an ambulance has been jailed . Paramedics found Kyle Hargreaves kissing a girl on a stretcher in the back of the vehicle , which had been called to an address in Grimsby , Lincolnshire . The ambulance crew had left the doors open while they collected a 92-year-old man with chest pain from inside the property . They returned to find Hargreaves and the girl , who has not been named , lying on top of each other . When confronted by paramedic Michael Newman , Hargreaves said : ` What 's your problem ? We are just trying to have sex ' . The teenager then punched Mr Newman three times as the patient was being carried out to the vehicle . Hargreaves , of Immingham , Lincolnshire , pleaded guilty to assaulting Mr Newman and breaching his Antisocial Behaviour Order by using threatening behaviour towards him . He was jailed for two years and eight months at Grimsby Crown Court . The court was told that the ambulance responded to the call shortly after 10 pm on February 15 . One of the crew left the back doors of the ambulance open , which is normal practice , when he brought a chair inside for the man . In the few minutes the crew were away , Hargreaves and the girl , sneaked inside . When paramedic Michael Newman returned to the vehicle , he found Hargreaves and the girl kissing on the stretcher . He said they appeared to have been drinking . He told them to get out of the ambulance because the crew needed to take the patient to hospital . Hargreaves told him they were ` trying to have sex ' . The teenager threatened the crew before punching Mr Newman three times in the face , the court heard . The 92-year-old man , who was still in the carry chair , was protected by an ambulance technician and the patient 's son at the time . The panic button on the crew 's radio was used to alert the police . The girl who was with Hargreaves bit ambulance technician William Heron on his hand . Mr Newman suffered a huge black eye , a cut to his nose and a nose bleed . Hargreaves spat saliva and blood into Mr Newman 's face . The crew restrained Hargreaves until the police arrived by holding him down . Another crew was sent out to take the pensioner to hospital . Judge David Tremberg branded the punching and spitting assault on the paramedic ` disgusting ' and ` uncivilised ' behaviour towards a paramedic who was just doing his job . Craig Lowe , mitigating , said Hargreaves had a long history of offending and he faced longer custodial sentences if he did not tackle his drinking . After the hearing , Steve Pratten , of the East Midlands Ambulance Service , said : ` This was a disgraceful act , not only to attack an emergency ambulance crew while they were engaged on their duties and were trying to look after a patient , but it was also completely selfish and completely irresponsible because of what they were trying to use the ambulance for . ` We are very pleased with the sentence . We think it reflects the serious nature of the incident . ` We are also pleased that the Crown Prosecution Service has worked with us and Humberside Police in being able to get a conviction . Call out : The ambulance crew had left the doors open while they collected a 92-year-old man with chest pain from a property on Dixon Avenue , Grimsby -LRB- pictured -RRB- . They returned to find Hargreaves and the girl inside . ` It sends a clear message that any form of violence and aggression to any of our staff will not be tolerated . ' Mr Pratten said the pensioner needed to go to hospital but did not suffer any serious effects from being caught up in the violent incident . ` Both of our staff have been supported by East Midlands Ambulance Service through counselling and occupational health services . ` The technician who was bitten on the hand had to have a series of injections . ` Both crew members returned to work the following day for their shifts , a sign of their professionalism and dedication in returning to work and taking no sickness time . Hargreaves admitted separate matters of robbery and theft against a newsagents on the same day . The ASBO had been made at Grimsby Youth Court on February 25 , 2013 .