You do n't have to be an avid follower of Manchester United to know that Radamel Falcao has struggled badly at Old Trafford this year . Goals have been hard to come by for the Colombian , with just four being netted by the striker this season in a United shirt having signed on a season-long loan from Monaco . But not only has Falcao failed to score since January 31 against Leicester , he has also failed to have a shot on target in the Premier League - featuring in 10 games since.During that period he has collected £ 3,080,000 in wages . Radamel Falcao fires wide for Manchester United past Chelsea 's onrushing keeper Thibaut Courtois . Falcao stands dejected with Wayne Rooney at the final whistle following United 's 1-0 loss at Chelsea . Falcao looks on with Marouane Fellaini waiting to kick-off following Eden Hazard 's strike . Granted , Falcao has not always featured for the Red Devils but the striker 's £ 280,000-a-week wages are a massive burden for United , making a permanent move this summer even more unlikely despite the uncertain future of strike partner Robin van Persie . Falcao started in Manchester United 's 1-0 defeat at Chelsea on Saturday , but despite playing the full 90 minutes for a side that bossed over 70 per cent of the ball , he struggled to get involved in the game . The striker saw a shot blocked by Gary Cahill and had another two shots fly wide in the second half . But otherwise the Colombian 's biggest impact was a negative one as he lost the ball following a John Terry challenge in the build up to Eden Hazard 's winning goal at Stamford Bridge . Following another failed audition in front of manager Louis van Gaal , Falcao 's Premier League adventure is set to go down as a costly mistake for the Red Devils . John Terry had the upper hand on Falcao in their personal scrap , with the Chelsea captain winning the ball off the striker to start a move which led to Hazard 's goal in the Premier League clash . Falcao has n't scored or had a shot on target for United since netting against Leicester in January . Sportsmail 's Match Zone shows Falcao 's heat map for the striker 's display at Chelsea .