Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe expects the club 's fans to play a crucial role as his side close in on a first-ever promotion to the Barclays Premier League . The Cherries take on Sheffield Wednesday at the Goldsands Stadium on Saturday followed by the visit of Bolton nine days later and then a last-day trip to Charlton . The four-horse race for automatic promotion - second-placed Norwich face fourth-placed Middlesbrough on Friday night - is expected to go down to the wire with just two points separating those in contention . Eddie Howe and his Bournemouth players applaud travelling fans after victory against Reading . Howe has called on supporters to inspire the Cherries to win promotion from the Championship . ` The pleasing thing from our perspective regarding our home form is that it 's improved as the season has gone on , ' Howe told the club 's official website . ` We have become more consistent , more adept at dealing with the different problems that we face and how teams set up against us , so we are in a good place at home . ` Hopefully the crowd can inspire us because we are going to need them more than ever . ` In these two games I 'm sure there will be moments where we are either under pressure or need a lift and that 's when hopefully they can do their bit for us . ' Watford boss Slavisa Jokanovic refuses to look beyond Saturday 's home game against Birmingham as his third-placed side bid to climb back into the top two . Slavisa Jokanovic is not looking beyond Birmingham as Watford chase automatic promotion . ` There are three games more , ' Jokanovic told his club 's official website . ` We must continue , we must be ready . ` We know there is the chance of three more games after this , but we are not thinking of this . ` Only Birmingham City and three points on Saturday . That is the focus . We can not talk about taking nine points because this is not what is in front of us . ' Steve McClaren 's Derby must improve on their recent away form at Huddersfield if they are to secure a play-off finish . The Rams , who have not won at Huddersfield since Boxing Day 1995 , have won only one of their last seven games on the road , while Chris Powell 's Terriers are unbeaten in their last four matches . Ipswich , Brentford and Wolves make up the four teams battling it out for the last two play-off places . Mick McCarthy will take Luke Chambers -LRB- above -RRB- to his former club Wolves at the weekend . Mick McCarthy takes his Tractor Boys to Molineux for a potential humdinger against former club Wolves , while Brentford face Bolton at Griffin Park . Wigan will be relegated for the second time in three seasons if they fail to beat Brighton at home . Relegation rivals Millwall will look to build on Tuesday night 's home win against Wigan with victory at Cardiff . Leeds , who have lost their last four matches , are chasing their first win in six at Charlton , Nottingham Forest are bidding to halt their five-game unbeaten run at Blackburn and Fulham aim to edge closer to survival with victory at relegated Blackpool .