Of all the people to be wary of getting caught on camera doing something incredulous , you would think a TV news reporter would know better . But Britt McHenry , a Washington D.C.-based sports reporter for ESPN , has been suspended from her position after an ugly and offensive rant she unleashed on a hapless tow truck company employee surfaced online this week . The 28-year-old , who hails from New Jersey , had her car towed from the parking lot of a Chinese restaurant in Arlington , Virginia , and the verbal attack was captured on a security camera as she paid to pick the vehicle up at the tow lot office . ` I 'm in the news , sweetheart , I will f ----- g sue this place , ' McHenry can he heard saying in the video . Vicious : ESPN sports reporter Britt McHenry has been suspended for one week and could face further punishment after video surfaced of her berating an Advanced Towing employee in Arlington , Virginia . Caught red-faced : Incredibly , McHenry was warned that she was being filmed at the start of her ugly rant , however continued to insult the woman 's looks , education and job on-camera . Glamorous : Originally from New Jersey , McHenry is a sideline reporter for ESPN based in Washington D.C. Pictured is Gina Michelle , the clerk abused by McHenry and told she needed to lose some weight . The incident occurred on April 6 . The parking attendant can be heard in the video warning McHenry she is being filmed and threatens to ` play your video ' . ` That 's why I have a degree and you do n't - I would n't work in a scumbag place like this , ' McHenry responds . ` Makes my skin crawl even being here . ' The parking attendant patiently replies : ` Well lets get you out of here quickly . ' McHenry then fires back : ` Yep , that 's all you care about - taking people 's money ... with no education , no skill set . Just wanted to clarify that . ' She 's outta there : ESPN immediately responded by suspending McHenry , but only for one week . After a few more comments , including telling the woman she does n't have a brain , McHenry delivers her biggest sting . ` Maybe if I was missing some teeth they would hire me , huh ? ' she says . ` Cos ' I 'm on television and you 're in a f ----- g trailer , honey . ' Finally , before walking away , McHenry says : ` Lose some weight , baby girl . ' Unhappy customer : Britt McHenry leaving the towing company and flipping the bird to the cameras . ` Maybe if I was missing some teeth they would hire me , huh ? ' : McHenry , who has impeccable grooming when on-camera , berated the woman for her appearance and her job . Video of the shocking scene was obtained by Live Leak . As the video spread online , ESPN were forced to react . A spokesman confirmed McHenry had been suspended , however only for one week . It is unclear whether a more serious punishment will be handed down . Right after the incident took place , McHenry took her Twitter account to rant about how Adanced Towing is ` corrupt ' . Not surprisingly , she has since deleted the tweet . The apology : McHenry offered up this note as the video of her awful attack spread online Thursday . Do as I say , not as I do : McHenry 's words of wisdom earlier this year . On Thursday , she turned to social media again to apologize for her actions , saying it was an ` intense and stressful moment ' for her . She posted online : ` In an intense and stressful moment , I allowed my emotions to get the best of me and said some insulting and regrettable things . As frustrated as I was , I should always choose to be respectful and take the high road . I am so sorry for my actions and will learn from this mistake . ' According to The Big Lead , McHenry was eating Hunan Chinese restaurant on Wilson Boulevard in Arlington when her car was towed . Advanced Towing are yet to comment on the incident . The employee that was berated has not been identified . Suspended : Britt McHenry has been suspended from ESPN for one week for the offensive rant .