A former NFL player has revealed that his mother demanded he pay her one million dollars as the cost for ` raising him for the last 18 years ' after he was drafted into the professional league . Phillip Buchanon was a first-round draft pick for the Oakland Raiders , and seventeenth overall , when his mother made the request in 2002 . Buchanon , who also played for the Houston Texans , Tampa Bay Buccaneers , Detroit Lions and Washington Redskins before retiring in 2011 , discussed the incident in his recently released book New Money : Stay Rich . ` If my mother taught me anything , it 's that this is the most desperate demand that a parent can make on a child , ' he wrote in an exclusive excerpt released to Fox Sports . Former NFL player Phillip Buchanon -LRB- pictured here playing for the Oakland Raiders -RRB- has revealed his mother demanded he pay her one million dollars as the cost ` for raising him for the last 18 years ' after he was drafted . ` The covenant of having a child is simply that you give your child everything possible , and they owe you nothing beyond a normal amount of love and respect . ' But after years , Buchanon said he realized that his mother and family members were different - especially when money became involved . He told Fox Sports that he wrote the book to make sure ` the next generation of athletes does n't make the same mistakes ' he did when he finally got paid the big NFL bucks . Buchanon said he followed the ` unwritten NFL New Money Millionaire ' rule and instead bought his mother a brand new big house , as well as paid for all her finances that did not include food or entertainment . But he soon realized that gift would come with its own problems . Instead of selling her old house , like he advised , Buchanon 's mother rented it to his aunt . This left Buchanon paying for mortgage and maintenance payments for both houses for seven years . Buchanon asks rookies to consider certain questions before buying their family ` big-ticket purchases ' , such as whether the family member would be able to make the payments if they could n't , or if the family member expected them to pay for upkeep 20 years later . The former football star said his mother never offered him the money she made from her sister 's rent , and later blamed him for ` messing up her life ' after he kicked her boyfriend out of the house he paid for . ` What she did n't see was that her boyfriend was pimping her and me out , ' he wrote . ` He was n't bringing anything to the table , just taking . ' Buchanon said he bought his mother a house instead , which brought its own set of problems for years . Buchanon -LRB- pictured playing for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers -RRB- said his relatives also asked him for money , claiming they needed a check to pay for repairs and bills . Buchanon said he eventually became fed up and told his mother he would stop paying for her new house 's upkeep after he paid off the mortgage . When his mother said the house was too large for her to afford the maintenance , he offered to buy her a smaller house that he would pay for with cash and put in his name , protecting her from loans and giving his brothers and sisters a stable home . Instead , his mother asked for $ 15,000 in cash . She ended up losing the home . ` She told me that if the new house did n't have space for two living room sets , she did n't want it , ' Buchanon writes . Buchanon said he moved out of his house at 17 because he no longer ` felt secure ' in a home where his mother let people ` come in and out of the house and take what they wanted ' . And the football player said he soon realized it would n't just be his mother asking him for money , but his relatives as well , who often had ` family emergencies ' . Buchanon -LRB- pictured with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers -RRB- moved out of his house at 17 because he no longer ` felt secure ' at home because his mother let people ` come in and out of the house and take what they wanted ' Buchanon said at first he would just write his relatives a check , which he said would ` always get cashed ' even as the problems never got fixed . That 's when Buchanon said he started offering to pay for the 'em ergencies ' directly to the mechanics or companies the money was supposedly owed to , only to have his relatives say ` forget about it ' . Buchanon said he spent ` hundreds of thousands of dollars ' before learning how to deal with his family 's monetary demands . But he said it was the way his mother treated him that ended up teaching Buchanon ` the most important lessons in life ' . ` The mothers and fathers of the world have been rearing their kids for generations - in every culture imaginable - and it 's a one-way street when it comes to money , ' he writes . ` If they pay you back someday , and you really are going through hard times , then that 's just a bonus , a gratuity for being a great mother or father . '