Siem de Jong is on track to play a part in Newcastle 's Barclays Premier League clash with Swansea after taking another step towards ending his eight-month injury nightmare . The 26-year-old Holland international midfielder played 72 minutes for the club 's Under-21s and set up striker Adam Armstrong for the decisive goal in a 2-1 victory at Aston Villa on Monday evening . It was his second appearance for Peter Beardsley 's side since recovering from surgery to repair a collapsed lung and while he admits he is still short of match fitness , he is in contention for a seat on the bench at St James ' Park on Saturday if head coach John Carver requires him . Siem de Jong , pictured in Newcastle training last week , played 72 minutes for the U21s on Tuesday . De Jong has only made one league start this season but hopes to be involved in first-team again soon . De Jong told nufcTV : ` The plan always was to be part of that game , to be on the bench . I played 72 , 73 minutes and hopefully I can be part of the team next week . ` We will see what happens . I do n't think I could play 90 minutes yet , especially not on a level higher , so we will have to build it up and see how it goes . ' De Jong , a £ 6million summer signing from Ajax , has made only three senior appearances and just a single league start for the club after first suffering a serious thigh injury and then being laid low by a recurrence of a lung problem . His battle for fitness has proved both gruelling and frustrating , and he is already looking forward to the start of the new campaign and launching his Magpies career in earnest . He said : ` It 's getting a little bit better . I still feel that it just improves every day , but I still need to keep on improving . I feel it in the power training , but also on the field and in the game . ` I just need to get a few more games in , and I think that will hopefully be a couple of games his season , otherwise start again good next season from pre-season on . ' The Dutchman was a £ 6m summer signing from Ajax but has struggled with injuries . De Jong was signed to help provide a link between midfield and attack and the kind of invention he provides has been sadly lacking for much of the campaign , particularly in recent weeks as a run of six successive league defeats has left Newcastle too close for comfort to the relegation zone . Victory - something they have not tasted since February 28 - over the Swans on Saturday would go a long way towards erasing any fears of being sucked into trouble , although with many fans in open rebellion over owner Mike Ashley 's stewardship , it may do little to ease the tension on Tyneside .