A married Maths teacher at Max Clifford 's old school is facing jail for groping a 15-year-old pupil in his car . Paul Shorter had a series of liaisons with the schoolgirl , who he was giving one-to-one tuition in a ` serious ' breach of his position of trust at Rydens School in Hersham , Surrey . Guildford Crown Court heard the 31-year-old kissed the teenager after class and also groped her in his car . Married Paul Shorter -LRB- left -RRB- , who was a teacher at convicted sex offender Max Clifford 's -LRB- right -RRB- former school in Hersham , Surrey , is facing jail after admitting a string of sex offences . The father-of-one , of Addlestone , Surrey , looked shaken and spoke softly as he admitted two counts of sexual activity with a child and one count of sexual activity with a child by a person in a position of trust . The judge was told that the girl had not wanted a sexual relationship with Shorter and on one occasion had stormed out of a personal tuition session when he tried to grope her . But that one the instances in question , which took place between December 13 , 2013 and January 19 last year , there was ` ostensible consent . ' Shorter 's pregnant wife Joanne , who is expecting his child in six weeks , and other members of his family watched from the public gallery as the charges against him were read out . But Judge Noel Lucas ruled that Shorter could not be sentenced until a victim impact statement had been taken from the girl to find out how his crimes had affected her . The pair met because Shorter was her Maths teacher at the school , which counts convicted sex offender Max Clifford . The 31-year-old Maths teacher kissed the teenager after class at Rydens School in Hersham , Surrey -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Disgraced PR guru Clifford , 71 , was jailed in May last year after being convicted of a string of indecent assaults between 1977 and 1984 . Judge Lucas passed an indefinite Sexual Harm Prevention Order banning Shorter from working with children or having unsupervised contact with anybody under the age of 18 . The court heard the former teacher , who has been on bail for the past 15 months , had found ` gainful employment ' in a trade that did not bring him into contact with minors . The judge was told he has also been paying to see a psychologist , in a bid to help him to fight depression . Judge Lucas said : ` I am of course sympathetic to the defendant 's wife and the situation but your client must be under no illusion that the sentence I pass is likely to be nothing less than an immediate custodial sentence . ' Shorter was bailed to appear before the same court on May 8 . Guildford Crown Court -LRB- pictured -RRB- heard Shorter had a series of liaisons with the 15-year-old schoolgirl .