New York City cab drivers spend their entire work days eavesdropping on their customers conversations , so it 's no surprise that many of them have learned a thing or two about love and relationships along the way . With that in mind , New York-based writer Danielle Page set out to ask every cabbie she came across to dispense their best piece of relationship advice in hopes unlocking the key to a successful union . The drivers , many of whom are married themselves , revealed their personal tips , life lessons and cultural anecdotes all in the name of love , which Danielle then shared on YourTango . A 60-year-old named Michael revealed that his trick to marital bliss is putting his wife 's happiness above his own -- but insists that what really makes a relationship work is finding a partner who will do the same for you . Looking for answers : New York-based writer Danielle Page -LRB- not pictured -RRB- set out to ask every cabbie she came across to dispense their best piece of relationship advice . ` Always think of what 's best for the other person . If you 're always thinking , `` How can I make the other person happy ? '' the other person wants to do the same for you , ' he told Danielle . Sharif , 32 , said that honesty is the key lasting love - even if that means telling your girlfriend that she looks fat in her jeans . Another driver firmly believes that people should allow their partners to change , and a part of that process is choosing to love the person they 've become . ` In order to have a lasting relationship , you need to choose the new version of what your partner becomes and accept their new interests , ' 49-year-old Alex told Danielle . ` If you ca n't do that , you 're screwed . ' A Muslim driver named Asaf , 38 , explained that his religion forbids having ` girlfriends on the side ' is strictly forbidden -- suggesting that this rule is one of a number of reasons why his marriage has lasted for 13 years . And while many people might scoff at the idea of ending their friendships with members of the opposite sex because they have entered a relationship , many of the cab drivers are in agreement that it is important to always be respectful of your partner 's feelings . When giving their advice , other cab drivers focused on what people should doing when they are trying to find a date . Be selfless : One cab driver said people should always think about how they can make their partners happy . New York cabbies understand that dating in the Big Apple can be a complete and utter nightmare . Carl , 44 , encouraged singletons to embrace their failed relationships because not everyone is going to be ` the one ' . ` The goal of relationships is for them to end in marriage , but 99per cent of the relationships you have wo n't end in marriage , and that 's not a bad thing - even if you do n't know it yet , ' he said . Meanwhile , Daniel , 27 , insisted that couples need to be ` equally yoked ' when it comes to their career , ambitions and education in order for the relationships to be a success . But the most interesting piece of advice came from Musaf , who recalled how his parents met at the altar . According to the 33-year-old cab driver , young people - including fickle New Yorkers - have a fear of commitment because they have ` too many options ' . And while marrying a complete stranger may seem absurd , FYI 's popular reality show Married at First Sight , which is in its second season , enlists participants to do just that . Two out of the three couples from the show 's first season are still together , which probably would n't surprise Musaf . ` When you 're only given one option , you have to fight to make it work , ' he said , adding : ` People here do n't do that . '