The will of Princess Diana is among 41 million available to order at the click of a button . Diana 's final wishes for the disposal of her £ 21.4 million estate are among a vast archive of wills dating back to 1858 now available to view online . Those of Winston Churchill and George Orwell can also be seen . In her will , Diana 's butler Paul Burrell was bequeathed the sum of £ 50,000 , free of inheritance tax . Scroll down for video . The will of Princess Diana is among 41 million available to order at the click of a button thanks to a new service . Possessions including paintings and a clock were distributed among her 17 godchildren , while the rest went to her sons William and Harry . Qadir Ahmed runs the secure Iron Mountain facility in a leafy suburb of Birmingham where row upon row of the documents are kept in temperature-controlled storage , under tight security . He said the wills are a fascinating snapshot into the personalities and characters of people from every walk of life . For some , having a copy of a will is a matter of sentimentality , whereas others - particularly in the case of celebrities - are ordered out of ` pure curiosity ' , he said . ` We have 41 million in storage and there are so many fascinating and emotional stories , ' said Mr Ahmed . One such is that of the late Paul Hunter , the champion snooker player , who died of cancer in 2006 aged just 27 . Paul Burrell was given £ 50,000 by Diana when she died . The Yorkshireman fathered a daughter who , at the time he penned his will , was not yet born but she is remembered in the passages of his will , as Mr Ahmed describes . ` There are some really touching stories inside these files - people like Paul Hunter , who in his will says ` To my unborn child , I leave ... ' and that is genuinely touching . ` He believed at the time he was writing this will , that he would n't survive the birth of his child . ' ` You feel the emotion of that moment , through reading the record . ' The first disbursement of Diana 's will reads : ` I bequeath to my butler Paul Burrell the sum of £ 50,000 , free of inheritance tax . ' It also provides for specified keepsakes including watercolour paintings and a carriage clock to be distributed among her 17 godchildren , while to Princes William and Harry she left everything else . In the event of her death she makes express provision the Prince of Wales ` will consult with my mother -LSB- Frances Shand Kydd -RSB- with regard to the upbringing , education and welfare of our children ' . She also makes clear her wish to be buried . Mr Ahmed said the new system , which has been in place since the end of last year , means people no longer have to order wills by post , or by heading to their local Registry Office . ` A lot of the public are not aware these are public records , ' he said . ` Once someone goes through probate , that 's it . It 's a simple process , through the gov.uk website . ` You can pay a small fee of £ 10 and order a record of anyone who 's gone through probate , searching by the person 's name and year of death . ' Among the other celebrity wills , are those of wartime prime minister Winston Churchill , creator of Winnie the Pooh AA Milne and George Orwell - under his real name Eric Blair - who penned 1984 . Data centre manager Qadir Ahmed inspects one of the more than 41 million public wills held in secure storage at the Iron Mountain facility in Birmingham . Churchill , who died in 1965 , left an estate worth £ 266,054 which he asked to be divided between his wife and children . He gave his country home Chartwell , in Kent , to the National Trust to be a museum after his death . As well as other bequests of cash to his wife , children , family and friends , he also left money to his employees , including £ 100 for his gardener . His son-in-law , Arthur Christopher John Soames , was given ` such of my brood mares , followers and fillies ' from Churchill 's stable , but with the caveat his choices were `` not exceeding three in number , nor £ 7,500 in total value ' . Also stored away is the will of wartime code-breaker Alan Turing , recently played in Hollywood movie The Imitation Game by Benedict Cumberbatch . Turing 's brief final testament directs his possessions be left to close friends and his mother . Meanwhile , Orwell - listed under his birth name Blair - left instructions ` no biography be written ' and ` no memorial service be held for me after my death ' .