An Islamic State sympathizer who was plotting to carry out an attack on a US military base similar to the deadly assault at Fort Hood in 2009 has been arrested . John T. Booker Jr , was detained in Manhattan , Kansas , on Friday morning and charged with multiple terror offenses , including attempting to use a weapon of mass destruction . The 20-year-old , who refers to himself as Muhammad Abdullah Hassan , is said to have targeted nearby Fort Riley and planned to use a 1,000 lb car bomb to blow himself up and kill ` people with power ' . Booker was shown how to arm the bomb , which was actually a dud , and taken to a supposed secret gate to enter the base by FBI informants before being arrested around 9 am . A religious leader who had counseled the ` troubled ' young man said that he was mentally ill . Scroll down for video . Detained : John T. Booker Jr , who refers to himself as Muhammad Abdullah Hassan , has been arrested after being accused of planning a suicide bomb attack on a US military base . Booker was also charged with attempting to damage property by means of an explosive and providing material support to a foreign terrorist organization . He allegedly planned to drive a van bomb built by the FBI informants , including a man who pretended to be a ` high-ranking sheikh planning terrorist acts in the United States ' , into Fort Riley . Authorities say he never actually breached the perimeter of the base . Imam Omar Hazim of the Islamic Center of Topeka told The Associated Press that two FBI agents brought Booker to him last year for counseling , hoping to turn the young man away from radical beliefs . The young man came to the FBI 's attention last year after an unidentified citizen complained to federal authorities about concerning Facebook messages he posted . On March 19 , he allegedly wrote : ` Getting ready to be killed in jihad is a HUGE adrenaline rush !! I am so nervous . NOT because I 'm scared to die but I am eager to meet my lord . ' Imam Omar Hazim , who counseled the suspect , said that the young man was ` troubled ' Imam Omar Hazim began counseling John Booker at the request of the FBI last year , though he now says ` maybe he came to me too late ' . The Islamic Center of Topeka leader said that he had tried to guide the 20-year-old away from radical beliefs . Booker had bipolar disorder and schizophrenia and was ` troubled ' , the imam told a local newspaper . He would occasionally have ` inner conversations ' while sitting alone like he was hearing voices , Hazim told KAKE . However , the suspect , who was said to occasionally wear a sword , had not been taking his medication because he did not like the way it made him feel and it was expensive . Mr Hazim had expressed concern to the FBI about allowing Booker to move freely in the community . He said ` I was n't terribly surprised -LRB- about the arrest -RRB- , I really was n't . Because I had recognized over the last couple of months that he was n't taking his medication ' . He was then interviewed by agency officials and admitted he had enlisted with the army months earlier . The enlistment was cancelled before he was scheduled to begin basic training on April 7 , 2014 . Mr Hazim said the agents told him that Booker suffered from bipolar disorder , characterized by unusual mood swings that can affect functioning . Booker also suffered from schizophrenia , the Muslim leader told the Topeka Capital Journal . ` Maybe he came to me too late , I do n't know , ' he said . The imam said he expressed concerns to the FBI about allowing Booker to move freely in the community after their first encounter . Mr Hazim said he later heard that two others were involved in a bombing plot with Booker . He said the FBI told him they were undercover FBI agents and that the sting was arranged to get Booker ` off the streets ' . ` I think the two FBI agents set him up , because they felt at that point someone else might have done the same thing and put a real bomb in his hands , ' Mr Hazim said . He said he has come to the conclusion that the sting was the right thing to do . The cleric said Booker admitted to him on Tuesday that he had stopped taking his medication because he did n't like the way it made him feel and it was expensive . A spokesman for the US attorney 's office in Kansas declined to comment on Mr Hazim 's remarks . Booker -LRB- left , in 2010 yearbook photo -RRB- had allegedly told Alexander Blair , 28 -LRB- right -RRB- about his plan to kill American soldiers and received money from him . The 20-year-old from Topeka , Kansas , was scheduled to start basic training with the Army on April 7 , 2014 before extremist Facebook messages ended his enlistment . Booker reportedly planned to stage an attack inspired by the events that unfolded at Fort Hood , Texas , in 2009 , when Maj. Nidal Hassan killed 13 and injured dozens more , court documents show . Seven months after the Facebook post , an FBI informant engaged with Booker . Through their correspondences he ` repeatedly expressed his desire to engage in violent jihad on behalf of -LSB- ISIS -RSB- , ' the court documents show . He said that ` detonating a suicide bomb is his number one aspiration because he could n't be captured , all evidence would be destroyed , and he would be guaranteed to hit his target ' , according to the Justice Department . Booker had also allegedly expressed interest in going to fight with extremists in the Middle East before signing on to the suicide attack . . The top federal prosecutor for Kansas also charged another Topeka man , Alexander E. Blair , 28 , with failing to report Booker 's plans to authorities . A complaint alleges that Blair and Booker shared some ` extremist views ' and that Blair loaned Booker money to rent space to build and store a bomb . He has a hearing on Thursday to decide whether he should remain in federal custody and faces three years in prison if convicted . Booker was taken to an area near Fort Riley that he believed would allow him to enter the base and detonate a van with a 1,000 lb ammonium nitrate bomb -LRB- file photo -RRB- . Court documents suggested Booker wanted his planned attack to be similar to the deadly strike on Fort Hood -LRB- pictured in 2014 -RRB- in 2009 when Maj. Nidal Hassan killed 13 and injured dozens more . The complaint filed against Booker also alleges he created a propaganda video before his planned attack . In it he is said to have told the American people to get their loved ones out of the military now because : ` The Islamic State is coming for them . From inside , whether it be in their homes , whether it be on a base like this , whether it be in the recruiting stations , whether it be in the streets . ' He also urged people to pledge allegiance to ISIS leader Abu Bakr Al Baghdadi . If convicted , Booker faces life in prison . John T. Booker Sr , the young man 's father , said that his son moved out of his home last year and he did not know about the extremist beliefs . ` The one statement that I will make is that I 'm glad that he was arrested and that no one got hurt , ' he said . The elder Booker told WDAF that his son had been an ROTC member and ` grew up as a normal kid ' .