Angela Merkel threw down the gauntlet to David Cameron last night and said large countries should be prepared to accept more asylum seekers . The German Chancellor demanded a new European Union system that distributes asylum-seekers to member states based on their population and economic strength . The call comes as Europe struggles with the growing refugee crisis in the Mediterranean , where hundreds have died in recent days trying to get from northern Africa to Italy . Scroll down for video . German Chancellor Angela Merkel has demanded a new European Union system that distributes asylum-seekers to member states based on their population and economic strength . David Cameron insisted at an emergency EU summit on Thursday that the UK would not take any of the refugees -- because it was already doing its part by virtue of having the continent 's largest aid and defence budgets . Mrs Merkel 's call would however mean that Britain , one of the most populous countries in the UK and one of its most economically successful , would be expected to take in more people . Speaking at a campaign event ahead of state elections in Bremen , she said yesterday that the EU 's own rules on asylum-seekers are not working . She called for the current rules , known as the Dublin regulations , to be scrapped . ` The Dublin rules need to be changed , ' she told fellow EU leaders . ` Five member states account for three-quarters of all asylum-seekers ' under the present system . Under the Dublin regulations , refugees have to claim asylum in the first EU country they enter , and can not pick and choose between member states . But Germany has long accused southern EU countries of ignoring the rules and encouraging asylum-seekers to move on . The majority of refugees arrive on Europe 's southern shores after crossing the Mediterranean . The border free Schengen Area means they can easily move onto to other EU countries , despite the rules . The German government is believed to be particularly concerned that the Italian authorities are not doing enough to register asylum-seekers who arrive there . The European leaders gathered this week for an emergency meeting in Brussels in the wake of the tragedy in the Mediterranean . Pictured from left is Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi , German Chancellor Angela Merkel , French President Francois Hollande and British Prime Minister David Cameron . Germany believes it is being made to bear an disproportionate burden of asylum-seekers lured there by its strong economy . In 2014 , Germany received 173,070 asylum applications , more than twice as many as any other EU country . In the same period , the UK received 31,260 applications , according to UN refugee agency . Her remarks came a day after Mr Cameron flatly ruled out Britain taking part in an voluntary EU scheme to ` resettle ' north African migrants throughout the continent . He told his counterparts at the EU summit that the UK is already ` playing its part ' in the region through the aid budget and offer of ships , and takes in its ` fair share ' of refugees compared to other member states . Donald Tusk , the European Council president , said earlier on Thursday that EU leaders must ` sacrifice some national interests for the common good ' by taking part in a ` resettlement ' programme .