Barcelona will offer £ 50million for in-demand Juventus midfielder Paul Pogba , and plan to let him stay in Italy for a year on loan . Spanish press reports indicate Chelsea are their only rivals for the Frenchman 's signature . Pogba is one of Europe 's most in demand young talents but Spanish paper SPORT say that the leaders in La Liga and the Barclays Premier League are the only two viable destinations for the 22-year-old Frenchman . With Barcelona currently under the restrictions of a FIFA-imposed transfer ban until the January window , Pogba would have to be loaned back to Juve until the 2016-17 season as part of any prospective deal . SPORT say Barcelona will make a £ 50m offer for Paul Pogba while Marca look at the race for La Liga . Pogba is said to be the subject of a £ 50m bid from Barca with Chelsea their only realistic transfer rivals . Lionel Messi returned to training for Barcelona after a foot problem ahead of facing Celta Vigo . SPORT claim that Pogba has listened to Barca 's offer but is yet to decide on his future with four years remaining on his contract with the Italian champions . The Catalan daily also say that Lionel Messi has recovered from a problem with swelling on his foot to start for Barca in their return to La Liga against Celta Vigo on Sunday after making it through a training session unscathed . Also in Spain , Marca look at Real Madrid 's quest to overhaul their perennial rivals at the top of La Liga . They say that if Real win their final 10 games to take a total points haul of 94 , they can count on winning the title . That might be easier said than done , however . No team has won their last 10 games in La Liga in the last decade , no matter how sure Real are that Barca will falter . L'Equipe look ahead to a big weekend in the French title race , A Bola pin Benfica 's hopes on Nicolas Gaitan . David Luiz and PSG have made their way to the top of Ligue 1 but that position will be challenge this weekend . Marseille and their star striker Andre-Pierre Gignac will want to knock PSG off the top of the table . It 's a huge weekend in France with Le Classique top of the bill , Lyon getting the opportunity to top the table and Monaco taking on St Etienne . With that in mind , L'Equipe go with the headline : ` The hunt is on ' . Champions PSG are still in with a shout of an unprecedented treble , sitting top of Ligue 1 with eight games to go , in the semi-finals of the French Cup and having reached the last eight of the Champions League . But their abilities are certain to be tested on Sunday night in a first vs third clash against Marseille at a packed 67,394-capacity Stade Velodrome . A difficult April schedule makes it important that PSG stay top of the table in Marseille , having struggled to maintain a title challenge for much of the season . Gaitan is viewed as the key man for Benfica as they look to open up a gap on Porto in Portugal . Manager Jorge Jesus said Gaitan is a star of different characteristics to his other players , with no equal . With nearest rivals Porto faltering , A Bola in France focus on Nicolas Gaitan 's position as Benfica 's leader as they look to wrap up the Primeira Liga title in the coming weeks . Benfica boss Jorge Jesus said of Gaitan : ` Nico is a player of different characteristics , we have no equal to him . ` He 's a player with a lot of influence and he can be with us for many years . He is a leader on the pitch and it 's good to know that he will be with us . ' Benfica face Nacional on Saturday hoping to keep up their excellent home form which has seen them concede just two goals at the Estadio da Luz all season . The Italian papers have gone big on the race for a place in next season 's Champions League . Carlos Tevez -LRB- left -RRB- could add PSG to his list of clubs if reports in the Italian press are to be believed . Finally , the Italian papers are going big on the race with the Champions League . Both Corriere dello Sport and Tuttosport look to Saturday 's Roma-Napoli showdown as the first of a few clashes to decide the placings at the top of the table come the end of the season . Corriere also note that PSG could be a possible destination for Pogba , and that they are looking for a double swoop on Juventus with Carlos Tevez also a target . There is also a small mention for how Carlo Ancelotti could return to manage AC Milan from Real Madrid if the Spanish club call time on their Italian manager .