A North Carolina mechanic whose son was murdered nine years ago found an inscription dedicated to his fallen son on a car he was working on in his body shop . John Brynarsky 's son Chris , a custom paint job expert , was shot and killed in October 2006 after an argument in his car detail shop in Union County , North Carolina . When he was shot , he fell over the bumper he had just finished working on and damaged it , his friend Mark Cosentino said . So Cosentino repaired the bumper and put it back on the car , but not before writing a message on the inside . Chris Brynarsky -LRB- back left -RRB- was killed in his custom car detail shop in October 2006 . When he was shot , he fell over a bumper he was working on and damaged it . His friend Mark Cosentino repaired the bumper and wrote an inscription on the inside dedicated to his slain friend before reattaching it to the car . ` In memory of Christopher Brynarsky October 11th , 2006 11:45 AM , ' Cosentino told WZZM . ` I just wanted to immortalize him . That was my way of doing it ' Cosentino said he never thought anyone would see the inside of the bumper , but it resurfaced nine years later , in Chris Brynarsky 's father 's body shop in Charlotte . On Good Friday , John Brynarsky was working on a car when he took off the bumper and found the message . ` I did n't know what to do , ' John Brynarsky said . ` I did n't know what to think . ' Chris 's brother Jonathan , who also works at Hendrick Luxury Collision Center with his father , was just as shocked about the discovery . ` Somehow it came to this shop , somehow we got it and it 's just unreal , ' Jonathan told WZZM . ` You ca n't even write something like that . ' John Brynarsky was working on a car at Hendrick Luxury Collision Center in Charlotte , North Carolina , when he took of a bumper and found an inscription dedicated to his murdered son . When John Brynarsky met Cosentino after discovering the message , it was clear they shared a special bond . ` For it to end up with his Dad getting it , is just mind boggling , ' John said about finding the bumper . ` I ca n't believe it . ' And Cosentino said he 's grateful his memorial for Chris ended up in the right hands after nearly a decade . ` It 's a good feeling to know that I did do that and somebody else did see it , especially the right person , ' Cosentino said . ` It 's a good day when something like this happens . We do n't get a lot of days like this anymore . ' Though the Brynarsky family lost Chris nine years ago , but it seems he remains in everyone 's heart . ` I miss him every day , ' John said Brynarsky . ` And we think about him every day , too . '