Counterterrorism agencies have arrested two suspected Australian terrorists in Turkey on Thursday after they were caught trying to sneak into Syria to join the Islamic State . The Daily Telegraph reports that the two were found trying to use what has become a familiar potential route taken by Australian jihadists going to the Middle East . It happened a day after Turkey agreed to a new extradition treaty and an intelligence-sharing agreement with Australia . Australian officials confirmed the arrest of the two men . Two men were caught on a familiar route leading into the Middle East from Turkey . It 's claimed they were on their way to join with the Islamic State . The new agreement was also initiated to close the Turkish border to radicalised Australians and have them sent back to Australia to face possible jail terms under new foreign fighter legislation . Two men are believed to be still detained in Turkey . Officials could not confirm if and when they would be returned to Australia . The new extradition treaty and an intelligence-sharing agreement was struck on Wednesday during a meeting between Prime Minister Tony Abbott and Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu in the Turkish capital Ankara . The men were arrested in Turkey by counterterrorism agencies after being caught trying to sneak into Syria to join terror groups such as Islamic State . The extradition treaty specifically covers the detention and extradition of Australian foreign fighters . It would also cover criminal activity such as drug trafficking . Currently there are now an estimated 100 in Syria and Iraq , the majority of these make their way to the Middle east through Turkey . Australia has also agreed to expand its intelligence sharing with Turkish counterterrorism agencies . To counter the Islamic State , a new extradition treaty and an intelligence-sharing agreement deal was struck on Wednesday between Australia and Turkey . ` The important thing is to ensure that if Australians are tempted to go overseas and do the wrong thing we stop them -- and that is happening , ' Mr Abbott said . ` If people seek to return to Australia we want them arrested , prosecuted and jailed . ' Mr Davutoglu said : ` If Australia wants anyone detained or deported then we are ready to take those steps . ' Prime Minister Tony Abbott said the new deal was to ensure that ` if Australians are tempted to go overseas and do the wrong thing we stop them ' Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .