It 's constantly battling to protect us from terrorism and the host of other major threats in the modern world . So you might think MI5 would have more important things to worry about than running a competition for Blue Peter viewers to go to ` spy school ' . But that is exactly what has happened , after three youngsters won a competition to visit MI5 's London HQ . The children even got to attend a meeting with the security service 's director-general Andrew Parker . The winning contestants with Andrew Parker of MI5 -LRB- left -RRB- . The group were allowed inside the service 's HQ . The budding young Bonds -LRB- seen here played by Daniel Craig -RRB- were chosen from among 5,700 other hopefuls . Jamie , 13 , Reuben , 13 , and ten-year-old Finley were selected after a series of ` difficult ' tests to show they are young spies in the making . Codenamed Project Petra , the initiative was the first time cameras were allowed to film inside the MI5 building . It comes at a time when the UK 's intelligence agencies are busier than ever before fighting threats from Al Qaeda , Islamic State and Russia . And their ability to track foreign and home-grown terrorists and monitor their communications has been severely damaged due to the intelligence leaks by ex-US spy Edward Snowden . Some 5,700 children applied to the competition , making it one of the most popular in Blue Peter 's history . The young candidates had to complete a series of challenges and impress a judging panel made up of children 's author Anthony Horowitz , TV presenter and journalist Sonali Shah and Professor Christopher Andrew , the Security Service 's official historian . The finalists had to solve a series of clues to work out the location of the ` spy school ' in Manchester . The lucky trio with director general Andrew Parker -LRB- left -RRB- and Blue Peter presenter Barney Harwood -LRB- second left -RRB- . In last week 's episode , eight finalists had to crack codes to establish the location of the ` spy school ' , which was set up in the offices of accountancy firm KPMG in Manchester . And yesterday , the candidates were whittled down to the final three in a series of tests , including being quizzed on what they remembered from a walk around Manchester city centre to test their observational skills . Their guided tour of the MI5 building , which took place last month , will be shown in the third and final episode next Thursday . Finley , from Surrey , said : ` When I first entered MI5 it was way cooler than I thought it would be and I got to see loads of things that no-one else will ever get to see . ' Cameras were allowed to film inside MI5 as the boy 's dreams came true when they went on a guided tour . Jamie , from Glasgow , added that it ` felt really cool because we were making history ' and Reuben , from North Yorkshire , said : ` Being there for the very first time cameras have been allowed inside MI5 was an awesome experience and I loved doing it . ' The Blue Peter stunt came as Britain 's intelligence agencies launched a fresh drive to recruit more gay , ethnic and disabled spies . MI5 , MI6 and GCHQ have teamed up with gay rights charity Stonewall and other equal opportunities groups in a bid to attract employees from different backgrounds . An advert for the initiative , which was launched last year , said : ` Today 's spies come from every background modern Britain has on offer , a cultural and linguistic breadth that enables them to operate against every threat the UK faces . ` Diversity is not a `` nice to have '' , it is essential for them to succeed . ' The competition 's final hopefuls in Manchester searching for ` spy school ' before the three winners emerged . Jamie , Finley and Rueben turned out to be the best budding spies , coming out on top in Blue Peter 's challenge . In the first episode , broadcast last week , the children had to break a series of codes to find the location of ` spy school ' . Can you crack the codes ? Left to right : Jamie , Rueben and Finley were the winners of a chance to have a go at being a real James Bond . Jamie , 13 , from Glasgow . Jamie is a self-confessed gadget geek and would love to design gizmos for the spy agency . He has already won an engineering award for designing a special pair of gloves for astronauts to wear in space . His favourite subjects at school include maths , physics and chemistry . Jamie enjoys long distance running and jokes it could help him escape in tricky situations . Why does he want to be a spy ? ` The danger really , ' he said . ` You do n't know what 's going to happen . You could go out and anything could go wrong . ' Reuben , 13 , from North Yorkshire . Reuben describes himself as a ` polymath ' , someone who is a good all-rounder and he was praised by the judges for excelling in all areas . He loves playing rugby and says he is an adrenaline junkie who is not afraid to throw himself into dangerous situations . He is also very logical and enjoys solving riddles and cracking codes . Ruben said : ` What is quite useful it that I am kind of a polymath so I 'm quite good at everything : physical stuff , mental stuff , languages , so it 's not just having one speciality . ' Finley , 10 , from Surrey . Still at primary school , Finley was one of the youngest candidates . He impressed by writing his application to be on the show in code -- you had to read it in a mirror . Finley is a keen reader and a fan of the Secret Seven detective classics by Enid Blyton and James Bond . His favourite subjects are geography and sport . He says playing football has helped him be aware of what is happening around him , while swimming gives him stamina .