Having a truck for a home might not sound ideal to the average person but one creative family have transformed their moving house into a castle complete with a rooftop bathtub and guaranteed to please even the pickiest of travellers . While driving along New Zealand 's roads , the Siezen family 's house appears to be nothing more than an oversized and strangely shaped truck . But when it is unfolded , the vehicle transforms into a majestic but cosy home for Justin , Jola and their baby son Piko . New Zealand couple Justin and Jola transformed a huge truck into colourful and cosy castle-home . Complete with two turrets in the rear , each of the elements fold away into a compact structure . It meets the minimum road requirments and appears to be nothing more than an oversized and strangely shaped truck . However when it unfolds , the vehicle transforms into a majestic and cosy home for Justin , Jola and their baby son Piko . The couple told website Living Big in a Tiny House that their truck-castle was perfect for their travelling lifestyle , which involves constant travel due to Jola 's job as an acrobat in performing duo the Twisty Twinz . ` We were travelling around overseas and thought about coming back to New Zealand and where we were going to live . I remembered living in this bus and I was thinking `` that 's actually not a bad idea , that would be a good start when we get back until we decide on something else '' , ' Justin said . ` I like engineering , I like art and when you can put them both together it 's really good . This is like one big art project . ' After drawing up some plans , the couple began work on their project , They wanted to ensure that , while in travel mode , the house would meet minimum road requirements . Inside , a huge kitchen takes priority in the space with a full size oven for baking . The open space also includes a lounge area and dining table , complete with a fold out baby chair for Piko . ` We were travelling around overseas and thought about coming back to New Zealand . I remembered living in this bus and I was thinking `` that 's casually not a bad idea , that would be a good start when we get back until we decide on something else '' , ' Justin said . The bedroom , which sits in a small raised loft at the front of the truck , features wallpaper made from cut-outs from dozens of old musical songbooks . Beneath the entrance to the bedroom , a rotating cupboard with automatic lighting stores the family 's clothes in a number of cleverly built compartments . But their project soon became a more permanent home , filled with personal touches and smart designs that utilise the smallest of spaces . Inside , a huge kitchen takes priority in an open space with a full size oven for baking . It also features a lounge area and dining table , complete with a fold-out chair for baby Piko . Handmade furniture made from recycled materials also fill the space , from the shelf made out of old spanners to the kitchen bench-tops and cupboard which are made from a ` cross section of power poles , all sliced into planks ' . Before : The couple travel due to Jola 's job as as an acrobat in the performing duo the Twisty Twinz . After : ` I like engineering , I like art and when you can put them both together its really good . This is like one big art project , ' Justin said . In the making : Jola is an acrobat who performs all over New Zealand . ` These things will just keep changing all the time . As we develop and come up with more ideas , we find space for them , ' Justin said . At the back of the castle , two huge turrets make the home look just like a real castle . Even the bedroom , which sits in a small raised loft above the front of the truck , features wallpaper made from cut-outs of dozens of old musical songbooks . Beneath the entrance to the bedroom , a rotating cupboard with automatic lighting stores the family 's clothes in a number of cleverly-built compartments . At the back of the castle , each of the turrets open up to reveal a beautifully designed composting toilet and a functioning shower and washing machine , with water heated through a combination of solar panels on the roof , gas and a fireplace . One of the turrets open up to reveal a beautifully designed ` ying and yang ' composting toilet . The other holds a functioning shower and washing machine , with water heated through a combination of solar panels on the roof , gas and a wetback fire place . Amongst the ideas still under construction is the spacious roof-top balcony atop the house . It features a hammock and bathtub that overlook the panoramic views of each location travelled to . Power is supplied through the solar panels , while rain water is captured atop the roof and stored below the vehicle . Power is also supplied through the solar panels , while rain water is captured on the roof and stored below the vehicle . ` These things will just keep changing all the time . As we develop and come up with more ideas , we find space for them , ' Justin said . Amongst projects under construction are a spacious roof-top balcony complete with a hammock and bathtub .