An enormous diorama which shows the full extent of the Battle of Waterloo has gone on display to mark the 200th anniversary of the conflict . The model contains more than 30,000 figures , and illustrates all the key moments of the battle which allowed the Duke of Wellington to defeat Napoleon 's forces . It was built in the 1970s , but fell into disrepair before being restored to its former glory just in time for the battle 's bicentenary , which falls on June 18 of this year . Scroll down for video . Model : This diorama shows the full extent of the Battle of Waterloo , which took place almost exactly 200 years ago . General : Napoleon , pictured riding a white horse , is shown directing his troops in the unsuccessful attempt to defeat the British forces . Victor : Wellington , wearing a blue jacket with his right arm outstretched , won the battle and has been known as one of Britain 's greatest generals ever since . Light-hearted : The diorama shows little vignettes such as a British soldier relieving himself against a tree . The 25sq/m model has 21,500 soldiers and 10,000 horses , illustrating not just the major military events of the battle but also a number of light-hearted vignettes . Despite the enormous scale of the diorama , the number of troops featured is just a third of the true number who were killed or wound in the battle - and less than 10 per cent of the total number who took part . It is on display at the Royal Green Jackets Museum in Winchester , where it will serve as the centrepiece for the commemoration of the Battle of Waterloo . The diorama was not intended as a snapshot of the battle at any one point , but instead it depicts five different key stages in the progress of the conflict . Crucial : One of the key moments depicted is the battle for Hougoumont , a fortress which was successfully defended by Wellington . Melee : The British forming a square in the face of attacks from Napoleon 's troops . Charge : The Scots Greys making an intervention in the battle , whose 200th anniversary is this year . Indomitable : A farmer successfully defended his vegetable patch even as the battle raged all around him . Busted : Two British soldiers are depicted trying to sneak off with their regiment 's entire ration of gin . The first is the Battle for Hougoumont , a castle successfully defended by Wellington , followed by the attempt by d'Erlon Corps to attack Wellington 's centre , which was repelled by Lieutenant General Sir Thomas Picton . Next is the Charge of the Heavy Brigade , the Allied cavalry offensive that scattered the French infantry , then the unsuccessful French cavalry attacks on Wellington 's centre and right flank . The final crucial moment depicted is the attack of the Imperial Guard , Napoleon 's last desperate throw of the dice , which led to the guard being forced to retreat for the first time ever . Both the Duke of Wellington and Napoleon Bonaparte can be found on the model astride their horses directing the battle . There is also a grim depiction of Major General Sir William Ponsonby meeting his end - being speared by a group of French lancers . Grim : Major General William Ponsonby being cut down by a group of French lancers during the battle . Onslaught : French troops trying to break through the gates of Hougoumont , as the British guard the walls . Help : A wounded soldier being escorted off the battlefield by his wife , who was apparently acting as a camp nurse . Family : Women and children in the back of a cart on the edges of the Waterloo battlefield . Quagmire : Men , carts and horses get stuck in a muddy pit and try to haul their equipment out . Lighter moments include a Belgian farmer defending his prized vegetable patch while the battle rages around him , two English soldiers getting drunk on gin and an infantryman relieving himself against a tree . A large French fighter who was known as ` The Enforcer ' can be seen trying to break down an English barricade with an axe . Museum curator Vere Hayes said : ` There are so many vignettes within the diorama . ` One of my favourites is the gardener at Hougoumont . He and his family meant to escape before the battle but left it too late . He is portrayed on the model protecting his cabbages . Many French attackers saw him during the battle and laughed at his actions . ` The 200th anniversary of Waterloo is a landmark commemoration of a decisive victory that brought peace to Europe after years of conflict . ` Whilst thousands will be making the trip to Belgium to participate in and witness re-enactments on the battlefield , we can bring the battlefield to Britain . ' Late arrival : Von Blucher leading the Prussian troops onto the battlefield , in a decisive intervention . Repair : The diorama was in a poor condition before being restored ahead of the anniversary . Spruced up : These images show how the figures were covered in dust before their recent restoration . Conservation : Kelvin and Mary Thatcher used a vacuum cleaner to help remove the grime which had built up . Conservationists Kelvin and Mary Thatcher spent five months cleaning the figures on the diorama , and glued back together scores of severed limbs , lost swords and displaced cannonballs . Mr Hayes added : ` The diorama was made in the 1970s by Valhalla Models and acquired by the museum in the 1980s . But it never had a top put on it so has got extremely dusty over the years . ` Kelvin and Mary Thatcher took it apart in 16 sections and took four sections at a time back to their home in Norfolk where they cleaned each individual figure using an air hose and a vacuum cleaner . ` They have done a fantastic job and it is great to be able to see the incredible detail so clearly . ' The Battle of Waterloo on June 18 , 1815 stopped the advance of Napoleon across Europe and sent the great French emperor into exile for a second and final time . France 's troops were defeated by a multi-national coalition , led by the British army under the command of the Duke of Wellington . The armies amassed near the town of Waterloo in modern-day Belgium , not far from the border with France , and it was the French who made the first move around 11 am . The two sides clashed for 10 hours , with the British fending off repeated attacks from the French , until Marshal Blücher arrived at the head of a Prussian army . This was the decisive intervention which finished Napoleon off , allowing Wellington to counter-attack and forcing the Frenchman to surrender . The battle forced Napoleon from the throne of France , leading to his exile on St Helena - but Wellington later admitted it was ` the nearest-run thing you ever saw in your life ' . Despite the popular image of Waterloo as a heroic endeavour , it was also the scene of brutal slaughter as thousands of troops were killed , with the French bearing the brunt of the losses .