Horror : Shiva , 11 , was reportedly beaten to death for stealing another 's boy 's pencil and eraser . The head teacher of an Indian school has been arrested after he was accused of beating an 11-year-old pupil to death for stealing another 's boy 's pencil and eraser . Lalit Verma is said to have launched into a furious assault on a boy named only as Shiva after the stolen items were discovered in the boy 's bag at Dwarika Prasad School in Railamau village . The alleged beating was so severe that the child complained of a severe stomach ache and began vomiting blood once he arrived home . An ambulance was called but by the time Shiva got to nearby Fatehpur Hospital his condition deteriorated and he was declared dead on arrival . Verman has been charged with culpable homicide not amounting to murder and detained for questioning , the Times of India reported . The child 's body has now been taken for post-mortem to establish the cause of death , but police told reporters that it is likely he died of internal bleeding . Police superintendent OP Singh said Shiva 's father had filed a report with officers in Biddupur relating to the ` unnatural ' death of his son . Further legal action can only take place once an official verdict on the nature of Shiva 's death has been established and recorded . For his part the headteacher has reportedly admitting slapping Shiva while questioning him about the stolen stationary . Location : Lalit Verma is said to have launched into a furious assault on a boy named only as Shiva after the stolen items were discovered in the boy 's bag at Dwarika Prasad School in Railamau village -LRB- pictured -RRB- . According to First Post , the incident is not the first time the head teacher has been accused of using ` extreme ' corporal punishment on his young students . There are also numerous other reports of young Indian boys being beaten to death by teachers . In the city of Burdwan , West Bengal , a nine-year-old complained of a stomach ache and died just hours after his private tutor reportedly beat him with a stick to failing to answer a question . Elsewhere , in Bareilly , Uttar Pradesh , a young boy is said to have been beaten and thrown out of a window onto a busy road when his parents failed to pay school fees on time . The child is understood to have died shortly afterwards .