Two soldiers , one a Buckingham Palace guard , walked free from court yesterday despite inflicting a shocking beating on a helpless civilian . During the drunken attack , which was caught on CCTV , Scots Guard Shaun Smith , 25 , can be seen stamping 18 times on his victim 's head . His fellow soldier , Welsh Guard Jason Collins , 22 , rained blows with his fists on to the man 's body . Scroll down for video . CCTV cameras captured the horrifying attack last April in which soldiers Shaun Smith -LRB- left , in black jeans -RRB- and Jason Collins -LRB- right , bending over -RRB- , kicked and punched two men repeatedly near their barracks . Collins , 22 , -LRB- right -RRB- has been stationed at Buckingham Palace since the attack . Smith -LRB- left -RRB- , was described as an ` angel ' in court by his officer . The soldiers were expected to be jailed for the ` deeply unpleasant and inexcusable ' assault . But yesterday a judge at Teesside Crown Court made what even he admitted was an ` extraordinary ' decision to let the men walk free . Judge James Hill , QC , said he had decided to show mercy after hearing glowing tributes and being told the Army was keen to keep them . ` I state in open court that what I have done is entirely exceptional , ' he said . ` I ca n't say what the Army will do but I simply express the hope , as your commanding officers have expressed , that the Army feels able to keep you . ' The furious victim James Wormald -- who was left with the imprint of Smith 's shoe on his forehead -- said it was wrong that the pair had got off so lightly and that there was no excuse for what had happened . ` There was absolutely no reason for the attack , ' he said . ` To stamp on someone that many times and get away with only being sentenced for actual bodily harm is wrong . With one of their victims motionless on the ground the pair begin to chase the second across the main road near their barracks at Catterick Garrison in North Yorkshire . Reaching for his neck , Collins tries to grab the man before the pair chase him round a tree and back onto the road . After dragging the man onto the ground Collins is seen raising his fists and punching him repeatedly in the face . The pair earlier claimed they had been followed out of a nightclub by the victims who threatened to stab them . A judge rejected their version of events , saying the man seen in the footage -LRB- above -RRB- posed ` no threat ' when they were beating him . ` I do n't know how I escaped that without really serious injuries , the force they used could have killed me and I really expected them to go to jail for it . ' Both men were cleared by a jury of grievous bodily harm but admitted causing actual bodily harm . Smith was given a 12-month suspended jail sentence and ordered to do 80 hours of unpaid work . Collins was given a 12-month community order , and both men were each told to pay £ 1,000 compensation . The maximum penalty for a single count of occasioning actual bodily harm is five years imprisonment according to the Crown Prosecution Service 's sentencing guidelines . With both Smith and Collins found guilty of two counts each , the soldiers could have faced sentences of ten years . Instead they both walked free from court in what even the judge in the case described as ` exceptional ' . In the most lenient circumstances a sentence of one year in custody is advised . Smith was given a 12 month sentence suspended , while Collins received a 12-month community order . The pair launched the vicious attack after a night 's heavy drinking near Catterick Garrison in North Yorkshire last April . They matched each other drink for drink in bars and each downed six beers and 15 shots . They encountered local men Mr Wormald , 25 , and his friend Mark Thompson after leaving a bar at 3.30 am and there was an exchange of words . Collins and Smith claimed the two men had threatened to stab them -- a claim strongly denied by Mr Wormald , a chef . The court was shown video of Collins knocking Mr Thompson out cold with a single punch before he and Smith set upon Mr Wormald . Their victim runs across a road , trips and falls . Smith , who has a hood covering his face , can be seen bringing his foot down over and over on his victim 's head while Collins relentlessly pummels Mr Wormald 's body . The pair then ran off and hid in a stream , but were caught by the police . Mr Wormald had severe bruising to his face . Collins is highly regarded by the Welsh Guards and has been entrusted to stand guard at both Buckingham Palace and St James 's Palace since the incident . He is likely to keep his job . Scots Guard Smith was also of previous good character . Richard Herrmann , defending him , said : ` But for that night this man is an angel , but on that night he was a devil . ' Captain James Dyson said Smith had ` picked himself up ' since and ` is proving to be one of the best performing people in his platoon ' . Outside court Detective Constable Andy Palmer said : ` This is the most violent piece of CCTV footage I have seen in ten years as a police officer and it is extremely fortunate the victims were not more seriously injured . This case highlights the horrors of alcohol-fuelled violence . '