German aviation regulators say they were never made aware of Andreas Lubitz 's mental health issues . Killer pilot Andreas Lubitz searched the internet for information on suicide and depression using the name ` Skydevil ' , it has emerged . The chilling username was discovered after analysis of a tablet computer found at his home , according to German newspaper Bild . Investigators also found search terms for disorders such as ` bipolar ' and ` manic depressive ' . In a separate development , it has emerged that European regulators warned Germany 's aviation authority of inadequacies with its health check-ups in a regular review of air safety enforcement , the European Commission said . Its statement did not say when the review was carried out . But the Wall Street Journal said the Commission told Berlin in November ` to remedy the long-standing problems ' - months before the Germanwings crash that killed all 150 people aboard . Meanwhile , the aviation authority , the Luftfahrtbundesamt -LRB- LBA -RRB- , also said it did not know about Lubitz 's medical background prior to the crash . Parent company Lufthansa said Lubitz told officials at an airline training school he had gone through a period of severe depression in the past , raising questions over whether medical checks of crew members by the safety regulators and airlines are rigorous enough . EU officials found that the LBA had a lack of staff , which could have limited its ability to carry out checks on planes and crew , such as medical checks , the Journal reported , citing two people familiar with the matter . It said it was unclear whether the deficiencies identified at LBA were factors in the crash , however . Vetting of airline crew is in the spotlight after the budget airline flight was crashed deliberately into by Lubitz . ` On the basis of EASA -LRB- European Aviation Safety Agency -RRB- recommendations , the Commission has addressed the issues to Germany to require compliance . ` Germany 's replies are currently being assessed , ' the Commission spokesman said in the statement , emailed out on Saturday . ` All EU member states have findings and this is a normal and regular occurrence . It is part of a continuous system of oversight : findings are followed by corrective action , similar to an audit process , ' the Commission spokesman said , without specifying EASA 's findings in Germany . The spokesman was not immediately available for further comment . The Germanwings Airbus A320 -LRB- above -RRB- crashed into a mountain at 430mph , killing all 150 people on board . A spokeswoman for the LBA said EASA 's audits of national aviation authorities such as the LBA took place several times a year . She said the LBA had answered a single-figure number of criticisms levelled at it during the audits and those responses were now being assessed by EASA . Meanwhile , it has been claimed that Lufthansa did not inform aviation regulators that Lubitz had struggled with depression . Sources at the Federal Aviation Office -LRB- LBA -RRB- said they were never made aware of the 27-year-old 's mental health issues and only learned about them following the disaster . Lubitz perished in the crash alongside all those on board after locking his co-pilot out of the cockpit and deliberately accelerating into the French mountainside , prosecutors claim . His lengthy battle with depression was revealed afterwards when investigators carried out extensive checks on his record . However the LBA says it was never told of the observations made by doctors who had examined the 27-year-old in his ` earlier phase of serious depression ' . The first black box voice recorder from the Germanwings flight that was recovered last week and revealed Andreas Lubitz deliberately crashed the plane . The second has now also been retrieved from the wreckage . German newspaper Welt am Sonntag quoted sources as having discovered his mental health issues three days after the crash by accessing his medical file at Lufthansa 's Aeromedical Center . Records revealed he had been tested by doctors six times , the report claimed . Lufthansa declined to comment on its claims citing the ongoing investigation into the crash . Earlier the airline 's chief Carsten Spohr said it was entirely unaware Lubitz had suffered any health issues that would have compromised his ability to fly . Last week it however conceded he had told his flight school of a previous bout of ` severe depression ' in 2009 . He was later given a medical certificate confirming he was fit to fly . Prosecutors claimed the pilot was diagnosed as suicidal several years before receiving his licence and that doctors had only recently concluded there was no evidence he wanted to harm himself . French emergency rescue services work at the crash site of the Germanwings plane where 150 people died . Lubitz had been signed off sick repeatedly in the days before the crash , with doctors notes found crumpled in his apartment following the disaster . Forensics teams are still working at the crash site , painstakingly recovering debris which they hope will aid investigations . It is not yet known whether the pilot was taking medication at the time of the crash , though data recovered from the scene revealed he had deliberately accelerated into the side of a mountain . He had previously been prescribed an anti-anxiety drug so strong that users are warned not to drive while under its influence . In the days before hand he had researched suicide methods and cockpit security online , all the while telling doctors he was not flying but on sick leave . Team talk : French gendarmes get ready to visit the crash site of the German Airbus A320 as part of the search operation in Seyne-les-Alpes .