Fox News anchor Chris Wallace has issued an apology after ` fat shaming ' Kelly Clarkson in a radio interview , saying that he should have spoken of the singer 's ` remarkable talent ' , not her weight . During the interview with conservative talk show host , Mike Gallagher , the 67-year-old was asked : ` Have you seen Kelly Clarkson ? You know the singer , Kelly Clarkson ? Holy cow , did she blow up . ' In reply , he said the ` American Idol ' winner has ` a lovely voice ' , but added that she ` could stay off the deep dish pizza for a while ' . Within minutes , Wallace 's response had sparked outrage online . Now , the veteran news man has apologized for his ` offensive ' remarks - which he made on the nationally-syndicated Mike Gallagher Show on Friday - in a statement obtained by DailyMail.com . SCROLL DOWN FOR ` FAT SHAMING ' INTERVIEW . Firestorm : Fox News Sunday anchor Chris Wallace -LRB- right -RRB- , 67 , faced wide-spread criticism after fat shaming Kelly Clarkson -LRB- left -RRB- on Friday , saying the singer and new mom could ` stay off the deep dish pizza for a while ' Dealing with it : The same day , Kelly Clarkson told chat show host Ellen DeGeneres that she 's had to deal with criticism about her weight since she first hit the spotlighton the first season of American Idol in 2002 . In the statement , Wallace said : ` I sincerely apologize to Kelly Clarkson for my offensive comment . I admire her remarkable talent and that should have been the focus of any discussion about her . ' Clarkson , who coincidentally spoke of criticism about her weight on The Ellen DeGeneres Show the same day , is married to talent manager Brandon Blackstock . They have a nine-month-old girl , River . Following Friday 's interview , Wallace 's fellow Fox News anchor , 60-year-old Greta Van Susteren , almost immediately took to her blog to chastise her colleague over his comments to Gallagher . ` This `` guy snickering '' about her weight is obnoxious . He should apologize , ' Van Susteren wrote . Meanwhile , Twitter users condemned Wallace for his ` disgusting ' remarks . One wrote : ` Chris Wallace you 're disgusting how dare you fat shame a woman who gave birth less than a year ago . ' During her appearance on The Ellen DeGeneres Show , Clarkson revealed that since she appeared on ` American Idol ' in 2002 , she has had to deal with people being mean about her body shape . On Kelly 's side : Following Friday 's interview , Wallace 's fellow Fox News anchor , Greta Van Susteren -LRB- above -RRB- , 60 , almost immediately took to her blog to chastise her colleague over his comments to Mike Gallagher . Tweet : ` This `` guy snickering '' about her weight is obnoxious . He should apologize , ' Van Susteren wrote . Mom-and-baby bag : Ellen surprised Kelly , whose daughter River was born in June 2014 , with a baby bag that dispenses ` mommy juice ' after the singer said she sometimes prefers wine to workouts on Friday 's show . ` I was the biggest girl in the show , too . And I was n't big , but people would call me big . Because I was the biggest one on Idol and I 've kind of always gotten that , ' she told the host . Referring to British TV personality , Katie Hopkins , who has tweeted a string of rude comments about her , she added : ` People are like , I 'm so sorry that lady in London was so mean to you . ` I 'm like , are you serious ? Like get in line . ' In an interview with Access Hollywood in early March , Hopkins , 40 , defended her position on the Heartbeat Song artist , declaring that ` ultimately , Kelly Clarkson is a chunky monkey . ' Proud mom : The singer brought along her adorable nine-month-old daughter River and introduced her to the comedienne backstage at The Ellen DeGeneres Show . Happy and successful : Kelly 's new album Piece By Piece debuted at number one on the Billboard 200 Chart , making it her third number one album . But Clarkson told Ellen she feels bad not for herself but for other woman . ` I think what hurts my feelings ... is that I 'll have a meet and greet after the show and a girl who is , like , bigger than me will be in the meet and greet and be like , ` wow , if they think you 're big , I must be so fat to them '' , she said . The new mother , who gave birth to her daughter in June 2014 , revealed on the popular TV chat show that she takes a philosophical approach to comments about what she looks like . ` We are who we are . Whatever size , ' the 32-year-old said . She added : ` I 'm such a creative person that I yoyo . So sometimes I 'm more fit and I get into kickboxing hardcore . And then sometimes I do n't and I 'm like . . I 'd rather have wine . '