Ever decided against an outfit because you 've already been tagged in it on Facebook ? You 're not alone . Britons apparently spend £ 815million a year to ` social media proof ' their wardrobe , with men forking out more than women , according to a new study . The research into the rise of the ` insta-wardrobe ' , which polled 2,000 adults , revealed nearly one third buy new clothes just to avoid being multi-tagged in the same outfit . Brits spend £ 815m a year to ` social media proof ' their wardrobe , according to a new survey . Almost a fifth said that they would refuse to wear an outfit again if they knew there was a chance of appearing wearing the same thing online , the study showed . And , in a surprising result , men appeared to be the most social-conscious gender , spending an average of £ 61 to safe-guard against this modern day anxiety , as opposed to women 's £ 53.50 . As social media has made fashion and style more accessible than ever , it drives how we shop and what we wear . Facebook recorded 1.39 billion users at the end of 2014 , with Instagram growing to over 300 million users with over 70 million photos and videos being shared every day . Almost a fifth of those polled said that they would refuse to wear an outfit again if they knew there was a chance of appearing in the same outfit online -LRB- stock image -RRB- . Fashion industry commentator Lily Melrose says she is constantly inspired to try new styles by other bloggers on social media . The average adult has 338 Facebook friends , meaning their style selfies are being reviewed and commented on by hundreds of people with each upload . Indeed , one in four of those surveyed by TK Maxx said that gaining comments and likes on their outfits on social media inspires them to try new styles . And sources of style inspiration are also changing ; 11 per cent of those polled credited bloggers as more inspirational than fashion designers , with fashion news often breaking exclusively via Facebook and Twitter . Bloggers are now gracing the cover of Vogue and fashion designers are live streaming their shows . Lily Melrose , fashion blogger and industry commentator , commented : ` Instagrammers and bloggers are undoubtedly the new tastemakers of obtainable and relatable style . ` Social media has totally changed the face of fashion today and the way we shop . ` The beauty of social sharing sites is that you can be inspired by such a wide range of people , from your friends , bloggers , celebrities and family . ` On social media there is something for everyone as unique and individual looks are celebrated and shared . ` I ca n't count the times I 've been inspired by another blogger or someone on my Instagram page to try something new and I love sharing my looks with my readers . ' Deborah Dolce , Group Brand & Marketing Director at TK Maxx said : ` Social media is moving people toward a wide range of fashion ideals and style icons . ` While celebrity culture is still strong , we now look to a much broader base of people for inspiration from our friends to bloggers to online style trailblazers . Social media platforms enable us to express ourselves freely and showcase our personal style . '