Nicola Sturgeon has said she would work with Ed Miliband 's left-wing backbenchers to ensure a Labour minority government did not pursue austerity . The SNP leader also pledged to form alliances with minor parties such as the Greens and Plaid Cymru to ensure Mr Miliband did not impose any more cuts . ` I do n't think the country can afford more austerity , ' she told ITV 's The Agenda . ` I would be seeking to build alliances with parties like Plaid Cymru and the Greens and backbenchers . I could never ever support a Tory government . ' Nicola Sturgeon has said she would work with Ed Miliband 's left-wing backbenchers to ensure a Labour minority government did not pursue austerity . Miss Sturgeon said she would make a decision on an issue-by-issue basis , forcing a Labour minority government to seek SNP support for every single bill . The comments came after a Scottish poll delivered another blow to Mr Miliband 's hopes of achieving an overall majority . The shock survey found that 52 per cent of voters north of the border supported Nicola Sturgeon 's nationalists -- more than double Labour 's support at just 24 per cent . It means Mr Miliband could not hope to move into Number 10 without the SNP 's say-so . Asked if never she could never vote down a Labour government , Miss Sturgeonresponded : ` Minority government is all about building alliances on an issue by issue basis . ` It 's about where can I find support across this parliament for the position I want to build upon . ' Ms Sturgeon also pledged to form alliances with minor parties such as the Greens and Plaid Cymru . She confirmed she would like to see some sort of pact between Labour and the SNP ; although she would not want a Coalition . ` Minority government can be stable and effective and successful , and we know how can contribute to making a minority government work , ' she said . ` We have a vested interest as long as we are part of the Westminster system to make sure it works as well as possible . ` What I am trying to say is look , here is a hand of friendship and not be secretive about my support for independence . ' Miss Sturgeon insisted a vote for the SNP did not mean a vote for a second referendum . She said : ` As the leader of the SNP I am saying very clearly to people that voting SNP in this election is not voting for another independence referendum . ` For there to be another ref people would have to vote for a party that had that as a proposal in a manifesto in a Scottish parliament election . ` For the SNP to put it into another manifesto there has to be a change of circumstances from last year . ' The TNS poll , which showed the Liberal Democrats on 6 per cent and 13 per cent siding with the Tories , would see Labour losing dozens of seats in Scotland . This would make it almost impossible for him to get an overall majority in Westminster ; increasing the chances of him having to reach a deal with the SNP to win power . The poll 's 28-point lead is nearly double last month 's figure , when the SNP and Labour scored 46 per cent and 30 per cent respectively . The Scottish nationalists ' surge in the polls comes amid signs of a split between Labour leadership in London and Jim Murphy , the Labour leader in Scotland . Mr Murphy has suggested that the party would not need to make ` further cuts to achieve our spending rules ' in the next parliament . First Minister and SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon receives flowers while on the General Election campaign trail at New Lanark World Heritage Site , Lanarkshire . The Scottish First Minister said the SNP would never form an alliance with the Conservative Party but could support Labour . But yesterday Chuka Umunna , Labour 's business spokesman , slapped him down ; telling the BBC 's Daily Politics programme that cuts would have to be made throughout the life of the new parliament . ` The leader of the Scottish Labour Party will not be in charge of the UK budget , ' she said . ` The leader of our country , our next prime minister , Ed Miliband , will be in charge of the UK budget . And he was absolutely clear : there will be the need for further consolidation and cuts throughout the rest of the parliament . ' And , speaking to the BBC Radio 4 Today Programme , Shadow Chancellor Ed Balls said : ` I ca n't say to Scotland that you 're going to be exempt from spending cuts in the unprotected areas but they 're sensible . ' Labour Party leader Ed Miliband speaks at train engineering company in Loughborough today , with just over three weeks until polling day . Mr Miliband has insisted that he is not concerned about the polls in Scotland and claimed people were still making up their minds . When asked at his manifesto launch in Manchester the state of the polls in Scotland , Mr Miliband said : ` There is a really important argument now about what the SNP commitments are . ` Let 's see what happens on May 7 in relation to Scotland , because I think there are many , many people still making up their minds . ' Scottish Labour leader Jim Murphy said : ` The choice at this election could n't be clearer - investment in the future of young Scots and an end to austerity with Scottish Labour , or losing £ 1,400 per person for our schools and hospitals with Nicola Sturgeon 's plans for full fiscal autonomy . '