Sue Southern , head of West Midlands Counter Terrorism Police Unit , which has detained three people in relation to terrorism offences today . Police have arrested two 17-year-old boys on suspicion of preparing to travel to Syria to join terrorists , while also detaining a ` terror fundraiser ' . The teenagers were detained at their homes in Coventry , West Midlands , during a 6 am raid by the region 's Counter Terrorism Unit today . A 39-year-old man in Coventry has also been held on suspicion of fundraising for the purpose of terrorism , Scotland Yard said . All three are currently in custody in a West Midlands police station and have been detained under the Police and Criminal Evidence Act . The legislation gives officers a maximum of 36 hours before they can charge , release , bail or apply for further detention . West Midlands Police has said the arrests of the teenagers were pre-planned and there was no immediate risk to the public . A Metropolitan Police spokesman said the arrests were part of two separate investigations while officers say enquiries into both are continuing . The West Midlands Counter Terrorism Unit has appealed for help in identifying would-be terrorists after it was revealed there had been a rise in the number Syria-related investigations in the region . One of Britain 's most senior counter terrorism officers , Assistant Commissioner Mark Rowley , explained the challenge for police is identifying potential jihadi fighters . This is because many of the young people from the West Midlands suspected to have travelled to the conflict zone had no previous links to extremist groups . Detective Chief Superintendent Sue Southern , who heads up the West Midlands Counter Terrorism Unit , said : ` We are seeing young people who previously had no reason to be known to the authorities , being radicalised . ` It makes working with communities all the more important if we are to stop young people from becoming involved in terrorist activities . ' The West Midlands Counter Terrorism Unit has appealed for help in identifying would-be terrorists after it was revealed there had been a rise in the number Syria-related investigations in the region . Assistant Commissioner Mark Rowley , one of the country 's most senior counter terrorism officers , has warned there has been a high rise in the number of Syria-related investigations in the West Midlands . The force has seen a number of high profile Syria-related investigations , which have resulted in people appearing in court . Two men , aged 22 , from Handsworth were recently sentenced for terrorism offences while a man and a woman stood trial in September and October . Detective Chief Superintendent Sue Southern , added : ` We have a number of other on-going investigations involving individuals suspected of fighting with proscribed groups . ` Anyone who does travel to the region faces being questioned by police when they return . Every case is assessed individually but if there are grounds to suspect a person has been involved in terrorism they will be arrested . ' She urged families to allow police to intervene at as early a stage as possible to ` help safeguard young people ' . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .