The girlfriend of a British student killed in the Alps plane tragedy told last night how he switched flights ` at the last moment ' - and revealed she did not blame the co-pilot who crashed the jet . Paul Bramley , 28 , died when Andreas Lubitz locked the Germanwings flight 's captain out of the cockpit before flying the plane into a mountainside , killing all 150 people on board . But girlfriend Anneli Tiirik , 23 , said she did not blame Lubitz , 27 , who had hidden a sick note on the day of the crash and was found to have researched suicide methods in the days leading up to it . Couple : Anneli Tiirik -LRB- right -RRB- said she did not blame the co-pilot for the death of her boyfriend Paul Bramley -LRB- left -RRB- . Killer co-pilot : Andreas Lubitz locked the captain out of the cockpit before flying the plane into a mountainside . She told the Sunday People : ` I can not hate or blame someone for being sick . Instead of blaming sick people and trying to understand their motives from the perspective of a health mind , we should concentrate on changing the system that enables such people to be in positions of power . ' The music student - who began dating Mr Bramley four years ago - said she hoped airlines would bring in greater checks , such as brain scans , to prevent similar disasters in future . She said she had waited for Mr Bramley at Manchester Airport , having flown in herself from Estonia , before later learning of the crash . ` He was originally meant to land in Manchester on the Monday night , but he changed his flight at the last moment for Tuesday . Tribute : Flowers in front of a monument in Le Vernet , France , in homage to victims of the Germanwings flight . Martyn Matthews -LRB- centre left , with his family -RRB- , 50 , from Wolverhampton , was among the other Britons killed . ` That was all the information his mum and I had , because he had switched off his mobile phone . I had a bad feeling because he would never have left me alone waiting like that . ' Probing : Search operations last month at the crash site of the Airbus A320 , near Seyne-les-Alpes . She added that she had been at the airport for a few hours when a relative of his came to pick her up . The woman got out of her car with tissues in her hand , and Miss Tiirik then knew ` the worst had happened ' . Originally from Hull , Mr Bramley was studying hospitality and hotel management at Ceasar Ritz College in Lucerne and had been set to start an internship on April 1 . He had just finished his first year at the college and was flying home via Dusseldorf from a few days holiday with friends in Barcelona when he was killed . The other Britons killed were Martyn Matthews , 50 , from Wolverhampton , and seven-month-old Julian Pracz-Bandres , from Manchester , who died alongside his mother , Marina Bandres Lopez Belio , 37 , originally from Spain . Many UK airlines changed their rules in the wake of the crash to ensure two people were in the cockpit at all times . The Mail on Sunday reported last month how Mr Bramley 's father made an emotional appeal for the 150 dead not to be forgotten and demanded airlines be more ` transparent ' . Fighting back tears in Digne , close to where his son perished on March 24 , Philip Bramley said : ` What is relevant is that it should never happen again ; my son and everyone on that plane should not be forgotten , ever . I do n't want it to be forgotten , ever . ' He added : ` I believe the airlines should be more transparent and our finest pilots looked after properly . We put our lives and our children 's lives in their hands . ` I want to see this cloud over this town lifted and the natural beauty be restored and not to be remembered by the action of a single person . ' Stressed pilots warned air chiefs about a possible rise in cockpit suicides a month before the Germanwings disaster , it was claimed today . More than 6,600 captains and first officers were asked about working conditions -- with a report revealing allegations that many pilots were becoming ` ticking time-bombs ' . The European Commission-funded study insisted that financial pressures , a lack of job security and excessive working hours were leaving many airmen and women depressed . Professor Peter Turnbull , one of the experts who helped compile the report , said : ` All these pilots tell you that they still go to work when they know they should n't be flying . ' He added : ` When this report was published , the main discussion around it was what it would take for the industry to take notice . Everyone said a crash . ' A British Airline Pilots Association spokesman said : ` Insecure forms of employment , such as zero-hours contracts , have been a major concern for pilots for some time . ` However , the Germanwings accident is still under investigation and there is no evidence at this stage that employment conditions were a factor in that tragedy . '