A judge has dismissed stalking and harassment charges filed against an ice cream truck operator who had been accused of trying to run his rival , Mr. Ding-A-Ling , out of their small New York town in a local turf war . Prosecutors in Fulton County say a judge in Gloversville dismissed the charges against Joshua Malatino this week . Malatino and his then-girlfriend , Samantha Scott of the Snow Kone Joe ice cream truck business were charged in April 2013 after the driver of a Mr. Ding-a-Ling truck said the two had repeatedly harassed and stalked him . Scroll down for video . Exonerated : A judge has dismissed stalking and harassment charges filed against Joshua Malatino , seen here with and Amanda Scott in June 2013 , after a driver of a rival truck claimed they tried to put him out of business . Cold war : Malatino allegedly offered his rival 's customers free ice cream and boasted that he ` owned the town 's ice cream truck business in Gloversville ' The resolution to the case marks two years of bitter legal battles between Malatino , Scott and Phillip Hollister , of Mr. Ding-A-Ling , who the pair were accused of stalking . Indeed , when the fractious dispute first came to national attention in 2013 , Scott and Malatino were accused of chasing Hollister 's truck and playing loud music to disrupt his customers . Hollister and Mr. Ding-A-Ling said that Malatino would shout , ` You do n't have a chance , this is my town ' , while he angrily followed the rival ice cream truck . On another occasion , Hollister said that Malatino pulled up behind his truck and offered free ice cream to undercut him . Embarrassing : The couple were arrested in April 2013 and accused of harassing and stalking another ice cream vendor in the small town in upstate New York . Fine : Scott 's separate case resulted in her accepting a fine for disorderly conduct . She is no longer with Malatino . Testing times : Amanda Scott was reported to be a co-owner in Snow Kone Joe ice cream truck business in Gloversville . Moving on : Samantha Scott is no longer with Malatino and it is not known if she lives in Gloversville anymore . Hollister made complaints to police in Gloversville and they warned Scott and Malatino to cease their aggressive actions . The one-time lovers were arrested and charged with harassment and stalking and the town refused to renew his license to sell ice cream . However , ultimately the case was thrown out . The judge in the case said that offering free ice cream was not illegal and their meetings were always accidental . Malatino told the Times Union he never doubted his name would be cleared . ` I 'm happy it 's over and the decision came down in my favor . I think it was ridiculous from day one and felt it was a personal attack against me , ' said Malatino . ` My name has been tarnished across the world because this was all over the Internet , and it affected my daughter and my family , ' said Malatino . Scott pleaded guilty to disorderly conduct and was given a fine . Authorities said the incidents did not meet the legal definitions of harassment .