When rural farmer Ashley Stewart and his wife Felicity found a baby male kangaroo on the side of the road in 2013 , they had no idea that the little joey would quickly become part of their family . Two years on , the curious and friendly joey they have dubbed ` Dusty ' is now so comfortable living with the couple and their dogs Lilly and Rosie on their farm , near Esperance in Western Australia , that the Stewart 's are convinced he actually thinks he is a dog too . Dusty rides around the property in the back of Mr Stewart 's truck along with the dogs , sleeps with them on a dog bed , eats with them , asks for scratches , and even tries to sneak dog treats when he can . Scroll down for video . Dusty the kangaroo -LRB- right -RRB- has convinced himself that he is a dog , and spends his days with Ashley and Felicity Stewart 's dogs Rosie and Lilly , on the couple 's farm in Esperance , Western Australia . His unique behaviour began when Mr Stewart decided to drive down to a dam on the couple 's property in Wittenoom Hills , 60 kilometres from Esperance , and loaded Lilly , a golden retriever , and Rosie , a border collie , into the truck bed . ` I loaded the dogs in and he was hanging around and looking up at the truck and so I just picked him up and put him in the back with them , ' Mr Stewart told Daily Mail Australia . ` I did n't think too much of it , we drove down and came back together , ' he said . ` He 's been fine sitting on the back , as I do n't drive too fast because I 'd be worried about him jumping off . He does n't jump in , I lift him in and out . ' While the adventure down to the dam has only happened a few times , Dusty , who the couple often call ` Skip ' , has also picked up some very canine-like habits . ` He 's either eating or sleeping . He 's a very placid creature , and every time you walk out the door if he 's not laying in his bed he comes up and wants a pat and a scratch , ' Mr Stewart said . ` He even puts his arms up and wraps them around you like he 's giving you a cuddle , ' he said . And just like most dogs , while Dusty gets along well with Lilly and Rosie , he does n't care much for the couple 's cat . Dusty the kangaroo sleeps and eats with the dogs , and often tries to sneak their food as well as his own . Mr Stewart said that Dusty will hold his arms up and wrap them around like he is trying to give a cuddle . ` He just likes to hang out with the dogs , probably because he thinks he 's a dog . He eats and sleeps with them , and will wander down to the shed with them and lay around if I 'm working there , ' Mr Stewart said . Dusty also has a collar , like many dogs , as a protective measure to ensure he can be found at nighttime . ` When he was little we used to let him out during the day and he 'd go off grazing and would n't come back at night , so we 'd have to go looking for him , ' Mr Stewart said . ` We just could n't find him as kangaroos do n't make any noise and are very still , ' he said . ` Once we found him he would always come back with us , so we decided to wrap some reflective tape around a collar so when we shone a torch at night we could see him ' . While Mr Stewart said that there are ` plenty of people around who look after orphaned joeys ' , their situation is a bit unusual . ` In a rural area like this there are always kangaroos around who unfortunately get hit on the road and for various reasons orphaned joeys are found , and so we were n't sure when we took him home what would happen , ' he said . But by the time the couple had started to feed him , and weened him off milk , he was part of the clan . Now , instead of milk , Dusty eats a mixture of grains , and guinea pig/rabbit food , his favourite treats are an apple or bread . ` Although when we feed the dogs he often wants what they 're having , ' said Mr Stewart . Unsurprisingly for a joey who has convinced himself he 's one of the pups , he often tries to get some of the dog biscuits too .