A Canadian adultery website which boasts ` life is short , have an affair ' is targeting British investors because of the UK 's supposed ` laissez faire ' attitude to extra-marital affairs . Ashley Madison , an online dating agency , is betting on Europe 's relaxed attitude to boost its investment when it lists shares on the stock market in London later this year . It 's founder Noel Biderman , 43 , who came up with the idea for the site in the 1990s when he worked as a sports attorney , wants to raise money from investors to fund a launch of its services in Russia , Ukraine and the Baltic states . Scroll down for video . Noel Biderman , 43 , -LRB- pictured -RRB- who is the founder of Ashley Madison - a Canadian dating website for married people - wants to raise money from British investors to fund a launch of its services elsewhere in the world . Ashley Madison , a Canadian online dating agency which boasts ` life is short , have an affair ' , is targeting British investors for stock shares because of the UK 's supposed ` laissez faire ' attitude to extra-marital affairs . With more than 34 million members worldwide , Ashley Madison claims to be the world 's second-largest dating website . Only Match.com is bigger . Despite being happily married himself , father-of-two Mr Biderman , who was born in Canada , claims infidelity can actually save relationships and believes people ` use affairs to preserve their marriage ' . He is a self-made multi-millionaire having successfully launched the company in Toronto before rolling it out in other major nations . Avid Life Media , the parent company of Ashley Madison , values itself at £ 669million -LRB- $ 1 billion -RRB- and had a reported revenue of £ 77million -LRB- $ 115 million -RRB- in 2014 alone - up 45 percent from the preceding year . Mr Biderman believes the website is such a success because it gives members the ` perfect affair ' - helping them cheat on their partner with like-minded people and reducing their chances of getting caught in the act . He now wants to raise up to £ 135million -LRB- $ 200 million -RRB- by listing shares for Ashley Madison in London this year , to help continue its growth worldwide . It comes five years after a lack of investor appetite caused it to pull an attempt to list in Canada . Avid Life Media has 1.2 million customers in the UK and 35million worldwide but was forced to scrap a flotation in Toronto in 2010 after investors were n't convinced to buy in . Mr Biderman came up with the idea for Ashley Madison in the 1990s when he was working as a sports attorney . He said he realised there was a space in the market for the site after watching stars arrange affairs . Mr Biderman claims to have been happily married to his wife Amanda for 10 years and the pair have two sons . The company hopes success in London will help it fund a launch of its services in Russia , Ukraine and the Baltic states in late May or June . Membership is growing quickest in India , South Korea and Japan . Ashley Madison 's website allows members to sign up without disclosing personal information such as their name , telephone number or home address . Visitors to the site are greeted by a brunette woman , who is extending her finger across her lips in a shushing gesture . She is wearing what appears to be a wedding ring . Christoph Kraemer , director of international relations for Ashley Madison said : ` It is for people who are married , who are seeking an affair and want to do so in a discreet environment . ` In Europe , we have simply got a more laissez faire attitude towards a business such as ours . ' Mr Kraemer also believes the website can actually help married couples , by ` igniting a spark in their marriage ' . He said : ` The response we get from our members who have actually had an affair via the website is that they feel happier , invigorated and transmit that happiness , which actually reinforces and ignites a spark in their marriage and relationships . ' Avid Life Media , which is backed financially by a number of anonymous investors , owns also various other similar websites including Cougarlife.com and EstablishedMen.com . Ashley Madison 's website allows members to sign up without disclosing personal information such as their name , telephone number or home address . Visitors are greeted by a brunette woman with a finger to her lips . Married father-of-two Neil Biderman , 43 , -LRB- pictured -RRB- is the man behind dating website Ashley Madison . The founder of the world 's largest online dating agency for extra-marital activity which boasts ` life is short , have an affair ' is a multi-millionaire father-of-two who claims to have been happily married for 10 years . Neil Biderman , 43 , the man behind dating website Ashley Madison , has made millions from his unique website which offers married partners the chance to have an affair with other spouses . However , despite his hugely successful business , Canadian-born Mr Biderman -- who is often referred to as ` the king of infidelity ' claims he has never cheated on his wife Amanda and remains happily married . The couple have two sons . Despite his loyalty claims , Mr Biderman did once reveal that he would n't hesitate to cheat if the sexual relationship with his wife dried up . Speaking to the Evening Standard last year , he said : ` We 're incredibly communicative about our sexual needs . ` But if I woke up beside my wife and it was the 200th day we had n't been intimate with one another and it looked like nothing would change , I would cheat so fast . ` I would cheat long before I would get a divorce . If you have children that you love and a home that you built together and a future that you planned -- why would you give that up just for sex ? ' Mr Biderman came up with the idea for the extra-marital dating site in the 1990s , after a career as a sports attorney apparently made him realise how much time and money his clients spent on mistresses while they were away on tour . The site has made him a self-made multi-millionaire and he claims it is worth at least £ 669million -LRB- $ 1 billion -RRB- . Despite its risqué nature , Mr Biderman 's wife does n't appear to mind because she agrees it is a ` sound business idea ' . The pair insist the social network is just a tool and no one can force anyone to betray a spouse and even believe the dating website can actually help save marriages . M Biderman said previously : ` The reason people have affairs is that they want to stay married . ` What I get is a lot of people who come back to me and say : ` Listen , this has made me a better partner . ' ` They were angry and taking things out on their family . The sexual frustration they were feeling , they start having the affair and all of a sudden , that stress is removed . It 's very cathartic for those people . ` If you come home and you 've had an affair earlier in the day , it might be easier not to be frustrated with your partner . The conversation could take a different directional tone and that can lead to intimacy . He also has previously said : ` My belief is that people use affairs to preserve their marriage . '