Lewis Hamilton 's love of the Shanghai International Circuit continues to show no bounds as the reigning Formula One champion again claimed pole position for the race . Hamilton now has a record five poles to his name at the track , and three in succession , to take his tally to 41 overall in his career . The 30-year-old Briton ultimately finished just 0.042 secs ahead of his Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg to give the team another front-row lock out . Ferrari 's Sebastian Vettel , a surprise winner last time out in Malaysia , will start third , albeit down by nine tenths of a second on Hamilton . Now click here to read the full qualifying report . Host commentator . Thank you for joining us this morning and be sure to return tomorrow for our coverage of Sunday 's race . 1 Hamilton ; 2 Rosberg ; 3 Vettel ; 4 Massa ; 5 Bottas ; 6 Raikkonen ; 7 Ricciardo ; 8 Grosjean ; 9 Nasr ; 10 Ericsson . ` Oh come on , guys ' , Rosberg exasperates after missing out on pole by 0.042 secs . Hamilton fails to improve on his time , but it does n't matter as Rosberg ca n't beat his lap . It is Hamilton 's pole . Back on track and all 10 drivers are out for their final runs and they 're all on fresh tyres . Here we go ... Meanwhile ... Vettel crosses the line to go fourth fastest as he splits the Williams pair of Massa and Bottas . We 've got four minutes to run . The Mercedes pair are so much quicker than the rest of the field here . Raikkonen is the first of the Ferrari drivers to post a time and he is the best part of two seconds slower than Hamilton on a used set of option tyres . And Hamilton crosses the line with a 1:35.782 . Wow . What can Rosberg do ? The Mercedes man is 0.280 secs slower than his team-mate . Bottas is the first driver to post a competitive lap , and he crosses the start-finish line with a 1:37.903 ... but it is Hamilton up next . We 'll see two runs from each driver and Hamilton is the first of the Mercedes pair to take to the track . So , we 're already underway with the final session to determine the top 10 ... surely , Lewis Hamilton wo n't be stopped in his quest for a third straight pole this year ? So , surprisingly both Toro Rossos fail to make the top-10 shootout with Verstappen and Sainz to start 13th and 14th tomorrow . Hamilton remains the quickest man on the track . So , we 're in the last minute of Q2 and Massa , Ericsson , Nasr and Perez are facing the drop . Vettel crosses the line to go faster than Raikkonen , but he is half-a-second off Hamilton 's mighty lap . Raikkonen goes third-fastest with a 1:37.1 , but the Finn is seven tenths slower than Hamilton ... what can Vettel do in the sister Ferrari ? Neither Ferrari driver are yet to post a time , so the best of the rest behind the Mercedes pair is currently the Lotus of Romain Grosjean , 1.6 seconds slower than Hamilton . That really is a stunning time from the world champion . Rosberg follows Hamilton across the line , but he is three tenths slower than his Mercedes team-mate . The Briton really appears to be a class above his Mercedes team-mate this weekend . Valtteri Bottas leads the way until Hamilton posts a 1:36.423 with his first run of the afternoon on the soft-option tyre . He then reports that his seat was getting really warm on that lap ; a problem he mentioned during practice this morning . The second session is underway in Shanghai to determine which drivers will make it through to the top-10 shootout . That 's quite a big shock to see McLaren on the penultimate row again . Button , Alonso and the team have been speaking with plenty of optimism this weekend , but they will start tomorrow 's race only 17th and 18th . So , the McLaren drivers do not make it out of Q1 and Button and Alonso will start on the penultimate row for tomorrow 's Chinese Grand Prix . But as I write that , Vettel goes fastest with a 1:37.502 . Carlos Sainz , Pastor Maldonado , Romain Grosjean , Will Stevens and Roberto Merhi occupy the drop zone with a minute to go ... Raikkonen is back on track , on the softs , and it is the Finn 's turn to top the timesheets as he goes some two tenths faster than Bottas . Valtteri Bottas and Felipe Massa are both on the option tyres for their first timed runs of the afternoon . Bottas goes fastest with a 1:38.014 as Massa slots into third . Button , also on the soft compound , is faster than Alonso by four tenths , and he slots his McLaren into P7 . The Briton comes over the radio to complain that the ` rears are overheating ' . Alonso is already donning the soft compound tyre . He comes across plenty of traffic on his fast lap , but still manages to go eighth ... for now . So , with 10 minutes to go , Hamilton leads the way from Rosberg , Hulkenberg , Felipe Nasr , Vettel , Raikkonen and the ever-impressive Max Verstappen . Rosberg is the next driver to cross the line and he posts a lap of 1:38.496 which is some two tenths off his team-mate . Nico Hulkenberg , on the much faster softer compound tyre , pops his Force India into third . Here comes Hamilton , who looks at ease in his Mercedes , and the British driver is 1.6 seconds faster than Vettel . Ouch . Raikkonen crosses the line to post a 1:40.917 , but he appeared to be struggling with plenty of understeer on that lap and Vettel crosses the line to go one second quicker than his Ferrari team-mate . Plenty of smoke as Lewis Hamilton 's Mercedes is fired up , but there 's no problem with the world champion 's Silver Arrows as he takes to the circuit for Q1 . Kimi Raikkonen meanwhile is the first big gun out on a hot lap ... Fernando Alonso failed to post a time in this morning 's practice session , but the Spaniard is first out of the blocks as today 's qualifying session gets underway . Security has been ramped up for this week 's race in China after a spectator managed to get on to the track during yesterday 's second practice session . The local man darted across the start-finish line before leaping over the pit wall and walking into the Ferrari garage . He is then alleged to have said : ` I want a car . I 've got a ticket . ' Rosberg has been challenged by Mercedes F1 chairman Niki Lauda to raise his game this weekend after being outclassed by Hamilton in both races so far this term . Here , the German is taking part in his traditional warm-up before hopping into his Mercedes for this afternoon 's qualifying session . That said , Mercedes , and Lewis Hamilton in particular , appear to be back to their ominous best in Shanghai . Hamilton has been fastest in all three practice sessions this weekend at a track where he has already won on three occasions and was the pole-sitter here in 2013 and again last year . The 30-year-old posted a time of one minute 37.615 secs , finishing 0.226 secs quicker than team-mate Rosberg . Fresh from his win in Sepang , Vettel was the best of the rest , albeit some seven tenths down on Hamilton 's best lap . Good morning and welcome to our coverage of today 's qualifying session for the Chinese Grand Prix . After Lewis Hamilton led Nico Rosberg home in a Mercedes one-two at the curtain raiser in Melbourne , we were told a year of domination from the Silver Arrows loomed . But how wrong they were . Sebastian Vettel , in his Ferrari , upset the odds to roar to victory in Malaysia to blow the race for the championship back open and give Mercedes food-for-thought ahead of this week 's Chinese Grand Prix and for the remainder of the campaign .