Harry Kane and Eden Harzard lead the nominations as the Professional Footballers ' Association announce their six-man shortlist for Young Player of the Year . Goalkeepers Thibaut Courtois and David de Gea and Liverpool midfielders Raheem Sterling and Philippe Coutinho complete the list of players - all aged 23 or under at the start of this season . The winners , voted for by their fellow professionals , will be announced at the awards ceremony in central London on April 26 . Harry Kane has scored 19 league goals this season and has been nominated for PFA Young Player of the Year . Last year 's winner Eden Hazard has been nominated for the award again after impressing for Chelsea . Manchester United goalkeeper David de Gea has been in fantastic form for Louis van Gaal 's side this season . CLICK HERE to find out which six players have been nominated for the PFA Player of the Year award . Tottenham striker Kane has proved a revelation this season and has netted 30 goals in all competitions for club and country this season . The 21-year-old 's form for Spurs has earned him international recognition and the forward scored just 79 seconds into his England debut against Lithuania last month . Last year 's winner Hazard has played an instrumental role for Premier League leaders Chelsea this term and has scored 17 goals in all competitions for the Blues . Meanwhile no player has typified Liverpool 's resurgence this season more than Philippe Coutinho . The Brazilian playmaker has been in inspired form for the Reds in the second half of the season . Raheem Sterling is Liverpool 's leading goalscorer in the Premier League this season with seven . Thibaut Courtois has been superb for Chelsea during his first season in the Premier League . Playmaker Philippe Coutinho has been Liverpool 's standout performer during second half of the season . Sterling , who has been caught up in controversy in recent days , has also been one of Liverpool 's outstanding performers this season and is the club 's leading scorer in the Premier League . De Gea and Courtois have earned many plaudits for their heroics in goal for respective clubs Manchester United and Chelsea this season . De Gea 's performances for Louis van Gaal 's side have led him to be linked with a move to Real Madrid , while Courtois has kept the experienced Petr Cech on the bench for most of the season .