A rapist who left a teenager for dead after a savage attack at a bus stop had already stalked three other women that night before choosing his victim . The 18-year-old was hit over the head 20 times with a rock and dragged into a garden to be brutally raped by the man and left for dead in the Beeston area of Leeds last month . Now police investigating the case have come across CCTV that shows the man following three other potential victims earlier on the same night . CCTV footage of a man police believer to be the attacker of a woman who was brutally raped at a bus stop in Leeds . He was shown wearing a green Puma sweatshirt , dark jacket and jeans in the hours before the incident when he also stalked three other women . West Yorkshire Police produced this computer generated image after taking a description of the suspect from his victim . He is described as of Pakistani or Middle Eastern background and in his early twenties . It includes one woman who was forced to flee from the man by bus after walking to her car in Leeds city centre , ending up miles away from where she was going , just to get to safety . Another potential victim followed may have been aware she was being stalked as he also walked up behind her in the city centre as she walked past a row of bars . While a third woman can be seen on the footage seen by police turning around to find herself just an inch away from the rapist , before darting into a shop and staying in there until he left on the city 's Burley Road . Detective Superintendent Nick Wallen from West Yorkshire Police said the man had been looking for women in Leeds city centre before moving on to the outskirts of the city . A map showing the areas of Leeds , where the rapist had been stalking women on the night of the attack . He told the Daily Mirror : ` His first target was a woman in her 20s who had parked her car . He is seen walking behind her , six inches from her back pocket . ` She was so concerned she got a bus that took her miles from where she was going . ` Another woman was also so concerned , she headed for a shop . On reaching it she is seen on film stopping and turning to see where he is . ` As she does , she is face-to-face with him . He is only about an inch away . ' In a graphic CCTV sequence the man is seen dragging the woman from the bus stop and into a garden to rape her . The chilling footage was released by West Yorkshire Police in a bid to trace the man who is wanted for rape and attempted murder . Both women came forward following an appeal after the attack on March 6 , and the man is wanted for attempted murder and rape having left the woman for dead after the ` appalling ' assault . Police have also revealed they have the attacker 's DNA but so far have found no match and are waiting to hear back from forces abroad . CCTV has already showed him wearing a distinctive green Puma hooded jumper and jeannear a Tesco Express three miles from where the Beeston bus stop where he attacked his victim between 9 and 10 pm . He is described as being of Pakistani or Middle Eastern origin , in his early twenties and slim with a receding hairline . His 18-year-old victim was left with serious head injuries and a broken hip after the attack . This is the blood-stained rock used by a rapist to hit his 18-year-old victim over the head 20 times before sexually assaulting her in a harrowing attack . The bus stop in the Beeston area of Leeds , where the 18-year-old victim was waiting when she was attacked . He had already stalked three other women in other parts of the city that evening . Police also released a video of the ` harrowing ' moment she was dragged from the street into a garden to be raped . Alongside CCTV footage of the man , police have released photographs of the blood-stained rock he used to beat her over the head . Investigators believe he may have brought the weapon with him in a premeditated assault .