The Midwest is bracing itself for worse to come after a monster storm impacted a 1,500-mile arc with 10 reported tornadoes , grapefruit-sized hail and winds of up to 80 mph on Wednesday . The storm system , which stretches from Texas up to the Great Lakes and down to North Carolina , has the potential to be the biggest severe weather event so far this spring , according to The Weather Channel . Hail of up to 4 inches in diameter smashed buildings and cars and high winds tore off roofs and downed trees , as wild weather hit 12 states . Strong storms rumbled through the Southern Plains early on Thursday , missing major population centers but offering a preview of bad weather that could hit Chicago , Detroit and other big cities in the Midwest later in the day . Scroll down for video . A tornado moves into southwestern Kansas bringing high winds and hail : Strong storms rumbled through the Southern Plains early on Thursday , missing major population centers but offering a preview of bad weather that could hit Chicago , Detroit and other big cities in the Midwest later in the day . Derek Smith , 14 , from Bonne Terre , looks at the shattered rear window of his mom 's car that was busted out by hail slightly smaller than a tennis ball that fell from a storm in downtown Farmington , Mo. , on Wednesday . Some of the hail stones were almost the size of tennis balls that fell in downtown Farmington , Mo. , on Wednesday . A hail stone slightly smaller than a tennis ball sits on the rear deck of a car after it smashed the rear window of the car in downtown Farmington on Wednesday . Meteorologists and emergency managers from the high Plains to the Appalachians are on alert following the year 's first widespread bout of severe weather . The storm system , which stretches from Texas up to the Great Lakes and down to North Carolina , has the potential to be the biggest severe weather event so far this spring , according to The Weather Channel . The Storm Prediction Center said 57 million people lived in an area with an ` enhanced risk ' of hail , damaging winds and tornadoes on Thursday . Tornadoes were reported on Wednesday and early Thursday in Kansas , Missouri and Oklahoma , but those areas saw minimal damage . Meteorologists and emergency managers from the high Plains to the Appalachians were on alert as the U.S. had the year 's first widespread bout of severe weather . The key message : Have a plan . ` Where to hide , emergency kits with medicines , snacks , water . Even something like sturdy shoes , gloves , long-sleeve shirts . If they get hit by a tornado they 'll find they 'll need those things pretty quickly , ' said meteorologist Erin Maxwell with the National Weather Service in Norman , Oklahoma . ` Know what you 're doing , and just do n't panic , ' Maxwell added . Severe thunderstorms packing 80mph winds and large hail made their way across central Missouri on Wednesday afternoon , including several capable of producing tornadoes . Weather spotters reported a funnel cloud near Potosi in eastern Missouri at 3:35 p.m. , while an hour earlier the Bates County emergency manager reported a tornado in southwest Missouri that destroyed a 60-foot machine shop . Indiana State Police said high winds toppled a tractor-trailer on Interstate 69 near Evansville , while utilities reported a number of power outages after wind gusts reached 70 mph . Fewer than 1 million people were covered by Wednesday 's ` moderate risk ' area between Wichita , Kansas , and Jefferson City , Missouri . Thursday 's worst weather was predicted in an area that included Chicago , Detroit and St. Louis , as well as those in Memphis , Tennessee , and Little Rock , Arkansas . Areas that wo n't see strong storms on Thursday could see heavy rain instead . A woman in Kentucky posted photos online of hail the size of baseballs on Wednesday . Day two of the extreme weather front is predicted to being predcited to bring an ` enhanced risk ' of hail , damaging winds and tornadoes to 57 million people , said The Storm Prediction Center . Thursday 's worst weather is predicted in an area that includes Chicago , Detroit and St. Louis , as well as those in Memphis , Tennessee , and Little Rock , Arkansas . Workers clear debris from Fish Pot Creek in Ballwin , Mo. , on Wednesday , April 8 , 2015 , that was blocking a bridge : The blockage came after the storm on Tuesday causing the area around the bridge to flood . A parked car has a log jammed in to the wheelwell in Ballwin , Mo. , after a storm caused flooding from Fish Pot Creek . The Ballwin Laundromat had more than a foot of water in it after the storm on Tuesday in Ballwin , Mo. . Workers clear debris from Fish Pot Creek in Ballwin , Mo. , on Wednesday that was blocking the bridge . The blockage came after the storm on Tuesday causing the area around the bridge to flood . A driver in a lifted four wheel drive truck negotiates the deep flood waters after a severe thunderstorm and tornado warning passed through the northeast side of Monroe Count east of Bloomington , Ind. . Pea and marble-sized hail : A supercell produced a tornado in Northwest Oklahoma and close to Medicine Lodge , Kansas , causing damaging winds , hail and funnels .