Disgruntled : Marc Macrae , who was election agent for the SNP 's Westminster leader Angus Robertson , said the party showed compassion for the Lockerbie bomber but ostracised him . A former SNP aide claimed the party treated him ` worse than a terrorist ' after his cancer diagnosis and has urged Scots to vote Tory . Marc Macrae , who was election agent for the SNP 's Westminster leader Angus Robertson , said the party showed compassion for the Lockerbie bomber but ostracised him . Mr Robertson , who is co-ordinating the Nationalists ' General Election campaign , has not even contacted him to ask how the treatment has gone , he claimed . Like Abdelbaset Ali Mohmed Al Megrahi -- who killed 270 people in December 1988 by blowing up Pan Am Flight 103 -- Mr Macrae was diagnosed with prostate cancer . But while the Libyan terrorist was flown home to spend his final years with his family , Mr Macrae said he was cruelly ditched . He is now backing Tory candidate Douglas Ross , a local councillor , to oust Mr Robertson in Moray . ` My vote is for Douglas , ' Mr Macrae said . ` We need independently-minded people at Westminster who can make up their own minds . ' He has undergone two operations and has not worked since being parliamentary assistant to Environment Minister Richard Lochhead in February 2013 . Before that , he did the same job for Mr Robertson , also in the party 's office in Elgin , Moray , and considered both men to be among his closest friends . But after his diagnosis in 2013 he claims colleagues in the party accused of him of a lack of commitment to the cause , when in fact he was simply trying to battle cancer . ` I became very disillusioned with the party because of the way they treated their own members . I had been a very supportive Nationalist since I was young , ' he said . ` But I was diagnosed with cancer in 2013 and was then treated like a leper by fellow members . ` I was ostracised -- from being very popular to no one speaking to me . People were saying there was nothing wrong with me , that I just was n't interested in the cause . ' He started working for Mr Robertson in 2008 , before moving to Mr Lochhead 's office in 2011 . In January 2013 , Mr Macrae went to the doctor after experiencing prostate problems and was given Tamsulosin , which is prescribed for an enlarged prostate , while tests were carried out . He suffered from fatigue and struggled at work before being signed off in May that year on his doctor 's advice . When the cancer was finally diagnosed in October his GP wrote to Mr Lochhead , but Mr Macrae says the minister never got in touch to offer support . Message : Mr Macrae , pictured with Alex Salmond , claimed the SNP treated him ` worse than a terrorist ' after his cancer diagnosis and has urged Scots to vote Tory . Fortunately , Mr Macrae did not require chemotherapy and underwent two operations in September and October last year , in which the prostate and surrounding lymph nodes were removed . He has since been given the all-clear . He added : ` I 've never heard from Angus . He never contacted me to see how I was doing , how the treatment was going , not one single word . If I see other SNP members , they physically ignore me . It feels very much like they 've been ordered not to speak to me . ` A convicted terrorist who had the same cancer as me was shown compassion by the SNP , but I was given the cold shoulder . ' Critics say Mr Macrae 's case is yet another example of the callous way the SNP can treat even its own supporters . Margo MacDonald , who died last year after a long battle with Parkinson 's disease , was thrown out of the party after challenging the leadership , before becoming a popular independent MSP . Her husband Jim Sillars was once a close ally of former First Minister Alex Salmond but found himself exiled for years before a reconciliation during last year 's referendum campaign . For Mr Macrae , the future is now looking brighter . Not only is his cancer in remission but the 48-year-old divorced father-of-one is getting married in the summer , as is 32-year-old Mr Ross . Change of heart : The former SNP member is now backing Tory candidate Douglas Ross , a local councillor , to oust his former boss Angus Robertson in Moray . Comparison : Like Abdelbaset Ali Mohmed Al Megrahi -- the Lockerbie bomber , left and right - Mr Macrae was diagnosed with prostate cancer - but Mr Macrae said the terrorist treated better than him by the party . The Tory hopeful has the support of the Lib Dems and Ukip as part of a cross-party tactical voting bid to oust Mr Robertson . Despite the SNP flying high in the polls , Mr Ross , who was the Tory election candidate in Moray in 2010 , believes he can pull off an upset . He said : ` People are looking for a change in representation . Being the best placed of the Unionists , I can take support from various parties . ' He added : ` The way Marc has been treated while dealing with a very difficult illness is shameful . ' Linda Gorn , who fought Moray four times for the Lib Dems , is urging supporters to back Mr Ross . ` I 'm supporting Douglas in this election because of the way he stands up for his constituents on Moray Council and across Moray as a whole , ' she said . Donald Gatt , who stood in Moray for Ukip in 2010 , added : ` Moray is a two-horse race between Douglas Ross and Angus Robertson . ' Last night , Mr Robertson said : ` Mr Macrae fell out with the SNP some time ago and even stood as a candidate against the SNP in a local by-election . At a time of rising support for the SNP in Moray and across Scotland it is unsurprising that he is now backing the Tories . '