It has been revealed the blue-eyed , Australian doctor who 's been hailed the ` new face ' of the latest Islamic State propaganda videos was reportedly a ` womaniser ' who was thought to be a ` pretty normal guy ' . In ISIS 's most recent video , a young doctor , identified as Tareq Kamleh , called on foreign medics to travel to the ISIS stronghold in Raqqa to help launch the ISHS -LRB- the Islamic State Health Service -RRB- . The video of Kamleh , who refers to himself as Abu Yusuf , showed him handling babies in a maternity ward while wearing western-style blue surgical scrubs and a stethoscope . Scroll down for video . The blue-eyed Australian doctor who features in the latest IS propaganda video has been identified as Tareq Kamleh . Calling himself ` Abu Yusuf ' , Kamleh introduces the launch of the Islamic State Health Service . Once the propaganda video went viral , people from Kamleh 's past started to recognise the previously unidentified doctor . It was revealed Kamleh , who is believed to be in his late 20 's , completed his medical degree at Adelaide University . Upon completing his degree he reportedly worked as a paediatric registrar at the Adelaide Women 's and Children 's Hospital until 2013 . Kamleh then moved to north Queensland where he worked at Mackay Base Hospital , the Age reported . He completed his final stint in the Australian medical system working in Perth until late 2014 . It was revealed Kamleh , who is believed to be in his late 20 's , completed his medical degree at Adelaide University . ` He was a pretty normal guy , he did n't have any IS related interests ' A university student who knew Kamleh , but did not want to be named , said he showed no signs that he would defect to the radical militant group . ` He was a pretty normal guy , he did n't have any IS related interests , ' she told news.com . au . She said the ` clean cut ' doctor was well known in her social circle as a ` womaniser ' who did n't shy away from drinking alcohol . Kamleh was also recognised by Dr Stephen Napoli , co-owner of the Mannum Medical Centre in South Australia . He told the Age the ` intelligent ' doctor had interned with him for 10 weeks back in 2010 . ` As a doctor he worked quite well ; he was quite intelligent , he presented to our practice as quite a sound doctor with good medical knowledge , ' Dr Napoli said . ` As a doctor he worked quite well ; he was quite intelligent , he presented to our practice as quite a sound doctor with good medical knowledge ' Kamleh was known to practice medicine in Adelaide , Mackay and finally in Perth before he took up working for IS . Dr Napoli agreed that Kamleh had shown no signs of holding extreme Islamic views . ` There was no indication I 'd be worried about his other associations when he was with us . ` There was nothing that I saw of his work as a medical practical that would suggest he would have any of these sorts of views . ' The video 's poster shows a cropped image of a doctor , wearing an western-style blue surgical scrubs which appear to mimic Britain 's National Health Service . A former college from Adelaide Hospital also came forward reporting that he recognised Kamleh in the footage immediately . ` I was taken aback as much because I certain certainly would n't have associated him with an association like IS . His principle seemed to be sound and focused on the care of his patients , ' he told the Age . The collegue , who also chose not to be identified , said Kamleh 's behaviours were not consistent with the Islamic State 's conservative views on drinking or dating . ` I know he dated a few nurses and other doctors over the years ... he was heterosexual and certainly interested in the ladies , with some success . ' Yusuf is shown monitoring and handling babies in a maternity unit as well as teaching another doctor how to care for the infant patients . The video featuring Kamleh , which is the latest in a string of high budget propaganda videos from the depraved militant group , shows the doctor interviewed inside the paediatric ward of a Syrian hospital . ` My name is Abu Yusuf . I made hijrah from Australia to the Islamic State to live under the khilafah , ' he says . ` I saw this as part of my jihad for Islam , to help the Muslim Ummah -LRB- community -RRB- in the area that I could which is the medical field . ' He claims to be sad he delayed travelling to Syria for so long . ` It is disappointing to think how many fellow Muslims brothers and sisters in the medical field , who are doctors and nurses , physios , who are still living in the West and unfortunately the Muslims living here are suffering , not necessary from a lack of equipment or medicine but a mainly a lack of qualified medical care . ' The vision is the latest in a string of high budget propaganda videos from the depraved militant group . Yusuf urges foreign Muslims with medical training to come forward and join the latest caliphate initiative . ` We really need your help . It is not the equipment that we are lacking , it is truly just the staff . Inshallah see you soon . ' Australian National University terrorism expert Dr Clarke Jones confirmed the authenticity of the video to Daily Mail Australia . ` I 'm familiar with IS propaganda and this is certainly legit , ' he said . Abu Yusuf al-Australi calls upon foreigners with medical training to join the Islamic State 's new medical initiative . ` The video is interesting because it 's trying to communicate a sense of normalcy within the caliphate . The babies , ambulances and modern medical equipment are a far cry from the barbarity of their other videos . ' ` In reality , the conditions are not accurate : Syria remains a very hostile environment . But it communicates a major shift in their recruitment . ' Dr Jones believes the group are trying to attract more sophisticated demographic than in the past , when they targeted disillusioned youths . ` They are asking for foreigners with medical training and an education , and they are n't trying to lure them for militant purposes . This poses an interesting question : is this still considered radicalisation ? ' Nine British medical students have travelled to Syria to work in hospitals in Islamic State-held areas . Pictured from left to right : Hisham Mohammed Fadlallah , Lena Maumoon Abdulqadir and Tamer Ahmed Ebu Sebah . The four women and five men apparently kept their plans secret from their families and fled to Syria . Left to right : Rowan Kamal Zine El Abidine , Sami Ahmed Kadir and Ismail Hamadoun . The medical students are believed to now be in the ISIS-held area of Tel Abyad , From left to right : Nada Sami Kader , Mohamed Osama Badri Mohammed and Tasneem Suleyman . The footage , which appeared on social media on Thursday , comes after nine Brritish medical students travelled to Syria last month , claiming they were going to help treat victims of the civil war . The students are all believed to be of Sudanese origin and were studying at a medical school in Khartoum , Sudan . The students have been named as Lena Mamoun Abdelgadir , Nada Sami Kader , Rowan Kamal Zine El Abidine , Tasneem Suleyman Huseyin , Ismail Hamdoun , Tamer Ahmed Ebu Sebah , Mohammed Osama Badri Mohammed , Hisham Mohammed Fadlallah and Sami Ahmed Kadir . In February , Australia 's Attorney-General George Brandis announced an $ 18 million initiative to battle extremist propaganda . The operation , which will be launched in July , will employ a team of technology experts to assess the impact of online extremist propaganda . The government also plans to seek the help of platforms such as Google , Twitter and Facebook , to counter extremist messages .