The Price is Right model who gave away a $ 21,960 car for free because of dumb mistake has said it 's the ` biggest mistake ever in game show history ' and the first of her six-year career . Colombian-born Manuela Arbelaez 's mind was clearly somewhere else when she removed the wrong price tag during Thursday 's show - giving contestant Andrea the prize even though she guessed the wrong price . The model and host Drew Carey both gasped after she revealed the true price of the Hyundai Sonata SE before Andrea had finished guessing . Speaking to the New York Daily News , she described how after the blunder she broke down in tears and ` wanted to go in a wormhole and disappear . ' A contestant on The Price is Right has walked away with a $ 21,960 car for free courtesy of a dumb mistake by model Manuela Arbelaez - who has since said it was the ` biggest mistake ever in game show history ' Manuela Arbelaez 's mind was clearly somewhere else when she removed the wrong price tag during Thursday 's show . She admitted that her body moved quicker than her brain . Model Manuela Arbelaez , left , ca n't hid her embarassment as contestant Andrea , right , celebrates her win . She added : ` I knew there was no way to fix it . I went to this dark place , and I thought I 'd get fired or it would be taken out of my paycheck . ' Producers however decided not to punish her , and said there was nothing to worry about during the commercial break . She added that host Carey was ` understanding and supportive ' and told her he thought it was the ` funniest thing ever . ' `` I 'm not in trouble : -rrb- phew ! , ' she wrote on Twitter yesterday . She noted that there have been many model mishaps over the show 's 43 seasons . ` There was an occasion when a girl crashed a car into Door 3 and another gave away a trip to Disneyland , ' Arbelaez recalled . ` There have been small things like that over the years , but I think my mistake was the most expensive in the history of the show . ' However Arbelaez is still mortified by what happened , telling the Daily News : ` I 'm a perfectionist . I 'm very hard on myself . I do things right , ' she said . ` I 've never made a mistake in those six years . And of course the one mistake I make , it 's the biggest mistake in ` Price is Right ' history . ' ` I probably would 've died if that happened within the first year of me working on the show . In a weird way , I 'm kind of glad it happened now . ' During the show , when presenters realized what had happened , contestant Andrea shouted out ` I win ! ' Big-hearted host Carey was left with little opinion but to tell the contestant , ` Congratulations ! Manuela just gave you a car ! The game is over , folks . ' Arbelaez joined the regular rotation of five models on The Price Is Right in April , 2009 . In her six-year career , she says this is her first mistake . Despite the blunder , the Colombian said the producers and host were ` supportive and understanding ' While Andrea jumps for joy , poor Manuela , 26 did n't know where to hid and she was eventually consoled by both Carey and the delighted contestant . Arbelaez later tweeted about her embarrassment at the heart-warming TV moment . ` I do n't usually give expensive gifts , but when I do is a $ 21,960 CAR , ' she tweeted , along with a clip from the show of her looking sheepish . She also tweeted that the producers on the show and Carey could n't have been more supportive and understanding . ' she wrote . Arbelaez joined the regular rotation of five models on The Price Is Right in April , 2009 . Manuela was eventually consoled by both host Drew Carey and delighted contestant Andrea . Arbelaez later tweeted about her embarrassment . ` I do n't usually give expensive gifts , but when I do is a $ 21,960 CAR , ' she tweeted .