Former teacher Mary Kay Letourneau and her student-turned husband , Vili Fualaau , have revealed how their relationship became sexual when he was just 12 years old . On the eve of their 10th wedding anniversary , Letourneau , 53 , and Vili Fualaau , 31 , spoke about the rape trial and their marriage in an interview with Barbara Walters for ' 20/20 ' , which will air tonight . The couple , who have two teenage daughters , met when Fualaau was in her second grade class in Seattle . She then taught him again in sixth grade in 1996 . Speaking to Walters , Letourneau said they began to spend more time together as she helped him develop his drawing skills that school year and by the summer , their relationship turned sexual . Scroll down for video . Family affair : Mary Kay Letourneau , Vili Fualaau , and their two daughters , Audrey and Georgia , sat down for an interview with Barbara Walters on the eve of the couple 's 10-year wedding anniversary . Speaking out : The interview will air on 20/20 on Friday - nearly 20 years after Letourneau 's arrest for the relationship with her former student . She was his sixth grade teacher when their affair began . ` The incident was a late night that it did n't stop with a kiss , ' Letourneau recounted . ` And I thought that it would and it did n't . ' When asked how Letourneau - then a married mother to four young children - felt about the affair , she responded : ` I loved him very much , and I kind of thought , `` why ca n't it ever just be a kiss ? '' ' But it did n't stop there and by the end of the summer , she had fallen pregnant with the boy 's child . Months later , her husband discovered a love letter she had written to Fualaau and he contacted police . She was arrested and gave birth to their first daughter while on bail in May 1997 . Following a highly-publicized trial , she was sentenced to six months in county jail - although three were suspended - and was ordered to have no contact with the boy . But weeks after her release , she was found having sex with him in her car and fell pregnant with their second daughter . Struggles : The couple said they have had their ups and downs but had a solid relationship to start with . Relationship : The duo first met when Fualaau -LRB- pictured in 1998 -RRB- was in second grade and went on to have a sexual relationship when he was 12 and Letourneau -LRB- right in a 1996 school photo -RRB- was his teacher . Letourneau gave birth to the second baby girl , Georgia , while she was in jail after being sentenced to an additional seven-and-a-half years behind bars . Being a father at such a young age and bringing up the girls without Letourneau was a struggle , Fualaau said in the interview . He slipped into a depression over the years , he said . ` I do n't feel like I had the right support or the right help behind me , ' he said . ` From my family , from anyone in general . I mean , my friends could n't help me because they had no idea what , what it was like to be a parent , I mean , because we were all 14 , 15 . ' He was not allowed to visit Letourneau while she was in prison but he believes contact with her would 've helped him . She was the only person he really needed to talk to , he said . ` I mean , if they gave me more options or choices to make instead of just saying , `` Oh , you ca n't talk to her anymore , '' and I was like , `` I really do want to talk to her , though '' , ' he said . In court : She is pictured left in court in 1997 - she ultimately went to prison for seven and a half years - and right proudly showing off her baby bump in a pregnancy photo released in 1998 . Struggles : A teenage Fualaau , pictured in 1998 , said he struggled while Letourneau was in prison because he desperately wanted to talk to her , but was not allowed . Reunited : Letourneau is pictured with her daughter Audrey during a prison visit in 2003 . In the ABC interview , Fualaau said he struggled with not speaking to Letourneau while she was locked up . ` I 'm surprised I 'm still alive today . I went through a really dark time . ' She was released from jail in August 2004 and Fualaau , who was then 21 , asked the court to have the no-contact order overturned , which it was . The couple got married just 10 months later at a Washington winery - when she was 43 and he was 22 . They have been together ever since . ` If it was n't strong enough in the beginning , it would n't have carried through those years , ' Letourneau told Walters in the interview . The couple remained in the same Seattle community where Letourneau had lived with her first husband and their four children . While she was in prison , her husband had moved the children to Alaska , but she remains close to them , she said , and they have good relationships with their two young sisters . Family : She was married and had four children before the affair . She is pictured , right , with one of her sons . Back together : The couple is pictured during a photo shoot at their Normandy Park , Washington home in 2006 . She was released from jail in 2004 and they got married a year later . At home : The couple is pictured with their daughters as they drive near their home near Seattle in 2005 . Fualaau , who is just a year older than his wife 's oldest son , said it was ` awkward ' for him to be so close in age to his stepchildren . But even though they were happy to be reunited , the couple were not without their struggles . In 2006 , Fualaau was back in court - this time in the defendant 's chair - for drink driving . He was pulled over for speeding and later found to be over the blood-alcohol limit . In trouble : Fualaau is pictured in court in 2006 for a hearing into a drunken driving charge . He was sentenced to a year in jail with all the time but a day suspended and was put on probation for two years . And last year , Letourneau made headlines after she was booked into Washington 's King County Jail for failing to go to court following a 2013 third-degree charge of driving on a suspended license . The couple 's two daughters , 17-year-old Audrey and 16-year-old Georgia , also joined them for the interview with Walters . Both girls attend school and sing in a choir in the same district where their mother once taught . Audrey graduates high school in June and will start college next fall , while Georgia is a sophomore . The Fualaau sisters said their parents have told them how they met , but they were not taken aback by the scandalous circumstances surrounding their mom and dad 's relationship . ` There was never a sit-down chat , `` Now is the time we 're going to talk to our children about this '' , ' their mother said . ` They seemed to already know ... because they grew up with it . ' While some might compare the story to other female teachers in underage sex scandals , family friend , photographer Mark Greenberg , told the Daily News it could n't be more different . ` I know there are people out there who find it to be nothing other than this woman broke the law and she 's a rapist , and yet there are others who see it as ` love is something that 's pure ' and here 's two people who are enjoying the fruits of that , ' he said . Modern family : Mary Kay Letourneau and Vili Fualaau 's 17-year-old daughter , Audrey -LRB- right -RRB- , was born while her mother was out on probation . Her 16-year-old sister , Georgia -LRB- left -RRB- , was born behind bars .