It may look like a misshapen disk of metal , but this coin is one of the oldest ever to be found in Britain . The tiny copper coin , which is smaller than a penny , dates from the Iron Age almost 2,300 years ago and suggests there were links between the south west of England and the Mediterranean . It was found in silt after the River Avon burst its banks between Bristol and Bath . The tiny copper coin , which is smaller than a penny , dates from the Iron Age almost 2,300 years ago and suggests there were links between the south west of England and the Mediterranean . On one side there is a horse 's head , while the other bears the image of the goddess Tanit , the chief deity of Carthage . Experts have dated the coin to between 300 BC and 264 BC and say it came from the Western Mediterranean - probably Sardinia or ancient Carthage . The find suggests that the village of Saltford , where it was found , was on a major trade route long before Roman times . On one side of the coin there the image of the Goddess Tanit , the chief deity of Carthage , -LRB- pictured left -RRB- while on the reverse is a horse 's head , pictured right . The find suggests that the village of Saltford -LRB- shown on the map with a red marker -RRB- , where the coin was found , was on a major trade route long before Roman times . It is believed there was a ford in the area , which made it the only place to cross the river Avon at the time . One side of the coin shows an image of the Carthaginian goddess Tanit , suggesting links between the south west and the Mediterranean . The coin is thought to be the oldest dateable evidence of human activity found in Saltford and the West of England . It suggests Iron Age links between the Mediterranean and the Bristol Channel , which the River Avon flows into around 15 miles -LRB- 24 km -RRB- away . Professor David Mattingly , an archaeologist and Roman historian at the University of Leicester said : ` It 's really interesting to have a Carthaginian coin in Britain . ` Suppose that coin was deposited close to its minting - at the time , there were no coins being used in Britain . It would have been quite alien to people . ` We are very sure that horses were important at the time so that may have invoked a lot of interest back then . It 's a very interesting find . ' Phil Harding of the Saltford Environment Group , said that the coin 's significant because it is one of the oldest coins ever to be found in England . ` Only eight of these have ever been found , always on ancient trade routes , ' he said . ` We ca n't believe it . We thought we would be writing the history of Saltford from the Roman times to now . ` But now we have to go back to the Iron Age . It 's absolutely fantastic . ' Last July a hoard of Roman and Late Iron Age coins were found in a cave in Dovedale in the Peak District , where they had lain undisturbed for 2,000 years . It was the first time that coins from the two separated groups have been found buried together . Archaeologists discovered 26 coins , including three Roman coins which pre-date the invasion of Britain in 43 AD , and 20 other gold and silver pieces which are Late Iron Age and thought to belong to the Corieltavi tribe . Last July a hoard of Roman and Late Iron Age coins -LRB- pictured -RRB- were found in a cave in Dovedale in the Peak District , where they had lain undisturbed for 2,000 years . National Trust archaeologist Rachael Hall said whoever owned the cache was probably a wealthy and influential figure . ` The coins would suggest a serious amount of wealth and power of the individual who owned them . ` Coins were used more as a symbol of power and status during the Late Iron Age , rather than for buying and selling staple foods and supplies . ` ... The situation of the cave ca n't be ignored either . Could it have been a sacred place to the Late Iron Age peoples that was taboo to enter in everyday life , making it a safe place that would ensure that person 's valuables were protected ? '