When it comes to the Coachella festival , a number of suspect looks crop up each year including hippie ensembles , outlandish headgear and plenty of skin - and 2015 has been no exception . But as the first weekend of the arts and music festival wrapped in Indio , California , some of the outfits paraded around the sunny campus - or lack thereof - stood out as being particularly woeful . From the couple who wore matching American flag leotards to the man who sported a loincloth over Speedos , could this be the worst year for Coachella street style yet ? Scroll down for video . Call the fashion police : From the couple who wore matching American flag leotards -LRB- left -RRB- to the man who sported a loincloth over Speedos -LRB- right -RRB- , could this be the worst year for Coachella street style yet ? The searing California heat was excuse enough for countless festival revellers to ditch most of their clothes , and the scraps that remained left much to be desired . One woman spotted was nude except for a minute chainmail band slung around her hips , two silver star stickers covering her nipples and a breezy shrug . Another was dressed in a strappy monokini , essentially leaving her practically naked apart from a pair of sturdy boots , a beaded headband , shades and a sheer white printed kimono . One festival goer seemed to have taken a leaf from Kanye West 's recent catwalk show in which he dressed models in clinging nude bodystockings . Her skin tight body suit was teamed with gladiator sandals , plenty of tattos and a silver necklace-cum-harness . Skin on show : String monokinis teamed with lace-up boots -LRB- left -RRB- competed with nude bodysuits and strappy sandals -LRB- right -RRB- on the dodgy style stakes . Rock on : One woman spotted was nude except for a minute chainmail band slung around her hips , two silver star stickers covering her nipples and a breezy shrug . Which is worse - Clashing florals -LRB- left -RRB- or matchy-matchy two-pieces -LRB- right -RRB- ? Time to hit the beard-garden ! This festival goer wove plastic flowers into his facial hair . Then there was the party animal who threw poses in a lurid , multi-colored swimming costume , complete with shimmering butterfly wings and a clashing patterned bum-bag . And speaking of clashing , there was a lot of that . Celebrity offenders included Paris Hilton , who strutted around yesterday in a turquoise paint-splattered maxi-dress , and Katy Perry , who teamed a metallic gold bikini top with a pair of patchwork denim dungarees and a bright orange bomber jacket . The worst fashion moments from just about every recent decade came out in full force ; from the tie-die crop tops of the Nineties to the deeply unflattering high-waisted ankle-flappers of the Eighties , and the clashing florals of the Sixties and Seventies . Headgear was , as always , blindingly popular , with opulent bejewelled forehead chains and blooming-awful flower crowns the order of the day . Psychedelic : Then there was the party animal who threw poses in a lurid , multi-coloured swimming costume , complete with shimmering butterfly wings and a clashing patterned bum-bag . Squeaky-clean white was the order of the day for Clean Bandit 's Grace Chatto -LRB- left -RRB- and Twilight 's Kellen Lutz -LRB- right -RRB- . Brit supermodel Jordan Dunn -LRB- left -RRB- made a rare style misstep and went all-out with aggressively purple hair and black crochet at Soho House 's Coachella pop-up yesterday . Complex knotted hair styles were enough to put Princess Leia 's braided buns to shame , and washed out ombre hues were about as tired as the peace signs which sprouted from the fists of every woman who realized she was having her photo taken . Even stylist-armed celebrities failed to side-step their share of festival fashion disasters . Brit supermodel Jordan Dunn went all-out with aggressively purple hair and black crochet , while Kendall Jenner 's overload on chunky gold accessories rendered her reminiscent of a swashbuckling pirate who had just looted a treasure chest . The second instalment of Coachella , which attracted nearly 580,000 attendees last year and grossed a record-breaking $ 78.3 million , kicks off on April 17 . This woman -LRB- left -RRB- could n't have picked a more unflattering pair of high-waisted ankle-flappers , while teaming a hippy skirt with dowdy white sandals -LRB- right -RRB- just looked Granny-ish on another festival-goer . Three musketeers : Kendall Jenner 's overload on chunky gold accessories rendered her reminiscent of a swashbuckling pirate who had just looted a treasure chest -LRB- left -RRB- , and neither Fergie -LRB- center -RRB- nor Hailey Baldwin -LRB- right -RRB- fared much better on the style stakes . Jen 's Pirate Booty La Vie Off-the-Shoulder Crop Top at Nasty Gal . Crop it like it 's hot . Visit site . Coachella seems to be the one place where Kendall lets loose in terms of her style and is open to experimenting ; she just wants to fit in with her Jenner-ation ! The catwalk strutter has a flair for festival fashion , and she always pulls out all of the stops at this annual LA music festival . Take this gypsy style outfit which comprises of an off-shoulder white crop top and flowing black maxi skirt with thigh splits , tied together with a statement waist belt . The top is by Jen 's Pirate Booty and is the perfect take on summer bohemian vibes . Styled with everything and anything from denim cut offs and brown boots to maxi skirts and sandals , this off-shoulder top will set pulses races however you wear it . And the best part is that it 's attainable for us mere mortals ; it 's only $ 88 at Nasty Gal , so hurry up and buy it with a click to the right before it sells out . She 's a normal teen at heart ! If you want to emulate Kendall 's look for even less , take a gander at the style edit below at our top picks from the likes of Charlotte Russe , Guess , and more . re : named Solid Off Shoulder Crop Top . Visit site . Charlotte Russe Chevron Off-The-Shoulder Top . Visit site . Guess Off-The-Shoulder Eyelet Top at Bloomingdale 's . Visit site . Free People Willow Crop Top . Visit site . Flower crowns -LRB- left -RRB- proved to be a craze that has stubbornly refused to die , while less mainstream trends like the belly-dancer ensemble -LRB- right -RRB- also cropped up . The clash : Paris Hilton -LRB- left -RRB- strutted around yesterday in a turquoise paint-splattered maxi-dress , and Katy Perry -LRB- right -RRB- teamed a metallic gold bikini top with a pair of patchwork denim dungarees and a bright orange bomber jacket . Complex knotted hair styles were enough to put Princess Leia 's braided buns to shame , and washed out ombre hues were about as tired as the peace signs which sprouted from the fists of every woman who realized she was having her photo taken . As a rule of thumb , if you feel the need to literally advertise your outfit as ` fly ' , it probably is n't -LRB- left -RRB- and matching ombre hair with an ombre garment is just far too much ombre for one human -LRB- right -RRB- . The countless bejewelled headpieces that adorned the foreheads of festival revellers this year were one of Coachella 's more pervasive trends .