A builder who wolf-whistled a young woman only to be accused of sexual harassment said today she is a ` silly little girl ' who was ` lucky ' to have received the attention . Ian Merrett , 28 , is astonished that Poppy Smart , 23 , did not take it as a compliment , which he says has helped him ` snog loads of girls ' in the past . The builder and his colleagues whistled at her every day for a month as she passed their Worcester construction site . Miss Smart , who compared the wolf-whistling to racial discrimination , eventually filmed them and asked West Mercia Police to investigate alleged sexual harassment . Mr Merrett admits it was probably him whistling but called Miss Smart a ` silly little girl ' who should never have gone to the police . He said : ` I 'm sure if she walks past again and she is lucky she will get wolf-whistled again . I have wolf-whistled so many girls and got so many birds and snogged so many girls off the back of that , and never had a complaint before . But I 've got a girlfriend so need to be careful what I say ' . Scroll down for video . Fighting back : Builder Ian Merrett , left , was accused of sexual harassment for wolf-whistling Poppy Smart , 23 , right , every day for a month , but he has said she should take it as a compliment . Mr Merrett , who was jailed for 12 months in 2009 for affray , also accused her of damaging the reputation of his trade and ` hard working ' builders by trying to get them prosecuted . Miss Smart , a marketing co-ordinator , contacted West Mercia Police over the regular taunts and the force went to the building site in Worcester to warn the men about their conduct . She also filmed the whistles and handed the evidence to officers , who followed up Poppy 's complaint but had not taken further action , the force said . Mr Merrett , who was branded ` disgraceful ' by the judge when he was convicted for the unprovoked train attack six years ago , said : ` It 's highly likely it was me who did that wolf-whistle . I 've seen the news coverage and it 's not right . ` Wolf-whistling is part and parcel of working on a site , it 's complimenting a girl . I 'm a builder and my mates are builders . We are all hard working people and our reputation has been damaged ' ` I can remember that day when she took the video , we were under-pinning a wall that day . ` I only saw the back of her , I did n't even see her face and you can see in the video the wolf-whistle comes after she had passed the gate . ` I did n't even see her face , and I would n't recognise her if I fell over her in the street , so I do n't know how that could possibly be sexual harassment . ` Police came to our site and said someone had made an allegation of harassment . They showed us the video so we stopped doing it . ` It 's not worth getting into trouble over some silly little girl . I do n't know why she complained , she must be thinking things above her station . ' Mr Merrett was 23 when he received a 12-month prison sentence for an unprovoked attack on a Malvern to Birmingham train in 2009 . Jailing him and his friend Anthony Hannay , Judge Amjad Nawaz condemned their ` disgraceful ' behaviour after they repeatedly punched passenger Michael Powell in a drunken attack . At the time , the judge told them : ` Loutish behaviour like this is sadly becoming all too common . ' Speaking today , Mr Merrett shrugged off the attack , and said : ` It was all a very long time ago when I used to go around town getting p ***** up and fighting . ` I was sentenced for 12 months and served six months . It 's the first and last time I 've been in prison but not the first time I 've had a run in with the law . ` As far as I 'm concerned , it 's in the past , I 'm older now and I 've got a job and a kid . I 'm a different person . ' Ms Smart recorded one of the occasions she walked past the building site . There is no suggestion any of the men pictured in the mobile phone footage -LRB- shown left and right -RRB- were involved in the alleged wolf-whistling . Crime scene : The building yard in Worcester where Ms Smart alleges workman wolf-whistled at her while on her way to work . ` Disrespectful ' : The 23-year-old marketing co-ordinator -LRB- pictured -RRB- claimed builders at a construction site wolf-whistled at her every morning as she walked to work in Worcester city centre . Earlier this week , Miss Smart condemned men who wolf-whistle , claiming it was demeaning and compared it to racism . She decided to take action after the workmen whistled and made disrespectful comments towards her as she walked past the building site on her way to work , making it unbearable for her on her daily commute to Worcester city centre . The marketing co-ordinator said it went on for at least a month before she decided to take action . She said : ` I had to walk past that way to go to work and it got so bad that they would actually come out of the building site at the time I walked down the road . ` I often had my earphones in but I could still hear the whistling over it . ` I eventually contacted the building company and the police when it got so bad I even considered changing my route to work but thought ` why should I do that ? ' ` I remember one of the builders , who was probably 18 or 19 , got right in my face and said ` morning love ' to me when he was stood with an older guy . ' She told Newsbeat they often ` blocked the pavement ' forcing her to walk around them . She said : ` I started wearing sunglasses so I did n't have to look at them . I started putting headphones on so I did n't have to hear them . ` Eventually it got to the day where I had enough . ' Miss Smart said she decided to film the workmen on her mobile phone and hand the footage to police because ` women should n't have to deal with it . ' She added : ` I 've noticed this behaviour more and more around the city . ` Men will lean out of their cars or vans and shout comments about my appearance or whistle and I know and have seen this happen to others as well . ` I think more women should speak out about this behaviour , maybe it will make people think twice . ` Imagine hearing someone speaking that way to your sister , mother , wife or daughter . ` Personally I do n't think that such comments , even if they are considered complimentary by the perpetrators , are appropriate . ` It is very disrespectful and is comparable to calling out at someone of a different race or religion . '