Glasgow Warriors have confirmed that experienced duo Al Kellock and Dougie Hall will both start Friday night 's Guinness PRO12 match with Cardiff Blues at Scotstoun . Both skipper Kellock and Hall - who have played nearly 300 matches between them for the club - are to retire come the end of May and each have a maximum of six outings left of their distinguished professional careers . And while Warriors head coach Gregor Townsend was naming his full squad for the Blues match on Thursday , he announced that the second-row and hooker would start in the pack against the Welsh outfit . Glasgow Warriors veteran Al Kellock will start at lock against Cardiff Blues at Scotstoun on Friday night . The encounter is being billed as a tribute to them both and , in a nice touch by the club , the match ball will be presented by Kellock 's dad and Hall 's mum along with Alistair Johnson , who was Kellock 's best man , and Bernie Mitchell , who was an inspirational figure for Hall coming through at Hillhead/Jordanhill . Having been a pro player for 13 years and earned 42 Scotland caps , Hall admits it will be a strange feeling hanging up his boots for good at the end of the current campaign . ` You get to a point where you start thinking to yourself ` this could be the last game of rugby I ever play ' so you want to make the most of it , ' the 34-year-old said . ` I really want to enjoy these last few games , but also stay focused and help the Warriors secure a play-off place and hopefully the trophy . Glasgow hooker Dougie Hall is hanging up his boots after 13 years of professional rugby . As retirement draws closer you do start to think more about the things that you love about the game . You start to think about your last team huddle , the last time you will walk out onto the pitch with your team mates and it is those moments that I will miss incredibly . ' Since he first played in the equivalent of the PRO12 for Edinburgh Rugby back in 2002/03 Hall has seen the standard of all of the sides improve incredibly . As a result , despite the fact that the Warriors are first and the Blues are 10th in the table , he does not expect an easy night , far from it . ` They have a number of quality players in their side and a lot of internationals while all of the teams are getting better year on year , ' he explained . ` We really have to concentrate on what we are doing ourselves and keep getting results and hopefully that takes care of things and gets us into the play-offs in the coming weeks . ` I hope that gone are the days when the PRO12 is looked on as a lesser league , the teams and the talent involved now really is top class . ' Gregor Townsend 's Glasgow side are currently top of the Pro12 standings ahead of Cardiff 's visit . This season Hall has been restricted to seven appearances in the PRO12 for the Warriors to date , Fraser Brown and Pat MacArthur playing the majority of minutes with Kevin Bryce also pushing hard for game time in the number two jersey . And while Hall himself admits that he may not be in the gym as often as the younger trio , he feels the experience he has gained in over 140 match for the club can still help during the league run-in and in the play-offs . ` The last thing you want to do when you have played for all those years is to pick up an injury in the gym , ' Hall explained . ` For me now it is all about managing myself throughout the week so that when it comes to getting out on the field I can give it everything . ` As you get older you perhaps become a bit more of a leader in the group , but I like to think I have acted like that since I came to the Warriors in 2007 . Wales prop Gethin Jenkins is a doubt for Cardiff as the loosehead struggles with a calf strain . ` I was the starting hooker for a number of years and as Pat , and more recently , Fraser and Kevin have come in I hope they have learnt from watching what I do and also have learnt from what I say too . ' Meanwhile , Cardiff Blues prop Gethin Jenkins is a doubt for the match with a calf strain . The injury forced the Wales and British & Irish Lions ' man off last week in his side 's European Rugby Challenge Cup quarter-final defeat to the Dragons . ` Gethin has got a calf strain but it is not as bad as we thought . He has n't trained this week so is a doubt , but he is keen to play a few more games for us yet this season , ' Blues attack coach Paul John said . ` We want to play to a game plan , execute well and perform to the best of our ability . To do justice to the league we have to do that . ` Glasgow are a good offloading side , they are a complete side in many ways , and we 've got to control the ball better than we did last weekend . '