A grieving son was forced to dig his mother 's grave after a council ` co-ordination error ' meant work had not been done to the burial plot . Clint Gee made the almost six hour journey from his home outside Brisbane to Wandoan in regional Queensland , only to find the local council failed to dig a spot where he could place his mother 's ashes . Mr Gee planned to place his mother , Elizabeth Hobbs , who died last year , with his father , Alex Gee , who died in 1964 . Mr Gee makes the journey to the site every year to remember his father , and this year he wanted to follow through on a promise he made to his mother to reunite the pair . Clint Gee had planned to reunite his mother , Elizabeth Hobbs , with his father , Alex Gee , who died in 1964 . ` It was shattering , ' Mr Gee told Daily Mail Australia . ` Me , my wife , my son , my mum 's sister and some other family all made the five and a half hour drive to the cemetery out in Wandoan . ` Then we get out there and there was no hole dug - nothing . ' ` Luckily I had a small spade with me and I was able to dig . ' ` It was shattering , ' Mr Gee told Daily Mail Australia , after he had to dig the hole himself . ` We get out there and there was no hole dug - nothing , ' Mr Gee said . Mr Gee said he had organised the day with the Western Downs Regional Council to ensure everything would run smoothly . He also paid a $ 342 fee , after being upset with the council reduced its usual rate of more than $ 400 . ` The financial side of things bothered me a little from the start , but I bit the bullet and paid the money and filled out all the forms , ' he said . Mr Gee , pictured with his grandson , Cody , said the council organisation process was ` a bloody bit stupid ' ` It was all a bit bloody stupid , but I had to do it . ` I confirmed it all the day before to make sure it was all ready to go . ' Despite the confirmation , the hole had not been dug ahead of time . ` I walked around the entire ground to check they had n't dug it in the wrong spot , ' Mr Gee said . Western Downs Regional Council Mayor Ray Brown apologised to Mr Gee , pictured with grandson , Seth . ` Eventually , I called them and said : ` it 's 40 degrees out here , and there 's no hole ' . I told them I sorted it out and that I 'd call them Monday . ' Mayor Ray Brown apologised to the family , and provided Mr Gee with a refund . ` Western Downs Regional Council can confirm that after receiving an application from Mr Clint Gee for a second internment of ashes in an existing burial plot , an accidental internal coordination error meant that the planned preparation work at the burial plot were not carried out , ' Mr Brown said . Mr Gee makes the five-hour journey to his father 's grave-site every year to look after it . ` Council , and particularly the staff involved in arranging the works , again apologise and express sincere regret at having caused distress and upset to Mr Gee and his family . ' Mr Gee said he was happy he received the refund , but said he was mainly thankful his had been able to follow through on the vow he made to his mother . ` I 'm just at ease it all worked out , ' he said . ` Long-term I want to replace the headstone to include my mum , so that 's the next part of this process for me . '