Rafael Nadal eased past Spanish compatriot Nicolas Almagro 6-3 6-1 to reach the Barcelona Open third round on Wednesday as he began his bid for a ninth title on the clay in the Catalan capital . Watched by Barcelona forward Neymar in the crowd , the world No 4 and second seed comfortably dismissed the unseeded Almagro - who is battling back after foot surgery that sidelined him for the second half of last year and has dropped out of the top 100 . The pair met in the 2013 Barcelona final , when Nadal claimed his eighth title , before 2015 top seed Kei Nishikori of Japan won last year 's event after Almagro surprised Nadal in the quarter-finals . Neymar -LRB- left -RRB- poses for a photo with Rafael Nadal at the Barcelona Open on Wednesday . Rafael Nadal beat Spanish compatriot Nicolas Almagro 6-3 6-1 to reach the Barcelona Open third round . World No 4 swept past Almagro on Wednesday as looks for his ninth career title on the Catalan clay court . The tournament 's second seed was watched by Barcelona star Neymar - fresh from his two-goal salvo vs PSG . Almagro could n't produce a repeat performance of his win vs Nadal in the tournament like he did last year . Nadal is looking to rediscover his best form on the red dust ahead of the French Open next month . Nadal , whose 2014 season was wrecked by illness and injury , is looking to rediscover his best form on the red dust before he makes a bid for a record-extending 10th French Open crown starting at the end of next month . The Majorca native lost to world No 1 Novak Djokovic in the semi-finals of last week 's Monte Carlo Masters and many are tipping the Serb to end his Spanish rival 's stranglehold at Roland Garros . Nadal said he was happy with the way he has been playing the past couple of weeks . ` I had today 's match more or less under control and I think I made very few errors , ' he told Spanish television . ` It was the first match of the week against someone who beat me last year and for whom I have maximum respect , ' added the 28-year-old , who is chasing a 66th career title . Nadal will play 13th seed Fabio Fognini of Italy or Russian qualifier Andrey Rublev on Thursday for a place in Friday 's quarter-finals . Nadal will play 13th seed Fabio Fognini of Italy or Russian qualifier Andrey Rublev on Thursday .