The night that Ryan Poston was shot dead by his on-again , off-again girlfriend he was supposed to meet a former Miss Ohio 2012 beauty queen for a date , an Ohio court heard on Thursday . Audrey Bolte , who also finished runner-up in Miss USA , told prosecutors she was looking forward to seeing Poston , 29 , at a bar to play pool and drink on October 12 , 2012 , but he failed to arrive . That was because Shayna Hubers had shot him six times at home - during which she allegedly ` cackled ' with glee claimed a cellmate of the accused , who claims the 24-year-old confessed to her while behind bars . Scroll down for video . Testimonny : Audrey Bolte told the Ohio court she was expecting to see Mr. Poston but he failed to arrive for their date . Date : Audrey Bolte -LRB- pictured left at the Miss USA pageant in 2012 and right as winner of Miss Ohio 2012 -RRB- in was supposed to meet Ryan Poston on the night he was shot by his girlfriend . ` I found him very entertaining , and that led me to accept an invite to go on a date with him , ' Bolte testified . Prosecutors allege that Hubers shot Poston because she was furious he was trying to break up with her . Hubers , who was 21 at the time , denies murdering her lawyer boyfriend and claims she shot him in self-defense . Her trial began on Monday and during that time , Hubers has been held at the Campbell County jail in Newport . Her romer cellmate testified to the court that Hubers joked about the shooting and said she was going to get off all charges . ` Did she ever laugh ? ' Commonwealth 's Attorney Michelle Snodgrass asked Cecily Miller according to Cincinnati.com . ` Oh , yes . ' ` About what ? ' ` About shooting him in the face and giving him the nose job he always wanted , ' said Miller . ` That 's what bothered me -- she cackled . ' Trial : Shayna Hubers attends her murder trail in Campbell , Ohio . Hubers is charged with murder in the shooting death of her boyfriend , Ryan Poston . Gallows humor : Jurors were shown a videotaped police interview with Hubers , in which the woman , then 21 , said Poston was ` vain ' and she gave him the ` nose job he wanted ' by shooting him in the face . Miller said that Hubers realized she was too intelligent to plead insanity , ` So she was going to plead battered wife syndrome . ' Lisa and Peter Carter , who raised Poston said that their son was concerned about ending things with Hubers . He said to me , ` My biggest issue is ... Shayna is always around , '' said Peter Carter , according to Cincinnati.com . ` He said , ` I do n't know what to do to get her to leave . '' ` I told him to make sure that he was kind to Shayna and to be honest with her about what was going on , ' he said . ` I told him to be direct , but to be kind . ' However , Carter said he never got to find out the answer because Poston died the next night . Also on the stand was Vernon West , who lived in the condo below Poston with his wife Doris . They testified they returned home at around 8.30 pm and heard a woman crying on a balcony above . Troubled : Poston 's family described his relationship with Hubers , left , as tumultuous and said that the 29-year-old was trying to end it . West said that she returned inside the home at around 8.50 pm and then he heard two pops that at first he thought were fireworks and then four more and then a thud . ` The first two shots , I thought might have been fireworks , ' Vernon West testified according to Cincinnati.com . ` But a few seconds later , I heard four shots , and I knew that was n't fireworks . ' Vernon West also said that they did not hear a physical fight or arguing before the shots . Hubers , who was 21 at the time , claimed she was acting in self-defense because the young attorney was shoving and hitting her , but during an interview with police she was quoted as telling a detective she gave Posten ` the nose job he wanted . ' On the first day of testimony Tuesday , jurors were shown a video of the defendant 's interview with police following the slaying . ` He was screaming at me at the top of his lungs after he had thrown me around the room , ' the woman told a detective sitting across from her , reported Cincinnati.com . ` I shot him enough times to kill him , ' she said , ` so that he would n't suffer ... He was laying there , twitching and making noises , and I shot him in the head . ` I was watching him die . it was painful to watch him die and to know that I had done that , ' reported WCPO . Hubers then described her late boyfriend of one year as ` vain ' about his looks . ` I shot him right here , ' she said in the video as she pointed to her nose . ` I gave him his nose job he wanted . ' Gun-toting girlfriend : Shayna Hubers -LRB- left -RRB- , 24 , is on trial in the 2012 shooting death of her lawyer boyfriend , 29-year-old Ryan Poston . Prosecutors argued that the woman intentionally shot the attorney six times across a table , including once in the face , after Poston tried to end their relationship . Hubers ' attorneys have maintained that their client shot Poston to protect herself . During questioning , Hubers explained to detectives that she went to Poston 's home ` with the best intentions ' not to kill him , but to convince him to work out their differences and mend their relationship . But when she arrived , Poston allegedly ` resorted to violence . ' The woman said the lawyer made fun of her speaking voice , insulted her family , and physically assaulted her by pushing and dragging her around . She detailed how the 29-year-old victim allegedly pushed her down against the arm of the couch and threw her against furniture in the moments before the first shot rang out . ` He said , ` You 're just a hillbilly from Kentucky . ' And I am . I guess the hillbilly came out in me , and I took up for myself , ' she told police in the recording played in court . Hubers ' trial is expected to last two weeks . She is being held in jail on $ 1.5 million bond . Ryan Poston graduated from Salmon P. Chase College of Law , Northern Kentucky University in 2008 , following in the footsteps of his grandfather and uncle . In May 2012 , he started his own law practice specializing in personal injury cases in downtown Cincinnati , Ohio . His family and friends have described him as a bright and hard-working young lawyer who had a promising future ahead of him . He is survived by his parents and three sisters . Hubers graduated from Lexington 's Paul Laurence Dunbar High School in 2009 . In the fall of 2010 , she made the Dean 's List at the University of Kentucky as a sophomore psychology major . Zevely said she is close with her parents , and her mother spent the day with her in Northern Kentucky prior to the shooting .