Puppies spend their time discovering the world with more enthusiasm than any human could muster . And an English Bulldog named Hazel is no exception to this rule , as demonstrated in her attempts to get the better of a washing basket . Filmed in a front room , the video begins erratically with the dog flying through the air and jumping onto the basket , which sits on its side . The video begins with the dog rather erratically jumping onto the basket and forcing in onto its base . With its weight the dog forces the basket over onto its base and lands inside it , before quickly running around in a circle . Pausing to look at the camera from within the basket , Hazel rather foolishly leans up against the side of it . And suddenly her weight causes the basket to fall onto its side and send her and some clothes sprawling onto the floor . The bulldog puppy named Hazel stands inside the basket and rather foolishly leans up against the side of it . Suddenly the basket falls onto its side sending a surprised Hazel sprawling onto the floor with some clothes . Hazel looks shocked as she struggles to stop herself rolling over entirely , and attempts to get her footing . The dog then sits casually next to the basket as if nothing happened before jumping to her feet and taking a bite out of the rim of it . Forcing it back on to its base , the puppy once again lands inside of it and looks at the camera while continuing to chew . The puppy begins chewing the sides of the basket while looking up at the video maker . Like butter would n't melt ! The video concludes with the puppy staring at the video maker after chewing the basket . The video concludes with the dog staring at the video maker looking like butter would n't melt . Hazel the Bulldog is featured in a number of videos , which her owner uploads to her YouTube channel and Instagram page . In them Hazel is filmed discovering the world by doing such things as play on a skateboard , look at her reflection in a mirror for the first time and try out a collar . Hazel the Bulldog is featured in a number of videos uploaded to both Youtube and Instagram .