The age-old ghost town of Balestrino was captured in all its spooky wonder by a drone . Circling the picturesque landscape , the camera picked out the castle on the hill and surrounding depreciated buildings . The ancient Tuscan settlement , based 40 miles south east of Genoa , is shrouded in mystery with its origin and much of its history remaining unknown . Scroll down for video . Little is known about the origin or history of the ancient Tuscan town that dates back to the 11th century A.D. Residents were forced to flee their homes in the town more than 60 years ago , with seismic instability noted as a main reason for the mass abandonment . A number of historical earthquakes , including one in 1887 that measured 6.7 on the Richter scale , caused severe damage to the settlement 's infrastructure . Dating back to the 11th century A.D. , the town was formerly owned by the Benedictine abbey of San Pietro dei Monti in the 1100s . Seismic instability caused by earthquakes forced residents to flee their homes more than 60 years ago . An earthquake in 1887 measured 6.7 on the Richter scale and caused severe damage to the town 's infrastructure . A total of 800 inhabitants occupied the settlement , but by the 19th century most of the population had migrated from the area . A new town with the same name was built around a mile from its location and it 1953 the remaining population moved away from the settlement . Today the town is considered to be the most famous abandoned location in Italy and folklore suggests that the area is haunted . Captured in the short drone footage is the picturesque castle that looks down on the hill-side buildings below . 800 inhabitants used to occupy the area but by the 19th century most of the population had migrated . The town is considered to be the most famous abandoned location in Italy and folklore suggests that the area is haunted . Some of the structures remain intact while others have walls crumbling as foliage grows on the roofs and from the many exposed crevices . The silence adds a further frightening dimension , with the only audible sounds coming from the drone 's propellers . The video concludes with a shot of the town from a distance , which perfectly captures the dark and empty windows as well as the grandeur of the castle in comparison to the other buildings . The drone captures the building 's dark and empty windows as well as the grandeur of the castle on the hill .