Farmers and shearers across Australia are ` prepared to fight tooth and nail for our farming industry ' after PETA released a confronting campaign accusing the wool industry of barbaric treatment of their sheep . The gruesome campaign , shows vegan lead guitarist of ` I Killed the Prom Queen , ' Jona Weinhofen , holding a severed lamb alongside the words , ` here 's the rest of your wool coat . ' PETA later admitted the lamb was a prop and made of foam even though they said the advert detailed ` the realities of the Australian wool industry . ' The Victorian Farming Federation launched an official complaint to the Advertising Standards Bureau on Monday . Scroll down for video . PETA 's latest campaign shows vegan guitarist Jona Weinhofen , holding a severed lamb actually made of foam . Many have taken to social media to voice their disgust at the ` misleading ' and ` inaccurate ' advertisment . After the lamb was revealed to be fake , Mr Weinhofen took to social media to post an image of a real sheep . People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals also accompanied a series of graphic videos along with the advert . The Victorian Farming Federation launched an official complaint on Monday . The disturbing clips showed Australian shearers kicking , stamping and mutilating the creatures before stitching up their butchered wounds with a needle . The investigation posted on PETA 's website states that this gruesome behaviour was observed in 19 shearing sheds across Australia . ` Shearers are often paid by volume , not by the hour , which encourages fast , violent work and can lead to severe cuts on sheep 's bodies , ' it said . ` Large swaths of skin were cut or ripped off the bodies of many sheep by the shearers . ' The campaign aims to deter people from purchasing wool products and gives a number of alternatives such as cotton , linen and fleece . But many shearers , farmers and wool buyers have taken to social media to defend the industry and reject that the abuse is systematic across the country as this would cause a national scandal . The Victorian Farming Federation also took to social media to vent their disgust at the advertisement . ` WE 'RE prepared to fight tooth and nail for our farming industry today launching an official complaint to the Advertising Standards Bureau on PETA 's latest misleading and offensive campaign , ' they posted on their Facebook page . The disturbing clips showed Australian shearers kicking , stamping and mutilating the creatures . The campaign mainly aims to deter people from purchasing wool products and gives a number of alternatives . President of the Victorian Farming Federation , Peter Tuohey , congratulated TV presenter Gorgi Coghlan after she voiced her strong support for the wool industry on The Project on Tuesday . The Minister for Agriculture , Barnaby Joyce has also voiced his outrage calling the campaign a ` load of rubbish . ' According to The Weekly Times , in their submission to the Advertising Standards Bureau , the Victorian Farmers Federation said the campaign ` denigrates , offends , belittles and insults every Australian 's intelligence ' . ` The fact the lamb they are trying to represent is fake and made our of foam is grossly misleading and offensive , ' the submission says . ` The comments and allegations made by PETA misrepresent and damage an entire industry . ' PETA Australia campaigns manager Ashley Fruno reminded the public of the content of the gruesome video . ` Everyone keeps forgetting that there is a video that documents shearing leading to severe cuts on sheep 's bodies , ' she said . ` Large swaths of many sheep 's skin were cut or ripped off by the shears . Workers did n't give sheep any painkillers before using needles to sew up their flesh to try to close gaping , bloody wounds caused by shearing while the sheep writhed and kicked out in pain . ' But the President of the Victorian Farming Federation , Peter Tuohey , congratulated TV presenter Gorgi Coghlan after she voiced her strong support for the wool industry on The Project on Tuesday . Jona Weinhofen has not been as grateful to the public after receiving many hateful comments since the advert . Vegan lead guitarist of ` I Killed the Prom Queen , ' has received negativity due to his involvement in the advert . ` Well done Gorgi Coghlan for standing proud of the industry she grew up in . Farmers take animal welfare seriously , ' he Tweeted . The face of PETA 's campaign , Jona Weinhofen has not been as grateful to the public after receiving many hateful comments due to his involvement in the advert . ` Since my latest @PETA ad I have been constantly victimized by farmers , ' he tweeted . Australia is the world 's largest wool exporter , gaining a revenue of $ 3 billion a year . The decision on whether the official complaints meets the board 's requirements for investigation will be made this week .