He 's earned the plaudits of the majority of Everton supporters for his endeavours on-the-pitch , and now Steven Naismith has been awarded for his generosity off-it too . The Toffees forward is the latest recipient of the Barclays Spirit of the Game Award for his selfless charity work and contributions to the local community . The 28-year-old has worked with the likes of Job Centre Plus , Dyslexia Scotland and the Whitechapel Centre in Liverpool , to help give back to the communities that have supported him throughout his football career . Everton forward Steven Naismith -LRB- right -RRB- has won the Barclays Spirit of the Game Award . Naismith -LRB- centre -RRB- recieved the award for his selfless charity work and contributions to the local community . ` I think as a footballer you 've got a fantastic and unique opportunity to give something back which is worthwhile and when I 'm not playing football I try and help as many charities and associations as I can , ' he said of his reasons for his selfless actions . ` Giving back to the community comes probably from my upbringing and my working class background . ` My dad is a social worker and I grew up in a small village which had a very good and strong community that 's about helping people in need . ` I 'm speaking to these people first hand and they 've had knockbacks but they 're doing all they can and they 're not just sitting back and giving up . ' Naismith -LRB- centre -RRB- teamed up with Job Centre Plus to offer unemployed fans the opportunity to watch the club . Ahead of the current Premier League campaign , the Scotland international teamed up with Job Centre Plus to give Everton tickets to the unemployed people of Liverpool and offer them the opportunity to watch league games at Goodison Park . ` At the start of this season I decided to purchase some tickets for fans that are n't fortunate enough to go to games . I hooked up with Job Centre Plus because they people know first hand who is trying to get back into work , ' Naismith added , speaking about this initiative . ' Barclays Community Leader Maria Branigan said of the Toffees No 14 : ` Steven has gone and above his role as a footballer and we 've awarded him with the Spirit of the Game Award to recognise his fantastic work within the community . Barclays Community Leader Maria Branigan says Naismith has done ` fantastic work within the community ' Barclays are committed to helping the next generation of fans fall in love with football and for the remainder of the 2014-2015 season they will give supporters the chance to win tickets to their favourite team every week via the Barclays Spirit of the Game website . Barclays will also once again be giving away more than 8,000 tickets to local communities in partnership with Premier League clubs .