Two TSA employees have been fired after they used the airport body scanner inappropriately to allow the male worker to fondle male passengers ' genitals . The pair allegedly worked as a team to manipulate the results of a full body scanner at a security check-point in Denver International Airport last year , CBS4 reported . According to a Denver Police Department report seen by Daily Mail Online , the Transportation Security Administration -LRB- TSA -RRB- received an anonymous tip in November last year that an employee had admitted to ` groping ' men who came through security . Scroll down for video . The male employee and a female accomplice allegedly worked as a team to manipulate the TSA screening system at Denver International airport in 2014 . According to the report : ` When a male he finds attractive comes to be screened by the scanning machine , he will alert another TSA screener to indicate to the scanning computer that the party being screened is female . ` When the screener does this , the scanning machine will indicate an anomaly in the genital area . ' The male TSA employee would then perform pat downs of the male passenger 's genitals at the Colorado airport . Despite receiving an employee tip-off to the alleged sexual assaults in November , the TSA only investigated in February . A TSA supervisor told police that he saw the male employee ` give a signal ' then after the screening device showed the anomaly ` conduct a pat down of the passenger 's front groin and buttocks area with the palms of his hands ... contradictory to TSA searching policy ' . The female employee was questioned and admitted she had taken part in the assaults on unsuspecting passengers a total of 11 times . Both employees were fired following the incident . The TSA said that efforts to find the male Southwest Airlines passenger who was targeted had been unsuccessful . No other complaints have been made . Denver Police Department were unable to file criminal charges because no victims had been identified . The TSA refused to provide the names of the employees involved . The agency told Daily Mail Online on Tuesday : ` These alleged acts are egregious and intolerable . TSA has removed the two officers from the agency . ` All allegations of misconduct are thoroughly investigated by the agency . And when substantiated , employees are held accountable . ' Passengers undergo full body scans by Transportation Security Administration agents at the Denver International Airport . Two TSA employees were fired after a male worker performed inappropriate pat downs on male passengers he found attractive -LRB- stock image -RRB- .