A mother who spent months feeling unwell was horrified to discover she probably had cancer - after spotting all her symptoms on a Facebook post . Laura Everley , 36 , had experienced bloating , lower back pain and constipation over a three-month period . She also frequently needed to urinate . But having previously suffered irritable bowel syndrome and endometriosis , she put the symptoms down to those conditions . It was only when she stumbled across a post on her Facebook timeline , which detailed all the same symptoms , that she realised it could be cancer . Tests later revealed she had an aggressive ovarian tumour - and the disease had begun to spread . Scroll down for video . Laura Everley , 36 , was diagnosed with ovarian cancer after seeing a post on Facebook describing all her symptoms . She had been suffering from bloating , back pain , constipation and frequently needing the loo . In October 2014 , Mrs Everley underwent a hysterectomy to remove her womb and her ovaries . She is pictured with husband Mark , and her five-year-old son , Harry , before being diagnosed with cancer . After performing a hysterectomy to remove her womb as well as her ovaries , surgeons revealed the cancer had already begun to spread . Mrs Everley is now undergoing chemotherapy and doctors are confident she can beat the disease . She hopes her story will raise awareness to the symptoms of ovarian cancer , prompting other women to see their doctor if they are worried . Warning signs of the disease can be difficult to recognise , particularly in the early stages . This is because they are often the same as symptoms of other less serious conditions , such as irritable bowel syndrome -LRB- IBS -RRB- or pre-menstrual syndrome -LRB- PMS -RRB- . Mrs Everley said : ` The symptoms are the same , so I thought it could have been irritable bowel syndrome . ` I went down the gluten free route but that did n't make any difference . ` The idea of cancer had n't even entered my head . You just never dream this going to happen to you . ' By early 2014 , she had been suffering with her symptoms for three months . The symptoms of ovarian cancer can be difficult to recognise , particularly in its early stages . This is because they are often the same as symptoms of other less serious conditions , such as irritable bowel syndrome -LRB- IBS -RRB- or pre-menstrual syndrome -LRB- PMS -RRB- . However , three main symptoms are more frequent in women diagnosed with ovarian cancer . They are : . Other symptoms , such as back pain , needing to pass urine more frequently than usual , and pain during sex may be the result of other conditions in the pelvic area . However , they may be present in some women with ovarian cancer . Source : NHS Choices . Idly scrolling Facebook one evening , she noticed a post raising awareness of ovarian cancer . ` A friend had shared a post from a friend of theirs about her experiences of cancer and what she 'd been through , ' said Mrs Everley . ` There was a list of symptoms and I realised I had them all . ` I called my doctor straight away and told her that I thought I might have cancer . ' Medics confirmed Mrs Everley had a cyst , which was removed and sent away for a biopsy . She was also referred for an internal examination , which revealed abnormalities . In October 2014 , she was called into East Surrey hospital . ` I thought I was just going in for check-up so I did n't think to take anyone with me , ' she said . ` I was told I had clear cell carcinoma . ` It all sounded very medical and I had no idea what that meant . Finally , it dawned on me that it was a type of ovarian cancer . ` I was on my own finding this out . It was awful . I spent ages with the Macmillan nurse afterwards , sobbing in shock . ` I phoned my husband Mark as soon as I came out of hospital and told him over the phone . I could n't keep it to myself , I had to tell somebody . ` Having to tell my son Harry was horrible . He knows I have ovarian cancer , but he 's only five so he does n't quite understand what cancer means . ' Two weeks later , Mrs Everley met with surgeons , who gave her a heartbreaking choice -- whether to have one ovary removed , or a complete hysterectomy , which would leave her unable to have more children . ` I already had Harry , but I would have liked to have had more children , ' she said . ` It was difficult but I decided on the full hysterectomy -- I did n't want my cancer coming back . ` Afterwards doctors told me I 'd made the right choice . I had stage 1c cancer , meaning the cancer cells were n't contained in my ovary . After the hysterectomy , Mrs Everley underwent a course of chemotherapy , with each round leaving her sick for a week afterwards . She also lost her hair - which she says was an emotional experience . ` I 'd have needed the hysterectomy eventually anyway . ' Now , Mrs Everley is nearing the end of her course of chemotherapy and doctors are confident she can be cured . Her treatment has been gruelling , however , with each round leaving her feeling constantly sick for a week afterwards . She has also lost her hair . ` My hair started coming out in clumps , so I decided to just get a friend to shave it , ' she said . ` I did n't want to just watch it fall out . It was nice to regain a little control . ` It was a really emotional experience . My mum and dad came round and everybody cried -- even my friend that was shaving my head . Mrs Everley has been promoting Target Ovarian Cancer charity , hosting a coffee morning to raise money . ` My mum held my hand throughout . It was tough but I felt better afterwards . ' Mrs Everley has also been busy promoting Target Ovarian Cancer , hosting a coffee morning to raise money for the charity . She is also keen for women to be more aware of the symptoms of ovarian cancer . ` I do n't think people are sure of symptoms . There 's not a definite list , they 're all a bit vague and lots of them could mean other things , ' she said . ` I think that uncertainty puts people off going to the doctors . ` There 's no screening for ovarian cancer like there is with the smear test for cervical . ` Women need to know the signs because early diagnosis is the best chance of survival . ` It 's easy to dismiss and ignore symptoms , but it 's not worth the risk . ' Clear cell carcinoma is normally treated with a hysterectomy operation . Clear cell cancer of the ovary is an uncommon type of ovarian cancer . Epithelial ovarian cancer means the cancer started in the surface layer covering the ovary . It accounts for 3 to 5 per cent of patients with ovarian cancer in the western world and 20 per cent in the Far East . It is likely that the cause of clear cell cancer is different from the common variety . The prognosis for women with clear cell cancer is greatly influenced by the stage of the disease . Clear cell cancer may also arise more commonly in women with a history of endometriosis . The first treatment is the same as for the common form of epithelial ovarian cancer -- a hysterectomy . In some circumstances removal of the lymph glands in the pelvis and back of the abdomen may also be included . As well as removing the pelvic organs -LRB- ovaries , fallopian tubes , uterus and omentum -- the fatty tissue that covers the abdominal organs -RRB- , fluid will be collected from the abdominal cavity for testing for any cancer cells . A pathologist will examine the tissue and fluid removed to try and decide how advanced the cancer is . Some tumours are just in the ovary and so will have a better prognosis , about 20 per cent are stage 1 . However , in some cases , tumours will have spread through the outer lining -LRB- capsule -RRB- of the ovary and to other organs including the uterus -LRB- womb -RRB- , fallopian tubes , the lymph glands and the omentum . Usually post-operative treatment involves chemotherapy . Source : Ovacome .