An Oregon teacher is suing her rural school district over the lingering stress she feels following a surprise active shooter drill that administrators held in 2013 . Linda McLean was in her classroom at Pine Eagle Charter School in the tiny town of Halfway in August of that year when a masked man in a hoodie burst in with a gun , lowered it to her head and pulled the trigger . The 56-year-old elementary school teacher had no clue it was a drill to test her ` preparedness ' or that the gun was loaded with blanks . ` You 're dead , ' the shooter said . Shooter drill : Pine Eagle Charter school in Halfway , Oregon was the scene of a surprise ` active shooter ' drill that 's left teacher Linda McLean with post-traumatic fears years later . In fact , she believed for a several moments that she would soon die . Now , years after learning of the ` harebrained scheme , ' Oregon Live reports that McLean is still traumatized by the event . ` McLean could not figure out what was going on , ' reads the lawsuit . ` She felt very confused . Her heart was racing . She walked out of the classroom and saw a pistol lying on the ground . ` She wondered if she was really shot and was going to die . ' Class was out of session that day and school officials had warned emergency services in the area not to show up should any teachers call 911 . They also ran checks on all the teacher to make sure none of them had concealed weapons permits , should they decide to fight back . The two masked ` intruders ' stormed a room where several teachers had gathered . ` It was shocking , ' teacher Dollie Beck admitted at the time , but ` it heightened my awareness about what 's around me . ' But well afterwards , says the complaint , McLean 's awareness was possibly too heightened . ` She could not shake the event but continued to relive it and try to make sense of it , . ` Ms. McLean could not sleep , and remained anxious and vigilant . When she drifted off to sleep , she experienced nightmares and sweating . ' Doctors diagnosed McLean with post-traumatic stress disorder and urged her to return to the school as a form of desensitization . However , ` when she returned she was short of breath , anxious , emotionally distressed , and had to leave . She has not returned to the school building since . ' Now McLean wants reparations ` for her involuntary separation from employment , her medical and psychological treatment , and the loss of retirement contributions and fringe benefits . ' She is suing members of the school board , the masked safety officer who ambushed her , school administrators and the alarm company that services the school for punitive damages and attorney fees .