Two teenage cancer survivors have been left distraught after photographs they posted on Facebook to celebrate getting the all-clear were reported for nudity . Tiffany Williams and Jessica Versey , both 19 and from Chester , Cheshire , became close friends during their treatment and went into remission around the same time . They then took to social media to post images of themselves - including one of Miss Williams 's bald head and another of Miss Versey 's chest scar - but these were reported for being ` offensive ' . Reported for nudity : Tiffany Williams and Jessica Versey , took to social media to post images of themselves -- including one of Miss Williams 's bald head -LRB- left -RRB- and another of Miss Versey 's chest scar -LRB- right -RRB- . Battled through : Tiffany Williams , pictured with Peter Andre , was cleared of Hodgkin lymphoma this month . Shock : The picture Tiffany Williams uploaded -LRB- left -RRB- was reported by someone on Facebook for ` nudity ' Miss Williams was cleared of Hodgkin lymphoma earlier this month and regularly documented her struggle with losing hair during chemotherapy on Facebook . While undergoing treatment she decided to cut off all her hair after choosing against it on many previous occasions - making a ` ten-minute decision ' that she would get a friend to shave it off . But , telling of what happened next , she said : ` Feeling proud , I updated my friends on Facebook with the caption `` I did it ! '' - and about two hours later found that someone had reported it for nudity . ` It did n't get deleted but I knew it must have been someone I had as a friend . I posted a nice one of me with my make-up on the day after , and that got reported too . Tough : This picture , the first selfie Miss Versey uploaded showing her bald head , was reported for nudity . Survivors : Miss Williams is seen in a photo - not reported to Facebook - revealing she had got the all-clear -LRB- left -RRB- , and Miss Versey 's post with the image of her scar which was reported for nudity is also pictured -LRB- right -RRB- . Feeling happy : Miss Versey , who received lifesaving bone marrow treatment from her ten-year-old sister Maisy , said it was ` a massive deal ' for her chemotherapy catheter be taken out after her gruelling cancer battle . Joking around : Miss Williams regularly wrote on her struggle with losing hair to chemotherapy on Facebook . ` All I was doing was trying to help others that might need that little boost to show that no one is different , with or without hair or scars . ' If a user wishes to tell Facebook that they believe a picture is breaching nudity guidelines , he or she can click on ` options ' under the image and ` report photo ' . The user must then click on ` nudity ' as the reason for a complaint , before confirming they want to report the image to Facebook . It is then sent to the website 's community operations team in Ireland , who consider every report and make a decision based on Facebook 's community standards . The user whose profile carries the photo will receive a notification to say their image has been reported -- but it is only removed if Facebook find it breaches guidelines . And she was further shocked last week when leukaemia sufferer Miss Versey 's photo of the scar left by the removal of her chemotherapy catheter also got reported for nudity . Miss Versey , who received lifesaving bone marrow treatment from her ten-year-old sister Maisy , said it was ` a massive deal ' for it be taken out after her gruelling cancer battle . She added : ` Having that taken out was a big thing for me , as it essentially kept me alive for so long . I shared my scar to show people my body was one step further away from cancer . ` As soon as I put it up it was reported for nudity , then straight away a selfie of my bald head was also reported - the first ever picture I posed with no hair . It really upset me as I did n't see what the big deal was . ` It 's weird that people find it acceptable to post half-naked pictures but yet people get offended by me sharing my journey with cancer . ' Miss Williams added that she was distraught to know that ` someone that knows me and Jess gets a kick ' out of reporting the photographs . A spokesman for Facebook said today that it does not comment on individual cases , but referred MailOnline to its community guidelines published online for ` encouraging respectful behaviour ' . The ` nudity ' section states : ` We remove photographs of people displaying genitals or focusing in on fully exposed buttocks . We also restrict some images of female breasts if they include the nipple . ` But we always allow photos of women actively engaged in breastfeeding or showing breasts with post-mastectomy scarring . We also allow photographs of paintings , sculptures and other art that depicts nude figures . ` Restrictions on the display of both nudity and sexual activity also apply to digitally-created content unless the content is posted for educational , humorous or satirical purposes . ` Explicit images of sexual intercourse are prohibited . Descriptions of sexual acts that go into vivid detail may also be removed . ' Miss Versey has almost 4,200 friends on Facebook , with 80 of these mutual with Miss Williams . Struggles over : Jessica Versey -LRB- left -RRB- and Tiffany Williams -LRB- right -RRB- pictured today after their battles with cancer .