The yoga being taught in a San Diego County school system is not a gateway to Hinduism and does n't violate the religious rights of students or their parents , a California appeals court ruled Friday . The 4th District Court of Appeal in San Diego upheld a lower court ruling that tossed out a family 's lawsuit trying to block the Encinitas Union School District from teaching yoga as an alternative to traditional gym classes . The lawsuit brought by Stephen and Jennifer Sedlock and their two children claimed the school district 's yoga classes promoted Hinduism and inhibited Christianity . Scroll down for video . Students hold their positions during a yoga class at Capri Elementary School in Encinitas , California , in 2012 . A California appeals court ruled yoga classes taught at Capri do not violate students ' right to religious freedom . The court upheld the previous ruling in a 3-0 opinion . The district court wrote : ` While the practice of yoga may be religious in some contexts , yoga classes as taught in the district are , as the trial court determined , `` devoid of any religious , mystical , or spiritual trappings . '' ` We conclude that the program is secular in purpose , does not have the primary effect of advancing or inhibiting religion and does not excessively entangle the school district in religion . ` The district 's yoga program does not violate our state constitution . ' The First Amendment bans school-sponsored religious promotion and prayer . Yoga instructor Kristen McCloskey -LRB- right -RRB- leads third graders at Olivenhain Pioneer Elementary School in 2012 . The Sedlocks were disappointed with the ruling and are considering their options . Attorney Dean Broyles said : ` No other court in the past 50 years has allowed public school officials to lead children in formal religious rituals like the Hindu liturgy of praying to , bowing to , and worshipping the sun god . ' A school distort lawyer said there were no rituals occurring in the classroom and no one was worshipping the sun or leading Hindu rites . The district said the practice is taught in a secular way to promote strength , flexibility and balance . Yoga is now taught at schools across the country , but the district is believed to be the first with full-time yoga teachers at all schools . A three-year grant from the K.P. Jois Foundation , a nonprofit group that promotes Ashtanga yoga , provides twice-weekly , 30-minute classes to the district 's 5,600 students . About 30 families have opted out of the classes since they began in 2011 .