Mauricio Pochettino believes Harry Kane deserves to pip Eden Hazard to the player of the year award . That two forwards are the leading contenders to scoop the PFA accolade after their nominations this week . Hazard is the red hot favourite to land the prize after his excellent season with Chelsea . Harry Kane has been nominated for PFA Player of the Year after a standout season for Tottneham . Spurs boss Mauricio Pochettino says Kane deserves to win the award for his impact on English football . But Pochettino says Kane , who could become the first Spurs player to score 30 goals in a season since Gary Lineker achieved the feat 27 years ago , should take the award . ` I think that Hazard is a very good player , he 's fantastic , a great player . But the impact that Harry has had on English football is massive . ` Maybe the impact is bigger than Hazard and his performances . ` Everyone knew that Hazard is a brilliant player . ` But I think not too many people expected that Harry Kane would show the performances that he has this season . Kane will have to beat off competition from Eden Hazard if he is to claim individual gong . Kane 's scintillating form in front of goal this season has earned him international recognition . Eden Hazard - Chelsea . Diego Costa - Chelsea . Harry Kane - Tottenham Hotspur . Alexis Sanchez - Arsenal . David de Gea - Manchester United . Philippe Coutinho - Liverpool . This is the difference I believe . ' Meanwhile , Pochettino has defended the club 's decision to play a one off pre-season game against the MLS All Stars in Colorado on July 29 . In the past , the Argentine has spoken out against the idea of summer tours in long haul destinations . But Pochettino , who are also travelling to Malaysia and Australia for a post-season tour , said : ` It 's only one game . We go there and back . ` It 's nine hours . It 's very important for us because it 's a very important game because it 's against the All-Star with the biggest stars , it 's only one game , it 's after three weeks training here . Kane has scored 29 goals in all competitions for Tottenham this season . ` I think it 's a good possibility to go on Monday and come back after the game on Wednesday . ` We only spend three days . It 's not a pre-season tour where you spend maybe 14-15 days away . ` On a pre-season , you need good pitches for training . You have a problem with traffic like happened on the last pre-season tour . It 's not proper to prepare . ` It 's a good possibility because it 's a prestigious match . Maybe we 'll play against Kaka or David Villa - a very good test for us . '