Deep in rural South Africa , a terrifying white supremacist movement is brainwashing teenagers to rise up in defiance of Nelson Mandela 's hard-fought dream of a Rainbow Nation . The far-right Afrikaner Resistance Movement -LRB- AWB -RRB- is training thousands of youths in military-style bootcamps northwest of Johannesburg to fight for a separate white state . By day , they are pushed to their physical limits with assault courses and self-defence lessons , all the while being told of the danger from ` the millions of blacks trying to kill you ' . Then by night , they are subjected to vile racist indoctrination which many hoped had disappeared from South Africa for good . Scroll down for video . Indoctrinated : Teenagers take part in a military-style bootcamp run by the far-right Afrikaner Resistance Movement which is training and brainwashing them into taking up thecause of creating a separate white state . ` I do n't have black friends ' : Dion Bernard , a 15-year-old nicknamed Sparky , has a gun placed against his head during self-defence lessons at the Afrikaner Resistance Movement camp near Johannesburg . For Dion Bernard , a 15-year-old boy enrolled on the latest camp , the seeds of old hatred are already cemented in his mind . ` In the Bible it says black people must live with black people and white people must live with white people , ' he says . ` You can not mix nations . I do n't have black friends . If they come to my side and ask to speak to me , I will say no . Or I will turn my back on them and walk away . ' Dion comes from a deeply religious family , part of a small but determined minority of Afrikaner people who still yearn for apartheid-era politics . He is one more than 2,000 teenagers who have attend Kommando core , an AWB ` endurance ' camp for white youngsters , over the last two years . Filmmakers followed their story for a controversial documentary called Fatherland by TIA Productions . ` We want our own country ' : Members of the camp burn the South African flag whle holding an Afrikaner one . Sinister : More than 2,000 teenagers who have attend Kommando core , an AWB ` endurance ' camp for white youngsters , over the last two years . The camp is run by Colonel Jooste , a veteran of the South African apartheid era . ` South Africa is bleeding , ' he says . ` And this is why we have to train our people to be prepared . ` There 's millions and millions of blacks around you , smothering you ... and killing you . ` So you have to implement certain systems to survive and that 's why we say the only system we can go now for is not apartheid . That 's second prize . First prize is freedom . ' His lectures sound like something taken straight out of the slave-trade era . By day , the youngsters are pushed to their physical limits with assault courses and self-defence lessons . But by night , they are subjected to vile racist indoctrination which many probably hoped had disappeared from South Africa for good . He tells them : ` We look different . We do n't look the same as them . ` They have thick lips . The lips are likely to curl upwards . ` Okay ? We have thin lips . The negroes ears on the inside are totally different to ours . ` It 's much more sensitive . That 's why us Afrikaners know , hit them against the ears and they 'll fall to the ground . Because their ears are made differently . ' Later , members of the camp are filmed burning the South African flag while holding the Afrikaner one . ` No one will force us to stand under this flag , ' they say . ` We Afrikaners want our freedom . We want our own country . '