A British former supermarket security guard , who left his parents house and became an ISIS jihadist in Syria , has been busy writing advice about ` dealing ' with wannabe jihadi brides . Omar Hussain , 27 , from High Wycombe , first came to prominence when he appeared in a ISIS propaganda video , urging the West to send troops to fight ISIS , vowing ` we 'll send them back one by one in coffins . ' Now the fighter has been promoting himself as an amateur Islamic thinker , regularly attempting to write about daily issues faced by jihadists . Omar Hussain , 27 , from High Wycombe , used to live at home with his mother and work as a security guard at Morrisons before he travelled to Syria . Entitled ` Dealing with sisters and social media ' , the lazy fighter dishes out his best advice for handling the ladies . The fighter , who still has n't managed to find himself a jihadi bride , encourages fighters not to be disheartened by the other fighters who get married via social media . The extremist warns of jihadi brides becoming jealous of other women liking their husband 's social media account too much . He wrote : ` No pious sister would be pleased to see her husband getting so many likes from other sisters . Not to mention how glamorous some of these niqabi sisters try to look in their poses of their profile pics . The 27-year-old claimed : ` Even a simple word of praise from a sister online can damage your intention . Always keep yourself in check . ' Hussain initially joined Jabhat al-Nusra but switched to ISIS after just four months . He spends most of his time writing and taking photographs from his home in Raqqa , Syria . Creepy jihadi Omar Hussain also has a cat , known as Lucy , whom he adopted from the streets . The bachelor has been keen to dish out advice on securing jihadi brides . When he is not furiously trying to write advice about Islam , Hussain seems to enjoy eating plenty of unhealthy snacks and attempting to cook . The hapless self styled hitch wrote : ` You may see some brothers with so many sisters following them , with sisters praising them , writing on their page etc. . But just ignore the temptations . ' Hussain also describes women as ` the adornment of this world , and man is constantly tempted to seek a woman 's attention . ' Whilst he loves giving out advice on social media , Hussain appears to struggle with life outside the cyber world . Unable to fight , Hussain finds even the most basic tasks in life difficult and even recently admitted it took him an astonishing 50 minutes to peel just 10 minuscule potatoes . The failed fighter wrote : ` Life ca n't go on like this , I need a Sabi -LRB- servant -RRB- : servant ' He confessed that he had to cut up the potatoes the next morning after tiring himself out with the peeling process . Unable to fight , Hussain finds even the most basic tasks in life difficult and even admitted it even took him an astonishing 50 minutes to peel just 10 minuscule potatoes . The fighter recently claimed he had been a terror camp trainer whilst he was with Jabhat al-Nusra . He also posted a picture of a gym which he appears to have briefly visited . The calamitous jihadi initially joined the Al Qaeda affiliated group Jabhat al-Nusra , before switching to the more popular ISIS after just four months . Surprisingly , the fighter recently claimed he had been a terror camp trainer whilst he was with Jabhat al-Nusra . He wrote : ` Initially I was with Jabhat An-Nusrah , so all my training was done with them , and due to my physique at the time , I was appointed to stay in the training camp and train the new set of brothers . ' Whilst it is difficult to verify Hussain 's claims , it is possible that he was involved in the training of other fighters . Last August , Hussain appeared on BBC2 's Newsnight , saying : ` I hate the UK , the only reason why I would intend to return to the UK is when I want to come and plant a bomb somewhere . '