Nigel Farage 's controversial claim that foreign nationals with HIV should not be treated on the NHS was part of what insiders called a ` shock and awful ' strategy . A Ukip source revealed the party had initially planned for Mr Farage to mention the number of foreign patients suffering from tuberculosis , in the leaders debates last night . But when it was discovered that the antiretroviral drugs to treat people with HIV were more expensive , a decision was taken to use that example instead . Scroll down for video . Nigel Farage 's controversial claim that foreign nationals with HIV should not be treated on the NHS was part of what insiders called a ` shock and awful ' strategy . Mr Farage was greeted with silence in the hall when he said during the debate about the NHs that of the 7,000 diagnosed with HIV , 60 per cent were born abroad . After saying this was something the other leaders would be ` mortified that I dare to even talk about it ' , he said : ` You can come to Britain from anywhere in the world and get diagnosed with HIV and get the retroviral drugs that cost up to £ 25,000 per year per patient . ` I know there are some horrible things happening in many parts of the world , but what we need is to put the National Health Service there for the British people and families who have paid into this system for decades . ' Despite criticism from other parties and viewers , Ukip revealed it had been part of a deliberate strategy to appeal to their ` core voter ' -- not to try and attract floating voters to the party . A Ukip insider said Mr Farage 's remark was ` a bit spicy ' . They added : ` We were going to go for TB but we found out that the HIV drugs were more expensive ' . The strategy , it was claimed , was ` shock and awe , or as some would call it shock and awful . ' Mr Farage was greeted with silence in the hall when he said during the debate about the NHs that of the 7,000 diagnosed with HIV , 60 per cent were born abroad . It comes after Ukip 's share of the vote in recent polls has dropped significantly from highs of 19pc late last year , to just 10pc in several polls over the past month , as supporters appear to have returned to the Conservatives and Labour . Mr Farage has claimed he would stand down if he does not win the seat he is contesting in Thanet South , and last night all of his answers focused on the need to curb immigration . Ukip first MP Douglas Carswell refused to endorse Mr Farage 's remark . Asked several times whether he agreed with it , he said Mr Farage had given ` credible ' answers in the debate . Douglas Carswell has refused to endorse Mr Farage 's remarks . Mr Carswell , the MP for Clacton in Essex , added : ` It is sensible and reasonable to say we want a national health service , not an international health service , and that 's all I 'm going to say . ' George Osborne , the Chancellor , said the remarks were intended to provoke a reaction from ministers and said ` I 'm not going to dignify them with a response ' . A half-time poll from ComRes/ITV News poll showed 24 per cent of voters giving Mr Farage the lead in the debate , but almost as many thought he was also the worst of the seven leaders . Jo Swinson , the Liberal Democrat business minister , said the remarks were ` breathtakingly appalling ' . Mr Carswell 's father , Wilson , was a respected physician and fellow of the Royal College of Surgeons who diagnosed the first confirmed cases of HIV in Uganda in the 1970s . He was the inspiration for the character of Dr Nicholas Garrigan in The Last King of Scotland . Mr Carswell yesterday insisted the party was not split . He said : ` I see what you 're trying to do in asking me this slanted question . I thought Nigel was superb in the debates . His answers were credible . ' Mr Farage appeared to embarrass Mr Carswell when he won his seat in a by-election in October by calling for a ban on people with HIV entering the UK . Mr Carswell said at the time : ` I think this row has been slightly confected . Noone is seriously suggesting we should screen people for HIV coming in . '