A brother and sister were left severely disabled after maternity staff at the hospital where they were both born , two years apart , made the same mistakes . Paula McKay was told her daughter Natasha had suffered brain damage and would be left disabled after errors were made by medics at the former Sharoe Green Hospital in Preston . When she became pregnant with her second child , less than two years later , she was reassured the same mistakes would not be repeated . But the promise was an empty one . When Patrick was delivered at the same hospital , the same errors were made , leaving her son brain damaged and severely disabled like his older sister . Ms McKay , from Leyland , near Preston , has been awarded £ 13 million in compensation , a £ 7 million care package for her daughter five years after a £ 6 million sum for her son 's lifelong care was agreed . Paula McKay , centre , has won a 20-year legal battle to secure £ 13 million compensation for her two children Natasha , 24 , left and Patrick , 22 , right . They were both left severely disabled after the same mistakes were repeated by staff at the same hospital , two years apart , during their births . Maternity staff at the hospital failed to monitor Ms McKay , and failed to recognise Natasha was in distress in the womb . She was delivered 10 weeks prematurely by C-section , but staff failed to ventilate her properly , which caused severe brain damage . Natasha , who is now 24 , is confined to a wheelchair and will rely on 24-hour care from a team of nurses who help her dress and eat for the rest of her life . After she was starved of oxygen at birth , Natasha was diagnosed with severe cerebral palsy and epilepsy . Maternity staff at the hospital failed to monitor Ms McKay , and failed to recognise Natasha was in distress in the womb . She was delivered 10 weeks prematurely by C-section , but staff failed to ventilate her properly , which caused severe brain damage . Seventeen months later when she became pregnant with her son , Patrick , Ms McKay returned to the same hospital . Staff assured her , the same mistakes would not be repeated . However , medics once again failed to monitor her condition , and did not spot that Patrick 's heart rate was very low . Ms McKay was , once again , rushed to theatre for an emergency C-section to deliver her son . As a result of the mistakes made , Patrick , now 22 , was left brain-damaged and with cerebral palsy . Ms McKay , who has since divorced Natasha and Patrick 's father and remarried , said what had happened to her family was a nightmare . ` Natasha and Patrick have been through so much in their lives and it has been heart-breaking to see them suffer at times due to the injuries they were left with . ' She told the Telegraph : ` It has been a huge struggle . This feels like the end of a very long , dark tunnel . ` It 's obviously devastating for it to happen to one of your children , but for it to happen to two of them , you just ca n't take it in . ' She added : ` It upsets me to think about any other families going through the same ordeal and having to fight hospital trusts to help children they have failed . ` However I would say to any other parents in the same situation not to give up hope , you can eventually get the help you and your child needs and things can get better . ' The family have fought for 20 years to secure compensation to ensure Natasha and Patrick will receive the care they need for life . In 2008 the NHS North West strategic health authority , formerly the body responsible for the hospital , admitted liability in Patrick 's case . Two years later the NHS Litigation Authority paid £ 6 million for his ongoing care . When Ms McKay went into labour with her second child , medics once again failed to monitor her condition , and did not spot that Patrick 's heart rate was very low . Ms McKay was , once again , rushed to theatre for an emergency C-section to deliver her son . Natasha and Patrick both suffered brain damage , and as a result were diagnosed with cerebral palsy . Natasha is confined to a wheelchair and requires 24-hour care from a team of nurses . However , Natasha 's case took longer to investigate and conclude , because it was extremely complicated . The strategic health authority , which no longer exists , admitted liability in her case five years ago when she was 19 . The final compensation , again paid by the NHS Litigation Authority , was delayed to allow Natasha to finish at Beaumont College , a specialist college for people affected by cerebral palsy . The delay also allowed for a property to be bought , extended and adapted for Natasha , to live with a team of full-time carers . Cerebral palsy is a neurological condition that affects movement and co-ordination . It is often caused by brain damage , during or shortly after birth . Other causes of the condition include : . It is estimated that around one in 400 people in the UK is affected . The symptoms of cerebral palsy normally become apparent during the first three years of a child 's life . The main characteristics of the condition are : . The symptoms can affect different areas of the body and vary in severity from person to person . Many sufferers will also suffer repeated seizures , drooling problems and swallowing difficulties . Some will also have communication and learning difficulties . Source : NHS Choices . The family have now been awarded £ 7 million in Natasha 's case . Ms McKay said the final settlement has brought her some comfort , reassuring her that her children will always be cared for . ` I am relieved that I no longer have to worry about what will happen when I am not here anymore , and that both will have access to the specialist care they need and deserve , ' she said . ` Another important factor of this financial settlement is that it will ensure Natasha receives excellent ongoing care that will not ever be affected by local or national budget cuts . ' Olivia Scates , a partner at JMW Solicitors , who represented both Natasha and Patrick , said this was an ` unprecedented situation ' where two children in one family had suffered brain damage and cerebral palsy as a result of negligence . ` Paula has had to cope with two avoidable tragedies involving her children , ' she said . ` To go through such an ordeal once and a child 's life to be devastated is tragic , for it to happen to two children in the same family is unbelievably sad . ` However Paula is an incredible mother who has dedicated her life to caring for Natasha and Patrick and has conducted herself with great dignity throughout their cases . ` Nothing can be done to turn back the clock but with the settlement of Natasha 's case Paula will have the support she needs to provide that care to her daughter and ensure that she does not have to worry about the future , especially when she is not here anymore , which was a huge concern . ` Natasha will never be able to live independently , work or do any of the things the rest of us take for granted . ` However as well as the highly specialist accommodation and equipment she requires now she will have access to excellent care that will improve her quality of life and enable her to access therapies and activities designed for people with her level of disability . ' Ms McKay has a third child , George , now 19 , who was born at Kings College in London without any complications . He is now training to become a nurse , to continue to help disabled people in his working life , after helping care for his siblings at home . Sharoe Green Hospital closed in 2004 , when it merged with the Royal Preston Hospital to become Preston Acute Hospitals NHS Trust .