It was 25 years ago this week that the skeletal remains of a woman were found near Daytona Beach in Florida - and police are still trying to find out who she is , and who killed her . The Jane Doe was found in a wooded area in Volusia County on April 23 , 1990 . Investigators believe her badly decomposed remains , which consisted mostly just bones , had been there for up to eight weeks before they were discovered . The death was ruled a homicide and the case remains open , and police hope a new facial reconstruction using the latest technology with help them finally solve the murder . Unsolved homicide : Forensics have used the latest technology to reconstruct the skeletal remains of a woman found near Daytona Beach 25 years ago this week to produce this image . She was never identified . A forensic artist recently created a lifelike , computer-generated image of the woman 's face , which is the biggest development in the case in years , The Daytona Beach News Journal reported . The Jane Doe is described as between 25 and 40 years old , about 5-feet 4-inches in height and of a medium build . At the time of her death , her brown hair was tied into pig tails . According to forensics , the woman seems to have had multiple children . The new reconstruction shows the vast improvements in forensic science over the years . The last image , released in 2001 , was done by a FBI-trained facial reconstruction artist using the victim 's skull . Advancements : The last image of Jane Doe was done in 2001 using the controversial method of forensic facial reconstruction , which relies on the victim 's skull and an artist building the face using clay . Scene : The victim was found in a wooded area east of Clyde Morris Boulevard in Volusia County in April 1990 . Investigators are urging anyone with information to call Sgt. Pat Thoman at 386-254-1535 . Anonymous tips can also be lodged using Crime Stoppers of Volusia and Flagler counties at 888-277-TIPS -LRB- 8477 -RRB- . There is a cash reward on offer of up to $ 5,000 .