For talented youth team strikers fighting for their big break in the game , goals really are the best currency to convert into those precious first-team minutes . And after extraordinary seasons in which they have both smashed the 35-goal mark , Chelsea 's teenage strike duo Tammy Abraham and Dominic Solanke are certainly flush at the moment . The two 17-year-olds are in the form of their young lives , enhancing their reputations every time they find the net and boosting their chances of Jose Mourinho handing them some game time once the Premier League title has been secured . Tammy Abraham scores for Chelsea during their 3-1 FA Youth Cup final first leg win against Manchester City . Striker Dominic Solanke celebrates after scoring Chelsea 's third goal at the Academy Stadium on Monday . And after the Portuguese manager said his first-team squad had space for ` three or four kids ' next season , there is every incentive to keep scoring . The latest victim of their remarkable goalscoring spree was Manchester City in the first leg of the FA Youth Cup final on Monday night . Chelsea will take a commanding 3-1 lead into the second leg at Stamford Bridge after Abraham 's double - which took his tally to 36 for the season - was added to late on by Solanke , who has now reached 35 . The Blues have consciously tried to recruit talented young players from the London area and Camberwell-born Abraham , who joined the club in the under eights , is a success story of this policy . By any standards , he has enjoyed an exceptional season and one that has featured numerous milestones in his development . Most striking has been the sheer volume of goals for the under 18 team , who finished 10 points clear at the top of the southern section of the Premier League at that age group , and are currently competing in the play-off round . Abraham is top scorer in the whole competition with 22 goals . Solanke -LRB- No 9 -RRB- celebrates with Abraham after the latter 's second goal of the night and 36th this season . Solanke , pictured scoring against City , could play for the first-team against Arsenal this weekend . Highlights included back-to-back hat-tricks in away matches with Tottenham -LRB- which ended in 4-2 and 6-4 wins -RRB- , plus four goals during Chelsea 's run to success in the UEFA Youth League , the continental competition for under 19 teams . This campaign has also seen a scoring debut for Chelsea 's under 21 side and a first involvement with the England youth set-up . It has been the kind of scoring sequence where pretty much anything struck seems to fly into the top corner and that was the case for Abraham 's first goal against City . Controlling Charlie Colkett 's excellent ball over the top to allow it to run across his body , he sent his shot spearing into the top corner . It was a moment that drew considerable attention on Twitter . Little wonder the dreadlocked frontman described ` scoring goals as the best feeling ever ' in an interview after the match . His second goal showed the sort of instinct all successful strikers need , positioning himself on the edge of City 's six-yard box to hook the ball home after the goalkeeper had blocked an initial header from Izzy Brown . Abraham -LRB- right -RRB- poses with team-mates Charly Musonda and Izzy Brown -LRB- L-R -RRB- after winning the Youth League . Solanke trains regularly with Chelsea 's first-team and made his senior debut against Maribor this season . Another strength is his ability to play across the forward line , on either flank or as a central targetman . On Monday , he started on the right , with Solanke as the No 9 and Izzy Brown on the other side . When asked about it , Abraham showed a studious nature when it comes to watching the game : ` Over the years you see how people have to change their positions in games and it 's a good thing if you can adapt . ' Solanke is a more familiar name to not only followers of Chelsea but football fans in general . He has been part of Mourinho 's first-team squad all season alongside Brown , 18 , and the midfielder Ruben Loftus-Cheek , 19 . They train daily with the first team and Solanke made his professional debut when he replaced Oscar for the final 20 minutes of a Champions League match with Maribor back in October . He seems well-suited to the continental stage , as shown by the tournament-best 12 goals he scored as Chelsea became the first English side to lift the Youth League after beating Shakhtar Donetsk in Nyon , Switzerland last week . Solanke scored in every round in that competition and has now done likewise in the Youth Cup , a competition he won when Chelsea beat Fulham in last season 's final . Abraham acrobatically puts Chelsea 2-1 ahead against Manchester City after Isaac Buckley 's equaliser . Solanke scores Chelsea 's second goal in their 3-2 win over Shakhtar Donetsk in the UEFA Youth League final . By his standards , it was a quiet night against City but when his chance came in the closing minutes , he made no mistake and scored a potentially tie-killing third . With Diego Costa out injured and Loic Remy and Didier Drogba doubtful , there is a chance Solanke will play against Arsenal in the Premier League this weekend . His performances this season , which has also seen him elevated to England Under 18 standard , mean he is no longer an unknown quantity but any first-team action between now and the close of the campaign will be valuable . Solanke is calm about his future but certainly not complacent . He said after the Youth League success : ` It 's a tough task at Chelsea to get into the first team but you 've just got to keep working and see what happens . ` You 've got to keep trying to improve and impress and who knows what happens in the future . ' Like Abraham , he is certainly making a compelling case at the moment .