One of Diego Simeone 's many managerial mantras -- and there are already enough to fill a volume that would rival Louis van Gaal 's Biographie & Vision -- is : ` I always think that tomorrow I could be sacked ' . It perfectly illustrates his work ethic and his obsession with guarding against complacency but even he must know that right now no-one is further from the chop than the 44-year-old coach who took Atletico Madrid to the title last season and leads them into the Champions League quarter-final against Real Madrid on Tuesday night . There was a communal sigh let-out across several boardrooms of top European football clubs two weeks ago when he put pen to paper on a new deal that ties him to the club until 2019 . Diego Simeone shows off his playing skills as he prepare Atletico Madrid for their Champions League clash . Simeone talks to his squad ahead of Real Madrid 's visit on Tuesday night in the quarter final first leg . Sporting directors from Manchester to Milan were watching his situation carefully and the new four year contract with the option of a fifth season appears to have ended his chances of arriving in Italy or England this summer . Back home in Madrid the Atletico supporters were delirious at the news . Never mind that last year 's title will not be repeated this season . The fans have long enough memories to remember how bad things were back in December 2011 , before his appointment . Current Chelsea striker Diego Costa would also remember that period well . He was just about to return from a cruciate ligament injury that had sidelined him for three months . The Argentinian manager has imposed his incredible work ethic on his players since joining Atletico . Simeone has turned Atletico around since joining in December 2011 , and recently extended his deal . His Atletico Madrid team-mates were stagnating under coach Gregorio Manzano and had just been knocked out of the Cup by a third division side , Albacete . Costa had previously been out on loan at Albacete and had the good grace to go into their dressing-room after the game and congratulate his former team-mates on their giantkilling scalp . Back in his own dressing room the mood was bleak . The team were closer to the relegation zone than the European places and Manzano was soon sacked and replaced by Simeone . Sceptics said his inexperience as a coach in Europe would prevent him succeeding . Romantics said the former captain and double winner at Atletico would bring back the glory days . The romantics were right . Without Costa , who was at first loaned out to Rayo Vallecano , Simeone 's Atletico won the Europa League and the European Super Cup . Costa returned to help them win the Copa del Rey and the league as well as making last season 's Champions League final . That final in Lisbon seemed to put Real back on top in the Spanish capital but Simeone 's noisy neighbours have refused to pipe-down . In the six subsequent matches between the two sides they have not let Real win a single game . In the two-legged Spanish Super Cup at the start of the season Atletico drew 1-1 in the Bernabeu and beat Real 1-0 in the Calderon . They then went to the Bernabeu in the league and won 2-1 . Saul scores a brilliant bicycle kick during the 4-0 win over Real at the Vicente Calderon earlier this season . Cristiano Ronaldo and Gareth Bale were unable to do anything to prevent Atletico 's dominance in February . And when the two teams were drawn against each other in the Copa del Rey Atletico won the first leg 2-0 and then drew the second . Worse was to come for Real Madrid in the League in February when they lost the away fixture 4-0 . This season Atletico Madrid are not going to win the league but no one is ruling out another tilt at the prize they were seconds from winning last season -- leading from Diego Godin 's goal until the last minute when Sergio Ramos scored to take the match to extra time . Atletico players had told anyone who would listen throughout last season that while they did n't give themselves much of a chance in La Liga up against the stronger squads of Real Madrid and Barcelona , they did fancy themselves in the Champions League -- ` we can beat anyone over two legs ' was the message and that still stands . They showed tremendous resilience to come through against Bayer Leverkusen in the last round with Fernando Torres scoring the last penalty of the shoot-out . Ronaldo scored the fourth goal in Real Madrid 's win over their rivals in last year 's Champions League final . Simeone 's players watch on after losing out in Lisbon , but are determined to bounce back this year . He put through his own net at the weekend in the league typifying that faltering league form and will probably make way for Mario Mandzukic Tuesday . The battering-ram bought from Bayern in the summer to replace Costa has not always met Simeone 's demands for constant pressing of the opposition 's defence this season . After a fall-out with Simone , who in one recent match was visibly furious with his striker , a fragile truce has been called although the likes of PSG 's Edinson Cavani and Villarreal 's Luciano Vietto are being looked at as replacements for next season . Mandzukic told his manager recently that he had regularly played through injury and wanted resting . He was obliged , and now looks set to be brought back in to face Pepe and Sergio Ramos . Former Bayern Munich striker Mario Mandzukic -LRB- behind -RRB- is set to start alongside Antoine Griezmann . Mandzukic has patched up his relationship with Simeone and will play ahead of Fernando Torres on Tuesday . Tuesday night may well be as much about keeping a clean sheet as scoring . Ronaldo returns the scene of Madrid 's biggest crime this season -- that 4-0 defeat in the league on the day he celebrated his 30th birthday . Sometimes in training Simeone likes to play a very special game of attack against defence . He lines up a first team back seven against 14 youth teamers . He 's proud of the first-team defences ' ability to keep the ball out of their goal despite being outnumbered two to one . Whether 14 youth team players amounts to more or less than Gareth Bale , Ronaldo and Karim Benzema is open to debate . But then again those three were all on the pitch back in February for the 4-0 Atletico win and they never got anywhere near a goal . Tuesday night is a chance for Real Madrid to avenge that defeat , but it ' s also another chance for Simeone to show once again that in the Spanish capital he is the boss .