Winning your flutter in this week 's Grand National all depends on a string of superstitions and rituals , a survey has revealed . And research shows that if your tip is seventh down the list or the jockey 's racing colours are Royal blue , emerald green or red , then you 're more likely to return to the bookies and collect a few bob . The world 's greatest steeplechase takes place on Saturday at Aintree , which will be watched by a worldwide audience of 600 million with an estimated £ 500 million being staked globally by punters . Scroll down for video . Four out of ten Britons betting on the Grand National won last year by Pineau De Re , centre , make their choice purely down to the name of the horse while 70 per cent of women admit relying on pot luck . Jockey Sam Twiston Davies , pictured , admitted that he always salutes a magpie on his way to Aintree . Out of 2,000 Britons who confirmed they would be having a bet , 40 per cent of them admitted their selection would be purely down to the name of the horse because it would have struck a chord . A surprising 60 per cent said their secret superstition was to have the same family members gathered around the TV watching the race every year . Others revealed they sit in the same chair and have exactly the same food and drink during the race every time -- and even wear the same ` lucky ' clothes ! When it comes to the big day , the survey -- by National sponsors Crabbie 's Alcoholic Ginger Beer -- showed that a huge 70 per cent of women simply rely on pure chance opposed to 47-per cent of men who try to study form . But , to the bookies ' glee , less than 20 per cent of those quizzed said their quirky superstitions actually produced a win . Survey boss Al Cross said : ` It seems most people have some sort of good luck charm . My own ritual is to always pick the well turned-out horse . It 's worked for me twice , but I will keep trying . ' And leading jump jockey Sam Twiston-Davies added : ` I only have one race ritual , and that is always to salute a magpie ! ' Saturday 's Grand National will be the final time Tony McCoy , pictured on 2010 winner Do n't Push It , will race .