A British grandmother on death row in Bali for smuggling cocaine has condemned the execution of the Australian Bali Nine duo as ` senseless and brutal ' . Lindsay Sandiford , 58 , from Cheltenham , now fears she will be the next to face the firing squad and said she ` feels like giving up ' and ` just wants to get it over with ' . Australians Andrew Chan , 31 , and Myuran Sukumaran , 33 , were executed along with six other prisoners by an Indonesian firing squad . Scroll down for videos . Lindsay Sandiford , pictured , believes that she will be executed by the end of the year for smuggling drugs . She was sentenced to death after Indonesian police linked her to almost five kilograms of cocaine . One of ambulances carrying the bodies of Australian death-row prisoners Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran arrives at a funeral home in Jakarta , Indonesia . An ambulance carrying the coffin of one of eight executed drug convicts seen as it exits Nusakambangan port . Ambulances with the bodies of the eight men executed by Indonesia overnight , including Australians Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran , were pictured arriving at Cilacap port from the prison island . The grandmother told a friend she was ` utterly heartbroken ' at the news about Chan , who she had befriended in Bali 's squalid Kerobokan prison . The Australian pair were the first to die in the latest round of executions after a final KFC bucket meal . She said : ` The men shot dead were reformed men -- good men who transformed the lives of people around them . Their senseless , brutal deaths leave the world a poorer place.If they kill someone as good as Andrew , what hope is there for me ? ` I just want to get it over with . I feel like just giving up . ' Andrew Chan -LRB- right -RRB- , who befriended Sandiford in prison , and Myuran Sukumaran -LRB- left -RRB- were killed by firing squad . At Cilacap port , anti-death penalty protesters began playing ` Hallelujah ' just prior to news of the deaths . A group of Christians pray and hold a candlelight vigil to protest against the death penalty at Nusakambangan port . Sandiford says Chan -- who was sentenced to death in 2005 for masterminding the so-called Bali Nine heroin smuggling plot -- helped her cope in jail after she was given her death penalty two years ago . She said : ` I really admire Andrew . He 's been an incredible help to me and he would be there for anyone who genuinely needed help inside the prison . ` The heart of the prison has gone since they left . They organised rehabilitation projects . If it was n't for them , we would n't have running water on the blocks , or the classes in painting , cookery and computers . I would like to send my deepest condolences to their families and loved ones . ` Many things have been said about whether Andrew and Myuran deserved to die for their crimes . I did n't know those men at the time they committed those crimes 10 years ago . What I can say is that the Andrew and Myuran I knew were men who did good and touched the lives of a great many people , including myself . ' Chan -- who turned to Christianity and was ordained in prison earlier this year -- told Sandiford shortly before his transfer to Execution Island that he was reconciled to his fate . He said : ` I 'm not afraid to die but I am afraid of dying . I 'm scared of the bullets and I 'm scared it wo n't be a quick death . ' The Australian pair were killed by a firing squad on Bali 's ` death island ' , Nusa Kambangan . Sandiford has been languishing on death row in Bali since being convicted of attempting to smuggle £ 1.6 million of cocaine through the island 's airport in 2012 . She maintains she was forced to transport the drugs to protect her children , whose safety was at stake . The British government refused a request to pay Sandiford 's legal fees for her appeal . The British grandmother said she ` really admired Andrew ' , who was executed by the firing squad . Reformed drug smugglers Andrew Chan -LRB- left -RRB- and Myuran Sukumaran -LRB- right -RRB- were put to death . Earlier ambulances carrying the corpses of Chan and Sukumaran arrived from the ` death island ' where they were shot dead . The families of Chan and Sukumaran released a statement following the executions . ` Today we lost Myuran and Andrew . Our sons , our brothers , ' they said . ` In the ten years since they were arrested , they did all they could to make amends , helping many others . They asked for mercy , but there was none . ` They were immensely grateful for all the support they received . We too , will be forever grateful . ' The others executed were Indonesian Zainal Abidin , Brazilian Rodrigo Gularte , Nigerians Sylvester Obiekwe Nwolise , Raheem Agbaje Salami and Okwudili Oyatanze , and Ghanaian Martin Anderson . A law enforcement official was quoted saying : ` The executions went well , without any disruptions . ' Armed police lined the road at Cilacap port as the ambulances carrying the coffins of the executed men were transported through a crowd . One of the lawyers for the Bali Nine drug traffickers took to Twitter shortly after their deaths were confirmed . He tweeted , ` I failed . I lost ' , which was followed by another message apologising for their deaths . Myuran Sukumaran 's grief-stricken mother , Raji , pleads for her son 's life as her husband Sam looks on . An Indonesian mobile brigade police team , believed to be an execution team , were photographed being taken on a boat to Nusakambangan island . A local television station broadcast a chilling re-enactment of how executions are carried out in Indonesi . In following through with the killings , the Indonesian government ignored agonised pleas for clemency from the prisoners ' families and Australian and international officials . All eight death row prisoners refused to wear blindfolds , choosing instead to face their executioners . Mary Jane Fiesta Veloso - the Filipino drug mule who was the ninth convict sentenced to death - was spared after new information emerged about her case . As news filtered through to the nearby port of Cilacap , supporters prayed and sung ` Amazing Grace ' Bali Nine supporters comfort each other at Cilacap after the harrowing news came through . ` Today we lost Myuran and Andrew . ` Our sons , our brothers . ` In the 10 years since they were arrested , they did all they could to make amends , helping many others . ` They asked for mercy , but there was none . ` They were immensely grateful for all the support they received . ` We too , will be forever grateful . ' The Chan and Sukumaran families were staying together in a hotel in Cilacap when the murders occurred . Some relatives who were on the island reportedly heard the deadly shots ringing out and ` became hysterical ' . A Twitter account purporting to belong to Chan 's brother , Michael , tweeted : ` I have just lost a Courageous brother to a flawed Indonesian legal system . I miss you already RIP my Little Brother . ' One of the pair 's lawyers , Peter Morrissey , told the Nine Network : ` It 's a very sad time . . the two boys are gone . ` They were beautiful blokes . It is really sad . ` We did have a good -LRB- legal -RRB- argument . We still have a good argument . We just do n't have anything to -LRB- argue -RRB- it for . ` We 'll all keep fighting the death penalty for sure but it 's not going to bring the boys back . ' One of the lawyers for the Bali Nine , Todung Mulya Lubis , saw the loss of the young Australian men as a personal failure . ` I failed . I lost , ' he wrote on social media . ` I am sorry ' . Mary Jane Fiesta Veloso -LRB- centre -RRB- survived - spared after her alleged recruiter turned herself in . Mary Jane Veloso 's family appear relieved after arriving at Nusa Kambangan port in Cilacap after their loved one was spared at the 11th hour . As the executions occurred , at nearby Cilacap port anti-death penalty protesters lit white candles and sang ` Hallelujah ' and just outside the gates . Later , a silence fell over the area with only singing voices , music of Amazing Grace and prayers heard for the doomed Bali Nine duo . The Australian government is expected to retaliate for Wednesday 's executions , which Prime Minister Tony Abbott and Foreign Minister Julie Bishop had long lobbied against . Even in the final hours , officials were fighting the death penalty ruling . Indonesia has some of the toughest drug laws in the world . It ended a four-year moratorium on executions in 2013 . The country , which has now carried out 15 such executions in four months , has vowed to kill all of its 58 foreign drug convicts by the end of the year .