Some find them unnerving and even slightly creepy while , to others , they are endearing , mysterious and charming . Whatever your view , one thing 's for certain : when it comes to twins , particularly identical ones , they are an endless source of fascination . Yet , despite all this interest , the rest of us remain baffled , emotionally and scientifically , by the uncanny bonds identical twins share . Having spent a year researching twins for my new novel , I have come to realise that we are only beginning to grasp how strange they truly are and quite why they have compelled us for thousands of years . Ashley -LRB- left -RRB- and Mary-Kate Olsen -LRB- right -RRB- are two of the most famous twins in the world and despite their very similar appearances they are not actually identical twins . Take pre-colonial Brazilians , who thought twins were a product of adultery , resulting in the poor innocent mother often being executed for her supposed infidelity . Some primitive African societies abhorred twins because of the way multiple births resemble an animal 's litter . It was n't uncommon for the unlucky children to be slaughtered and their mother exiled . In Greek mythology , however , twins were believed to be the product of human intercourse with the gods , meaning they were sacred , while ancient Slavs maintained that twins shared one special soul . Not all monozygotic twins -LRB- i.e. twins born from a single fertilised egg -RRB- are truly identical . Some are ` mirror image ' twins . This means that in one twin the hair might swirl clockwise , in the other twin it will swirl anticlockwise -- but it will swirl in exactly the same way . For one twin , the left side of the mouth might curve upwards ; in the other twin , the right side of the mouth has precisely the same curve . This peculiar ` looking-glass effect ' extends to the positioning of internal organs . But many identicals are truly identical in ways we are still uncovering . Obviously , identical twins share facial characteristics and body shape . But they also share virtually identical DNA , meaning they are more closely related to each other than to anyone else , including their parents or their own children . Joel -LRB- left -RRB- and Benji Madden -LRB- right -RRB- are identical twins , it 's likely that they will have grown more alike over time as their identical DNA asserts itself . A daring £ 5 million jewel heist was carried out at a Berlin department store in 2009 . Closed-circuit TV showed one of three masked man removing a glove at the scene , which the police later recovered . The glove provided DNA evidence traced to identical twin brothers . But with no way of pinning it on one brother , both were acquitted . Identicals also share the same blood group , the same hormones , the same serum proteins ; they are alike in heart rate , blood pressure , brain waves , respiratory rate and digestive process . Hospitals in America in the past have advised parents to discreetly tattoo one twin -- with a tiny dot , or mark on a heel -- so that in future the children can be differentiated . Parents often refuse , believing they will be able to distinguish their twins as they age -LRB- not least , by dressing them differently -RRB- . This , however , can be a mistake because twins can grow more identical over time -LRB- as their identical DNA asserts itself , following different levels of nourishment in the womb -RRB- . And twins often end up being dressed in exactly the same clothes anyway , lest one become jealous of the other getting ` better ' treatment . Here , we enter the peculiar world of twin psychology . Over recent decades , scientists such as Thomas Bouchard , of the Minnesota Centre For Twin And Family Research , have analysed the personalities of twins and discovered seriously uncanny facts . Take the classic example of twins separated at birth . The extent to which they can echo each other in later life is breathtaking . One of my favourite cases is the separated twins who discovered , when reunited , that they both entered the sea on beach holidays by wading backwards up to their knees . Probably the most famous case of eerie identicality is that of Jim Lewis and Jim Springer . These identical American twins were separated when four weeks old , and adopted by different families in Ohio . When reunited at the age of 39 , in 1979 , they discovered that both of them suffered from tension headaches , both had worked as sheriff 's deputies and both smoked Salem cigarettes . Hunter -LRB- left -RRB- and Scarlett Johansson -LRB- right -RRB- are fraternal twins and so do not share the same strong characteristics and traits as identical twins do . They also drove exactly the same kind of car and both enjoyed woodworking in the garage . Both had been named James by their respective adoptive parents , and both had married twice -- first to women named Linda , then to women called Betty . Both had produced sons named James Allan . Both had at one time owned dogs named Toy . And they both took their holidays at the very same beach in Florida . Some parents of twins have reported their children having identical dreams . Others recount twins suffering pains , in the same part of the body , when only one of them is hurt . Doctors who observe twins in the womb have watched identicals do a strange kind of matching twin dance : the fetal twins come close to each other , face to face , then one of the twins makes a circle , and the other does the very same . It as if they are , in utero , telepathically aware of each other 's movements . Even in death , twins share an incredible bond . A prime , if rather dark , example is the 72‑year‑old brothers in Finland . In 2002 , they were killed on their bicycles on the same road in Northern Finland in two accidents , two hours apart . When one twin survives the death of another , they likewise possess an oddness which startles . Author Joan Woodward , in her 2009 study of twin bereavement , reported several striking examples of twins ' reactions when one of them dies . Some young twins simply do not believe the death , and continue to act as if the lost twin is alive , talking to the dead sibling at breakfast , in a shared twin language , for instance . John and Edward Grimes , commonly known as ` Jedward ' , are identical twins . Some parents of identical twins have observed them having identical dreams or even suffering pain in the same parts of the body . Other infant twins seem painfully confused as to whether their twin is really gone , because they keep seeing the living image of their dead sibling in the mirror or in a reflecting window ; when they see themselves , they see the sibling . By contrast , a few bereaved twin children deliberately seek out mirrors in order to reassure themselves their dead twin lives on . They want to see the living ghost . Other twins react differently still . Woodward records how some , following the death of a co-twin , take over their lost sibling 's characteristics and behaviour , as if trying to make up for the loss by actually becoming the dead sibling . One twin whose brother died at the age of 12 became so eerily like his dead sibling that his parents were convinced he had the ` spirit of his brother within him ' . Another female twin was so grief-stricken she took her dead sister 's name . These strange reactions surrounding the deaths of identicals can have effects beyond the twins themselves . During my research , I came across one wholly remarkable example of twin confusion , following a death . It happened in California in the Nineties -LRB- though the details and names have been protected by the authorities , for obvious reasons -RRB- . One day , driving off on holiday , the Andersons -- father , mother and their identical twin daughters Samantha and Katie -- had a terrible crash . An ambulance was called and the victims were cut from the car . However , after reaching the hospital , Samantha soon died and Katie was left in a coma . It was a horrific loss , but life had to go on . The family concentrated on helping the hospitalised Samantha get over the death of her twin . A funeral for Katie was held . And yet , as her surviving daughter improved , mum Sally found it strange that Samantha behaved so much like her dead sister . Finally , Sally studied her child 's birthmark very closely -LRB- the twins had similar but not identical birthmarks -RRB- and realised a terrible mistake had been made -- Katie had survived and Samantha had died . This realisation occurred two weeks after the accident . The Andersons had buried the ` wrong ' daughter . It was reading that extraordinary true-life story -- and all these other facts -- that gave me the idea for a thriller . What would happen if the Andersons ' experience was repeated , but the family only discovered their error a year later ? What ghostly consequences might ensue ? Whatever the answer , one thing I know for sure is that twins will continue to fascinate us because they pose so many profound and unsettling questions . S. K. Tremayne 's The Ice Twins is published by HarperCollins .