A best man left guests at his brother 's wedding in tears after composing an emotional song to use as his best man 's speech . Melbourne singer Daniel Buccheri , who composed the tune to the popular music from artists such as Sam Smith and the Backstreet Boys , toasted his brother Adrian and his new wife Sarah at their March 29 wedding in using his voice . The unique speech performed by Daniel at Poet 's Lane in Sherbrooke , east of Melbourne , has been viewed over 100,000 times online and included tributes to his brother and his bride and also delves into his childhood and says he always looked up to his older sibling . Melbourne singer Daniel Buccheri -LRB- pictured -RRB- left guests at his brother 's wedding in tears after composing an emotional song to use as his best man 's speech . Daniel , 25 , started off his speech in a mellow tone on the keyboard , singing of his love for his brother to the tune of Stay With Me , as his sibling began to well up at the top table . ` Guess it 's true what they say that you become a man , when you find the one and you take her hand , ' he sang . ` When you moved out of home , I thought , ` thank the Lord , I wo n't be missing you ' , ' Mr Buccheri sang . Daniel toasted his brother Adrian -LRB- right -RRB- and his new wife Sarah -LRB- left -RRB- at their March 29 wedding in Melbourne using his voice . 25-year-old Daniel started off his speech in a mellow tone on the keyboard , singing of his love for his brother to the tune of Stay With Me , as his sibling began to well up at the top table . He goes on to document the day his brother Adrian met the love of his life and claims he ` thought he was dead ' as he never saw him again . ` Then she found the ignition , got you to sweeping the kitchen , got you feeding the dogs doing the laundry and dishes , ' he sang . ` And although you met on the internet I know this love is true . It 's enough to let the dogs on the expensive rug and not kick them outside . ' The unique speech performed by Daniel at Poet 's Lane in Sherbrooke has been viewed over 100,000 times online . Daniel 's speech documented his brother falling in love with Sarah , saying Adrian would mention her name in every conversation . ` It was Sarah this and Sarah that and I knew that he loved you , ' he sang . He then turned to his new sister-in-law and told her she looks ` so great ' on her wedding day and thanked her for making his brother so happy . ` Hey my new sister thanks for making him so happy all the time , ' he sang . Daniel 's speech documented his brother falling in love with Sarah , saying his brother would mention her name in every conversation . ` One day in the craziness you came along and he could n't get you out of his head . ' Desperately trying to hold back the tears , Adrian could n't hide his emotions as Daniel began singing about their brotherly bond . ` Adrian now you 've become a man , we 're not the kids we used to be , ' Daniel sang . ` Though we 'd scream and fight as children , now I realise what you mean to me . ` I 'm so proud of you and all you 've done for me . ` Whether you realise or not I 've always looked up to you . ' Desperately trying to hold back the tears , Adrian could n't hide his emotions as Daniel began singing about their brotherly bond . Speaking to the Herald Sun Daniel said he did not realise guests would react so strongly to his lyrics and claimed the room just melted away when he was performing . ` I did n't realise that when I wrote it but I think it 's a bit too much of a rollercoaster for some people , ' he said . ` I just wrote it as a speech but as I recorded it to listen back to it I started to realise that it had potential . ' ` It was one of those moments where it was just me , Adrian and Sarah . '