The plot where Lizzie Borden and her family are buried in Fall River , Massachusetts , was vandalized . The final resting place of Lizzie Borden and the father and stepmother she was accused of killing was vandalized over the weekend . The Borden family burial monument at Oak Grove Cemetery in Fall River , Massachusetts was defaced with black and green paint . The vandalism was discovered on Monday , the day after a Lifetime miniseries , The Lizzie Borden Chronicles , premiered on Sunday night . Borden went on trial for brutally murdering her father and stepmother with a hatchet in their Fall River home in 1892 . She was acquitted , but her innocence is questioned even today . The murder and trial inspired the schoolyard rhyme : ` Lizzie Borden took an ax and gave her mother 40 whacks . ` When she saw what she had done , she gave her father 41 ' . The house where the murders occurred is still standing . It is located next to the Bristol Superior Court House , the venue where the murder trial of former New England Patriots player Aaron Hernandez is taking place . Borden went on trial for brutally murdering her father and stepmother with a hatchet in their home in 1892 . The historic Lizzie Borden house , where the killings of her father and stepmother took place , still stands today . The murder and trial surrounding Borden made her a cult figure and led to an appearance on the Simpsons . This is not the first time the plot , which also contains Lizzie 's sister Emma , has been vandalized , the Herald News reported . Cemetery director Tony Eaton said : ` I 'd like to catch the guys who did it . ` I do n't know what the reason is for putting that on a grave stone . ` It just irks me ... not just when it 's Lizzie Borden , but anyone . ' In addition to graffiti , the Borden grave has also been covered with pennies , flowers , notes , amulets , chicken claws , feathers , blood and urine in the past . Borden , who was acquitted of murder , died from complications following gall bladder surgery at the age of 66 . Christina Ricci is playing Borden in a Lifetime miniseries , The Lizzie Borden Chronicles , that began on Sunday . Historian and author Shelley Dziedzic said the start of the show may have led to the graffiti , according to the Boston Globe . Dziedzic said : ` My thinking is it 's probably related to the Lifetime series that debuted . ` Anytime the programs are on television there 's a huge influx in visitors . ' The new show , which stars Christina Ricci , is ` an intense and fictionalized account of actual events and people surrounding Lizzie 's life after her controversial acquittal of the horrific double murder of her father and stepmother in 1892 ' , according to Lifetime , . Ricci 's character is an ` exonerated figure ' who ` lives a life awash in newfound celebrity filled with scandalous love affairs ' . Borden died from complications following gall bladder surgery at the age of 66 .