Sunday 's trip to Loftus Road marks Chelsea 's 700th game under the ownership of Roman Abramovich , a period Jose Mourinho says has been positive not only for the club but for English football as a whole . Some would quibble with the second part of that statement , but Mourinho says that too will change . If the first 699 games under Russian rule has established Chelsea at the top of English and European football , Mourinho believes the next 700 will see them supply more players for the English national team as they implement Abramovich 's demand to follow Financial Fair Play -LRB- FFP -RRB- rules . Sunday 's trip to Loftus Road marks Chelsea 's 700th game under the ownership of Roman Abramovich . Abramovich -LRB- right -RRB- celebrates with Frank Lampard -LRB- centre -RRB- and John Terry after Chelsea clinch their first Premier League title under his ownership in 2005 . The Russian finally got his hands on the Champions League trophy following Chelsea 's success in 2012 . Mourinho also believes Chelsea 's adherence to FFP -- ` compared with other clubs and owners who did n't want to play under the rules ' , he pointed out in a thinly veiled dig at Manchester City -- positions them as standard bearers for the English game . There can certainly be no doubt Chelsea are in a far stronger position than when Abramovich bought the club from Ken Bates for £ 140m on June 1 , 2003 . In the intervening 12 years he has spent in the region of £ 842.9 m on transfer fees , winning three Premier Leagues , four FA Cups , three League Cups , one Europa League and one Champions League , but now , Mourinho says , Abramovich 's rule will benefit England as well as Chelsea . Jose Mourinho , seen here with Abramovich in 2004 , has has been in charge of Chelsea for almost five of the Russian 's 12 seasons at Stamford Bridge . The Blues have won three Premier Leagues , four FA Cups , three League Cups , one Europa League and one Champions League since 2004 . ` He has been good for Chelsea , good for English football , good for European football , ' said Mourinho , who has been in charge for almost five of those 12 seasons . ` Chelsea after him became strong , a top club in the country and a top club in Europe . I think that 's very , very good . I think it 's important and I think it 's also important the message Mr Abramovich and this club are passing now . ` The decision to accept the -LSB- Financial Fair Play -RSB- rules and play under the rules I think is a big decision compared with other clubs and other owners that did n't accept the rules and did n't want to play under the rules . Chelsea are in a far stronger position than when Abramovich bought the club from Ken Bates in 2003 . ` Will the next 700 games under him be good for the English national side ? I believe so . In the first team , we had some important players in the national team . ` John Terry , Ashley Cole , Joe Cole , Frank Lampard , Wayne Bridge , Shaun Wright-Phillips . We had a nucleus of four , five players that were always in the national team . ` Now we are going through a period where it 's just about Gary Cahill . But we have some young boys coming into the first-team . Ruben -LSB- Loftus-Cheek -RSB- is already here . Normally , in a few years they should be there -LSB- in the national side -RSB- . ' Gary Cahill -LRB- above -RRB- is now Chelsea 's only senior England international in the current first team squad . Mourinho believes the likes of Ruben Loftus-Cheek -LRB- left -RRB- and Dominic Solanke will represent Chelsea and England for years to come . Mourinho did not name them , but Dominic Solanke , Patrick Bamford , Lewis Baker and Isaiah Brown are thought to be highly-rated at Chelsea , who supply many of the players in England 's age-group teams . The question is whether their young English players will be given the chance in the first team at a club who can take a huge step towards the title by winning at QPR today . It is a game Chelsea go into mindful of decisive slips in last season 's title race but with the title firmly in their own hands now , Mourinho is confident no mistakes will be made . Chelsea are on the verge of a domestic double after picking up the Capital One Cup in March . Mourinho has won seven major trophies while in charge of the west London club . He added : ` Do n't make me remember the game against Sunderland because that was the game which stopped us fighting for the title . I do n't want to speak again about that game . ` Last season we were depending on others . We needed this team to lose a couple of points here , a couple of points there . This situation is different . ` Now we are in a position where we can be isolated of everything . We do n't have to be watching Man City against Man United . We do n't have to be waiting for what they are going to do . It 's just us . ' Fabio Borini celebrates scoring the winning goal during Sunderland 's 2-1 win against Chelsea last season . Mourinho believes last season 's defeat against Sunderland ` stopped ' Chelsea from fighting for the title .