Five baggage handlers have been sacked by Saudi Arabian Airlines after a video showing passengers ' luggage being carelessly tossed onto a conveyor belt caused outrage online . The 90-second clip was filmed by a witness in an indoor area restricted to workers at King Khalid International Airport in Riyadh . It shows two male employees in blue uniforms recklessly hurling large suitcases onto the belt and against a wall as they unload a truck . For nearly two minutes the men are filmed throwing or flinging several suitcases without care . They appear to be unaware they are being filmed by someone standing on an elevated walkway . It is not clear if the person who filmed the shocking moment on a mobile phone is a colleague . As the video begins it shows one man throwing a large suitcase , which lands on the belt with a heavy thud . Seconds later the men grab either end of a bag and throw it so hard that it hits a green barrier , causing it to shake as the suitcase bounded off of it and lands on the belt . For nearly two minutes the employees of Saudi Arabian Airlines , also known as Saudia , toss suitcases or fling them behind their backs without care or caution , apparently in an attempt to unload the truck as quickly as possible . An object that appears to be fragile -LRB- left -RRB- is thrown ; the workers throw two bags simultaneously -LRB- right -RRB- . Some appear to be quite heavy or wrapped as though they contain fragile objects . It is believed at least one other employees , who is not seen on camera , is inside the truck to move luggage closer to the pair doing the throwing . In a statement posted on its website Saudi Arabia 's General Authority for Civil Aviation -LRB- GACA -RRB- confirmed that two supervisors and three baggage handlers have been sacked after the video surfaced online . It expressed regret over the incident and said it will not tolerate such behaviour . The men throw the bags with such force that they land with a heavy thud or hit a green barrier against the wall . Titled ` Saudi Airlines baggage handlers hard at work ' , the video was uploaded to LiveLeak , where it has nearly 100,000 views . The person who uploaded the clip wrote : ` Looks like they are trying very hard to break things . And not such a fun job . ' Rough handling of baggage is a fear shared by many passengers , and dozens of LiveLeak users wrote that they were upset or not surprised at all . One user wrote : ` They do n't appear to be trying to break anything . They appear not to care if anything breaks or not . I doubt any other airline is much different . Do n't pack crystal when you travel . ' Another added : ` Airlines might as well just use a dump truck to load and unload luggage . It 's quicker and your luggage would be treated a little better . '