They all look heart-breakingly gorgeous and the perfect pets -- but this menagerie of cute animals are all unwanted and some have endured horrendous cruelty . But now , thanks to Amanda Holden , the RSPCA and , just possibly , you , many of these long-suffering animals could be given happy new homes . The Britain 's Got Talent judge is presenting a new series on ITV which will highlight the plight of the animals arriving at the RSPCA 's Newbrook Farm Animal Centre in Birmingham . Animal lover : Amanda Holden will host the new show on ITV highlighting plight of RSPCA centre in Birmingham . On Give A Pet A Home , Amanda and her co-stars -- including Loose Women 's Coleen Nolan , Olympic gold medallist Denise Lewis and former Pussycat Dolls singer Kimberly Wyatt -- will appeal to members of the public to take in the animals featured . Speaking to The Mail on Sunday , Amanda said : ` As Brits , we are the land of the underdog and the land of pets . I think we really appreciate the loyalty and love animals give back . ` It 's only a small minority of people who mistreat animals , whereas the majority will watch the show and think they can give something back by giving a pet a home . Perry , the black and white cat , is six , like curling up in a lap and being groomed but dislikes too much noise . Darcy , the female degu , likes playing with jingly balls and chewy toys but does n't like being on her own . Homeless : Rocky , a greyhound , one , has only been at the centre for a month . He can be a little shy but likes living with other dogs . It 's not just cats and dogs -- it 's horses , ferrets , rabbits , guinea pigs , birds , anything , really and you 'll see how the RSPCA operates from the ground up . ` I hope that every week we 'll find lots of homes for otherwise unwanted animals . ' Amanda has a Yorkshire terrier/Jack Russell cross called Rudie , and a Siberian fluffball cat , Muffy , and admits she loves her pets and gives them the full run of the house . She said : ` When I 'm on the loo , I have the children , the cat and the dog in with me chatting away . ' Given the boot : Fern is a two-year-old black gerbil who likes lots of handling , playing with toys and her tunnels . She has been at the centre since last July . Her aim for the show is to inspire families to share her love of furry animals and to adopt one as a pet . Viewers interested in adopting a pet can apply on the ITV.com website after each show . Applications will be sifted and those offering the best matches will be vetted by the RSPCA . Successful applicants will be featured on the following week 's show . She said : ` Although there will be some tear-jerking stories along the way , we 're also going to have a lot of fun watching the celebrities get stuck in . We want to unite as many pets as we can with new owners . ' Amanda has two daughters Lexi , nine , and Hollie , three , with record producer husband Chris Hughes , and has shared her love of animals with her family . ` The only downside of doing this job is that it 's going to be very hard for me not to take the animals home , ' she says . Loving : Petal is a ginger and white dwarf lop rabbit , aged one , that would be happy living in a house but is quite wriggly to handle . Buster , right , is a brindle and white Staffordshire bull terrier , eight , who loves his lower back tickling but is not so keen on other dogs . Companions : Ailsa and Anna are two female gerbils who need to be kept together . They are very sociable , good with children and enjoy being handled . The presenters have been trained as RSPCA volunteers and will take part in chores and witness emergency calls and rescues . The six-week ITV series begins on Wednesday , April 15 at 8 pm .