The remaining family members allegedly caught trying to sneak into Syria with the son of a Labour councillor have been arrested after being brought back to the UK from Turkey . Two women aged 47 and 22 , and two men aged 24 and 22 , were held at Manchester Airport in the early hours of this morning . They were among eight relatives stopped at the Turkish border with Syria on April 1 with university student Waheed Ahmed , the 21-year-old son of Labour councillor Shakil Ahmed . Arrested : Waheed Ahmed , the 21-year-old son of a Labour councillor , has been held at Birmingham Airport after returning for allegedly trying to sneak into Syria with eight members of his family -LRB- pictured in Turkey -RRB- . Held : The group arrested is understood to include Waheed 's aunt , two of his male cousins , his cousin 's wife and their children . Legal action : The four children on the trip aged one , three , eight and 11 , have also been flown back to the UK . The group is understood to include Waheed 's aunt , two of his male cousins , his cousin 's wife and two of their children . The four children on the trip aged one , three , eight and 11 , have also been flown back to the UK . Pictures emerged yesterday of Waheed Ahmed smirking on his way to the airport just hours before he was arrested by anti-terrorism police upon landing back in Britain . After being escorted off a Monarch Airlines flight which landed at 12.14 am yesterday , Ahmed was held on suspicion of the commission , preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism . Labour councillor Shakil Ahmed arriving back at his home yesterday but he refused to comment on his son 's arrest . Late on Monday , a 30-year-old man from Rochdale -- where Ahmed and the other eight detatined in Turkey all live -- was arrested on suspicion of the same offence . One man who was on Ahmed 's flight said : ` We landed and taxied to the terminal and then there was an announcement . ` It said someone needed special assistance and we had to remain in our seats . ` Then a plain-clothed policeman got on the plane and escorted someone off . ` There were other police officers on the tarmac and they got into a car and drove off . It all happened very quickly . Other travellers said they saw a police van and car leaving the airport by a side exit shortly after the plane landed . Ahmed was filmed smiling through the window of a coach a fortnight ago after being detained by Turkish security forces near the Syrian border . Yesterday he again appeared relaxed as he was transported to Dalaman airport . His father Shakil Ahmed , a bakery delivery driver , is a councillor in Rochdale . Karen Danczuk , wife of Rochdale MP Simon Danczuk , also represented the ward until her resignation in January . Earlier this month , Mr Ahmed told the Daily Mail he believed his son had been on holiday with other relatives when they were stopped . The territory on the Syrian side of the stretch of border that they were attempting to cross is controlled by the Nusra Front , the Syrian branch of Al Qaeda . Greater Manchester Police and the North West Counter Terrorism Unit began an investigation after news of the arrests emerged . Five houses , including that of Ahmed 's father , have been searched as part of attempts to establish why the group apparently tried to enter Syria . Greater Manchester Police confirmed a 21-year-old man was arrested at Birmingham Airport early yesterday under the Terrorism Act . ` A few hours earlier on Monday April 13 , a 30-year-old man was arrested for the same offence in the Rochdale area . ` Officers are working to ensure the safe return of eight other people to the UK . ' On the way home : The 21-year-old , sporting a shaved head , was filmed being escorted from a vehicle . Convoy : Ahmed was seen being moved by Turkish police on Sunday and then put on a Monarch-operated Flight from Dalaman which landed at Birmingham Airport at 12.14 am today . The force has previously stated that all nine of those held in Turkey would be sent back to the UK ` in due course ' . Assistant Chief Constable Ian Wiggett has said that the primary concern was the ` safety and welfare ' of the children , and efforts were being made to ensure a ` full safeguarding strategy ' was in place upon their return . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .