Despite being fierce rivals , Apple and Samsung have a somewhat symbiotic relationship when it comes to manufacturing their handsets . Now it has been reported that the Korean tech giant will be the main supplier of the A9 chips in Apple 's upcoming iPhone range . Although this is n't the first time Samsung has manufactured parts for iPhones , it signals that the frosty partnership between the two may be thawing . Samsung will reportedly be the main supplier of the A9 chips in Apple 's upcoming iPhone range . Samsung has previously supplied Apple with various iPhone parts , but following legal disputes , Apple shifted away from its rival and signed a monopoly deal with Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing -LRB- TSMC -RRB- in 2013 . Apple relies heavily on other firms to produce the various components it uses in its iPhones and iPads . And for years , Samsung was a dominant member of this group . It produced the flash and working memory in the iPhone 4 , for example , and was a substantial Apple chip partner until 2013 . However , following legal disputes , Apple shifted away from Samsung and signed a deal with Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing -LRB- TSMC -RRB- to produce the A7 seen in the iPhone 5S . Samsung has announced better-than-expected profits for the first quarter of 2015 . A rising demand for memory chips is said to be helping offset a slump in the firm 's smartphone sales . During a call on Tuesday , the electronics giant estimated an operating profit of 5.9 trillion won -LRB- $ 5.4 billion / £ 3.6 million -RRB- between January and March . This beat analyst expectations and was up 11.5 per cent from the previous quarter . But this forecast was down 30.5 per cent from a year ago . It did n't cut Samsung off completely , though , and around 40 per cent of chips in the iPhone 6 are still made by the Korean giant or partners . But by handing the monopoly to TSMC , it directly affected Samsung 's business . Reports of the A9 deal first appeared last year when a ` source familiar with the deal ' told The Korea Times : ` Apple has designated Samsung as the primary supplier of its next chips powering iOS devices from 2016 . ' The deal is said to be worth ` billions of dollars . ' From next year , this report continued Samsung will supply 80 per cent of Apple 's supply of application processors , with TSMC supplying the remaining 20 per cent . Samsung then confirmed it was planning to mass produce its latest chips later this year . The Korean firm recently partnered with New York-based semiconductor experts GlobalFoundries . It was said to be this deal that appealed to Apple because it will help Samsung meet the demand for Apple 's chips globally , and lets GlobalFoundries use Samsung 's latest technology patents . As part of this deal , Bloomberg said Samsung will start making the A9 at its Giheung plant in South Korea , with additional orders going to Globalfoundries . Reports of the A9 deal first appeared last year when a ` source familiar with the deal ' told The Korea Times that Apple had designated Samsung as the primary supplier of its next iOS chip in 2016 . Samsung will supply 80 % of Apple 's supply of application processors , with TSMC supplying the remaining 20 % . Earlier today , Samsung announced better-than-expected profits for the first quarter of 2015 thanks to a rising demand for memory chips . But profits are predicted to be 30.5 % down compared to this time last year . This follows news Samsung is facing a ` bendgate ' controversy after a video showed its S6 bending and shattering . Earlier today Samsung announced better-than-expected profits for the first quarter of 2015 . A rising demand for memory chips is said to be helping offset a slump in the firm 's smartphone sales , but profits are predicted to be 30.5 per cent down compared to this time last year . This follows news Samsung is facing a ` bendgate ' controversy , after famously mocking Apple when it emerged its iPhone 6 Plus could bend out of shape in people 's pockets . A video from warranty firm SquareTrade shows the Galaxy S6 Edge bending under similar pressure as the iPhone 6 . But , more importantly , the screen on the S6 Edge shattered during this test , while Apple 's did n't . This led to Samsung releasing its own video , demonstrating a three-point bend test on both its Galaxy S6 models . ` We are confident that all our smartphones are not bendable under daily usage , ' the company said in a statement . SquareTrade found that the Galaxy S6 Edge bends and shatters under 110 lbs -LRB- 50 kg -RRB- of pressure . It also tested the HTC One M9 both deformed and broke at 120 lbs -LRB- 54 kg -RRB- . Samsung added that the test done by SquareTrade ` does not show the strength of the back side ' and it has now asked SquareTrade to do the test again on both the front and back sides of the device . Apple had to go to similar lengths during its own ` Bendgate ' crisis , by allowing reporters into its labs to showcase iPhone 6 Plus durability tests . The teardown shows , from the front , the screen , logic board holder , battery , logic board with processor , camera , rear case and antenna . It is a fascinating view of exactly what goes into a modern smartphone - and how Samsung does business . The Chipworks site has posted this amazing image revealing the internals of the firm 's Galaxy S6 , which goes on sale on April 10th . The internals reveal Samsung used more of its own chips to power the new Galaxy S6 smartphone than it did for the predecessor S5 , according to an early teardown report , in a blow to U.S. chip supplier Qualcomm . Samsung is not only using its own Exynos mobile processor , as had been widely reported , but also decided to rely on its in-house semiconductor business to source other parts , including the modem and power management integrated circuit chips , Ottawa-based consultancy Chipworks said . Samsung is counting on its new flagship Galaxy S6 and S6 edge phones to help revive earnings momentum after a disappointing 2014 . Strong sales of system chips such as its Exynos processor could also help boost earnings , analysts and investors say . The Galaxy S6 also comes with Samsung 's Shannon modem chip , U.S. phone carrierAT & T said on its website .