Celebrities have eaten kangaroo testicles in the jungle and injured themselves while jumping off ski slopes . But B-list stars will be breathing a sigh of relief after a Spanish TV station announced it would be shelving plans to make them face their worst ordeal yet - being chased by rampaging bulls . State broadcaster RTVE has axed plans for a reality show which would have seen celebrities pitted against each other to outrun fighting bulls in Pamplona . Scroll down for video . Fifteen people have died since records began in 1924 and dozens are injured each year in the annual event . The corporation caved in after the town 's authorities said they would refuse to cooperate with their proposed programme . The bull running takes part during the annual San Fermin Fiesta , and the mayor said he feared the broadcasters would turn the world famous festival into something out of Big Brother . Enrique Maya told local media outlets : ` I am completely opposed to such a programme , and if it goes ahead it will be with zero co-operation from the City Hall . ' He said that city hall had been working to try and give the traditional encierro event more ` artistic and cultural value ' . The town 's mayor said he feared the reality TV show would turn bull running into Big Brother . He added : ` Turning San Fermin into something like Big Brother would be terrible . ' Fifteen people have died since records began in 1924 and dozens are injured each year in the annual event , known as the encierro . In 2014 two people were severely injured after being gored by a frightened bull . Held since 1591 , the fiesta attracts tens of thousands of foreign visitors each year for nine days of revelry , morning bull-runs and afternoon bullfights . Ernest Hemingway propelled the San Fermin fiesta to worldwide fame after writing it about it in his 1926 novel The Sun Also Rises . Held since 1591 , the fiesta attracts tens of thousands of foreign visitors each year for nine days of revelry , morning bull-runs and afternoon bullfights . Alexander Fiske-Harrison , co-author and editor of ` Fiesta : How to survive the Bulls of Pamplona ' dismissed the plans as ` laughable ' . He told The Local , ` Imagine trying to film a B-list celebrity running with the bulls in all the madness of the fiesta . It 's laughable . '