Aside from making a fighter jet lightweight , agile and astonishingly fast , engineers of one the world 's most advanced aircraft have another , more surprising issue to contend with : the moon . BAE System 's Typhoon is so accurate that even the movements of the tide can disrupt the jet fighter 's positioning and accuracy . To counteract even the slightest shifts in gravitational pull , experts must build the jet on ` floating ' concrete rafts that move in sync with the moon . The Typhoon -LRB- pictured -RRB- is powered by two Eurojet EJ200 engines . It is 49ft -LRB- 15 metres -RRB- long from tip to tip and the material is ` no more than the thickness of a match stick . ' This helps its ` fly by wire ' computer system to accurately control the aircraft , designed to be unstable but hugely agile . These rafts measure 59ft -LRB- 18 metres -RRB- long and 9.8 ft -LRB- 3 metres -RRB- thick and are used to house the measuring equipment . Two laser trackers and nine jacks are positioned on a single surface , to make sure all movement is relative , and they control the alignment of the barges by cancelling out the subtle effects of the moon and the tides it creates . This means the jet will be in ` near perfect alignment whatever the moon may be doing , ' said Martin Topping , Head of Typhoon Maintenance and Upgrade . ` Every time the moon pulls the tide in and out , the ground under our feet actually moves by between one and two millimetres , he continued . The Typhoon is powered by two Eurojet EJ200 engines . It is 49ft -LRB- 15 metres -RRB- long from tip to tip and the material is ` no more than the thickness of a match stick . ' This helps its ` fly by wire ' computer system to accurately control the aircraft , designed to be unstable but hugely agile , and this build accuracy can save enough fuel to fill up an average family car , or around 60 litres . The Typhoon can take off in less than 8 seconds , achieve supersonic speeds in under 30 seconds and reach altitudes of 36,000 feet Mach 1.6 in under two and a half minutes . It is able to pull up to 9G , which creates a pressure equivalent to 30 African elephants . To counteract even the slightest shifts in gravitational pull , engineers build the jet on ` floating ' concrete rafts . These rafts measure 59ft -LRB- 18 metres -RRB- long and 9.8 ft -LRB- 3 metres -RRB- thick and are used to house the measuring equipment . Two laser trackers and nine jacks are positioned on a single surface , to make sure all movement is relative , and they control the alignment of the barges by cancelling out the subtle effects of the moon and tide . ` That might not sound a lot , but given the tolerances we are working to on Typhoon , two millimetres is two millimetres too much . ' Lancashire-based BAE Systems paid £ 2.5 million -LRB- $ 3.7 million -RRB- for this setup and said the ` result is one of the most perfectly aligned fast jet airframes in the world . ' The Typhoon itself is 49ft -LRB- 15 metres -RRB- long from tip to tip and the material is ` no more than the thickness of a match stick . ' This helps its ` fly by wire ' computer system to accurately control the aircraft , designed to be unstable but hugely agile , and this build accuracy can save enough fuel to fill up an average family car , or 60 litres . Elsewhere , the Typhoon can take off in less than 8 seconds , achieve supersonic speeds in under 30 seconds and reach altitudes of 36,000 feet Mach 1.6 in under two and a half minutes . It takes light from the Sun eight minutes to reach Earth and the firm said the Typhoon can travel from London to Paris in the same time . And it can fly from Lands End to John ` O Groats - a total of 603 miles -LRB- 970 km -RRB- - in under 30 mins . It is able to pull up to 9G , which creates a pressure on the wings equivalent to 30 African elephants . And pilots fly with the Typhoon Striker helmet . Facing directly into the sun , or even when it 's dark , their location as well as potential threats are shown on this helmet 's visor , and pilots can see thermal images through the use of Night Vision Goggles . To counteract even the slightest shifts in gravitational pull , engineers build the jet on ` floating ' concrete rafts -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Two laser trackers and nine jacks are positioned on a single surface , to make sure all movement is relative , and they control the alignment of the barges by cancelling out subtle effects of the moon and tide . This means the jet -LRB- pictured -RRB- will be in ` near perfect alignment whatever the moon may be doing , ' said Martin Topping , Head of Typhoon Maintenance and Upgrade . Pilots fly with the Typhoon Striker helmet wired to the plane to let pilots lock onto targets with ` just a look ' and a voice command . It also lets pilots ` see ' enemy aircraft through the body of the plane . A radar in the nose detects enemy aircraft and projects its image to the pilot 's visor . The helmet is wired to the plane to let pilots lock onto targets with ` just a look ' and a voice command . It also lets pilots ` see ' enemy aircraft through the body of the plane . For example , a radar in the nose of the Typhoon detects enemy aircraft hidden from the pilot 's view . As the pilot looks towards the position of the enemy aircraft , its image is projected on the visor . They can then lock-on to the aircraft by voice command , which means the enemy is also tracked by the aircraft 's weapons systems . Sensors on the helmet ` talk ' to the fixed sensors on the aircraft so the Typhoon always knows exactly where the pilot is looking . Weapons sensors on the Typhoon track enemy aircraft and missile information and feed it back to the plane , which is directly wired to the helmet . . Lancashire-based BAE Systems paid £ 2.5 million -LRB- $ 3.7 million -RRB- for this setup -LRB- pictured -RRB- and said the ` result is one of the most perfectly aligned fast jet airframes in the world ' Sensors on the helmet -LRB- pictured -RRB- ` talk ' to the fixed sensors on the aircraft so the Typhoon always knows exactly where the pilot is looking . Weapons sensors on the Typhoon track enemy aircraft and missile information and feed it back to the plane . Inside the cockpit , BAE Systems has designed lighting that is clear and legible at all times . The company 's Ambient Light Facility in Warton is specifically designed to replicate the full range of lighting conditions of each journey . This specialised facility has been used by firms that make displays for bank ATM machines as part of a group called Sunshine Club . The cockpit is made of glass and includes a wide-angle Head Up Display -LRB- HUD -RRB- , full-colour Multifunctional Head Down Displays -LRB- MHDDs -RRB- and Helmet Mounted Symbology System -LRB- HMSS -RRB- . The cockpit is made of glass and includes a wide-angle Head Up Display -LRB- HUD -RRB- , full-colour Multifunctional Head Down Displays -LRB- MHDDs -RRB- and Helmet Mounted Symbology System -LRB- HMSS -RRB- . These displays and computer systems provide pilots -LRB- pictured -RRB- with information from sensors and flight instruments . Inside the cockpit , BAE Systems has designed lighting that is clear and legible at all times . The company 's Ambient Light Facility in Warton -LRB- Chris Gerrard , lighting test engineer is pictured -RRB- is specifically designed to replicate the full range of lighting conditions of each journey . These displays and computer systems provide the pilot with information from sensors , flight instruments and aircraft mission computers . A parachute is inside the ejector seat on the aircraft . And to reduce pilot workload , the Typhoon has a Voice Throttle and Stick -LRB- VTAS -RRB- system which means the pilot can keep his hand on the throttle and operate the majority of the aircraft 's controls from this position . Additional commands can be given through voice activation . It is worn as part of the Typhoon jet fighter pilot 's suit . In this suit there is a single connection to ` feed the pilot ' with air , oxygen and radio connection and the suit 's trousers inflate to counteract the loss of blood from the head to the feet when the aircraft hits G force . This image reveals the various components of a Typhoon jet fighter test pilot 's suit . A parachute is inside the ejector seat on the aircraft . There is a single connection to ` feed the pilot ' with air , oxygen and radio connection . The suit 's trousers inflate to counteract the loss of blood from the head to the feet .