A young fisherman in Thailand reeled in the catch of the day after hooking a fish with a plastic toy fishing rod -- but was the achievement just a hoax ? Captured standing on the bank of what appears to be a lake , the youngster -- with a big grin on his face -- holds onto a tiny blue and yellow fishing rod . Approaching the water , the young boy reels rapidly , but at this point it is n't clear whether or not he has hooked anything . The youngster stands on the bank of what appears to be a lake and holds a tiny blue and yellow fishing rod . He then crouches down by the side of the water and moves his rod from side to side -- tension on the end of it is now visible . Fighting against what may well be a weed , the young boy continues to reel and before long a fish breaks the surface of the water . As it splashes about , the youngster puts his hand into the lake and plucks it out . He then lays it on the floor before confidently putting his finger in its mouth , removing the hook and proudly lifting it up to the camera . The young Thai boy crouches down by the side of the water and moves his rod from side to side while reeling . Discussing the video with MailOnline , Nathan Wardle of Mega Fishing Thailand , said that the fish was most likely a Nile Tilapia , although it is hard to see exactly from the clip . He added : ` They are found in almost every river , lake or pond right through the whole of Thailand and were introduced back in 1967 as a gift from Japan to the Thai King . ` Many people farm them in small numbers in their ponds for food . The fry can be bought for about 8p each . ` They are very popular stocked in fishing parks where they will cook your catch and small ones are used as bait for the big monster fish we have here . The fish breaks the surface of the water and the boy bravely puts his hand into the lake to catch it . The boy plucks the fish from the water , lays it on the floor and confidently puts his finger in its mouth to remove the hook . ` They are also great table fish , served up in most restaurants . They have really tasty meat that can be fried , poached , roasted or barbecued and usually come with some kind of spicy Thai dipping sauce . ` The fish eat pretty much anything so are fairly easy to catch with worms , bread , shrimps or squid and the like . ' Since it was uploaded , the video has been viewed over a million times and many people have commented to congratulate the youngster . However , there is a suggestion that the fish may have been hooked to the line before the start of the video . The youngster proudly holds his catch , which appears to be a Nile Tilapia , up to the camera .