With her contoured skin , glossy hair and high fashion wardrobe , Kim is undeniably the breakout star of the Kardashians . But while Kim has been busy hogging the headlines , her younger sister Khloe has been quietly revamping her look . Khloe , 30 , has been showcasing blonder locks , a flawless face and honed physique in recent weeks - and she 's looking better than ever , so what 's her secret ? Scroll down for video . Khloe Kardashian is looking better than ever - and it 's all thanks to an intense gym regime , hair colour overhaul and very particular beauty regime . For starters , Khloe has famously shed an impressive amount of weight and is no stranger to flaunting her new curves in glamorous ensembles . She recently revealed she 's lost 13 pounds in three months thanks to her grueling exercise regime . Khloe has been showing off her workouts - and her impressive strength - in a series of recent Instagram posts . The 30-year-old reality star displayed her pert posterior while weight lifting close to 100 pounds in the snap she captioned : ` Squat ! Squat !! Squat !!! ' Khloe , pictured , left , in 2007 , and , right , this week , is now showcasing a flawless face and luscious blonde locks , even giving sister Kim a run for her money in the glamour stakes . Khloe showcased her squat skills by holding up a barbell , which had 25 pound bright yellow weights on each side of the 45 pound bar . Khloe shared with E! News the secret to her toned down figure when she attended a Kardashian Beauty Hair Care promo appearance in West Hills , California . The ex-wife of Lamar Odom donned a body hugging black jumpsuit for the event showing off her weight loss results . ` I try to work out like five days a week , its a lot but I feel great when I do it , ' she admitted to E! correspondent Maria Menounos . ` We 're focusing on different body parts we 're making me more lean rather than big and bulky , ' she said . ` Gunnar -LSB- her trainer -RSB- switches up your workout every single day its something different but all the circuit training is cardio circuit training everything you 're doing , you 're still running up your heart rate so you 're burning triple the amount of calories than you would if you were just weight lifting . ' As well as shedding an impressive amount of weight , Khloe , pictured , left , in 2008 , and , right , this week , has overhauled her wardrobe and now embraces figure hugging jeans and cleavage-baring blouses . Khloe , pictured , left , at the 2013 Kardashian Kollection cocktail party in Sydney , Australia , and , right , last week , has lost 13 pounds in three months thanks to her grueling exercise regime . Celine Spring 2011 pony skin lined sandals . SOLD OUT but check out similar suggestions below . Visit site . Khloe showcases the Kardashian hair product line perfectly with a stark monochrome outfit and a pop of red on her feet at the Ulta launch . People instantly focus on her golden tresses and we certainly were staring at her flaming hot Celine pony hair lined barely there heels . While these might have blended into a red carpet , this was the perfect time to wear these scarlet sandals so that we could all see the Celine . Pheobe Philo , the head designer of Celine , knows what a woman wants and has created must have accessories since her appointment . These shoes were sold out that spring 2011 . However , you wo n't be left in the dust for many other designers have jumped on to the strap and chain motif . We love the Alexander McQueen pair with its skull charm but the one at 6 pm is such a steal at 18.99 ! Alexander McQueen Pelle S. Cuoio sandal in flame at Zappos . Visit site . Michael Antonio patent Jasari sandals at 6 pm . Visit site . ASOS HARD BEATS Heeled Sandals . Visit site . Betsey Johnson Sarah sandal . Visit site . Adding : ` And on the weekend I have a gym in my community I try to do just cardio . You just turn on some junk TV and you do n't realize what you 're doing , and I love that . ' While Khloe revs up her exercise routines , she is also taking her diet seriously . ` I used to not watch what I ate . I would just kind of eat whatever . I was realizing , `` I work out all the time . Why ca n't I drop this weight ? '' It 's really food , ' she explained . ` So I started dieting a little . I do n't eat dairy anymore -- or I try not to , because I 'm addicted to cheese ! ` I lost like 13 lbs . since January from just cutting out diary , ' she proudly shared . Last month , Khloe posted a picture of her when she shot to fame and contrasted it to a recent one . She wrote : ` Looking back at pictures of myself I did n't realize at the time how unhealthy my lifestyle actually was . ` People love to call me the fat one but as weird as it sounds I still do n't think I would consider myself fat back then . Definitely overweight and unhealthy , yes . About two years ago I decided to turn to fitness as a form of therapy and as a stress reliever . ` I started slow and eventually I started working out 4 to 5 days a week . We all have to start somewhere and doing something is better than nothing at all . Working out is a huge part of my life now . I genuinely enjoy sweating out my frustrations and living a healthier life . My workouts are not all about vanity . They are about clarity for my mind and soul . ' Khlpo has also had a copy-Kim makeover and looks more flawless and contoured than ever before thanks to the family 's make-up artist , Rob Scheppy . Khloe , pictured with her famous sisters , Kourtney , left , and Kim , right , has aired her views on plastic surgery . In 2013 , she told Cosmopolitan magazine that she had never had cosmetic surgery but did not rule it out for the future . To complement her exercise regime , Khloe has revealed her top beauty tip for tight , glowing skin : a pregnancy cream for your décolletage . The 30-year-old reality star admitted to Into The Gloss that she uses Mama Mio 's Pregnancy Boob Tube cream every day because it 's all natural and helps to keep skin firm . ` It 's got avocado oil and shea butter so when your boobs are growing you do n't get stretch marks , ' she said . ` I like it though , because it tightens your neck , too . ' Khloe , the younger sister of Kim and Kourtney , said she has been using it everyday for a year . Created by pregnancy skincare experts Mama Mio , the cream aims to soothe and strengthen the décolletage and bust . Labeled a ` secret weapon for moms-to-be , ' it is formulated with green cabbage leaf and blueberry extracts to ease swelling and tenderness , plus omega-rich shea butter that hydrates , heals and firms . Khloe also confessed to using Mama Mio 's Shrink to Fit Cellulite Smoother after her sister Kourtney introduced her to the brand when she was breast-feeding . ` Their names are really cute , ' she explained . She has also had a copy-Kim makeover and looks more flawless and contoured than ever before thanks to the family 's make-up artist , Rob Scheppy . Khloe , left , in Vegas in 2008 and , right , at a haircare launch last week , recently admitted to Into The Gloss that she uses Mama Mio 's Pregnancy Boob Tube cream every day because it 's all natural and helps to keep skin firm . When it comes to doing her own make-up , she says she is ` pretty good at it , ' and has an extensive list of products she uses to achieve that famous flawless finish . She uses Chanel Vitalumière Aqua foundation in 60 Beige to prep her skin , the Urban Decay Naked Illuminated Powder , Charlotte Tilbury Colour Chameleon in Bronzed Garnet on her lips and says she ` always ' has an Anastasia Beverly Hills Perfect Brow Pencil with her . To keep her spots and wrinkles at bay , she washes her face with two products : Kiehl 's Blue Herbal Gel Cleanser and an all-natural one from her dermatologist , Dr. Christie Kidd . Like the rest of the family , Khloe has aired her views on plastic surgery . In 2013 , she told Cosmopolitan magazine that she had never had cosmetic surgery but did not rule it out for the future . ` I 'm proud for losing weight when I wanted to and I 've never resorted to surgery , ' she said . ` I 'm not against it - one day I probably will but it would be on my terms . I wo n't be bullied into it by social media or anyone else . ' Khloe 's Armenia holiday wardrobe is proof of how much her style has evolved . Khloe , seen with Kim , has been dressing to impress , showing off her gym-honed figure in an array tight green dresses , some with thigh-high splits . Khloe also recounted a shocking tale to Cosmopolitan magazine where she was once overheard her mother Kris Jenner suggest she change her appearance . ` Words are the most powerful weapon ; they can leave scars forever , ' she said . ` She did n't mean harm , but when I was around nine I overheard my mom telling her friend I needed a nose job . I was shocked ; I had n't even thought about it . ` I 've grown into my face but I 've had makeup artists tell me , `` You should get a nose job . '' I 'm so happy that I never have . ' The youngest sister has also been taking some style tips from Kim . Khloe has ditched her once-favoured maxi dresses for figure-hugging jeans , bottom-enhancing pencil skirts and cleavage-baring blouses . Her Armenia holiday wardrobe is case in point . Khloe has been dressing to impress , showing off her gym-honed figure in an array tight green dresses , some with thigh-high splits . Sorry Kim , it seems it 's all about Keeping Up With Khloe .