A couple have transformed a 600-year-old castle they bought for £ 65,000 into a luxurious home worth £ 700,000 . Janet and John Brennan have spent eight years and hundreds of thousands of pounds turning Barholm Castle , in Dumfries and Galloway , from a ruin into a stylish castle home . They bought the 15th Century fort , reputed to have been used by leader of the Scottish Protestant Reformation John Knox as a hiding place , for just £ 65,000 . Barnholm Castle in Dumfries and Galloway , which has gone on the market for £ 695,000 after being transformed from old ruins . John and Janet Brennan -LRB- right -RRB- bought Barnholm Castle -LRB- left -RRB- for just £ 65,000 in 1997 and have spent hundreds of thousands of pounds renovating it . But now it is on the market for offers over £ 695,000 even though at that price the couple will lose a six-figure sum . However , despite that , Janet , 60 , and John , 64 , insist the project was a ` labour of love ' and they have ` no regrets ' . The Brennans first stumbled upon the castle near Gatehouse of Fleet - once home to a branch of the powerful McCulloch clan - in 1997 when it was just a shell of crumbling stone walls . It took two years to complete the purchase , four years to get planning permission and three years of restoration . The castle 's large living area , pictured , was formerly the great hall in the fortress , which is thought to have once housed Scottish minister John Knox . Barnholm Castle 's great vault is now the luxury home 's kitchen , which is big enough for a dining table and all modern appliances . One of the four bedrooms in the £ 700,000 property . The Brennan 's bought the fortress in 1997 and spent four years getting planning permission and two years carrying out the renovation . Even though the property is on the market for £ 695,000 , the couple have spent hundreds of thousands restoring the castle meaning they will actually incur a loss . The grade A-listed building was lovingly transformed into a stunning home while staying true to its historical roots . Mrs Brennan , the chairwoman of the Scottish Castles Association , admitted : ` The restoration cost more than the asking price but it was a labour of love - we were not doing it for profit . ` We 've no regrets . Other people take up golf and they buy boats . We bought a castle . ' The retired university lecturer added : ` It was a massive project . The exterior of the castle during its restoration . Mrs Brennan said they wanted to make a stunning home while keeping the property true to its historical roots . It took two years to fully restore the castle after planning permission was granted . It also has stunning sea views over Wigtown Bay . A decorator paints the ceiling during the castle 's restoration . Mrs Brennan says the newly refurbished property would be a fabulous holiday home . ` We were driving and saw a sign on the road saying castle for sale . ` When we drove up the narrow , winding track and saw it we fell in love with it . It was love at first sight . ` We were always interested in castles and visited them over the years . But it was a spur of the moment decision . ` We saved it . It was described as being in a precarious condition . ' The castle now has rooms over four floors as well as stunning sea views over Wigtown Bay . The ground floor vaulted chamber has been converted into a kitchen while the great hall has been transformed into a large living space . Four bedrooms are found on the upper floors , including one said to have been used to shelter John Knox . The crumbling ruins of Barholm Castle in Dumfries and Galloway , when it was bought by Mr and Mrs Brennan for £ 65,000 in 1997 . Mrs Brennan outside the castle shortly after buying it . She described the restoration project as a labour of love . Meanwhile a staircase in the turret leads to upper cap house chamber , with a door to the roof parapet . Mrs Brennan , who has written a book on the subject of restoring castle , added : ` It 's an enjoyable experience living in the house . ` It 's not that we 're selling because we want to leave it - we want to be closer to family . ` I think it would make a fabulous holiday home for someone with deep pockets . ` Or a home for a retired couple who want to live somewhere really special . ' John Knox was a Scottish clergyman , who was the leader of the Protestant Reformation in Scotland and often considered the founder of the Presbyterian denomination . He was a Catholic deacon and priest but first joined the movement to reform the Scottish church in the early 1500s . He then went on to teach a number of sons of Protestants who had been captured in St Andrews Castle and called on Knox to become their minister . It was at this time that he is believed to have used Barholm as a place of refuge . In 1547 he was captured by the French , who attacked St Andrews Castle and was kept as a prisoner for over a year . On his release , he travelled to London , where he continued to attack the Roman Catholic faith but left the UK again in 1553 when Mary I became Queen . When he returned to Scotland , he realised how much the teaching of the Reformers was spreading . He then became one of the most well-known preachers in Scotland , with the Scottish Reformation taking place n 1560 . Knox is credited with helping to write the Scots Confession of Faith , one of the first formal documents of the Church of Scotland .