Stephanie Scott , 26 , was last seen at a Woolworths supermarket at Leeton on Easter Sunday afternoon . Pictured at her hen 's party , the teacher was due to marry her partner of five years on Saturday . Police have launched a state-wide search for a high school teacher who disappeared just days before she was due to wed her partner of five years . Stephanie Scott , 26 , was last seen at a Woolworths supermarket at Leeton , 550 km west of Sydney , on Easter Sunday afternoon , her fiancé Aaron Leeson-Woolley told Fairfax . ` Police hold concerns for Ms Scott 's welfare as her disappearance is reported to be out of character , ' a statement from police said . Desperate family and friends have flooded social media with dozens of messages about their search for the Leeton High School drama and English teacher , who was excited about her wedding day on Saturday . ` I spoke to her on Saturday night , about 10.30 pm . I was in Canowindra , back at mum and dad 's place , and she was in Leeton , ' a distressed Mr Leeson-Woolley told the Sydney Morning Herald . ` Everything seemed pretty fine . ' ` One of her friends rang her on Easter Sunday and she was saying how she was excited and could n't wait . That 's the last time -LSB- anyone heard from her -RSB- . ' Before going to the supermarket , Ms Scott is understood to have been seen at her workplace at about 11 am , where her fiancé said she was organising some last second things before their honeymoon . Police have asked anyone who might know of her whereabouts or have any information to come forward , adding that Ms Scott could be travelling in a red Mazda 3 sedan with registration BZ-19-CD . She was last seen at a Woolworths supermarket at Leeton -LRB- pictured -RRB- 550 km west of Sydney , on Easter Sunday . Mr Leeson-Woolley told the ABC that officers planned to investigate CCTV footage from Woolworths and look into his partner 's phone records and bank statements . Ms Scott 's last social media post shows her dressed in a veil and a bright pink ` bride to be ' sash , on which she commented ` So excited , not long now xxx ' . Police have asked anyone who might know of her whereabouts or have any information to come forward , adding that Ms Scott could be travelling in a red Mazda 3 sedan with registration BZ-19-CD . Before going to the supermarket , Ms Scott is understood to have been seen at her workplace , Leeton High School -LRB- pictured -RRB- at about 11 am , where her fiancé said she was organising some last second things before their honeymoon .