Boy , would Tiger like to find a fairway here , ' said former professional David Feherty . ` Preferably one attached to this hole . ' It was that sort of day . Tiger Woods had worked so hard on his short game , the other quality needed to take a safe passage through these parts had been forgotten . He chipped like a champion ; he drove like a boy racer . Somewhere in the ether , golf 's gods pointed and mocked . So Tiger 's short game is killing him ? Opposite . There has been so much yip yap these last few weeks it was forgotten that Woods was becoming more erratic off the tee , long before his chipping went west . From the first , when he drifted into a bunker on the right , to the final par five , when he fired one into the crowd , castigating himself as a ` dumbass ' -- although a shout of ` fore ' might have been more helpful -- Woods took the long road around Augusta . The galleries were packed as crowd favourite Tiger Woods struggled on his first round at Augusta . Woods reacts to a poor chip shot on the third hole as the pressure begins to tell . Woods feels the heat at Augusta with the world No 111 struggling to get under par during the opening round . That he recorded a relatively respectable score -- some significant distance off the lead , but certainly in the ball park of what would have been considered a reasonable number given that this was his first competitive golf for two months -- was testament to his cussedness as much as his talent . Tiger dug deep and his play around the greens saved him . It was remarkable , really , considering his crisis of confidence . On the sixth , a par three , Woods missed the green again . He looked more than irritated , he looked worn down , fed up with a sport he once held on a string . He no doubt remembers how it used to be , too . How he must miss that old Tiger . He walked to the ball , perched at the top of a small incline to the right of the green . And he putted it . Rolled it down the slope , got it near enough . Settled . But , even so , it was a tell . The best poker players do n't have tells and Tiger likes Las Vegas as much as any high roller . But he saw his hand and , on that occasion , he blinked . It was still a Tiger gallery , of course . Still the biggest , still primed to applaud even the tiniest glimmer of his genius . But they would have recognised this as Tiger bluffing . Rewind through a decade and he would have conjured something small and miraculous with a short iron , made the ball pitch and spit and stop almost at his command . He would have shown the mastery of a charmer with a mesmerised snake . Putting from off the green ? That was for the old guys and the also-rans , those without the bravery or the genius to make the ball obey . So Tiger got it close and made the solid up and down . Sure , they 're part of the game and every pro relies on them , even the all-time greats . But he was coming to need them , more and more . He wo n't be entirely comfortable with that . He could n't putt at the 11th , when he again missed right and left himself a rascal of a chip . If Tiger 's short game was as bad as it had looked last time , the ball could easily have taken a bath . Instead , he recovered , just like old times . Then put it in the water at the 12th instead . Golf 's gods thumbed their noses and pulled faces behind his back . ` I made two dumb mistakes , ' said Woods . ` That apart , it was a good day . The short game was my strength , it was the reason I worked my butt off -- to make it my strength again . ' Even so , dramatic saves were n't all the old Tiger was about . There was a shot on the seventh that would have been a contender for play of the day . That is why they continue to hurry when he has played , no matter the needs of his patient partners . Tiger hits and off they go to see Tiger hit again . But Tiger is hitting more and more . Not the 82 times he hit at the Waste Management Phoenix Open in January perhaps , but more times than he would have hit in such benign conditions at Augusta in the old days , when he would n't have been so pleased to tie for 41st place after 18 holes . Still , the seventh . Boy it was a beauty . He was behind a tree , left of the fairway , barely in sight of the green . He took a giant hit , dug it out but with such power and ferocity . The crowd lost the flight , the cameraman too , but Woods did n't . He skipped and peered around the forestry to see the ball drop out of the sky , onto the green to a Sunday afternoon reception . Momentarily it was 1997 all over again . And then it was 2015 again and he left his 25 footer short . Par . Woods was not impressed with his approach shot to the 10th , but he managed to salvage par on the hole . Woods ' beau Lindsey Vonn was in attendance as her other half mopped his sopping brow with a towel . Woods , Jimmy Walker and Jamie Donaldson walk to the 6th green during an absorbing day 's play . Increasingly , his gallery writes cheques the man in the arena can not cash . They were 14 rows deep just to watch him walk the ten strides from putting green to first tee . Eight on one side , six on the other , five marshals , wrestling with rope , and several baseball-hatted G4 security men . A local sheriff marched past , perspiring through his regulation white shirt . Even for Augusta in April it was unseasonably warm : 89 , according to the Weather Channel . It was approaching 1.48 pm Eastern Time . Tiger o'clock . The 14 rows fidgeted expectantly . Tiger breezed through , to applause , cheers and the odd whoop ; the love of the common people . He nodded in appreciation once , mouthed a noiseless thank you , smiled a tight anti-smile . And then he was gone . Swallowed up as the ropes dropped and the crowd fell in behind him . Will he , wo n't he ? Could he , could n't he ? They had seen the man , but would they ever see The Man ? He was coming here with a new game , and a new mindset , but was this a new Tiger ? Woods lines up his putt on the par three sixth as the 15-time major winner had a solid start to the day . Woods shows his fury at a chip from a bunker on the fourth , but he managed to steady the ship . Woods patrols the Augusta fairways on a largely frustrating round for the former world No 1 . No . Not a new Tiger like the old Tiger anyway . Too much , too soon . He was better than the Tiger that departed Torrey Pines in February , with fears for his long-term future . Better for all that graft , that sun up to sun down perseverance . But he was still the 111th ranked golfer in the world . A bit rusty , a bit erratic , a bit brilliant , a bit fallible . There were fine moments , but they were fleeting . He got better through the round , but he would have eaten this place alive in the good old days . And that is Tiger 's problem . It 's a bit like Al Pacino in Carlito 's Way . Every time he tries to get out , they pull him back in . The creaks , the chunks , the odd crisis of confidence that just was n't there before . He starts to get going , he works his ass off , but it is hard . He three-putted the first , birdied the second . Hit a tree off the tee on the third , but got a lucky kick onto the fairway . Found a bunker , then missed the green on the par three fourth , played a quite stunning second from a poor fairway lie on the fifth . It was the golf of a competitor still battling against the years , and the aches of a creaking back and -- whisper it -- maybe yips that could resurface at any time . He wo n't go quietly , the competitor remains , but he is vulnerable now . If it is is n't one thing , it 's the other . Woods wills his second shot from the 14th on with the galleries gripped on the unfolding soap opera . Woods looks anxiously as his tee shot from the 15th sails into the still Georgia skies on a perfect day for golf . Woods finished the day at one over as he looks forlornly at a shot on the eighth .