A war hero pilot who survived almost 70 skirmishes with the Luftwaffe has died after being knocked down by a hit-and-run driver near his home . Doug Gregory , 92 , had popped out for his daily newspaper when he was struck by a car outside a petrol station . The ex-Spitfire pilot suffered a serious head injury and was flown to hospital by air ambulance , but died two weeks later . A hero : Doug Gregory . 92 , only retired from his job as a stunt pilot two years ago . He was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross after surviving almost 70 missions over Nazi-occupied Europe . Fighter pilot : The 92-year-old had survived 70 missions against the Luftwaffe during the Second World War . He flew Beaufighters and Mosquitoes before testing aircraft , including models of Spitfires and Hurricanes . Mr Gregory began flying during the Second World War and was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross for his gallantry in 69 combat missions over Nazi-occupied Europe . Having volunteered for the Royal Air Force as early as he could , straight after his 18th birthday in 1941 , Mr Gregory flew Beaufighters and Mosquitoes . He also tested a wide range of aircraft , including Spitfires and Hurricanes . A veteran of D-Day , the RAF 's Battle of Berlin bombing campaign and night sorties all over Europe , he recalled years later : ` I was n't shot down but I was shot at . Luckily they missed -- most of the time . ' Mr Gregory also survived a brain haemorrhage in 1947 . He only retired from his role as a stunt pilot at the age of 90 . Mr Gregory was performing loop-the-loops throughout his 80s -- earning the nickname The Flying Zimmer -- as a founder member of the Great War Display Team , a band of pilots determined to preserve the spirit and skills of Britain 's First World War dogfighter heroes . Knocked down : The war hero was making his daily trip to the shops and had just purchased a newspaper when he was struck . Officers are still investigating the collision but say no-one has been arrested or charged . Hit-and-run : Police at the scene where Mr Gregory was knocked down by a car . Officers say a female motorist driving a silver-coloured Nissan involved in the collision came forward and was interviewed under caution . The accident happened on March 30 just after he had bought a paper at his local newsagent 's in Blackfield , Hampshire . His wife and son accompanied him to Southampton General Hospital , where he died on Sunday . Police said a woman who was driving a silver-coloured Nissan involved in the accident later came forward and was interviewed under caution . A police spokesman said officers were still investigating the accident . He added that no one had been arrested or charged in connection with the collision . Last night tributes poured in . Military historian Paul Beaver tweeted : ` Deep regret at passing of Doug Gregory , night intruder veteran & honorary member of Army Flying Association . Our thoughts with Liz & family . ' Another fan tweeted : ` RIP Doug Gregory DFC a great former Mosquito and display pilot . Blue skies , Sir . Very sad news . ' Mr Gregory 's love of flying continued after the war . He built a 1917-style bi-plane and joined the Great War Display Team , eventually becoming Britain 's oldest stunt pilot until he decided to give up his role in 2013 . Teacher : After leaving the RAF in 1946 Mr Gregory -LRB- left -RRB- became an art teacher at two Hampshire schools . Police said no-one had been arrested or charged in connection with the collision in Blackfield -LRB- right -RRB- . When he gave up his role as a stunt pilot in 2013 Mr Gregory insisted he would still continue to fly planes . Mr Gregory left the RAF in 1946 and spent the rest of his working life teaching art in a Hampshire comprehensive . But on his retirement , aged 60 , he wanted to do something more than garden and play golf , so he used his £ 5,000 savings to spend four years building himself the 1917-style SE5A biplane that he flew in airshows . He joined the Great War Display Team , saying : ` Flying has been my favourite thing all my life , especially aerobatics . I do n't do any other kind of sport . Flying is quite enough to keep me going . ' Determined to teach younger generations of the bravery of the First World War pilots , he said in 2007 : ` I am afraid that the public 's grasp of history today is pathetic . ` If we can help people understand a bit more about what happened in the Great War , then it has to be worthwhile . ' In 2010 , Mr Gregory and some of his fellow pilots took part in a mock dogfight over the New Forest to celebrate the centenary of the former Royal Fying Corps airfield at East Boldre . He finally quit flying in 2013 , saying of his beloved biplane : ` I will miss it terribly , but it is difficult to get in and out of and very hard to start . '