A playground in Tokyo has been found to have dangerously high levels of radiation , which has raised fears for the health of children in the area . Soil underneath a slide at the park in the Toshima ward in the north-east of the Japanese capital , showed radiation readings of up to 480 microsieverts per hour . This is nearly half the recommended annual limit of exposure for a person . Danger : Japanese authorities detected an unusually high level of radiation around playground equipment in this Tokyo park -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Safety : Authorities cordoned off the park after high levels of radiation were detected underneath a slide . It was not immediately clear why radiation levels were so high in the park , which opened two years after the 2011 Fukushima disaster . Authorities believe that the radiation could be coming from something buried underneath the park . The playground has now been fenced off with an orange barricade . Park representative Kyoko Tsujimura said : ` We are still checking what caused these elevated radiation levels and what type of radioactive substance it is . ' The city has set up a health advice office to answer queries from concerned parents . According to the International Commission on Radiological Protection recommendations , members of the public should not be exposed to more than 1000 microsieverts per year . Japan has seen heightened concern over radiation since the 2011 failure of a nuclear plant in Fukushima following an earthquake and tsunami , which led to leaks of radioactive water . In the months after the nuclear meltdowns , concerned parents and citizens began measuring radiation levels in Tokyo schools and parks . Thousands of people are still living in temporary shelters and have been unable to return home in areas closest to Tokyo Electric Power 's nuclear plant . Elsewhere , a drone with a small amount of radiation was found on Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe 's office building this week . Clean up : Workers carry away a container after extremely high levels of radiation were detected in the park . Tests : Following two rounds of testing , officials found high levels of radiation on a section of the equipment .