Young professional footballers can be an easy target with some of their behaviour but on Thursday afternoon it was refreshing to sit down and talk with Danny Welbeck . He struck me as a thoroughly decent young man who lives his life the right way . He is a credit to his family and his easy-going manner means he must a dream to work with . We discussed life at Arsenal , scoring against Manchester United and his FA Cup dreams . You can watch the full interview on Football Focus on BBC One today at 12.10 pm and Reading 's semi-final with Arsenal live on BBC One from 5.05 pm . Danny Welbeck talks to Sportsmail 's Martin Keown ahead of Arsenal 's FA Cup semi-final against Reading . MARTIN KEOWN : You 've played at Wembley many times and you 've played in a semi-final as well but you 're now one step away from an FA Cup final . Does that bring extra nerves ? DANNY WELBECK : Not really . I think we 've basically just got to play the game , not the occasion . The team was in this position last year and coming up against Wigan proved to be one of the toughest games of the season . Against Reading today is going to be another tough game . We 've just got to approach it the right way and we want to get through to the final . Welbeck expects a tough test as Arsenal face a Championship side at Wembley for the second year in a row . KEOWN : How are you settling in ? You seem to have been here all your life almost and you 've only been here seven or eight months . WELBECK : The staff at the club , at the training ground and everyone has been very welcoming . The fans have been brilliant . My team-mates are class and I 'm just really enjoying my time here . I 've settled in very well . It 's a transitional year for me , getting to know new players , new team-mates , new systems and new ways of going about things at a different club . I think I 've put in a few good performances . I 've been unlucky on the club front with goals and that 's something I know will come in abundance when I get to know everything spot on with the club and I 'm pretty sure that will happen . The Arsenal striker thinks he has been unlucky in front of goal , but wants to play in a more central role . KEOWN : You talk about goals , you 're playing in a wide position . What 's your favourite position ? WELBECK : It 's no secret I prefer to play down the middle . But the formation we play at Arsenal , you 're playing on the left or the right . We 're always interchanging , playing in a three-man attack . It 's much easier doing that than playing left midfield or left wing in a four-man midfield . KEOWN : Wenger has worked with lots of strikers over the years and been able to develop them . What 's the area that he 's working on most with you most of all ? WELBECK : We talk about the game , we analyse performances and on the training pitch we 've also got the other staff here so after training we do a bit of individual work so that happens every day . You are always looking at ways to improve as a player , to develop and I feel like I am developing well as a player . Welbeck , who says he has been made to feel very welcome at Arsenal , holds of Nacho Monreal in training . KEOWN : Is it your movement he works on ? Is it holding up the ball ? Finishing ? Or is it a combination ? WELBECK : It 's a combination of everything . You do n't just work on one thing . Every single day all the lads after training go out and do finishing . KEOWN : Does that become competitive ? To see who can score the most goals ? WELBECK : Yeah it does ! It gets competitive but it 's obviously all fun . But at the end of the day nobody wants to come last . We work on a lot of areas of our game . Like his team-mate Theo Walcott , Welbeck is often forced out wide , despite preferring being a central striker . KEOWN : In the last round you put out Manchester United . How did it feel to score at Old Trafford ? WELBECK : It was a weird occasion for me going to back to Old Trafford on the away side . The weirdest thing was warming up on the other side of the pitch . It just felt a bit weird . But you have to treat it like it 's any other game and play the game , not the occasion . Obviously I was going back to a club that brought me up and going back to the fans that supported me for years , playing against old team-mates , my old friends , it was a weird occasion . But I scored the goal , a big goal to get us through to the semi-final . So it was a spur of the moment to celebrate . The English international scored the winning goal on his return to Old Trafford in the quarter finals last month . KEOWN : Did it cross your mind not to celebrate ? WELBECK : Leading up to the game I had no plans whatsoever . I just wanted to play the game , get it over and done with and get through to Wembley and get to the semi-final . That 's what happened . I scored the goal and whatever I did I would have been criticised -- criticised if I celebrated or criticised if I did n't . It was just spur of the moment . KEOWN : Against Manchester United you seemed extra motivated . Was it anything to do with Louis Van Gaal 's comments before the match ? WELBECK : I did n't see the comments . Going into every game I want to be motivated . Playing against Manchester United -- I did it earlier in the season at the Emirates -- and then it was a bit different this time going back to Old Trafford . There was motivation there but I 'm motivated in every game . I want to do well for my team , try and win the game and in that case get through to the semi-final . Listen , everyone is entitled to their own opinions , some you like , some you do n't like but that 's just football and it 's life . You deal with it . Welbeck celebrates in front of his old fans , a decision he says was entirely spur of the moment . KEOWN : I think you showed a lot of mental strength going into that situation . It 's always difficult going back . WELBECK : You 've got to be strong mentally living the life and being a professional footballer . There 's a lot of people out to get you and whatever you do , everyone 's watching . You 've just got to be switched on 100 per cent of the time . That 's just the way I 've been brought up . My parents are lovely , caring people and they look after me well , they brought me up well and it 's the same with me and my brothers that 's credit to them . The striker has quickly become a favourite at the Emirates , and he thanked the fans for their support . KEOWN : This weekend it 's Reading . Have you looked much at their team ? WELBECK : You get to watch a few games throughout the season . I know they 've got players with Premier League experience . I 've seen them a couple of games this season being a bit direct . -LSB- Pavel -RSB- Pogrebnyak 's a player they look for quite often from the back and the wingers will be coming inside to get the ball and flick-ons . Hal Robson-Kanu plays a bit more inside and -LSB- Gareth -RSB- McCleary is a bit more out and out on the right wing . Welbeck has been working hard in training to try and improve his finishing , along with his team-mates . KEOWN : Good knowledge ... WELBECK : Yeah I know quite a lot about football ! KEOWN : As a centre forward or a winger , do you look for the weaknesses in the opposition ? WELBECK : You 've got to analyse the positives and negatives in every single team . You look at that and obviously see where you can nullify their attack and see where their weaknesses are at the back . The Gunners forward picked out Pavel Pogrebnyak as one of Reading 's most dangerous players . KEOWN : How much would it mean to you to get to the FA Cup final ? WELBECK : It would mean a lot . I 've been in this position before with Man United when we played Everton in the semi-finals a few years back and we lost on penalties . I remember the situation , I remember how I felt that day and that 's something I do n't want to feel again . I just want to get to the next stage , get to the final . This is a very important game so we 're all looking forward to it , we 're going to approach it like it 's any other and play the game not the occasion .