Meter Maids have a long history synonymous with the sandy beaches of Queensland 's most sought-after holiday destination , but time may have run out for the Surfers Paradise bikini-clad icons . The 50-year tradition has split the Gold Coast community , with business leaders calling for the end of an era , The Sunday Mail reported . Started in 1965 , Meter Maids were the brainchild of Gold Coast developer Bernie Elsey who introduced the initiative to stave off the bad publicity associated with newly installed parking meters . Scroll down for video . Local business owners have labelled Surfers Paradise Meter Maids as outdated and were no longer providing a service . The controversial move involved young women dressed in gold bikinis walking the main tourist strip and placing money into expired meters , according to the Surfers Paradise Meter Maids website . But local business owners say the group is no longer performing a public service as advancements in parking meter technology mean expiry times are not always displayed . They believe Meter Maids are violating the council 's anti-touting laws by spruiking branded merchandise , which Gold Coast Chamber of Commerce president Peter Yared says makes the group a business now . ` I think it 's time they moved on , ' he told News Corp. . Started in 1965 , Meter Maids were the brainchild of Gold Coast developer Bernie Elsey who introduced the initiative to stave off the bad publicity associated with the newly installed parking meters . Business leaders say it was time for them to move as they had became irrelevant now because parking meters were electronic . Gold Coast Chamber of Commerce 's Peter Yared said the group were now a business . ` They no longer perform any service for the community ... They do n't do anything in the area except fleece tourists . ' Mr Yared said Meter Maids were no longer relevant as parking meters were now electronic and they had not kept up with the changing times . ` We 're trying to clean up the reputation of Surfers Paradise and a lot of the maids are foreign backpackers rather than local girls . It 's not a good look , ' he said . But Surfers Paradise Meter Maids general manager Michael Yarwood told Daily Mail Australia the chamber of commerce was taking ` a terribly ill-informed position ' . ` The tourists love and embrace the Meter Maids because they are quintessentially part of their Gold Coast and Surfers Paradise experience , ' Mr Yarwood said . ` The great tragedy at Surfers Paradise is reflected in its concrete virility and the fact that the locals are staying away in droves . But Surfers Paradise Meter Maids general manager Michael Yarwood told Daily Mail Australia said the chamber of commerce was taking ` a terribly ill-informed position ' Mr Yarwood said the Meter Maids were ` quinessentially ' part of the Gold Coast and Surfers Paradise scene . He said they brought good memories for many people who had an idyllic beachside holiday at the destination . ` Until such time we are proud of this jewel in our tourism crown , we will continue to struggle to re-establish ourselves as the premier holiday destination in Australia . ' Mr Yarwood said Meter Maids were the ` under-utilised resource ' to help revamp the region . ` Meter Maids invoke in most people that wonderful memory of that beachside holiday in Surfers Paradise , ' he said . ` We 're calling for our future actually lies in past . ` I 'm Gold Coast born and bred ... and I am ashamed to take clients in to Surfers Paradise because it is unsafe and unclean . ` We -LSB- The Meter Maids -RSB- are the only bit of sunshine . That is not only my opinion but the opinion of hundreds of people I interact with every month . '