A woman who threatened to jump to her death off a New York City bridge was saved by a group of hero cops who spent more than two hours talking the woman out of jumping . The unidentified woman from Greenpoint , Brooklyn , was apparently distraught over her troubled marriage . She walked to the Kosciuszko Bridge from the Brooklyn side shortly before noon on Monday , climbed over a railing and stood on a section of metal piping barely wide enough to fit her feet . Scroll down for video . A woman walked on to New York City 's Kosciuszko Bridge from the Brooklyn side on Monday just before noon , climbed over the railing and stood on a section of metal piping 125 feet above Newtown Creek . Police arrived on scene at about 11.50 am and spent more than two hours talking to the woman and trying to calm her down . At about 2 pm the woman agreed to be rescued and New York Police Department officers pulled her to safety over the railing . After she was pulled to safety by police officers , the woman was taken by ambulance to Elmhurst Hospital for observation . Emergency services were called to the scene at about 11.50 am and two lanes of the Brooklyn-bound side of Kaosciusko Bridge as officers tried to keep the woman calm . Two NYPD patrol boats cruised 125 feet below the bridge on Newtown Creek , which connects Greenpoint to Maspeth , Queens , according to the New York Post . A witness said the woman is a 44-year-old Polish mother-of-one who was going through a tough divorce with her husband . ` I 'm just glad -LSB- authorities -RSB- were able to talk her down , ' said the witness , who did not want to be identified . ` She 's just going through a difficult time and needs help . ' A witness said the woman on the bridge was a 44-year-old mother-of-one from Poland . She reportedly was from Greenpoint , Brooklyn . She agreed to be rescued after police officers spoke to her about her daughter , and was lifted off the bridge ` so she could be with her ' , a police source said . A witness said she is going through a divorce with her husband and is having ` a difficult time and needs help ' By about 2 pm , the woman agreed to be rescued and police officers were able to grab the woman by the arms and pull her to safety on the bridge , where she was then taken to Elmhurst Hospital by ambulance for observation . A police source said that she was talked into climbing to safety ` so she could be with her daughter ' , according to the New York Daily News . ` She was having marriage problems , ' the source said . ` One of the ways -LRB- the cops -RRB- connected with her was to talk to her about her daughter . ' The Kosciuszko Bridge was built in 1939 and is part of the Brooklyn-Queens Expressway . It 's named after Tadeusz Kosciuszko , an 18th-Century Polish war hero and American Revolution U.S. general . As police talked the woman into being rescued , to NYPD patrol boats cruised the Newtown Creek below the Kosciuszko Bridge .