Terence Crawford landed a stunning right that Thomas Dulorme never really saw . Soon after that , Crawford was a two-time WBO champion , winning the latest title in his first fight since moving up in class . Crawford won the vacant WBO junior welterweight title with a sixth-round technical knockout Saturday night , knocking down Dulorme three times in quick fashion after that big blow . Terence Crawford -LRB- right -RRB- defeated Thomas Dulmorme in the sixth round with a technical knock out . ` I knew I hurt him , I felt it , ' Crawford said . ` I knew he was hurt real bad . I wanted to just jump on him . ... He was woozy . ' With Dulorme stunned , Crawford hit him again and knocked him down for the first time . Then Crawford delivered a flurry of punches , leading to another knockdown . When Dulorme got back up , Crawford unloaded again - and the fight was stopped as Dulorme staggered against the ropes near his corner . ` Basically a shot that I did n't see , and the shot got me , ' Dulorme said through an interpreter . Crawford remained undefeated , winning as a heavy favorite in his first fight moving in the 140-pound class . He won the WBO lightweight title 13 months ago and defended in the 135-pound division twice in his hometown of Omaha , Nebraska . The scheduled 12-round fight in North Texas came a week before Crawford , now 26-0 with 18 knockouts , is scheduled to be in New York to accept his 2014 fighter of the year award from the Boxing Writers Association of America . The fighter celebrates after winning the vacant WBO world junior welterweight title . After the fight ended , promoter Bob Arum shouted ` That 's why he 's the fighter of the year ! ' Dulorme , the 27-year-old Puerto Rican , is 22-2 . He had won his last six bouts since moving down in class after being knocked out by Luis Carlos Abregu at 147 pounds in a welterweight fight in October 2012 . ` It was a great opportunity for us , ' Dulorme said . ` It was n't the best night . We were winning in the cards , it 's something that basically happened . ... We did the fight that we came here to do . ' Crawford seemed measured in his approach the first two rounds against the quick-starting Dulorme , who entered the ring wearing a gladiator helmet and breastplate . Dulorme was clearly the aggressor early against Crawford , who went with a red Nebraska Cornhuskers cap for his entry . Crawford dominated the fight throughout and Dulmorne could n't handle his speed and punching power . But in round 3 , there was a quick exchange of punches , and later a hard body blow by Crawford . There were times in the fourth and fifth rounds when Crawford either smiled or shook his head after taking blows from Dulorme . Crawford taunted him , and at the end of the fourth had him back into a corner and delivered two big rights . Crawford was also smiling at the end of the fifth round , then came out in the sixth and ended the fight . ` Just having fun with it , ' he said . ` When I 'm having fun , I do n't think nobody can beat me because that means I 'm in my rhythm . ' Crawford knocks down the Puerto Rican following a combination of punches in the sixth round . Crawford 's trainer , Brian McIntyre , said the first couple of rounds were just a matter of Crawford getting his timing down . McIntyre said they knew the punching Dulorme would wear out , though he lasted longer than they expected . Arum this week called Crawford a new superstar on the horizon , and said this fight a ` very , very crucial first step ' for Crawford to join the truly elite group of fighters . Arum was at the bout halfway between Dallas and Fort Worth that came only two weeks before the long-awaited fight in Las Vegas between another of his boxers , Manny Pacquiao , and Floyd Mayweather Jr. . Dulmore was unable to recover from his knockdown and the referee stopped the fight . In an earlier eight-round lightweight matchup of previously unbeaten fighters , Ismail Muwendo from Minneapolis improved to 17-0 with a majority decision over Rolando Chinea from Lancaster , Pennsylvania . One judge had the fight as a draw , while the others had it in favor of Muwendo . Chinea dropped to 10-1-1 . Benjamin ` The Blaxican ' Whitaker from San Antonio improved to 9-1 as a pro with a unanimous decision over Skender Halili , a boxer from nearby Fort Worth whose had won each of his previous eight professional fights by knockout . Michigan 's Anthony Barnes won a unanimous decision over Fort Worth 's Martinez Porter in a six-round super middleweight bout .