Nick Clegg tonight vowed to block the Tories imposing deep welfare cuts as the price of any future Coalition deal . The Deputy Prime Minister said he would not allow the Lib Dems to prop David Cameron up in power if he insisted on pushing ahead with his plan to slash £ 12billion from the benefits bill . In an interview on the BBC , Mr Clegg also suggested he would veto a new deal unless the Tories agreed new taxes on the rich . But the Deputy Prime Minister defended his record in government with Mr Cameron . Asked if he was proud of his record in power , Mr Clegg said : ` Hell yes . ' Scroll down for video . The Deputy Prime Minister said he would not allow the Lib Dems to prop up David Cameron in power if he insisted on pushing ahead with his plan to slash £ 12billion from the benefits bill . The Lib Dem leader , meanwhile , accused the Tories of ` lashing out ' at Labour because they knew they could not win the election . Mr Clegg 's remarks come after the Defence Secretary Michael Fallon launched an extraordinary attack on Ed Miliband last week . Mr Fallon said the Labour leader had stabbed his brother in the back to win the leadership and was now ` willing to stab the United Kingdom in the back to become prime minister ' by giving up the Trident missile system to secure the support of the SNP . Mr Clegg 's insistence that he will not go into Coalition with the Tories if they insist on such deep welfare cuts increases the possibility that the Lib Dems could strike a deal with Labour after the election . However , the Deputy Prime Minister said he would also veto a deal with Mr Miliband if Labour did not set out in more detail how they would slash the deficit . He said : ` I would n't accept £ 12billion of welfare cuts . In exactly the same way that I could never countenance recommending to the Liberal Democrats entering into a coalition with the Labour Party that is n't serious about balancing the books rather than the specious stuff they 've come up with today . ` Equally I would not recommend to the Lib Dems that we go into coalition with the Conservatives if they insist on a plan which is a marked departure from what we 've done in this coalition . ` They 're asking for £ 12billion over two years . We 've made £ 20billion over five . They want to ask the poorest to make additional sacrifices whilst not asking the richest to pay an additional penny through the tax system to balance the books . ' In an interview on the BBC tonight , Mr Clegg said the price of another Coalition would be new taxes on the rich and a scaling back of the Prime Minister 's planned welfare cuts . Asked by host Evan Davis if he felt ` betrayed ' by the Prime Minister at any stage since 2010 , he pointed to the AV referendum . He said : ` It was shoddy it was unnecessary I did n't think they needed to win the argument by being quite so personal . I wish the referendum had been fought on its merits . ` What I have learnt about the Conservatives -- and you can see it in this election campaign -- when they think they 're about to lose their grip on something that they like , usually power , they can lash out , they 're doing it in this election campaign because they realise they 're not going to win it . ' But Mr Clegg said the Coalition had been ` worth ' all the pain . He said : ` Yes , of course it has and any Liberal Democrat will tell you that ... we took the decision as a democratic party . And we decided that notwithstanding the impact on our short term political popularity it was the right thing for the country . ` And a time when people are so cynical about politics , and so fed up with politicians is n't it a good thing that a party , a plucky brave party put country before party and I have an old fashioned belief that if you do the right thing , that there are plenty of fair minded folk out there who will recognise that ... was every decision a decision I would relish ? ` Of course not . But is the country better now than it was when we found it on an economic precipice in 2010 , you bet . '