Lord Tebbit has hit out at David Cameron for not being a ` real man ' with ` real depth of experience ' . The former Tory party chairman said that unlike major figures such as Sir Winston Churchill , Clement Attlee or Aneurin Bevan , Mr Cameron had never had a ` proper job ' . Instead , he said the Prime Minister had done nothing except be a special adviser and working in PR for Carlton Television . Lord Tebbit , pictured , launched an astonishing attack on David Cameron claiming the PM has never had a proper job before entering politics unlike Winston Churchill , Clement Attlee or even Aneurin Bevan . Lord Tebbit , a former airline pilot , also criticised Mr Cameron 's tactics in playing up the threat of a Labour-SNP government , and even suggested Tory voters north of the border vote tactically for Labour . He told the BBC 's Newsnight : ` I just can not read Mr Cameron 's mind . It 's a foreign country to me . ` Men like Churchill , Atlee , Bevan , were real men with real depths of experience . ` They had not gone from school to university to being a special adviser to working in an advertising agency . ' He added : ` He does n't have that hinterland of experience any more than Mr Miliband . ' Lord Tebbit also suggested that Mr Cameron 's campaign tactics were pushing people into the arms of the SNP and Ukip . Lord Tebbit accused Mr Cameron , pictured , of bungling the Scottish referendum and annoying English voters . ` Having bungled the Scottish referendum , it seems pointless to just irritate Scots by shouting at them from Westminster , ' the former Cabinet minister under Margaret Thatcher said . ` The English are irritated into voting for Ukip , by being shouted at from Westminster -- and the Scots are irritated similarly . ' Lord Tebbit also told The Guardian it was ` logical ' for Scots to vote tactically for Labour in areas where Conservative candidates stand no chance . ` From the Tories ' point of view we are not going to come home with a vast number of seats from Scotland , ' he said . ` We know that . ` So the choice is would we rather have a Scot Nat or Labour ? I think , on balance , probably a Labour MP would be a more reasonable thing to have . ' Meanwhile Madonna was criticised by her gay fanbase yesterday for paying ` unapologetic ' tribute to Margaret Thatcher -- who brought in legislation to ban the ` promotion ' of homosexuality . The 56-year-old singer posted an image of the Iron Lady on photo-sharing website Instagram along with the caption ` Thank you Margaret Thatcher ' followed by ` unapologetic ' and a reference to her latest album , Rebel Heart . But the post was hurriedly removed after her gay fans reminded her that Mrs Thatcher 's ` anti-gay ' legislation was only overturned in 2003 .