Manchester United legend Gary Neville has slammed their performance against Everton as ` toothless ' following their 3-0 defeat on Sunday . Goals from James McCarthy , John Stones and Kevin Mirallas condemned United to their third successive Premier League loss at Goodison Park as well putting their hopes of a top-four finish at risk . After the match , Red Devils manager Louis van Gaal accused his players of lacking desire . Gary Neville has slammed Manchester United 's performance against Everton as ` toothless ' on Sunday . Kevin Mirallas scored Everton 's final goal in their 3-0 triumph over United at Goodison Park . West Brom -LRB- home -RRB- - May 2 . Crystal Palace -LRB- away -RRB- - May 9 . Arsenal -LRB- home -RRB- - May 16 . Hull -LRB- away -RRB- - May 24 . Van Gaal admitted he was worried after watching United go through their pre-match warm-up - and those fears were shared by his assistants , Ryan Giggs and Albert Stuivenberg . And speaking on his podcast , Neville concurs with Van Gaal 's assessment - adding that it was the Old Trafford outfit 's worst performance in the last five or six weeks . ` It was a strange game , and you would have thought that both teams had nothing to play for in some ways , ' the 40-year-old said in The Gary Neville Podcast . ` United were toothless , and that is being kind . I did n't really see them try and dribble past a player , make any forward runs . Ashley Young , pictured battling Aaron Lennon , had been in fine form for United - like many of his team-mates - but Neville branded the Red Devils ' display against Everton as their worst for five or six weeks . ` At times they were not getting enough men in the box and the final pass was poor . It is the worst I have seen United play for five or six weeks . ` They have been playing so well . Even in defeat at Stamford Bridge last week they played really well . ` Today -LSB- Sunday -RSB- it was n't there . It was Everton who had the cutting edge . It was through -LSB- Aaron -RSB- Lennon , -LSB- Romelu -RSB- Lukaku and Mirallas when he came on who looked the ones most dangerous to break through either defence . After the match United boss Louis van Gaal said that his players could not match Everton 's motivation .