The Wikipedia official who accused Grant Shapps of doctoring his own online biography was exposed yesterday as a former Liberal Democrat member . The Tory party chairman had been accused this week of using an anonymous user ID to delete embarrassing facts about his past and add unflattering details about his political rivals . But yesterday it emerged that the senior Wikipedia administrator who investigated the allegations - following a tip-off from the left-wing Guardian - was a former Lib-Dem member . Richard Symonds , 29 , who goes by the online name ` Chase me ladies , I 'm the Cavalry ' , is one of the UK 's top administrators for the website . He once described himself as ` Liberal Democrat to the last ' . Scroll down for video . Volunteer : Richard Symonds , who joined the Wikipedia project in 2004 , says he was not being political . Mr Symonds decided to block a user called ` Contribsx ' on Tuesday after concluding the account was probably operated either by Mr Shapps or under his ` clear direction ' . Mr Shapps angrily denied the claims , insisting the story was ` untrue from start to finish ' . Mr Symonds ' decision was also criticised by other Wikipedia activists , who warned that the site should not be used to ` play politics ' and referred the case to an internal arbitration committee . One user wrote : ` I do n't know if ` Chase me ladies , I 'm the Cavalry ' did anything wrong but it 's just rather obscure , and doing this during the peak campaign time for the UK 2015 elections as some sort of assignment from a journalist seems odd . ' Mr Symonds , from Bow , East London , described himself on Twitter as ` Liberal Democrat -LRB- to the last -RRB- ' before deleting his profile yesterday . He joined other party members who signed a letter to The Guardian in January last year calling for Lord Rennard to have the Lib-Dem whip withdrawn over his refusal to apologise for making unwanted advances to female activists . The internet expert , who has served in the Royal Naval Reserve , has been a Wikipedia volunteer since 2004 and became an administrator for the website in 2007 . He is also a paid employee of Wikimedia UK , a charity which promotes the volunteer-written encyclopedia . Furious denials : Grant Shapps yesterday continued to deny he was behind the Wikipedia changes . Among his Facebook friends is Wikipedia co-founder Jimmy Wales , who married Tony Blair 's former diary secretary Kate Garvey in 2012 . He was once featured in a BBC profile that called him ` one of the UK 's top Wikipedians ' and reported that he spent up to eight hours a day working on the site . Responding to the criticism yesterday , Mr Symonds insisted he was not a Lib-Dem activist and said he would never let his political views interfere with his Wikipedia work . He added : ` I have never considered myself ` active ' in any party , although I have been a lapsed member of the Lib Dems on and off , for probably a year in total since 2010 . ' Mr Symonds toned down his conclusions about Mr Shapps ' possible connections to ` Contribsx ' , revisions to one of his Wikipedia pages show . At first he claimed the Tory chairman ran the account either directly or indirectly , but later he changed this to suggest simply that the account was run by a user called ` Hackneymarsh ' who was linked to Mr Shapps ' office by The Guardian in 2012 . Mr Symonds admitted that Wikipedia 's top officials had ` chastised ' him for his handling of the case , although he refused to back down yesterday . He said : ` While a link has clearly been drawn between Hackneymarsh and Contribsx , it is impossible to know who was sitting behind the keyboard of Contribsx . ` But given the nature of edits , I suspect that it was Mr Shapps or someone close to him . ' The Liberal Democrats used the claims to poke fun at the Tory chairman when the story broke on Tuesday night , and senior figures in the party continued mocking him yesterday . Lib-Dem leader Nick Clegg said he believed the denials but then joked that the person behind the account could have been ` Michael Green ' , the pseudonym used by Mr Shapps to promote get-rich-quick schemes before he became an MP . A Lib-Dem spokesman said Mr Symonds had ` no connection to Lib Dem HQ ' . ` The first time we saw this story was in the Guardian , and the first time we know about him was when we were asked about him this afternoon , ' he added . Minister Justine Greening , left , and Tory election supremo Lynton Crosby , right , were among those mentioned in the Wikipedia edits . Mr Shapps yesterday continued to furiously deny he was behind the Wikipedia changes , and Tory cabinet ministers rallied behind him . He said : ` It 's categorically untrue . It 's absolutely nothing to do with me . It 's just ridiculous . It looks like an extreme dirty tricks campaign designed to do anything but talk about policies . ' David Cameron came to his defence , insisting the Welwyn Hatfield MP was doing a ` great job ' . Wikimedia UK spokesman Stevie Benton said to the best of his knowledge Mr Symonds did not brief the Liberal Democrats about his actions . ` I would be incredibly surprised if he had done and would say it 's out of character , ' he told the Daily Telegraph . ` I 've worked with Richard for three and a half years and his politics have never entered into anything in that time . ' The Guardian rejected criticism that its story did not made it plain that it had prompted the Wikipedia inquiry into alleged links between ` Contribsx ' and Mr Shapps . A spokeswoman for the paper said : ` The article clearly states that this was a Guardian investigation which brought to light some potential breaches of Wikipedia 's own rules , which were then communicated to the site 's administrators . ' Unite leader Len McCluskey has become embroiled in a claim against his trade union for bullying and sexual harassment . As part of a constructive dismissal claim under investigation by an employment tribunal , former union official Sally Nailard has accused the Unite general secretary of calling her a ` scab ' . The 50-year-old former regional officer based at Heathrow is seeking undisclosed compensation . The case lifts the lid on alleged ` discrimination , misogyny and bullying ' at the hard-Left union . The chairman of the employment tribunal in Watford , Isabel Manley , described the case as a ` sad and sorry tale ' . More than half of Labour candidates in its 106 target seats are linked to Unite . Mr McCluskey is one of several union officials cited in Miss Nailard 's claim . She resigned from her £ 47,000 position last August , following an alleged 18-month campaign of bullying and harassment . Her evidence submitted to the tribunal , seen by the Independent , relates to a copy of an interview she gave to Sky News in 1997 after a cabin crew strike which she did n't take part in . Her evidence states : ` If I was such a `` scab '' as Len McCluskey later said , I would have volunteered to operate as crew over the strike . ' The tribunal continues .