Jack Colback admits Newcastle United 's supporters are being left short-changed as the club 's sorry season threatens to plunge new depths . The 25-year-old says he is already looking forward to next term given the slump in form which has seen the Magpies lose five on the spin and score just one goal in eight hours . But before this season is out Colback and his team-mates will have to endure planned protests with a boycott of Sunday 's match against Spurs set to see thousands stay away from St James ' Park . Jack Colback -LRB- left -RRB- says the Newcastle United fans deserve more following another disappointing defeat . Newcastle lost six in a row at the same stage 12 months ago and the atmosphere inside the ground was toxic during the final home game as fans targeted manager Alan Pardew and owner Mike Ashley . One year on and John Carver 's threadbare squad is in real danger of being sucked into a relegation scrap should their ruinous run continue . And Colback accepts that their current effort is far from the standard required . The midfielder was one of the only players who deserves credit this season and put in a shift against Liverpool . ` This is a huge club which deserves more than it is getting at the moment , ' said the midfielder , who was part of another lacklustre display during Monday 's 2-0 defeat at Liverpool . ` It 's a difficult situation we 're in -- we 've not got a lot of players . ` But we ca n't feel sorry for ourselves . We 've got to make sure we perform this weekend . ` If we play like we did in spells -LRB- at Liverpool -RRB- then we can pick up the wins we need to get this season out of the way and look to progress next year . ' Carver says Ashley has promised him that the squad will undergo major renovation work this summer . Moussa Sissoko was sent off for a terrible tackle on Lucas Leiva to add to John Carver 's woes . The head coach has raised concerns about the character of the players after they lost a fifth straight Tyne-Wear derby last weekend . But Colback said : ` The character is there in the team , even though we did n't show it last week -LRB- at Sunderland -RRB- . ` We had to show a reaction at Liverpool because last week was nowhere near good enough . ` The minimum we could do is be better than the last game and I thought we were . ` We should have done better with their first goal and it was a shame we took until then to react . We created the odd chance . ` The penalty decision -LRB- Ayoze Perez was fouled by Dejan Lovren with the score at 1-0 -RRB- was massive , it might have been a different game if we 'd got that . Nothing seems to be going our way at the moment . Ayoze Perez -LRB- centre -RRB- was denied a stonewell penalty by under-fire referee Lee Mason in the first half . ` But we 're not going to get any sympathy , we 've still lost the game . ' Carver , meanwhile , will turn to Siem de Jong in a bid to save the season . The £ 6million signing was only days away from returning after a five-month layoff with a torn thigh muscle when he suffered a collapsed lung in February . De Jong -- who has made just one Premier League start -- was expected to miss the remainder of the campaign given that it was the second time he had fallen victim to the problem . However , the 26-year-old returned to training earlier this month and will now feature for United 's reserves when they entertain Derby County this evening . Siem de Jong is in line to feature for the under-21 's on Wednesday and his return would be a welcome boost .