Expensive clothes , fast cars and glittering industry parties : to the average person , the lives of the rich and famous may seem way out of reach . But the growing slew of celebrity gaming apps , from the likes of Kim Kardashian and Lindsay Lohan -LRB- and soon , Katy Perry -RRB- , promise to immerse you in it all , temporarily . Femail investigates what it 's like to ` live ' the life of a celebrity for a day . Scroll down for video . Kim Kardashian : Hollywood is the app from the reality star , which uses her likeness and voice . Users have to build a celebrity empire similar to Kim 's . The 34-year-old launched the highly lucrative app last June , and has an estimated 28 million downloads . Kim Kardashian 's highly lucrative app , Kim Kardashian : Hollywood , developed by Glu Mobile , has already been downloaded an estimated 28 million times since it was launched last June . The quest-based adventure game requires users to create a character -LRB- customising a ` cute ' look is compulsory -RRB- , become friends with Kim Kardashian and then embark on social-climbing , empire-building adventures . The character of Kim , voiced by the reality star herself , is your best friend in the game . YOU 'RE NOBODY UNTIL YOU MEET KIM . At the beginning of the game , your character works in retail , takes public transport everywhere , her apartment is essentially bare and ca n't even afford to adopt stray cats . That is , until you meet Kim Kardashian by chance -LRB- voiced by the reality star herself -RRB- , and she slowly introduces you into the industry . The game puts an emphasis in being charming and friendly to almost everyone , and also taking every opportunity . TAKE EVERY OPPORTUNITY . At the beginning , your boss trusts you to lock up the clothes shop , and Kim Kardashian turns up begging you to help her . You are given no choice but to break into the shop , choose her an outfit and give it to her for free . Luckily she rewards you by inviting you to a impromptu photo shoot . This type of sporadic activity is rife throughout the game and actively encouraged . MONEY AND CHARM IS KEY . Obediently completing mini-quests will win you cash and K-stars -LRB- which you can collect by paying real money -RRB- , but as is expected , to actually complete many of the tasks and buy new clothes , money is also required . Kustomise yourself : It 's necessary to constantly change your outfit and appearance in order to fit in at all the industry events . IMAGE IS EVERYTHING . Within ten minutes of living Kim Kardashian 's life , users have changed their outfits three times and checked their reflections twice . Seemingly , no one makes it big in Hollywood without constantly considering how their image can be improved . Vogue 's Andre Leon Talley -LRB- pictured left -RRB- makes an appearance in the game . No doubt as a career booster . PEOPLE FIT INTO 3 CATEGORIES . Strangely , it seems Kim is your only friend in the game , and you 'd be wrong if you think you 're allowed to make new ones . Characters fit into solely three categories : potential love-interests , career-boosters , or an arch-nemesis . Your very own ` momager ' : Early on in the game , Kim sites that a necessity of making it in the game involves having your own ` momager ' -LRB- mother/manager -RRB- , just like real-life parent Kris Jenner -LRB- pictured right - in the game -RRB- . -LRB- Pictured left to right -RRB- the cartoon recreations of Kourtney , Khloé , Kim and Kris Kardashian . They are characters you eventually meet later in the game . YOU 'LL NEED A ` MOMAGER ' One of the first things Kim Kardashian mentions to you is that you need a ` momager ' . Kris Jenner , Kim Kardashian 's very own , makes an appearance later in the game . You eventually also meet Kim Kardashian 's real life family , who have all lent their likeness and voice to the app . This includes Kris , Kourtney , Khloé , Kendall and Kylie -LRB- but no Rob -RRB- . Opportunities for fame come in all shapes of sizes , including dating -LRB- and marrying -RRB- people for exposure . YOU HAVE TO DO THINGS YOU DO N'T WANT TO . Although the game allows you to fly to Milan with Kendall , and hang out with Vogue 's Andre Talley Leon eventually , you have to do many things that are n't entirely favourable . This includes : dating -LRB- and marrying -RRB- people you do n't want to for exposure , ` charming ' people with K-Stars -LRB- which is a currency in the game -RRB- and partaking in sketchy photo shoots . Fame Game : Lindsay Lohan also launched her own game , The Price of Fame . Uncanny : Lohan 's game is a lot sillier and almost works to poke fun at celebrity culture . Lindsay Lohan 's game is comparatively sillier , and works more as a tongue-in-cheek critique of celebrity culture . If living a day in the life of Lindsay Lohan can be derived purely from playing her game , it 's a lot sillier and crass than Kim Kardashian 's . Although in both games you 're similarly working towards meteoric fame , in Lindsay Lohan 's you play for fans . You begin the game with no identity and no fans . Fans are earned by spending coins on items that will boost your star status . Players must try and collect as many fans as possible , by engaging in ridiculous or unfavourable activities . All the fans : Success in Lindsay 's game is judged by how many fans you can generate and also how quickly you can . ANKLE BRACELETS WILL WIN YOU FANS . Oddly enough , ankle bracelets are one of the purchases that can be used to win fans at a faster rate . Here 's where the silly element of Lindsay Lohan 's app really rears its head . Lindsay Lohan 's game offers less trend-led outfits as Kim Kardashian 's and seems to criticise the vacuity of showbiz . LOOKS ARE N'T EVERYTHING . Unlike Kim Kardashian 's app , Lindsay Lohan 's game instantly tells you at the beginning , while you 're choosing your outfit : ` Do n't worry , nothing is permanent in show business . ' Your character starts off completely naked , with just stars covering her private areas . The game almost seems to critique the humiliating , vacuous process of turning into a Hollywood star . Rather than placing an emphasis on outfits and make-up , it 's more about the ridiculous things you can choose to do . To generate fans quicker , you can choose to invest in publicity stunts , which include releasing nude selfies , having an elevator fights and even faking your death . SKETCHY ACTIVITIES ARE THE NORM . Publicity investments can bring you an endless barrage of fame and increase your notoriety . Options include : leaking a nude selfie , releasing a ghostwritten rap album , having an elevator fight , buying bum implants -LRB- one cheek at a time no less -RRB- , faking your death , and sleeping with a poet laureate . Other investments also include phony rap beefs and nip slips . Among the ridiculous activities that can bring you press and publicity , you can also choose to engage in embarrassing photo shoots -LRB- pictured -RRB- . IT 'S THE LITTLE THINGS THAT COUNT . Again , the idea of using money to directly buy your fame and influence is a key idea . Coconut water and paparazzi repellent are amongst the ridiculous things you can purchase that will earn you fans . KATY PERRY : Unnamed app . To be released at the end of 2015 , the pop star has teamed up with none other than the app developers of Kim Kardashian 's lucrative app : Glu Mobile . The app is likely to work on the same premise as Kim 's , whereby users attempt to become Hollywood celebrities . But specifics have not yet been announced . TOM HANKS : Hanx Writer , Free . Inspired by the actor 's real-life fascination with type-writers , the app recreates the nostalgic experience of an actual type-writer -LRB- noise and imagery included -RRB- , but with the easy functionality of an iPad . In September of last year , the app topped the iTunes charts . DAVID HASSELHOFF : Ask The Hoff , Free . In the style of a Magic 8 Ball , the actor 's app allows befuddled users to ask him for advice . It generates hilarious Hoff-appropriate answers that will see you through any problem . SAMUEL L JACKSON : iSamJackson , £ 0.79 . The first thing to consider before downloading the actor 's app , is the warning : ` Explicit ' . It works as a soundboard , whereby the user can select famous lines and Jackson will deliver them with recordings of his world-famous sass -LRB- and profanity -RRB- . MARIAH CAREY : Mariah Carey-oke , £ 2.99 . Exactly what is says on the tin , users can test their knowledge of the diva 's lyrics and vocal abilities . It uses voice recognition software to tell how well you can hit Carey 's high notes . SNOOP DOGG : Snoopify , Free . Wildly popular , the app transforms users into virtual ` gangsters ' with the help of digital stickers . There are sunglasses , wads of cash , gold ` bling ' and neon wristwatches .