Ambulance bosses are routinely making a 21,500-mile round trip to Australia to hire paramedics on £ 4,500 ` golden hello ' payments because it is far cheaper than training them in Britain . Managers from the London Ambulance Service , the largest in the NHS , have just filled 225 vacant posts with applicants from Sydney and Melbourne . They were recruited on the back of a series of practical demonstrations on dummies , a written exam and an interview that lasted in all between four and six hours . Ambulance bosses are routinely making a 21,500-mile round trip to Australia to hire paramedics on £ 4,500 ` golden hello ' payments . The selection process , held at five-star hotels , was so quick that by 8 am the next day applicants had received an email informing them if they had a job . It is the latest example of how the NHS is recruiting overseas because it has failed to train enough staff in Britain to meet the needs of the rising and ageing population . Hospital managers have been flying out to Spain and Portugal to hire batches of 30 nurses at a time . The ambulance service is also severely understaffed and , across England , around 1,250 posts are unfilled -- a tenth of what is needed . The Mail attended a fast-track recruitment event last month at the five-star Sydney Harbour Marriott Hotel , overlooking the famous Opera House . Our investigation discovered how : . Growing numbers of paramedics are quitting the NHS . Many are frustrated at having to spend hours queuing outside a & e units which are too full to accept their patients . They are also being called out to a growing number of non-urgent calls from patients unable to see a GP . The selection process , held at five-star hotels , was so quick that by 8 am the next day applicants had received an email informing them if they had a job . The increasing demand on ambulances means they are taking longer to reach the seriously ill . As a result , many paramedics are choosing to take up posts as ` advanced practitioners ' in a & e , GP surgeries and call centres for the 111 helpline where the work is less stressful and they can earn more . London Ambulance Service has been the hardest hit by this exodus . Currently 340 posts are vacant , a fifth of the total workforce needed . Last year alone more than 230 paramedics quit . However , Australia has a surplus.Other understaffed ambulance services in the UK are also going abroad , including to Poland . As well as the 225 paramedics hired from Australia last month , London Ambulance Service hired 175 from there and New Zealand in September . Managers are considering flying out again later this year and calculate that the first recruitment drive saved the NHS £ 9million . It costs £ 50,000 to train one paramedic in Britain . Each trip to Australia costs the ambulance service £ 90,000 in flights and hotel bills , but they return having hired on average 200 paramedics . They are offered a £ 30,200 salary including London weighting . Jason Killens , director of operations at London Ambulance Service , said : ` It 's not our long-term solution but is helping us fill a skills shortage while we train more people to become paramedics in the UK . ' He said the paramedics had initially been filtered via an online form . Tim Jones is one of the many Australians being lured to Britain to work as a paramedic . He will join the London Ambulance Service when he finishes his degree course in October . The 22-year-old said it was ` exciting helping people ' , but also hopes it will enable him to see more of Europe . He said : ` It was pitched as a lifestyle and a job -- they really sold it to me . ' He said friends who were offered jobs in September ` are absolutely loving it ' -- including having the chance to see the Tour de France . A lifestyle and a job : Tim Jones , left , during a skills test last month held at Sydney Harbour Marriot Hotel . Kate Tranter and fiancé Will Skelly , from Sydney , will move over together in the hope of furthering their careers . Miss Tranter said : ` We are big travellers so it will be a good adventure together . We will spend a minimum of two years there . ' Mr Skelly said : ` I 've always wanted to go to London as a paramedic because you get a variety of work and then you can shoot off to Spain for the weekend . ' Celia Potter , 23 , from Katoomba in the Blue Mountains , New South Wales , said she was encouraged to move to London after talking to friends given jobs in September . She said : ` One friend said they are thrown straight into it , but you also get a mentor for the first year which is good . '