Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers accepts his side can not afford not to turn up in another big game if their top-four ambitions are to survive . Prior to the international break the Reds ' 13-match unbeaten league run was ended at home to Champions League-chasing rivals Manchester United , leaving them five points adrift of the qualification places . Defeat at third-placed Arsenal would be a huge blow to their aspirations of returning to Europe 's elite for a second successive season . Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers has urged his team to perform well in the clash with Arsenal on Saturday . Rodgers knows they must avoid a repeat of the disappointing first-half display against United which led to their defeat . ` We 've made it difficult for ourselves because of our last performance and result , but it 's certainly achievable , ' he said of their top-four chances . ` Over the course of the last three months , apart from the last game , we 've performed very well and we have got results . ` I think people might look at it -LRB- the trip to Arsenal -RRB- as a must-win game . For me , it is a must-perform game , we want to perform well and we know that when we do that we 've got every chance of winning , whether that 's at home or away . Rodgers watches over training as he prepares his side to face Arsenal at the Emirates on Saturday . The Liverpool boss addresses his players ahead of the pivotal clash with Arsenal in North London . ` We 've had a long two weeks , it 's probably one of the few games where after the international break we 've had to suffer a little bit , because we did n't perform and lost , but there is extra motivation there to get something from the game and that is something that we clearly want to achieve . ` These final eight games are going to be exciting games and there is still every possibility for us to make the top four . ' Many see the two sides as being similar in their approach to how they play , particularly in relation to how they like to keep the ball . That was a feature missing in the United game and it cost them dearly and Rodgers has spent a fortnight over the international break assessing where it went wrong after enjoying so much success in the previous three months . ` Our possession was n't good enough in our last game , ' he added . Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard is suspended having been sent off against Manchester United . ` The key for us in the first-half against Manchester United was that we did n't keep the ball well enough and , positionally , we were never in position to receive the ball and press the ball . ` We 've talked about that , we 've analysed that and we 've worked on that ; in order for us to maximise how we 've been working we need to keep the ball better and be technically better . ` That 's a huge part of our game , and it 's Arsenal 's game . But for us , we 'll go there and tactically we are very clear on the idea of the game and we need to get something from the game , that 's clear . ` But that was the same before we played the Manchester United game ; Arsenal was a game that we wanted to ensure that we got at least a point from and that will be the case at the weekend . ' Daniel Sturridge trained on Thursday ahead of Liverpool 's trip to Arsenal in the Barclays Premier League . ` We 'll be going there looking forward to the game and really motivated to get back to winning again . ' Liverpool have been boosted by striker Daniel Sturridge 's return to training after a hip injury , while fellow England international Adam Lallana is also expected to be fit after pulling out of Roy Hodgson 's squad . However , they will be missing centre-back Martin Skrtel , a virtual ever-present in the league this season , as he begins a three-match suspension alongside captain Steven Gerrard .