A graphic on NBC 's Today show on Wednesday misidentified Saturday Night Live creator Lorne Michaels as ` Lauren ' . The flub by a graphics person , made on the East Coast feed of the morning show , was corrected for broadcasts in other time zones and online , the network said . Today had interviewed 70-year-old Michaels for a story Matt Lauer did on a New York gathering for people listed by TIME magazine as the 100 most influential in the world . Michaels is a legend at NBC for SNL - making the mistake by his own network even more embarrassing . Scroll down for video . Naming blunder : A graphic on NBC 's Today show on Wednesday misidentified Saturday Night Live creator Lorne Michaels as ` Lauren ' Michaels , a native of Toronto , made the cut for the second time since 2008 . The thrice married father-of-three made up part of the Titans category on the list compiled by TIME , which included rapper Kanye West , Apple CEO Tim Cook and reality TV star Kim Kardashian . ` Hard to think of anyone more skilled at discovering extraordinary comedic performers , ' wrote actor Jack Nicholson in a tribute to Michaels . He continued : ` As Lorne 's friend , I know that he is graciously suspect of admiration , and he understands that a discussion or dissection of humor is doomed to be dull . ` His credo : be funny and get on with it . ' In the spotlight : Today had interviewed 70-year-old Michaels for a story Matt Lauer did on a New York gathering for people listed by TIME magazine as the 100 most influential in the world . Born Lorne Lipowitz , Michaels began his broadcasting career at CBC Radio after graduating from the University of Toronto with an English degree . In 1975 , NBC hired Michaels to create a show to run on Saturday nights . After gathering a group of actors and writers , Michaels debuted Saturday Night Live . The sketch comedy show has since scored 160 Emmy Award nominations and 35 wins , while launching numerous careers . Today , Michaels is recognized as one of the most influential comedy producers of all time . Along as being recognized by TIME , in February Michaels was named on Billboard magazine 's Power 100 list . Despite becoming a U.S. citizen in 1987 , the media star has also been honored several times by his home country and he boasts a spot on Canada 's Walk of Fame .