Police put extra security measures in place after a kiwi man associated with Islamic State urged followers to launch attacks targeting Anzac Day commemorations . Kiwi jihadi Mark John Taylor , who claims to be fighting with Islamic State in Syria , posted a video on YouTube in an attempt to incite violent acts in Australia and New Zealand during services commemorating Anzac Day 's centenary . In the video , which has since been removed after 3 News notified authorities , Taylor instructed fellow jihadists to act out against police and soldiers . ` Now is the time to commence your operations , even if it means you have to stab a few police officers , soldiers on Anzac Day and so be it . ' Scroll down for video . Kiwi jihadi Mark John Taylor has posted a video to Youtube urging IS sympathisers to attack Anzac Day services in Australia and New Zealand . New Zealand Police Commissioner Mike Bush confirmed Taylor was ` known to New Zealand authorities ' and that this was not his first attempt at publicly ` airing his views ' . Mr Bush said police had conducted a thorough assessment of the troubling video and he was satisfied all appropriate measures had been put into place to protect those who plan on attending Anzac Day services . ` We take our responsibility for the safety and security of New Zealanders very seriously and , while we are unable to go into detail , we have already taken further security measures . ' Police in New Zealand have confirmed they have implemented extra security measures amid growing concerns of a targeted terror attack . ` Zealanders should feel confident in attending Anzac Day events as planned , while exercising their usual vigilance in light of the current global security environment , ' Mr Bush said . Prime Minister John Key told 3 News the troubling video only further confirms that IS are a growing threat to New Zealand and its people . ` It just reaffirms what I 've been saying , that IS is a war that they are trying to bring to New Zealand . ' Mr Key told reporters that while IS enjoy ` inciting fear ' by publicising the atrocities they commit , the group are under extreme scrutiny . ` Those people are under ... a pretty significant watch from the authorities , so we will continue to watch those people very , very closely . ' ` It just reaffirms what I 've been saying , that IS is a war that they are trying to bring to New Zealand ' ` Now is the time to commence your operations , even if it means you have to stab a few police officers , soldiers on Anzac Day and so be it ' Taylor , who left in May 2012 despite having his passport cancelled , is one of very few New Zealanders who are known to be fighting for Islamic State militants in Syria . He reportedly burned his passport upon crossing the Syrian boarder and posted to Facebook that his move to Syria was a ` one-way trip , no going back ' , the Guardian reported . Before his account was suspended , Taylor became an active twitter user and made headlines after he geo-tagged 45 tweets , subsequently revealing his precise location in Syria to the whole world . While some claimed he did this unknowingly branding him the ` bumbling jihadi ' , Taylor said he had ` every intention ' to display his location . Taylor , who left in May 2012 despite having his passport cancelled , is one of very few New Zealanders who are known to be fighting for Islamic State militants in Syria . Before his account was suspended , Taylor became an active twitter user and made headlines after he geo-tagged 45 tweets , subsequently revealing his precise location to the world . This comes only weeks after an Anzac Day terror plot was foiled by Australian authorities when 200 officers raided properties in south east Melbourne . Five men were arrested and it was revealed they were allegedly plotting to run over a police officer , savage him with a knife and steal his gun so they could embark on a shooting rampage in the streets of Melbourne on Anzac Day . Two of the five men arrested in the pre-dawn raids remain in custody , including Sevdet Besim , 18 , of Hallam , who was charged with conspiring to commit a terrorist act . Sevdet Besim , from Hallam in Melbourne 's south-east , was charged with ` conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for , or planning , terrorist acts ' at the Melbourne Magistrates Court . A second 18-year-old man , of Hampton Park in Melbourne 's southeast , was being held under a Preventative Detention Order , which allows police to hold a person without charge for up to 14 days . A British teenager was also arrested on suspicion of helping to plot the ISIS-inspired attack during Anzac Day commemorations . A 14-year-old boy from Blackburn , Lancashire , allegedly communicated with Australian men who had planned to use knives and swords to hack officers to death in Melbourne on Anzac Day . Police said the 14-year-old was first arrested on April 2 after they intercepted communications between him and an Australian man , allegedly relating to a planned terrorist attack . He was then re-arrested on suspicion that he was instigating a beheading , again on Australian soil . The Australian Federal Police confirmed the 14-year-old 's arrest was linked to counter terrorism operations in Australia . Five men were arrested in anti-terror raids in Melbourne , after the culmination of a month-long operation code-named Operation Rising .