Raheem Sterling has been pictured smoking a shisha pipe with Liverpool team-mate Jordon Ibe but is not the first Premier League star to have been involved such controversy . Here , Sportsmail details five other misbehaving stars involved in similar incidents away from the field . Raheem Sterling has been pictured smoking a shisha pipe with team-mate Jordon Ibe earlier this season . Jack Wilshere . Three times the Arsenal midfielder has found himself under fire amid a smoking row . In 2013 he was spotted outside a London nightclub with a cigarette in his mouth and was pictured smoking in a swimming pool in Las Vegas a year later . And earlier this year he was photographed holding a shisha pipe during a night out in London . In 2011 he was given a police warning after spitting on a taxi driver who refused to take him home because he was too drunk . Arsenal midfielder Jack Wilshere was photographed holding a shisha pipe during a night out in London . Diego Maradona . Argentina 's World Cup-winning captain was suspended for 15 months in 1991 after testing positive for cocaine while playing for Napoli . He was then sent home from the 1994 World Cup after failing a drugs test for ephedrine and was banned for 15 months . In 2004 he suffered a major heart attack caused by years of alcohol and drug abuse . Diego Maradona celebrates scoring for Argentina during 1994 World Cup win over Greece . Saido Berahino . The West Brom striker was filmed inhaling ` hippy crack ' while behind the wheel of his Range Rover last year and later apologised for his actions , saying he did not realise the health risk of the legal high . But in January he was banned from driving for a year and fined £ 3,400 after admitting a drink-driving charge . Paul Merson . The Arsenal playmaker did n't have just one vice , he had three - drink , drugs and gambling . In 1994 he admitted to being an alcoholic and addicted to cocaine and spent three months in a rehabilitation centre . He later detailed his battle in his autobiography ` Rock Bottom ' . Paul Merson celebrates scoring in Coca-Cola Cup final 1993 by pretending to drink beer . Kyle Walker . The Spurs and England defender was forced to issue an apology through Sportsmail when he was pictured inhaling ` hippy crack ' through a balloon during a night out in Sheffield . Walker was on international duty when the story broke in 2013 , and he said : ` I have now been made aware of the health risks associated with the practice and accept that my actions were of poor judgement . ' P.S. . If you thought those guys misbehaved , here 's Robin Friday ... The former Reading forward was the original bad boy and was better known for his drug-taking , drinking , womanising , fighting and smoking , despite being a talented player . He retired aged just 25 in 1977 and died 13 years later after suffering a heart attack . Robin Friday was the original ` bad boy ' and retired from football aged just 25 .