A midwife has today accepted her mistakes ` contributed ' to the deaths of two babies at a scandal-hit maternity unit . Marie Teresa Ratcliffe refused to defend herself against a raft of misconduct charges , choosing not to show up at her fitness to practise hearing at the Nursing and Midwifery Council -LRB- NMC -RRB- . She also declined to send a lawyer in her place . The panel has been told Ms Ratcliffe accepts 77 allegations relating to her care and treatment of 14 patients at the scandal-hit Furness General Hospital in Cumbria between February 2004 and September 2013 . Former midwife Marie Ratcliffe refused to defend herself against 77 misconduct charges at a fitness to practise hearing in front of the Nursing and Midwifery Council . She worked at the scandal-hit Furness General Hospital where Joshua Titcombe , pictured , died at just nine days old . They include the allegations that , in relation to two babies - one of whom died in February 2004 and another in September 2008 - Ms Ratcliffe 's conduct ` contributed to the death ' of , and/or caused the patient 's baby ` to lose a significant chance of survival ' . The allegations against Ms Ratcliffe also included claims she failed to adequately monitor patients , record key observations in patient notes or request assistance from doctors . Amanda Hamilton , representing the NMC , read out a letter written by Ms Ratcliffe which said that she will ` regret what happened for the rest of my life ' . Ms Ratcliffe told the panel she is no longer a midwife , and has no intentions of returning to the profession . In the letter read to the NMC panel , sitting in Stratford , east London , Ms Ratcliffe said : ` I am a human being of good will and I accept that I have made mistakes and apologise to those affected by them . ' In the letter , Ms Ratcliffe said she felt ` it was important not to delay ' proceedings any further or efforts for people to look in to what happened by ` defending myself against these charges ' . She denied being part of any cover-up or collusion of what had happened or effort to ` conceal the truth ' . In March , an independent investigation into what happened at Furness General Hospital between 2004 and 2013 , found failures led to the avoidable deaths of 11 babies and one mother . Marie Ratcliffe is the first of eight midwives accused of misconduct and poor care at University Hospitals of Morecambe Bay Foundation Trust to appear before the NMC . In March , the independent inquiry into the failings at Morecambe Bay , led by Bill Kirkup , found failures at the trust led to the avoidable deaths of at least 11 babies and one mother . Feuding medics , an obsession with natural childbirth , and a tight knit group of midwives who dubbed themselves ` The Musketeers ' contributed to a ` distressing chain of events ' which led to avoidable harm to mothers and babies , at Furness General Hospital in Barrow , Cumbria . The independent investigation into serious incidents at the hospital between 2004 and 2013 uncovered a series of failures ` at every level ' - from the maternity unit to those responsible for regulating and monitoring the trust which runs the unit . The report slammed the clinical competence of staff , a ` them and us ' culture between midwives , obstetricians and paeditricians and an over-zealous pursuit of natural childbirth ` at all costs ' by a small group of dominant midwives . It found ` shocking ' substandard clinical competence , extremely poor working relationships between different staff groups and repeated failure to investigate adverse incidents properly and learn lessons . And the report suggests that when babies died , midwives conspired to cover up the failings . In total eight midwives who worked at the trust could face disciplinary action . The NMC said last year that four midwives should face hearings . Meanwhile another four midwives are still the subject of further investigations . She noted that the system had been flawed but that she was governed by those procedures . She stated that ` in writing these words I seek no leniency ' adding ` I accept things I can not change . ' Panel chairman Gary Leong said : ` By her letter Ms Ratcliffe is aware of the proceedings . ` She has voluntarily absented herself . She is very clear that she does not wish to defend herself against these charges . ` In light of that the panel considers that an adjournment would not change the circumstances . She does not wish to come . ' He said the hearing is a matter of public interest , and as such will continue today . The proceedings will hear from two of the women who were under the care of the former midwife when they lost their baby . The hearing was told about the first incident occurred in 2004 in relation to the mother referred to a Patient A. Ms Hamilton , for the NMC , said another midwife present at the birth said the baby ` was placed by the side of Patient A and appeared purple , blue and lifeless ' . The baby was taken to a specialist unit in Liverpool Women 's Hospital where it died on February 26 , 2004 . The second death of a baby occurred in September 2008 . Other allegations she faces in regards to the Patient B 's baby include a failure to record or observe maternal blood pressure and that she failed to adequately monitor and/or ensure the foetal heart rate was normal . The misconduct hearing , which is expected to last a month , will hear from several witnesses including the two patients who lost their children . The hearing heard that Ms Ratcliffe qualified as a midwife in 1990 and in 1997 she was promoted to a Band 7 Midwife at Furness General Hospital , part of the University Hospitals of Morecambe Bay NHS Foundation Trust , where she worked until January 2014 . The hearing continues .