A hit-and-run driver who killed a pregnant 21-year-old woman , her husband and their unborn child has been sentenced to life in prison . Julio ` Wemo ' Acevedo , 46 , was found guilty of manslaughter and criminally negligent homicide after driving away from the scene of an accident that instantly killed Nachman and Raizel Glauber in Williamsburg , Brooklyn . The driver , who was convicted in February , is thought to have been traveling in his BMW at 70mph , twice the speed limit , when the incident occurred just after midnight on March 3 , 2013 . Julio Acevedo -LRB- left -RRB- 46 , was given 25 years to life in prison on Monday after driving away from the scene of an accident that killed a young Hasidic Jewish couple and their unborn child . Acevedo was convicted of manslaughter in the deaths of 21-year-olds Nachman and Raizel Glauber -LRB- right -RRB- . Nachman and Raizel Glaubers , who were 7 months pregnant at the time of the crash , were heading to the hospital in this Toyota Camry livery cab when they were killed . The car the Glaubers were riding in was T-boned by this BMW at an intersection in Williamsburg , Brooklyn . He repeated that the crash was an accident as he was sentenced on Monday and said that he was remorseful , according to CBS New York . The 21-year-old Glaubers , who were married in 2012 , were not wearing seat belts when the Toyota Camry they were riding in was T-boned by Acevedo at an intersection . Acevedo did not get out to help the young family and a witness said that he looked inside their livery cab before leaving on foot . Doctors at Bellevue Hospital were able to deliver the 21-year-old Glauber 's baby boy , but the child died the next day . Acevedo 's criminally negligent homicide conviction stemmed from the death of the baby . The family 's Orthodox Jewish community , which had thousands of members gather to mourn the couple , offered a $ 15,000 award for information leading to the arrest of Acevedo , who left the scene and could not be found in the days after the crash . He was eventually taken into custody four days after the accident , when he surrendered himself to police after arranging to meet them in Bethlehem , Pennsylvania . Acevedo has a history of felonies , including a 1987 murder conviction that was overturned in 1997 because of new evidence showing that he was under duress when he killed Kevin '50 Cent ' Martin , who inspired the name of rapper Curtis '50 Cent ' Jackson . He later accepted a plea deal combining a manslaughter charge in the same case with a charge for a robbery he committed 12 days after being released . There are also gun and drug convictions on Acevedo 's rap sheet , and he was awaiting an April court date for drunk driving when he hit the Glaubers . Acevedo , pictured after his Pennsylvania arrest in 2013 , has a long rap sheet including previous convictions for manslaughter as well as gun and drug offences . Acevedo , pictured after arrest , was said to be going 70mph , twice the speed limit , when he ran into the Glaubers . The judge at Monday 's sentencing said that because of his criminal pas Acevedo was receiving a harsher sentence than the normal 15 year maximum for manslaughter . The criminal told reporters after his hit-and-run arrest that his illegal speeding was because he was afraid of being shot by someone who pulled out a gun and said , ` Nothing is ever forgotten . ' The alleged incident may have been connected to his killing of Martin , according to the Daily Beast . The BMW driver said that he was not going 70mph and had not been drinking before the crash . The Glaubers ' cab driver Pedro Nunez Delacruz , 32 at the time , sustained minor industries but survived , the New York Post reported . Relatives of the Glaubers were emotional as the verdict came down on Monday . ` There are no words that can adequately express the pain and anguish that we have endured in the last two years , ' Nachman 's mother , Henny Glauber said . There are no words that can adequately express the pain and anguish that we have endured in the last two years , ' Nachman 's mother , Henny Glauber -LRB- pictured -RRB- , said .