The chilling Facebook posts of a gun-obsessed 24-year-old man who is believed to have shot dead his father and tried to gun down a family friend before turning the rifle on himself have been revealed . Tim McNaughton 's body was discovered alongside his father Greg McNaughton 's near a shooting range at a farm in The Caves , near Rockhampton in central Queensland on Tuesday . In February 2012 , Tim was issued with a ` shooter ' firearm licence by the Northern Territory Police . Posting a photo of the license on the social media site he alarmingly wrote : ` Mwahahaha do the realize what they have just done -LSB- sic -RSB- . ' The deaths are being investigated as a murder-suicide as it 's revealed a third man , Lindsay Hart , escaped being killed after being shot in his bicep by running into the bushland as bullets flew past him . Tim McNaughton -LRB- pictured -RRB- is believed to have shot dead his father and tried to shoot his pilot colleague before turning the gun on himself . Tim McNaughton posted this photo of his gun stash on Facebook in December 2013 , writing : ` My Christmas is better than yours ' In February 2012 , Tim was issued with a ` shooter ' firearm licence by the Northern Territory Police . Posting a photo of the license on the social media site he wrote : ` Mwahahaha do the realize what they have just done -LSB- sic -RSB- . ' Mr Hart ran into bushland after being shot at and sent a desperate message to his brother Doug Hart , the Courier Mail reports . The message said : ` Come get me quick . I 'm bleeding to death . I 'm just about stuffed . I 've lost a lot of blood but come through the neighbour 's place . ' ` Do n't go home , whatever you do . He 's just shot his father and he 's just shot me . Ring the coppers and get them on the road , ' Mr Hart , who is currently in a stable condition in hospital , warned . Mr Hart , 53 , also telephoned police from a neighbouring property for help and officers are said to have found the father and son 's bodies several hours later after an extensive search of the 50 acre farm . Inspector Darrin Shadlow told the ABC : ` They were there target shooting , there 's only the one weapon involved and we have recovered a weapon . ' Police confirmed Mr Hart is not a suspect and they are not looking for anyone else in relation to the deaths . Captain Greg McNaughton -LRB- left -RRB- was a pilot with the Royal Flying Doctor Service in Rockhampton . Police believe he was shot dead by his 24-year-old son . Pilot Lindsay Hart -LRB- right -RRB- reportedly escaped being killed by running into the bushland as bullets flew past him . All three men were friends and had been target shooting together before the incident . Tim 's Facebook page tells a story of a young man fascinated by guns . He reportedly suffered a sever brain injury during a motorbike accident last year . Greg McNaughton , 53 , and Lindsay Hart were both pilots with the Royal Flying Doctor Service in Rockhampton , while Greg 's son Tim was an apprentice aircraft engineer with the company . He was visiting his parents in Queensland while on leave from his posting at an RDFS base in Alice Springs . Tim 's Facebook page tells a story of a young man fascinated by guns and with a passion for motorbikes . In June last year , he suffered serious head injuries during a motorbike race in Alice Springs which left him in an induced coma for several weeks , the ABC reports . Friends say the incident on Tuesday would never have occurred if he had n't had the devastating brain injury and that his previous Facebook posts about guns were just ` jokes ' . Forrest Turner , 25 , told the NT News : ` This injury that happened to him in that race is the only cause of this -LRB- incident -RRB- . It would have never have happened before . There are lots of people hurting at the moment because this just was n't normal . He just was n't like this . ' Along with the photo of his firearms license , Tim 's page is littered with photos of himself on motorbikes and cradling rifles . In March 2014 he posted a photo of two boxes of bullets and in April of the same year he said : ` You know you 're a redneck when your vacuum cleaner gets clogged with empty shells . ' Tim posted on social media about how he shoots ` too much ' This photo he posted in May 2013 shows a bullet on his bed sheets . ` I love it when Nik buys me presents . 300gn and 405gn . 45/70 rounds oh sweet Jesus , ' he wrote on Facebook while posting a photo of two packs of bullets . Another photo he posted in May 2013 shows a bullet on his bed sheets alongside the caption : ` Ok this is how I know I shoot too much when I wake up in a bed 1500 km away from my guns and there is an empty case in me bed -LSB- sic -RSB- . ' On 24 December 2013 he uploaded on image of four rifles and multiple packets of bullets with the line ` my Christmas is better than yours . ' A statement from the CEO of the Royal Flying Doctor Service , where all three men worked , said everyone was shocked by what had happened . CEO Nino Di Marco 's said : ` All of us at the Royal Flying Doctor Service -LRB- Queensland Service -RRB- are deeply saddened and shocked to hear the news of this terrible tragedy in Rockhampton . Tim was visiting his parents in Queensland while on leave from his posting at an RDFS base in Alice Springs when he is believed to have shot his father and himself . In March 2014 he posted a photo of two boxes of bullets and in April of the same year he said : ` You know you 're a redneck when your vacuum cleaner gets clogged with empty shells ' A statement from the CEO of the Royal Flying Doctor Service , where all three men worked , said everyone was shocked by what had happened to Tim -LRB- pictured -RRB- , his father and Lindsay Hart . ` The incident that occurred late Tuesday afternoon was a leisure activity on a private property . It was not work related . ' ` We can confirm that Rockhampton Senior Base Pilot , Captain Lindsay Hart , is in a stable condition and is currently recovering in hospital , ' Mr Marco said . ` However , it is with great deal of sadness that I confirm the passing of his much loved fellow pilot Captain Greg McNaughton , and Greg 's son Tim -LRB- who is an apprentice engineer currently on leave from the RFDS base in Alice Springs -RRB- . ` Our thoughts and prayers are with their families , friends and colleagues at this time and we ask that everyone respects their right to privacy and opportunity to grieve at this difficult time . Thank you for understanding . ' Anyone who is suffering from depression or mental health issues should contact Lifeline on 131 114 -LRB- Australia -RRB- the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline on 1800 273 8255 -LRB- USA -RRB- or the Samaritans on 08457 90 90 90 -LRB- UK -RRB- , or a local help group .