The respected law professor from Philadelphia now being investigated after allegedly emailing students a link to pornographic footage , was once a contestant on Who Wants to Be a Millionaire , it has emerged . Lisa McElroy , a 50-year-old Drexel professor , appeared on the show in 2010 while it was still hosted my Meredith Vieira . And like her apparent March 31 email mishap , her game show appearance ended with a very public mistake . McElroy , who teaches legal writing , got tripped up on the $ 12,500 level after flying through the first few questions , notes Philly.com . Wishes she was a millionaire : Drexel law profesor professor Lisa McElroy allegedly sent a link to a pornographic website to her students . In 2010 , she appeared on the TV game show Who Wants to Be a Milionaire . Mother of two : The mother of two shared an anecdote with then-host Meredith Vieira about having to scramble to find a babysitter for her kids and someone to teach her class after learning she was to appear on the show just two days before taping . Lost it : McElroy was tripped up on the $ 12,500 question . Despite having used two lifelines , she answered wrong and walked away with around $ 5,000 . The questions read : . ` As a result of General Motor 's bankruptcy declaration in 2009 , what foreign government became one of its largest shareholders ? ' Even after using two of her lifelines to narrow down the answer , McElroy answered China , which was incorrect . The correct answer was Canada . She walked away with around $ 5,000 . McElroy , who is a children 's book and biography author , is apparently also a mother . She opened the appearance by sharing an anecdote with Vieira about having to scramble to find a babysitter after being informed she was chosen to be on Millionaire jsut two days prior to taping . She 's accused of sending the inappropriate message this past March 31 under the subject line : ` Great article on writing briefs . ' However , when recipients opened the enclosed link , philly.com reports that they were directed to a video of ` a woman engaging in a sexually explicit act ' . Lisa McElroy , 50 , who teaches legal writing at Drexel University , reportedly sent the inappropriate message on March 31 baring the subject line : ` Great article on writing briefs ' Following a number of complaints , the college issued an apology to students . The message read : ` As you may be aware , some students erroneously received an email this morning directing them to a. . . post that included some inappropriate material . ` We take this matter seriously and apologize for any upset it may have caused . ' The university says federal law requires it investigate all reports of inappropriate behaviors of a sexual nature . McElroy did not immediately respond to an email sent to her university account by the Associated Press . When recipients opened the enclosed link , philly.com reports that they were directed to a video of ` a woman engaging in a sexually explicit act ' It 's not the first time the married mother-of-two has appeared in the spotlight . She is also an accomplished author with a number of published biographies and children 's books . On her website , www.lisamcelroy.com , she describes herself as a ` Supreme Court junkie . ' She adds that her favorites ways of relaxing include ` crawling under the covers with a dog or two and a really good book ' or ` hanging out ' with her two adolescent daughters . Regarding the recent email scandal , David Lat - a lawyer and legal commenter - suggests she could have been ` hacked ' or made a ` copy/paste error ' . While an internal investigation gets underway , it 's been reported that McElroy has been placed on administrative leave . While an internal investigation gets underway , it 's been reported that McElroy has been placed on administrative leave from Drexel University -LRB- seen above -RRB- .