Measuring 30 cm high and made entirely from cake , these amazing hand-crafted designs are a luxury alternative to traditional Easter eggs . The incredibly detailed works of art were inspired by Faberge 's famous jewelled eggs , and painstakingly created by 14 of the UK 's top cake artists . Each of the intricate treats is entirely edible and were made using a range of decorating techniques and sugar work . Scroll down for video . Yellow Bee Cake Company 's amazing violet and gold carousel which features cakes as rides instead of the usual animals . Purple cake with gold detailing and purple roses by Rose Marie 's cake -LRB- left -RRB- and Zee Chik Cakes ' peephole egg with sugar work figurine -LRB- right -RRB- . The eggs were created as part of a feature for Cake Masters Magazine - and feature in this month 's edition , with Easter just around the corner . Rosie Mazumder , editor of Cake Masters Magazine , said : ` The eggs that have been created for this feature are just fantastic . ` The attention to detail and the hours spent working on the eggs shows in the presentation of each individual one . ` The eggs were on display at Cake International in London last weekend , and it was great to get a closer look at them all . ' The creations take their inspiration from the iconic Russian eggs created by jeweller Peter Carl Faberge which were famously gifted to figures including the Tsars Alexander III and Nicholas II . Textured masterpiece : Cakeium 's frosted blue base is decorated with gold icing and beading as is the egg itself . A fairy sits on a pedestal in the middle of this cake made by by Suzanne Thorp of The Frostery which also features clover leaves and a hand-painted plaque of Mary Berry . Laura Jane Cake Design 's egg features hand painting and brush embroidery -LRB- left -RRB- . Laura Loukaides , from Laura Loukaides Cakes was inspired by the 1914 mosaic egg created for Nicholas II of Russia for her black , gold and white cake -LRB- right -RRB- . The extremely detailed cakes are individually designed , including a British themed Union Jack egg and one dedicated to master baker Mary Berry from The Great British Bake Off . Jacqui Kelly from Totally Sugar , who created the patriotic Union Jack egg , said : ` I am a Scots girl at heart but London is my adopted home . ` And when I drive along the river in the evenings , the lights of the London skyline take my breath away every time . So it was easy to draw inspiration when I knew the eggs would be displayed at the ExCeL in London . ' Laura Loukaides , from Laura Loukaides Cakes , said : ` My egg is inspired by one of my favourite Fabergé designs - the 1914 Mosaic egg created for Nicholas II of Russia . Cupcake Oven 's pink , green and gold cake was made using a special cake enamelling technique , royal icing piping , and golden sugar roses . Totally Sugar 's cake features the Union Jack and London landmarks including the Millennium Dome , London Eye and Tower Bridge . Bella Baking 's egg cake is covered in sugarpaste and all the decoration is piped in royal icing . ` The craftsmanship and detail is just incredible . I wanted to combine the jewelled effect with my favourite colour scheme - black , gold and pearl . ` I love how black diamonds look in fine jewellery so I wanted to replicate the style by creating a diamond encrusted egg using individually placed sugar pearls . ' Suzanne Thorp , from The Frostery , said : ` Faberge created these lavish eggs for Russian royalty - so I thought about our `` Queen of Cakes '' , Mary Berry . ` My egg is in appreciation of her . The inspiration came from the 1902 Clover Leaf egg and it includes clover leaves , a hand-painted plaque and a sugar fairy as the surprise . ' Yellow Bee Cake Company 's Vicky Turner said : ` As soon as I saw the Fabergé carousel eggs , I knew that would be my inspiration for my own egg . ` I wanted to give the egg a cake theme so , instead of horses , I 've used cakes . You 'll even spot my first ever hidden scene cake in there , amongst slices of cakes and a tiny model of a crab on a cupcake . ' Ceri Badham and Linda Donnelly make up the mother and daughter team of Fancy Cakes by Linda . Fancy Cakes by Linda 's -LRB- left -RRB- pink egg cake features spring flowers made from sugar paste and was made by a mother-daughter team . A 1920s flapper girl perches on top of Pimp My Cake 's pastel blue creation which was inspired by Lily of the Valley style eggs -LRB- right -RRB- . Mrs Donnelly said : ` Our design is inspired by the beautiful pink and gold Fabergé eggs . The colours work beautifully together . ` Fabergé eggs have a very ornate presence and we wanted to keep this in our design , but also add our own style . ` We created oval plaques with rich gold moulded edging , in keeping with Fabergé , and inside , we placed hand-crafted sugar flowers inspired by the four seasons of weather in the UK . ' Calli Hopper of Callicious Cakes was inspired by art . She said : ` I was inspired by a Baroque/Rococo theme for my Faberge egg . I came across a series of delightful late 18th century illustrations by German artist Felix Schlesinger , who did a series of rustic paintings . ` As we are nearing Easter , I thought this an endearing theme to reproduce and hand paint . ' Diana Woolmer of Dee 's Sweet surprise said : ` My favourite Fabergé eggs are the ones decorated in pearls with lots of gold detail . This is my style of cake decorating so , for me , this is what I had to go with in terms of design . I kept my colours simple and let the gold do its thing . ' Calli Hopper , who runs Callicious Cakes , was inspired by 18th century illustrations by German artist Felix Schlesinger . ` The hardest part of the process for me was the design part , my head was full with too many ideas , ' she continued . ` In the end I ditched the sketch pad , covered my egg in icing and just went to work with what felt right . Each pearl was added individually and I even made some of my own silicone moulds for some of the details . The egg took me around five days to finish . ' Rhu Strand of Pimp My Cake said : ` My inspiration came from the Lily of the Valley style eggs . ` My passion in sugar is creating figurines ; I was drawn to the Lily egg and instantly wanted to include a 1920s flapper girl . I have used wire work to create the stems and sugar pearls for the flowers . ' Inga Ruby-Burn of Bella Baking said : ` My egg is inspired by the series of exquisite Imperial Faberge eggs , which were made for the Russian Imperial family between 1885 and 1916 . During that time period , ornate royal iced cakes were affordable only to the very wealthy and so it seemed only appropriate to pipe all the decoration on to my egg . The main covering represents a speckled duck egg . ' The Cake Masters Magazine Sugar Eggs Collection went on display at the ExCel in London from March 27 to 29 with more than 1.2 million visitors flocking to see the elegant edible treats . Diana Woolmer who runs Dee 's Sweet Surprise took five days to complete her cake , adding each golden pearl individually by hand .