A Church of Scientology-backed organization is facing a bizarre land use battle over its plans to turn a patch of secluded in woods near the presidential retreat Camp David into a drug rehab center . Lawyers hired by drug rehab network Narcocon have argued that Trout Run , a property in Frederick County , Maryland , has historic significance because President Herbert Hoover once caught a fish at the site . Opponents view the proposed designation as a trick to circumvent current zoning laws for the 40-acre plot of land and create a drug rehabilitation program that some call dangerous . Narcocon , a Church of Scientology-affiliated drug rehab network , is trying to prove that a patch of land near Camp David is historic enough so that they can build a center for twelve patients . A Scientology-back real estate company bought Trout Run for $ 4.85 million in 2013 , and has been trying to change its land designation so that it can build a center that uses saunas and vitamin therapy for addicts . Narcocon , which uses sauna sessions and the teachings of Scientology founder L. Ron Hubbard , has been sued in the past for wrongful deaths . It has denied wrongdoing . The group 's treatment program claims that megadoses of the vitamin Niacin and spending five hours a day in a sauna for a month eliminates addiction cravings that are stored in the body 's fat cells . Treatments at the center can cost more than $ 30,000 per month and typically last for as long as six months . Narcocon officials , who run more than 120 centers around the world , deny that the program tries to convert addicts to Scientology , though the group prominently features a quote from Hubbard on its website . The organization says that is focused on a secular approach to helping people overcome addiction . Its Maryland center would house 12 patients , with eight staff living there and eight living off-site . However , the current zoning laws for Trout Run , which includes a collection of stone cottages , classify it for resource conservation and do not permit any medical purpose for the site , according to the Washington Post . Though Narcocon says that it is non-religious and does not try to convert people to Scientology , its website features the religion 's founder L Ron Hubbard -LRB- pictured -RRB- prominently . Placing the property on the county register of historic places would allow Narconon to conduct its program . The rehabilitation program was founded in 1966 and is based on the teachings of Scientology 's founder L. Ron Hubbard . Narconon claims it is a non-religious , non-profit , non-medical rehabilitation program with patients around the world . Its methods include spending up to five hours a day in a sauna for 30 days straight and mega doses of the vitamin Niacin . The hypothesis underlying the program is that drugs and their metabolites are stored in the body 's fatty tissues for years , causing the addict 's cravings when partially released later on . But these can be flushed out through a regimen comprising elements such as exercise , sauna and intake of high doses of vitamins , according to the facility 's methods . This hypothesis does not enjoy mainstream acceptance , and researchers and practitioners tend to discount Narconon due to its connection with Scientology . No independent study that has not been funded by the center exist to confirm the supposed efficacy of its treatment , which has repeatedly been cited as curing 75 per cent of addicts . Since its establishment , it has faced considerable controversy over the safety and effectiveness of its rehabilitation methods and the organization 's links to the Church of Scientology . Fees can sometimes reach more than $ 30,000 per month and centers bring in millions of dollars a year from patients . An aide of Herbert Hoover bought the property in the late 1920s and the president went on fishing trips there , the Frederick News Post reported . Narcocon hired a consultant whose history of Trout Run said that Hoover ` reeled in a fine one-and-one-half pound trout ' during a visit . ` No President was born or died there . No epic battles were won or lost , no proclamations penned , no foreign dignitaries lodged and feted , ' local drug counselor Kristin Milne-Glasser wrote in opposition to the historic designation . She said that the area merits a roadside plaque at most . President Dwight Eisenhower and other Washington elites also fished at Trout Run during his time in office . Frederick County 's Historic Preservation Commission ruled that the site is eligible to be voted onto the register because of its early 20th century architecture . Social Betterment Properties International , a real estate company tied to Scientology , bought the land in 2013 for $ 4.85 million from a government official who had long been trying to sell it . Narconon has been working on building its center since . County councilors delayed voting on the measure two weeks ago so they could have more time to review the proposal and plan to grant or deny approval on Tuesday . Beyond questions of history , opponents to the rehab center have cited safety concerns about the mysterious organization being so close to Camp David and Narcocon 's alleged checkered past . Celebrity Scientologists such as John Travolta and Tom Cruise have repeated Narconon 's message about how it saves 75 per cent of addicts . Trout Run was first built and developed by an aide of President Herbert Hoover -LRB- right -RRB- in the late 1920s . It is located in a woods several miles from presidential retreat Camp David -LRB- left during G8 Summit in 2012 -RRB- . Trout Run in Maryland was used for fishing by President Hoover -LRB- right -RRB- and President Dwight Eisenhower -LRB- left -RRB- during their times in office -LRB- file photo , Colorado , 1954 -RRB- . However , the organization previously lost its license in Georgia after the death of 28-year-old former Marine Patrick Desmond , who was being treated for alcoholism but died after allegedly trying heroin for the first time while in treatment . Previous deaths at Narcocon include three young people who died within a year at a flagship Oklahoma facility , according to NBC . Hilary Holten , 21 , was found dead in her bed at the center in April 2012 of unknown causes . Stacy Murphy , 20 , died of an oxymorphone overdose in July . Gabriel Graves , a 32-year-old father of two , died of unknown causes in October 2011 . Narconon denied responsibility for any patient deaths . The group 's Arrowhead in Oklahoma was estimated to have brought in $ 10.88 million in revenue in 2011 . The group has already approached the Maryland Department of Health and Mental Hygiene about acquiring a license for its facility but has not filed an application . Its website says it currently runs 16 centers in the United States , though the only one on the East Coast is in Massachusetts . Narcocon and its rehab network have attracted criticism from residents in western Maryland for its checkered past , though celebrities such as Tom Cruise -LRB- pictured , 2004 -RRB- endorse it . A Narcocon center in Oklahoma became the center of widespread scrutiny after the death of three people within a year , including 21-year-old Hilary Holten -LRB- right -RRB- and 20-year-old Stacy Murphy -LRB- left -RRB- .