Robert Downey Jr has helped raise more than £ 1million for a British hospice by raffling off a date with himself to his latest film premiere . The Ironman actor promised to fly a winner and a friend to Los Angeles to join him on the red carpet for the world premiere of Marvel 's Avengers : Age of Ultron . His offer - which also includes a gown or tuxedo fitting and a helicopter ride - was up for grabs via $ 10 -LRB- £ 6.80 -RRB- raffle tickets and raised money for children 's hospice Julia 's House . Scroll down for video . Robert Downey Jr has helped raise more than £ 1million for British hospice Julia 's House . Dorset-based charity will now use the money to build a new hospice in Wiltshire . It raised £ 1,388,863 for the Dorset-based charity , which will now use the money to build a new hospice in Wiltshire . Speaking in a video promoting the prize , the actor said : ` Have you had the best night of your life on earth ever yet ? Well you could , with me , for a good cause . ` Here 's the deal - you donate ten dollars or more for a chance to win the RJD experience . ` I correspondingly fly you and a friend to LA , put you up in a five star hotel and proceed to awesome the crap out of you . ` I 'll take you indoor skydiving , on a helicopter tour , a pit stop at Randy 's Donuts and after riding your sugar high all the way to a fitting for a tux or gown , we are going to meet up for a bit of pre-premiere caviar . ` We 'll giggle , chat , take pictures , and perhaps even engage in a battle of wits - kidding , or am I ? A still from the video which Robert Downey Jr recorded helping to raise more than £ 1million for Julia 's House shows a worker at the hospice interacting with a child . The raffle was hosted by Omaze , an American organisation that supports charities . ` And then right before sunset we make a grand entrance at the venue on the red carpet , and then you become one of the first people on earth to see Avengers : Age of Ultron . ` All proceeds go towards funding Julia 's House . This place is amazing . It 's a hospice for children with terminal illnesses . It 's a win-win . ' Downey Jr heard about Julia 's House after he attended a fundraising event at the home of film director and Julia 's House patron Guy Ritchie . Martin Edwards , CEO of Julia 's House , said : ` We are so grateful to Robert Downey Jnr for helping with our dream to increase our respite and end of life care and reach more children over a wider geographical area , principally by building a Wiltshire children 's hospice and extending our home care in the county . ` We 'll giggle , chat , take pictures , and perhaps even engage in a battle of wits ' he says . ` It 's amazing when someone in so much demand is so focused on giving something back . ` He 's our superhero - we love you Iron Man . ' Winners were chosen and privately notified on Tuesday April 7 . The raffle was hosted by Omaze , an American organisation that supports charities by offering celebrity experiences for 10 dollar raffle tickets . Downey Jr heard about Julia 's House after he attended a fundraising event .