Justin Rose will try to take a leaf out of Rory McIlroy 's book after kickstarting his season with his share of second place in the Masters . Rose arrived at Augusta National having missed the cut in three of his previous five tournaments on the PGA Tour , but left with renewed enthusiasm and a 14-under-par total which has only been bettered six times in Masters history . ` I 'm really excited about the rest of the year now . It 's a good momentum starter for me , ' said Rose , who was looking to become the first European player to win the US Open and Masters . Justin Rose was unable to take victory at the Masters , despite carding 14-under-par for the tournament . Rose believes that his finish of second at Augusta can boost his season with some big events ahead . Rose wants to follow the lead of Rory McIlroy , who had a relentless winning streak in the summer of 2014 . ` I tried to really tell myself that this year for me is going to be about April to September when the big tournaments come around and that 's when I want to play well . ` You look at Rory 's year last year , it was all about how he played in the summer -LRB- winning the Open , Bridgestone Invitational and US PGA in the space of four weeks -RRB- . I was trying to keep telling myself it 's a long year . Very happy it turned around this week in a major championship . ` The thing that was most important for me this week was the fact that I have not been in contention and I have n't had a lot of experience this year or positive vibes on which to draw . ` I was really pleased at how comfortable I felt in that situation , last group in the Masters on Sunday . I think that 's when you learn a lot about yourself and that makes me very hungry to get there again very soon . ' Rose began the final round four shots behind Spieth and closed to within three on three separate occasions on the front nine , but was never able to get any closer . ` There 's two ways to look at it . You can think that 14 under par , I 'll take that next year and I 'll take that the year after and I 'll take it the year after , so I have to take a lot of confidence from that , ' he added . Rose had struggled to hit top form going into the Masters but now hopes to sustain his Augusta form . Rose -LRB- left -RRB- congratulates tournament winner Spieth and praised his performance level for the week . ` But you 've got to play it on the day , too . I felt like there were a few moments out there where I could have done better and I 'll learn on that and think about that . ` Jordan did n't really open the door and I did n't really expect him to . Really the one time on the back nine where it got interesting for me was the 16th hole . I felt that if I make my birdie putt and Jordan misses for par , it 's a two-shot swing and I 'm two back with two to play . But my putt just slid by and he made a great eight - footer to there to keep his momentum as he did all day , really . '