With the coffee drinking scene continuing to grow in Britain , baristas and cafe owners are putting more thought into the cakes and pasties that accompany your beverage . And while coffee matching rules are not as hard and fast as wine pairing ones , there are still some things you should consider . So the next time you order a latte and reach for a slice of cake , you might want to want to rethink your choice of dessert and have a Chelsea bun instead . The next time you order your coffee give some thought to your choice of pastry . The classic English pastry has been identified as the perfect accompaniment to a creamy latte , as well as a cinnamon swirl and a pain au raisin . And espressos are best paired with chocolate truffles or a mini raspberry coulis . Flat whites are best accompanied by a blueberry muffin , and a plain black coffee is best drunk with a glazed ring doughnut . Will Corby , from online coffee subscription company Pact Coffee , told FEMAIL : ` It is worth remembering that the coffee used to brew different types of coffee will all have different flavour profiles so the acidity/bitterness/sweetness balance of the coffee used is something to consider when pairing it with pudding . From lattes to espresso and Americano to cafe au lait , here are Will 's picks for the best puddings and pastries to accompany your cup of java . A latte -LRB- left -RRB- which has a light espresso flavour is best complemented with a Chelsea bun -LRB- right -RRB- . LATTE : Cinnamon swirl , Chelsea bun or pain au raisin . Something big and hearty has to go with the light texture and sweetness of a latte . Delicate spice and toasted pastry flavours should work best , allowing you to detect the light espresso flavour through the warm milk . ESPRESSO : Chocolate truffle or mini raspberry couli . Espresso is strong and short drink , your taste buds will be exposed to very intense tastes when you drink it and any accompaniment needs to either pack an equally intense punch or complement in an alternative and cleansing way . I would suggest the chocolate truffle be paired with a fruity espresso and the raspberry couli with a more chocolatey espresso . FLAT WHITE : Muffins . A light fluffy muffin -LRB- blueberry is my choice of sweet -RRB- should accompany your flat white really well but if you are prepared to take things a little further a ham and cheese sweet/savoury muffin works even better ! IRISH COFFEE : Cheese and crackers . Definitely an end of meal , post-dessert drink this is best paired with cheese - perhaps a crumbly hard cheese like a Lancashire - and sweet crackers but maybe avoid the chutney . Glazed ring doughnuts -LRB- left -RRB- will bring out the flavour profile of a plain black coffee -LRB- right -RRB- . CAPPUCCINO : Amaretti . Amaretti for dipping , avoid any extra milk or other intense flavours when it comes to this drink . BLACK COFFEE : Doughnuts . Black coffee -LRB- brewed filter or with a V60 dripper -RRB- with tends to have a more delicate flavour profile than coffee brewed in other ways . Drink it with a glazed ring doughnut to make the most of the coffee flavours . AMERICANO : Baked New York cheesecake . A cheesecake and an Americano should sit together really nicely ... you will generally end up with a much more developed bitterness in an Americano and the heavy fat and intense sweetness from this cheesecake should balance that perfectly . MOCHA : Marshmallows . Opt for good quality squidgy vanilla marshmallows as this drink already has all the flavour going on . It just needs the addition of a little extra sweetness and texture from the desert . Good quality marshmallows -LRB- left -RRB- will complement the strong flavours of a mocha -LRB- right -RRB- . CAFE AU LAIT : Croissant . A French classic , this should really be accompanied by croissant and blackcurrant jam . CORTADO : Custard tart . An espresso cut with a small amount of milk , this coffee is Spanish or Portuguese in origin , so I would lean towards a Portuguese -LRB- custard -RRB- tart for this . MACCHIATO : Almond brittle . To go with this espresso topped with foamy milk , choose almond brittle , which has short , intense caramelised sweetness but tastes more like toffee than sugar . AFFOGATO : Best by itself . This coffee is the dessert , in which an espresso is poured over ice cream so it should require no addition ! A post-dessert drink , Irish coffee -LRB- left -RRB- is best paired with a crumbly , hard cheese such as Lancashire -LRB- right -RRB- . Latte : Coffee made with espresso and steamed milk . Espresso : Strong coffee made by forcing steam through ground coffee beans . Flat white : An Australian invention this is prepared by pouring microfoam -LRB- steamed milk with fine bubbles -RRB- over a single or double espresso . Irish coffee : Coffee made with Irish whisky and sugar , and topped with cream . Cappucino - Smaller in volume than a latte , a cappucino has hot milk and steamed milk foam with one shot of expresso . Affogato : Vanilla ice-cream topped with a hot shot of espresso . Americano : Espresso diluted with hot water . Mocha : A chocolate flavoured latte with espresso and hot milk . Cafe au lait : A light brown coffee with milk . Macchiato : Espresso with a small amount of steamed , foamed milk . Cortado : A Spanish version of the macchiato made with espresso and a small amount of steamed milk .