She 's a glamorous model making her name by spinning records in London 's party scene , but until she was 18 Munroe Bergdorf was a boy called Ian . The beautiful DJ , 27 , from east London , has worked with and modelled for a variety of fashion and beauty brands including Illamasqua and Boy London - made famous by megastar Rihanna . But now she 's speaking out about the decision to start taking female hormones to live as a woman in the hope it will help other transgender teens . Scroll down for video . Munroe Bergdorf , the super sexy brunette as she looks now -LRB- left -RRB- and in 1999 when she was still a boy called Ian -LRB- right -RRB- . Transgender Munroe has made a name for herself on London 's party scene and now spins the decks in some of the country 's most high end clubs . Munroe said : ` I had always known growing up that I was supposed to be a woman , but I 'd always tried to hide it for fear of being different . ` I went to a very conservative all boys school that specialised in rugby - and I got picked on for being quite effeminate . ` But I remember being about 17 and wondering how different my life would be if I did n't care what people think . ` It was then that it suddenly hit me - it was time to start being true to myself , ' she said . ` I came out as gay to begin with at 15 and then I started dressing up as a woman and doing drag around three years later , ' said Munroe . ` Soon I started the slow process to transition into a woman , it was the best decision I 've ever made . Now -LRB- left -RRB- and then -LRB- right -RRB- : Munroe has transformed into a sexy beauty after growing up as a boy . ` I went to a very conservative all boys school that specialised in rugby - and I got picked on for being quite effeminate , ' she says . Munroe -LRB- pictured at a party last year -RRB- began her transition at the age of 19 , and at 25 years old was offered hormones by her doctor . ` I 'm now a DJ full time and I do some work within the fashion industry too , ' said Munroe . ` I 've worked for Calvin Klein in their press office , designed a lip gloss for Illamasqua , a make-up brand that I love , and I 've even designed capsule lines for Boy London - Rihanna has worn one of my pieces . ` I also do a bit of modelling from time to time . ` Some people notice that I was once a boy , some people do n't - but I 'm happy to talk about it if they ask . ' Munroe began living as a woman at the age of 18 and started taking drugs friends had been prescribed at 23 . It was only at 25 she was offered the hormones by her doctor . She said : ` I first started taking hormones that had been prescribed to my other trans friends . The DJ explained : ` It was really exciting to start taking the hormones and see my body change ' The stunning brunette -LRB- left and right -RRB- modelled for a variety of fashion and beauty brands including Illamasqua and Boy London - made famous by Rihanna . ` It is not something that I would recommend at all , but the process can take such a long time , and once you 've made the decision to become the person you really are , you just want to get on with it . ` It was really exciting to start taking the hormones and see my body change - and soon as I was given them by my doctor . ` It 's like going through puberty again so I got quite self-conscious about the way I looked and dressed , and I felt as though I started to think differently . ' ` I did n't really like explaining what was going on to people as I was doing this for myself , but friends and family were curious , ' she said . ` My mum found out what was going on when she noticed my chest growing - it was a shock at first but she 's very supportive . ` As soon as I noticed the change in myself it was like I was n't ashamed any more , ' she said . Munroe has now been taking hormones for four years , and has embraced her new life . She said : ` When I left university I got involved in fashion and the PR industry . ` I 've had the opportunity of working with some incredible brands , designers and photographers , and I just love it . ` I 've done everything from club promotion , modelling , PR , and now I 'm a full time DJ . ` I DJ at major club nights and private members clubs in some of the most exclusive venues in London - I feel so lucky for everything that 's come my way , I would never take it for granted . ` I 'm still the same person I was before , I 'm just in the right body now . ` I look in the mirror and I feel like it 's me who 's looking back , rather than somebody I do n't recognise ' . Munroe , pictured with her friend Conor , says of her transition : ` It was the best decision I 've ever made ' Munroe and her friend Stephano at London Fashion Week . The DJ believes : ` I want people to know that it 's ok to be different , and that you should n't be scared of being the person you are ' ` I look in the mirror and I feel like it 's me who 's looking back , rather than somebody I do n't recognise , ' says Munroe . Munroe now hopes her story will encourage other young transgender men and women to feel comfortable in their own skin . Munroe said : ` I think it 's important that the world understands and respects transgender people and the rights that they deserve to have within society . ` I 'm so much happier now than I was growing up . ` I want people to know that it 's okay to be different , and that you should n't be scared of being the person you are . ` I talk quite openly now about what 's I 've been through and frequently speak publicly about trans rights and community issues . ` I think it 's important that the world understands and respects transgender people , the struggles that they face and the rights that they deserve . '