Every police force in England and Wales will be required to record anti-Muslim hate crimes and treat them as seriously as anti-Semitic attacks if the Tories win the next General Election , Theresa May has announced . In a move hailed by Islamic groups , Mrs May said that police will have to record Islamophobic attacks as a separate category , just as anti-Semitic crimes are recorded separately . At present some forces , including London 's Metropolitan Police , do record Islamophobic crimes as such . Other forces categorise them as hate crimes or specific offences such as assault or grievous bodily harm . Scroll down for video . Pledge : Home Secretary Theresa May said police will have to record Islamophobic attacks as a separate category . The new requirement will create the first accurate picture of the extent of Islamophobic hate crimes in Britain . Charities say there has been a steady rise of anti-Muslim hate crimes since 9/11 . But after incidents such as the murder of Drummer Lee Rigby outside Woolwich barracks in 2013 and the Charlie Hebdo attacks in January , there are spikes in incidents in the UK , say experts . Mrs May made her pledge in a speech on counter-extremism to the Foundation for Peace in London just before Parliament was dissolved . She told the conference : ` We will require police forces to record anti-Muslim crimes as well as anti-Semitic crimes . ' On the same day , Mrs May answered a question from Labour MP Kate Green in Parliament , who asked what steps the Government was taking to record anti-Muslim hate crimes . Mrs May said : ` A Conservative government would require the police to be recording Muslim hate crime , anti-Muslim incidents , as well as anti-Semitic incidents . ' The Home Office does not publish national statistics for Islamophobic offences . The move by Mrs May , pictured here with Prime Minister David Cameron , has been hailed by Islamic groups . But in 2013-14 , police recorded 44,480 hate crimes , an increase of five per cent over the same period the previous year across England and Wales . The vast majority -- 37,484 -- were race-hate crimes . Tell Mama , a Government-backed Islamic group , said that more than half of all the victims -LRB- 54 per cent -RRB- of Islamophobic incidents are women , perhaps because they ` appear more Islamic ' , wearing the burka or headscarf . Tell Mama figures show that in the ten months after the Lee Rigby attack , a total of 734 incidents were reported to the organisation -- an increase of 20 per cent on the same period the previous year . The most serious incident is believed to be the frenzied knife attack on Saudi Arabian student Nahid Almanea , 31 , in Colchester , Essex , in June last year . Detectives believe she was attacked because she was wearing Islamic clothes . So far no one has been arrested for the murder . Mohammed Amin , a patron of Tell Mama , said of Mrs May 's speech : ` This is a positive step forward . ' The Muslim Council of Britain has also welcomed the proposal . Iqbal Sacranie , the group 's former Secretary-General , said : ` This change will bring parity between Muslim and Jewish groups . '