A cat who had been stuck in a wall at a Cairo train station for five years has been freed at last . Biso had squeezed into the hole in the wall at the Mohamed Naguib metro station as a kitten in 2010 - but then soon became to big to escape . He survived thanks to an elderly man named Uncle Abdo , who gave the trapped cat water and fed him scraps of food every day . Scroll down for video . Biso the cat , who was stuck behind a wall in a Cairo train station for five years , has finally been freed . The cat survived thanks to an elderly man called Uncle Abdo who fed him scraps of food every day . Now , the feline in finally free thanks to a social media campaign , according to the Cairo Post . Animal rights activist Mounira Shehata told the newspaper the smell when the wall was removed was ` heinous ' . She said : ` It was like a tomb . There were black worms along four meters of the edge , where Uncle Abdo was able to put in food for Biso . ' Uncle Abdo , who named the cat , said Biso would regularly hide from bigger cats in the hole , but one day , squeezed inside and was not able to come out again . He added that workers had tried to rescue the cat years ago , but a scared Biso had stayed behind the wall . And Uncle Abdo even visited the station to feed Biso during the revolution in Egypt in 2011 , when most stores , including his own , were closed . Uncle Abdo even came to feed Biso during the the revolution in Egypt in 2011 , when his shop was closed . ` I do it for God . What is for God does not go away , ' he told Masr al-Arabia . Biso 's plight came to the attention of animal activists after a picture of the cat 's tail hanging from behind the wall was posted on Facebook last month . A caption explained that the wall could not be broken to free the animal because it would be considered damage to public property . The picture caught the attention of Ms Shehata and her fellow animal rights activists Marwa Elgebaly and Rania el-Kordy - who all decided to go save the cat on March 12 . Staff at the station told the trio they would need to return a couple of days later , when a maintenance official would be able to help . And after Dina Zulfikar , an animal rights worker , filed a report at the Abdeen police station March 13 , officers arrived at the metro station . Biso 's plight came to the attention of animal activists after a picture of his tail was posted on Facebook . But the terrified cat quickly ran off after his rescue from behind the wall at the Mohamed Naguib metro station . They told the head of Mohamed Naguib metro station , in downtown Cairo , of the prosecution order to rescue Biso . Workers were brought in to help - and the rescue mission took more than five hours . The terrified cat only emerged from the hole after one worker , named Amr , went inside to bring him out . Sadly , Biso then quickly ran away before anyone was able to catch him . Uncle Abdo is still looking for him inside the station .