Nigel Farage will say today that allowing refugees into Europe ` could lead to half a million Islamic extremists coming to our countries and posing a direct threat to our civilisation ' . The Ukip leader will say the boatloads of people trying to get to the continent from North Africa could provide a cover for jihadis wanting to do harm . Mr Farage will make his comments in a debate at the European Parliament in Strasbourg in the wake of more than 1,000 migrants drowning in the Mediterranean . Scroll down for video . Warning : The Ukip leader will say the boatloads of people trying to get to the continent from North Africa could provide a cover for jihadis . He will warn that if the EU agrees to give refuge to migrants from North Africa , it could lead to millions being given passports that allow them to move to Britain . A source close to Mr Farage said he was taking time out from the campaign trail in Britain to focus the election debate on immigration . Campaign bosses believe a provocative intervention could have the same effect as his controversial remarks on foreigners with HIV being treated in Britain -- which were part of a so-called ` shock and awful ' strategy to get attention and appeal to the party 's ` core voters ' . Mr Farage thinks his party could still get more than ten MPs if he manages to cause a ` big shock ' in the eight days before polling day . A senior Ukip aide said : ` He needs to make a special intervention . This is a big moment in the campaign . ` Cameron and Miliband do not want to talk about this because they know the whole issue hinges on EU membership . ` Nigel is going to highlight how jihadis are entering Europe , getting EU passports , and then are able to easily come to Britain because of the open-borders policy . ` If there is going to be one country where these guys are going to head to , it is going to be us because of the Iraq war and our involvement in Afghanistan and against Islamic State . ' Mr Farage said yesterday he opposed EU action to tackle migrant deaths in the Mediterranean because it could lead to a common migration policy and let millions of people into Britain . He added that the problem had the potential to be more damaging than the eurozone crisis . Mr Farage will warn that if the EU agrees to give refuge to migrants from North Africa , it could lead to millions being given passports that allow them to move to Britain . ` I think what is happening in Strasbourg is far more significant than anything that has been said by any of the party leaders about immigration ... during this campaign , ' he said . ` They utterly refuse to accept that we are no longer in control of our borders ... ` I 'm quite certain Miliband and Cameron will try and ignore this , so I am going there -LSB- Strasbourg -RSB- to engage in that debate and make sure they can not ignore it . ' He added : ` Are we about to see one of the great Brussels dreams come true ... a common EU immigration policy ? We currently have a net migration figure of 300,000 . Goodness knows what it could be if this happens . ` Potentially EU passports are about to be given to a very large number of people and the British political class in Westminster is powerless . ' Mr Farage 's speech could be his last in the European Parliament if he is elected MP for Thanet South . On a campaign visit to Hartlepool yesterday , he accused the SNP of being ` openly racist ' , adding : ` The anti-English hostility ... is totally extraordinary . '