Late goals , a famous overhead kick and a rare Paul Scholes header are all included in Wayne Rooney 's top five derby days moments ahead of Sunday 's crucial clash . The two sides are locked in a battle with Arsenal for the second automatic Champions League qualification place and neither side know that a defeat could see them slip out of contention . Listed on his website , the Manchester United striker spoke about his most memorable moments , which included FOUR stoppage time winners . Wayne Rooney -LRB- right -RRB- has listed his five most memorable moments of the Manchester derby . 1 -RRB- Manchester United 2-1 Manchester City , February 2011 , Rooney overhead kick . Sir Alex Ferguson 's side recorded a crucial win over their city rivals in the race for the Premier League back in 2011 , and Rooney 's spectacular overhead kick cemented his place in United folklore when it flew into the top corner past the helpless Joe Hart . The England striker could n't quite believe that had happened at full-time : ` It was a massive game for both teams and to score in that way was something I will never forget , the feeling was unbelievable . ` I knew Nani was going to cross it so I was getting ready for an header , then it took a little deflection and come behind me , I never really had time to think and just tried the overhead and thankfully it went in the top corner . ' The England captain scored a spectacular overhead kick to win the derby and keep their title hopes alive . 2 -RRB- Manchester United 4-3 Manchester City , September 2009 , Michael Owen 96 minute winner . In a ding-dong game at Old Trafford , Craig Bellamy scored a late equaliser for the visitors , as the home fans fell silent but with virtually the last kick of the game , Ryan Giggs found Michael Owen , who slotted home past the on-rushing Shay Given . Rooney says it 's a game he 'll never forget : ` It was end to end for a lot of the game and when Craig Bellamy equalised in the 90th minute everyone thought that was it , so when Michael Owen scored in the last few seconds it was an unbelievable moment for both Michael and the team and it 's certainly a moment I will never forget . ' Michael Owen -LRB- right -RRB- scored a 96 minute winner not long after Craig Bellamy had equalised for the visitors . 3 -RRB- Manchester United 3-1 Manchester City , January 2010 , Rooney sends his side to Wembley . Former United striker Carlos Tevez looked like he 'd sent the Carling Cup semi-final into extra-time after cancelling out goals from Paul Scholes and Michael Carrick , but Rooney had other ideas , when he headed home a stoppage time goal and send his side to Wembley . Rooney said : ` To score the decisive goal late on in any game is a special feeling for any player , but to do it in a derby and to send your team into a final makes it even better . ' Rooney scored a stoppage time winner to send United through to the Carling Cup final at Wembley . 4 -RRB- Manchester City 0-1 Manchester United , April 2010 , Scholes heads home last-gasp goal . The midfield maestro 's rare header was the third stoppage time goal United had scored against their rivals in that season , as they kept their title hopes alive in a game they could n't afford to slip-up , which is why Rooney ranks this goal as one of the most important . He said : ` Paul Scholes 's header was vital for us that season and kept us in the title race . At that stage of the season every game is massive , especially when you need to win , so for something like that to happen just when you think the game is coming to an end is incredible . ' Paul Scholes headed home an injury time to keep his side in the hunt for the Premier League title . 5 -RRB- Manchester City 2-3 Manchester United , December 2012 , Van Persie stoppage time free-kick . United 's big signing of the season , Robin van Persie , proved his worth when he fired home a free-kick from the edge of the box for another stoppage time winner , putting Rooney and co six points clear at the top of the Premier League table . ` This was a massive game , they came to Old Trafford as the champions , said Rooney . ` So for Robin to score the winner late on and take us 6 points clear at the top of the table was very important ' . Robin van Persie 's deflected free-kick put United six points clear at the top on their to winning the league .