Countdown co-presenter Rachel Riley was left embarrassed on a recent episode of the show when contestants offered up a rather rude eight-letter word as their answer to the word game . Host Nick Hewer faced a conundrum of his own as he tried , and failed , to stifle his giggles as a blushing Ms Riley spelt out the word ` erection ' . Hewer , who first found fame as Lord Sugar 's sidekick in The Apprentice , was clearly trying not to laugh when Dubliner Gerry Tynan and Anne Lewin , from Brighton , both offered up the double entendre . Scroll down for video . Countdown co-presenter Rachel Riley looked embarassed when the two contestants came up with the same eight-letter double entendre in the word game -LRB- pictured -RRB- as host Nick Hewer failed to stifle his laughter . Fortunately celebrity guest Dr Phil Hammond , who was in dictionary corner with Susie Dent , saved the day with nine letter word ` recondite ' . It is not the first time the show 's host has struggled to contain himself when a rude word has popped up - last year Hairy Biker Dave Myers offered up the seven-letter word ` todgers ' , causing much hilarity among the hosts . In February an English teacher shocked viewers when submitting the word 'm * nges ' , an expletive sometimes used to describe female genitalia . It is not the first time Nick Hewer -LRB- pictured -RRB- has struggled to contain himself when a rude word has popped up . In 1991 , two contestants offered ` w *** ers ' , and in 2010 another suggested 's ** tface ' . In 2010 the presenters looked uneasy when the letters U , D , F , C , K and E all came up in a selection - but luckily the contestants resisted the temptation to go for the obvious and instead submitted the five letter words ` caged ' and ` faced ' . It 's not the first word to have left Rachel Riley blushing . The former Strictly Come Dancing star found herself stifling laughter after drawing the words ` p*ss ' and ` a * se ' shortly after replacing Carol Vorderman in 2009 . During her 26-year stint , Ms Vorderman was left red-faced more than a few times . Words such as fart , porn and poo were among the collection of letters which had the Loose Women star and her co-hosts laughing . The Channel 4 afternoon show , which has been running since the station launched in 1982 , recently picked up a Guinness world record when it reached its 6,000 th episode . The words and number contest was launched with late presenter Richard Whiteley at the helm and has also been fronted by Des Lynam and Jeff Stelling . Countdown is on weekdays at 2.10 pm on Channel 4 . Hairy Biker Dave Myers offered up the seven-letter word ` todgers ' , causing much hilarity among the hosts . When she was a presenter on the show Carol Vorderman was left red-faced when certain words popped up .