The mother of the police officer who was caught on video shooting an unarmed black man in the back as he was running away has broken her silence . Karen Sharpe , the mother of North Charleston Police Officer Michael Slager , defended her son in an interview , saying she can not believe that he would do anything like what he 's accused of . She also revealed that his wife , who is eight months pregnant , is devastated . Ms Sharpe said that she will never watch the video footage of the fatal shooting . This as she also expressed her sympathy for Walter Scott 's family , the man her son shot dead . Scroll down for video . Karen Sharpe -LRB- above -RRB- the mother of North Charleston Police Officer Michael Slager , defended her son in an interview . This as Slager -LRB- mugshot left , force photo right -RRB- is behind bars and has been fired from his job , though he has yet to enter a plea . Sharpe -LRB- above -RRB- said she has not watched the video of the shooting or read any news reports or watched any news coverage of the incident - and does n't plan to . Sharpe also expressed sympathy for Walter Scott 's -LRB- above -RRB- family , noting this event has caused them both to ` change forever ' ` I just ca n't , ' Sharpe told ABC News . ` Maybe to some people , `` Well , you 're being in denial , '' but I 'm sorry I just ca n't . I just - I know how Michael is . ' She went on to say her son loved being an officer . ` I ca n't imagine him doing something , it 's just not like him , ' she said of the shooting . ` That 's just not his character . It 's not . ' As for Slager 's wife , she said that earlier that day the two women had to go for a checkup together to see how her baby is doing . ` She was just so sad because he was not there and I know that he would not do something purposeful to not be able to be with his wife during the delivery , ' Sharpe said of the doctor 's appointment . ` They just tried so hard for this . ' She then added ; ` He has a little baby on the way , due next month , and they worked so hard for this baby . ' The city had previously stated it would continue paying for Mrs. Slager 's health insurance until she gives birth . Ms Sharpe also spoke about the Scott family as she said ; ` Their life will never be the same again and my life will never be the same again . ` Even though they 're not the same things that have happened , I know there are changes in both their family and my family ... and that 's the part that bothers me . They 've changed forever . ' Ultimately , she is putting her trust in her faith , and refuses to believe that she might never see her son a free man again . ` I just have to let it be and hope God takes care of everybody involved -- not only my family but the Scott 's family - because I know they 're grieving just like I 'm grieving , ' she said . The shooting death of Scott by Slager occurred on Saturday morning . At the time , Slager said that Scott was going for his Taser and that he used necessary force . Video footage taken by an eyewitness soon refuted Slager 's claims . Then , when asked about the video footage and if she had seen it yet , Sharpe said : ` No I have not and I have purposely not watched it . ' She continued : ` I have purposely not heard people 's comments about it . I just , I ca n't watch it . ' She also said she is avoiding reading the papers of watching the news . ` I know who Michael is , ' she explained . ` And I do n't know what is being portrayed of him because I have n't listened to them , but he 's a very good person . ' Slager was charged with Scott 's murder on Tuesday and could face the death penalty . He was terminated from the North Charleston police department the following day , with Chief Eddie Riggers telling a press conference that he had watched the video and found it ` sickening ' . Slager has not entered a plea to the murder charge nor commented publicly on the killing last Saturday . This after the shooting was caught on camera by an eyewitness . Slager had reported that Scott was going for his Taser at the time , a claim the video footage refuted . He claimed to have stopped the man for a broken brake light .