Matthew Hall , 25 , climbed onto the balconies in of his victims in Manchester 's fashionable Northern Quarter district and hid . A fantasist prowler who harassed young women , traumatising them after scaling the walls of trendy apartment blocks where they lived , has been banned from the area nearby for five years . Matthew Hall , 25 , climbed onto the balconies in of his victims in Manchester 's fashionable Northern Quarter district and hid , asking when confronted ` am I scaring you ? ' and ` you 're dead sexy - can I come in ? ' In one case he walked into his victim 's bedroom as she slept in the early hours , making off when she switched the light on and saw him . Hall now risks arrest if he enters the area , where each of his terrified victims lived , at any time in the next five years . Jailing him for two years after he admitted two attempted burglaries and one burglary , Judge Martin Rudland said he had ` deliberately targeted vulnerable women ' scaling the walls of buildings ` like a cat burglar of old ' in a series of ` highly suspicious offences ' . Hall stole nothing from the victims . Making the order prohibiting Hall from ` the area known as the Northern Quarter ' , bordered by Shudehill , Church Street , Dale Street and Newton Street , Judge Martin Rudland said ` we need to protect the occupants of flats . ' In the first offence , on June 16 , a teenager , who has been left traumatised by her ordeal , spotted Hall hiding behind a clothes maiden on a balcony of a first floor flat at Silver Jubilee Walk , off Oak Street . When she asked him what he was doing , he sat up and ` appeared scared ' , telling her : ` Do n't phone the police , you do n't need to be scared of me . I 'm just hiding . ' He then lied that police were chasing him , the court heard . The victim led him to the front door but a short time later , having returned to her bedroom , saw him again on the balcony . Hall , of Farnborough Road , Miles Platting , has 45 offences on record for dishonesty , violence and breaches . She angrily approached him and he burst into tears , giving her a false name , before climbing down from the balcony . On June 28 a young woman at Vantage Quay , Brewer Street was watching TV at 3 am when Hall climbed onto her ground floor balcony . In a ten minute ordeal he twice engaged her in conversation by banging on the window and claiming to have been chased . He told her a false name and repeatedly asked her , ` am I scaring you ? ' , quizzed her about whether she lived alone , and told her she was ` dead sexy ' , before asking if he could come in . Balconies of the kind Hall scaled in Manchester 's Northern Quarter district when terrorising his victims . He has been banned from the fashionable Northern Quarter district -LRB- pictured -RRB- for the safety of its residents . Police attended after she called officers from behind a locked door , but twenty minutes after they left she spotted him on another balcony . On July 2 , Hall returned to Silver Jubilee Walk and walked into another young woman 's home via the balcony . She was woken in the early hours after he walked into her bedroom before fleeing . Hall , of Farnborough Road , Miles Platting , has 45 offences on his record for dishonesty , violence and breaches .