The police van in which Freddie Gray supposedly sustained his fatal injuries does not come with a bolt sticking out from the back door , Chevrolet has confirmed . Designs from the car maker show that the Chevrolet Express - the vehicle used by the Baltimore Police Department - is smooth on the inside of both cage doors . Chevrolet spokesman Michael Albano confirmed to Daily Mail Online that the standard issue Chevrolet Express Police Transport Van has bolts that are built into the door and do n't stick out . Mr Albano said that law enforcement agencies are known to customise their own vehicles and that the Baltimore Police Department may have done so to their fleet . The development raises a number of questions about the official account put out by the force which emerged today in a report of its internal investigation into Gray 's death . Scroll down for video . Standard-issue : Pictured above is the Chevrolet Express police van , the vehicle used by Baltimore Police to move around prisoners . No bolts ? The design of the standard van does not seem to show anything for Gray to have hit his head on . Smooth : This photograph from earlier in the week shows a Baltimore Police version of the van , which also appears to have no bolts protruding , such as those referenced in a medical report on Gray 's death . Inside : This is what the Baltimore van looks like inside - Gray was held in the right-hand side . According to the latest police press conference , these are the stops the van made transporting Freddie Gray . And if the Baltimore Police department has customized its vehicles in an unsafe way , they could open themselves up to lawsuits from civil liberties lawyers . In their report ABC News said that there was ` no evidence ' Gray sustained a fatal spine injury during his arrest , which was caught on camera on a street side on April 12 . Instead he supposedly broke his neck after falling head-first whilst being transported in one of the Baltimore Police vans , a Chevrolet Express . Gray 's ` catastrophic ' head injuries were consistent with hitting a bolt ` in the back door of the van ' , the report said . Fatal fall ? The van is pictured above during a previously-undisclosed stop . Dead : Gray is pictured above being arrested by Baltimore officers on the day he severed his spine in custody . According to ABC 's sources Gray was standing in the van and was bent over with his hand cuffed behind his back and his head pointing towards the back door . But a review of official diagrams of the Chevrolet Express Police Transport Van by Daily Mail Online raises a number of issues with this . The picture of the vehicle on the cargo specifications shows the two sets of bolts at the very top and very bottom of the door . This means that even if they had stuck out , Gray would have had to have either been thrown 5ft into the air or have his head right on the floor in order for him to have been hurt . The catalog for the van shows a picture from another angle and makes clear that the only things on the back door are a grille to let air in and the door itself - with no bolt sticking out . A picture taken by the Associated Press of the van in which Gray was carried shows that the right hand side door is smooth and does not have a bolt sticking out of it . The left side is not visible . Not on us : A Chevrolet spokesman told Daily Mail Online that their vans do n't include protruding bolts - but left open the possibility that Baltimore Police modified their vehicle . Chevrolet routinely modifies a number of its vehicles for law enforcement use , a lucrative market for the company . They have proved popular with the public too and the Chevrolet Express is the same vehicle used by Hillary Clinton as her ` Scooby Van ' on the Presidential campaign trail . The brochure for the Chevrolet Express Police Transport Van states that it ` delivers on a grand scale ' and that it seats up to 15 people , including prisoners . There are frontal airbags and head curtain side-impact air bags but only for the front three rows which would be occupied by police . According to Chevrolet , which is owned by General Motors , the vehicle is the ` unmatched capability you need on the job ' . Daily Mail Online has approached the Baltimore Police Department for comment .