Arsenal goalkeeper Wojciech Szczesny had more than one reason to celebrate on Saturday . Just hours after he had played the full 120 minutes it took for the Gunners to grind out a 2-1 win in extra-time over Reading in a tense FA Cup semi-final , Szczesny was treated to a lovely birthday surprise courtesy of his singer-songwriter girlfriend Mariana Luczenko . The Poland international , now 25 , was joined at his home by family and friends as well as one of his favourite rock bands , ` Lemon ' , who delivered a private performance . Wojciech Szczesny is all smiles as he and girlfriend Mariana Luczenko enjoy a drink in their garden . Szczesny is treated to a private birthday performance by Polish band , Lemon , at his home in London . Szczesny is joined by friends and family for a special 25th birthday surprise following the FA Cup semi-final . An impressive spread of food and drink is on offer at Szczesny 's London home as part of his birthday bash . Pictures of Szczesny 's Arsenal career hang from the ceiling in a touching tribute to the goalkeeper . There are also pictures from Szczesny 's childhood and family holidays as the goalkeeper turns 25 . Szczesny was clearly touched by the efforts of his girlfriend and took to Instagram on Monday to thank her . ` Best birthday ever ! ' he wrote . Arsenal 's triumph over Reading sees them reach the FA Cup final for the second consecutive season , having also won the competition last year against Hull City . This year , it will be Tim Sherwood 's Aston Villa who stand between the Gunners and more glory , after they defeated Liverpool in the other semi-final on Sunday . Szczesny joined Arsenal 's academy in 2006 from hometown club Legia Warsaw and graduated to the first-team in three years later . Although he has racked up nearly 200 appearances for the north London outfit since then , this season has raised question marks over Szczesny 's long-term future . He was caught smoking in the wake of Arsenal 's 2-0 Premier League loss at Southampton on New Year 's Day and has only made Cup appearances since then . Factor in the form of fellow goalkeeper David Ospina , who inherited Szczesny 's role in the league and there is a cloud of uncertainty around the Polish stopper . Szczesny prepares to blow out candles on the cake presented to him by his girlfriend . Szczesny makes a wish as the cake his held by Luczenko during the birthday celebrations on Saturday . The Arsenal goalkeeper and his girlfriend pose in front of a pair of balloons during the birthday celebrations .