19 Kids and Counting stars Jessa Duggar and Ben Seewald are both known for being incredibly fitness - and health-conscious , and now that they are expecting their first child , they have to adapt their lifestyle . Jessa , 22 , and her 19-year-old husband Ben announced the the news of their pregnancy ina video for tlc.com , which featured them both making health smoothies , and Jessa has revealed that one of the first things the couple considered after hearing the news was how to adjust her workouts accordingly , to ensure that she can remain fit and active while expecting . Speaking to People magazine , the reality star explained that when it comes to exercising : ` I 'm just trying not to overdo it right now . I am still working out , but not trying to break any records . Scroll down for video . Expecting : Jessa Duggar and her husband Ben Seewald recently revealed that she is pregnant with their first child . Announcement : The baby is due on November 1 , which is also the date of Ben and Jessa 's first wedding anniversary . ` I want to gain a little less weight and not stress out about it . I do want to make sure that I 'm eating healthy . You are eating for two but the other is , like , a speck . I am trying to make healthy choices now that I 'm entering my second trimester . ' The pair , who married after a chaste courtship , are well-known for their health-conscious lifestyle and are often seen on the Duggars ' hit reality series enjoying healthy dinners or working out together , something which viewers saw frequently during the build-up to the couple 's wedding , during which time Jessa was incredibly keen to trim down her already-toned physique . A recent episode of the show even saw Jessa pushing Ben 's truck down the road while wearing workout pants covered with knee-length skirts to maintain their ` standard of modesty ' . Jessa also frequently posts recipes and photos of healthy foods she 's trying out on Instagram . Juiced up : Jessa and Ben are both champions of healthy eating , and even announced their pregnancy in an adorable video while making smoothies . Push it along : While getting ready for her wedding , Jessa stepped up her workout , part of which involved pushing her fiance 's truck down a dirt road with her siblings inside . Interesting attire : The women in the religious Duggar family wear skirts over their workout pants to maintain their ` standard of modesty ' As for her pregnancy diet , when Jessa discovered the news , she said that she thought she would take after other Duggar mothers when it came to her pregnancy cravings , but admitted that this has n't been the case . ` I am feeling pretty good , ' she added to People . ` I thought I 'd crave pickles and lemons because my mother did , but I could n't stand them . ` I 'm hoping I 'm having triplets because I 've been eating so much ! ' However , Jessa does admit she will be looking to her older sister Jill for advice , as the 23-year-old just welcomed a son Israel with husband Derick Dillard on April 6 , and is also a trained midwife . Jill kept up her exercise during the later months of pregnancy by walking on the treadmill while listening to sermons . 70 hours later : Jessa 's sister Jill Dillard -LRB- pictured -RRB- welcomed her son Israel on April 6 with her husband Derick after almost three full days of labor . Busy 2015 for the Duggars : Three women in the family were pregnant at once including Jill Dillard -LRB- l -RRB- , Jessa -LRB- r -RRB- and their older brother Josh 's wife Anna -LRB- c -RRB- . Ben and Jessa plan to hire a midwife and have the baby at home , but understand that things do not always go to plan . Jessa added that she is not dwelling on the intense 70-hour labor her sister Jill went through earlier this month , insisting that ` Every birth story is unique . ' The baby , who is due on Jessa and Ben 's one year wedding anniversary , will be the sixth grandchild for Jessa 's parents Jim Bob and Michelle Duggar after Jill 's new addition and eldest Duggar son Josh 's three children young and one more expected in June . Ben , who has worked in property maintenance for Duggar patriarch Jim Bob and has aspirations to enter the ministry , has apparently been waiting on his wife ` hand and foot ' .