Head teacher Peter Gale been sacked for ` inappropriate ' and ` unprofessional ' behaviour . The first male headteacher at an all-girls grammar school has been sacked for ` inappropriate ' and ` unprofessional ' behaviour less than two years after taking up the post . Peter Gale was fired from his position at high-performing Nonsuch High School for Girls in Cheam , Surrey , due to ` serious breaches ' in safeguarding procedures . He was appointed to run the school , which counts singer Katie Melua amongst its alumnae , in September 2013 after the mysterious departure of its previous head , Karin Rowsell . In a letter to parents , the chairman of the governing body , Tony Hyams-Parish , said : ` The governing body has terminated Peter Gale 's employment at Nonsuch High School for Girls due to serious breaches in applying safeguarding procedures and instances of unprofessional and inappropriate conduct . ` As you can imagine , this was not an easy decision . ` Especially because we recognise that since Peter 's appointment there have been many positive changes within the school led by Peter and the senior leadership team . ` However , the governing body and staff take their safeguarding responsibilities towards students very seriously and , importantly , any breaches of safeguarding procedures , and have therefore acted promptly to address these matters . ' Carol Dickie , the school 's bursar said the education of the 1,200 pupils would be unaffected by the sacking but did not elaborate on the allegations . The soon will soon start the process of recruiting a new headteacher and in the interim deputy head Tracey Hartley will fill the position . Mr Gale moved to the school after working as the deputy headteacher at Rosebery School in Epsom where he was responsible for curriculum , data and timetabling . He was also seconded to George Abbot School in Guildford as part of its executive team . Well-known alumnae from the school include Olympic cycling champion Joanna Rowsell -LRB- left -RRB- and singer Katie Melua . His contract at Nonsuch High School for Girls -LRB- pictured -RRB- in Cheam , Surrey , was terminated due to ` serious breaches ' in safeguarding procedures .