It 's a skill more often seen performed by US Navy squadron the Blue Angels or the British Red Arrows . But in this incredible video , one passenger captured the moment two passenger aircraft landed perfectly in sync at San Francisco International Airport . As the two planes exit the cloud and approach the runway , this quick-witted passenger realised his seat was the perfect spot to video the respective landings . The two planes begin their descent simultaneously at San Francisco Airport . In astonishing video captured by a passenger on one of the planes , both aircrafts ' wheels touch the tarmac at the same time . What resulted was the planes , one an American Airlines , landing at the same time on adjacent runways . As well as the two measuring their approach almost identically , the wheels touch the tarmac simultaneously . Richard Toomer , from the British Airline Pilots Association -LRB- BALPA -RRB- , told MailOnline Travel : ` What we 're seeing here is ` Closely Spaced Parallel Runway operations ' in practice -- a safe and normal procedure at airports around the world . ` San Francisco has two pairs of parallel runways , separated by just 750 feet . Other airports such as Atlanta and Sydney have similar runway configurations and operations . The two planes come through the clouds to begin their similar descent to the ground . ` Although pilots are used to this type of approach , it does result in a very interesting view out of the window for passengers . ' Plane landings are seen by many as a work of art in themselves for many tourists and enthusiasts alike . Probably the most famous , and incredible , is the landings of passenger planes on the Caribbean island of Saint Martin . On board it was silent , which helped the person videoing maintain their concentration to film the scene . Approaching Princess Juliana International Airport , aircraft come astonishingly close to those relaxing on Maho Beach that makes for terrific footage . Maho Beach is located on the Dutch side of the Caribbean island of Saint Martin , in the territory of Sint Maarten . Aircraft are forced to land so close to the beach so as to touch down near the start of the short Runway 10 , which is 2,300 metres in length . As a result the area is popular with plane spotters and many of the surrounding bars and restaurants on the beach display airline departure and arrival timetables . The plane landings at Saint Martin 's Princess Juliana International Airport have become legendary worldwide .