The Sigma Alpha Epsilon -LRB- SAE -RRB- fraternity at Clemson University in South Carolina has been put on probation for two years after the group held a Christmas theme party that flared up racial tensions on campus . The ` Cripmas ' party , held last December , had white students throwing stereotypical gang symbols while dressed in red and blue bandanas , T-shirts with images of the late rapper Tupac Shakur and fake ` thug ' tattoos . The party was also reportedly attended by female students from several sororities . Photos from the party flooded social media and were accompanied by comments such as : ` Merry Cripmas to all , and all a hood night . ' The Sigma Alpha Epsilon -LRB- SAE -RRB- fraternity at Clemson University in South Carolina has been put on probation for two years after the group held a Christmas theme party that flared up racial tensions on campus . Clemson University president , James Clements -LRB- right -RRB- , speaks with students protesting last December 's frat party which caused outrage for its perpetuation of stereotypes . The party , organized by several SAE members , was held off-campus at a private residence . ` Cripmas ' appeared to be a reference to a primarily African-American gang , The Crips , founded in California . The incident caused a backlash as black students protested and said Clemson did n't do enough to promote racial tolerance . About 6 percent of Clemson 's students are black . All SAE activity was suspended by Clemson indefinitely following the inappropriate theme party . Several SAE members resigned from positions and have been suspended from the fraternity . An internal investigation found that the fraternity violated alcohol rules and student conduct codes . It will be on probation until February 2017 . Clemson University president , James Clements , sent an email to students last December making clear that the party was not sanctioned by the university and that such events would not be tolerated . White students dressed in red and blue bandanas , T-shirts with images of the late rapper Tupac Shakur and sported fake ` thug ' tattoos . Clements wrote : ` At a time of year when our thoughts are turning to family , holidays and the start of a new year -- all the things that unite us and bring us joy -- it is discouraging that so many events and issues are causing division and hurt , and making many students feel unwanted at this great university . ` It hurts to read disrespectful and just plain mean comments in social media . Last night 's `` Cripmas '' party , which the university did not sanction , raised more concerns about the campus climate . Clemson is better than this . He added : ` Everyone is entitled to his or her own opinion about events in Ferguson , Staten Island and the protest rallies that those events have spawned . Great universities are built on the free expression and exploration of ideas . ` But the free expression of opinion must not cross the line and become harassment or intimidation , just as rallies and protest marches must not cross the line to lawlessness . ' A Sigma Alpha Epsilon chapter at the University of Oklahoma was disbanded last month after members were taped singing a racist song . The national organization did n't respond to messages seeking comment . Photos from the party flooded social media and were accompanied by comments such as : ` Merry Cripmas to all , and all a hood night '