A British couple face being stranded in Spain for at least three months after their baby boy was born 12 weeks prematurely during a family holiday . Karla Hornby said she thought she was going to die when she gave birth to baby Freddie , weighing just 2 lbs , by emergency caesarean section while on holiday in Benidorm with her partner Jordan Jackson . The couple have now been told they will have to stay in Spain for at least three months while Freddie builds up his strength . But Mr Jackson , 21 , a soldier in the army 's Royal Logistics corps , who has served in Afghanistan , is meant to report back for service tomorrow . Stranded : Karla Hornby and Jordan Jackson are facing the prospect of spending three months in Spain while their baby boy Freddie builds up his strength . Ms Hornby also has a daughter Charlie , seven -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Premature : Freddie weighed just 2 lbs after being born by emergency caesarean section while on holiday in Benidorm . His mother has spoken of her surprise after suddenly going into labour 12 weeks prematurely . The pair had travelled to the Spanish resort for a final relaxing break before Ms Hornby was due to give birth in three months ' time . Ms Hornby , who is already a mum to seven-year-old Charlie , had been cleared to fly by medical staff but was given a surprise when she suddenly went into labour . The 29-year-old said : ` On Saturday we were relaxing by the pool when my waters suddenly broke - I was in complete and utter shock . ' She was taken to hospital , where doctors found that she was already 2 cm dilated and transferred her to a bigger hospital . ` Jordan was n't allowed in the ambulance with me and the staff did n't speak any English so I had no idea what was going on - my contractions were getting stronger , ' Ms Hornby added . Costly trip : Freddie 's family from Bolton , Greater Manchester , have so far been able to use insurance to pay for medical costs but they are now facing the prospect of supporting themselves in Spain for three months . Shocked : Ms Hornby thought she was going to die when she gave birth three months prematurely . ` In hospital I was bleeding heavily - it was the scariest thing that has ever happened to me . ` I had one big contraction and bled heavily , so they rushed me to theatre - I was shaking and I could n't breathe , I thought I was going to die . ' An emergency c-section was performed but the couple were n't able to see Freddie until the following evening . She said : ` I could n't stop crying , I was so relieved that he was OK but he just looked so small - I was desperate to pick him up . ' The family from Bolton , Greater Manchester , have been able to use insurance to pay for medical costs but have already had to pay £ 1,000 for a hotel . They are now facing the prospect of supporting themselves in Spain for at least three months as Freddie gains the strength needed to fly home . Their family and friends are doing everything they can to raise money to help and a funding website has already raised more than £ 900 . Mr Jackson 's mother , Vickie Cunliffe , said : ` It has been so frightening for everyone - we are just trying to think of as many ways as possible to raise money to help them . ' Ms Hornby 's best friend Lisa Johnston said : ` We just want as many people as possible to get in touch and do what they can to help them survive over there . ' To donate to the funding page , visit www.gofundme.com/st3kxfk  . Katie Amos , 30 , with her fiancé Lee Johnston , 29 , and their son Dax . The couple 's baby boy arrived unexpectedly after Ms Amos went into labour prematurely while the pair were sightseeing in New York . The case of little Freddie is not the first time a premature baby born abroad has left a couple stranded . Earlier this year fellow British couple Katie Amos , 30 , and fiancé Lee Johnston , 29 , got stuck in New York with a £ 130,000 medical bill after their baby son was born 11 weeks prematurely while they were on a four-day getaway . The couple welcomed son Dax unexpectedly after Ms Amos went into labour while sightseeing in the Big Apple . The pair , whose son weighed just 3 lbs , were told by doctors the newborn was not able to fly back to the family home in Burgh-le-Marsh , Lincolnshire , until March . American doctors said the pair 's medical bills would reach £ 130,000 -LRB- $ 200,000 -RRB- , leaving the couple stranded overseas with limited clothes and money .