Exactly 19 years ago on Wednesday , Kathy Bush made national headlines when she was arrested and accused of deliberately making her 9-year-old daughter ill for attention . All grown up , Kathy 's now 27-year-old daughter Jennifer spoke out for the first time on the anniversary , saying she has repaired her relationship with her mother and believes she was never abused . ` Jennifer made it very clear : She thinks her mother never abused her , ' Fort Lauderdale lawyer Robert Buschel , who defended Kathy in her criminal trial and released Jennifer 's statement on Wednesday , told the Sun Sentinel . Scroll down for video . Ripped apart : In 1996 , at the age of 9 , Jennifer Bush was taken from her family after her mother Kathy -LRB- right -RRB- was accused of making her ill on purpose . Jennifer spent the first years of her life in and out of hospitals , as doctors struggled to find a solution to her near chronic illness that caused digestive issues and seizures . Chronically ill : In the first years of her life , Jennifer was in and out of the hospital as she battled chronic illness . A health care worker later reported Kathy Bush to authorities , suspecting the woman of purposefully poisoning her daughter with extra doses of medicine . Faced with mounting medical bills , Kathy started lobbying for health care reform and would often speak publicly and with publications about her family 's battle to take care of Jennifer . Kathy even visited the Clinton White House to raise awareness of the issue . Then , in 1995 , a health care worker reported to police suspicions that Kathy may have been intentionally making Jennifer sick by giving her extra doses of medicine . Police and child welfare authorities launched an investigation , and after a year amounted enough evidence to arrest Kathy on child abuse charges . Kathy 's lawyer blames the investigation on Menchausen Syndrome by Proxy - a syndrome that had grown in notoriety at the time of his client 's arrest . Those with the syndrome enact pain on others in order to draw pity and attention to themselves . After the arrest , Jennifer was taken from her family and put in foster care where she remained until she was 18 . After a long legal battle , a jury in 1999 found Kathy guilty of aggravated child abuse and sentenced the mother of three to five years in prison . She served three years and was released in June 2005 . Still the two were not allowed to see each other until Jennifer left foster care , at which point she was an adult . Against the odds , the two were able to repair their relationship and they now live close to each other in Georgia . While Jennifer declined to speak on camera about her life today , she issued a statement to news station WPLG , revealing the fact that she is now married to her high school sweetheart and working as a social worker . ' -LSB- Nineteen -RSB- years ago today , on April 15 , 199 -LSB- 6 -RSB- , my life was changed forever . That was the day that I was taken from my home and my family , but that day has not changed how close my family continues to be . ` The ten years I spent in Foster Care were traumatic , and I had some devastating things happen to me . ` However , I persevered because of all of the angels that were there for me during these difficult times . These people helped shaped the women I have become today . ` Today , I can proudly say my family is extremely close knit . We have flourished despite the devastating separation ... My parents and I have picked up from where we left off , and have a very close and loving relationship . ' When asked for comment , Kathy Bush issued her own one-sentence statement : ` We are very proud of Jennifer and our sons , they have all grown up to be fine adults and dedicated their lives to serving others . ' -LSB- Nineteen -RSB- years ago today , on April 15 , 199 -LSB- 6 -RSB- , my life was changed forever . That was the day that I was taken from my home and my family , but that day has not changed how close my family continues to be . The ten years I spent in Foster Care were traumatic , and I had some devastating things happen to me . However , I persevered because of all of the angels that were there for me during these difficult times . These people helped shaped the women I have become today . Today , I can proudly say my family is extremely close knit . We have flourished despite the devastating separation . The bond I had with my brothers , prior to being removed from my family , is something that never changed . My relationship with them helped carry me through my years in foster care . My parents and I have picked up from where we left off , and have a very close and loving relationship . Today , I am living my dream as a social worker , and changing the lives of the children , and families I am working with today . I am married to my high school sweetheart , who has walked along side me for the past ten years . I get a lot of joy making memories with my family , and making a difference in my community . Although this is n't always a happy anniversary , it is a day to celebrate my family and who we are today . My message to foster children : . Growing up in the foster care is n't an easy task . Actually , the odds are often against you to be succeed in life . I challenge you to rise up against those odds , and be the very best you can be with the circumstances you are facing . Do n't be ashamed or embarrassed to get the extra help that is offered , you will be thankful that you did in the future . There were many times that it would have been easier to give up , but its persevering against the odds that makes it even more fulfilling . Speak up for yourself , be your biggest advocate , and be proactive . At the end of the day we owe it to ourselves . Do n't let your current circumstance shape your future , and never doubt yourself ! With respect , . Jennifer Bush .