George Osborne has refused to rule out further cuts to child benefit if the Conservatives win a second term . The Chancellor appeared to leave the door open when asked if he would be ` depriving more families ' of the payments which are worth more than £ 1,000 per year . More than a million households lost out when the Coalition announced that families with one parent earning £ 50,000 would pay tax on child benefit . Earners over £ 60,000 lost out altogether . Scroll down for video . Chancellor George Osborne , pictured visiting the Red Cone Cafe in Stourbridge , refused to rule out further cuts to child benefit if the Conservatives win a second term . The controversial measure , brought in two and a half years ago as part of the Government 's austerity programme , was criticised for penalising single-earner families and stay-at-home mothers . It meant anyone earning less than £ 50,000 -- even a couple on £ 49,000 each - still received the full entitlement of £ 20.70 a week for the first child , and £ 13.70 for every subsequent child . Mr Osborne was asked at a briefing in central London on the economy this morning whether he could ` rule out depriving more people of child benefit , like you 've already done in this Parliament ? ' The Conservatives say they would cut £ 30billion of spending if they win a second term . Of this £ 12billion would be slashed from the welfare bill , with the rest from government departments and further cracking down on tax avoidance . While the Prime Minister has given a commitment to protect the state pension , few other savings have been set out apart from reducing the cap on a family 's annual benefits from £ 26,000 to £ 23,000 . Mr Osborne did not directly answer about reducing the threshold , only saying that child benefit would not be replaced by the new benefits system Universal Credit , which is being rolled out nationally . The respected think tank the Institute for Fiscal Studies have suggested that increasing Universal Credit for some families and using it instead of child benefit could save £ 4.8 billion a year . The Chancellor said : ` You can judge us on our record in this Parliament . If we wanted to put child benefit into Universal Credit we would have done it when we set up Universal Credit . ` We 've got a track record , we 've got a plan based on clear principles of making work pay , sharpening work incentives . ' Asked again why he did not rule out any type of child benefit cuts , he said : ` I 've given you a very clear answer . We 've created a welfare system where child poverty is down , inequality is down , we have a record low number of workless households and what we are doing is creating welfare system where it pays to work and we protect the most vulnerable . ` We are going to carry on doing that in the next Parliament . But we ca n't do any of these things without economic security and a growing economy . ' Mr Osborne was asked at a briefing in central London on the economy this morning whether he could ` rule out depriving more people of child benefit , like you 've already done in this Parliament ? ' The Chancellor said the Coalition had saved £ 21billion in this Parliament , and the ` same principles ' would apply if his party win a second term -- with further reforms to welfare . The Chancellor said the Coalition had saved £ 21billion in this Parliament , and the ` same principles ' would apply if his party win a second term -- with further reforms to welfare . ` This is perfectly achievable and anyone who thinks that the job of reforming welfare has somehow been completed , I think , is mistaken . ` We want to go on creating a welfare system which rewards work and the aspirations of families and protect the most vulnerable ' , he said . It is widely speculated that the Conservatives could restrict child benefit to just two children , to save around £ 2billion a year . Work and Pensions secretary Iain Duncan Smith is sympathetic to the idea . He recently said it was ` well worth looking at ' and could save ` significant money ' and help with ` behaviour change ' by forcing couples to think carefully about whether they could afford to have another child . It was not seriously considered in this Parliament due to opposition from the Liberal Democrats and David Cameron appeared to reject it last year amid concerns it would alienate low-income families . The event attended by Mr Osborne , and Treasury minister David Gauke and Priti Patel was an analysis of the Labour 's party fiscal plans , if Ed Miliband gets into Downing Street . He claimed the Labour party would ` never ' eliminate the budget deficit -- unlike Tory plans to run a surplus by 2020 -- because they would borrow billions of pounds every year and not cut spending . ` When the economy 's growing , and we 're not in recession , we should be raising more than we spend ' , he said . ` That 's the way , proven around the world , to bear down on your national debt and best prepare yourself for any future economic storms . Fixing the roof while the sun is shining . ` The Labour Party do n't want to do that , they only talked about balancing the current , day to day , spending while continuing to borrow to pay for capital spending . What they do n't tell you is that means a permanent , never-ending budget deficit . ' Labour 's shadow chief secretary to the Treasury Chris Leslie said Mr Osborne had put middle income families in the firing line . He said : ` The Tories wo n't admit where their £ 12 billion of welfare cuts will come from , but after this press conference it 's now clear middle income families are in the firing line . ` George Osborne repeatedly refused to rule out rolling child benefit into universal credit . This would mean 4.3 million families losing over £ 1,000 a year , according to the independent Institute for Fiscal Studies . ' An aide to Mr Osborne played down suggestions the Conservatives were planning changes to child benefit . 4a , .