Iona Costello 's stepson , George Costello Jr , 45 , was staying nearby at the time . He also has a long history of drug arrests -LRB- mugshot from April -RRB- . The stepson of a Long Island mother who went missing with her daughter last month has a long criminal record and was jailed again just days after she disappeared , a report suggests . George Costello Jr is currently in jail in Florida on apparently unrelated charges and has been described by relatives as a ` mixed-up ' kid . ' Iona Costello , 51 , and daughter Emily were visiting Manhattan when they were last seen on March 30 near their home in the the wealthy seaside village of Greenport . Their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in Manhattan , but the pair , who often went into the city for theater and art museums , left no other trace of their whereabouts . Iona 's husband died in 2012 from a heart attack , and she is believed to have been ` under a lot of stress ' because of a legal battle with four of his five adult children from previous marriages . The New York Daily News have reported Iona 's stepson Costello Jr , 45 , was visiting Hamptons Bay , New York , at the time , and relatives said he has never got on with the family . He has a long history of drug arrests and is currently in Palm Beach Detention Center following an arrest for a ` domestic dispute ' when he returned to Florida . His fiance , who wanted to remain anonymous , told the Daily News it was a ` weird coincidence ' , but insists she was with him the whole time . Speaking from the prison , he told the newspaper he was visiting his Hampton Bay home at the time and flew home on April 1 , two days after the pair went missing . George Jr , who has at least 10 arrests to his name , according to court records , says he did n't have a close relationship with Iona . He said the last time the pair spoke was at his father and her husband 's funeral . ` She 's a hardworking lady who loves her horses and takes care of them really well . She 's a good mother , ' he told the Daily News . Scroll down for video . Iona Costello , 51 , and daughter Emily were visiting Manhattan when they were last seen on March 30 near their home in the the wealthy Long Island village of Greenport . Iona 's mother , Diana Malcomson , also insisted George Jr would n't want to harm the pair , but said he was a ` mixed-up kid ' . Her brother-in-law is also facing a criminal case . John Costello , is facing vehicular manslaughter charges after he allegedly drove his pickup truck into oncoming traffic last December in Greenport , New York . Iona 's brother-in-law John Costello , is facing vehicular manslaughter charges after he allegedly drove his pickup truck into oncoming traffic last December in Greenport , New York . Relatives of the ` quiet Irish family ' , who own a horse farm on Long Island 's North Fork , reported them missing on Tuesday . Iona , who was her late husband George 's third wife and inherited his entire estate along with her daughter , had been ` under a lot of stress ' because of a legal battle with four of his five adult children from previous marriages . ` She ca n't sell anything . She ca n't do anything because everything is in court , ' an unidentified relative told the New York Daily News . ` I do n't know if she 's having a nervous breakdown . I do n't know if somebody has kidnapped them , ' the unidentified family member said of the Costellos ' long absence from their home and farm . Costello 's adult children have argued that the will granting the estate to Iona was improperly executed , according to Novick Law Group . A Long Island court sided with the adult children last year , and Iona Costello is appealing . Amanda Hurwitz , one of George 's daughters who now lives in Connecticut , refused to comment to Daily Mail Online on the report or her stepmother 's disappearance . The widow 's trip into New York was originally only supposed to last for several days . ` She said she was going to Manhattan for Easter , ' Iona 's mother Diana Malcolmson , 80 , told Daily Mail Online . Iona Costello 's husband George , the co-owner of Costello Marine in Greenport , died from a heart attack in 2012 . The grandmother , who lives in nearby Shelter Island , New York , said police told her that surveillance footage from the parking garage showed Mrs Costello and Emily walking away from their car on March 30 , holding suitcases and laughing . She said that she spoke regularly with her daughter , but had not heard about any plans for extended vacations . While trips into New York were fairly normal , Emily being out of school is not . The ninth grader had been scheduled to return to Ross School in East Hampton from her Spring Break this past Tuesday . Police have reportedly told Iona 's mother there is surveillance video of them leaving a parking garage laughing . The mother had told workers at her farm that she would be ` back on Tuesday ' but did not return on March 31st , April 7th or April 14th . Workers at the horse farm say it is strange for Mrs Costello not to be in contact with them about raising the animals . Southold police Chief of Police Martin Flatley told Daily Mail Online that his force does not expect any foul play . He said that he does not currently have any hard evidence to point to the mother and daughter being in danger . Relative Jane Costello said that calls to both Iona 's and Emily 's phones go straight to voicemail .