The leader of France 's far-right has been named one of Time magazine 's 100 most influential people alongside President Barack Obama , Pope Francis and Kanye West . National Front leader Marine Le Pen , 46 , who took over from her father in 2011 , says it shows that her party 's brand of political change is getting attention on both sides of the Atlantic . In an interview before a dinner in honour of the Time 100 ion New York on Tuesday , the leader of the staunchly anti-immigration Front spoke of representing a ` great political force ' . Anti-immigrant honoured : The leader of right-wing National Front , Marine Le Pen , 46 , said being one of the Time 100 , shows that her party 's brand of political change is getting attention on both sides of the Atlantic . ` People are taking note of the political upheavals that are happening , a great political force that I represent tonight - and that tomorrow can perhaps change the face of decisions that are made not just in France , but perhaps in Europe , ' Le Pen said . The recognition comes at an eventful time for Le Pen , who recently announced she would oppose her father , Jean-Marie Le Pen , on his candidacy in France 's regional elections in December . Earlier this month , Le Pen Snr , who founded National Front in 1972 , infuriated his daughter with a series of racist and anti-Semitic remarks . The 86-year-old had repeated his claim that the Holocaust was ` a detail of history ' and had also praised France 's wartime leader Marshal Petain , who collaborated with Hitler . This angered Marine , who said she would not back him in the elections and accused him of ` political suicide ' . Far-right views : Before The Time 100 gala in New York , the leader of the staunchly anti-immigration Front spoke of representing a ` great political force ' in Europe . Family feud : Marine , who took over leadership of the party from her father Jean-Marie , 86 , in 2011 recently accused him of ` political suicide ' after he repeated his claim that the Holocaust was ` a detail of history ' After this , Jean-Marie Le Pen told French publication Le Figaro that he was withdrawing his candidacy in the south-east Provence-Alpes-Cote d'Azur region ` even though I think I am the best candidate ' . The former paratrooper said it was because the party was at risk of being ` dangerously weakened ' over what he called a severe but unjustified crisis over his comments . Mr Le Pen , who remains the Front 's honorary president , said the best replacement candidate would be his grand-daughter Marion Marechal-Le Pen , 25 , who confirmed shortly after that she would seek the party 's nomination . Marine Le Pen declined Tuesday to discuss what she thought would be an appropriate punishment but said the party ` can no longer be the hostage of views that are personal views and that certainly contradict the political action of the National Front . ' Influential : Rapper Kanye West and his wife , reality TV star Kim Kardashian-West are both on the list . Proud : Mia Farrow and her son Ronan Farrow both attended the Time 100 Gala , in New York last night . Celebrated : Actors Bradley Cooper and Emma Watson are deep in conversation at the bash . Since taking over from her father in 2011 , Le Pen has pushed to rid the party of its extreme right-wing past and recast it as a voter-friendly option for people frustrated with France 's direction and traditional parties . As many as 90 National Front members hold some of France 's more than 4,100 local council seats , and Marine Le Pen is a prospective 2017 presidential candidate . Both France 's governing Socialists and conservative party , known as the UMP , have sounded alarm calls about what France 's future would be under the National Front , which opposes immigration , the European Union and what it perceives as the ` Islamization ' of France . Influential : Laverne Cox , Kim Kardashian West and Naomi Campbell attend TIME 100 Gala .