There 's always that one friend who with the swirl of a wine glass will leave you in awe of their sophisticated wine skills . Yet unless you grew up on a vineyard or had a wise wino whisper the secrets of their connoisseuring ways , it 's likely you do n't know the distinct differences between a Cabernet Sauvignon and a Merlot and tend to swallow more than you spit it out at a wine tasting . Dr Alex Russell , a Sydney-based University lecturer who has worked in the wine retail industry for over 10 years -LRB- with a claim to fame selling the last $ 26,000 bottle of Glenfiddich in the world -RRB- and whose completed a PhD on ` the taste and smell perception of wine ' , shares his advice for wowing winos with your knowledge . Top tips : Dr Alex Russell shares his tips for mastering wine tasting in four hours . 1 . SET ASIDE AT LEAST FOUR HOURS . As part of his research study , Russell would have people come into the lab every day to smell and taste lots of wines . ` In most cases , they would be in the lab for an hour and would n't learn much , ' he said . ` However when participants stayed 30 minutes longer they showed signs of improvement and after four hours , they were doing well and got the hang of tasting . ' 2 . TRY DIFFERENT TYPES . ` No expert has become an expert by only drinking their favourite wine , ' says Russell . ` Branch out , be willing to try wine by the glass rather than buying a whole bottle and try wines made from different grapes , regions or countries . ' Name that note : The main skill wine experts have believes Russell , is an ability to put a name to the odour or scent . 3 . TASTE THEM SIDE-BY-SIDE . While we have a distinct memory for smell , just like other types of memory , we can often be prone to forgetting too , according to Russell . ` Instead of relying on your memory to compare the wine you 're drinking now verse the the one you tried last week , open up a few different bottles at the same time so you can compare them directly . ' 4 . SHUT YOUR EYES . The main skill wine experts have believes Russell , is an ability to put a name to the odour or scent . ` Wines that smell like blackcurrant might not actually be made from or with blackcurrant and do n't look like blackcurrant so it can be hard to identify a smell when you ca n't visually associate it with the source , ' he said . ` In fact these wines contain chemicals that , when isolated , smell very much like blackcurrant . ' So Russell suggests going through your pantry with a friend and picking out various herbs and fruits . ` Smell and taste the ingredients with your eyes closed and try to identify them . Then learn from feedback - it might be hard at first but you 'll improve over time . ' 5 . IF IN DOUBT , ADD YOUR OWN FLAVOURS AND SMELLS . ` If you 're not sure what peach tastes like in a Chardonnay , then add a little bit of syrup from a can of peaches to your next glass to gain an idea of what the flavour tastes like in wine , ' suggests Russell . ` Gradually reduce the amount you put in until you can identify that flavour without any additive . ' Russell says there are now hundreds of possible odours and flavours that can come in a glass of wine , such as chocolate , green olive , eucalyptus and coffee . 6 . KNOW THE LINGO . Even if you 're are a food or perfume expert , learning wine and its lingo is a whole other thing , according to Russell . ` Wine expertise is all about linking an odour or flavour with its recognised name . Experts will share information using similar terms whereas novices generally ca n't describe wines very well and do n't know the experts ' tasting terms . ' 7 . DO N'T WORRY ABOUT HAVING A ` SUPERNOSE ' OR MOUTH . In examining a range of studies , Russell says there is no apparent difference between the smelling sensitivity of every day people verse seasoned pros . ` Essentially wine experts smell and taste the same but they 're better at processing the information , ' he said . ` Similarly , chess experts can look at the same board as their less experienced counterparts but can determine which pieces are immediately relevant more quickly -- it 's all about having a processing advantage . ' Forget about having a ` supernose ' : ` Essentially wine experts smell and taste the same but they 're better at processing the information , ' says Dr Russell . 8 . START WITH CHEAP WINE , BUT DO N'T STICK TO IT . While price is n't the only indicator of quality , Russell believes that it is often the case that the more expensive wines reflect better where they come from . ` Plus learning about wine regions is part of being an expert , ' he adds . 9 . READ AND TASTE . ` Wine experts are n't just good at tasting wines , they also know a lot about how it 's made , where it 's made and all the other important details you would find in a wine book , ' said Russell . Cheers : ` As long as you have a working nose and mouth , you can become a wine expert ' 10 . DO N'T GIVE UP IF YOU MAKE A MISTAKE . ` A lot of people avoid wine-tasting games because they are afraid to fail , ' said Russell . But it 's okay to make mistakes . According to Russell , a famous French experiment in which white wine was artificially coloured red with odourless dye was once able to undermine a series of seasoned experts . ` This study highlighted the impact our thoughts and expectations have on what we taste in a wine -- it 's almost like they `` drank the wine with their eyes , ; '' he said . ` As long as you have a working nose and mouth , you can become a wine expert , ' assures Russell . ` Just begin - you 'll start to see improvements after a few hours . And even if you do n't want to become a serious expert , being able to describe a wine or understand a description of a wine is handy . And besides , it 's a lot of fun ! , ' he adds .