A Florida university is investigating the death of a student who drowned in Daytona Beach to determine whether or not hazing was involved . Bethune-Cookman University student Damian Parks , 22 , was reported missing after going swimming with student s at 3 am on Sunday and students who were with him said strong currents pulled Parks out to sea . His body was found Monday morning . Students who were with Parks , who were all part of a step team called Melodic Stepping Experience , which formed last year , said no hazing was involved . Bethune-Cookman University student Damian Parks , 22 , drowned in Daytona Beach on Sunday after going for a swim with friends at 3 am . He was pulled out to see by a strong current and his body was later found on Monday morning . But Bethune-Cookman University is investigating Parks death after university administration ` heard rumors ' that hazing was involved . Parks and the men he was swimming with were part of a step team called Melodic Stepping Experience , which formed last year . A Bethune-Cookman spokeswoman Keisha Boyd said that the university administration had ` heard rumors ' about hazing and that Volusia County Beach Safety Ocean Rescue is investigating the student 's death , according to the Daytona Beach News-Journal . Parks ' mother , Carolyn Parks , said she did n't know why her son would decide to swim in the ocean . ` I do n't know why it happened , why he would go into the water like this , because he is not a good swimmer , ' she told WESH 2 . ` And I had talked to him just before he came out here and he told me he was tired and was going to rest , not knowing he was going to come out here to the beach . ' Damian Parks is the second son Carolyn Parks has had to mourn in recent months . Her 16-year-old son died in Miami six months ago . Parks was with four other men in about 5ft of water near Sun Splash Park when he lost grip of a friend 's clothing and a the current pulled him out to sea , according to a U.S. Coast Guard report . Parks ' friends said that there was ` no foul play at all ' and that is was not hazing . They added that the group was ` having fun ' and that Parks had not been drinking before the incident . Uamil Turner , who was at the beach , said ` it was n't hazing ' , and he was unsure where the rumor came from . Marquise Nelson , who was also at the beach with Parks , said that there ` was no foul play at all ' . ` Damian did n't do anything he did n't want to do , and everyone knew that , ' Nelson told the News-Journal . ` Everyone was having fun . ' Parks friends said that the student had not been drinking the night he drowned nor was he impaired in any way . Deputy Chief Ray Manchester of Volusia County Beach Safety Ocean Rescue said there 's no sign of hazing in the incident and that the men had , however , been out bar-hopping before going for a swim . He added that he believed ` they may have been drinking ' and that the ocean was rough when the men entered the water . Students and staff at Bethune-Cookman University mourned Parks ' death during a prayer vigil held on Monday after the student 's body was found . The university said that though the investigation is ongoing , it still wants to celebrate Parks ' life and support his family ` in this most difficult time ' The university is investigating into hazing , while Volusia County Beach Safety Ocean Rescue is assisting with toxicology and witness statements , Manchester said . Bethune-Cookman spokeswoman Boyd said that though the investigation was ongoing , the university is still celebrating Parks ' life . ` Once any additional information is provided by the Beach Patrol , the University will issue another statement . While information regarding the events of April 20th are continuing to surface , we ask that the public join B-CU in supporting the Parks family in this most difficult time , ' she said . The university held a prayer vigil on Monday , in which University President Edison Jackson planted a tree in Parks ' memory . Students at the vigil said that Parks ` never stopped laughing ' and was both talented and artistic . During Monday 's vigil , University President Edison planted a tree in Parks ' memory . More than 100 people appeared to have shown up for Monday 's vigil .