A Polish prince has challenged Nigel Farage to a sword fight over his attacks on immigration . Janek Zylinski , the aristocratic son of Polish war hero who fought the Nazis in 1939 , posted the challenge online after declaring that he had ` had enough ' of the Ukip leader . Brandishing his sword , Mr Zylinski said : ` Enough is enough , Mr Farage . So what I 'd like to do is to challenge you to a duel . I 'd like us to meet in Hyde Park one morning , with our swords , and resolve this matter . ' Janek Zylinski , the aristocratic son of Polish war hero who fought the Nazis in 1939 , posted the challenge online after declaring he had ` had enough ' of the Ukip leader . The Polish prince , who lives in Ealing , West London , begins his video by introducing a gold sculpture of his father , Captain Andrzej Zylinski . The cavalry officer led a victorious charge against the Nazis in Kaluszyn , near Warsaw , in 1939 , helping to save 6,000 Jews . In the online video he declares that he has had enough of the discrimination against immigrants from people such as Mr Farage . He said : ` I 've had enough of the discrimination against Polish people in this country . ' Mr Zylinski added : ` The most idiotic example I 've heard of has been Mr Nigel Farage blaming migrants for traffic jams on the M40 . ' The prince says a duel with swords is what any self-respecting 18th Century Polish aristocrat and an English gentleman would do . But Zylinski also offers up an alternative way to settle their differences . He says that ` if his sword is a little rusty , we could meet in a studio for a duel of words in the run up to the election . ' The Ukip leader was today forced to defend his stance on immigration after meeting an Eastern European worker during a factory tour in Essex . Nigel Farage , the leader of the United Kingdom Independence Party , chats to a supporter during campaigning in Clacton , Essex . Mr Farage -LRB- centre -RRB- and parliamentary candidate for Clacton Douglas Carswell -LRB- left -RRB- meet staff during a visit to hinge manufacturer NICO in Clacton , Essex . Mr Farage was visiting hinge manufacturer NICO in Clacton as he spoke of the need to boost manufacturing and improve skills among British workers . During a tour of one of the factory 's workshops , he met Hungarian Ivan Loncsarevity , 62 , who has lived in Colchester for five years after travelling to the UK for work . Mr Loncsarevity could not answer questions as he does not speak any English but was described by colleagues as ` relatively low-skilled ' . The firm 's manufacturing manager Steve Dalton confirmed that the company needed to look to Eastern Europe to fill a skills gap and on occasion had flown potential employees from Poland . Mr Farage displayed his Union Flag themed socks out campaigning today . Asked about the encounter and whether Mr Loncsarevity should be working in the UK , Mr Farage said : ` Ukip has never said anyone should leave the country , so the question is entirely baseless . ` One of the big problems that we 've got in engineering is a real shortage of young people studying engineering to go into trades such as this , which is regrettable . ` We 've got rid of technical colleges and encouraged more and more young people to go to university and study degrees which are not directly linked to industry such as this . ` If there 's no British person trained to do that job , then that says more about us than them . ' Mr Dalton said he was not a Ukip supporter but did not oppose the party 's proposal of an Australian-style points system designed to limit the number of immigrants . He said : ` There needs to be some controls but presumably , if we needed to fill a skills gap , we would still be able to do that under such a system . ' The company employs 130 people , six of whom are migrants from Eastern Europe . Finance director Gillian Hagger said : ` A lot of industries in the UK do need migrant workers . ` The area we 're in means we 've got a large pool to recruit from but sometimes we find their skills are limited . ` On those occasions we have had to look further afield , including flying interviewees in from Poland . ' Later Mr Farage visited the town 's Copping Community Centre with Douglas Carswell - the first person to be elected as a Ukip MP after defecting from the Conservatives . He met supporters and again spoke of the lack of young British people pursuing careers in manufacturing and leaving engineering firms with a ` genuine shortage ' of skilled workers . He said : ` We will say that anyone doing engineering at degree level should not be paying any tuition fees . '