This is the moment a young boy 's dream came true when he met his hero R2D2 at a Star Wars convention and the pair danced along the corridor together . The child 's infectious giggles can be heard after R2D2 followed him around Star Wars Celebration convention in Anaheim , California and the pair began spinning around each other in circles . Clearly a fan , the boy was dressed in a Star Wars t-shirt and had merchandise fixed to his wheelchair to promote the new film , the Force Awakens . A young Star Wars fan giggled in delight when he was approached by his favourite character R2D2 . The robot began turning in time with the boy and he can be heard on video giggling loudly and uncontrollably . In the video , which shows the boy giggling with delight , the blue and white robot dances approaches him and copies the child as he begins to turn on his wheels . As the youngster makes his way down the corridor the robot follows him and pauses , mirroring the child 's every move . He is then heard giggling loudly and uncontrollably as other children watch the pair . Chris Lee , who claimed he was in charge of the robot , wrote on YouTube : ` This was the second interaction that we had with this awesome kid . R2D2 approaches the boy at the convention and begins to copy his actions as he turns in his wheelchair . The robot spins around in time with the young fan , much to his delight when he realises what is happening . As the child speeds off down a corridor R2D2 follows him , beeping loudly and flashing his lights . ` He was having so much fun and laughing continuously . Even his parents and some people in the crowd -LRB- me included -RRB- started giggling uncontrollably . ' He said the child 's reaction was one of the highlights of the convention for him . The trailer for Star Wars : Episode VII - The Force Awakens , which debuted at the event on Thursday , was viewed 88 million times worldwide in the first 24 hours . Directed by JJ Abrams , the movie opens in the US on December 18 .