A video showing a man cracking a giant egg to reveal another fully formed egg inside , may be enough to scramble your brain . YouTube user Elman511 cracked open the over-sized egg that was laid by one of his hens , exclaiming : ` The big egg has another normal egg in it ! ' While the instance is extremely rare , it 's caused when the hen is in the process of forming an egg in her oviduct and another oocyte -- the ovum or egg cell that becomes the yolk of the egg -- is released too soon . Scroll down for video . Egg-traordinary : US YouTube user Elman511 cracked open an over-sized egg -LRB- shown on the left -RRB- that was laid by one of his hens , exclaiming : ` The big egg has another normal egg in it ! ' In the video , Elman511 cracks the egg , which is double the size of a normal one , to find a standard-sized egg inside , along with yolk and white . He then cracks the smaller egg , which also has a yolk and white inside . ` That 's the end of the nesting dolls of egg ... an egg inside of an egg ... crazy man , ' he said , before noting that the yolks look rich . Egg-citing : In the video , ` Elman511 ' cracks the egg -LRB- pictured -RRB- , which is double the size of a normal one , to find a standard-sized egg inside , along with yolk and white . The unusual occurrence is down to a counter-peristalsis contraction . This is when a second oocyte -LRB- yolk -RRB- is released by the hen 's ovary before the first egg has completely traveled through the oviduct and been laid . When the second oocyte 's released , the first is in the eggshell-gland portion of the oviduct , were the shell is made . It 's thought that a shock , or stress causes a contraction , forcing first egg to reverse its course . This means that the first egg is added to the second oocyte , which then travels down the oviduct and is covered in a shell , creating a giant egg around the first one . The unusual occurrence is called a counter-peristalsis contraction . A hen releases an oocyte from her left ovary into her oviduct every 18 to 26 hours , Back Yard Poultry Mag explained . Usually , the oocyte travels down the oviduct , adding layers of the egg until it 's laid through the hen 's vent . But in a counter-peristalsis contraction , a second oocyte is released by the ovary before the first egg has completed its journey . When the second oocyte 's released , the first is in the eggshell-gland portion of the oviduct , were the shell is made . It 's thought that a shock , or stress causes a contraction , forcing first egg to reverse its course . This means that the first egg is added to the second oocyte , which then travels down the oviduct and is covered in a shell , creating a giant egg around the first one . The phenomenon has been mentioned as far back as 1250 AD by the Dominican friar and polymath Albertus Magnus in his book De Animalibus . Ask the egg-spert : In a counter-peristalsis contraction , a second oocyte is released by the ovary before the first egg has completed its journey . This results in an egg with another made inside it , producing two yolks -LRB- pictured -RRB- .