Darren Bent could still return to Aston Villa in the summer even after his contract is allowed to run down at the club which cast him aside , but his focus for now is helping Derby get promoted . Bent was out of favour with sacked manager Paul Lambert and Rams boss Steve McClaren took the chance to add the experienced striker to his line-up on loan until the end of the campaign . But with Tim Sherwood now in charge at Villa Park the 31-year-old is keeping his options open . Darren Bent has scored nine goals in 13 games for Derby since going on loan from Aston Villa in January . Bent scores Derby 's form has been impressive for Derby since joining the Championship promotion hopefuls . ` I would n't rule anything out , ' he told TalkSport . ` I will have to wait until the end of the season to make that decision . ` It will be nice to have the option . But I do n't want to look too far ahead because I 'm enjoying playing for Derby County and I do n't want to take my eye off the ball . ' Sherwood 's side take on QPR on Tuesday night in a crucial relegation clash - a loss could see Villa fall below the line and Chris Ramsey 's men enjoy a sniff of safety . Bent has nine goals in 13 appearances for the Rams and is focussed on their push for the Premier League . Bent 's form has no doubt caught the attention with new Villa boss Tim Sherwood while at the Rams . While on the books at Villa , the end of the campaign for Bent - whether it be at the regular season 's end or with a playoff triumph with the Rams - will also see him become a free agent . And with nine goals in 13 games since arriving at Derby in January , after stays at Fulham and Brighton , he may have some bargaining power . Bent has previously praised Sherwood , who he knows from his time at Tottenham , as an ` unbelievable motivator ' , saying Villa is ` the perfect job for him . ' He previously told the Telegraph that ` There have been conversations ' with his parent club . Sherwood has also bemoaned the absence of Bent as his side struggles for goals . ` I 'd like to have him here now . You ca n't have enough goalscorers in your building , ' he said .