THE SECOND I SAW YOU . by Lorna C. Beckett . -LRB- British Library £ 16.99 -RRB- . During his Easter sermon of 1915 , the Dean of St Paul 's read out Rupert Brooke 's poem The Soldier , which begins : ` If I should die , think only this of me : / That there 's some corner of a foreign field / That is forever England . ' Rupert Brooke 's -LRB- pictured -RRB- poem The Soldier made him famous outside of literary circles . Before then , Brooke was known only in literary circles . But when the newspapers reprinted The Soldier the following day , he became properly famous for the rest of his life -- which , as it turned out , lasted just over a fortnight . Brooke 's death at 27 from blood poisoning en route to Gallipoli duly cemented his image as the poster-boy of heroic self-sacrifice . Yet , as The Second I Saw You richly confirms , he was a lot more interesting than that . The love story it tells was unknown until 2000 , when a British Library curator made a thrilling discovery : more than 100 letters exchanged between Brooke and an art student called Phyllis Gardner , together with her secret memoir of their relationship , written in 1918 . Now Lorna C. Beckett , chair of the Rupert Brooke Society , has turned them into a chronological narrative , adding the background information we need , plus her own comments . At times , admittedly , those comments do smack of chick - lit clichés -LRB- including Brooke 's unwillingness ` to commit ' and Phyllis 's need to ` move on ' . -RRB- But then again so does the story itself . The 21-year-old Phyllis first saw Brooke on the London to Cambridge train in November 1911 . Like everyone else who ever set eyes on him , it seems , she was overwhelmed by his beauty and spent the journey sketching him with her handy chalks . S he then carried the sketch around Cambridge , showing it to anyone who might be able to identify him . Luckily , the two moved in similar circles , with Brooke studying at King 's College and Phyllis 's father an archaeology professor . Eventually , having tracked him down , she got her parents to invite him to lunch where , according to her memoir , the effect of his arrival was ` as though the sun had suddenly risen ' . Not all his chat-up lines would work today , though : ` Your palms sweat , ' he once told her . ` The Elizabethans said that was a sign of a passionate disposition . ' Nonetheless , Phyllis was smitten , not least after , while on a walk together , the two took off their clothes to wade through a river and she dried him afterwards with her hair . ` Who was I , ' she wondered , ` that God should give me such piercing joy ? ' The trouble was that Brooke appeared to have accepted such adoration as essentially his due -- and not just from Phyllis . -LRB- During their time together , the only time he did n't have one other woman on the go was when he had two -RRB- . Nor was he entirely satisfied by being dried with hair . In 2000 , love letters between Rupert Brooke and Phyllis Gardner were discovered as well as her secret memoir of their relationship which was written in 1918 . When , after a few months , he proposed sex , Phyllis was delighted , on the heart-breaking grounds that ` I thought of myself as the happy mother of his child ' -- until he made it clear they 'd be using contraception . Though badly hurt , Phyllis naturally sought to excuse Brooke 's behaviour , somehow managing to see him as a ` poor , lost angel ' led astray by his racy friends . Even so , she stuck to her guns . ` As I do n't consider you to be there only for my pleasure , ' she wrote in one letter , ` so I expect you not to consider me only there for yours ' -- adding a little forlornly , ` Why do n't you want me enough to do so much as consider the possibility of marrying me ? ' By comparison , Brooke 's self-justifications seem both faintly irritated and distinctly patronising , especially given that he addresses a woman less than three years his junior as ` child ' . Still , it 's hard to disagree with his final verdict , however brutally expressed : ` You are meant for love and marriage . I 'm a wanderer . ' And that , as far as the relationship went , was largely that . In May 1913 , Brooke headed off to the South Seas , where the women , happily , proved more compliant . He continued , though , to write to Phyllis as a friend , returning to Britain just in time for the war . B y retrieving Brooke 's flawed -- but wholly recognisable -- humanity -LRB- let 's face it -RRB- from beneath the myth , The Second I Saw You would certainly have met with Virginia Woolf 's approval . ` Anyone , ' she wrote at the height of Brooke-mania in 1917 , ` who helps us to remember that volatile , irreverent and extremely vivacious spirit before the romantic public took possession of his fame has the right to our gratitude . ' But the book also does full justice to Phyllis herself , who died , unmarried , in 1939 at 48 . After being lost to history for so long , she emerges as a hugely likeable and spirited woman who , for all her wilfully over-generous misreading of Brooke 's motives , was never a pushover .