The son of a well known nightclub owner who bragged about taking a girl 's virginity in an alley is appealing his rape conviction . Luke Lazarus , a 23-year-old former private school boy , was jailed for at least three years on March 27 for raping an 18-year-old virgin in an alleyway outside his father 's SOHO nightclub in Kings Cross , inner Sydney in May 2013 . Lazarus hired Back Schwartz Vaughan - a liquor licensing specialist law firm , who lodged the appeal five days after the conviction , also contested the five year-maximum sentence he received , Fairfax Media reported . Scroll down for video . Luke Lazarus was sentenced on March 27 for raping an 18-year-old at his father 's SOHO nightclub on May 12 , 2013 . In the victim 's impact statement , which was read out at court on her behalf , the woman said she will never be the same following the brutal attack . ` I thought that once I left the alleyway the pain would go away ... but it did n't , ' the statement said . ` Everything that made me who I was stayed in that alleyway . ' Lazarus said he thought the sex was consensual and that fact that it was n't made him : ` absolutely sick to my stomach ' . When sentencing him , Judge Sarah Huggett found the offence was not premeditated but said he was reckless . ` I am satisfied beyond reasonable doubt he must have realised there was a possibility she was n't consenting , ' she told Sydney 's District Court . But she said he was ` not caring in one way or another whether she was consenting ' . During Luke Lazarus 's rape trial , the jury were told he boasted to the victim he could introduce her to the DJ at the SOHO , before he ushered her into an alleyway . This comes as Eastern Sydney 's Waverley mayor Sally Betts wrote a glowing reference for Lazarus ` out of loyalty to the family ' after he raped an 18-year-old woman in an alleyway outside his father 's SOHO nightclub , in Sydney . Now the controversial councillor is developing ` a new risky behaviour education program to try and help young women understand and better deal with being in vulnerable situations ' . In an interview with the Wentworth Courier she referenced the behaviour of Lazarus 's victim . The Mayor of three years said : ` By the sheer fact of -LRB- the assault -RRB- happening at a nightclub and alcohol is involved , -LRB- means people are -RRB- open to the possibility of risky behaviour , so I 'm saying let 's try and close that loophole . ' Daily Mail Australia has contacted Cr Betts for comment . Cr Betts is reportedly developing the program for school girls alongside Waverley Action for Youth Services -LRB- WAYS -RRB- and the police . During Lazarus 's trial , the jury was told that he boasted to the victim he could introduce her to the DJ at his father 's club , the SOHO , before he ushered her into the alleyway . The court heard that during the assault he pulled her stockings down , ignored a second request by her to leave and said in an authoritative tone ` put your f *** ing hands on the wall , get on the floor and arch your back ' . Waverley mayor Sally Betts wrote a reference for convicted rapist Luke Lazarus and is now developing ` a new risky behaviour education program ' for young women . When it was over Lazarus told her to add her name to a list of conquests in his phone that he had . In a text message to a friend the afternoon after the attack , in the early hours of May 12 , 2013 , Lazarus said : ` I honestly have zero recollection of calling you ... Was a sick night -- took a chick 's virginity . ' His friend replied : ` bahahahaha nice popping does cherries ... ' Lazarus replied : ' ... it 's a pretty gross story tell ya later ' . Cr Betts said in the character reference she wrote for Lazarus that his conviction was ` inconsistent with the gentle well-mannered and respectful young man that I know ' . She also said she had no hesitation supporting Lazarus and his family . In a recent interview with the Wentworth Courier she said she wrote the reference in support of Lazarus 's grandparents whom she has been friends with for 30 years . ` They are shocked and devastated and I wrote in support of them , ' she said . Sally Betts has been the Mayor of Waverley for three years in Sydney 's eastern suburbs . Australia 's first Minister for the Prevention of Domestic Violence and Sexual Assault Pru Goward slammed the public figures in the local community who supported Lazarus . Along with Cr Betts , the honorary secretary of the Honorary Consulate-General of Greece in Brisbane , Tsambico K Athanasas , South Sydney Rabbitohs rugby league club chairman Nick Pappas and the parish priest at the Greek Orthodox Christian Church of St George , Rose Bay , Father Gerasimos Koutsouras , spoke out to support him . ` Not only does this diminish their standing , it can shatter the confidence of the victim and often discourages them from seeking justice , ' she said . On Thursday , Federal Member for Wentworth and Minister for Communications Malcolm Turnbull , whose electorate takes in Betts ' council area , refused to endorse her to continue in her position . Turnbull 's office declined to respond when probed by the Guardian over whether he would support her as mayor . A council investigation is currently underway to determine whether she broke the code of conduct . On Facebook a campaign page with over 200 likes has begun calling for her removal from office . ` As a community we must stand against our elected leaders supporting convicted rapists . Sally Betts Mayor of Waverley needs to know that she must go , ' the page says . Luke Lazarus will spend a minimum of three years behind bars . He told the court that attending his father 's clubs gave him an ` inflated sense of power and entitlement ' A photo of a drunken looking young woman , lying with her legs apart on the ground , was posted on SOHO nightclub 's Facebook page on April 3 by an ` external promoter ' Last week , nightclub promoters apologised after a photo of a young woman sprawled out on a tiled-floor was used to advertise their Easter weekend event - just a week after Lazarus was convicted of raping a teenage girl at the venue . A photo of a ` drunken ' young woman , lying with her legs apart on the ground , was posted on SOHO nightclub 's Facebook page on April 3 . The photo 's caption said : ` We 're throwing an extra special Yeezter event Tonight . Free entry till 10 pm and $ 5 drinks till midnight -- get amongst it ! ' The disturbing image was soon removed by the club 's management after a backlash on Twitter , the Daily Life reports , with one shocked social media user complaining : ` This is how Luke Lazarus -LRB- sic -RRB- father promotes nightclub SOHO . Posted week after sentencing ! ' . A Twitter user told Daily Mail Australia : ` Once it did Twitter rounds and people started commenting it was removed by Saturday . ' A SOHO management spokesperson told Daily Mail Australia : ` The event on the night was set up by an external promoter as a one-off event . ` He was given access to the official Facebook page but as soon as we noticed he 'd put that up it was taken down . ' The club agreed that the photo used was ' 100 per cent inappropriate ' . The SOHO nightclub is a popular venue in Sydney 's Kings Cross district . Judge Huggett said Lazarus , a South Sydney Rabbitohs fan , came from a privileged upbringing .