A Toronto tower crane operator took pictures of a raccoon that climbed almost 700 feet up a metal ladder before taking a high-altitude poop . Rob MacFarlane captured photos of the raccoon on his crane after it climbed about 213 meters up . MacFarlane shared his first picture of ` Little Mac ' on social media on Thursday morning after the crapping critter presumably made the climb over the course of the night . Rob MacFarlane shared the picture of the brave raccoon , ` Little Mac ' , on social media on Thursday morning . The little critter climbed almost 700 feet up MacFarlane 's tower crane in Toronto before being photographed . He wrote : ` This critter climbed over 700 ' to crap on my machine deck . ' In the shot , Mac can been see holding on to the ladder for dear life with its eyes staring wide . According to MacFarlane , the animal slowly climbed to the ground without being hurt and ` found somewhere else to sleep all day ' , the Toronto Star reported . MacFarlane has n't documented prior appearances by raccoons , but he does often post photos from his crane . He said : ` They are the tortoise in the story . ` Not so fast , but efficient . ` It 's not unusual . Raccoons seem to like cranes . ' MacFarlane has seen raccoons on his crane before and has also found ` evidence ' of their presence in the past . He has n't documented their previous appearances , but does post photos from the crane quite often . The crane operator said : ` It 's not unusual . Raccoons seem to like cranes . ' He has found their ` evidence ' before . The crane MacFarlane was working on Thursday stands east of the Rogers Centre at Yonge and the Esplanade . The crane he was working on stands east of the Rogers Centre at Yonge and the Esplanade in downtown Toronto . In addition to pooping on cranes , raccoons also have been getting into the city 's garbage bins . The Toronto City Council is considering a $ 31million investment in new compost bins featuring turn-dial locks that raccoons can not open . Mayor John Tory said : ` We have left no stone unturned in our fight against the Raccoon Nation . ` Defeat is not an option . '