The goalkeeper whose extra-time error led to Reading being dumped out of the FA Cup at Wembley had already booked his wedding for the weekend of the final . Adam Federici left the pitch in tears after fumbling Alexis Sanchez 's effort to give Arsenal a 2-1 victory in Saturday 's semi final . But had Reading reached the final on May 30 it would have clashed with Australian Federici 's wedding in Italy to long-term girlfriend Micaela Gardner , reports The Sun . Adam Federici is due to marry girlfriend Micaela Gardner on the same weekend as the FA Cup final . Federici fails to stop Alexis Sanchez 's shot from crossing the line at Wembley on Saturday evening . Sanchez -LRB- centre -RRB- celebrates making it 2-1 to Arsenal as Federici -LRB- second left -RRB- is left dejected after his error . A source told the paper : ` No one believes he did it deliberately . But I bet he is wishing he booked his wedding for the weekend after now . ' Another source , however , told the paper that had Reading beat Arsenal Federici would have changed the date of the wedding , which is set to take place in the city of Florence . The 30-year-old apologised to fans for his error after the game , tweeting : ` Just like to say thank you for all your messages and how sorry I am for my mistake . It 's part of being a goalkeeper and I 'm sure it will make me stronger . ' Federici has been backed to bounce back by Reading boss Steve Clarke , who expects the keeper to start against Birmingham on Wednesday . ` It 's the life of a goalkeeper , ' Clarke told Reading Player . ` Adam was obviously very upset because he feels responsible for the defeat . ` It 's much better in a game like that , that if you have to lose you lose to a moment of brilliance . That was n't the case . ` As I said after the game , we win together , we lose together . Adam is a strong character . All the players are 100 per cent behind him , the staff are 100 per cent behind him - he 'll bounce back . ` On Wednesday night when we play Birmingham , he 'll be typical Adam Federici - one of our best players . ' The Reading goalkeeper struggles to contain his emotions after his side 's FA Cup semi-final defeat . Federici is due to get married in the Italian city of Florence on the same weekend as the FA Cup final .