Haris Vuckic stands as the one bonus from a now infamous deal . While the other members of the Newcastle Five have managed a paltry 44 minutes of football between them , the Slovenian has positively thrived at Rangers . So much so , in fact , that he admits any possibility of staying at Ibrox beyond the end of this season would be an immensely attractive option . Whether or not that can happen will depend on a number of factors . Vuckic has denied a report on Tyneside stating he had already declared his intention to quit St James Park , where he has one year left on his contract . Summer discussions with his parent club will have to take place . Haris Vuckic has thrived at Rangers under new manager Stuart McCall . By then , he will also know whether Rangers have fulfilled their aim of promotion via the play-offs . Certainly , he has done much so far to try to make Premier League football a reality at Ibrox once again . Vuckic has scored six times since signing for Rangers , including three in his last two appearances as the revival under Stuart McCall has gathered momentum . The 22-year-old is clearly relishing the exposure he has been granted . Having begun to stagnate on the fringes of the Newcastle squad , he feels revived by life in Glasgow . ` I 'm really enjoying playing my football and I 'm training hard , ' said Vuckic . ` At Newcastle , I did n't have that chance . ` But it 's nonsense that I have said I am going to quit Newcastle . I never said that . I still respect Newcastle because I have a year left there . And I also respect Rangers because I have a loan deal here . ` We will see what is going to happen in the transfer window and what Newcastle have to say . I will get options and I have to take the option that is best for me . ' And if Rangers were to make an offer for his services come the end of the season ? Vuckic has won over Rangers fans with six goals from 10 games , including this strike against Hearts . ` That would be a good option because I 'm really enjoying my football here , ' replied Vuckic . ` I 'm scoring goals , playing well and the fans like me . It would be a great option for me . ` This is the happiest I have been for a while with my football because I am playing every week . As a player , that is all you want . To show people that you are good . ' Clearly , there is little appeal in returning to Tyneside simply to spend another 12 months stuck in the reserves or filling space on the bench . ` That would n't be the best option for me , ' he admitted . ` Playing first-team football is very different from the Under-21s , where you basically play with the kids . You want to play at a bigger , stronger level . ` In football you have to take a step back to go forward . I feel from Newcastle to Rangers on loan I took that step back but now I want to go forward . ` If I go back to play Under-21 games with Newcastle I would go even more back . I just have to see what happens in the summer but I want to play first-team football . ` When I was 18 or 19 years old I was getting a chance in the first team at Newcastle but I broke my hand on my debut against Fulham . ` I had a couple of set-backs and after spending a couple of months out you have to fight again for your place . I feel I could have done more in Newcastle if I had n't had the injuries . ' The 22-year-old celebrates scoring a goal for Newcastle , but could find himself leaving St James ' Park . Vuckic was deemed sufficiently surplus to requirements to be shipped out in a mass deal arranged when the previous board were still in place . Current interim chairman Paul Murray cited the signing of the quintet without undergoing medicals as an example of the ` recklessness ' that preceded regime change . Gael Bigirimana will not play this season because of an unspecified ` medical condition ' he admits was there before he joined Rangers . McCall is also sceptical about Shane Ferguson 's ability to feature , although he will finally arrive at Murray Park next week as recovers from a long-term knee injury . Kevin Mbabu has been training but has yet to make a first-team debut , while Remie Streete did n't quite make it to half-time against Raith Rovers in February before succumbing to a hamstring injury . It was recently revealed that Rangers will have to pay Newcastle £ 500,000 for the privilege of the loans if they gain promotion . ` They are all fighting for their place , ' said Vuckic of his colleagues . ` Kevin is training , Remi is injured and we all know the problem Biggi has got . ` I spoke to Fergie and he is coming soon , but he will have to prove himself . The plan is for him to feature before the end of the season . ` I did n't feel any pressure personally when I came here . I just wanted to do my maximum for the club and to gain experience . ` Since the manager came in , I have really enjoyed it . He knows what he is talking about . We all follow his gameplan and we are winning . He came here with a target to put us in the Scottish Premiership . ` When I first came the changing room was a little bit down because of what was going on here . ` Now when you start winning games the players are more motivated , enthusiastic and everybody fighting . The quality of the training goes up straight away and you can develop even more . '