Reanne Evans insists her World Championship bid is ` do or die ' for women in snooker . The 29-year-old from Dudley is aiming to be the first woman to qualify for the World Championship in Sheffield this month when she faces former champion Ken Doherty in qualifying . Evans has won 10 women 's world titles and plays Irishman Doherty at Pond 's Forge in Sheffield on Thursday . Reanne Evans is aiming to become the first women to qualify for the snooker World Championships . And , while her profile is dwarfed by the men 's game , Evans knows she must take her chance . ` As much as it 's brilliant , you get the added pressure . I 'm do or die for the ladies . You have to accept it , that 's the way it is , ' she said . ` I hope it all goes in the right direction . ` It 's going to take time and I 'm getting old now , all the wrinkles are showing . ` If I do n't get to play -LRB- in the main draw -RRB- , I hope -LRB- my attempt to qualify will inspire -RRB- the young girls because they need to see a future in the game . ` We do n't need every match on TV but it 's just to show ladies are playing snooker and it might invite more players in . ` When I first started playing I did n't even know there was a ladies tour . If I did n't know , and I was into it , how are other people going to find out ? ` We just need it public and to make sure there are lady players out there . ' Opponent Doherty won the Crucible title in 1997 but Evans admits she is dreaming of making the main draw , which will require her and all the other 128 entrants to the preliminary draw to win three best-of-19-frame matches . Her opponent Ken Doherty won the title in 1997 and he 's all that stands between her and the Championships . She said : ` Everybody wants to dream and sometimes they come true . It 's going to be such a tough ask , to win one is hard but to win three is going to be mega-tough . ` You have to go out there and play your best game and hopefully on the day you 'll win . ` There are that many good players out there even down the rankings - look at Ben Woollaston , who would have thought he 'd have got to the Welsh Open final ? But you never know if you do n't try . ` When I 'm on the table it 's about me and my game then . ' Six-time Crucible champion Steve Davis faces Jamie Cope in qualifying the day after Evans faces Doherty . The 16 players who make it through to the tournament proper will be decided on the afternoon of Wednesday , April 15 . The draw for the main tournament proper will be made the following day , with the event getting under way on April 18 and concluding on May 4 .