As day two of the Grand National gets underway , thousands of ladies dressed in outrageous or elegant outfits as they compete in the style stakes and take in some high-class racing throughout the day . The popular event has seen over 45,000 descend on Aintree for the perfect build-up ahead of Saturday 's main event , the Crabbies Grand National . Seven races make up the day as they saw Saphir Du Rheu , ridden by Sam Twiston-Davis , take home the Betfred Mildmay Novices ' Chase and following up from his second place at the World Hurdle at Cheltenham festival . A.P McCoy rides Don Cossack and Eastlake in what is his last ever Grand National festival , as he looks to leave the racing scene and his legacy with a bang . Side boob alert ! Some of the racegoers ended up flashing a bit more flesh than they bargained for . Hoping to be noticed : Ms Brown had certainly dressed to attract the attention of photographers in her newsprint dress and scarlet heels . Steady ! A lady needs some help getting off Aintree 's racing simulator , but a bride-to-be had no problems hanging on . Glugging on the go : Ladies enjoy a drink while moving through the racecourse ahead of the first race . Uh oh ! Ms Brown also fell victim to the day 's first wardrobe malfunction when a breeze blew her skirt up to reveal a paucity of underwear . Getting the giggles : A lady chats seriously on the phone while another just ca n't hide her smile as she strolls around the course . Great day out : Two ladies burst into peals of laughter as they enjoy their day out at Aintree . Full length : Floor-length dresses in summery floral print also proved a hit , with many ladies teaming them with summery sandals . And relax : Ladies perch on a piece of astro-turf and check their phones while enjoying a drink . Ladies in red : Along with bridal white , cheerful crimson also struck a chord with the ladies and it proved a popular choice . Nice dress ! A quartet of ladies show off their stylish side as they strike a pose for photographers while making their way into the course . Colourful : Many of the racegoers arriving for Ladies ' Day had plumped for bold brights - red was among the favourites . Showing some skin : A couple of ladies opted to flash the flesh and showed off plenty of cleavage as well as a few tattoos . Go on ! A lady roars her horse home to victory during the second race of Ladies ' Day at Aintree . Purple reign : A lady shows off her spectacular Grecian-inspired dress and her matching purple hat . Bright spark : Bold colour was a popular choice for the second day in a row with bright pink and pale blue taking an early lead . Tenterhooks : Earlier , the lady had looked nervous while watching the second race of the day , the Doom Bar Maghull Novices ' Chase . Stripes galore : One of summer 's hottest trends is stripes - and the ladies of Aintree were happy to make the most of it . Dancing queen : A lady gives the cameras a twirl while crossing the racecourse in her high heels . Oops ! One lady 's champagne swigging plans did n't quite go to plan and she ended up with booze splashed across her face . On trend : A range of different summer trends were on show , including the ever-popular black and white -LRB- left -RRB- , lace -LRB- centre -RRB- and print -LRB- right -RRB- . Hats you win : Many of the ladies arrived sporting spectacular hats , which they offset with simple dresses . Looking lovely : Ladies sported a variety of different looks , with black and white , maxi dresses and peplums all proving popular . Quite the look : A lady steps out in a floor-length orange dress slashed to somewhere beyond the thigh . Along with low-cut dresses , the clunky platform shoes that have become a Grand National staple in recent years were very much on show as were some unflatteringly tight get-ups . Most , however , were simply intent on enjoying the sunshine and , in some cases , the revels with many opting to start their day with a mini bottle of champagne , quaffed with the help of a booze funnel . But while many joined in with the fun , the sight of so many early morning drinkers has left bookmakers panicking at the prospect of a bumper payout following Coral 's decision to offer odds on such wardrobe malfunctions as falling over while drunk and showing off too much cleavage . ` If some of yesterday 's outfits were anything to go by , we 're in for a treat today for Ladies ' Day at Aintree , ' said Coral 's Nicola McGeady , whose company has priced falling over at 1/2 and exposed breasts and bottoms at 2/1 . Cheers ! A pair of ladies , both in spectacular fascinators , enjoy a bottle of Moët & Chandon champagne . Flashing the flesh : Some of the ladies had clearly ignored the part of the style code that advises against excess cleavage . Time for a touch up : A lady freshens up her eye make-up from her perch on a spare bit of asphalt . Much better ! A lady kicks off her platform shoes and replaces them with a comfy pair of flip flops . Afternoon pint : Some of the ladies looked content to ignore the racing and got stuck into the beer instead . Mwah ! Two ladies pose for a selfie and manage to juggle brightly coloured cocktails at the same time . Good for a giggle : A cheerful pair of ladies pose for a selfie while tucking into a box of chips . Colourful : Some ladies chose particularly bright ensembles , especially the lady on the left who combined pink hair with an orange skirt . Hint of flesh : Some ladies opted for dresses with cut outs , although some revealed more than others . Bottoms up ! A pair of ladies enjoy a glass of champagne as they wait for the racing action to start . Making merry : A lady kicks off her heels and enjoys a sit down -LRB- left -RRB- while another flashes a thigh at photographers . Watching the action : Racegoers clad in an array of cheerful summery brights watch the action unfold . Careful ! A lady teeters forward as she watches her horse gallop home in the second race of the day . Break to pose ! The ladies left drinking and sunbathing alone briefly while waving cheerfully at a passing photographer . Brilliant fun : A hen party appears to be making the most of their day out and make a bright splash of colour against the grey concrete . Getting the giggles : A lady chats seriously on the phone while another just ca n't hide her smile as she strolls around the course . Party ! Racegoers are clearly having a great time as they share a bottle of champagne while enjoying the sunshine . Hello sunshine : Many racegoers appeared to have dressed for August and clearly wanted to make the most of the lovely weather . Sunbathing : Ladies huddle on a tarmac concourse as they enjoy a drink while topping up their tans . First faller ! A lady 's high heels prove unequal to the task of dealing with grass - but at least she 's still smiling . Place your bets ! Some of the ladies appeared intent on checking the latest odds on their phones . Ready for action : Three ladies arrive for their day out at the races sporting pretty dresses in patriotic red and blue . Colourful : Many of the guests opted for colourful ensembles , including , in one case , an impressively large feather headdress -LRB- right -RRB- . Getting stuck in : Some guests opted to get the day off to a flying start with a glass or two of bubbly . Enjoying themselves : Most of the ladies arriving were anticipating a fun day out on day two of the Crabbie 's Grand National Festival . Coordinating : Several couples and groups of friends opted for complementary ensembles in a wide range of hues . Comparing notes ? A quintet of ladies enjoy a chat as they arrive for a day 's racing at Aintree . ` With the sun shining down , we 're predicting the hemlines to shorten and the necklines to deepen so we could be in for a big payout by the end of the day if our odds are anything to go by . ' Such episodes are something Aintree bosses had hoped to avoid this year , with the strict style code just one of a raft of measures designed to add some class to the image of the event which has suffered in recent years . Along with expecting ` Chanel-inspired ' get-ups from female racegoers , the management has also threatened to kick out any photographers caught taking photos of drunken racegoers . ` Our event is full of character , it 's fun , and that 's generated by the personality of the Liverpool people , ' said Aintree managing director John Baker in the run-up to this year 's event . ` We have to absolutely protect that because it 's at the core of what we are , and we have a responsibility to our customers to project the correct image . ' Eye-catching : A trio of brightly dressed ladies and a glamorous woman in black strike a pose for the cameras . Strapless : With the sun shining down on Aintree , many of the ladies opted for bustier-style dresses . Having a laugh : A pair of ladies dissolve into fits of laughter as they enjoy their day in the sunshine at Aintree . Dressed to the nines : A trio of racegoers show off their style nous as they arrive for a day out at Aintree . Good day out : Excited racegoers were clearly looking forward to their day out and were all smiles as they arrived at the racecourse . Lovely : Many of the ladies opted for summery shades such as coral , while others kept things coordinated in navy and cream , and purple . Looking good : Local girl Rebecca Ferguson wowed onlookers in her bold pink dress and jewelled purple pumps . And they 're off ! A group of ladies show off their race day looks , several complete with gorgeous cocktail hats featuring plenty of feathers . Having a ball : A lady looks wonderful in pink and white florals while right , a quartet of ladies blow a kiss for the cameras . Mono mania : A quartet of ladies arrive dressed in chic all-black ensembles , with one , unusually , opting for trousers instead of the usual dress . Final touches : A lady , who appears to have entered the racecourse 's style competition , applies a final slick of lipstick . Making an entrance : A lady inspects a stall selling cut-price fascinators as she prepares to make her entrance . Quirky : One lady showed off a rather unique sense of style courtesy of pair of fun Bambi-inspired heels . Sunshine : Racegoer Lydia Brown strikes a pose in front of the fountain that sits at the entrance of the Aintree racecourse . Final preparations : A Jockey Club employee puts the finishing touches to the racecourse as the first ladies arrive .