The widow of a cardiac surgeon shot dead at a Boston hospital by his patient 's son has given birth to their fourth child , a baby girl , less than three months after the doctor 's slaying . Brigham and Women 's Hospital announced Monday that Mikaela Jane Davidson was born April 4 . Mikaela 's father , Dr. Michael Davidson , was killed at the hospital January 20 , leaving behind his wife , Dr. Terri Halperin , daughters Kate , 10 , Live , 8 , and their 2-year-old son , Graham . Scroll down for video . New life : Mikaela Jane Davidson was welcomed into the world April 4 , less than three months after her father , Boston heart surgeon Dr Michael Davidson , was shot dead by a deceased patient 's son . Heartbroken : Dr. Terri Halperin -LRB- left -RRB- , a mother of fourth , said in a statement her late husband , Dr Michael Davidson -LRB- right -RRB- , was looking forward to meeting his new baby daughter . ` Michael was very much looking forward to the birth of this beautiful baby girl , ' Halperin said in a statement released through the hospital . ` At a time when my children and I are completely heartbroken over the loss of Michael , we are finding joy in Mikaela 's arrival . ' The hospital said the mother and baby Mikaela , who was named after her father , were both doing well . A beloved surgeon who was targeted and fatally shot by gunman at a Boston hospital on Tuesday was expecting his fourth child with his wife , who is seven months pregnant , it has emerged . Dr Davidson , 44 , from Wellesley , Massachusetts , was shot by Stephen Pasceri , 55 , on the morning of January 20 and passed away late that evening . Pasceri 's relatives suggested that he was angry over the death of his mother , whom Dr Davidson had treated . Vendetta : Accountant Stephen Pasceri -LRB- left and right -RRB- opened fire on Davidson at Boston 's Brigham and Women 's Hospital January 20 . The doctor died and Pasceri , a father of four , took his own life after the shooting . ` You all should be absolutely assured that Michael Davidson was one of the kindest , best possible men that ever walked on this earth , ' colleague Dr. Andrew Eisenhauer said at the time , ABC News reported . ` We knew that and his patients knew that and his family knows that . ' The gunman , an accountant and married father-of-four , had walked into the heart center and asked for Dr Davidson , before shooting him twice and taking his own life in a separate room . In the days after the tragedy , Davidson 's father-in-law told the Boston Herald how the doctor had yelled for patients and staff to flee before he was shot . ` He was a hero - he told everybody to get out , ' he said . ` He started yelling , `` Get out . Get out . '' He knew it was coming . ' He recalled how much he cared for his patients , and added : ` He loved his family . He loved his kids . He loved my daughter to death . ' A fund has been set up for the family here . Left behind : Davidson and his wife Terri , pictured , have two daughters , seven and nine , and a son , two . She was seven months pregnant with their fourth child at the time of the shooting . Mourning : Brigham and Women 's Hospital doctors , from the left , Charles Morris , Andrew Eisenhauer , Daniel Wiener and Pinak Shah appear emotional as they face members of the media to speak about Davidson . Pasceri 's family have said they ca n't understand why he snapped , but they believe he could have been wanting to enact revenge on Dr. Davidson after his mother , Marguerite , died last fall . Davidson had treated Marguerite Pasceri for a cardiovascular condition during her stay at Brigham and Women 's last year . She died on November 15 , 2014 . Pasceri , who was licensed to carry a firearm , may have also been holding a vendetta because of the health care his father Greg received during a fatal hear attack in December 2011 . The Worcester Telegram reported that in 2012 , Pasceri became so furious that his mother had been left with a $ 8,000 medical bill , he wrote to Senator John Kerry and US Rep. James McGovern to demand an investigation . However , the newspaper noted that the Pasceri family had no issue with the level of care received by their father at Massachusetts General Hospital . Pasceri 's sister said she was stunned that her brother had attacked the doctor . Blame game : Marguerite E. -LRB- Olofson -RRB- Pasceri passed away on November 15 , 2014 and it is thought that her son and executor , Stephen Pasceri blamed Dr. Davidson at Brigham and Women 's Hospital for her passing . Heartbroken : Administrators and staff at a leading Boston hospital are mourning the death of a cardiac surgeon who was fatally shot at the hospital by a man who then killed himself . Sadness : The hospital 's logo flag was lowered to half-staff during a Wednesday ceremony to honor Davidson . ` Everything seemed to be going really well . I have no idea why he snapped like this , ' said Marguerite Jolym , according to the Boston Herald . According to Joly , her brother ` deeply loved ' his mother and said her ` warm , compassionate , generous and understanding personality was a gift and example to the world ' . ` I think it comes down to the fact that my brother thought it was the doctor 's fault that my mother died , ' Joly said . ` I do n't know why my brother would blame him . I really do n't know why . ' According to the Boston Herald , Pasceri worked as an accountant for Waters Corp , which is based in Milford . Marguerite Joly said her brother served in the military for a time and was honorably discharged and was a married father of four . ` We ca n't even wrap our brains around this , ' she said . ` There was no indication whatsoever that he would ever do anything like this ... All his ducks were in a row , ' she said . ` This was not a bad , evil man . Something happened , and I do n't know what . ' Response : Boston Police Superintendent-in-Chief William Gross , -LRB- center left -RRB- , walks through a revolving door as he departs the Shapiro building at Brigham and Women 's Hospital on Tuesday after the shooting . Evacuation : Medical personnel walk past law enforcement officials , -LRB- right -RRB- , as they depart the Shapiro building after the cardiologist was shot . Multiple agencies : The FBI , Boston Police Department and the ATF all arrived at the hospital after the incident on Tuesday morning . Boston Police Commissioner William Evans said officers conducting a room-by-room search found the gunman dead in an exam room with the weapon . Shortly after the shooting , one witness said that the Shapiro building had been placed on lockdown and dozens of emergency vehicles had arrived on the scene . ` Once we were clear of the waiting room , there were police officers with their weapons drawn yelling , ` Get down ! Get down , '' said one man to WCVB . Boston Mayor Martin J. Walsh said he was ` deeply saddened ' by Davidson 's death . ` This tragedy is the result of a senseless act of violence that has no place in our City , ' he said in a statement a day after the shooting . Hospital employees are well-drilled for the nightmare scenario of a shooter inside the building . In November 2013 , doctors and nurses and other staff at the world-famous institution underwent training for an active shooter situation and viewed a video for a so-called ` Code Silver ' event .