England must decide whether to stick with the attack that failed to force a first Test win or twist and freshen things up for a second match that is already upon them . The sight of Liam Plunkett and Mark Wood impressing in the nets here on Sunday , and Moeen Ali bowling apparently without discomfort after joining the squad , was a reminder that England have options for the second Test which starts on Tuesday . It would be harsh to blame the bowlers for their inability to take the eight wickets they needed on the final day of the Antigua Test because they threw everything at West Indies on a pitch that refused to deteriorate . Liam Plunkett , pictured with Chris Jordan , is pushing for a place in England 's attack for the second Test . Mark Wood -LRB- pictured -RRB- and Plunkett impressed in the nets on Sunday ahead of the second match of the series . Yet there is no doubting that they were missing an X-factor , with strike bowlers Jimmy Anderson and Stuart Broad down on pace and England refusing to gamble on the inconsistent leg-spin of Adil Rashid . Chris Jordan was the fastest bowler in the first Test , clocked at 91mph , and while it would be a huge surprise if England dropped either Anderson or Broad , there is a case for Plunkett or the impressive Wood to feature . ` Over the next 12 months we are going to need a squad of bowlers who can win us Test matches , ' said vice-captain Ian Bell after England 's first look at the National Stadium here . ` Both Wood and Plunkett are bowling with really good pace and that 's important with so many Test matches to come . ' Moeen Ali has joined up with the England squad after missing the first Test in Antigua through injury . Moeen provides an option for the England selectors while Jonathan Trott appeared in good spirits on Sunday . If Moeen convinces England he is fully fit after recovering from a side injury he will probably replace James Tredwell , who took five wickets in the first Test but is now nursing a shoulder injury . That would add even more depth to an England middle order who all contributed in Antigua , with either Moeen , Ben Stokes or Jos Buttler batting as low as eight on the spice island . Meanwhile , forme rAustralia captain Steve Waugh has urged the ECB to end the ` circus ' surrounding Kevin Pietersen 's potential England recall . Waugh said Pietersen , who was dismissed for 19 in Surrey 's first innings against Glamorgan yesterday , is ` no longer a great player ' and does not deserve to play in this summer 's Ashes series . ` It 's all chaotic , ' said Waugh . ` The ECB have got to clear it up . Just make the decision and stop messing around because you 're creating a circus which is distracting everybody else . '