Foreign GPs now account for 11 per cent of family doctors , new figure show . The number of GPs from abroad is up by 11 per cent in a decade as the NHS tries to combat a shortage of staff . Foreigners now account for almost one family doctor in five although in some areas the proportion is more than two-thirds . Senior doctors say the number will rise further over the next few years because the NHS is so short of homegrown medics . Figures from the Health and Social Care Information Centre show that 22.0 per cent of current GPs gained their qualifications overseas , up from 19.8 per cent in 2004 . But the figure is 71 per cent in Barking and Dagenham , east London , 63 per cent in Medway , Kent , and 58 per cent in North Lincolnshire . The NHS is facing a shortage because many GPs are retiring early . Others are moving overseas in search of better conditions . The Royal College of GPs estimates that the NHS will need to hire at least 8,000 more doctors over the next five years to keep pace with a rising , and ageing , population . The NHS employs 40,584 GPs , of whom 8,941 are from overseas . This is up from 6,921 in 2004 when there were 34,855 family doctors in total . Dr Richard Vautrey , deputy chairman of the British Medical Association 's GP committee , said : ` We need GPs from around the world to support the Health Service , and we simply do n't train enough . ` We need to encourage more students and junior doctors to choose general practice , and to expose them more to general practice , so they see it more as an attractive option for the future . ' The figures do not state where the foreign GPs trained but separate data from the General Medical Council shows many are from India , Pakistan , South Africa and Nigeria . Earlier this year UKIP leader Nigel Farage sparked controversy by claiming that foreign GPs should not be working on the NHS as they did n't speak good enough English . Earlier this year Ukip leader Nigel Farage sparked controversy by claiming that foreign GPs should not work for the NHS because they lack good English . He said : ` Do n't we want to live in a country where we speak the same language ? And is n't it scandalous that we are not training enough nurses and doctors in our own country ? ' Dr Maureen Baker , chairman of the Royal College of GPs , said : ` The NHS -- general practice included -- is staffed by hardworking healthcare professionals from all over the world . ` We are very grateful for the work that doctors from overseas are doing . ' The NHS should train more staff rather than spending £ 2.5 billion a year on locum doctors and agency nurses , a think-tank has suggested . A larger pool of dependable permanent staff would also enhance workforce stability and patient safety , the cross-party Civitas said . The subsequent increase in competition for jobs would also help fill less desirable roles such as those in a & e departments and general practice . The think-tank said the typical charge for a consultant from an agency was £ 1,760 a day , equivalent to a salary of £ 459,000 . Because the salary of an NHS consultant was between £ 75,249 and £ 101,451 , four consultants could be employed for the price of one agency staff member .