It 's the one day of the year you really should n't believe everything you read in the paper . News reporters and advertisers have long enjoyed coming up with ever more cunning hoaxes on April Fools ' Day and today is no exception . This April 1 has seen products and advertisers outdo themselves in their attempt to grab attention and hoodwink consumers , all in the name of fun . Here we bring you the best and most unlikely stories from around the web - and our inboxes . Scroll down for video . The self-tanning shower valve ` enables a radiant glow to be achieved at the touch of a button ' The tanning shower . You can now wash and tan at the same time thanks to a new shower valve from Crosswater . The bathroom brand explained that once its fitted you can choose from varying shades of bronze , from light to mahogany . You might save time tanning but your hair will be ruined ... if only the Digi-Tan shower was real . Piggy back taxi service . ` We want people to really question what it means to travel from A to B ' says Hailo . The taxi app that allows customers to find a black cab wherever they are in London , claims to have launched a piggy back service today . After all , why get stuck in traffic when you could order a strong and fit Hailo employee to carry you around town ? Hailo are promoting their new service 's 360 degree views . Kim K jelly mould and ass-lolly . Kim Kardashian 's bottom has inspired two April Fool gifts . Online gift store Firebox has touted a shiny jelly mould inspired by her bountiful behind . They say : ` Now you can produce a cheeky dessert so voluptuous your dinner guests will think it 's Photoshopped with this well-rounded jelly mould . ` For best results , grease the tin generously for that slippery well-oiled finish . Just do n't forgot to balance a bottle of Champagne on top to complete the perfect party centrepiece . ' Meanwhile , Licktators introduce a ` bootyful ' lollypop of their own - with an 18 rating too . Firebox , creators of the Kim K jelly mould , say ` your dinner guests will think you 've Photoshopped the damned thing ' -LRB- l -RRB- while The Licktators say this sweet treat could ` lead to a big boost in the size of the posterior ' -LRB- r -RRB- . Clear Marmite . Now you can make someone a nice slice of Marmite on toast and they 'd never know it ... until they took a bite . A nightmare for those who ` hate it ' . A spokesperson said : ` The psychological benefits from eating a clear or lighter-coloured spread simply can not be ignored . ` Fifteen years in the making , Marmite Clear is our most innovative new product development to date . ` We are delighted to bring it to market this April and hope all Marmite fans will be utterly transparent in their feedback of this exciting new variant . ' Marmite 's psychologists say ` eating dark-coloured foods for breakfast can provoke feelings of negativity ' The humous face mask . Moorish Humous and the Little Soap Company released a joint April Fools ' story about their wacky new collaboration . They said : ` In testing , two out of two partners agreed their loved ones had never looked more fresh and beautiful . ` After leaving on for five minutes then washing off gently with tepid water ; the sweet scent of garlic with musty smoked undertones smelt temptingly delicious and only a little lingering . ' You 're all laughing now but mixing chickpea flour with turmeric actually makes a great cleansing and exfoliating face mask . ` After leaving on for 5 minutes then washing off gently with tepid water ; the sweet scent of garlic with musty smoked undertones smelt temptingly delicious and only a little lingering ' Pants you can pay with . Firebox have a heap of hoax gadgets ` out ' today , including these -LRB- con -RRB- tactless knickers . A waterproof microchip stitched into the front and back ` allows you to make secure payments with a pelvic thrust or booty pop ' . The online store wrote : ` Touching in and out of the Tube ? Paying for a coffee ? Now you can beat the daily grind with some actual bump and grind . ` A waterproof microchip stitched into the front and back of these tech-filled undies means you can simply give a hearty pelvic thrust or a booty twerk to make secure payments . ' Now you can make secure payments ` with a gentle thrusting action or twerk ' Yolkless eggs . Sainsbury 's say today that ` three quarters of Britons name separating egg whites from yolks as the biggest challenge when it comes to home baking ' , as they launch their yolk-free eggs . Their egg and homebaking buyer Al Bumen , whose name is uncannily close to the other name for egg whites , albumen , said : ` Perfect for meringues , marshmallows and other white-only recipes , it 's no yolk this product will help change the way we bake forever . ' The eggs , laid exclusively for Sainsbury 's by free-range Amber White chickens who eat an all-white diet that includes rice , cauliflower and onions . They must be yolking ! ` Taste the Difference No-Yolk Eggs are set to revolutionise home baking ' Tweeting bra . Whatever the heart wants will be published for the world to see as this ` magic ' bra turns your feelings into tweets . The Ultimo undies with a microfibre finish , monitor physical responses in romantic situations and its ` twitillating ' vibrating feature indicates it 's gathered raw data before converting the vital signs into 140-character posts . It enables women to wear their heart on their ` smart phone in emotional social situations ' . Just what they 've always wanted . Sensors and monitors gather data then turn it into a tweet - letting you ` wear your heart on your sleeve ' Pie-scented candles . Who does n't love the smell of a nice pie in the oven wafting through the house as they come home from work ? Thanks to Pieminster anyone can now ` bring the smell of perfectly-cooked pastry into your home at the strike of a match ' . They insist : ` The delicious smell of baking is a sure way to convince people you 've been slaving over a hot stove for hours , without actually having to step foot into the kitchen . ' Pieminster says its new pie candles can ` bring the smell of perfectly-cooked pastry into your home at the strike of a match ' . Of course they can . Costa and kip . Coffee chain coffee are apparently offering more than caffeine to help refresh customers . Now they can wear an Ostrich pillow for 15-minute power nap , and nod off at their table . A kindly barista will wake them with their favourite Costa drink . Many people probably wish this was real . Marketing jokers at Costa had some fun with an Ostrich Pillow for this fake ad . Leafeater . A Beefeater-commissioned consumer study discovered a sea-change in UK tastes , and so the steakhouse have ` rebranded as all-vegan restaurant chain - Leafeater ' . They 've replaced fillet steak with portobello mushroom , rib-eye steak for aubergine flat bread with spinach and the 18oz Porterhouse steak for tofu and kale . There could be something in this ! Beefeater say they 've gone vegan and replaced steak for salads after a rebrand to ` Leafeater '