Police have confirmed the body of a woman found in the boot of her car is that of 35-year-old missing public servant Daniela D'Addario . A 27-year-old man , believed to be her boyfriend , has been charged with her murder after fleeing from officers when they stopped the car and made the grim discovery on Wednesday night , in Bermagui , on the NSW south coast . Ms D'Addario , a former teacher at Canberra High School , had been in a ` very tumultuous relationship ' with Josaia ` Joey ' Vosikata , 27 , for about four months friends say . She found out a month ago that he had a secret wife and children back home in Fiji after he moved into her apartment in Canberra . Ms D'Addario and Mr Vosikata were reported missing by her concerned family members in the ACT on Monday . Scroll down for video . Missing 35-year-old public servant Daniela D'Addario has been found dead in her car . Ms D'Addario 's body was found in the boot of her blue Hyundai Getz just after 8.30 pm on Wednesday . Ms D'Addario 's friend Chris Reid told the Daily Telegraph : ` When she found out he had a wife and kids in Fiji she left him but then , unbeknown to us the reasons , she got back together with him . ' Mr Reid told the Canberra Times Ms D'Addario was as ` a beautiful girl ' . ` She 's funny , she 's witty , she 's always the life of the party . She 's gorgeous - with beautiful big eyes . Always generous and caring and a big animal lover , ' he said . Daniela has been described by friends as ` a beautiful girl ' after she was found murdered . Her boyfriend was extradited from NSW to the ACT on Friday and was charged with her murder . A 27-year-old man was arrested in the Bermagui area at about 4.30 pm on Thursday after fleeing into bushland at around 8.30 pm on Wednesday . He was taken to Batemans Bay police station and has since been extradited to the ACT . An ACT police spokesperson confirmed to Daily Mail Australia that he has been charged with Ms D'Addario 's murder and will face the ACT Magistrates Court on Friday where bail will be opposed . The couple had reportedly been in a ` very tumultuous relationship ' for about four months . Mr Vosikata -LRB- left -RRB- reportedly has a wife and children back in Fiji . One of Mr Vosikata 's relatives wrote on Facebook in Fijian on Friday : ` Stand firm small bro . What are you worried about . We all know you . The people of naibati is praying for you . ' One of Mr Vosikata 's relatives wrote on Facebook in Fijian on Friday : ` Stand firm small bro . What are you worried about . We all know you . The people of naibati is praying for you . ' Channel 7 News captured the moment when he was finally arrested by police . Officers were shown chasing the man into bushland and over a fence before pouncing on him . ` We believe there may have been some sort of domestic relationship that had soured . As a result of that information we were on the lookout for that vehicle , ' Detective Superintendent Peter O'Brien said earlier on Thursday . Police stopped the man in a blue Hyundai Getz car on the Bermagui to Tathra Road in the Bega Valley - the same car that Ms D'Addario was reported to have been driving when she went missing with Mr Vosikata on Monday . The couple were believed to have been staying in the Bermagui area after last being seen on Sunday . Detective Acting Sergeant Jason Taylor previously described her car saying : ` They may have been travelling in Daniela 's car which was a silver or light blue Hyundai Getz . ' A police officer grabs the man who had been on the run over night after a woman 's body was allegedly found in his car . ` Show me your hands ! ' the arresting police officer screamed at the man in footage captured by Channel 7 . The man meekly does as he is told before being taken away by police . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .