Tom Cleverley has hailed Tim Sherwood 's style and insists Aston Villa 's attacking gambles are paying off . The midfielder helped Villa reach the FA Cup final after their 2-1 last-four victory over Liverpool on Sunday . Christian Benteke and Fabian Delph scored to cancel out Philippe Coutinho 's opener as Villa booked a final showdown with Arsenal on May 30 . Tom Cleverley has lauded the impact of Tim Sherwood after reaching the FA Cup final with Aston Villa . Sherwood celebrates after Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday . Christian Benteke -LRB- second right -RRB- levelled for Villa after Liverpool took the lead through Philippe Coutinho . And Manchester United loanee Cleverley reckons boss Sherwood 's gameplans are allowing Villa to express themselves and clinch results . ` He has brought an attacking style of football . At times we gamble , and it is a case of entertaining the fans and that 's what was needed to bring back to the football club , ' he said . ` Along with some fantastic defensive displays , we are good to watch and it 's -LRB- a -RRB- great -LRB- team -RRB- to play in . ` I 'm playing with four fantastic midfielders here in Westy -LRB- Ashley Westwood -RRB- , Carlos -LRB- Sanchez -RRB- and Delphy , so it 's an absolute pleasure to play with them every week and I 'm really enjoying my football . ' Holders Arsenal , who beat Hull 3-2 after extra-time last May , have thrashed Villa 3-0 and 5-0 in the Premier League this season and will go into the final as clear favourites . But Cleverley dismissed any suggestion the game is a foregone conclusion and believes Villa can stun the Gunners to win their first major trophy since 1996 . Villa midfield player Fabian Delph -LRB- left -RRB- scored the winner for his side in the 54th minute . Cleverley -LRB- second right -RRB- celebrates Delph 's goal with Villa team-mates and says they 're confident for the final . ` I think The FA Cup final is a one-off day . Hull nearly managed to do it against them last year and we 'll be going into the match in full confidence , ' the 25-year-old told TheFA.com . ` When we have played Arsenal this year we have been in bad spells , but hopefully come Saturday , May 30 , we will be right on form . ` It has n't sunk in yet that we will be playing for a major trophy in a massive final - it 's -LRB- a -RRB- hugely proud moment . '