The petite Thai woman sitting by Sir John Madejski presents herself initially as a typical grandmother . She is also co-chairman of Reading Football Club with Madejski . Lady Sasima Srivikorn is in her 70s with an endearing laugh and a royal blue scarf she has knitted especially for Saturday 's FA Cup semi-final against Arsenal at Wembley . Like 73-year-old Madejski , Lady Sasima is something of an eccentric . Educated at London 's Guildhall School of Music and Drama in the 1950s , she has been a singer and composer who wrote the theme song for the Asian Games . ` It was called Reach For The Stars , ' she says proudly before talking enthusiastically about her involvement with the Bangkok Symphony Orchestra and her autobiography , A Life By Chance . Reading co-owners Lady Sasima Srivikorn and Sir John Madejski spoke to Sportsmail 's Matt Lawton . The Championship club will swap the Madejski Stadium for Wembley on Saturday in the FA Cup semi-final . But then she offers a chilling insight into what it is to be one of Thailand 's most powerful women , a super-rich Harvard Business School graduate who became the first female on the Thai Airways board . Madejski listens intently as the woman he credits with rescuing Reading last September talks about the night in 2014 when three men armed with M16 automatic weapons fired on her house in north-east Thailand . She believes the incident was provoked by the political activities of her daughter and son-in-law . The previous day they had instigated a peaceful public demonstration after seeing the former wife of Thaksin Shinawatra -- ex-Thai prime minister and one-time owner of Manchester City -- in a Bangkok shopping mall . Shinawatra was removed from power in 2006 in a military coup after allegations of corruption . Jamie Mackie celebrates after scoring Reading 's third goal against Bradford to secure their victory . Reading beat Bradford 3-0 in a quarter-final reply at the Madejski to secure their Wembley semi-final . Lady Sasima says her daughter was still angry about the corruption , explaining : ` The next day I am with friends at my house . We had been playing cards until about 2 am . We had just gone to bed . And I had 100 bullets from an M16 shot at my house . ` They did n't mean to kill . They just wanted to scare , to threaten , but bullets hit my bathroom . The windows in my bedroom . ' Presumably she now goes everywhere under armed guard ? ` No , ' she says . ` There 's no use having security . If someone really wants to kill me , they can kill me any time . It 's funny , when I realised it was a machine gun I thought it was the moment when I was about to die but I was very calm , not frightened at all . ' ` This is one hell of a wise lady -- and very modest too , ' says Madejski admiringly . When I first saw Lady Sasima at the hotel at the Madejski Stadium , she was seated at the head of a table having breakfast with five Thai gentlemen . One was Pairoj Piempongsant , who brokered the deal when Shinawatra bought City in 2007 and is now senior adviser to the four-strong Thai consortium that purchased Reading last year . ` In business I 'm probably more comfortable with men . I find them more straight-forward , ' she explains now she is in the Lady Sasima Suite that boasts a perfect view of the pitch . Reading players mob goalscorer Garath McCleary during their 3-0 FA Cup quarter-final win over Bradford . Sportsmail 's Martin Keown gives the lowdown on Reading 's players to watch ahead of the Arsenal match . ` The people you saw me having breakfast with are involved in politics . And you may have recognised Pairoj Piempongsant . He is a very nice man who has the knowledge and contacts we need . ' As the owner of a 25 per cent stake in Reading , Lady Sasima is clearly not about to let Piempongsant run the show , however . ` I started in business when I was 25 , ' she says . ` My late husband 's parents passed away and we had some money . We started with a school -- which one of my daughters now runs -- and then we had a hotel -- but my biggest passion is land . I like real estate . I like to create things . It allows me to use my imagination . ' She appears to be thinking along these lines with Reading . The consortium has already invested heavily in the club 's academy , building 13 pitches . She says she is also in discussion with Reading Council and talks of a vision of ` a second London ' along the M4 corridor . ` I love this town , ' she says . For Reading FC the longer-term vision is clear . A club that has twice before been promoted to the Barclays Premier League want to return under manager Steve Clarke . ` That is the ambition , ' she says and Madejski nods in agreement . Arsenal , pictured in training on Friday , will provide a tough test for Steve Clarke 's Reading on Saturday . Madejski and Lady Sasima pose for a photo at the Madejski Stadium during their chat with Sportsmail . Madejski sees the Thai consortium as Reading 's saviours , given the financial difficulties the club endured after selling to Anton Zingarevich . The cash the Russian was expected to invest when he bought Reading in 2012 never materialised and after a period Madejski described as the ` most stressful of my life ' , Lady Sasima and her colleagues stepped in . ` They have been like a breath of fresh air . I ca n't tell you how excited I am about the future , ' he says . By his own admission Madejski needed to sell . He did a remarkable job with his hometown club , building the stadium as well as overseeing their rise to the top flight for the first time . But reports have suggested he lost the best part of £ 300million between 2008 and 2014 and he does not deny it . ` I 'm not sure it was quite that much , ' he says , ` but I lost a heck of a lot of dosh . ' ` Not on football ? ' Lady Sasima asks , a little nervously . ` No , no , ' says Madejski , with a laugh . ` An entrepreneur 's life is cyclical . I 'm just pleased we can now look forward in a positive way . ' Reading man Hal Robson-Kanu battles with Bournemouth 's Andrew Surman in the Royals ' last game . Lady Sasima and Madejski are excited about Saturday and have a long-term ambition to get to the top flight . When it comes to Saturday evening 's match , Reading 's first FA Cup semi-final since 1927 , this pair of septuagenarians -- possibly the oddest couple in sport -- are giddy with excitement . Lady Sasima talks of the ` honour ' of playing Arsenal and the thrill of taking family , friends and business associates to Wembley . A man who has been defined by triumph over adversity , Madejski loves the fact that his team are underdogs . In 12 previous attempts they have never beaten Arsenal . Madejski talks movingly about being in foster care after his mother was ostracised by her family for a wartime fling that led to his arrival . ` Being illegitimate was n't the most ennobling start , ' he says . ` I feel sorry for my mother . She never really got over the fact of me . The pair are desperate to take their club back to the promised land of the Premier League . Reading boss Clarke has a tough test to come through on Saturday when his side face Arsenal at Wembley . ` I found out who my father was only 10 years ago . I never met him but his name was William Adshead . Quite ironic really when you think I became an `` ads head '' with the Auto Trader business . He was from Liverpool which is probably why I get on well with Cilla Black . ' Now Lady Sasima is the one listening intently . ` I did n't know Sir John 's story until after we bought the club , ' she says , ` but he is a real gentleman . When my sons heard about me buying Reading they were all shocked . The first question they asked me was `` where is your business model ? '' ` I said there is n't one . I do n't think there can be in football . You just have to be passionate , dedicated and perhaps lucky . ` Everyone thinks I 'm crazy . Everyone asks why ? Why football ? Why now ? But you have this team that wins and loses . It 's woken me up . Made me feel more alert . ' Madejski gives her a squeeze . ` And it 's fun , ' he says .