A quadriplegic , former Indy Racing League driver got a chance to drive on the Long Beach Grand Prix road course track Sunday thanks to the creators of a modified 2014 Corvette C7 Stingray . When Sam Schmidt became paralyzed from the neck down after crashing during testing in Orlando in 2000 , his team thought he would never walk , let alone , drive again , according to ESPN . Although he defied the odds last spring , driving on the Indianapolis Motor Speedway , Schmidt conquered a trickier task Sunday : navigating the twists and sharp turns of the famous street course in Long Beach . Overcoming : Sam Schmidt -LRB- photographed -RRB- drove a sports car on the Long Beach Grand Prix road course Sunday despite being paralyzed from the neck down . Independent : Schmidt conquered a the 11-turn circuit Sunday in a modified 2014 Corvette C7 Stingray -- a vehicle which allowed Schmidt to navigate the car independently using only his head and mouth . Schmidt took to the course about an hour before the Grand Prix and did nearly two laps around the 11-turn circuit in the modified Corvette . He said it was an ` unbelievable experience . ' ` Coming here for 25 years with my parents , I always wanted to race here , but never had the opportunity so it 's a really , really special day , ' he said . ` It 's a totally different experience sitting here . There 's bumps you do n't see from the TV and video games do n't do it justice . ' SAM Car : Schmidt completed the difficult task with the help of a semi-autonomous motorcar , or SAM car -LRB- photographed -RRB- . Racetrack : The modified car includes integrated advanced electronics and a human-to-machine interface which allows quadriplegics -- like Schmidt -- to safely operate the vehicle under ` racetrack conditions ' Schmidt completed the difficult task with the help of a semi-autonomous motorcar , or SAM car . The SAM car is a collaborative venture between Arrow Electronics , Inc. , Freescale ® Semiconductor , Schmidt Peterson Motorsports and Conquer Paralysis Now , according to Business Wire . Arrow leads the development . The modified car includes integrated advanced electronics and a human-to-machine interface which allows quadriplegics -- like Schmidt -- to safely operate the vehicle under ` racetrack conditions , ' according to Arrow 's website . * Based on reports from Arrow . The car includes an infrared camera system , a sip/puff system , a computer system , GPS technology , and a safety system . ` This is probably the most fun and less stress that I 'll see all day , ' Schmidt said . ` Being on the stand is not as fun as this ... In the IndyCar Series it 's a team effort and this is a team effort with this group of engineers . It 's pretty nice to being to drive this car again . ' Drive : When Sam Schmidt -LRB- photographed before the accident -RRB- became paralyzed from the neck down after crashing during testing in Orlando in 2000 , his team thought he would never walk , let alone , drive again . Schmidt reached a top speed of 80 mph at the track , which was less than what he reached at Indianapolis last spring . But this feat involved the tricky turns around Long Beach streets . Just one year after the life-changing crash , he founded Sam Schmidt Motorsports and in 2013 formed Schmidt Peterson Motorsports along with Ric Peterson .