What 's worse than finding a cockroach in your Big Mac ? Half a cockroach . After a stressful day of moving house , Annah Sophia Stevenson decided to get takeaway from Blenheim McDonald 's for herself and her three-year-old son Luca at about 5.20 pm on Saturday . The cosmetic artist , from New Zealand , found that after taking three bites of her burger something was not right and then pulled a half eaten , disemboweled cockroach out of her mouth . Scroll down for video . A New Zealand woman discovered a cockroach after taking three bites into her Big Mac burger . ` I was working on it for about three or four seconds , I thought it was a bit of gristly meat , ' Ms Stevenson told the Marlborough Express . ` The guts were hanging out and it had a big hole in the middle of it . ' Ms Stevenson said she was trying to work her teeth through what must of been the insect 's shell . After rushing to the bathroom to vomit , Ms Stevenson brushed her teeth only to find a piece of black shell lodged between her teeth . Ms Stevenson said she was trying to work her teeth through what must of been the insect 's shell . The mother of one took to her Facebook account to post the alarming discovery after her McDonald 's meal . ` I just could n't cope , it felt like every time I swallowed I was swallowing bits of it , ' she said . ` The incident was like something out of Fear Factor . ' Shortly after the alarming discovery , the mother of one took to her Facebook account on Saturday night to post her horrible experience . ` Thanks McDonalds Blenheim , for the cockroach Big Mac . Only thing worse than finding it , was only finding half of it -LRB- have I consumed the other part ? -RRB- and it was while I was chewing on it thinking it was a bit tough so pulled it out !!! , ' she wrote . ` I feel violated , ill , traumatised , and disgusted . ' The post has attracted more than 300 shares and several comments from family and friends . She usually avoids fast foods as she tries to keep healthy but due to her rushed time she ordered the meal . McDonald 's have organised to pick up the evidence from Ms Stevenson in order to aid their investigation . The 26-year-old has yet to contact Blenheim McDonald 's as she does not want to be bombarded with complimentary food vouchers . ` I 'll never , ever eat another Big Mac as long as I live , ' she said . According to Fairfax , McDonald 's head of communications Simon Kenny said the incident would be investigated and McDonald 's will pick up what remains of the evidence from Ms Stevenson . The mother said her family usually avoids fast foods in an attempt to keep healthy but ordered the meal due to time pressure . Along with her burger , she also ordered a McNugget Happy Meal and cheeseburger for her son and an icecream sundae and apple pie .