Tottenham will take on the very best players from Major League Soccer when they compete in the 2015 at & t MLS All Stars game as part of the pre-season preparations in the summer . The annual showpiece will take place at Dick 's Sporting Goods Park , the home of the Colorado Rapids , on July 29 in what is the 20th edition of the All Star match . What started off as a clash between the Eastern and Western Conferences in the United States is now contested by an overseas club . Recent participants include Bayern Munich , Manchester United and Chelsea . Colorado Rapids ' Dick 's Sporting Goods Park hosted the MLS All-Star game against Celtic in 2007 . Wayne Rooney came face-to-face with David Beckham when Manchester United played in the MLS All-Star match in 2011 . The fixture , which will be broadcast on Sky Sports , will be the only pre-season fixture that Tottenham will play outside of Europe and head coach Mauricio Pochettino is looking forward to returning to the US after the club 's tour last summer . ` We 'd like to thank Major League Soccer for the invitation to take part in the 2015 All-Star Game , ' Pochettino told the club 's official website . ` The fact that this will be our only fixture outside of Europe during pre-season says a lot about how we view this game . Tottenham return to the US after a three-match tour last summer - Ryan Mason pictured in action against Chicago Fire . Spurs head coach Mauricio Pochettino is looking forward to returning to the US for the fixture . ` We enjoyed three tough matches last summer in North America and the quality of football in MLS continues to grow every year . ` Pre-season is an important time for us and we are looking forward to being a part of one of the biggest events on the US football calendar . ` We know the quality of the facilities will be top-class and we see this fixture against the best players from MLS as good preparation . ' Former US international goalkeeper Brad Friedel applauds supporters during clash against Chicago Fire . ` The at & t MLS All-Star Game continues to be one of the most entertaining and widely anticipated traditions for our League and for our sport in North America , ' said MLS President and Deputy Commissioner Mark Abbott . ` We are excited to welcome another world-class opponent in Tottenham and look forward to a competitive match and a tremendous week of events . ` We know that the Colorado Rapids , one of our inaugural clubs , will be great hosts and that Dick 's Sporting Goods Park will impress both the fans in the stadium and television viewers throughout the world . '