Nervous , I was : Mark Hamill , who played Luke Skywalker in the original Star Wars films , said he had some reservations about Abrams . Mark Hamill knew he had to say yes when George Lucas told him about the plans to move forward with a new Star Wars trilogy . ` It 's not like a choice . It 's like I was drafted , ' Hamill told a massive crowd Saturday night at Star Wars Celebration of his decision to reprise his role as Luke Skywalker in Star Wars : The Force Awakens . ` Could you imagine if for some reason I said ` I do n't think I want to do it ? ' I would have all of you surrounding my house like villagers , angry villagers with lightsabers instead of torches , ' joked the 63-year-old Star Wars veteran . Hamill admitted he was caught off guard when Lucas invited him to lunch . When Hamill 's wife surmised that perhaps there was a new film in the works , Hamill laughed . Lucas had told him specifically that he was done making Star Wars movies after the prequels . He assumed Lucas was going to announce a 3-D release or roll out another box set of the films , laughing about the number of versions that have been made available . Still , his interest was piqued when Lucas disinvited Hamill 's daughter . He knew that meant it must be big . When things started coming together , Hamill said he was cautiously optimistic about J.J. Abrams , the chosen director for The Force Awakens . ` I was a little suspicious because he was a Star Trek guy , ' said Hamill , laughing . The actor quickly clarified that he likes Star Trek . ` It just seems odd , ' he said . They 're back : Hamill is pictured above with Carrie Fisher , who played Princess Leia , and Anthony Daniels , who played C-3PO . Oldschool : Hamill is pictured left with Fisher and Harrison Ford , who plays Han Solo , in the first Star Wars film . He went on to compliment Abrams for his inclusiveness . Abrams , Hamill noted , is also the first ` Star Wars ' director to be borne out of true fandom of the original films . ` He feels the way you feel in terms of wanting practical effects . Real sets , ' he said . Keeping in line with the secrecy surrounding The Force Awakens , which opens on December 18 , Hamill said he is always worried about leaking information . He claims he even learned the subtitle of the seventh film on the Internet . ` They 're so secretive these days , ' said Hamill . ` When we did the first one no one cared . ' Hamill was ` cleared ' to tell the packed house that he did record a voiceover specifically for the new teaser trailer , which debuted on Thursday during the Celebration kick-off panel . This image released by Lucasfilm shows a scene from ` Star Wars : The Force Awakens , ' the highly anticipated film by J.J. Abrams that hits theaters Dec. 18 . -LRB- Lucasfilm via AP -RRB- . In the teaser , we hear Luke 's voice saying a familiar , but slightly altered line from Return of the Jedi : ` The force is strong in my family . My father has it . I have it . My sister has it . You have that power too . ' He laughed and said that he kept messing up and saying : ` My father had it . ' The end result is a combination of the original recording and Hamill 's new session , the actor said . After playing the trailer once more in the large arena , Hamill marveled that there is ` so much information there for you to speculate about ' embedded in the footage . ` It implies so much that 's gone on from -LSB- Return of the -RSB- Jedi till now , ' he said . ` They do n't call it a teaser for nothing . They want to tease you . ' Doing the double : J.J. Abrams is pictured above signing items for fans . He directed the rebooted Star Trek film before moving on to rival franchise Star Wars .