An African-American woman fired from a Maryland Hooters in 2013 sued the ` breastaurant ' - and is now set to receive thousands of dollars from an arbitration ruling . Plaintiff Farryn Johnson has said the Baltimore restaurant where she worked had an issue with her blonde highlights . Johnson claimed in an interview with WBAL , ` I decided to put highlights in my hair , blonde in particular . And when I came in to work , management was not happy about the highlights being added to my hair . ' Scroll down for video . Waitress : Farryn Johnson was fired from a Maryland Hooters in 2013 sued the breastaurant - and is now set to receive thousands of dollars from an arbitration ruling . Workplace issues : Johnson has claimed a supervisor at the Hooters where she worked -LRB- pictured -RRB- had an issue with her getting blonde highlights . Johnson continued ` And the manager at the time literally said `` You ca n't have blonde , cause black people do n't have blonde hair . '' ' Johnson told the television station she was given reduced shifts , written warnings , and later terminated . An arbitrator determined Johnson was let go illegally and as a result of racial discrimination , WBAL reported . He also reportedly said Hooters violated state civil rights laws , as well as federal ones . According to WBAL , Johnson has been awarded $ 250,000 for both her legal fees and lost wages . Ruling : An arbitrator recently ruled in Johnson 's favor . She is seen here in 2013 . Johnson 's attorney Andrew Levy told the television station ` I hope that Hooters sees this as an opportunity to make improvements in the way they train their managers and they way they deal with their employees . ' In a statement , Hooters said ' -LSB- Johnson -RSB- claimed that Hooters actions were discriminatory and that the company does not allow African-American women to wear colors in their hair that are not natural for their ethnicity . Nothing could be further from the truth . ' ` Ms. Johnson 's claims of discrimination are simply without merit , ' the company said . The arbitrator 's decision in the case was ` adverse and flawed , ' Hooters said . ` Contrary to exaggerated reports , Ms. Johnson did not receive $ 250,000 in back pay , but rather only $ 11,886.40 , while her attorneys on the other hand received approximately $ 244,000 in attorneys ' fees , ' the restaurant chain 's statement said .