A Texas state trooper who did what millions of hip-hop fans would love to do and posed for a picture with Snoop Dogg was told he has `` deficiencies indicating need for counseling ' . Department of Public Safety trooper Billy Spears posed for the photograph with Snoop at South by Southwest in Austin after the rap icon delivered his keynote speech . Spears , who is based out of the state 's Gilmer office , posed for the photo at the rapper 's request . Scroll down for video . Department of Public Safety trooper Billy Spears -LRB- left -RRB- was disciplined last week for posing with Snoop Dogg . Snoop requested the photo at South by Southwest in Austin after the rap icon delivered his keynote speech . Spears ' bosses called Snoop a figure who has a ` criminal background including numerous drug charges ' After his publicist took the photo , Snoop - whose real name is Calvin Broadus - posted it to Instagram with the caption : ` Me n my deputy dogg ' . Spears ' bosses at DPS saw the posting and then cited him , according to the Dallas Morning News . The official reprimand read : ` While working a secondary employment job , Trooper Spears took a photo with a public figure who has a well-known criminal background including numerous drug charges . ` The public figure posted the photo on social media and it reflects poorly on the Agency . ' The counseling advised Spears to say no when people ask for a picture with him . Snoop has convictions for drug possession and stood trial for murder in 1993 before being acquitted . Since Spears was only reprimanded with counseling , DPS does not view the penalty as a formal disciplinary action and the trooper can not appeal . DPS spokesman Tom Vinger said on Wednesday : ` DPS does not typically discuss or release specifics of personnel issues unless they result in disciplinary action as outlined in Government Code 411.00755 and 411.0072 . ` Supervisors counsel and coach employees on a regular basis , and these efforts do not constitute formal discipline by the department . ' The counseling advised Spears to say no when people ask for a picture with him but that 's about it . Attorney Ty Clevenger is representing Spears and covering the case on his blog . He wrote : ` DPS claims that the counseling forms are not really discipline , therefore the employee has no right to appeal . ` Yet those counseling incidents can block a trooper 's chances for promotion or advancement . ` So it appears that DPS commanders are papering Billy 's file with counseling incidents because they ca n't prove that he violated any law , order , or policy , and they know that he will beat them with the law and the facts if he is given an opportunity to appeal . ' Clevenger is calling public attention to the situation and has written letters to officials at DPS . It seems the Department of Public Safety has a problem with Snoop but Austin police seem okay with him .