A spring snowstorm and icy roads caught Colorado drivers by surprise Friday , causing a 39-vehicle pileup near Boulder and other bad wrecks that shut down highways during the morning commute . No serious injuries were reported in the crashes on U.S. Highway 36 between Boulder and Denver , but tow-truck drivers were kept busy hauling away damaged cars . Lisa Lai told the Daily Camera newspaper she avoided hitting a crash in front of her and ended up propped against a highway barrier -- and out of the way -- as other peoples ' vehicles piled up . A tow truck driver works to clear the scene of a multi-vehicle pileup on U.S. Highway 36 , Friday near Boulder , Colo. . A car is stuck under a semi tractor trailer at the scene of a multi-vehicle pileup on U.S. Highway 36 . Numerous crashes and spin outs on icy and snowy highways have closed portions of several interstates and highways in the Denver and Colorado Springs area as well as the mountains . ` My car was just sitting there on this little island on its own , ' she said . ` It was pretty surreal . I feel pretty lucky today . ' In Aurora , near Denver , one person died after being thrown from an Oldsmobile Bravada that lost control and rolled on an icy stretch of Interstate 225 , striking a passing public bus . The only person on the bus was its driver , who was n't hurt . Another person in the Oldsmobile was taken to a hospital with injuries that were not life-threatening , police said . Near Fort Carson , the Colorado State Patrol responded to a series of rush-hour crashes involving a total of nearly 20 cars . In the mountains , Interstate 70 was temporarily closed after several trucks spun out on snowy Vail Pass . At lower elevations , the storm left only light snow on grass , and roads were largely clear because of recent warm weather . However , motorists driving at normal speeds were surprised by icy patches , especially on bridges , said Trooper James Schmidt of the Colorado State Patrol . ` We 're in Colorado . We have four seasons in one day , ' Schmidt said after the sun emerged . A tow truck driver works to clear the scene of cleanup on the pileup on . Drivers of damaged cars wait at the scene of a multi-vehicle pileup . No serious injuries were reported in the crashes on U.S. Highway 36 between Boulder and Denver , but tow-truck drivers were kept busy hauling away damaged cars . And drought-weary Californians , who ca n't expect much encouragement from mountains elsewhere in the West : Snow that fills the Colorado River is lagging , too , officials said Friday . The snowpack in the Colorado and Wyoming valleys where the river originates now ranges from 51 to 79 per cent of normal , said Brian Domonkos , Colorado supervisor of the U.S. Department of Agriculture snow survey , which monitors snowfall and water availability . The Colorado River supplies water to about 40 million people and 6,300 square miles of farmland in seven states , including California . A driver stands amid vehicles involved in an accident on wrecked cars . The Rocky Mountain snow that melts into the river does n't flow directly to California and other downstream users . Instead , it 's held in a series of reservoirs that release enough water to fulfill the legal allotments to southwestern states under a series of agreements and court rulings . The reservoirs have sufficient water to provide California and other downstream states with their full shares this year and for the foreseeable future , said Matthew Allen , a spokesman for the federal Bureau of Reclamation , which manages the reservoir system . California also gets water from the Sierra Nevada range , where the snow cover was the lowest it has ever been in 65 years of record-keeping as of Wednesday . Warm temperatures and scarce snowfall in early March caused the snowpack in Colorado to shrink significantly . ` To see the decline that we saw at the beginning of March , that is abnormal , ' Domonkos said . ` And to see it continue almost unabated , almost to now , that 's quite abnormal . ' Emergency personnel and tow truck drivers work to clear the scene of a multi-vehicle pileup . A storm brought up to 11 inches of snow on Thursday and Friday to parts of the Colorado mountains and foothills , but much of it fell east of the Continental Divide and will eventually melt into the South Platte and Arkansas rivers . Preliminary readings showed the snowpack on Friday in the South Platte basin was 87 per cent of normal and 79 percent of normal in the Arkansas basin . The U.S. Drought Monitor says 40 per cent of California is in an exceptional drought , the most severe category , and another 25 per cent is in an extreme drought , the second-most severe . A pedestrian moves along a sidewalk while framed by branches covered with snow from a spring storm in Denver . A cows grazes as her calves lay next to her on a farm after a light snow , near Eldorado Springs , Colo. , not far from a lagging Colorado River . Gov. Jerry Brown ordered mandatory , statewide water cutbacks by cities and towns , aiming for a 25 percent cut in water use . Extreme drought conditions also spread into Nevada and southern Oregon , along with smaller pockets in Utah and Arizona . Milder drought conditions extend across the rest of the West , except for most of Montana and Wyoming . Other states served by the Colorado River are Arizona , New Mexico , Utah and Nevada . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .