An Armenian expat who shows Australians how to cook a ` real barbecue ' has become an internet sensation after his daughter posted his hilarious video online . Yervand Garginian , a 60-year-old bus driver from South Croydon in Melbourne , filmed himself cooking chicken on an open charcoal barbecue using a traditional ` khorovats ' recipe at a recent family gathering . In the video Mr Garginian , who moved to Australia from Armenia in 1977 , dismisses the Australian-style barbecue of cooking ` oily ' sausages . His daughter Elizabeth Garginian , 24 , posted the video to Reddit and it has since been viewed more than five million times after it was shared across Facebook , YouTube and Instagram . Scroll down for video . An Armenian expat who shows Australians how to cook a ` real barbecue ' has become an internet sensation . Yervand Garginian -LRB- left -RRB- , a 60-year-old bus driver from South Croydon in Melbourne , filmed the video at his nephew Albert 's -LRB- right -RRB- house during a recent family gathering . In the video Mr Garginian says : ` Hi guys , I want to tell you what , this is the real barbecue OK ? ` Not your barbecue with the sausage , it 's all oily thing you eating , this is the real barbecue which is called Armenian barbecue . ` Once you eat you 're going to eat your fingers together too , and then you 're going feel sorry you eat your fingers . ' Ms Garginian said she never anticipated the video would be so popular when she first posted it from her clothing business Casual Dress Day 's YouTube account . ` My boyfriend posted it on Reddit and within one hour it was on the top page of videos , and within the next hour it was on the front page of Reddit and it went to number two , ' she told Daily Mail Australia . In the video Mr Garginian , who moved to Australia from Armenia in 1977 , dismisses the Australian-style barbecue of cooking ` oily ' sausages . He is pictured here with his wife Hasmik . ` We were awake all night staring at it - it was crazy . ` I think it 's just because it 's funny , the way my dad explains it is funny . ' Ms Garginian said her father was enjoying his newfound internet fame . ` He 's pretty excited , he 's happy that the whole world 's seen his barbecue . ' The video was filmed at her cousin Albert 's house to celebrate a new veranda Mr Garginian had just helped to build . Ms Garginian said the chicken was marinated in spices overnight according to a secret family recipe . She said her family often gathers together so her father and uncles can cook the traditional barbecue for everyone . His daughter Elizabeth -LRB- right -RRB- and her boyfriend Denis Arbatov -LRB- left -RRB- posted the video to Reddit . ` All the uncles will gather around early and stand around the barbecue and drink vodka , ' Ms Garginian said . ` Whenever my dad and uncles have been out at parks doing Armenian barbecue they always receive attention from the public , and they always let people come over and try some to share our culture . ` Whenever they 're doing it the smell takes over the whole street . ' Ms Garginian added that unlike her father , she also enjoys Australian-style barbecues . ` I like sausages on the barbecue , I like a sausage sizzle , but it 's so different to the type of barbecue we do . '