It was supposed to be the place where Stephanie Scott was to spend the happiest day of her life , instead her wedding venue seemed like the loneliest place on the planet . A guest list of 120 people had been invited to Stephanie and her fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley 's wedding at the picturesque Eat Your Greens venue 2 km outside the tiny town of Eugowra , in New South Wales ' central west region . These same guests were now 275 km and three hours ' drive away after attending a heart-breaking ceremony at Mountford Park in Leeton , as Stephanie 's family and friends honoured the 26-year-old teacher 's memory . The popular high school teacher was last seen on Easter Sunday , which sparked a widespread search until police found the remains of a body at a national park on Friday - the day before Ms Scott 's big day . It was supposed to be the place where Stephanie Scott was to spend the happiest day of her life , instead her wedding venue seemed like the loneliest place on the planet . A guest list of 120 people had been invited to Stephanie and her fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley 's wedding at the picturesque Eat Your Greens venue . The couple 's wedding venue is 2 km outside the tiny town of Eugowra , in New South Wales ' central west region . But on Saturday , the wedding venue was locked up and deserted as guests instead paid tribute to Ms Scott at her memorial service which was held 275 km and three hours ' drive away from Eat Your Greens . The car park was empty and silent , with only the sound of crickets and toads in the nearby countryside . The planned wedding venue was locked up and the car park was empty and silent , with only the sound of crickets and toads in the nearby countryside . The grounds surrounding the premises were immaculate , and in the middle there was a hallway of trees that looked like an aisle . You could imagine guests chatting happily around the grounds . The only sign that Stephanie 's wedding was due to take place there was a touching memorial at the venue 's entrance , which was made up of flower bouquets and yellow balloons . ` Generally the place is lively with people enjoying themselves on a Saturday night . There 's always something going on there . I was wondering why it was so quiet , ' one neighbour said . Tributes to Ms Scott were left at the gates of her wedding venue . Her big day was supposed to take place on Saturday . But it was pointless to think of what could have been - where there should have been laughter there was now only an eerie stillness . It was a haunting place , and one that a neighbour - who asked not to be named - had not seen the like of for a while . ` Generally the place is lively with people enjoying themselves on a Saturday night . There 's always something going on there . I was wondering why it was so quiet , ' he said . The only sign that Stephanie 's wedding was due to take place there was a touching memorial at the venue 's entrance , which was made up of flower bouquets and yellow balloons . Messages on the cards read ` Always in our hearts Steph xxx ' and ` Love you and miss you but we know you 'll be our soulmate ' One message attached to a bouquet of flowers from the owners of the Eat Your Greens venue itself , summed up perfectly how everybody felt after a traumatic day : ` Steph , words can not even describe how devastated we are . You truly were a beautiful person , a pleasure to get to know and you would have made a beautiful bride . ' The happy couple , Aaron Leeson-Woolley and Stephanie Scott -LRB- both pictured right -RRB- , had sent out invites for their wedding day which was supposed to be held on Saturday . Heart-wrenching scenes at the memorial service for murdered teacher Stephanie Scott on Saturday as her fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley grieves for his beloved partner of five years . Messages on the cards read ` Always in our hearts Steph xxx ' and ` Love you and miss you but we know you 'll be our soulmate ' . However , one message attached to a bouquet of flowers from the owners of the Eat Your Greens venue itself , summed up perfectly how everybody felt after a traumatic day . ` Steph , words can not even describe how devastated we are , ' it read . ` You truly were a beautiful person , a pleasure to get to know and you would have made a beautiful bride . ` Thinking of you . Love to you always . ' Stephanie Scott -LRB- fourth from left -RRB- was supposed to have her own wedding on Saturday but guests paid tribute to her instead at a memorial service . Ms Scott is pictured here as a bridesmaid in the wedding of her close friend . Aaron Leeson-Woolley made an emotional visit to the makeshift shrine of his killed fiancee -LRB- right -RRB- . A candlelight vigil is held outside Leeton High School , where Ms Scott was an English and drama teacher . The popular teacher had been reported missing since Easter Sunday as police found her body on Friday - the day before her wedding . On Thursday , Ms Scott 's fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley visited the makeshift memorial erected outside the school his partner of five years had taught English and drama . The popular high school teacher was honoured with cards , flowers , balloons , candles , and pictures as students from the school , along with friends , family , and strangers visited to remember the 26-year-old . Many of Ms Scott 's friends and family had travelled from interstate and overseas for the wedding , but stayed for the memorial instead , in the wake of the news that police had discovered a body on Friday night they believed to be that of the 26-year-old . Detective Superintendent Michael Rowan , local area commander at Griffith , said that the body found just metres from the road in Cocoparra National Park , in the Riverina region of NSW , had been burned . The remains of the body have been taken to Glebe infirmary for further forensics . Police also said that a gasoline can had been found at the site . Police have charged school cleaner Vincent Stanford , 24 , with the 26-year-old teacher 's murder and will allege Stanford killed Ms Scott at some point between 11 am and 7.20 pm on Sunday , before dumping her car and body . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .