A mother has revealed her addiction to alcohol has cost the NHS more than £ 100,000 . Julie Merner 's heavy drinking has resulted in her being admitted to hospital 13 times in the last six years . In January , following her latest admission , the 39-year-old vowed to quit the habit , which has ravaged her liver , causing her to suffer severe cirrhosis . ` I know if I carry on , I will end up dead - they say one more drop will kill me , ' said the mother-of-three , who has been left with ` luminous ' jaundiced skin . Not a drop of alcohol has passed Ms Merner 's lips since January - marking her longest spell of abstinence . Scroll down for video . Julie Merner , 39 , has revealed her alcoholism has cost the NHS £ 100,000 . In the last six years , the mother-of-three , who suffers severe liver cirrhosis , has been admitted to hospital 13 times . But the damage to her health is severe . She can barely manage to speak as she struggles for breath . And her stomach regularly bloats with liquid , which is no longer being processed by her liver . Regularly , up to 18 litres of fluid has to be drained away via a tube . Admitting she only has herself to blame , Ms Merner added she does not feel any shame in needing treatment . ` I do n't see it as a waste of money , they are helping with a problem I have - an addiction , ' she said . Ms Merner , from Bootle , Merseyside , hopes her story will push the Government and society to do more to prevent Britain 's killer drinking epidemic . Taxpayers pay up £ 3.5 billion a year to treat alcohol-related problems , and that figure is set to rise . In the last 20 years , the number of alcohol-related deaths has doubled . While smoking , drug-taking and obesity are increasingly frowned upon , drinking is still socially acceptable , Ms Merner highlighted . After her latest hospital stay in January , Ms Merner vowed to quit her habit , and has n't touched a drop of alcohol since - her longest spell of abstinence . Taxpayers pay up £ 3.5 billion a year to treat alcohol-related problems , and that figure is set to rise . In the last 20 years , the number of alcohol-related deaths has doubled . At the peak of her addiction , Ms Merner was drinking a bottle of vodka a day . More than 6 standard drinks per day for men , and 4 standard drinks for women , is known to cause harm . Long term effects of alcohol on the liver include impaired liver functioning , severe pain , inflammation -LRB- hepatitis -RRB- and cirrhosis . Research published late last month revealed that binge drinking is costing Britain a staggering £ 4.9 bn every year - or £ 550,000 an hour . This is because it triggers , for example , a 45 per cent increase in arrests and a 17 per cent rise in road accidents , economists from Bath University calculated . The figures also took into account a & e admissions , police time and court cases . But Marco Francesconi , head of the Department of Economics at the University of Essex , explained his calculations had n't included costs associated with absenteeism , lost employment , reduced productivity , and long-term health problems . The report came shortly after the head of the NHS warned binge drinking fuelled by cheap alcohol is having a ` huge impact ' on health services . Chief executive Simon Stevens said the Government needed to deal with the ` overuse ' of alcohol urgently as it is creating problems for over-stretched a & e units . The most recent NHS figures show that more than one million patients are being admitted to hospital for alcohol-related illness and injuries every year -- twice as many as a decade ago . She said : ` People are n't as aware of the risks as they should be and alcohol is too cheap . Help for alcoholism is n't advertised anywhere . ' Ms Merner began drinking heavily 10 years ago . After splitting up with her partner , the father of her then toddler , she was forced to stay with her brother because she was unable to find a home of her own . Her two older children , now 20 and 16 , stayed with their father . ` It was one or two drinks at night at first . A couple of vodkas helped me sleep , ' Ms Merner recalled . ` Then it was half a bottle , then a full bottle ... and then I started drinking when I woke up . ' Six years ago , she started to have withdrawal effects when she did n't have a drink . ` I felt sick , I 'd be shaking and sweating . I realised I had a problem , ' she said . Ms Merner went to her doctor , and was referred to an NHS rehab clinic . But , six weeks after leaving , she slipped back into her habit , having one drink . Soon she back to drinking a litre of vodka a day . ` I ended up at the clinic nine or 10 times , ' she admitted . By this time , Ms Merner had been diagnosed with cirrhosis . Her most dangerous collapse was in 2013 . ` I was n't found for three days , ' she said . ` I was in a coma for 12 days . My kids were told I would n't see it through the night . ' The pattern continued until last December . Once again she fell unconscious for three days after drinking and was in hospital for four weeks . But this time something clicked , and the mother-of-three vowed never to drink again . ` I know if I carry on I will end up dead - and I do n't want to die , ' she insisted . But her liver will never repair itself . In the meantime , she lives a painful existence and has to take 11 pills a day . ` People say to me `` just do n't have a drink '' , If it was that easy , do n't you think I 'd have done that rather than put myself by the pearly gates ? ' she said , fighting back tears . ` But I 'm so grateful for what the hospital has done . I owe everything to them . ' At the height of her addiction , Ms Merner , who still has to visit hospital once a week , was drinking a bottle of vodka every day . She has been warned another drop of alcohol could kill her . Ms Merner is seen weekly at the Aintree University Teaching Hospital , by specialist nurse Jenny Pearson . The 30-year-old nurse chose the specialism after losing her father and sister to alcoholism . She agreed society needs to change , urging the Government to take steps to address the growing epidemic . ` I have definitely seen an increase in numbers of patients , ' she said . ` This is an epidemic . ` Every day we see 20 to 30 people in varying stages of liver disease , and oral cancer . ` Alcohol is practically poured down our throats . ` Watch daytime TV and they cook lunch with glasses of wine . Sporting events are sponsored by alcohol . It 's no surprise people develop problems . ' Ms Merner 's story is featured in Benefits and Bypasses : The Billion Pound Patients , tonight on Channel 5 at 9 pm .