A couple who suffered five devastating miscarriages and lost their six-month-old son because he was born prematurely finally have the family they dreamed of after his sister acted as a surrogate . Pritesh , 36 and Mansi Gandhi , 35 , started trying for a baby ten years ago but repeatedly lost the baby due to a medical condition . Mansi , from Feltham , London , did manage to become pregnant and gave birth in 2007 but Khushi was so premature he died after a six-month fight for life . However , Pritesh 's sister Hiral Shah , 32 , stepped in and offered to carry the couple 's baby - and after IVF treatment , gave birth to Krish three weeks ago after a 20-minute labour . Mansi did manage to eventually become pregnant and gave birth in 2007 but the boy , Khushi , was so premature he died after a six-month fight for life , so they Krish was a miracle for them . Pritesh and Manis , a supermarket worker , met through family friends in 2001 and the smitten pair got married a year later , and began trying for a baby after three years . Manis fell pregnant in 2007 , but Khushi was born with brain haemorrhages and died aged six months in May 2007 and after spending most of his short life in hospital . Doctors investigated and Mansi was diagnosed with cervical insufficiency - premature dilation of the cervix due to the weight of a growing baby . The couple continued to attempt to have a baby , but suffered miscarriages at 18 weeks in 2008 , 14 weeks in 2009 , 18 weeks in 2010 . Doctors put stitches in Mansi 's cervix in a bid to keep it closed , but tragically they also lost a further two babies in the early weeks of pregnancy in 2012 and 2013 . Mansi said : ` I gave up on any hopes of having a child of my own after losing six babies . ` It 's heartbreaking to lose even one baby whereas in my case I lost six babies and that made me feel awful about myself . ` I started hating myself and always thought why ca n't I have a baby when everyone around me is blessed with one . ' Pritesh and Mansi Gandhi finally welcomed a baby boy , Krish , after losing six babies , after Pritesh 's sister Hiral acted as a surrogate . L-R Pritesh , Mansi , baby Krish , Hiral , husband Amish and their son Ronav . Pritesh added : ` It was so hard and very traumatic . ` I could n't put Mansi through any more pain and I was worried that if we tried for any longer Mansi would get depressed . ` I did n't want anything to happen to her so we gave up . ` We thought `` it 's OK , we are not meant to have children , let us just assume that God has n't written a child into our fate . '' ' The heartbroken pair had given up hope of ever having a family when Hiral offered to carry their baby - despite having a six-month-old son of her own . They called a family meeting and promised to do all they could to support Hiral , who already had a son Ronav , now one , with husband Amish , 33 , an engineer . Hiral underwent IVF at CRM CARE Fertility in London , costing £ 10,000 , and after her brother and sister-in-law produced two embryos , one was implanted last summer and she fell pregnant . Little Krish was born at West Middlesex University Hospital on March 27 - with Pritesh and Mansi waiting outside the room during the quick 20 minute labour . Pritesh and Mansi now have the family they always dreamed of and said they will be ` forever in debt ' to Pritesh 's sister . Operations manager Pritesh said : ` My sister and I were always close but this has made all the difference . Hiral -LRB- left , pictured while pregnant -RRB- underwent IVF and gave birth to Krish -LRB- right -RRB- three weeks ago . ` She is an extra special aunty and for the rest of my life I will be in debt to my sister . ` She had a baby of her own at the time but she still wanted to help me and my family . ` What we went through was so traumatic , but now we finally have a happy family . ' Accounts assistant Hiral added that although it had been an emotional experience she had been eager to help her struggling brother . ` I witnessed all the losses which my brother and his wife suffered over the years . ` The handing over of baby Krish was obviously quite emotional moment for all of us but seeing my brother and his wife very happy made that process a bit easier too . ` I feel ever so happy when I see my brother playing with his little one and it makes me ever so happy to know that I am the reason for his happiness . ' Pritesh says that his sister 's selfless act has bought much joy to their family . ` Mansi was scared and we were so excited , first of all to find out the sex of the baby , and most importantly to hold him for the first time , ' said Pritesh . ` I have to be honest I cried . Everyone was so happy . Hiral -LRB- pictured here with husband Amish -RRB- says that handing over Krish to Pritesh and Mansi was emotional but she was glad to see her brother happy . ` We held him first . Obviously my sister found it a little bit difficult , which we were expecting , but she knew she was making us so happy and that made her happy . ' Overjoyed Mansi said she will let Krish know about his aunt 's gift as soon as he is old enough . She said : ` I am sure that Krish will always have a special place for Hiral in his heart . ` I am so overjoyed and I ca n't believe that I am holding a baby of my own . ` It 's a miracle baby and Hiral is a God-send for us . ` I ca n't express in words how grateful I am to Hiral and her family and I would like to thank Hira 's family to stand by Hiral 's decision . ` It 's because of such kind-hearted people like Hiral the world is a beautiful place to live . ' Hiral added : ` My brother has always gone an extra mile whenever I have needed his help and I thought to myself that now it was my turn to try and help him by giving him this amazing gift of his life . ` I was aware that it was a quite a big commitment but my keen desire to help my brother made me overcome that issue . ` Baby Krish means the world to my brother . ' Pritesh wants to encourage more infertile couples to use surrogacy in the UK rather than abroad , which can result in immigration and custody battles .