Four Seasons set out to recreate their famed hotel experience in the sky in a bid to cater to the growing demand among modern luxury travellers . And with the recent unveiling of their brand new private jet , they appear to be on the right track to achieve exactly that . Revealed in a minute-long video , the aeroplane is displayed sitting on a runway and is featured alongside many of the in-flight perks that accompany the experience . Scroll down for video . Each Four Seasons journey includes air travel , ground transportation , planned excursions and all meals and beverages throughout the trip . The inside of the aircraft features leather flat-bed seats , which are the work of Italian design Iacobucci . Timeless Discoveries : An Around the World Journey -LRB- January 26 - February 18 -RRB- . Los Angeles - Kona - Bora Bora - Sydney - Bali - Chiang Mai - Taj Mahal and Mumbai - Prague - London . International Intrigue : An Around the World Journey -LRB- April 14 - May 7 -RRB- . Seattle - Tokyo - Beijing - Maldives - Serengeti - Istanbul - St. Petersburg - Marrakech - Boston . Extraordinary Adventures : An Around the World Journey -LRB- September 17 - October 11 -RRB- . Austin - Costa Rica - Hawaii - Sydney - Langkawi - Mauritius - Serengeti - Petra and the Dead Sea -- Lisbon . Cultural Escape : Europe , Middle East and Africa -LRB- November 4 - 22 -RRB- . London - Petra and the Dead Sea - Dubai - Seychelles - Serengeti - Florence -- London . Inside the aircraft , the clip shows off the all-white interior and leather flat-bed seats -- the work off Italian design Iacobucci -- as well as uniformed cabin crew . Vice President , Design , Four Seasons Hotels and Resorts , said : ` In our hotels , spaces are conceived as settings for great experiences , . ` The same is true for the Four Seasons Private Jet . ` Along with the core objectives of comfort and functionality -- and adherence to strict aircraft safety standards -- we wanted to create an exceptionally luxurious ambiance , and Champagne and caviar became our inspiration . ' The private jet also includes its own executive and sous in-flight chefs and exclusively stocks Dom Pérignon champagne . Chef Kerry Sear said : ` Our aim is to recreate the hotel experience on the Four Seasons Private Jet , which means creating innovative meals using fresh ingredients , served on the finest tableware and linens , all with impeccable Four Seasons service . The jet includes its own executive and sous in-flight chefs and exclusively stocks Dom Pérignon champagne . ` The only real difference is that occasionally we have to do a little juggling when there 's turbulence . ' Included in each Four Seasons journey is air travel , ground transportation and planned excursions as well as all meals and beverages throughout the trip . But as you would expect the privilege does not come cheap and will set you back approximately £ 63,000 a trip . The private jet , including the staff and crew , is also available for private charter . Four Seasons have also made the private jet , including the staff and crew , available for private charter . The private jet experience does not come cheap and will set you back approximately £ 63,000 a trip .