Celebrities would n't be anywhere without their fans , but for some unlucky stars adoration can tip over into something far more sinister . Californian Joshua Corbett faces charges of stalking and burglary this week after allegedly breaking into actress Sandra Bullock 's home last summer . Terrified Sandra , 50 , who was in her property at the time , was forced to make a desperate call to the police having locked herself in a cupboard . Scroll down for video . Sandra Bullock was horrified when she discovered that Joshua Corbett had broken into her house last summer . In the disturbing voice clip released byTMZ - which was played to the court as Corbett stands trail - the audibly panicked Oscar winner is heard telling the police that she is hiding in her closet . She is heard saying : ` I 'm in my closet . I have a safe door . I 'm locked in the closet right now . ' Corbett has pleaded not guilty to the charges bought against him . Corbett broke into the house on 8 June last year brandishing a love letter for the actress . In the clip Sandra can be heard saying that she had seen him making his way up to her attic . The judge read out a section of the note which Corbett had been carrying in a black notepad which said : ` You are so hot and intelligent and lithesome and taut . ' Corbett , who was found in Sandra 's home clutching a love letter for the actress , has pleaded not guilty to the charges bought against him . Corbett 's defense lawyer Paul Takakijan said : ` The love letter that Corbett carried with him professed nothing but love and admiration . ` There is nothing in there about harming her . The people are trying to make more of the case than there is . ' Corbett also is charged with having an arsenal of illegal weapons , including assault weapons , tracer ammunition and machine guns , that were found when authorities searched his home in Montrose , California . Corbett was not armed when he was arrested at Bullock 's residence , police have said . Unfortunately Sandra is not the first person to experience a celebrity stalker . A-listers such as Madonna , Kim Kardashian and Justin Bieber have also been plagued by the experience . Here FEMAIL lists some of the worst offenders ... Kim was stalked by a man named Dennis Shaun Bowman who would show up to events with a jokers mask painted on his face . Kim Kardashian : Dennis Shaun Bowman . In 2010 Kim took out a restraining order on Dennis Shaun Bowman a stalker who claimed that the pair were in love . Kim wrote in court papers at the time : ` I am extremely frightened by Mr Bowman because he appears to be obsessed with me and is extremely delusional . ' Kim took out a restraining order on Dennis Shaun Bowman who would use Twitter to find out which events Kim would be attending . Creepy Bowman came to Kim 's attention after he started showing up at events or public appearances , often with the joker mask painted onto his face . It is thought that Dennis would discover Kim 's whereabouts through her Twitter page and even though he was often asked to leave he was never put off . Kim was also said to be disturbed by ranting messages that Bowman would post on Twitter . He reportedly contacted Kim 's then boyfriend Miles Austin and her sister Khloe on the social networking site . Madonna 's stalker was shot after he scaled the fence of her property , he is now in a mental health institution . Madonna : Robert Dewey Hoskins . Madonna 's stalker has to be one of the most terrifying of all time . Robert Dewey Hoskins was a ` psychotic ' stalker who scaled the walls of her house and threatened to slit her throat . He was sentenced to 10 years in prison in 1996 after he climbed the fence of Madonna 's home and was shot twice by her personal security . After breaking into her house on several occasions Robert handed Madonna 's staff a note which said he wanted to slit her throat . He had invaded Madonna 's property on several occasions even giving her staff a note containing his threats . Robert , who was said to have ` violent tendencies ' also stalked actress Halle Berry . In 2012 he escaped the mental health institution he had been committed to after his release from prison but was found and returning to the institution . Justin Bieber was the subject of a murder plot by two convicted criminals until one of them turned himself in . Justin Bieber : Dana Martin . Justin 's terrifying stalker Dana Martin was already a convicted rapist and killer when he decided to target the pop star . Along with his fellow inmate at the Las Cruces state prison in New Mexico , Mark Staake , he plotted to kill Justin , enlisting the help of Staake 's nephew to carry out the plot . Dana Martin - who was already a convicted rapist and murderer - planned to kill Justin Bieber but he turned himself in before going through with the plan . The plan was that he would travel to New York to murder Justin but Dana turned himself in before they went through with it . It is thought the inmate was fanatically obsessed with the young singer and even had a tattoo of him on his leg . Nicole Kidman 's stalker Matthew Hooker claimed that she had previously flirted with him , and he then called her house repeatedly asking her to go to the ballet with him . Nicole Kidman : Matthew Hooker . In 2001 Nicole Kidman won a stalking case against Matthew Hooker who claimed that the actress had flirted with him when they met . He was said to have ` seriously annoyed ' Nicole after sending her a love poem and repeatedly calling her house to invite her to the ballet . Nicole said she was ` fearful for her safety and security . ' Hooker said the whole thing had been very damaging to him as he had planned to run for US President . Catherine Zeta Jones was stalked by a woman who claimed that she was having an affair with her husband Michael Douglas . Catherine Zeta Jones : Dawnette Knight . Catherine Zeta Jones found herself being stalked by a woman named Dawnette Knight between 2003 and 2004 . Dawnette was obsessed with Catherine 's husband Michael Douglas and was convinced that they were having an affair . Dawnette Knight sent Catherine a letter saying she wanted to cut her up and feed her to her dogs . Knight would send Catherine vile letters telling her that she planned to cut her up and feed her to her dogs . She was eventually jailed , pleading no contest to the charges of stalking levied against her and was sentenced to three years in prison . Uma Thurman 's stalker Jack Jordan trailed the actress for three years but was jailed in 2008 after he sent her cards with sexually suggestive messages in them . Uma Thurman : Jack Jordan . Uma Thurman 's stalker Jack Jordan trailed the actress for three years before he was eventually jailed in 2008 . Jack tried to woo Uma by sending her cards and drawings with sexually suggestive messages - he also sent her a picture of an open grave with a man standing over it with a razor blade in his hand . Jordan was eventually released but was jailed again in 2010 for violating his probation and again in 2011 for refusing to take his anti-psychotic drugs . Gwyneth 's stalker David Michael Soiu would send the actress five letters a day as well as boxes of pornography . Gwyneth Paltrow : David Michael Soiu . Gwyneth 's stalker David Michael Soiu struck in 2000 and would send the actress up to five letters a day as well as boxes of pornography . One of his most terrifying moves was showing up at her parents ' house , reportedly claiming that he wanted to take ` God 's scalpel ' and ` cut the sin ' out of Gwyneth . He also sent Gwyneth a vibrator with the words ` because I love you ' written on it . He was eventually hospitalised after being declared legally insane . Justin Timberlake 's stalker Karen McNeil would turn up at his house and saying that she knew the singer and that they were destined to rule the world together . Justin Timberlake : Karen McNeil . In 2009 Justin Timberlake won a restraining order against a woman named Karen McNeil after he reported that that her ` ever-increasing aggressive and harassing conduct ' was causing him to fear for his personal safety . Karen had turned up at the singer 's home on a number of occasions , trespassed on his property and claimed to be a friend of the singer . Justin told the court at the time : ` I do not personally know , nor have any relationship with a Karen McNeil , nor do I desire any interaction with her whatsoever . ` I have never invited her to my property , nor has she ever been given permission to enter my property or home . ' McNeil had once showed up at Justin 's house with bags full of belongings claiming that the pair would rule the world together .