A Canadian firm has given new meaning to the phrase ` beauty sleep ' by creating a pillowcase which is being touted as the latest way to keep wrinkles at bay . The $ 40 -LRB- £ 26 -RRB- cloth cover - which comes with a lifetime guarantee - is said to hydrate the face and prevent lines while you sleep . And unlike a normal cotton pillowcase , which apparently sucks moisture from the skin , the Wrinkle Preventing Pillowcase 's special blend of ` hydrophobic fibres ' keeps the complexion hydrated all night . The Wrinkle Preventing Pillowcase has ` a blend of hydrophobic fibres that help skin retain moisture ' The infused special fibres are said to fight wrinkles like a face cream , redirecting moisture back into the skin . The pillowcase , made by Hammacher Schlemmer , in Canada , was developed by a dermatologist and contains no creams or chemicals . According to its description online , a traditional cotton case has a ` rough surface ' that ` siphons moisture ' away , leaving the face dry and dull . But the wrinkle preventing version is ` therapeutic and extra-smooth ' , redirecting moisture back into the skin for a more vibrant , healthier-looking appearance in the morning . They say the machine washable silky pillowcase also helps skin stay smooth , thanks to its 22,000 densely woven micro-filaments that prevent friction and remain taut . They thwart the bunching and pressure that cause standard cases to inscribe sleep lines , ` which can develop into permanent wrinkles ' . Another creation from Hammacher Schlemmer , which also comes with a lifetime guarantee , is the Anti-Wrinkle Beauty Pillow . The £ 40 Anti-Wrinkle Beauty Pillow is said to banish face and chest wrinkles for sleepers who lie on their side . It is said to banish facial and chest sleep wrinkles for sleepers who lie on their side . Contoured like a butterfly with strategically placed cut-outs on either side and a supportive front wing , the soft , lightweight pillow 's polyurethane foam gently elevates the face and chest , preventing contact with the bed or pillow below . This apparently helps remove pressure on facial muscles which , as The American Academy of Dermatology cautions , can result in pillow wrinkles , creases , and puffiness . The lower wings elevate and support the head , shoulders and arms allowing for a comfortable back sleeping position in a way that ca n't be achieved on a conventional pillow . Use alone or as a pillow topper with an existing pillow . The microfibre cover zips off for machine washing for $ 60 -LRB- £ 40 -RRB- . It is contoured like a butterfly with strategically placed cutouts on either side .