The chant was loud and it was pronounced . ` Bees up , Fulham down ' rang out of the not-so neutral end at Craven Cottage on a day for Brentford 's 6,000 travelling fans to savour . A day they again stamped their serious play-off credentials down on the Championship , humiliating their once superior neighbours . As Stuart Dallas thundered in his second of the afternoon , boos descended down on Kit Symons , who slunk back into his dugout . But this was n't about Fulham and their mounting deficiencies . There were hairy moments for Mark Warburton 's side - particularly after Ross McCormack 's 67th minute penalty halved the deficit - but they continue to chip away at those above them with a fearless way of playing the game , excitement in abundance . Brentford celebrate taking the lead against Fulham at Craven Cottage thanks to Stuart Dallas -LRB- second left -RRB- . Dallas runs away to celebrate his second goal of the game just before the hour mark at Craven Cottage . Fulham -LRB- 4-4-2 -RRB- : Bettinelli 6 ; Grimmer 5 -LRB- Hoogland 46 , 5 -RRB- , Bodurov 5 , Turner 5 , Husband 6 ; Fofana 5 , Guthrie 5 , Tunnicliffe 5 ; Kacaniklic 6 -LRB- Kavanagh 78 -RRB- , Woodrow 5 -LRB- Smith 62 , 6.5 -RRB- , McCormack 5.5 . Subs not used : Kiraly , Stafylidis , Rodallega , Burn . Goals : McCormack -LRB- pen -RRB- 67 . Brentford -LRB- 4-2-3-1 -RRB- : Button 6 ; Odubajo 6.5 , Dean 6.5 , Tarkowski 6 , Bidwell 7 ; Diagouraga 6.5 , Douglas ; Jota 7 , Pritchard 8 -LRB- Judge 60 , 7 -RRB- , Dallas 8.5 -LRB- Smith 82 -RRB- ; Gray 6 -LRB- Long 73 , 6 -RRB- . Subs not used : Craig , McCormack , Bonham , Toral . Goals : Dallas 24 , 58 , Judge 90 , Jota 90 . Booked : Odubajo , Judge . Referee : Simon Hooper -LRB- Wiltshire -RRB- . Attendance 23,271 . Here was a first league double over Fulham in 23 years and still the potential for a play-off campaign , although the manager might be looking for more . ` If a team puts a run together they 'll go clear with 90-odd points , ' he reasoned . ` If they do that , with the nature of the fixtures , teams will drop points . ` The average for the play-offs has been 72 for the last five years . I think you 'll need 75 minimum . If that 's the case we need two more wins . ' Every single resident of the tiny area of west London would have snatched and bitten fingers off for that if offered in August . The celebrations after Alan Judge 's stunning late free-kick were almost muted , such was the shock at what they 'd just seen , and delirium as Jota smashed in a fourth . The guard has been changed around these parts and , when Symons looks back on the video today , he 'll have serious misgivings as to how the little upstarts five miles down the road were allowed to humble Fulham in their own back yard . ` People will look at the scoreline and think it 's a hammering but it is n't , ' he said . Sadly , Symons was wrong . What he could not legislate for was the oceans gifted to Alex Pritchard in the build-up to Dallas ' opener . The excellent Pritchard , on loan from Tottenham , is a midfielder with the brightest of futures , someone adept at orchestrating the Bees . So when he picked up possession inside his own half , looked up and just saw vacant grass ahead of him , the alarm bells should have been ringing in the hosts ' defence . But they did not . Pritchard went on for 30 yards , recycled possession just outside the home box and - later in the move - Dallas manouvered enough space for himself to put his laces through a daisy-cutter across Marcus Bettinelli into the goalkeeper 's bottom left-hand post . The first phase of that attack gives an indication why the Cottagers have struggled so badly this term and still are n't safe from relegation . That , and a failure to take their chances when on top . Cauley Woodrow saw two presentable opportunities go begging before Seko Fofana - all alone at the back post - could only skew an effort wide with goal gaping . Alexander Kacaniklic earlier jinked away from two defenders but saw a shot smartly saved by David Button . McCormack , the multi-million pound signing from Leeds last summer , became increasingly on the periphery ; starting as one of two strikers , the Scot felt the need to constantly drop off into midfield , such was Fulham 's lack of creativity . All that meant was Woodrow had to fend for himself against the two aggressive central defenders Harlee Dean and James Tarkowski . Ross McCormack scored from the penalty spot with 23 minutes remaining to drag Fulham back into the game . In short , Fulham need a plan for next season - and quickly . Even though it looks as if they will remain in the division , their supporters will not accept another campaign of stagnation . Compare that to buoyant Brentford , who are on a crest of a wave and unsure where the next six weeks will take them for all the right reasons . They grew into this , comfortable in retaining the ball after half-time and looked every bit the play-off side . Dallas ' second of the afternoon was something to behold , a wondrous strike in the same direction as his first but into the roof of Bettinelli 's net from 30 yards out . Up went the inflatables , over went the arms in hugging celebration . Brentford 's supporters ca n't quite believe what they are witnessing . To say their brand of football does not deserve these accolades would be to decry Warburton 's hard work over the course of 18 months . It is just a shame he will not see that through beyond May . Fulham 's Ryan Tunnicliffe is tackled by Brentford 's James Tarkowski and Jake Bidwell . Brentford goalkeeper David Button saves shot from Alexander Kacaniklic of Fulham . It ought to have been three when Andre Gray blazed over from six yards but , just as the visitors looked to be cruising to the points , referee Simon Hooper gifted Fulham a way back into the game . Toumani Diagouraga was harshly adjudged to have hauled down debutant James Husband , with McCormack doing the rest from 12 yards . Lanky Matt Smith was a menace when introduced , almost catching Button out with a cheeky lob as Fulham pressed hard for an equaliser . Tarkowski needed to stretch every inch of his giant frame to keep out Kacaniklic too . They 'll need a bit more of that if this adventure is to finish at Wembley , although the quality of Judge 's late free-kick might just be even more important . Was this Warburton 's best individual result as a manager ? ` No , and I do n't mean that in a derogatory way , ' he said . ` It 's a big local derby and the atmosphere was electric . Brentford 's Moses Odubajo challenges Fulham midfielder Danny Guthrie for the ball . ` We 've had momentum from day one , not in an arrogant way but we have . It 's self belief . The players deserve to be where they are . ' They were n't finished there , Jota hammering home in stoppage-time to cap off a stunning move . The key for Warburton is Brentford possess both class and guts in spades . Nottingham Forest better watch out on Monday .