Joanna Goodall -LRB- pictured outside court -RRB- stole £ 19,000 from the Premier Inn hotel where she worked as a receptionist . A receptionist who stole £ 19,000 from the hotel she worked at has been told to pay back just £ 1 . Joanna Goodall forged signatures of customers and colleagues for cash refunds at a Premier Inn in Newcastle and took the money for herself . Bosses noticed the high level of refunds and CCTV showed Goodall taking money from the till . The 30-year-old mother , who is pregnant , admitted the thefts between March 2013 and February 2014 at Newcastle Crown Court . Goodall , of Lemington in Newcastle , was given a nine-month suspended sentence but ordered to pay back just £ 1 under the Proceeds of Crime Act as she has no assets . Mr Recorder Wheeler told her : ` You have a number of personal issues , family issues and health issues . ` You were subject to a lot of stress as a result of other people leaning on you for support and trying to balance your life and keep everyone happy . The way you chose to do that ultimately was to steal from your employer . ' Prosecutors had initially accused her of stealing £ 35,000 , but accepted her guilty plea on the basis of the amount being around £ 19,000 . Jonathan Devlin , prosecuting , said : ` This defendant was identified as creating false cash refunds . ` She had used cash refund receipts with forged signatures from customers and other members of staff involved in such refunds . ` She submitted them and took appropriate amounts of cash from the till . ` All available CCTV was viewed and she was seen on a number of occasions processing refunds with no customers present , taking money from the till and either putting it in her pocket or handbag . ' Mr Devlin said : ` She was arrested by the police and accepted the theft of significant sums of money . ` She said no other employees were involved nor did they know what she was doing . ` The defendant said she knew there was no way it could have been repaid because of the way she disguised it . ' Donald MacFaul , defending , said Goodall had worked for the company for seven years . He added : ` Things went awry in her life . In addition to emotional pressure , financial strain arose and she fell into temptation . ` She realised early on she would be found out but could n't see a way to break the cycle . She still has outstanding debts . ' Goodall was given a nine-month suspended sentence after admitting to stealing from the Premier Inn in Newcaste -LRB- pictured -RRB- and ordered to pay back just £ 1 as she has no assets .