The Large Hadron Collider was restarted today after being turned off for two years during a major renovation project that cost £ 100million . The world 's largest atom-smashing machine is most famous for proving the existence of the Higgs boson - but scientists hope it will now unlock even more fundamental secrets of the universe . Physicists at Cern , the Geneva-based organisation which runs the LHC , are aiming to see dark matter for the first time ever thanks to the device 's upgrade . Scroll down for video . Back to work : The Large Hadron Collider is operating again after two years being upgraded . The LHC is situated underground below the border between Switzerland and France , and consists of nearly 17 miles of circular tunnels . It was shut down two years ago - after confirming the discovery of the Higgs boson - so that its energy levels could be almost doubled , allowing scientists to carry out more extreme experiments . The re-opening was delayed by another couple of weeks thanks to a short circuit in the system , but this morning it started operating again at last . After two beams of particles were sent flying through the tunnels at a speed just slower than light , Cern 's director general Rolf Heuer said : ` Congratulations . Thank you very much everyone ... now the hard work starts . ' Workers - who were earlier given Easter eggs by one of the centre 's bosses - cheered when it was confirmed that the machine was back in operation . Ambition : Scientists hope the machine will be able to detect and describe dark matter for the first time . The LHC , which cost nearly £ 4billion , is currently running at a low ` injection ' energy of 450 giga-electron volts -LRB- GeV -RRB- , but in June it will increase to a record-breaking 13 tera-electron volts -LRB- TeV -RRB- - up from 7 TeV at the time it managed to detect the Higgs boson in 2013 . British scientist Peter Higgs was awarded the Nobel Prize after the discovery of the particle , which he and others predicted would exist but which had never been seen until the construction of the LHC . When physicists study the dynamics of galaxies and the movement of stars , they are confronted with a mystery . If they only take visible matter into account , their equations simply do n't add up ; the elements that can be observed are not sufficient to explain the rotation of objects and the existing gravitational forces . There is something missing . From this they deduced that there must be an invisible kind of matter that does not interact with light but does , as a whole , interact by means of the gravitational force . Called ` dark matter ' , this substance appears to make up at least 80 per cent of the matter in the known universe . Now the physicists operating the machine have their sights on dark matter , the invisible , undetectable material that makes up 84 per cent of matter in the universe and binds galaxies together yet whose nature is unknown . If they are able to detect and describe dark matter , it will mark a huge leap forward in our understanding of the universe . Cern spokesman Arnaud Marsollier said : ` The LHC will be running day and night . When we will get results we do n't know . What is important is that we will have collisions at energies we 've never had before . ` If something interesting appears in this new window we will see it . It might be two months from now or two years , we 're not able to say . ` It took 50 years to find the Higgs boson and 20 years to build this machine , and it will be running at least until 2035 , so we can be patient . ' Particles of protons , the ` hearts ' of atoms , travel round the LHC at just three metres per second below the speed of light . When experiments begin they will be smashed together in four giant detectors located around the beam ring , sparking the creation of new particles and hopefully opening up a new era in physics . The search for dark matter involves moving beyond the Standard Model , the all-encompassing theory describing the particles and forces of nature that has stood firm for the past 50 years . Inside : The LHC consists of an enormous circular tunnel which is nearly 17 miles long . A ` new physics ' model of the universe called supersymmetry predicts that every known particle has a more massive partner - and one of these elusive supersymmetry particles might be the source of dark matter . Professor Jonathan Butterworth , from University College London , said : ` It all seemed to go very well this morning . We 'll all be watching very excitedly to see what develops over the next few weeks . The LHC 's operating again for the first time in two years and that 's a really important milestone in physics . ` You can think of the LHC as the world 's greatest microscope looking into the heart of matter . At this higher energy level we do n't know what we 'll see - no-one has looked there before . ` It would be absolutely lovely to find a candidate for dark matter . That 's a fairly glaring hole in our theory . Supersymmetry particles are a good candidate , but they 're not the only candidate . ` The fact that we do n't know what most of the universe is made of is really what drives me on . ' As well as dark matter , the team is hoping to discover more Higgs bosons and other ` exotic particles ' which have never been detected before . They also believe they could uncover the existence of extra dimensions , which may explain why gravity is weaker than theoretical models would predict . And the LHC could cast light on antimatter , particles which are identical to normal matter but with the opposite charge . However , some have expressed concerns that the machine could be seriously unsafe , as its high-energy experiments create conditions similar to black holes which could have catastrophic consequences . Professor Andy Parker , head of physics at Cambridge University , said : ` This is a very exciting time for scientists as the Large Hadron Collider restarts after a major upgrade . ` The current Standard Model explains the known particles and forces , and the discovery of the Higgs completed that picture . But the Standard Model does not explain dark matter , which is believed to make up most of the universe , nor dark energy , a mysterious force driving the galaxies ever further apart . ` Interestingly , the answers to these problems in cosmology might lie in the realm of sub-atomic physics studied at Cern . The LHC might be able to produce dark matter particles for example , which would be glimpsed in the debris of collisions detected by the Atlas and CMS experiments . ` Even more exciting is the possibility that the universe could have more than three space dimensions , and that other spaces are hidden all around us . ' And Professor Dave Newbold , who heads the particle physics group at the University of Bristol , added : ` The discovery of the Higgs boson in 2012 was a huge breakthrough , but the real excitement starts now . ` The upgraded LHC will allow us to probe further than ever before , and to explore brand new scientific territory such as dark matter . '