Nico Rosberg and Lewis Hamilton have n't always seen eye-to-eye in the past 12 months but the pair appeared to be singing from the same hymn sheet on Thursday . Fresh from being beaten by Ferrari driver Sebastian Vettel at the Malaysian Grand Prix on March 29 , the Mercedes team-mates have been collaborating with their team to ensure the prancing horse does n't gallop to victory at the next race in China . The duo attended Mercedes ' Brackley base in the hope to find a winning formula come race weekend in Shanghai on April 10-12 . Nico Rosberg -LRB- left -RRB- and Lewis Hamilton visited Mercedes ' Brackley base on Thursday . Sebastian Vettel celebrates emerging victorious at the Malaysian Grand Prix with Ferrari on March 29 . Vettel -LRB- right -RRB- finished 8.5 seconds ahead of Hamilton and 12.5 seconds ahead of Nico Rosberg -LRB- left -RRB- . Accompanied with the caption : ` Good team factory visit today . Coming up with a plan to beat the red cars in shanghai ! @MercedesAMGF1 @LewisHamilton , ' Rosberg took to Twitter to upload a picture of he and Hamilton on a flight back from Brackley . Speaking after the race in Malaysia , Mercedes motorsport boss Toto Wolff conceded that he was a worried man following the manner of Vettel 's victory . Suggestions of another season of Mercedes domination in the wake of a comfortable one-two in the season-opening race in Australia were blown apart by Ferrari and Vettel . The four-time world champion beat Hamilton by 8.5 seconds , with team-mate Nico Rosberg a further four seconds adrift in third . Mercedes boss Toto Wolff -LRB- right -RRB- was surprised by Sebastian Vettel 's Malaysian Grand Prix victory . Wolff admitted that the German driver deserved to win and Ferrari got their tactics spot-on in the soaring heat . Despite searing heat of more than 30 degrees , Vettel 's Ferrari was kinder on its tyres , stopping just twice compared to three for both Hamilton and Rosberg . And afterwards Wolff admitted : ` We were pretty sure the three-stop strategy would work for us . ` We probably went a bit too aggressive on set-up , which pushed us into a direction of a three-stop . ` But in the circumstances , with the high temperatures , they were able to go at a faster pace over long runs than us . ` We need to analyse why that was the case , and it clearly shows it 's not going to be an easy one . ` It is clear they won the race , which is worrying . It would n't be right to say we lost it . ' Hamilton -LRB- pictured -RRB- had to pit three times in the race compared to Vettel 's two - in what proved a key factor .