A San Fransisco Giants fan beaten and left for dead outside the LA Dodgers ' stadium in March 2011 has thrown the first pitch of the new baseball season . Bryan Stow was left severely brain damaged after two men attacked him on his way to the car park following a game . The father-of-two , who had been a paramedic , was left in a medically induced coma for several months while medics waited for the swelling in his brain to subside . Brian Stow , centre pictured with his ex-wife Jackie Kain and his two children Tyler , 14 , and Tabitha , 10 . Mr Stow , pictured , was kept in a medically induced coma for several months to assist his recovery . Two men jumped Mr Stow and kicked and punched him until he fell to the ground . They continued to punch and kick the stricken paramedic . Several of the most serious blows landed on his head causing life-changing injuries . At the time of his injury , Mr Stow worked as a paramedic for the San Jose Giants , who are the Giants ' farm team . The team promised Mr Stow and his family that he would receive the honour of pitching the first ball during the opening game of the season . Dan Oram , president of the San Jose Giant told Fox Bay News : ` It 's a comeback story . Just to see what he 's come through , and to be able to give him something back like this -- it 's just the kind of thing that resonates with everybody . ' Last year , Stow shouted ` Play Ball ' during a World Series match between the Giants and Kansas City Royals . Following the brutal assault , Los Angeles Superior Court awarded Mr Stow and his family $ 18 million against the LA Dodgers and the two men who attacked him Louie Sanchez and Marvin Norwood . However , the family has still not received any of the cash due legal delays . Before suffering catastrophic injuries , right , Mr Stow , right , worked as a paramedic in San Jose . Louie Sanchez , left , and Marvin Norwood , right , were jailed for eight and seven years respectively . Both Sanchez and Norwood faced a criminal trial where they were jailed for eight and four years respectively . Mr Stow was released from hospital two years ago after his insurance company refused to pay for any more care in the Center for Neuro Skills in Bakersville . As a result of the assault , Mr Stow has been left permanently brain damaged and has short-term memory problems . He also relies on a walker and a wheelchair when travelling long distances . Mr Stow spent two years in a specialist hospital until his insurance company refused to continue paying . Police said the men were looking to assault a random San Fransisco Giants fan in March 2011 . Despite suffering life changing injuries following a baseball match Mr Stow remains a fan of the sport . Mr Stow , left , was awarded $ 18 million compensation but has not received any cash due to legal delays .