The European Union launched a legal attack on Gazprom on Wednesday , stoking tensions with Moscow as it accused the Russian gas giant of overcharging buyers in Eastern Europe and hindering competition . European Commission antitrust chief Margrethe Vestager said Gazprom was barring EU clients from selling on its gas to other states - a particular concern in recent efforts to aid Ukraine - and pressuring governments to back its pipeline interests . Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said that the charges were ` absolutely unacceptable ' . The European Union launched a legal attack on Gazprom on Wednesday , stoking tensions with Moscow as it accused the Russian gas giant of overcharging buyers in Eastern Europe and hindering competition . European Commission antitrust chief Margrethe Vestager -LRB- pictured -RRB- said Gazprom was barring EU clients from selling on its gas to otherstates . State-controlled Gazprom is a vital supplier of energy to Europe despite the EU 's frequent political disputes with Moscow . The Commission 's investigation , opened in September 2012 , had initially covered Poland , the Czech Republic , Slovakia , Hungary , Bulgaria , Estonia , Latvia and Lithuania . Relations with Russia , and Gazprom in particular , have since been poisoned more by the East-West confrontation over Ukraine . ` Gazprom is dominant in all these markets , ' EU Competition Commissioner Vestager told a news conference . ` Our preliminary view alleges that Gazprom is abusing this position . ' ` Gazprom has been able to charge higher prices in some countries without fearing that ... gas would flow in from where prices were lower , ' she said of contracts with the three ex-Soviet Baltic states and formerly communist Poland and Bulgaria . Vestager said prices in some countries were as much as 40 per cent higher than in others . Lithuanian President Dalia Grybauskaite welcomed the charges , saying : ` The era of Kremlin-backed political and economic blackmail draws to a close . ' Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said that the charges were ` absolutely unacceptable ' Noting the investigation had begun before Russia annexed Crimea from Ukraine , Vestager said ` this case is not political ' but acknowledged some would see political elements in it . Gazprom responded by calling the charges , to which it has 12 weeks to respond , ` unfounded ' and saying it expected a resolution within the framework of previous undertakings between the Kremlin and Brussels ` on the intergovernmental level ' . Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said on Wednesday that the EU charges against Gazprom were an unacceptable attempt to retroactively apply the bloc 's latest energy rules to earlier contracts . Asked to comment on the case , Lavrov said in an interview with three radio stations : ` All contracts in effect now that Gazprom signed with its partners , were signed with full respect of the legal regime that existed in the EU at the time . ` After the EU adopted the so-called third energy package ... there have been attempts , and they continue now , to retrospectively , retroactively apply those requirements to old contracts as well . That is absolutely unacceptable . ' The EU has brokered deals to keep gas flowing to Ukraine despite the conflict between Kiev and Moscow , but efforts to supply gas via eastern EU states have been hindered by contracts with Gazprom that prohibit the re-export of Russian gas . Gazprom had also pressured Poland and Bulgaria into accepting unfavourable terms over gas pipeline control and construction , the commissioner said . The decision to move against Gazprom comes a week after Vestager charged U.S. tech giant Google with abusing its market power , following five years of hesitation by her predecessor . She said , however , that in other cases she would be willing to negotiate with firms without pressing charges . The Dane has appeared determined to challenge big corporate powers since taking on the powerful post in November , regardless of past offers of compromise from both Google and Gazprom . Despite insisting she would look only at the legal merits of a case that focuses on Gazprom 's pricing policies for different customers , the accusations will not ease frictions with Moscow over Ukraine in which gas supplies have played a major role . Gazprom offered concessions to Vestager 's predecessor last year in a bid to settle the case and avoid a possible fine but talks failed over its refusal to cut prices in eastern Europe . The Russian behemoth , with annual sales of some $ 100 billion , supplies about 30 per cent of the 28-nation EU 's natural gas . It has been under investigation since September 2012 , including for hampering the flow of gas across Europe . Vestager can order companies to change their business practices and is theoretically able to levy fines of up to 10 per cent of their annual global turnover .