A massive extension of Margaret Thatcher 's landmark right-to-buy housing policy will be announced by David Cameron today . In a bold pitch to blue collar voters who delivered Lady Thatcher 's three election victories , the Prime Minister will call the Tories ` the party of working people ' . He will pledge discounts of up to 70 per cent to allow all 1.3 million families in housing association properties to buy their home . Scroll down for video . Thatcher 's plan : Prime Minister David Cameron will announce an extension of the right-to-buy scheme which will allow all 1.3 million families in housing association properties to buy their home . The subsidy will be funded by forcing councils to sell off their most expensive properties when they become vacant . Mr Cameron will borrow a phrase used by Mrs Thatcher in her first speech as party leader to declare the ` dream of a property-owning democracy is alive -- and we will fulfil it ' . ` The next Conservative government will extend the right-to-buy to all housing association tenants in this country -- 1.3 million extra families -- a new generation given the security of a home of their own , ' he will say . Mr Cameron is also expected to promise to link the minimum wage to increases in the income tax allowance -- meaning more than a million workers on £ 6.50 an hour will pay no tax at all . Original plan : The right-to-buy scheme became Lady Thatcher 's most famous single policy . Launching his party 's election manifesto , the Prime Minister will urge voters not to risk a change of government : ` Let 's not waste the past five years . ` Now is not a time to put it all at risk , but to build on the progress we have made . ` We are the party of working people . So if you want a more secure Britain , if you want a brighter future for your family , and for you , then together , let 's build on what we 've done -- and see this through . ' The pledge to extend right-to-buy , which was introduced in 1980 but has now been stopped in its tracks by Labour in Wales and the SNP in Scotland , will delight the Tory faithful , who were buoyed last night by a six-point poll lead over Labour . Senior figures , including Iain Duncan Smith , Boris Johnson and David Davis , have been calling for the measure to be at the heart of the party 's manifesto . The original right-to-buy saw more than 1.5 million council homes being sold off at discounted rates . Leading to a surge in home ownership , it became Lady Thatcher 's most famous single policy . The Coalition government has already increased right-to-buy discounts for council homes , meaning more are moving into the private sector . But most tenants living in homes provided by housing associations -- not-for-profit bodies that have gradually replaced councils as the main providers of social housing -- do not qualify . Enabling them to buy their homes is expected to require major changes to the 1996 Housing Act , and is likely to be fiercely opposed by housing associations themselves . As well as promoting home ownership , the scheme could also dramatically reduce the vast housing benefit bill . Promises : The Prime MInister , pictured posing for a selfie as he campaigned in Alnwick on Monday , will pledge discounts of up to 70 per cent on housing association properties , should the Tories win the election . Currently , taxpayers subsidise the housing costs of many unemployed and lower paid workers who live in housing association properties . The 1.3 million housing association homes are occupied by 2.75 million people . ` At the heart of this manifesto is a simple proposition . We are the party of working people , offering you security at every stage of your life , ' Mr Cameron will say today . ` If you 're a young person looking for training , if you 're looking for a decent job , if you want to buy your own home , if you 're raising a family and need help with childcare , if you fall ill , and need to rely on our NHS , if you are reaching retirement , and want real security . We are there for you -- offering security at every stage of your life . ' Some Labour figures , including former welfare minister Frank Field and former Cabinet minister Alan Milburn , have previously championed the idea of extending the right-to-buy to housing associations . Ruth Davison , of the National Housing Federation , which represents housing associations , said : ` Extending right-to-buy to housing associations is the wrong solution to our housing crisis . While extending right-to-buy will see some people being able to buy their own home with help from the taxpayer , these are people already living in good secure homes on some of the country 's cheapest rents . ' How does right-to-buy work ? Introduced in 1980 , it gives council house tenants discounts to buy their home . Labour dropped its opposition to the policy but , in 1999 , Tony Blair 's government cut the top discount from £ 50,000 to £ 38,000 and sales slowed . What has the Coalition done ? It has sought to reinvigorate the scheme , cutting from five to three the number of years tenants need to have been in a home before they can buy it and upping the discounts to a maximum of £ 77,000 for most areas . Are housing association tenants covered ? Housing associations -- autonomous , not-for-profit bodies that receive public money and loans from the private sector to provide low-cost homes -- are largely exempt . However , around 800,000 HA tenants have a limited ` right to acquire ' with discounts capped at between £ 9,000 to £ 16,000 . The other 500,000 tenants lack any right to buy . What are the Tory proposals ? They would legislate to give all housing association tenants full right-to-buy . Tenants in houses would get a 35 per cent discount , increasing by 1 per cent for every extra year they have been a tenant . Those in flats will get a 50 per cent discount , going up 2 per cent every year . Discounts for houses and flats would be capped at the lower of 70 per cent or £ 102,700 in London and £ 77,000 across the rest of England . How will this be paid for ? The Tories say they will make councils sell off expensive properties when they become vacant . Council homes that rank in the most costly third of all properties of that type in their area will be sold off . Around 15,000 such properties become vacant each year , because tenants die or move . The sell-off could net £ 4.5 billion a year . What about the proceeds ? They will be split , with a proportion used to replace on a ` one-to-one ' basis the council homes sold off . The new properties would be more affordable , probably in less expensive locations , and could be built either by a council or housing association . Another slice of the proceeds would be used to fund the new right-to-buy discounts for housing association tenants . The rest would go to create a £ 1billion fund , enabling councils to bid for cash to develop brownfield land for housing . It would enable them to clean up derelict or contaminated land , and could lead to 400,000 new homes in five years , Tories say .