These two Australian dogs have got talent ! A pair of border collies were caught on camera performing a balancing act . Using a human as their base , pooches Ace and Holly stood up high on their hind legs , with their front paws up . Scroll down for video . Here we go ! Border collie Ace is seen on top of his owner and trainer Dai Aoki 's lap . Do n't forget about me ! Soon , Holly the border collie hops onto Aoki 's legs . The brief clip , set to ` Les Toreadors ' from ` Carmen , ' first shows a man , identified as their owner and trainer Dai Aoki , lying on the ground with 22-month-old Ace on his lap . Soon , Aoki puts his legs in the air - and 28-month-old Holly hops on . Once Holly is up , Aoki stretches his hands up toward the sky . Soon enough , Holly and Ace stand up solely on their hind legs - and hold the pose for several seconds . This is n't the first time the dogs have shown off their skills . Aoki 's Instagram page and YouTube pages feature multiple videos of Ace and Holly doing tricks . Aoki also works as a dog trainer , and runs the Waterloo , Australia-based company Positive Dog Care . Neat trick : The trio are seen performing their stunt together . Ta-da ! Holly and Ace finish the trick by standing on their hind legs . Family : Ace -LRB- far left -RRB- and Holly -LRB- far right -RRB- are seen with their owner and trainer , Dai Aoki . Aoki runs the Waterloo , Australia-based dog training company Positive Dog Care . Puppy Tales pointed out that the TV show ` The Living Room ' deemed Ace Australia 's Smartest Dog in 2014 . Aoki told the website in January 2015 : ` I only use positive reinforcement in the training that I do . ` And , equally importantly , I always have fun with my dogs . ` I actually do n't really use the word `` training '' -- we are just having a good time together and learning new things . ' Aoki also told Puppy Tales : ` I have had a few dogs in my life and I have never learned properly about dog training . ` With Holly and Ace , I wanted to spend quality time with them and have happy long lives together , so I undertook a course on Canine behaviour . ' ` The most important things in training your dogs are consistency , patience , respect and love , ' Aoki revealed to the website . Skilled : Aoki 's Instagram page and YouTube pages feature multiple videos of Ace and Holly performing tricks .