This is the dramatic moment firefighters battle a 1,000-degree blaze as it rips through a $ 3.8 million mansion in New Jersey . Sea Bright fire chief volunteer Chad Murphy wore a camera on his now-charred helmet as he stepped into the furnace in Rumson on Monday . Footage shows him entering the burning building and carefully navigating the smoke-filled interiors . At one point he 's seen hosing down a glass skylight with debris falling down . Caught on camera : This is the dramatic moment firefighters battle a 1,000-degree blaze as it rips through a $ 3.8 million mansion in New Jersey . Going in : Sea Bright fire chief volunteer Chad Murphy wore a camera on his now-charred helmet as he stepped into the furnace in Rumson on Monday . Hazy : Footage shows him entering the burning building and carefully navigating the smoke-filled interiors . Several other firemen then enter the scene and Murphy moves with them upstairs . Wearing smoke masks , they step through crumbling walls and flooded passageways . In order to hear each other , they shout loudly to one another . They also use radios to communicate to a second team of firemen with the truck outside . Although the headcam video cuts at the 31-minute mark , it apparently took the fire fighters six hours to get the blaze under control . Former Sea Bright fire chief Joe Eskridge says the helmet cam is ` probably one of the best tools you can have besides water ' when it comes to coordinating fire efforts . An image of the 22-room mansion after the fire , captured by CBS News , shows that the upper floors were the worst damaged . Lurking hazards : At one point he 's seen hosing down a glass skylight with debris falling down . Key accessory : One fire fighter say the helmet cam is ` probably one of the best tools you can have besides water ' when it comes to coordinating fire response . Final edit : Although the headcam video cuts at the 31-minute mark , it apparently took the fire fighters six hours to get the blaze under control . Under investigation : The four-alarm fire at the Rumson mansion , known as Blithewald , has been ruled accidental , though the exact cause is yet to be identified . Dozens of windows appear to be missing with parts of the roof also destroyed . The four-alarm fire at the Rumson mansion , known as Blithewald , has been ruled accidental , though the exact cause is yet to be identified . There were no injuries reported . Before it went up in flames , the seven-bedroom mansion was being decorated by more than 40 interior designers for a month-long event . Apparently , the building is referred to locally as the ` Gatsby House ' because F. Scott Fitzgerald was a friend of the owner in the late 1880s and visited frequently . It is currently owned by Thomas Widener , a Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. executive . Lucky escape : There were no injuries reported in the fire . Bad timing : Before it went up in flames , the seven-bedroom mansion was being decorated by more than 40 interior designers for a month-long event . In the spotlight : Apparently , the building is referred to locally as the ` Gatsby House ' because F. Scott Fitzgerald was a friend of the owner in the late 1880s and visited frequently . Still standing : It is currently owned by Thomas Widener , a Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. executive .