Former Chelsea winger Florent Malouda has picked his #one2eleven stars he played alongside throughout his career on Sky Sports ' Fantasy Football Club . Malouda , who won the Barclays Premier League in 2010 and 2012 Champions League with Chelsea , chose players from Chelsea , Guingamp and the France national team . Watch #one2eleven every Friday evening on The Fantasy Football Club , Sky Sports 1 or catch up On Demand . GOALKEEPER : PETR CECH . Cech is the man for the big occasions and the big games . The last one was the -LRB- Champions League -RRB- final in Munich . Preparing a goalkeeper 's station is like mathematics - nothing is like an accident . He is somebody in the dressing room with a big character and he 's a leader as well . Florent Malouda picked Chelsea goalkeeper Petr Cech to start in between the sticks for his Fantasy XI . Malouda 's Fantasy Football XI . RIGHT BACK : DAVID LUIZ . I know with this offensive mentality that I have in my team he wo n't be frustrated so I trust him to follow the manager 's orders and stay in that right back position . He 's funny , but when it comes to reason , he is a guy that steps in and takes big responsibility in a team . CENTRE BACK : LILIAN THURAM . He is a real defender with lots of experience . He is very , very solid when all the others will take the risk . I need two leaders . CENTRE BACK : JOHN TERRY . The second one is the captain . I pick a team with a lot of characters . I needed somebody to lead them and JT is a natural born leader . I need a player like him to make the team perform . LEFT BACK : ERIC ABIDAL . I wanted to pick Ashley Cole because we had a great time together and we had a great understanding , but I have to pick my close friend Eric Abidal . I started to play with him during my time at Lyon . He 's a little bit like David Luiz in the dressing room always having fun and joking around . He has this faith and to sacrifice himself to help you be a better player . Malouda included Chelsea defender John Terry -LRB- far left , pictured in 2007 -RRB- for his leadership qualities . DEFENSIVE MIDFIELDER : CLAUDE MAKELELE . He is a leader and for me a tactical genius . He was the kind of guy telling you , ` be cool and and just stay in that position ' . MIDFIELDER : PATRICK VIEIRA . He is just a legend and makes things so simple . Playing with him was easy and that 's the kind of guy when you train with them you learn a lot of things . He 's a fighter and you need that fighting spirit because not every game will be easy . Former Arsenal and France midfielder , pictured with Malouda in 2006 , starts in a three-man central midfield . RIGHT MIDFIELDER : FRANK LAMPARD . In my team you 're going for goals and Lamps is a great professional and a great example to follow . Arriving in this league I remember Didier Drogba telling me , ` watch -LRB- him -RRB- because you have to learn ' . I 've seen so many times -LRB- Lampard -RRB- score winning goals . LEFT MIDFIELDER : ZINEDINE ZIDANE . I would give him the freedom . Everytime you are stressed , everything is in slow motion for him . My team will play with style and class with Zizou . Zinedine Zidane and Thierry Henry , who played alongside Malouda for the France national team , start in attack . STRIKER : THIERRY HENRY . I remember when I arrived in 2004 -LRB- in the national team -RRB- , he welcomed me . I never even knew Thierry Henry even knew me . He loves the game so much and he 's an Arsenal legend . STRIKER : DIDIER DROGBA . I met him when we first played together in the second division in France at Guingamp . Watching him get to the world class level when he scored that header coming out of nowhere in Munich . Then he had that opportunity with that last penalty . He gave us the Champions League which made me so , so happy . He 's a striker for the big occasions and big games . Chelsea forward Didier Drogba , pictured alongside Malouda at the 2012 Champions League , leads the line . Malouda poses with his #one2eleven side after naming his team on Sky Sports ' Fantasy Football Club .