Rajul Patel -LRB- pictured -RRB- has been jailed for stealing £ 30,000 worth of jewellery and valuables from members of gyms across London . A serial thief who stole £ 30,000 worth of irreplaceable Rolex watches , jewellery and iPhones from wealthy gym members has today been jailed for 32 months . Rajul Patel , 35 , targeted wealthy victims as they worked out at Virgin Active health clubs across London after obtaining memberships using the stolen driving licence of a gym-going doctor . In one spree , Patel stole a man 's platinum wedding ring , first-year anniversary ring , and a 40th birthday bracelet , Isleworth Crown Court was told . He was finally stopped when another gym member spotted him returning to the changing room lockers just five minutes after beginning his workout . When challenged about the items he was removing , he replied : ` Do you not trust me ? ' Patel tried to escape arrest by running from the gym into a nearby shop but was discovered hiding behind a clothes rack . Prosecutor Paul Casey said a conservative estimate of the goods stolen during the two-month spree , not taking into account the items unreturned , was ` between £ 25,000 - £ 30,000 . ' Mr Casey told the court : ` The facts of these burglaries begin with the identity documents of a Doctor Ritesh Sharma being stolen from his gym that he attended on the 12th of September 2014 . ` There followed a number of thefts with Dr Sharma 's identity being used by this defendant . ` It seems they bore a physical resemblance and he was able to use that photo identity before he was eventually apprehended on the 8th of November . ` On that date he attended the Kensington Active gym using Dr Sharma 's identity . ` It was shown to staff and he was told he would need to pay an additional £ 25 , as this particular branch was a premiere gym . ' Mr Casey told the court that Dr Sharma almost came under police suspicion in relation to the thefts - such was the use of his identity cards . Patel took a Samsung Galaxy mobile phone worth £ 200 and a pair of Bose headphones , also worth £ 200 , belonging to Peter Culak , at Virgin Active in Wimbledon on September 13 . At the Clapham branch Patel grabbed a brand-new iPhone six worth £ 600 , a £ 1,500 ring , a Rolex Oyster watch worth £ 2,500 , a £ 150 designer purse , three credit cards and £ 910 in cash belonging to Oliver Budworth . Indian-born Patel stole Horace Treviss 's Cartier watch worth £ 6,000 , his £ 1,200 Cartier ring and a second ring by Bvlgari worth £ 1,300 , as well as £ 50 cash when he was working out at the chain 's Wandsworth gym on October 24 . Patel targeted the Virgin Active in Notting Hill on November 4 , taking Nicholas Little 's £ 500 iPhone as well as £ 50 cash . Hours later he went to the Mayfair branch , taking Robby Surya 's £ 2,000 bag containing a £ 500 iPhone , and £ 8,000 Rolex watch , a £ 100 jacket , a driving licence and three credit cards . Patel struck again , shortly before he was arrested on November 8 when he raided the changing rooms at the Virgin Active Gym , in Old Court Place , Kensington . He took a £ 10,000 Rolex , a £ 500 Samsung mobile phone , an iPhone worth £ 600 and a Dunhill wallet worth £ 200 belonging to Ivan Pavlov . Mr Pavlov also lost two credit cards , a £ 600 necklace as well as £ 50 cash . One of Patel 's victims , Simon Parkinson , sat in court during sentence , explaining that he had suffered from depression and was forced to take time off of work after the ` sentimental ' and ` irreplaceable ' items were stolen . These included a phone , which stored pictures of the first year of his daughter 's life . Patel also took his platinum wedding ring which he had saved for several years , a wedding anniversary ring , and a 40th birthday silver bracelet . Sentencing Patel , Judge Molyneux said : ` Between September and November 2014 you stole a gym membership card and a driving licence belonging to Dr Ritesh Sharma , and you carried out eight burglaries . In one instance , Patel stole a man 's platinum wedding ring , first-year anniversary ring , and a 40th birthday bracelet , Isleworth Crown Court -LRB- pictured -RRB- heard . ` Whatever were the precise circumstances you have pleaded guilty to the theft of the cards . ` You resembled him and decided to use his card to enter gyms across London where you stole from lockers . ` The goods that were stolen were of a high value , in monetary terms between £ 25,000 and £ 30,000 . ` But far more importantly they were of a high sentimental and emotional value to those who they belonged . ` It must have been clear to you that this was the case - one of those items was a wedding ring which was invaluable to the owner . ' Judge Molyneux said the thefts had had ` lasting consequences ' on Mr Parkinson . ` These offences were planned and organised , and took place over a period of months , ' she continued . ` Whether this began opportunistically is to some extent irrelevant . ' The court heard depression , gambling addiction , and the collapse of his business lay at the root of Patel 's offending . Patel , a married father-of-one whose parents came to the UK from Tanzania , had spiraling debts to finance companies , credit card companies , and his relatives . He has a degree in computing and is a middle child , with siblings enjoying successful careers in medicine . The court was told Patel had brought ` shame ' upon his family , and since his arrest had been working as a Dominos pizza delivery man . Patel , of Kingston-Upon-Thames , admitted eight counts of burglary and one of theft . Three others counts of burglary were left to lie on file .