Britain 's most famous pools winner who pledged to ` spend , spend , spend ' after winning more than £ 150,000 has died . Viv Nicholson , 79 , became rich overnight when she scooped £ 152,319 in 1961 with her husband Keith . The win , on a football betting pool , in which gamblers predict the results of football games across a season , would be worth up to £ 5million in today 's money . The pair , from Castleford , West Yorkshire , splurged the cash on flash cars , designer clothes , holidays and partying - frittering away half of their wealth within four years of winning . Scroll down for video . Viv Nicholson , 79 , from West Yorkshire , who became rich overnight when she scooped £ 152,319 in 1961 with her husband Keith -LRB- pictured with Bruce Forsyth -RRB- has passed away following a lengthy battle with dementia . Mrs Nicholson -LRB- above -RRB- and her husband splurged the cash - worth about £ 5million today - on expensive cars , designer clothes , holidays and partying - frittering away at least half of their wealth within four years of winning . However , tragedy struck when Mr Nicholson died at the wheel of his blue Jaguar in 1965 , which led to Mrs Nicholson being declared bankrupt , as the tax authorities reclaimed most of her husband 's wealth . She managed to reclaim some of the money after a lengthy legal battle , but lost it all again from poor investments on the stock market . She later suffered a stroke in 2011 , which her son said led to the onset of dementia , and moved into a care home . Her family confirmed she passed away yesterday following a long battle with the brain disease and requested for donations to be made to Dementia UK in her memory . In a statement released today , her son Howard said : ` We are saddened to announce the death of our much loved mum , Viv Nicholson . ` After suffering with dementia for five years , she died on April 11 at Pinderfields Hospital with her sons at her side . ` Viv was a one-off in all ways - a loving and loved mother , a glamorous great grandmother and a friend to many . Mrs Nicholson lived a fascinating lifestyle , staying true to her word by spending all of the money which she famously won when she was just 25-years-old . In 2007 , she recalled the evening she realised she had won the huge sum of money . She said : ` We found out on Saturday evening that we 'd won the pools , but we could n't find the coupon . We were n't sure if we 'd sent it off or not , but then the winning ticket turned up in Keith 's trousers . ` It 's unbelievable that I remember the exact amount we won so clearly - it was £ 152,300 , 18 shillings and eight pence . Back then , even the eight pence meant something . ` I walked half a mile to the Post Office to send the telegram to the pools company . Within a couple of days , we were in London and famous . ' Mrs Nicholson , 79 , lived a fascinating lifestyle , staying true to her word by spending all of the money which she famously won on the pools in 1961 . Pictured : Actress and singer Barbara Dickson with Mrs Nicholson in 1999 . Mrs Nicholson -LRB- pictured above -RRB- previously condemned people who criticised her for spending all of the money she won , saying it was her life and she ` wo n't be told how to live it ' . Right : Newspaper coverage of her win . The couple found themselves being mobbed by reporters at Kings Cross station . Then the cheque was presented to them by Bruce Forsyth . Asked what she planned to do with it , Viv gleefully replied : ` Spend , spend , spend ! ' Back then , there was no network to support or advise big winners - possibly because hardly anyone had ever won that much . Having promised to spend , not save , the naive young couple retreated to Yorkshire and recklessly proceeded to do just that . They bought a large bungalow in a smart suburb a few miles down the road from where they grew up and she ordered dresses from Harrods , bought a pink Chevrolet and then swapped it for a different luxury car every six months . Keith , a former miner , bought a racehorse and the children were sent to boarding school . She said : ` We travelled all over the States and Europe . ' However , the money soon started to dwindle and Mr Nicholson died when his car skidded off the A1 just four years after the big win . Following his death , Mrs Nicholson married four more times , but was widowed again and went on to battle with alcohol and depression . A short-lived attempt to start a new life in Malta was soon curtailed after she was deported for fighting with a police officer . In desperation she took to performing ` Big Spender ' in a Manchester strip club , but was fired when she refused to take off her underwear . In 1984 , The Smiths asked her to pose for the cover of their hit single Heaven Knows I 'm Miserable now . Her story was turned into a televised BBC play and later a musical - both called Spend , Spend , Spend in honour of her catchphrase . The production even appeared on the West End , netting Mrs Nicholson £ 100,000 royalties . Mrs Nicholson -LRB- pictured outside the home she lived in when she won the pools -RRB- married four more times following the death of husband Keith . Her family have asked for donations to Dementia UK in her memory . Her story was turned into a televised BBC play and later a musical - both called Spend , Spend , Spend in honour of her catchphrase . The production premiered at the West Yorkshire Playhouse in Leeds before a run at London 's West End . Mrs Nicholson received royalties of around £ 100,000 from the musical , which were spent , and she revealed in an interview with the Mail in 2007 that she was living off of her state pension and seeking work . At the time , she said she could n't help but spend her royalties or the money she received from her 1978 autobiography . ` I ca n't not do , I love to spend , ' she said . She also criticised people who condemned her for splashing her cash and not investing it wisely . She said : ` People say I should be ashamed of what I spent my money on , and that I could have done so much more . ` But when I lost my last 20 grand on the stock market , I did not cry about it . I had a good whack and enjoyed what I did . ` It may have served me right - maybe I was wild and crazy . But it is my life and I wo n't be told how to live it . '