Ten former Atlanta public school educators , convicted earlier this month of racketeering in one of the largest U.S. test-cheating scandals , were told to consider plea deals or face significantly more time behind bars . Fulton County Judge Jerry Baxter urged the defendants during the sentencing hearing on Monday to accept deals with the prosecution in the trial over a widespread conspiracy to cheat on state tests . He also threatened prison sentences for them if they fail to reach those deals . ` I 've got a fair sentence in my mind and it involves going to jail for everybody , ' said Baxter . He also said , ` I do n't think you want to go my way . Either it 's my way or a negotiated plea . ' The sentencing will resume on Tuesday . Scroll down for video . Fulton County Superior Court Judge Jerry Baxter presides over the sentencing of 10 of the 11 defendants convicted of racketeering and other charges in the Atlanta Public Schools test-cheating trial in court on Monday . Former Atlanta public school educators fill the courtroom during the sentencing hearing which began on Monday . Former Atlanta public school Dunbar Elementary teacher Pamela Cleveland reacts in court as she listens to her mother testify on her behalf during witness statements during the sentencing . Reverend Bernice King -LRB- left -RRB- , daughter of the late civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr and Former U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Andrew Young were both present in court on Monday . If the convicted educators accept deals , they would be required to apologize and waive their right to appeal , and former administrators would be given punishments from one year of weekend jail time and a $ 10,000 fine , according to the AJC . Former teachers and testing coordinators would be given one year of home confinement and a $ 1,000 fine . During a trial lasting nearly six months , prosecutors accused the defendants of erasing incorrect answers or instructing students to change their answers so the educators could secure promotions and cash bonuses in the 50,000-student Atlanta school system in 2009 . The educators fed answers to students or erased and changed the answers on tests after they were turned in to secure promotions or up to $ 5,000 each in bonuses . However , the person accused of benefiting the most from the conspiracy , Superintendent Beverly Hall - who is thought to have received up to $ 500,000 in bonus payouts - died of breast cancer over the course of the trial . A total of 35 Atlanta educators were indicted in March 2013 on charges including racketeering , making false statements and theft . Many pleaded guilty before the trial , and some of them testified at the months-long trial . The jury acquitted one of the 12 former educators who had been on trial and convicted the other 11 on a racketeering charge , and were facing up to 20 years in prison . They were all found guilty under the the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act , or RICO , which is typically reserved for major mobsters and organized crime bosses . On Monday during the sentencing , Baxter said any children who were promoted based on false test scores were the real victims , adding that can lead to students later dropping out of school because they can not do the work , having been cheated out of the earlier education . Such children often end up in trouble with the law , he said . ` They are the most vulnerable children in our city , and they were short-changed , ' Baxter said . ` They were passed on and now they 're in the prison system . ' Baxter heard from character witnesses for 10 of the 11 defendants convicted this month of racketeering for their roles in a scheme to inflate students ' scores on standardized exams . The witnesses -- mostly friends and relatives of the defendants -- pleaded for mercy and described the former educators ' passion for teaching and dedication to their students , which often extended to devoting their personal time and money to help . Former Dobbs Elementary teacher Dessa Curb sat in court during sentencing . She was acquitted of all charges by the jury . Brian Evans , husband of former Atlanta public school Dobbs Elementary principal Dana Evans and former Atlanta public school testing coordinator Theresia Copeland become emotional in court . Former Atlanta Public School Dobbs Elementary principal Dana Evans asks for leniency during sentencing of racketeering charges in one of the largest U.S. test-cheating scandals during the sentencing . The 11th former educator who was convicted was pregnant when the jury reached its verdict and gave birth over the weekend . She is set to be sentenced later . Baxter listened carefully , often asking questions , and said repeatedly that while he did n't doubt the former educators ' commitment and teaching ability , he believed they had made bad decisions . Whenever a witness or defense attorney questioned the jury 's verdict , the judge quickly made it clear that he had heard the evidence and agreed with the verdict . Baxter said he arrived at work Monday with what he believed to be a fair sentence in mind . However , District Attorney Paul Howard told him he had been speaking with defense attorneys over the weekend and that he believed the case could be resolved with negotiated pleas , eliminating the possibility of appeals that could stretch on for years . ` I just see all the pain in this room , ' Baxter said . ` It 's a tragedy for all of you -- the defendants , your families , your friends . ' The only reason he would send them to jail , he said , would be for retribution . Fulton County Senior Asst. DA Clint Rucker talks with another member of the prosecution team during witness statements for the defendants . Former U.S. Ambassador Andrew Young testifies during witness statements at the sentencing asking the judge for leniency arguing that the former educators have much to offer the community if they are spared prison . ` I just think the best thing for our community in this whole sordid mess is for Paul Howard to talk to each of you and enter pleas , ' Baxter said before calling a late lunch break around 2 pm . When the hearing resumed an hour later , Baxter said the court would recess until Tuesday morning to give defense attorneys time to discuss with the district attorney about possible deals . Howard said he wants to see the defendants accept responsibility . Bernice King , daughter of the late civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr , last week urged the judge to spare the 11 educators from prison . Former elementary school principal Dana Evans was one of only two former educators who addressed the judge herself on Monday . She apologized and appealed to his sense of compassion , and Baxter made it clear he had sympathy for her , saying , ` you were under so much pressure , so my heart goes out to you . ' In 2008 , The Atlanta Journal-Constitution published a series of articles that questioned the veracity of test scores across the Atlanta school school system , which has 50,000 students . The newspaper contended the scores were statistically improbable . Gov. Sonny Perdue subsequently launched an investigation , which concluded in June 2011 . Superintendent Beverly L. Hall was the alleged ringleader of the cheating scandal , but denied any involvement . She died of breast cancer last month . It found at least 44 schools were guilty of cheating , dating back to 2005 . Educators fed answers to students or erased and changed answers on tests after they were turned in . One principal wore gloves as she erased and changed the answers . Nearly 180 employees , including 38 principals , were accused of wrongdoing . The report said Superintendent Beverly L. Hall -LRB- right -RRB- had ` created a culture of fear , intimidation and retaliation ' that had permitted ` cheating -- at all levels -- to go unchecked for years ' The cheating allowed educators to collect bonuses and improve the ailing reputation of the Atlanta school system , the investigation found . It allowed them to accept bonuses of up to $ 5,000 each , however Dr Hall is believed to have accepted up to $ 500,000 . In March 2013 , Dr Hall and 34 educators were indicted by a grand jury on charges including racketeering , making false statements and theft . 21 of the educators plead guilty to reach plea agreements . They received between 250 and 1,000 hours of community service and must repay their bonuses . 12 educators chose to stand trial . The trail started in August 2014 . Dr Hall did not stand trial or accept a plea , claiming she was too sick . She died of breast cancer in March 2015 . Prosecutors said the 12 were looking out for themselves rather than their students . On Wednesday , only one of the 12 educators were acquitted . The 11 educators - teachers , a principal and other administrators - were found guilty . The racketeering charges carry up to 20 years in prison . Source : AP , The New York Times . ` I know you want to hear an admission of guilt , but I ca n't do that because it 's not true , ' Evans told the judge , but added that she could say she is sorry . One defense attorney called former Atlanta mayor and United Nations ambassador Andrew Young to testify . Young said he had no connection to any of the defendants , but that his family includes many teachers . ` We have messed up education so much . Tests and grades do not make you educated , ' he said on Monday , later adding , ` I think these teachers got caught in a trap . ' Young asked Baxter for leniency , saying educators are ` the backbone of this society ' and arguing that the former educators have much to offer the community if they are spared prison . Evidence of cheating was found in 44 schools , with nearly 180 educators involved , and investigators found teachers who tried to report it faced retaliation . The cheating is believed to date back to 2001 , when scores on statewide skills tests began to turn around in the 50,000-student school district . Between 2005 and 2009 , test answers were altered and falsely certified , according to the 2013 indictment . On Monday , Larry Pratt -LRB- above holding a memorial program for former superintendent Beverly Hall -RRB- protesters stood outside of the Fulton County courthouse with others during a protest to free the 11 educators . Protesters chant outside the Fulton County courthouse on Monday during the sentencing hearing of the convicted former educators . According to Governing.com , most educators ' bonuses did n't exceed a total of $ 5,000 between 2005 and 2009 . The months-long trial began in August with more than six weeks of jury selection , and testimony concluded in late February . The criminal investigation by the Fulton County district attorney 's office lasted nearly two years . It only came to light after The Atlanta Journal-Constitution reported in 2008 that some test scores were statistically improbable . Howard the case was the biggest and most complex his office had ever handled lasting nearly two years and involved hundreds of interviews with school administrators , staff , parents and students .