Burglars gutted a family home in what police have described as the worst case of ` mindless destruction ' they have ever witnessed . The intruders broke into a home in Hatfield Peverel , Essex , flooded the kitchen , dumped the TV in a bath filled with water and slashed sofas and chairs in a wanton wrecking spree . They stole jewellery including a wedding ring and watches , a computer , laptop and tablet from the house and left thousands of pounds in damage . These photos show the scenes left by mindless burglars after they ransacked a home - leaving the owners with thousands of pounds worth of damage . The intruders broke into home in Hatfield Peverel , Essex , flooded the kitchen , dumped the TV in a bath filled with water and slashed sofas and chairs in a wanton wrecking spree . The group even stopped for some toast - leaving bread and lumps of butter out on the sideboard . There seems to be no method to the ransacking of the property , with cupboards open at random and emptied on to the floor . The group even stopped for some toast - leaving bread and butter out on the sideboard . The victim , who asked not to be named , said : ` There has been a tremendous amount of damage done to our home . ` It has been quite unsettling since it happened and I have felt uneasy thinking about it . ` Our home has been ransacked without a second thought , it looks like they have just gone mad inside our house , intent on causing as much destruction as possible . The victim , who did not want to be named , said : ` Our home has been ransacked without a second thought , it looks like they have just gone mad inside our house , intent on causing as much destruction as possible ' Detective Constable Nick Campbell said : ` I have been to many burglary crime scenes over the years , but this incident stands out as one of the worst examples of mindless destruction that I have seen during my career ' The vandals also ripped into leather seats , leaving the stuffing exposed , for apparently no reason . ` A lot of my jewellery has been stolen , some of which had been passed down to me and has great sentimental value . ` I would ask that if anyone knows who has done this , please tell the police . ' Detective Constable Nick Campbell said : ` I have been to many burglary crime scenes over the years , but this incident stands out as one of the worst examples of mindless destruction that I have seen during my career . ` They have caused catastrophic damage to this family home which will take time and money to put right . ` I am intent on catching those responsible for this burglary before they strike again . '