A 3D printing company has created a prosthetic leg for a goose after it was left struggling for self confidence following an amputation . Ozzie the goose was close to being put down numerous times after he broke his leg and it was amputated at the joint . But an animal lover 's appeal for help led to a South African tech company stepping in to manufacture him a brand new limb . Ozzie the goose has his stump measurements taken as BunnyCorp works to design him a new leg . Ozzie 's new 3D printed leg -LRB- pictured -RRB- was designed in the shape and size of a goose leg to fit him perfectly . Philip Van Der Walt , director of BunnyCorp , said it was a few weeks ago when his company ` got word of a goose with a situation ' . He said : ` He broke his leg and it had to be amputated at the joint . ` He was lucky as animal lover and rescuer Sue Burger got hold of him and started nursing him back to health . As time went by he struggled more and more to cope with only one leg resulting in damaged wings and self confidence . ` They considered ending his struggle many times but always decided not to . ` Out of desperation , Sue managed to get onto the national radio station here and called -LRB- South African broadcaster -RRB- RSG in the hope someone would hear their plea and be able to assist them somehow . ` Helen from 3D printing systems contacted me a few days later telling me about someone who is looking for help , as she normally sends us medical related queries . The prosthetic limb is composed of several parts and replacement pieces which comprise his new leg . After creating specific design files , a 3D printer was used to manufacture the new limb -LRB- pictured -RRB- . ` We soon discovered that it was the same person from the radio . We contacted Sue and told her we would look into it and see if we can get something off the ground . ' Mr Van Der Walt then gathered up sponsors to help fund what is believed to be the first 3D-printed prosthetic limb for an animal in South Africa . He added : ` Sue brought the goose to the BunnyCorp offices where we took photos and took measurements of the goose 's leg . We explained to them the process and what we had planned and then set a date for the test . ` We started working and came up with a few possible solutions , we are by no means experts on animal prosthetic but we do work with human prosthetic and this did give us some insight on what should work . ` The CAD -LRB- computer-aided design -RRB- files where then sent to Hybrid Advanced Geometries to be 3D printed and finished . ` We got together on the 3rd of April and did a fitting test on the goose , the parts fitted perfectly but he was a bit confused about his new leg as he has been without one for about five months . ` He will need some therapy to assist him and close monitoring for a few days . We can then re-look the design and see if any improvements can be made before we 3D print the final product . ' Ozzie the goose is able to fly short distances again after the replacement limb allowed him to properly land .