Black boxes play a vital role in revealing what happened in the final moments of doomed flights , but not many people know what they actually look like . Photographer Jeffrey Milstein has shot a fascinating project documenting black boxes , shedding light on what happens to the devices after tragic crashes . Despite the name , the boxes are usually red to help rescuers spot them among the wreckage of crashed planes and helicopters . Scroll down for video . Photographer Jeffrey Milstein has shot a fascinating project documenting black boxes , shedding light on what happens to the devices after tragic crashes . The boxes are often severely burned and damaged in crashes -LRB- left -RRB- , however some are pulled from the wreckage relatively unscathed . Despite the name , the boxes are usually red -LRB- right -RRB- to help rescuers spot them among the wreckage of crashed planes and helicopters . The boxes , which record flight data and conversations between pilots , are incredibly important for discovering what led to a plane 's crash . Mr Milstein 's work saw him gain access to air safety storage facilities where data recorders end up following an accident . After disaster strikes , there is an immediate attempt to cover the black box - as seen in recent tragedies such as Germanwings flight 4U 9525 . The boxes , which record flight data and conversations between pilots , are incredibly important for discovering what led to a plane 's crash , as evidenced by the continuing search for Malaysian Airlines flight MH370 and its flight recorders in the Indian Ocean . Photographer Mr Milstein , from New York , said the boxes were the only way to piece together the cause of a disaster . Mr Milstein 's -LRB- pictured -RRB- work saw him gain access to air safety storage facilities where data recorders end up following an incident . Remarkable : The fascinating photographs document black boxes , and parts of boxes , that have been recovered from aircraft accidents . Mr Milstein said he became interested in black boxes after being asked to take photographs of one after a helicopter crash in Ottawa , Canada . After disaster strikes , there is an immediate attempt to cover the black box - as seen in recent tragedies such as Germanwings flight 4U 9525 . Black boxes have developed throughout the years , becoming stronger to ensure they survive even the most devastating impacts . ` While everyone has heard of the black box , few people have seen one . These photographs document black boxes , and parts of boxes , that have been recovered from aircraft accidents , ' he said . ` Some of the earliest boxes used wire , metal foil , or continuous magnetic tape for recording . As technological instruments they are visually fascinating . ` In addition , they are emotionally charged - some crushed , some burnt - they reveal stories of the tragedies that occurred . They may contain the last words of the pilots , and the best hope of understanding and preventing future mishaps . It is hard not to look at some of them without being reminded of our vulnerability . ' Mr Milstein said he became interested in black boxes after being asked to take photographs of one after a helicopter crash in Ottawa , Canada . He said : ` When I was shooting the one from the helicopter I noticed there were some others on shelves . Many very old early models or just parts . They allowed me to photograph them . They did n't know what accidents many of the old ones were from . I just photographed them as objects . Older models of black boxes relied on tape and magnetic wire , eventually progressing to tape following technological advances . Mr Milstein carried out his research in Australia as the authorities in the US would not allow him to view wreckage there . Black boxes record flight data as well as conversations in the cockpit of planes , providing an insight into the final moments on board aircraft . ` When back in the US I contacted our Transportation Safety Board -LRB- TSB -RRB- but they would not allow photographs . One day I read that the black box was invented in Australia . So I ended up going to Canberra and photographing what they had . ` Only a few of the boxes had tags and I did n't try to find out where they all came from and I 'm not sure they knew about the old ones . I think a few were not from crashes . ` They told me that they often did the analysis for a large area around there , including Indonesia . Apparently many TSBs return black boxes to the airlines . ` There seem to be a few primary manufacturers . Over the years they used magnetic wire and foil . And magnetic tape which fell into a slot in a box so it would n't get stuck on a reel . You can see that on one of the older boxes . '