Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton enjoyed some downtime with husband Bill on Saturday afternoon , taking a stroll near their Chappaqua , New York , home . Meanwhile , her two ` Scooby ' campaign vans got some TLC of their own at a local body shop , where they were also hand washed . The aspiring leader of the free world and her husband were spotted wearing blue ball caps - Hillary 's bearing the Clinton Foundation logo - and matching dark blue shirts as they soaked in the sun and walked hand-in-hand through a nearby park . Mrs Clinton will hit the campaign trail again today in New Hampshire , where she 'll hold a round table at a family-owned business this afternoon . She 'll participate in another tomorrow morning at a community college during her two-day swing through the Granite State . Scroll down for videos . EXCLUSIVE : Hilary Clinton and husband Bill go for a stroll while holding hands in a park in Chappaqua , New York . The aspiring leader of the free world and her husband were spotted wearing blue ball caps - Hillary 's bearing the Clinton Foundation logo - and matching dark blue polo shirts as they soaked in the sun . CHECK-UP : The Scooby vans had made the 1,000 miles trip back from Iowa since Hillary flew home commercial last week . SPARKLING : The secret of keeping the Scooby fleet immaculate is regular washing . TUNE-UP : Clinton 's presidential campaign prepared to hit the road again on Saturday , taking the two armored Scooby vans to a car shop for inspection . Mrs. Clinton will hit the campaign trail again today in New Hampshire , where she 'll hold a round table at a family-owned business this afternoon . Clinton is seen here on Saturday , walking with her Secret Service agent . She 's currently on a two-day swing through the Granite State . Clinton starts the second leg of her endeavor to win the vote of ` everyday ' Americans on the heels of a news report showing she makes more money for an hour 's worth of work than the country 's top CEOs . The former secretary of state was banking $ 300,000 for paid appearances before she ditched the speaking circuit for an offensive on the White House . The average CEO 's hourly rate is $ 54,213 , the Washington Examiner , pointed out . She makes more on the days she 's paid a premium to give remarks than big wigs of the likes of Ralph Lauren , Kinder Morgan Energy Partners co-founder Richard Kinder and former Vornado president and CEO Michael Fascitelli . Taken in the context of a full work week , though , Clinton 's rate drops far below what corporate heads are hauling in . She receives checks for just over a tenth of what America 's highest paid CEO , John Hammergren of medical supply company McKesson Corporation , earns in a week . Bill joined her for the outing and walked alongside her with his Secret Service agent . First Scooby tour : Vans made return trip after Hillary left on Wednesday and were in Chappaqua on Saturday . A multimillionaire who has spent the better part of the last two and a half decades living in Washington , D.C. and New York , Clinton has struggled to shed her image as an up-tight politician who cares more about winning the keys to the kingdom , so to speak , than she does boosting blue collar workers . The negative connotations kept Clinton her from beating Barack Obama in 2008 and already threatening to wreck her second attempt at the nation 's highest elected office . While driving with one of her aides from New York to Iowa for a first round of campaigning last week , the two women stopped off at Chipotle for lunch . They work dark sunglasses , kept quiet and went unrecognized . It took security camera footage to prove they were ever there . Once in Iowa , Clinton 's campaign vetted and planted fans of the Democrat in a coffee shop it knew she would make an unannounced stop at and hold what appeared at the time to be an impromptu round table discussion . The back-to-back incidents were widely panned as further proof that Clinton is out-of-touch . Clinton skipped the long ride home and returned via commercial aircraft . She sat in the coach section , though , and was photographed dragging around her own luggage . WEEKEND OUTING : Hillary was n't the only one spending time with her husband . Huma Abedin , her closest aide , was with her husband Anthony Weiner , notorious for sabotaging his own political career by sending explicit pictures . The couple ignored the chance to go to Chipotle , two doors down from this New York taco restaurant . BRUSH-UP : Meanwhile , the two rest of the enoturage for the vans she 's been riding around in got some TLC at a local car wash . CAR WASH : The vehicles were also washed by hand . Clinton skipped the long ride home last week from Iowa and returned via commercial aircraft . She 'll make the short drive from New York to New Hampshire in her motorcade today , however . CLOSELY-GUARDED : The Hillary motorcade includes these - now sparkling - Chevy Suburbans .