It 's not uncommon for parents to want their children to follow in their footsteps - even if it 's limited to just shared interests . But it seems that some are setting their kids on the chosen path earlier than expected . Especially these mothers and fathers , who have projected their geeky interests onto their slumbering newborns in a series of adorable photographs . Art and photography community , BoredPanda have created a thread encouraging parents to showcase their ` true nerdy colours ' by dressing their babies up as sci-fi characters , like Princess Leia from Star Wars . Another baby is dressed up as widely-recognisable Nintendo character Mario , complete with tiny dungarees , the red flat cap and even a fake felt moustache . One sleeping newborn is sporting a completely knitted Wonder Woman costume . Art , design and photography community BoredPanda has created a thread encouraging parents to upload cute images of their babies showcasing their parents ' ` true nerdy colors . ' And of course , obliging parents have taken to the thread with professional photography shots of their trussed up newborns . Dressed as characters ranging across fantasy and sci-fi movies , books , TV shows and comic books , the adorable babies are seen in different scenarios and positions that have clearly been carefully arranged by their parents . A few of the images have even been subject to careful doctoring via Photoshop , in order to make the scenarios more realistic . Spiderman 's a popular choice ! Another baby is pictured alongside toy replicas of his superhero comrades . These babies are dressed as Star Wars Jedi knights , complete with light sabers and the characteristic brown cloak . One baby has been incorporated into a complicated Harry Potter scenario , complete with round-framed glasses , suitcases for Hogwarts and a magic wand . Some parents have really taken the geek-factor to the next level and have dressed their babes as characters from sci-film films such as Star Wars . One baby is seen as Princess Leia , surrounded by cuddly toy versions of the characters , while she herself is laid comfortably in the middle , wrapped in lace swaddling and sporting a hilarious knitted version of the famous hair-buns . Another baby is dressed as a Jedi , wrapped in a brown cloak characteristic of the monastic characters with an illuminated lightsaber propped up next to him . One newborn is kitted out as widely-recognisable Nintendo character Mario , complete with tiny dungarees , the red flat cap and even a fake felt moustache . To complete the illusion , the baby has been gently laid on an old-school Nintendo gaming device . Two sleeping newborns have been dressed up as comic book characters . One as Flash -LRB- pictured left -RRB- and one as a Ninja Turtle -LRB- pictured right -RRB- . Down the rabbit hole : One slumbering babe is in a sweet Alice - from Alice in Wonderland - costume , complete with a knitted pocket watch and a grinning Cheshire cat . Other babies have been dressed up like characters from well-known children books . One soundly-sleeping newborn has been incorporated into a scenario from J.K. Rowling 's Harry Potter franchise . The baby sports the character 's signature round-frame glasses , while laid on top of a pile of suitcases - possibly alluding to his journey to wizarding school , Hogwarts - and is surrounded by the world-famous books , as well as a makeshift wand . Another little-one is undoubtedly dressed as Alice from Lewis Caroll 's much-loved , Alice in Wonderland . The sleeping baby sports a blue ribbon hairband and clutches a pocket watch as well as a toy replica of the grinning Cheshire cat . One of the images sees a baby dressed up as a Ninja Turtle , with a full knitted costume , even complete with pizza slice props , one of the characters ' idiosyncracies . A newborn has been incorporated into a toy line-up of the much-loved recent Disney film , Frozen . Some parents have chosen to project their love of comic books on their babies , with some newborns kitted out as immediately recognisable superheroes , such as Flash , Wonder Woman , Spiderman , and Ninja Turtle . These costumes are complete with props such as string for Spiderman 's webspray , inflatable swords in place of real ones , and even pizzas for the Ninja Turtles . One parent has decided to go with a recent much-loved Disney animation : Frozen . Their newborn is seen emulating Olaf , the enthusiastic snowman , photoshopped next to a line-up of toy versions of the other characters . Another soundly-sleeping babe is a medieval knight and is cushioned up on a toy horse , sporting fleecy-looking grey knitted ` armour ' and ` helmet ' , while another newborn is simply a ` geek ' with oversized glasses , a bow tie and a smart-phone . Baby Geek : One baby is simply dressed up as a ` nerd ' , clutching a smart phone showing equations and wearing glasses and a bow tie . Baby Knight : Another baby is kitted out in knitted grey ` armour ' and rides his toy horse .