A teenager who received a life-saving heart transplant two years ago after initially being denied because of his bad behavior has died following a high-speed car chase with police . Anthony Stokes , 17 , died on Tuesday after he crashed a stolen Honda into a pole as he fled the scene of an attempted burglary at an elderly woman 's home in Roswell , Georgia . His death comes less than two years after he was given a second chance at life following a heart transplant at Children 's Healthcare of Atlanta , the Atlanta Journal Constitution reported . The boy , from Decatur , suffered from a dilated cardiomyopathy so his heart was unable to pump enough blood . The condition can lead to irregular heartbeats , blood clots or heart failure . Scroll down for video . Killed : Anthony Stokes , pictured , died on Tuesday afternoon as he fled police after allegedly breaking in to a home in Georgia . He is pictured right in a mug shot from a January arrest . Life-saving : When he was 15 -LRB- pictured -RRB- , Stokes received a transplant . His story made headlines after the boy was initially refused a transplant because doctors said he would not be compliant with the treatment . He had been given just six to nine months to live but the hospital initially refused to put him on the waiting list for a new organ because they thought he would be ` non-compliant ' with the treatment . Patients can be disqualified from getting a transplant if a hospital doubts they 'll stick to the medication regimen after the operation . At the time , the hospital said that Stokes had failed to take his medication in the past , so his history of non-compliance meant he was not put on the waiting list . But family and friends alleged that his low school grades and brushes with the law were the real reason he had been ruled out . Stokes ' mother , Melencia Hamilton , told reporters that her son , who wore a court-ordered monitoring device , had been stereotyped as a troubled teen . Following pressure from national media coverage , the boy 's family and civil rights groups , the hospital backpedaled in August 2013 , and the teenager received a new heart . ` After reviewing the situation , they said Anthony would be placed on the list for a heart transplant and that he would be first in line , due to his weakened heart condition , ' spokesman Mark Bell said . Video courtesy of CBS46.com . Deadly : He crashed this stolen Honda into a pole as he fled from police in Roswell on Tuesday afternoon . Scene : He hit a woman and crashed into a SunTrust Bank sign -LRB- pictured -RRB- and later died in hospital . Violent : He is also believed to have carried out an attempted robbery at an elderly woman 's home before the deadly crash . During the robbery , the intruder fired at the woman , leaving this bullet hole in the wall . In 2013 , the Orlando Sentinel reported that the average cost of a heart transplant is between $ 550,000 and $ 650,000 . That year , 63 Georgia patients received a heart transplant , according to the United Network for Organ Sharing . Just six of those were between the ages of 11 and 17 . The hospital that carried out the transplant , Children 's Healthcare of Atlanta , had long been quiet about the surgery and its cost - citing patient privacy laws - and declined to comment on Wednesday , saying only : ` We are deeply saddened by this loss . ' Photographs on Stokes ' Facebook page show him shirtless with a large scar to his chest from the surgery . Other images show him pointing a firearm at the camera or holding up wads of cash . On January 10 this year , he was arrested and charged with possession of tools for the commission of a crime and criminal attempt , according to DeKalb County jail , and he was released from jail on February 3 after posting $ 5,000 bond . Then on Tuesday , Stokes put on a mask and allegedly kicked in an elderly woman 's door in Roswell and shot at her after finding her watching television inside , police told CBS46 . She fled to a back bedroom and was unharmed but bullet holes could be seen in her walls and a black car was seen fleeing from the scene . Stokes is pictured pointing a gun and holding cash in multiple photographs on his Facebook page . Police responding to a nearby call spotted a car that matched its description and took chase . With police on his tail , Stokes clipped a car on an intersection and hurtled towards the curb - knocking down a 33-year-old woman before smashing into SunTrust Bank sign and wrapping the car around its pole , Officer Lisa Holland said . The injured pedestrian , Clementina Hernandez , is in good condition in hospital but Stokes passed away after he was cut from the car and taken to hospital . The crash remains under investigation . The vehicle had been reported missing from Dunwoody so Dunwoody Police are also involved in the investigation . Channel 2 recalled how , back in 2013 , Stokes had said he was excited that the heart transplant would give him a second chance at life . ` So I can live a second chance , ' he said . ` Get a second chance and do things I want to do . '