A bizarre tale of torture and amnesia is set to unfold in a Queensland court on Monday . The case involves a man from central Queensland who has been charged with torture , after another man went to hospital suffering fractures , head injuries and burns . Officers arrested a 32-year-old man from suburban Kepnock who will appear at Bundaberg Magistrates Court on Monday on charges including grievous bodily harm , deprivation of liberty and torture . On Saturday a 29-year-old man was admitted to Bundaberg Hospital -LRB- pictured -RRB- suffering from fractures , head injuries and burns . An investigation was launched on Saturday when a 29-year-old man went to Bundaberg Hospital . Initial police inquiries were to do with the theft of the man 's car . However , after observing his injuries at the hospital , police started their own investigation despite the victim claiming to have amnesia and that he could not remember what happened to him . Police claim that the offences took place between March 20 to March 27 . The victim was taken to hospital on March 28 , with burns to 15 per cent of his body . The 32-year-old accused from suburban Kepnock is due to appear at Bundaberg Magistrates Court -LRB- pictured -RRB- on Monday . ` The man reported to police on Saturday that his vehicle had been stolen , ' a Queensland police spokesman told Daily Mail Australia . ` Police then went to the hospital to make inquiries about that when they saw his injuries and commenced further investigations . ` The victim is claiming to have amnesia . That 's what he told police , but they were able to charge the other man because they had solid evidence . While in Bundaberg Hospital -LRB- pictured -RRB- the victim claimed to be suffering from amnesia . ` It was not -LRB- based on -RRB- what the victim could remember . The two men also know each other . ` Police carried out their own investigation and were able to charge the other man . ' Police say the victim had been assaulted at Mount Perry , about 100 kilometres west of Bundaberg .