Officials at an elementary school in Maine have come under fire for teaching students about transgender issues without first seeking the approval of parents . During a lesson on tolerance and acceptance , children at Horace Mitchell Primary School in Kittery Point were read I Am Jazz , a book about a child ` with a boy 's body and a girl 's brain ' who eventually finds a doctor that tells the family the boy is a transgender . Some parents are unhappy with the school after they say their children came home with questions about gender and wondering if they too might be trans . I Am Jazz is a book about a child ` with a boy 's body and a girl 's brain ' who eventually finds a doctor that tells the family the boy is a transgender . One unnamed mom was so angry she contacted conservative pundit Sean Hannity after she felt that the school ignored her initial complaint . ` I feel like my thoughts , feelings and beliefs were completely ignored ... . My right as a parent to allow or not allow this discussion with my child was taken from me . It is very upsetting to me that I did n't have an option at all , ' she told hannity.com . ` When I spoke with the principal he was very cold about it . It 's amazing how thoughtless the school has been with this whole thing . ' The mother claims that lesson prompted her 7-year-old son to start asking a lot of questions and questioning if he might be trans - something that he had never previously spoken about . ` I was taken aback by it ... Being seven , once you put something in their mind they do n't forget so easily , ' she said . In the wake of Hannity contacting the school asking for clarity , officals have now apologized . Allyn Hutton , the superintendent of the local district , said she supported the reading of the book but admitted that parents should have been first notified . Officials at Horace Mitchell Primary School in Kittery Point , Maine , have come under fire for teaching students about transgender issues . Allyn Hutton , the superintendent of the local district , admitted that parents should have been first notified . ` We have a practice of if a topic is considered sensitive , parents should be informed . In this situation , that did n't happen , ' she said . ` The whole culture at Mitchell School is about teaching tolerance and respect . The people presenting the lesson thought -LSB- I Am Jazz -RSB- was one more piece of teaching that lesson . In retrospect , we understand that toleration is tolerating people of all opinions . ' But at least one parents has come out in support of the school 's initial decision to select the book as appropiate for teaching young students . ` People in this country , parents in this country are outraged by bullying , teen suicide rates and the depression in children . The staff of Mitchell School is doing something about this . By teaching acceptance and love they are shedding a light on -LSB- LGBTI -RSB- issues , ' reports Gay Star News . ` LGBTQ issues should never be classified as a `` sensitive subject '' -- there is nothing sensitive about the way we are born . Blonde hair , brown hair , gay , straight or somewhere in-between , we are all people and we all need acceptance . ' The book at the center of the controversy , I Am Jazz , is based off of the life of now 14-year-old Jazz Jennings who , although born a boy , claims to have identified as a girl since he was two-years-old . ` From the time she was two years old , Jazz knew that she had a girl 's brain in a boy 's body . She loved pink and dressing up as a mermaid and did n't feel like herself in boys ' clothing , ' reads the book 's description on Amazon.com . ` This confused her family , until they took her to a doctor who said that Jazz was transgender and that she was born that way . Jazz 's story is based on her real-life experience and she tells it in a simple , clear way that will be appreciated by picture book readers , their parents , and teachers . '