They may look like inventions straight out of a sci-fi film , but this collection of designs were very much real and developed in a top-secret British war lab more than 70 years ago . Ministry of Defence 1 , also known as ` Churchill 's Toyshop ' , was a weapons laboratory set up in 1939 by Winston Churchill - a firm believer in the importance of science and technology in warfare . He encouraged his scientists to trial even the most absurd of inventions - many of which never made it beyond the drawing board - but some were so successful that they played a vital role in ending World War Two . Scroll down for video . Winston Churcill is pictured gives his ` victory ' sign as , wearing his famed Curchillian hat , he made a polling day tour of his constituency during the election in 1945 . Churchill was the Conservative candidate for Woodford , Essex , but lost in the elections . 1 . THE PANJANDRUM : A GIANT WHEEL COVERED IN ROCKETS . The Atlantic Wall was a series of robust fortifications built after 1942 by the Nazis to defend against an anticipated Allied invasion . Churchill was born in Blenheim Palace into the blue-blooded dynasty of the Dukes of Marlborough . He was an enthusiastic soldier , fighting in several wars before entering politics . Churchill was made prime minister of Britain in May 1940 . He survived several strokes in later life , and on his death , he had one of the largest state funerals in history . It posed a significant obstacle for Allies , and so a potential solution to create a breach large enough to allow a vehicle through was dreamed up by one of Churchill 's military think-tanks . The panjandrum was an unlikely-looking weapon , made up of two large wooden cartwheels with a ton of explosives sandwiched between them inside the axle . Cordite rockets were to propel it at predicted speeds of up to 60 miles -LRB- 97 km -RRB- per hour , which even without the deadly force of the explosives it carried , was pretty terrifying considering it weighed around 4,000 lbs -LRB- 1,800 kg -RRB- . After extensive trials , the prototype had a disastrous final test in which it veered dangerously off course and disintegrated in the sea . It was promptly canned . The panjandrum , pictured , was an unlikely-looking weapon , made up of two large wooden cartwheels with a ton of explosives sandwiched between them inside the axle . 2 . THE TIME PENCIL : A HIDDEN DETONATOR WITH SIGHTS ON THE FUHRER . Otherwise known as ` pencil detonators ' or officially as ` Switch , Number 10 , Delay ' , these were pencil-shaped timed fuses with a vial of corrosive copper chloride at one end . They were inserted into explosives and used as a ` time delay ' to set off a bomb . They could be set to delay for between 10 minutes and 24 hours . To activate it , the vial was crushed so the copper chloride would begin to dissolve a metal wire . Once the wire snapped , it released a spring that propelled a striker down the hollow tube to the percussion cap , to detonate the explosives it had been inserted into . These were used extensively during covert operations by the SAS in Africa . One of these detonators was used in the 20 July plot of 1944 , in the briefcase-bomb attempt to kill Hitler . This hidden detonator used a vial of corrosive copper to dissolve a metal wire , propelling a ` striker ' down a hollow tube and detonating explosives the pencil was attached to . 3 . THE LIMPET MINE : LIKE A SEA MINE , BUT WITH A MAN ATTACHED . The idea of using a human torpedo to attach explosive charges had been around since the end of World War One . Churchill 's version was attached by frogmen who used the most powerful magnet in the world at the time to attach around 4.5 lbs -LRB- two kilograms -RRB- of explosive to an enemy ship , capable of punching a large hole in the hull . Divers would carry the limpet mines underwater and attach them to ships , causing devastating damage when they exploded . They were used in the war to devastating effect . Seven Japanese ships were sunk or disabled by Allied commandos alone , using limpet mines in Singapore Harbour , 1943 . Churchill 's ` human torpedo ' used the most powerful magnet in the world at the time to attach around 4.5 lbs -LRB- two kilograms -RRB- of explosive to an enemy ship , capable of punching a large hole in the hull . You can read more about Winston Churchill 's ` mad science ' in issue 22 of All About History . 4 . PROJECT HABBAKUK : A GIANT ICEBERG AIRCRAFT CARRIER . Steel and aluminium were at a premium during the war , so when inventor Geoffrey Pyke , who worked at Combined Operation Headquarters -LRB- COHQ -RRB- , was considering a way of protecting Atlantic convoys beyond the reach of aircraft cover , he realised the answer was ice . Specifically , he considered creating huge flotillas carved out of icebergs that could house aircraft and provide a runway . The problem was that icebergs tend to roll over , so Pyke 's answer was a combination of wood pulp and ice , which he called ` pykrete ' . This would n't sink , was much stronger than ice and would n't shatter , so it could easily be carved into shape . However , it never came into being . Pyke encountered a series of engineering problems that ultimately required the use of some steel in Habbakuk . Plus , the invention of long-range aircraft fuel tanks and the use of airfields in the Azores made it redundant . Geoffrey Pyke 's radical idea was to build huge flotillas carved out of icebergs that could house aircraft and provide a runway - although they never came into being . 5 . THE STICKY BOMB : A DEADLY EXPLOSIVE YOU -LRB- SOMETIMES -RRB- CA N'T OUTRUN . This was a kind of grenade consisting of a glass sphere filled with more than 1.5 lbs -LRB- half a kilogram -RRB- of nitroglycerine , covered with an extremely sticky adhesive and encased in metal . Its handle contained a five-second fuse and a safety pin that , upon being pulled , released the metal casing and exposed the adhesive . The adhesive was added to allow the bomb to remain attached to an enemy tank for the few seconds of delay before the bomb exploded . In theory , the sticky bomb could be attached to a passing tank , although in practice tanks often proved too dirty or wet for the bombs to stick . Despite this , 2.5 million were made and used between 1940 and 1943 . The Stick Bomb is shown being assembled in 1943 . This was a kind of grenade consisting of a glass sphere filled with more than 1.5 lbs -LRB- half a kilogram -RRB- of nitroglycerine , covered with an extremely sticky adhesive and encased in metal . 6 . ARTIFICIAL HARBOURS : A POP-UP INVASION AID TO BRING THE TANKS ASHORE . ` Mulberries ' , or artificial harbours as they were otherwise known , were portable , temporary harbours designed specifically in World War Two to help the Allies unload the heavy cargoes associated with a large-scale invasion . In the years leading up to the D-Day landings , it had become apparent that any attempt to land en masse on the Atlantic coastline of Western Europe would require the use of the French harbours . And to do that , the Allies would need to depend on penetrating the Nazi Atlantic Wall , which could not be done . Instead , the Mulberries were to be transported and assembled off the French coast , providing mobile port facilities including cranes , roads and piers . ` Mulberry A ' and ` Mulberry B ' were successfully used for the invasion of Normandy in June 1944 . The American Mulberry A was destroyed by storms but the British Mulberry B served for six months after D-Day before being decommissioned . ` Mulberries ' -LRB- one pictured -RRB- , or artificial harbours as they were otherwise known , were portable , temporary harbours designed specifically in World War Two to help the Allies unload the heavy cargoes associated with a large-scale invasion . 7 . THE PIAT : A ONE-MAN ARTILLERY BARRAGE -LRB- WHEN IT HIT ANYTHING -RRB- . By the middle of World War Two enemy tanks had become increasingly well armoured , to the point that they were impenetrable to the outdated infantry grenade launchers . The Projector , Infantry , Anti-Tank -LRB- PIAT -RRB- was a portable mortar system that used a powerful spring to arm and launch a bomb weighing 2.5 lbs -LRB- 1.1 kg -RRB- with a shaped charge up to 360ft -LRB- 110 metres -RRB- away . They were first issued to British forces in 1943 and used throughout the war by the Allies . Although not entirely reliable , they were quite capable of taking out enemy tanks when they hit their targets and detonated . You can read more about ` Churchill : Britain 's Mad Scientist ' in issue 22 of All About History , on sale now . The Projector , Infantry , Anti-Tank -LRB- PIAT -RRB- was a portable mortar system designed to help British soldiers battle German tanks - and when they hit , they were very successful .