We 're always hearing about the latest ` superfoods ' - and how they could have a powerful effect on our health and wellbeing . And while the term ` superfood ' might be thrown around a little too freely sometimes , there are some fruits and seeds that really are a power-house of nutritional value . Here , I reveal which ones are worth adding to your shopping basket today ... Scroll down for video . Sour cherries contain high levels of antioxidants and as a result are anti-inflammatory , can help a person sleep and can improve recovery after a sports injury , Dr Sally Norton said . TART CHERRIES . What are the benefits ? Tart or sour cherries have been found to contain high levels of antioxidants . As a result the benefits include anti-inflammation , boosted sleep , and improved sports recovery . Reports have suggested that an increased intake of tart cherries could help to reduce certain post-workout side-effects , such as muscle aches , inflammation and weakness . AVOCADO . What are the benefits ? More than just the main ingredient in guacamole , avocados seem to be having a real moment in the spotlight , and it 's not surprising . They 're a great source of healthy , mono-saturated fats -- which have been known to help lower bad cholesterol , and as a result , reduce our risk of heart attack and stroke . In fact , a recent study has suggested that combining a moderate-fat diet with one avocado a day could actually lower your levels of bad cholesterol by more than a low-fat , or moderate-fat diet without avocados . Avocados are a great source of healthy , mono-saturated fats , which have been shown to lower bad cholesterol and reduce a person 's risk of heart attack or stroke . CRANBERRIES . What are the benefits ? As many of you will know , cranberries have been used for years as an aid against urinary tract infections . But studies have suggested these berries could also have a wide range of other benefits -- from improving our heart health , helping to prevent certain cancers , to boosting our oral health and helping to reduce infections . What helps to make them just so good for us are the polyphenols that are present in those little red berries . Polyphenols have been reported to possess antioxidant , anti-inflammatory and antimicrobial properties , to name just a few . Just be careful where you get your cranberry intake from , as cranberry juice and juice drinks are often full of sugar . Polyphenols found in cranberries are reported to possess antioxidant , anti-inflammatory and antimicrobial properties . Studies have shown they can improve heart health and help prevent certain cancers . BLUEBERRIES . What are the benefits ? With their high levels of antioxidants , vitamins and minerals , blueberries have been linked to all kinds of health benefits , including heart health , cancer prevention , enhanced brain function and improved eyesight . And if that 's not enough , some studies have suggested that the antioxidants in blueberries could help to delay the ageing process -- a much cheaper alternative to all those anti-ageing creams . PUMPKIN SEEDS . What are the benefits ? We all know how nutritious pumpkins are , but there 's even more to be said for the pumpkin seed . It provides great levels of protein , fibre , manganese , magnesium , and phosphorous , and is a rich source of zinc - important for immunity , cell growth and division , as well as sleep , mood , and eye and skin health . It 's not surprising it 's been dubbed a ` superseed ' . A handful of these little seeds make a great , nutrient-packed snack , or add them to your porridge for a tasty nutrient boost . Blueberries , left , have been linked to a wide range of health benefits including improved heart health , cancer prevention and improved eyesight . And pumpkin seeds , right , dubbed ` superseeds ' , are thought to help a person sleep , improve their mood and boost eyesight . CHIA SEEDS . What are the benefits ? Seed du jour , the chia seed has seen a steep rise in popularity over the past couple of years - unsurprising , given its high levels of nutrients and low-calorie intake . Loaded with antioxidants , soluble fibre and minerals , chia seeds are also a source of omega-3 - though not as easily used by our bodies as that obtained from fish - and contain more calcium , ounce for ounce , than milk . If you 're after a easy way to add chia seeds into your diet , try out our simple , creamy chia porridge recipe . Sprinkle the seeds on to porridge that has been mixed with low-calorie , but vitamin-rich rice milk , and you 've got yourself a healthy , creamy , nutrient-packed breakfast . If you 're not a fan of rice milk , then almond milk or soya milk could work just as well . To find out more visit www.vavista.com . Loaded with antioxidants , soluble fibre and minerals , chia seeds are also a source of omega-3 and contain more calcium , ounce for ounce , than milk .