Rail firms came under fire this weekend for planning a series of fare hikes of up to 87 per cent just ten days after the general election - despite the main party leaders pledging to freeze prices . The Prime Minister has requested First Great Western -LRB- FGW -RRB- ` urgently review ' its decision to almost double some fares on the route between London and the Cotswolds - which passes through his Witney constituency . Mr Cameron has promised to freeze fares in real terms for the whole of the next parliament , while Labour has also pledged to bring in a ` cap ' on price hikes . Scroll down for video . Sent letter : Prime Minister David Cameron has written to First Great Western to request it ` urgently reviews ' plans to increase fares on trains running through his Witney constituency . Passengers travelling from Charlbury , the Oxfordshire station nearest to his constituency home , can currently purchase an off-peak return to London costing £ 33.30 . This allows them to leave at 9.42 am , outside the morning peak , but return on one of the four services that go from London during the evening peak period . But from May 17 , these customers will be forced to pay £ 62.40 if they want to come home on one of these trains - an 87 per cent increase . The planned changes have angered Mr Cameron 's constituents - prompting him to personally intervene . 1 . First Great Western . Line : London to Hereford . Potential increase : 87 % . 2 . Virgin . Line : Stafford to Liverpool . Potential increase : 24.5 % . 3 . London Midlands . Line : Crewe to Northampton . Potential increase : 23 % . The Prime Minister 's spokesman told The Sunday Times : ` Mr Cameron has written to First Great Western and asked them to urgently review their decision . ' Train companies have three windows every year in which they can increase ` unregulated ' fares , which make up around half of their total revenue . Unregulated fares can include journeys such as off-peak leisure and advance-purchase tickets . First Great Western has insisted the reason for the change is to bring the north Cotswolds route in line with its other services . The firm is also offering some customers a cheaper option in advanced single tickets , potentially allowing them to buy a return for £ 20 if they book ahead . Other sharp price hikes to be introduced include an off-peak first-class single from Crewe to Northampton on London Midlands , which will rise from £ 30 to £ 37 , according to trainsplit.com - a website that provides passengers with cheaper ticket options . The cost of an anytime return between Stafford and Liverpool , travelling with Virgin , will leap from £ 26.50 to £ 33 - a 24.5 per cent hike . Biggest hike : Passengers travelling with the rail firm between London and the Cotswolds could face increases of up to 87 per cent come May 17 . And an anytime first-class day return on Virgin from Manchester to Stoke will go up 22 per cent - rising from £ 29 to £ 35.30 . Virgin has said the ` vast majority ' of its price hikes affected ` Virgin Trains-only fares ' - which are at least 20 per cent cheaper than tickets offered by rival firms . It added : ` Our overall fare increase this year on the west coast is just 1.65 per cent , well below the industry average . ' Speaking to Mark Hookham of The Sunday Times , Mike Richardson , of trainsplit.com , said : ` Passengers might very well be surprised at these fare increases when both the main parties have talked about price freeezes . According to Which ? Hundreds of ` anytime ' and ` off-peak ' returns rose by 40 per cent in January . Its research found rail fare increases on tickets that passengers buy on the day and on rural routes . Defended rise : Virgin has said the ` vast majority ' of its price hikes affected ` Virgin Trains-only fares ' - which are at least 20 per cent cheaper than tickets offered by rival firms .