A 27-year-old woman fell 500 feet to her death while hiking an off-limits trail famed for its breath-taking vistas in Oahu , Hawaii , Friday . Darlene Feliciano , a manager at a Honolulu Walmart , was out on the Makapuu ` Tom-Tom ' trail overlooking Sea Life Park along Kalanianaole Highway with a male friend when she slipped and fell . Firefighters received a distress call at around 12.45 pm Friday . About 40 minutes later , first responders discovered Feliciano unresponsive about 500 feet below a hole in the trail known locally as The Puka - a popular spot among photographers . Scroll down for video . Nature lover : Darlene Feliciano , 27 , passed away from her injuries Friday after she plummeted from a hiking trail in Oahu , Hawaii . Adventurous : The 27-year-old -LRB- left and right -RRB- worked as a manager at a Honolulu Walmart . In her spare time , she enjoyed going on hikes in Hawaii 's great outdoors . Treacherous terrain : Feliciano was out on the Makapuu ` Tom-Tom ' trail overlooking Sea Life Park along Kalanianaole Highway Friday afternoon when she slipped and fell . Picturesque : Feliciano was found unresponsive about 500 feet below a hole in the trail known locally as The Puka -LRB- pictured -RRB- . The unconscious woman was airlifted from the area but was pronounced dead just after 2 pm . Her 29-year-old companion had to be rescued from the trail but did not suffer any injuries . Miss Feliciano 's friends and co-workers at the Keeaumoku Street Walmart , where she worked as a zone merchandise supervisor , said she was a dedicated employee who loved going on hikes in her free time , reported Hawaii News Now . Walmart pharmacy employee Chad Galario tells The Honolulu Star-Advertiser employees learned of Feliciano 's death Friday and there were ` a lot of tears and a lot of silence . ' Tragic loss : The unconscious woman was airlifted from the area but was pronounced dead . Hard worker : Feliciano 's co-workers at Walmart remembered her as a dedicated store employee . Friends and family have been leaving flowers and balloons at a makeshift memorial dedicated to the vivacious nature lover . Meanwhile , Feliciano 's loved ones have launched a GoFundMe campaign hoping to raise $ 5,000 to help cover her final expenses . The 27-year-old woman , a 2005 graduate of McKinley High School , is survived by her brother , Darryl . Heartbroken : Feliciano is survived by her beloved brother , Darryl -LRB- left -RRB- .