Kelly Osbourne did n't always want to grow up to be like her famous mom - but in a letter published in the new book A Letter to My Mom , the TV personality admitted that she is now proud to be Sharon Osbourne 's daughter . For author Lisa Erspamer 's third collection of tributes , celebrities such as Melissa Rivers , Shania Twain , will.i.am , Christy Turlington Burns , and Kristin Chenoweth all composed messages of love and gratitude to the women who raised them . And the heartwarming epistolary book , which was published last week , has arrived just in time for Mother 's Day on May 10 . ` Like all teenage girls I had this ridiculous fear of growing up and becoming just like you , ' Kelly Osbourne wrote in her letter , republished on Yahoo Parenting . ` I was so ignorant and adamant about creating my `` own '' identity . ' Scroll down for video . Mini-me : In Lisa Erspamer 's new book A Letter to My Mom , Kelly Osbourne -LRB- R -RRB- wrote a letter to her mother Sharon -LRB- L -RRB- saying that she 's happy to have grown up to be just like her . She went on to say that one day she realized she was already just like Sharon , and she should n't have been surprised by the fact . ` Why had I been fighting the inevitable for so long ? ' she continued . ` You are the most beautiful , kind , generous , loving , and - let 's not forget - strongest person I have ever met and the best part is that you are MY mum . I am so proud to be your daughter . ' Kelly 's former co-star on E! 's Fashion Police , Joan Rivers , was also paid tribute to by her daughter Melissa Rivers ; Melissa said she read the letter to her mom before Joan 's death last year . Celebrity stories : Duchess of York Sarah Ferguson -LRB- R -RRB- explained in her letter that she forgives her mom Susan Barrantes -LRB- L -RRB- for abandoning her at age 13 and thanked her for giving her a life lesson . Loving mom : Supermodel Christy Turlington Burns , pictured with her mom María Elizabeth Turlington , is one of many famous people to write a letter for the book . Meanwhile , Sarah Ferguson , Duchess of York , penned a letter to her mother , Susan Barrantes , who left Sarah at age 13 to be raised by her father when she moved to Argentina with another man . ` I am writing to you now , to say thank you from the bottom of my heart for the life lessons you have given me , ' she wrote . ` You gave me the strength to look at life differently . ' Another contributor , Dr. Phil McGraw , gratefully explained that because his mother Geraldine McGraw knew he would succeed , Dr. Phil ` began to believe it too . ' The book has been filled with loving letters from non-celebrities as well ; one woman , Suzy Unger , called her mother her hero , while another , Tejal Patel , thanked her mother for teaching her about parenting . Funny lady feedback : Melissa Rivers -LRB- LR -RRB- wrote a letter to her mother Joan -LRB- L -RRB- before she died and said she was able to get her mom 's thoughts on it . Saying thanks : Lisa Erspamer 's new book is filled with letters of love and gratitude for the writers ' mothers . And despite her book already being published , Lisa Erspamer is still taking letter submissions on her website for A Letter to My Mom , where she publishes the tributes along with photos . Khloe Kardashian , Nicole ` Snooki ' Polizzi and Khloe Kardashian are among the many who have written letters that have appeared on her site . ` People often say that mothers are the best teachers in the world , ' Khloe wrote . ` I have come to know that it could n't be truer . Thank you for being the best mother and teacher I could ever ask for . '