Campaigners are calling for the government to implement an almost 90-year-old law that would fix the date of Easter in a bid to boost the economy . After next month 's election , ministers could be asked to make sure Easter Day always falls between April 9 and 15 , so businesses can plan holiday rotas in advance and allow the travel industry to better prepare for the summer season . In 1928 , the Easter act was passed in Parliament to make sure that the holiday weekend would be a fixed date in April . Scroll down for video . David Cameron and his wife Samantha attend an Easter Sunday service at St Nicholas Church in Oxfordshire . After next month 's general election , minister could be asked to consider fixing the date of Easter . Both the House of Commons and House of Lords passed the Act but it was unable to get the agreement of churches and therefore has never been implemented . It is thought that the Roman Catholic Church did not object to the plans although , they were never seriously discussed . But just before the dissolution of Parliament last week , Conservative Sir Greg Knight , who is defending his East Yorkshire seat at the general election , asked ministers if there were any plans to implement the Easter Act 1928 . This also prompted the National Secular Society to write to Prime Minister David Cameron demanding Easter be a set date in April . Pope Francis leads Easter Mass in St Peter 's Square in the Vatican . It is thought that the Roman Catholic Church do not object to the plans to fix a date for Easter . The letter by the society 's executive director Keith Porteous Wood , said : ` The variation of the date of Easter by over a month causes significant and unnecessary inconvenience . This is particularly disruptive to the orderly planning of school terms and to business . ` As you will be aware , the law requires large shops , including supermarkets and even DIY stores , to close on Easter Sunday . ` The high proportion of the population that are not observant Christians , be they religiously unconcerned or of other faiths , are prevented from using them then , when many would want to do so . ` We support the rights of those who wish to observe Easter , but is is unreasonable and disrespectful to the remainder of the population for the operation of the law to prevent them from shopping then in such outlets . ' Spectators gather to watch the The Passion of the Christ production on Good Friday in Trafalgar Square . But just before the dissolution of Parliament , Conservative Sir Greg Knight asked ministers if there were any plans to implement the Easter Act 1928 . On the Gregorian calendar , used in the UK , Easter Sunday always falls on the first Sunday after the Paschal full moon . The Local Government Association and the Family and Childcare Trust have also backed the plan , saying that at least the two-week Easter school holidays should be the same every year to allow parents to plan childcare . However , according to the Independent Business Minister Jo Swinson said there was ` no indication ' that Easter would become a fixed date . On the Gregorian calendar , used in the UK , Easter Sunday is always the first Sunday after the Paschal full moon . The Paschal full moon is the first full moon occurring on or after the spring equinox , meaning Easter weekend usually falls any time between March 22 and April 25 . But since this shifts from year to year , most people follow the calendrical spring equinox , which is reckoned as March 21 . In the Eastern Orthodox Church , Easter is determined using the Julian calendar and is always celebrated after the Jewish festival of Passover . This year it will be celebrated on April 12 , next Sunday .