The small college town of Missoula , Montana , best known for its university and its inhabitants ' fierce love of football , has been branded in the media America 's Rape Capital , and now bestselling author Jon Krakauer has made it the subject of his new book documenting the explosive allegations . Missoula : Rape and The Justice System in a College Town , a Doubleday publication that was released Tuesday , immediately sparked a fierce debate in Montana and beyond . Krakauer , the author of the critically acclaimed book Into the Wild , sat down for an interview with ABC 's Nightline , which aired Wednesday night , to discuss his latest project exploring the sensitive subject of campus rape . Brave : Kelsey Belnap -LRB- left -RRB- and Allison Huguet -LRB- right -RRB- were among the five women profiled by author Jon Krakauer fopr his new book about sexual assault at the University of Montana at Missoula . Miss Belnap allegedly had been gang-raped by four college football players , but they were never charged . Survivor speaks : Hillary McLaughlin had been raped by the same football player who attacked Allison Huguet during a party in 2010 . She later testified against him -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Convicted rapist : Grizzly running back Beau Donaldson , Huguet and McLaughlin 's attacker , pleaded guilty to rape in 2012 and was sentenced to 10 years in federal prison . Jon Krakauer argued that rape allegations were not unique to the picturesque town nestled in the Rocky Mountains , pointing out that Missoula 's sexual abuse statistics were average , or even slightly below the national average . ` If this problem could exist in Missoula , it could exist anywhere in the country , and it does . ' he said . ` Rape is this huge problem , 80 per cent of rapes are unreported . ' In an effort to shed light on the rape epidemic and spark a national conversation , Krakauer had interviewed five alleged victims of rape for his book , among them Kelsey Belnap , who revealed that during her sophomore year at the University of Montana , she was gang-raped by four members of the beloved local Grizzy football team . Speaking to Nightline , Miss Belnap said on the night of the alleged attack in December 2010 , she was playing drinking games at an off-campus party celebrating the end of the finals . Explosive : Bestsellng author and journalist Jon Krakauer released Missoula : Rape and the Justice System In a College Town on April 21 . She downed up to 11 shots of 99-proof alcohol within an hour and soon was slipping in and out of consciousness . ` I do n't remember bits and pieces until I had a penis in my face , ' she recalled . According to Belnap , she pushed away the first football player who tried to have sex with her and told him she did n't want to sleep with him , but he forced himself on her , followed by three of his teammates . At some point , she passed out during the suspected attack . When the sophomore came to , she headed to a hospital and filed a police report . But according to Miss Belnap , investigating officers were far from sympathetic . ` They made it seem like it was alcohol , ' she said . ` That it was my fault , that I had drank too much , and if I would n't have drank too much , it would n't have happened . ' Belnap argued that it was n't alcohol that crossed a line and ` stuck a penis ' in her face that night - it was four Grizzly football players . In the end , Missoula prosecutors ruled that there was no probable cause to charge Belnap 's alleged attackers . Police and prosecutors said that Belnap had told investigators the men ` would have likely believed it was consensual sex ' - a claim that was repeated by the players and several witnesses at the party . Miss Belnap also made a statement to police that she was so drunk that night she did not resist the men 's advances . The Missoula County attorney argued that the student was not legally incapacitated because she was going in and out of consciousness . Under state law , a victim can not give consent to sex if he or she is ` mentally defective or incapacitated . ' After her case was essentially tossed out , Belnap turned to university officials , and there things went a little better for her : one of her alleged attackers was expelled from school , another agreed to leave voluntarily and the other two had dropped out earlier . Krakauer 's new book also features the story of another young woman , Allison Huguet , who was also raped by a University of Montana football player whom she has known since childhood . Huguet had left Montana to attend an out-of-state college but returned to Missoula in December 2010 for a party with her long-time friend , Beau Donaldson . Huguet said she had been drinking and was in no condition to drive home that night , so she settled in for the night on the couch . Belnap -LRB- left -RRB- claimed four players gang-raped her in 2010 , but prosecutors never charged them citing lack of probable cause . ` And I woke up to a lot of pain , and a lot of pressure , and the sound of somebody moaning , and quickly realized it was Beau , ' Huguet said . ` I just shut my eyes and laid there , and that was n't , I do n't even think a decision , I consciously made . ' Allison Huguet said after the act , Donaldson got up , pulled up his pants and threw a blanket on her . Once he was out of earshot , she fled the house barefoot and called her mother for help . As she was on the phone telling her mother Donaldson had raped her , she realized the hulking running back was chasing her . Backlash : Missoula County Attorney Kirsten Pabst on Wednesday called Jon Krakauer 's allegations ` inaccurate , exaggerated , and unnecessarily personal ' According to the woman , the Grizzy player begged her not to tell anyone what happened . After she finally got away from him , Huguet went to a hospital and underwent a rape kit exam , but at first she decided not to get the police involved . Instead , Huguet and her mother invited Donaldson over to their home and secretly recorded their conversation , which eventually yielded a confession . At first , Donaldson tried to blame their encounter on alcohol , but eventually he changed his story , saying on the audio recording : ` It 's something I did and I f *** ed up . ' He went on to say that he came close to killing himself the night of the attack . ` I was curled up on my couch in the carport with my f *** ing handgun in my hand . You have no idea , ' he lamented . Huguet , in turn , made her childhood friend promise her he would get help . In exchange , she said she would not go to the police . But more than a year later , Huguet learned that Donaldson had n't sought counselling like he had promised and contacted the authorities . During an interview with police , the star Grizzy player confessed to the rape . As she was struggling to push her case forward in the months following Donaldson 's arrest , Huguet discovered that another young woman , Hillary McLaughlin , had accused him of raping her in 2008 but she never reported the attack to police . . In an interview with Nightline , McLaughlin said she is filled with remorse because she could have possibly prevented the attack on Allison Huguet had she blown the whistle on Donaldson seven years ago . During Donaldson 's trial , McLaughlin finally shared her story in court , helping seal the defendant 's fate . Changes : The university created a small sexual assault prevention department last year and its athletic department created a new Code of Conduct that addresses sexual assault . The Department of Justice investigated 350 sexual assaults reported to the Missoula police between January 2008 and May 2012 . In September 2012 , Beau Donaldson , the former star of the Grizzlies , pleaded guilty to rape and was sentenced to 10 years in federal prison . He will be up for parole in July . The disturbing news from Missoula prompted the US Department of Justice to launch an investigation into the University of Montana , the local police department and the prosecutor 's office . The federal probe found that between 2008 and 2012 , only 14 of the 85 total rape cases were sent by police to the prosecutor . Justice Department investigators determined that the Missoula County attorney declined to prosecute nearly every case where drugs or alcohol played a role - even when the rapist had confessed . A June 2014 agreement ended the investigation , with the county agreeing to implement sweeping changes , including the creation of a special victims unit and the assignment of trained prosecutors to sexual assault cases . The university itself has created a small sexual assault prevention department last year with a coordinator and three interns , and its athletic department created a new Code of Conduct that addresses sexual assault , according to the Montana Kaimin . ` Missoula is a much safer place for women now than it was when I first started looking at it in 2012 , ' Krakauer said . Missoula County Attorney Kirsten Pabst on Wednesday held a press conference to address the issues raised by Jon Krakauer 's latest book . ` While the charges that the author has made against me , my office , my predecessor , are inaccurate , exaggerated , and unnecessarily personal , he is correct . In that our investigation and prosecution standards needed to be improved , ' she stated . Mr Krakauer , pictured speaking in 2009 , is the best selling author of works such as Into Thin Air and Into the Wild . While Mr Krakauer 's story focuses on Montana , the book 's scope is more global . Missoula is described as ` a typical college town ' and Mr Krakauer 's website said that rape victims are ` deserving of compassion from society and fairness from a justice system that is clearly broken ' . Mr Krakauer decided to write the book ` after learning that a young woman with whom he and his wife have a close relationship suffered intensely in secret for many years after she was raped by a man she trusted , ' according to USA Today . Sexual assault and rape have become issues at campuses across the country , with victims speaking out against the way that universities dealt with their allegations . Ninety-four colleges and universities were under investigation by the Department of Justice for their handling of sexual assault cases as of the beginning of this year . Mr Krakauer 's book says that it ` cuts through the abstract ideological debate about campus rape ' . The writer 's other works include Into the Wild , Under the Banner of Heaven and Into Thin Air , for which he was nominated for the Pulitzer Prize .