A group of Nevada sex workers have come out in favor of Democratic contender Hillary Clinton for president . The group , calling themselves Hookers For Hillary , all work at Dennis Hof 's infamous Moonlite Bunny Ranch in Carson City . The legal brothel , which was the subject of HBO 's Cathouse series , has drafted a four-point platform explaining their endorsement . Scroll down for video . A group of Nevada sex workers , Hookers For Hillary , have come out in favor of the Democratic contender for president . According to their website , they 're supporting the former secretary of state because of her work on health care reform , foreign relation experience , tax reform and responsible government oversight on public health issues . ` Hillary Clinton , as part of her husband 's administration , envisioned health care reform in the 1990 's , long before President Obama was able to sign it into law , ' they write . ` The Affordable Health Care Act made health insurance available for the first time ever to the 500 independent contractors employed by Dennis Hof . With any Republican nominee likely to work for its ' repeal , the Bunnies want to protect the quality health coverage that they now enjoy . ' ` As Secretary Of State , Hillary Clinton gained invaluable experience negotiating with foreign leaders , and the Bunnies can definitely relate to negotiating through a language barrier , ' they state . The group cite Clinton 's work on health care reform , foreign experience , tax reform and responsible government oversight on public health issues as reasons to vote for her . The hookers all work at Dennis Hof 's Moonlite Bunny Ranch , a legal brothel in Carson City . ` The Bunny Ranch entertains customers from all around the globe , and the girls have great respect for any woman who can take powerful men from oppressive cultures and make them bend to her will . ' ` Bill Clinton presided over the most prosperous time in Bunny Ranch history , which coincided with a tax increase on the wealthiest Americans such as brothel owner Dennis Hof , ' the Bunny Ranch writes . ` The Bunnies recognize that thriving economies are built from the bottom up , where the vast majority of their clients originate . ` A return to relying on the disproven theory of trickle-down economics would only serve to exclude the vast majority of hard-working Bunny Ranch clients from having the discretionary income to enjoy with their favorite Bunny . ' Citing Nevada 's mandatory testing of legal prostitutes for sexually transmitted diseases , the Bunny Ranch also applauded Mrs. Clinton for recognizing ` the fact that responsible government oversight is a key to protecting the public 's health from widespread disease . '