A sports journalist has outraged social media users after publishing ` inappropriate ' and ` despicable ' tweets in which he condemned the commemoration of Anzac Day , mocked the Digger 's bravery and accused them of committing war crimes . The comments from SBS football reporter and presenter Scott McIntyre incited a hashtag that called for him to be sacked , and even caught the disapproving attention of Minister for Communications Malcolm Turnbull , after tweeting them on the day of the centenary services . ` The cultification of an imperialist invasion of a foreign nation that Australia had no quarrel with is against all ideals of modern society , ' McIntyre tweeted on Saturday evening , referring to the Anzac 's landing on the Gallipoli Peninsula in Turkey . Scroll down for video . SBS football reporter and presenter Scott McIntyre took to social media to tweet ` inappropriate ' comments on the day of the centenary services which have received significant backlash . McIntyre referred to the Anzac 's landing on the Gallipoli Peninsula in Turkey . ` Wonder if the poorly-read , largely white , nationalist drinkers and gamblers pause today to consider the horror that all mankind suffered . ` Remembering the summary execution , widespread rape and theft committed by these ` brave ' Anzacs in Egypt , Palestine and Japan . ' ` Not forgetting that the largest single-day terrorist attacks in history were committed by this nation & their allies in Hiroshima & Nagasaki . ' The tweets were met with disgust by Twitter users who began the hashtag #sackScottMcIntyre . ' #sackScottMcIntyre Great day for Australia ruined by this fool , ' Darren Gilmore wrote . McIntyre condemned the commemoration of Anzac Day and mocked the Digger 's bravery . The SBS journalist accused the Australian diggers of committing war crimes . McIntyre 's comments were met with disgust by Twitter users . Social media users claimed that the tweets were offensive and ` un-Australian ' especially on Anzac Day . ' #sackScottMcIntyre SBS sack this dirty traitor ! Un-australian anti Anzac disgrace ! Calling Anzac 's war criminals on this sacred day ! ' Brian Cox tweeted . ` Come on SBS this disrespectful little grub needs to go #sackScottMcIntyre , ' Jimmy Nuciforo added . Mr Turnbull also chimed into the discussion , tweeting : ` Difficult to think of more offensive or inappropriate comments than those by @mcintinhos . Despicable remarks which deserve to be condemned ' . ` The ANZACS died defending what this idiot is abusing - free speech , ' tweeted a social media user . One Twitter user labelled the comments a ` resignation letter ' . Twitter users labelled McIntyre 's comments an ` Un-australian anti Anzac disgrace ! ' Mr Turnbull also chimed into the discussion , calling the comments ` offensive ' The hashtag #sackScottMcIntyre began trending on Twitter after social media users saw his comments . McIntyre 's comments came on the 100th anniversary of the tragic Battle of Gallipoli -LRB- members of the public seen streaming into the Australian War Memorial , right , and names of fallen soldiers , left -RRB- . Others took offense at the comments as they were coming from someone employed through taxpayer funds . ` He should lose his taxpayer funded job , ' said one Twitter user , while another said , ` Not normally my thing , but since I am paying for it ... #sackScottMcIntyre ' . SBS 's managing director Michael Ebeid was quick to distance the media company from its employee 's beliefs . ` Comments from @mcintinhos are his own , disrespectful and not at all the views of @SBS . We remember and commemorate our ANZACs , ' Mr Ebeid wrote on Twitter . Some Twitter users defended his right to free speech , and said that if Mr McIntyre was fired for ` speaking the truth ' that was compromising his right . SBS 's managing director Michael Ebeid was quick to distance the media company . McIntyre 's comments were labelled offensive , especially in light of the centenary of Gallipoli .