West Ham manager Sam Allardyce believes filling your home ground is paramount to Premier League clubs - with the Hammers announcing their new season-ticket structure ahead of the move to the Olympic Stadium . Karren Brady , vice-chairman of West Ham , announced during the week that the club would be making significant cuts to their current pricing as the move is being offset against increased television revenue . The cheapest season ticket at Upton Park is £ 620 but there will be £ 289 seats on offer from the 2016-17 season - the club 's first in the 54,000-seater Olympic Stadium . West Ham 's season tickets will cost as little as £ 289 when the club move to the Olympic Stadium next year . Manager Sam Allardyce says filling the stadium is the most important thing for any football club . West Ham 's vice-chairman Karren Brady visited the club 's future home in Stratford on Tuesday . And Allardyce believes performing in front of a sold-out crowd is something that should not go unappreciated as the other 19 Premier League clubs are now being pushed to follow West Ham 's lead . ` The most important thing at a football club is to fill the stadium , ' he said . ` I think filling the stadium is the ultimate for the success of the team . Obviously it 's not from a revenue base like it used to be . ` The revenue base for a football club used to be the sustainability of the football club in my years before the Premier League and before Sky made it a worldwide brand . A view of the Olympic Stadium on Tuesday ahead of West Ham 's switch to the 54,000-capacity arena . ` It 's about creating the atmosphere in a stadium that thrills not only the fans there enjoying the atmosphere , but the players who respond to that . ` To make sure everywhere you go in the Premier League maintains a high level of attendance and selling out your stadium has to be the ultimate goal for any Premier League football club , for me . An artist 's impression of what the Olympic Stadium will look like during a West Ham match . ` What we 've announced has to be the best piece of business , for me , seen in the Premier League for a long , long time . ` Hopefully everybody at West Ham football club , particularly the fan , will come and enjoy , as Karren says , a fantastic facility for less . That will only encourage future young West Ham supporters to be West Ham supporters . '