As a new fashion designer , cementing a place in the market can be tough ground work . Of course , a few celebrity endorsements and a business partner with a little black book packed with A-list contacts does n't hurt . Kylie Gulliver , a former model and actress -LRB- with appearances on Neighbours , Offspring and Winners and Losers on her resume -RRB- from Melbourne had been toiling away at her small leather brand for three years , before a very modern encounter - via Instagram - changed her fortune . The 29-year-old 's brand Elliott Label is suddenly the hit of Hollywood , and is adorning the backs of stars including Kourtney Kardashian , Drew Barrymore , Cameron Diaz and pop group GRL . Scroll down for video . Elliott entourage : Melbourne brand ` Elliott Label ' is hitting the big time in Hollywood with Drew Barrymore a fan . Power of the Kardashians : Kourtney -LRB- pictured above -RRB- wore an Elliott leather cap and the brand sky-rocketed . The recent projection into the big time comes with the addition of Robin Antin - dancer , choreographer and founder of The Pussycat Dolls and GRL - as Kylie 's business partner . Gulliver admits that since Antin has come on board the brand has sky rocketed from being a ` small solely-owned start up ' to a complete lifestyle brand that 's reaching a mass market across Australia , the US , UK , Norway and Israel . The two met in what is fast becoming the 21st century norm - through Instagram . Antin , 50 , initially contacted Gulliver to request samples for her pop group , GRL , and the rest is history . Doll to duo : Robin Antin , founder of The Pussycat Dolls has now joined with Gulliver as partner to Elliott Label . Aussie A-Listers : Mimie Elashiry is one of the brands biggest supporters and currently models for the brand . Luxe leather : Mimie models on the label 's website - pictured wearing the Leather Puffer Vest , us $ 999 -LRB- left -RRB- , and Desert Leather Tank us $ 239 -LRB- right -RRB- . ` When we finally met up for the first time , we got along so well it felt like we 'd known each other for years , ' Gulliver told Daily Mail over the phone from Los Angeles . ` But it was n't until I came over to visit her in to LA - we 'd been throwing around the idea of launching a lingerie brand , but then I saw her insane jacket collection , and I said : `` screw the lingerie line , come in on Eliot label '' . ' According to Gulliver , it was one of the best decisions she could have made . ` My biggest regret originally was that I did n't start the label with someone , and so when Robin and I decided to work together I finally had someone to do the whole process with me ' . And lend her little black book of Hollywood contacts too . Antin who counts Drew Barrymore and Cameron Diaz as close friends , and has a wide network of A-listers she has been able to give items from the collection to . Charlie 's Angels : Robin Antin and Drew Barrymore became friends on the set of Charlie 's Angels 2 . Close with Cameron : Robin Antin wears Elliott puffer vest after dance class with Cameron Diaz . Friendship on film : Robin first struck up a friendship with Drew and Cameron when The Pussycat Dolls featured in Charlie 's Angels : Full Throttle . At their recent Elliott Label launch in LA , Barrymore made a red carpet appearance to support the duo . According to Antin , the two share a long history together since early days when Barrymore first spotted The Pussycat Dolls and roped them into starring in Charlie 's Angels 2 . Barrymore 's favourite pieces from their label are said to include the a leather blazer -LRB- the one seen worn by Antin at their launch -RRB- and a motorcycle vest with a hood . Smouldering : The Moto jacket from Elliott Label collection costs us $ 750 from the website . High-end : Biker Shorts cost $ 389 , and the silk shirt is $ 289 . Thousand dollar pants : These leather Biker Pants cost $ 999 . Diaz , not one to miss out either , also received ` a big bag of goodies ' from Antin , ` who took them over to her house and dumped on her couch ' and was suitably delighted . The girls know the power of celebrity endorsements , and reveal that the 2013 paparazzi shots of Kourtney Kardashian wearing a Elliott leather cap was a massive boost despite it happening ` organically . ' As is the power of their stockists , such as ` Kyle , ' one of the busiest boutiques in Beverly Hills which happens to be owned by Kyle Richards of ` The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills ' fame -LRB- she is also the aunt of Nicky and Paris Hilton -RRB- . Eclectic resume : Kylie , 29 , from Melbourne , was previously a model and actress , before starting her own label . Yet aside from the big name stars showing their support , Antin also has a long history in clothing design , with a family history of seamstresses . In the early days of The Pussycat Dolls she would also make the original costumes by hand . ` When Pussycat Dolls began , I made every costume . So when Kylie came to America and we went through my closet and I showed her everything I had re-done and tailored my way -LRB- even clothing by Yves Saint Laurent -RRB- it was the perfect marriage . ' Of the brand itself , Gulliver says Elliott Label is bold , edgy and has attitude that comes with classic and timeless pieces for the every day girl . ` My aim is to steal a place in the market for well tailored , classic , quality material items at a good price point , ' says Gulliver . She likens the label to Rag and Bone and Alexander Wang - but with an Australian influence . Gulliver reveals that Elliot Label was originally born out of a period of feeling ` lost ' and lacking direction , and so the label became her new motivation . Lady in leather : Gulliver wearing Elliott Label at the Kyle boutique in Beverly Hills . Lost to leather label : Gulliver admits her inspiration for starting Elliott was after a ` lost ' period in her life . ` For me it was a lifestyle choice starting the label , I was in a ` place ' when I started it , I thought , you can talk about it or whinge about life or you can just do it , ' says Gulliver . ` I was n't enjoying what I was doing anymore and when I was on a holiday in Indonesia there was only so much tanning I could do then I noticed all the tannery places in Indonesia and that 's when the idea came to me . ' Now those restless , tanning days are long behind her , the question is how is she adapting to the non-stop business life of a business owner ? ` It 's stressful at times , the production side of things , language barriers et cetera , but while it 's busy and hectic but I do have a work life balance and I 'm doing something I love that is rewarding , ' she says . Melbourne model to LA label : Kylie Gulliver has grown Elliott Label from small start-up to LA lifestyle brand . So what 's next for the leather label ? A vegan leather line is their newest addition , which , according to Antin , is already gaining massive ` street cred ' amongst the fashion scene in LA . ` I 've been walking around in the non leather puffer vest and people are like where did you get that ? And I say , `` It 's our line '' . Then there 's a sport luxe line in collaboration with the pre-existing Pussycat Doll 's label . ` We are in the developing stage of sport luxe line , Pussycat Dolls sport . So it will come under the PussyCat Dolls name , but under the Eliott umbrella with Pussycat dolls as inspiration for the collection , ' says Antin . The Elliot Label ` Sport luxe ' range is hoped to be out for the US summer , as The Pussycat Dolls Vegas shows begin soon and they plan to style the group for the show season . Fashion vs Fallon : Antin and Gulliver rub shoulder with stars such as Jimmy Fallon -LRB- pictured middle -RRB- . Gulliver has also started consulting as a social media guru for their new joint venture - social media advisory brand - ` Trendsetters . ' ` Kylie comes from incredible social media background and we would n't be able to do the business or have met if it was n't through social media , ' says Antin . It seems , the sky is the limit for the growing fashion designer duo , with Antin even hoping for a brand collaboration in the future - ` Look how Tom Ford got started - Kylie and I are just as talented , we have the business sense and creativity to do that , exciting for what future holds for designers and young brand . ' As for the lingerie brand they originally planned to do ? ` Oh my god , yes we probably will ! ' Right now we 're focusing on Elliot Label , but Robin and I are crazy so we might turn around in six months and say it 's time for that lingerie line and we 'll do it , ' says Gulliver .