Fact . Whether he 's your coach , manager or interim , Rafa Benitez wins trophies . The Spaniard 's name is being uttered once again across the boardrooms of Europe this morning . His Napoli side 's 4-1 demolition of Wolfsburg in the Europa League quarter final last night gave that ominous feeling that silverware is once again within his grasp . He may be demanding , occasionally abrasive and often expensive but ultimately Benitez gets results . Since 2002 , Benitez has won 12 trophies with Valencia , Liverpool , Inter Milan , Chelsea and Napoli . Napoli manager Rafael Benitez saw his side beat Wolfsburg 4-1 in the Europa League . Gonzalo Higuain and Benitez celebrate after beating Wolfsburg in Germany . The 55-year-old is out of contract this summer and it makes him a man in demand . Manchester City , Paris St Germain and Real Madrid are all considering changes as are West Ham and Newcastle . While Steve McClaren is destined for the role at St James ' , Benitez will take stock of what offers arrive on his doorstep . His ideal is to return to England and his comfortable Wirral home overlooking the River Dee where his family , wife Montse and beloved daughters Claudia and Agata , are settled . The reality is , here , jobs of the calibre Benitez wants are scarce and the opportunities could come with a caveat . Manchester City , should they dispense with Manuel Pellegrini , ultimately want Pep Guardiola ; his contract at Bayern makes that difficult though and Patrick Vieira 's inexperience leaves them with a dilemma . Should they try Benitez ? It goes against certain principles , Txiki Begiristain wants a fluid attacking style to bring glory and Benitez is seen as pragmatic yet tactically very astute . Yet , Barcelona , Liverpool and Manchester United may not have danced through City 's midfield so easily in recent weeks had he been in charge . Benitez has won the UEFA Cup/Europa League twice with Valencia and Chelsea . Preparation is everything to him , almost laborious . His players are given briefings , tailored dvds , weak points to work on or to attack . His pointers are not negative , they 're smart . When Chelsea beat Benfica in the Europa League final of 2013 , Juan Mata revealed how Benitez had told them to target the back post where Benfica goalkeeper Artur was vulnerable . They won with a far post header from Branislav Ivanovic . Ironically , Benitez has been viewed as wreckless in Italy this season for not setting his team with greater emphasis on defence . They have lost to Roma and Lazio but dominated . It prompted under-pressure president Aurelio De Laurentiis to demand his players be locked away in a training camp . Film producer De Laurentiis does love a drama . Giving players a cuddle has never been Benitez 's forte , nor saying that he loves them but he does give them a platform to improve . Benitez famously guided Liverpool to the Champions League in 2005 . Benitez won the FA Cup with Liverpool in 2006 on penalties against West Ham . Javier Mascherano was told exactly where and how he would play as he and Xabi Alonso brought the best out of Steven Gerrard , Juan Mata excelled at Chelsea , David Luiz grew and Jose Callejon has transformed from an £ 8m Real Madrid squad player to one now valued at £ 20m by Napoli . He 's a man who would certainly have a plan for messrs Silva , Aguero and Toure . West Ham could offer the project he craves should Sam Allardyce move on . A rich football tradition , new stadium ; if the finance is right , Benitez would embrace it . Benitez loves a project and would relish being an underdog biting at the coat tails of the Premier League 's elite . He was sold on one at Napoli . At first it worked , the squad was competitive and challenged for Serie A but last summer they did n't invest as heavily as their rivals and the squad has been stretched . It may sound familiar to Liverpool fans but he still looks like delivering Napoli 's first European semi final for 25 years and Champions League qualification remains in sight . Benitez got the best out of Juan Mata during his time at Chelsea . Jose Callejon has been transformed from a squad player at Real Madrid to a star at Napoli under Benitez . Life has not been easy at Napoli but for now he will endeavour to finish on a high . The Wolfsburg performance is a timely reminder of what he can put in place though he ca n't help but demand more . ` We put in great games against Roma and Lazio , yet played worse against Fiorentina and won 3-0 , ' said Benitez . ` We played against the second best team in the Bundesliga and these players deserve credit . We still lack experience to control the match and not concede goals . We work on tactics , but can still improve . What I do not like is hearing people say the players are unprofessional or undisciplined . ' Sam Allardyce 's future at West Ham is uncertain as is Manuel Pellegrini 's at Man City and Benitez could be considered by both clubs should they be in the need for a new manager . Asked about his future he emphasised the need for change should he stay in Italy . ` I have n't decided anything . It 's not hard for me to work with Napoli , but I have to understand the final objective , the planning , the investment in a training centre and stadium , ' he said . ` If we go forward , then we 'll see . The president has invested and worked hard in these years , but now we have to see what the plans are before deciding if we 'll continue together . ' For Benitez the door is once again ajar and invitations are welcome .