A jealous boyfriend who ` fattened up ' his partner in a ploy to put off any love rivals has popped the question . Attractive Yan Tai weighed just over seven stone when she began dating You Pan in South China 's Guangdong Province . But two years on when You asked her to marry him she was almost unrecognizable , according to The People 's Daily . Yan Tai weighed just over seven stone when she began dating You Pan -LRB- right -RRB- but two years on and the pretty 20-year-old has ballooned to over 14 stone -LRB- left -RRB- . Yan 's weight had almost doubled - after she ballooned up to 14 stone 2 lbs . But her six-and-a-half-stone weight gain was all part of a plan to keep You 's pretty girlfriend by his side forever . Over months he made sure she ate as much as she could everyday , splashing out on meals for Yan almost every day . The 20-year-old was treated to big breakfasts , huge lunches and massive dinners . He even woke her up and fed her midnight snacks in a bid to stop her attracting too much attention from other men . Yan was almost unrecognizable by the time You proposed to her with - most fittingly - a bouquet made of chocolate . The couple pictured back in the early days when they first met - when Yan weighed just over seven stone . You had splashed out on meals for Yan , 20 , almost every day - treating her to big breakfasts , massive lunches and huge dinners . Eat up : Yan 's six-and-a-half-stone weight gain was all part of a plan to keep You 's pretty girlfriend by his side forever . The food-obsessed 25-year-old even got friends to hold up pictures of their favourite food while he asked Yan to marry him . Now the 25-year-old feeder has popped the question to his girlfriend with a bouquet made , most fittingly , out of Ferrero Roche . The food-obsessed romantic even made the proposal to his ` goddess ' at their favourite street of restaurants as friends held up pictures of the couple 's favourite foods . Beaming with happiness , Yan said ` yes ' and the happy couple sealed the deal with a kiss as friends at the venue cheered on . You has now promised to feed her even more once they are married . You , who popped the question outside the couple 's favourite street of restaurants , has promised to keep on feeding his girlfriend once they are married . Beaming with happiness , Yan said ` yes ' and the happy couple sealed the deal with a kiss as friends at the venue cheered on . You Pan , who deliberately fattened up his girlfriend to put off any love rivals , pictured before the proposal .