An eight-year-old boy penned a letter to health conscious Michelle Obama to tell her one ketchup packet at lunch simply is not enough . According to Peter 's father , the letter submitted to The Weekly Standard took six-months to write because troubled Peter was ` too angry ' to write it all down in one sitting . In addition to telling Michelle Obama that public school children ca n't live on one packet of ketchup alone , Peter criticizes the First Lady for America 's lack of troops in the Middle East and in the Ukraine . He also suggests that the United States bomb Syria . Dear Michelle Obama : An eight-year-old boy named Peter penned a letter to health conscious Michelle Obama to tell her one ketchup packet at lunch simply is not enough and that the United States should bomb Syria . Dear Michelle Obama , . My name is Peter . I am eight years old . I love studying history of the U.S.A. I have enjoyed learning about the great choices the USA has made ... And then their was your husbands election . I think you should rethink your idea that takes us to one ketchup packet per meal . I feel it is taking away from our patriotism toward America . I also think you should stop doing nothing and go send some troops to the Middle East . I also think your husband needs to work on his speeches . He also disappointed millions of Americans by not bombing Syria . If you do not know thousands of peoples homes are destroyed by ISIS in the Middle East . You should also get the UN to send troops to Ukraine . Also may I ask you , is the White House comfortable ? Thank you for your time and consideration . Signed , . A concerned 8 year old citizen , . Peter . ` My name is Peter . I am eight years old , ' reads the letter . ` I love studying the history of the USA . I have enjoyed learning about the great choices the USA has made ... And then there was your husband 's election . I think you should rethink your idea that takes us to one ketchup packet per meal . I feel that it is taking away our patriotism toward America , ' he writes . Peter then writes Michelle Obama that her husband president Obama needs to ` work on his speeches . ' Not only does Peter criticize Obama 's speeches , he offers his bull dog view on American foreign policy . ` I also think you should stop doing nothing and go send some troops to the Middle East , ' says the letter . Health crusader : Michelle Obama has set health guidelines in place at schools to fight the nation 's obesity problem but has been criticized for not offering enough funding . ` I also think your husband needs to work on his speeches . He also disappointed millions of Americans by not bombing Syria . If you do not know every day thousands of people 's homes are destroyed by the ISIS in the Middle East . You should also get the U.N. to send troops to Ukraine -LSB- e -RSB- , ' the letter continues . Peter 's father told The Weekly Standard that he found the letter on his son 's desk and that it took his boy months to angrily write it . Peter 's mother said that her son does not need to worry about having just one ketchup packet at lunch because he goes to a private school . That 's when Peter apparently precociously told his parents he wanted to ` give a voice to the voiceless , ' reports The Weekly Standard . The end of Peter 's letter alluded to the First Family 's cushy accommodations . ` Is the White House comfortable ? ' concludes the letter from ` a concerned citizen . ' Not so filling : Public school students around the country have posted their paltry lunches to criticize Michelle Obama for her health guidelines they say are making them hungry .