Deep within Utah 's San Rafael desert , thousands upon thousands of goblins lurk in the shadows . But rather than frightening visitors , they are a geologist 's dream : gnarly rock formations which have been created by gradual erosion of Entrada sandstone over millions of years . The ` goblins ' are scientifically known as ` hoodoos ' - rock protrusions consisting of relatively soft rock topped by harder stone that preserves each column 's spire-like shape from weather erosion . But the mushroom like structures and hiking trails winding through this unearthly landscape , make this a popular attraction for tourists . The softer rock has been removed by wind and water , leaving thousands of unique constructions , which are further chiselled by water and dust erosion . Once known as the Mushroom Valley , the area was first discovered by cowboys searching for cattle . In 1964 it was designated a state park . Utah has a wealth of state parks , and at under five square miles , Goblin Valley is tiny compared to parks such as the nearby 527 square metre Canyonlands . But the striking structures and hiking trails winding through this unearthly landscape , make this a popular attraction for tourists visiting western America . Goblin kiss : The sun bursts through two lifelike rock formations , known as hoodooos , in the Goblin Valley State Park in Utah 's San Rafael . Walking through the site after sunset , when the moonlight eerily illuminates the ` goblins ' heads ' , is a popular choice , as it 's also when wildlife , including foxes is most active . The site also boasts some of the darkest skies in the world , and park rangers offer a tour showcasing the night sky , gazing upon stars , planets and distant galaxies , learning about the stories behind the constellations . In October 2013 , a group of reckless visitors posted a video of themselves tipping one of the ` goblins ' over as a practical joke . The three males faced felony charges for ` intentionally damaging , defacing and destroying property . ' The rock protrusions consist of soft rock topped by harder stone that preserves each column 's spire-like shape from weather erosion . Once known as the Mushroom Valley , the area was first discovered by cowboys searching for cattle . In 1964 it was designated a state park . Softer rock is removed by wind and water , leaving the unique constructions , which are further chiselled by water and dust erosion . The magnificent hoodoos are a geologist 's dream created by gradual erosion of Entrada sandstone over millions of years . The site also boasts some of the darkest skies in the world offering visitors the chance to gaze at stars , planets and distant galaxies . In 2013 , a group of visitors posted a video of themselves toppling one of the goblins . They faced charges for ` intentionally damaging , defacing and destroying property ' Utah has a wealth of national parks , and at under five square miles , Goblin Valley is tiny compared to parks such as the nearby 527 square metre Canyonlands . Walking through the site after sunset , when the moonlight eerily illuminates the ` goblins ' heads ' , is a popular choice for tourists .