Rotherham have a serious fight on their hands to avoid relegation from the Championship after they were deducted three points for fielding an ineligible player . The Millers fielded Derby defender Farrend Rawson in their 1-0 win against Brighton on Easter Monday after his youth loan had expired . The Football League maintain the paperwork for his extension was n't handled properly . They have until May 1 to appeal the decision and , should they choose to , that could have ramifications with an ultimate decision likely to be taken after the season has finished . Rotherham manager Steve Evans has seen his side deducted three points by the Football League . On-loan Derby defender Farrend Rawson -LRB- third right -RRB- played in the 1-0 win over Brighton on Easter Monday . Rawson -LRB- right , pictured playing for Derby 's Under 21 side -RRB- wore the Rotherham shirt four times . Rotherham were on 44 points -LRB- left -RRB- but are now just one point above the relegation zone after the deduction . A Football League statement read : ` Rotherham were also fined the sum of £ 30,000 , half of which will be suspended until the end of the 2015-16 season . The club must also pay the costs of the hearing and the Football League . ' The Football League set a precedent for penalties this time last year after slapping AFC Wimbledon with a three-point deduction and £ 5,000 fine after playing Jake Nicholson when he was n't registered correctly . Blackpool were fined £ 30,000 earlier this season after starting on-loan Donervon Daniels once his 28-day youth loan had expired but escaped the loss of points because they lost at Millwall on August 30 . Top QC Jim Sturman unsuccessfully defended Rotherham , who will feel the full force of financial relegations should they are to drop into League One . The punishment means they are now only one point ahead of the Championship relegation zone with two games left . Rotherham drew 1-1 with Fulham last Wednesday , which left them four points above the relegation zone . Rotherham 's scenario has set-up a tantalising end to the campaign , bringing two teams who appeared doomed back into play . Wigan lie on 39 points , Millwall 40 and Rotherham 41 before this Saturday 's fixtures . Steve Evans ' side have a tough trip to Norwich , while Millwall host Derby and Wigan play Wolves at the DW Stadium . All three opponents still have things to play for in the final two weeks of the season . Derby can secure a play-off place on Saturday , with Norwich still gunning for automatic promotion and Wolves retaining an outside chance of a top-six berth .