Drunks who repeatedly turn up at a & e should be fined to pay for treating for their injuries , Nigel Farage has claimed . The Ukip leader , who admits to having a pint most lunchtimes , said that it was a ` reasonable proposition ' to charge people who end up in hospital more than once after drinking . He also revealed he is finding the election campaign ` knackering ' , as polls suggest support for Ukip is on the slide . Ukip leader Nigel Farage , who admits to having a pint most lunchtimes , said that it was a ` reasonable proposition ' to charge people who end up in hospital more than once after drinking . Ukip supporters should consider switching to back the Tories in areas where their party can not win , Nigel Farage has suggested . The Ukip leader said his backers had to use their vote ` as wisely as they can ' , and urged them to do what they can to secure a referendum on the European Union . David Cameron has urged Ukip supporters to ` come home ' to the Tories , the only party able to deliver an EU vote . In an interview with the Sunday Telegraph , conceded his Ukip supporters could back Conservative candidates in areas where there is no chance of winning . He said : ` Of course , it 's a complex electoral system and people have to use their votes as wisely as they can . '' Mr Farage suggested that Ukip MPs could prop up a Tory government to keep Ed Miliband out of power . ` If the Tories were the biggest party , and we helped to make up the numbers and this country had a full , free and fair referendum , that would be an infinitely better position . ' There were nearly 60,000 assaults on NHS staff in 2011-12 and alcohol-related hospital admissions have now topped a million a year -- a rise of 510,000 in a decade . Politicians from across the political spectrum have backed the idea of fining or charging people who visit a & e after drinking too much , but doctors leaders warn the plan is unworkable . It would also cast doubt on the principle that the NHS is free at the point of use . Mr Farage said he would support the idea of charging for treating drunks , but only persistent troublemakers . He told the Sunday People : ` It would n't be for first-time offenders , '' he told the Sunday People in an exclusive interview . `` We were all young once . But for a second offence it 's a reasonable proposition . '' But he rejected the idea of issuing fines for people who miss GP appointments . ` That would not be practical . Chasing up fines would cost too much money . The NHS has huge problems but I 'm totally for an NHS free at the point of delivery . ' Lib Dem health minister Norman Lamb last year suggested a £ 50 levy on drunks . He warned that people who ` gratuitously ' consume too much alcohol , especially at the weekends , were putting a ` huge ' burden on hospitals . Tory Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt signalled that he was open to the idea of fining those who cost taxpayers through their own ` irresponsibility ' . ` I have a great deal of sympathy for the people who say we should charge people who use a & e because they go over the top on a Friday or a Saturday night , ' he said . ` I do n't see why we , as taxpayers , should be funding that . ' Lib Dem health minister Norman Lamb and Tory Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt have both signalled they are open to fining drunks who cause problems in a & e . Gordon Miles , chief executive of the College of Emergency Medicine , said in September that the proposal would be ` very tricky ' . He added : ` For example they had a couple of glasses of wine , fell and really hurt themselves ? The priority is treating them . ` It 's all very well saying these people are a huge burden on hospitals which they are , and a & e staff do face challenging situations . ` But there are many other ways we need to tackle alcohol abuse before it gets to hospital . ' In a separate interview with the Sunday Telegraph , Mr Farage admitted that he tries to drink every day . He also admitted he was feeling the strain of the election campaign , which has been dogged by botched events and falling poll ratings . Asked if he has a pint of bitter every lunchtime , he replied : `` Generally - I try to . I like Adnam 's . Young 's . Master Brew . '' He also admitted he was feeling the strain of the election campaign . ` Of course it 's a bit knackering , I am not superhuman , ' he said . Ukip has struggled in recent days with misfiring campaign launches , angry protests and falling poll ratings . The latest ComRes survey for the Mail put the party on 12 per cent , level with the Lib Dems for the first time in two years . It marks a sharp fall from the 19 per cent recorded in October , when Mr Farage boasted he was making inroads across the country .