Didier Drogba was utterly exhausted and emotionally drained as he and John Terry held each other up through a post-match flash interview . It was as if these two warriors might collapse on camera if either of them moved , so they clung on and spoke happily if wearily after supplying the goals which fuelled this fight-back at Leicester . Drogba is into his 38th year and could be doing something a little more leisurely than leading the line through 90 minutes at the sharp end of the season . Centre-forward is a demanding role in any team , let alone one of Jose Mourinho 's . Ramires celebrates his stunning third goal by putting the ball under his shirt as he congratulated by Cesar Azpilicueta . Ramires -LRB- right -RRB- struck his effort with such power that he had both feet off the ground at one point . Ramires 's goal flew in at an incredible speed of nearly 60 miles per hour - leaving Kasper Schmeichel in the Leicester goal no chance . John Terry turns and celebrates after making it 2-1 to Chelsea with a close-range finish that Schmeichel could not stop . Terry -LRB- right -RRB- flicks home from close range after a scramble in the Leicester box following a Chelsea corner . Didier Drogba -LRB- centre -RRB- was the star of the show for Chelsea - and he was leading his team-mates in celebrations at full time . LEICESTER -LRB- 3-5-2 -RRB- : Schmeichel 6 ; Wasilewski 6.5 , Huth 6 -LRB- De Laet 24 , 7 -RRB- , Morgan 6.5 ; Albrighton 7 , King 6 -LRB- James 18 min , 6 -RRB- , Drinkwater 6.5 , Cambiasso 7 , Konchesky 6 ; Ulloa 6 , Vardy 7.5 -LRB- Mahrez 77 -RRB- . SUBS NOT USED : Schwarzer , Hammond , Wood , Kramaric . GOALS : Albrighton 45 . BOOKINGS : Konchesky , . MANAGER : Nigel Pearson 7 . CHELSEA -LRB- 4-2-3-1 -RRB- : Cech 7 ; Ivanovic 6 , Cahill 7 , Terry 6.5 , Azpilicueta 6.5 ; Ramires 6.5 , Matic 6 ; Willian 8 -LRB- Zouma 84 -RRB- , Fabregas 6 -LRB- Mikel 90 -RRB- , Hazard 7 -LRB- Cuadrado 88 -RRB- ; Drogba 7 . SUBS NOT USED : Courtois , Luis , Ake , Oscar . GOALS : Drogba 48 , Terry 79 , Ramires 83 . MANAGER : Jose Mourinho 6.5 . MAN OF THE MATCH : Willian . REFEREE : Mark Clattenburg 6 . ATTENDANCE : 32,021 . Despite being 38 , Didier Drogba played a crucial part in Chelsea 's win - and covered a lot of grass as shown by his heat map above . For more stats , figures and facts visit our brilliant match zone service . But he and Terry are not shaped that way and the pride burned through their yellow shirts as they led their team-mates to salute three thousand noisy Chelsea supporters in the corner of the King Power Stadium . They had trailed to a goal from Marc Albrighton after a slightly lethargic first-half display but came out inspired and soon levelled through Drogba , before Terry put the Londoners ahead , 12 minutes from time , and Ramires curled the third into the top corner . The strike by Ramires triggered an ironic chorus of ` Boring Boring Chelsea ' from the visiting fans and they sang long into the night , aware that their team can be crowned champions on Sunday at Stamford Bridge if they beat Crystal Palace . Mourinho tried to play down the party vibe but they will come in expectation because this has the feel of a procession after breaking through an awkward sequence of games with only one fit centre-forward , who happened to be 37 . Drogba -LRB- right -RRB- levels for Chelsea after beating Leicester City defender Ritchie De Laet -LRB- centre -RRB- to the ball . Drogba looks on as his effort from inside the box drifts in to the far corner past Leicester goalkeeper Schmeichel . Drogba -LRB- right -RRB- wheels away in celebration as his team-mates Eden Hazard -LRB- left -RRB- and WIllian -LRB- centre -RRB- congratulate him . Drogba is mobbed by his jubilant Chelsea team-mates after make it 1-1 just minutes into the second half . CHELSEA . Crystal Palace -LRB- home -RRB- - May 3 . Liverpool -LRB- home -RRB- - May 10 . West Brom -LRB- away -RRB- - May 18 . Sunderland -LRB- home -RRB- - May 24 . LEICESTER . Newcastle -LRB- Home -RRB- - May 2 . Southampton -LRB- Home -RRB- - May 9 . Sunderland -LRB- Away -RRB- - May 16 . QPR -LRB- Home -RRB- - May 24 . Drogba 's legs do n't cover quite the same ground at quite the same rate as they once did . He rarely gets clear of the back-line , it has been a long time since he screamed one into the top corner and his touch can be heavy . Until Wednesday night it had been a long time since he found the net . You have to go all the way back to Newcastle away in December , when he came on in a bid to rescue Chelsea from their first defeat of the campaign , and almost managed it . Drogba has an impossible-to-pin-down ability to influence the game and his desire glows as fiercely as ever . He energised Chelsea with the equaliser - just as he once did in Munich in the Champions League final . He missed chances and he might have scored more , but he never stopped showing for the ball or leading by example to those team-mates who have yet to cross this finish-line in a title race , as injured striker Diego Costa and Loic Remy looked on from the stands . Mourinho wanted all of his squad to travel and prepare together at St George 's Park as a show of solidarity as they closed in on the goal . This was where the head-tennis video was filmed which went viral on Wednesday . Six Chelsea players headed the ball back and forth across the dinner table until it reached John Obi Mikel , on the end , who nodded it into a bin . Judging by the celebrations which followed , Remy is not far from a return . Marc Albrighton calmly side-foots Leicester in to the lead after a slip from Cesar Azpilicueta , who tries to make an amends with a block . Albrighton -LRB- centre -RRB- manages to find the back of the net despite the efforts of Petr Cech -LRB- left -RRB- and Gary Cahill on the line . Albrighton -LRB- right -RRB- celebrates opening the scoring after an assist from Jamie Vardy -LRB- left -RRB- . Leicester 's players mob Albrighton after his goal puts them up in a vital game in their battle against relegation . Albrighton finished off a Leicester move which originally started in their own half - CLICK HERE for more stats from our brilliant match zone . Chelsea 's players looked dejected after falling behind to Albrighton 's goal just before the end of the second half . On Wednesday , it was over to the legends who have made the journey before to respond to the challenge set down by Nigel Pearson 's vibrant team , who offered more evidence , even in defeat , that they are capable of surviving the drop . Terry scored his seventh of the season , forcing the ball in from close range after Kasper Schmeichel had saved from Gary Cahill at a corner . And Petr Cech came in for Thibaut Courtois and played superbly , making a crucial save to thwart Paul Konchesky when the game was goalless . Courtois hurt his hip during Sunday 's draw at Arsenal and was on the bench . Cech came in for only his fifth Premier League game of the season , but buoyed by the knowledge he had not conceded in this competition for more than a year . Leicester started at a healthy tempo , seeking to use the electric pace of Jamie Vardy , only to see their rhythm disrupted to injuries which forced Andy King and Robert Huth off before the interval . Chelsea dominated from midway through the first half but that did not prevent Leicester from taking the lead on the break when Matty James released Vardy down the left . Vardy beat Terry to the ball and cut his cross low and deep . It might have been aimed at Leonardo Ulloa , but it bypassed the Argentine striker and Cesar Azpilicueta slipped as he tried to adjust his feet . Esteban Cambiasso seemed to be accused by Cheslea 's players of stamping of Eden Hazard -LRB- on the floor left -RRB- . Drogba -LRB- left -RRB- misses with a right-footed shot from inside the box in the first half as he is closed down by Leicester captain Wes Morgan . Marcin Wasilewski -LRB- right -RRB- dives to stop a low effort by Chelsea right back Azpilicueta -LRB- centre -RRB- . Robert Huth went off after just 24 minutes - Leicester 's second injury of the game after Andy James also went off earlier . Fabregas again played in a protective face mark to protect his broken nose - sustained in a collision with Charlie Adam earlier this month . Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho -LRB- right -RRB- and Leicester City boss Nigel Pearson have a talk in the tunnel before kick off . The upshot was a simple finish for Albrighton , arriving late with the ball set nicely and Cech 's goal hopelessly exposed . He had not scored for more than four years but he made no mistake , sliding it low into the net . The King Power erupted as home fans detected an improbably fifth win on the bounce and another year in this lofty company . But Drogba soon punctured those hopes when he reacted swiftly to beat substitute Ritchie de Laet to a low cross from Branislav Ivanovic and hooked it past Schmeichel . It was a different game from this point . Chelsea had re-emerged in a different mood . There was extra urgency about their game and they would go on to win by more than one goal for the first time since a 5-0 win against Swansea in mid-January . Drogba fired one chance over and another wide but Terry produced the second , just as it seemed Mourinho would have to settle for a point . It could have been many more but Ramires made it three . And it was n't boring at all .