Two goals within ninety seconds of each other was enough to spark an outbreak of fear and loathing rarely seen on this side of the Mersey . After more than two years of inexorable decline the patience of Tranmere 's faithful finally snapped when Oxford moved decisively ahead , in an effortless manner reminiscent of the previous Saturday 's Boat Race . The loathing was directed mainly at manager Micky Adams , who was announced on Sunday morning to have left the club by ` mutual consent ' . The Tranmere players look down after the final whistle , as the prospect of relegation looms large . This is how it ends in football sometimes : standing in the dugout having a season ticket thrown in your face by an incandescent supporter , who you then see given a standing ovation by some sections upon being escorted out . The fear involves dropping out of the Football League a week on Saturday after 94 years of membership , something which provoked an angry demonstration by some 150 supporters outside the gates afterwards . Adams departs with two games to go and after a 3-0 defeat against a thoroughly professional Oxford side the Wirral 's only professional sports outfit are one point behind Cheltenham and two behind Hartlepool . Bitter ironies abound . Relegation to the National League -- the grand-sounding new title for the Conference but do n't be fooled -- may partly be down to Prenton Park legend and ex-manager Ronnie Moore , sacked by the club last season for a minor betting offence , and now masterminding Hartlepool 's unlikely survival . And it could all happen under the ownership of former FA Chief Executive Mark Palios , knowledgeable football man and esteemed former Tranmere player who took over the club late last summer . Kemar Roofe celebrates scoring , as a professional Oxford side eased past sorry Tranmere . The battle between Barnet and Bristol Rovers to win automatic promotion to the Football League will go down to the last game . Barnet , who lead the Conference by one point , have a home game against mid-table Gateshead on Saturday while Rovers face a potentially more difficult match at home against fourth from bottom Alfreton , who almost certainly need to win themselves to avoid being relegated . Rovers looked as if they would head the table after the weekend 's games but conceded a goal with two minutes left to draw 1-1 at Dover . That put Barnet , who dropped out of the Football League two seasons ago , in the driving seat after a 1-1 draw away to Kidderminster . Grimsby are guaranteed a play-off spot , but one of Eastleigh , Forest Green and Macclesfield will miss out . It all seemed such a good idea at the time . Nobody questioned his judgement in October when , with the team bottom of the table , he replaced the inexperienced Rob Edwards with a seasoned operator like Adams . There was the odd dead cat bounce , but six months on they are still bottom after failing to keep a clean sheet for nineteen consecutive matches . The Mersey ferry displays a quicker turning circle than that shown by the home defence for the two killer goals that came just after half-time , but then a cause of that may be a lack of familiarity among players . A staggering 52 have been called up to first team duty this season . Adams played the selection and recruitment game like a man on the fruit machine , continually pulling the handle in the hope that the right combination would come up in alignment . The latest loan signing has been young Everton winger George Green who , when pulled off on Saturday after 60 minutes , could be seen haranguing some of his team-mates on the bench . It was not long after full-time that you could catch assistant manager Alan Rogers , part of a distinguished list of former Tranmere players who graduated to a higher level , stripping the paint from the dressing room walls . Micky Adams has left the club by mutual consent , with Tranmere bottom of the league with two games to go . Rogers -- now in charge for the next fortnight -- then had to deny that Adams 's decision to dodge the media was of any significance . He then professed himself ` dumbfounded ' by the team 's performance . And so it unravels in desperate times . They had actually competed gamely in the first half , but were overwhelmed by anxiety when getting anywhere near the goal . ` It 's not acceptable , ' he said . ` We just do n't look like scoring a goal . The players have got to start taking some responsibility . It 's an easy option pointing fingers at the manager but the players have got to look at themselves , have they done enough ? The answer is no . I was a player . You 've got to stand up and be counted . ' Marc Laird , well-travelled journeyman and among those fighting for his career , did not try to shift the blame onto the management . He just about summed up the sense of disbelief saying : ` It 's a big club , when I joined in the summer I never imagined that we would be where we are . ' The prospect of dropping out of the 92 is something uniquely grim in English football , especially for a club of this heritage , who shortly after joining the league gave a debut to 16 year-old local lad Dixie Dean . It was only in January 2013 that they stood on top of League One and early in the last decade reached the League Cup final plus three FA Cup sixth rounds . But they do not have to look far for examples of how there is no easy road back in the event of relegation . Aside from Southport and Chester there is Wrexham , not far across the Welsh border and a decent sized club , who fell out of the league in 2008 and have yet to return . There is a long trip to Plymouth next Saturday and then a last home game against Bury . The unpalatable odds are that the next stop after that could be somewhere like Braintree or Dover .