Families and friends hold grave fears for more than a dozen Australians who are reported missing after the catastrophic earthquake in Nepal , although information is starting to trickle through , with the heartwarming news that Ballantyne Forder is safe . The natural disaster has already claimed more than 1800 lives and more than 200 Australians are confirmed safe but authorities are still trying to contact hundreds of others . Around 549 Aussies are registered as travelling in the Himalayan region . The family of 20-year-old Perth volunteer Ballantyne Forder led a tireless campaign , making headlines as they pleaded for help to find Ms Forder , who had been working in an orphanage in Kathmandu . Finally , to her loved ones ' immense relief , Ms Forder was able to make contact with her family on Sunday night -LRB- AEST -RRB- . Scroll down for video . Zachary Sheridan -LRB- left -RRB- is believed to be missing after a devastating earthquake rocked Nepal . Actor Hugh Sheridan has made a heartbreaking plea on social media to ask for prayers for his brother . Packed to the Rafters star Hugh Sheridan pictured with actor John Travolta -LRB- left -RRB- . At least 18 climbers were killed after the quake which buried tents at the base camp but it 's not known whether any Australians were among the group . Australian actor Hugh Sheridan has made a desperate plea on social media to ask for prayers for his younger brother Zachary who is missing at Mount Everest following a deadly avalanche . ` Please . Anyone who is awake , please pray for my little brother Zachary who is on Mt Everest , I 'd appreciate every prayer you have spare x , ' the Packed to the Rafters star tweeted . His 20-year-old brother , from Adelaide , was last contacted four days ago . Several friends and family members have made a public appeal for help on Facebook and Twitter in a desperate attempt to find their loved ones . Among them are 18-year-old Liam Oliver , from Victoria and his aunt Dianne Joy Coburn , 59 , who are believed to be missing following the quake , ABC reports . Liams ' brother Darcy Oliver has posted on Twitter , saying he is searching for more information about his sibling , who was travelling from Change in Nepal 's east to Dharpani on the Annapurna Circuit . He said he does n't know where his aunt was when the quake struck on Saturday . Liam Oliver , 18 , from Victoria , and his aunt Dianne Joy Coburn , 59 , who are believed to be missing . Liams ' brother Darcy Oliver has posted on Twitter , saying he is searching for more information . Justin Pomella , from Melbourne , was last contacted on Friday when he was at Swayambhunath Temple in Kathmandu . His cousin Lauren Caruana has posted a Facebook appeal along with photographs of Justin during his travels in a bid to find any information . The post has been shared more than 300 times . ` If anyone has any information , please let me know as your help would be much appreciated , ' she wrote . Sydney business owner Matthew Graves was last contacted two days ago . Just hours before the quake , the 24-year-old posted a series of travelling photos in Pokhara , captioning ` The Nepali lifestyle ' . His brother , Mitch Graves , is at home in Sydney waiting for news while their parents are overseas in America . ` It 's a bit of a struggle trying to communicate to everyone . It is a waiting game at the moment , ' he told AAP . Victorian reserve grade football player Richard Jaroszczuk , 22 , is believed to be missing from base camp at Mount Everest . Justin Pomella , from Melbourne , was last contacted on Friday when he was in Kathmandu . Sydney resident Matthew Graves -LRB- left -RRB- and Richard Jaroszczuk -LRB- right -RRB- believed to be missing in Nepal . Perth woman Ballantyne Forder , 20 , who had been reported missing , has made contact via Facebook to the relief of her loved ones . She 's believed to have been working in an orphanage in Kathmandu at the time of the quake . Her family launched a desperate search to find her , posting information across social media in the hopes someone can provide them with information . Her Tasmanian-based sister , Amanda-Sue Markham , shared a number of pictures on Twitter and made a plea for help , saying the family has yet to hear from the 20-year-old . ` My sister at centre of earthquake was working in a baby 's orphanage , ' she said . ` Last heard of nine hours ago . If you know how to pray , please do so for the safety of my sister . ' Ms Markham also told the Nine Network : ` We 're trying not to get too worried but of course the pictures that are emerging out of Nepal - we 're trying not to look at them . ' She was due to return home to Australia on Wednesday . ` It 's her 21st birthday on the third of May . She was coming home for her 21st birthday so we really would like to celebrate with her . We just need to get her home . ' Perth woman Ballantyne Forder , 20 , who was working in a number of orphanages when the earthquake hit . Ballantyne Forder 's family launched a desperate search to find her , posting information across social media . Ms Forder 's sister said she has ` been over there working at baby orphanages for seven weeks . She gave everything up to over there and help the kids ' Ms Forder was due to return home to Australia at the end of May . Another sister , Priscilla-Anne Forder said the family was desperate for news . ` She 's been in Kathmandu and Pokhara but we do n't know where exactly she is right now , ' Ms Forder told News Corp Australia . ` The family is sitting around the computer trying to get in touch and just looking for information . ` She 's been over there working at baby orphanages for seven weeks . She gave everything up to over there and help the kids . ' Officials have confirmed about 100 New Zealanders in Nepal are safe but are still trying to reach other Kiwis in the affected areas . Efforts are being hampered by disrupted communication networks , the New Zealand Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade says . A New Zealand Everest climbing team is safe at Camp One as is a group at Mera Peak in Lukla , says NZ high altitude expedition company Adventure Consultants . Collapsed buildings after an earthquake in Kathmand Earthquake hits Nepal on Saturday . A man is pulled from the rubble of a building destroyed in the huge earthquake that rocked Nepal . The scene after an avalanche triggered by a massive earthquake swept across Everest Base Camp . Climbers walk towards their helicopter -LRB- not seen -RRB- after their Mount Everest expeditions were cancelled . Aid agencies including Oxfam are already sending teams to Nepal in a bid to help in the aftermath of the country 's deadliest earthquake in more than 80 years . Oxfam Australia chief executive Helen Szoke said a group of disaster specialists from the UK are flying in with supplies , including clean water , sanitation and emergency food . ` Communication is currently very difficult . Telephone lines are down and the electricity has been cut off , making charging mobile phones difficult , ' Dr Szoke said in a statement . ` The water is also cut off . The number of people killed is continuing to rise . Many of the old houses have been destroyed and at least one large apartment block has come down in Kathmandu . ` People are gathered in their thousands in open spaces and are scared , as there were several aftershocks . ` Oxfam staff in Nepal , along with thousands of others , are sleeping outside tonight in football fields and other open spaces because they are the safest place to be . ' People gather in Kathmandu 's Durbar Square , a UNESCO World Heritage Site that was severely damaged . People work to rescue trapped people inside a temple in Bashantapur Durbar Square after the major earthquake hit Kathmandu , Nepal . Emergency rescue workers carry a victim on a stretcher after Dharara tower collapsed . The Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade is yet to release a statement about any Australians who might have been caught up in the disaster . The federal opposition has called on the Abbott government to offer every assistance towards the recovery effort in Nepal . ` Labour has asked the government for urgent advice about the safety of Australians reported to have been in the area at the time , ' Opposition foreign spokeswoman Tanya Plibersek said in a statement on Sunday . Several hundred Australians registered with DFAT as travelling in Nepal . New Zealand said it stands ready to assist with financial and practical help , after authorities confirmed that about 100 Kiwis in Nepal are safe and efforts to contact others continue . A group of men carry a person on a stretcher after the powerful earthquake . People desperately search for survivors stuck under the rubble of a destroyed building . People gathered beside damaged buildings after an earthquake in Kathmandu on Saturday . Effects of the quake were felt hundreds of miles away in neighbouring countries with 20 killed in India , six in Tibet and two in Bangladesh . Two Chinese citizens died at the Nepal-China border . The earthquake is also said to have triggered a massive avalanche on Mount Everest killing eight and injuring at least 30 . Several groups of climbers were also said to be trapped at Base Camp which was severely damaged . Officials confirmed that 758 people have died , with 181 people killed in the capital , as rescue teams continue to search for survivors who are feared to be trapped under the rubble . Home Ministry official Laxmi Dhakal warned the death toll is almost certain to rise . Collapsed buildings are seen at Durbar Square after an earthquake in Kathmandu Earthquake hits Nepal . Rescuers search for survivors trapped under rubble of the landmark Bhimsem Tower , also known as Dharahara . The United States Geological Survey said the quake struck 81 kilometres northwest of Kathmandu , with walls crumbling and families racing outside of their homes . The United States Geological Survey said the quake struck 81 kilometres northwest of Kathmandu , with walls crumbling and families racing outside of their homes . The 7.8 magnitude tremor was the worst to hit the poor South Asian nation in over 80 years . Television footage showed a huge swathe of houses had collapsed in while roads had been split in two by the force of the impact . A terrified Kathmandu resident said : ` Everything started shaking . Everything fell down . The walls around the main road have collapsed . ` The national stadiums gates have collapsed , ' Anupa Shrestha said . Government emergency workers are reportedly already on the scene in the most damaged areas while Save the Children teams on the ground are coordinating an emergency response .