The killing of toddler Mikaeel Kular could ` not have been predicted ' by social and health service workers who visited his family in the months leading up to his death , a review has found . His mother , Rosdeep Adekoya , beat her three-year-old son to death before stuffing his body in a suitcase and dumping it in woods in Kircaldy , Fife , in January last year . His death came just six months after he was returned to Adekoya 's care following more than a year with foster carers . Social workers also visited the family a number of times over two years . But a review into whether the social care teams involved with the family could or should have foreseen the circumstances of his death has concluded it ` could not have been predicted ' . Victim : The killing of toddler Mikaeel Kular -LRB- left -RRB- by his mother Rosdeep Adekoya -LRB- right -RRB- could ` not have been predicted ' by social and health service workers who visited his family in the months leading up to his death . Adekoya , then 34 , beat Mikaeel for being sick and left him to die in agony over three days . She then told police her child had wandered off , sparking a major two-day search operation involving emergency services and hundreds of volunteers . Adekoya eventually led officers to the body , which she hid near her sister 's house . She was jailed for 11 years last August after pleading guilty to culpable homicide and attempting to defeat the ends of justice . In the wake of the tragedy , the Fife and Edinburgh Child Protection Committees commissioned an independent significant case review to establish whether the care teams could have predicted the killing is published . A summary of the review , published today , concluded that Adekoya 's behaviour towards her son was ` unprecedented and out of character ' and that the killing ` could not have been predicted ' , even though a number of concerns had been raised and the toddler had spent time in care . February 2012 - July 2012 Fife social work and NHS Fife health visiting services carry out a number of joint home visits after concerns are raised over the children 's welfare . July 2012 Mikaeel is taken into care after Adekoya left he and her other children unattended . August 2013 Children 's Hearing takes place and Mikaeel is returned to his mother 's care . August 2013 January 2014 The family is visited five times by Fife social workers and twice by an Edinburgh health visitor . January 2014 Adekoya , then 34 , beat Mikaeel for being sick and left him to die in agony over three days . August 2014 Adekoya is jailed for 11 years after pleading guilty to culpable homicide and a second charge of attempting to defeat the ends of justice . Today Independent significant case review to establish whether the care teams could have predicted the killing is published . Between February 2012 and July 2012 , Fife social work and NHS Fife health visiting services carried out a number of joint home visits after concerns were twice raised . Mikaeel , referred to in the report as MK , was taken into care in July 2012 after Adekoya left he and her other children unattended . He remained with foster carers until August 2013 , while social workers were waiting for a Children 's Hearing before returning the boy to his mother . The report published today noted that while waiting for the hearing , contact arrangements were not increased . The review team felt that this should have been undertaken and used as an opportunity to test out and monitor his mother 's ability to manage her parenting responsibilities . After Mikaeel was returned to his mother , the family was visited five times by Fife social workers and twice by the Edinburgh health visitors . The teams found no factors that suggested a level of risk that required intervention . The review concluded that ` the circumstances that led to MK 's death could not have been predicted ' . The report identified examples of good practice but also identified 13 areas for future learning and action for NHS Fife , Fife social work services and other organisations including the Scottish Government . Steve Grimmond , chair of the joint Chief Officers ' Group of Fife and Edinburgh , which agreed the remit of the review , said : ` Social workers and health professionals involved in the case have been greatly affected by this tragedy . Concern : Adekoya told police her child had wandered off , sparking a major two-day search operation involving emergency services and hundreds of volunteers -LRB- pictured in January last year -RRB- . ` They care very deeply about what they do and the people they support . ` The report acknowledges the challenges involved for staff going through periods of organisational change while carrying heavy caseloads . ` All agencies will consider how we can improve support to staff at these times and make sure robust processes are in place to review and assess the impact of change within our organisations . ` The report does make a number of recommendations around the sharing and management of information . We 're keen to support this in whatever way we can . Killer : Adekoya , pictured , was jailed for 11 years last August after pleading guilty to culpable homicide and attempting to defeat the ends of justice . ` Finally , we commissioned an independent significant case review to make sure we learn from this case . ` We fully accept the report 's findings and we are taking every opportunity to improve and strengthen our practices . ' The full report is not being published as it contains detailed , personal and private information , although a summary has been released . Professor Scott McLean , NHS Fife executive lead for children 's services , said : ` NHS Fife accepts today 's independent report findings in full . ` The report highlights that professionals communicated well with each other and worked collaboratively to care for Mikaeel and his family . ` It clearly states that there is no evidence that health or other professionals could have predicted the tragic death of Mikaeel . ` We are committed to learning from this case and further strengthening areas of practice . ' A Scottish Government spokesman said : ` The sudden , un-natural death of any child is a tragedy and the untimely death of Mikaeel Kular continues to reverberate across Scotland and in particular , the communities in Fife and Edinburgh where he lived . ` The Scottish Government therefore welcomes the urgency with which this significant case review was undertaken and its speedy conclusion and focused actions , which we are sure will now be considered and acted upon by all the appropriate agencies timeously . ` We accept the recommendation directed at the Scottish Government and we will consider the implications of the report very carefully . ` We are currently consulting on guidance and secondary legislation accompanying the Children and Young People -LRB- Scotland -RRB- Act which will help meet the recommendation . ` The Scottish Government takes seriously its responsibilities in relation to ensuring the safety and wellbeing of all of Scotland 's children , including those who are most vulnerable and at risk of harm . ` We have worked , and will continue to work with , partners and through parliament to strengthen how statutory agencies and children 's services work together to identify and respond early to concerns about a child 's safety or wellbeing , including most recently through the Children & Young People -LRB- Scotland -RRB- Act . '