British exports to the rest of the world are surging ahead of those to the European Union , official figures showed yesterday . It is the first time since records began that such sales of UK goods have outstripped those to the EU for six months in a row . Previously they have beaten EU exports on a quarterly basis -- or three months -- but never for such a sustained period . The figures appear to vindicate David Cameron 's ` mercantile ' foreign policy , which has seen him lead trade missions all over the world in order to refocus trade away from the EU 's struggling economies . They are also a major rebuff to Tony Blair , who claimed in a speech this week that quitting the EU would cause ` significant damage to our economy ' . Meanwhile eurosceptics will seize on the figures as evidence that Britain could carve out a prosperous future outside the EU . The news that British sales to the rest of the world are surging ahead of those to Europe is a major blow to former Prime Minister Tony Blair 's claim that leaving the EU would damage the economy . The figures appear to vindicate David Cameron 's ` mercantile ' foreign policy , which has seen him lead trade missions all over the world . But total sales of British goods overseas have fallen to the lowest level for nearly five years amid warnings that the strong pound and weak eurozone are acting like a ` straitjacket ' on exporters . The slump will come as a setback for the Government ahead of the General Election next month . Britain has exported more goods to Europe than the rest of the world since the UK joined the Common Market in the 1970s . Exports to the Continent were worth £ 147.9 billion in 2014 compared with £ 144.9 billion to non-EU countries . But the gap has been closing in recent years as the crisis in the eurozone has hit demand for British-made goods and UK firms looked further afield for business . Exports to the EU in the three months to February were 7.4 per cent lower than a year earlier at £ 34.4 billion . At the same time , sales of goods stamped ` Made in Britain ' to the rest of the world were up 4.2 per cent to £ 37.9 billion . Matthew Elliott , chief executive of Business for Britain , said : ` These figures put the kibosh on the scaremongering from the pro-EU cabal that would have had us stuck in the euro today . ` The EU makes up a declining share of our trade yet its out-of-date rules make it harder for the UK to do business across the globe . ` With firms on the Continent so reliant on trade with the UK we are in a strong position to renegotiate our relationship inside the EU or secure a trade deal outside altogether . ' British goods overseas have fallen to the lowest level for nearly five years amid warnings that the strong pound and weak eurozone are acting like a ` straitjacket ' on exporters . In a ringing endorsement of Britain 's EU membership this week , Mr Blair said : ` I believe passionately that leaving Europe would leave Britain diminished in the world , do significant damage to our economy and , less obviously but just as important to our future , would go against the very qualities that mark us out still as a great global nation . ' He added the uncertainty of a referendum would cause ` chaos ' for business , and if voters opted for exit there would be ` the most intense period of business anxiety ' since the Second World War . However , Britain 's trade deficit with the EU -- the difference between exports and imports -- widened to £ 21.1 billion in the three months to February . The ONS said it was the biggest trade gap since records began in 1998 and ` mainly ' reflected the slump in exports -- with demand from the crisis-torn eurozone particularly weak . Allie Renison , head of trade policy at the Institute of Directors , said : ` Our trade deficit in goods with the EU continues to widen , reflecting weak demand caused by prolonged stagnation in the eurozone . This underlines the need to reorient our focus on key emerging markets , including Asia . The Government should be pushing the EU as hard as possible to secure trade deals with countries where tariffs on goods still matter for British manufacturing exporters . ' Under the Coalition led by David Cameron , exports to the Continent were worth £ 147.9 billion in 2014 compared with £ 144.9 billion to non-EU countries . Meanwhile the pound has risen by nearly 20 per cent against the euro in the last two years -- making it more expensive for buyers in the single currency bloc to buy goods made in British factories . During this time , British firms have sought to exploit faster-growing markets such as China , India , Mexico and Africa . Alasdair Cavalla , an economist at the Centre for Economics and Business Research , said : ` There has been a certain amount of conscious redirecting of exports through trade missions and trade deals with partners outside the EU . ' But despite the shift to far-flung markets in Asia and Latin America , total exports have fallen to the lowest level since early in this Parliament . Sales of British-made goods overseas fell by £ 900million or 3.7 per cent in February alone to £ 23.2 billion -- the lowest monthly figure since September 2010 . Chancellor George Osborne has promised to double exports to £ 1trillion by 2020 to strengthen the economy -- but is on course to fall well short of that target . Exports of goods and services fell from nearly £ 515.9 billion in 2013 to £ 507.7 billion in 2014 . Chancellor George Osborne -LRB- pictured -RRB- has promised to double exports to £ 1trillion by 2020 to strengthen the economy -- but is on course to fall well short of that target . David Kern , chief economist of the British Chambers of Commerce , said : ` It is clear that the UK is not yet making adequate process to rebalance the economy towards net exports . Unless we see firm action to improve our export performance , it is not clear how we will sustain strong growth in the long-term . ' Paul Hollingsworth , UK economist at Capital Economics , said the bleak figures ` will re-ignite fears that the strong pound and weakness in demand in the euro-zone is acting as a straightjacket on exporters ' . Exports to China jumped 21 per cent between 2012 and 2014 sales of British goods to South Korea were up nearly 14 per cent . China is now Britain 's sixth biggest export market behind the Irish Republic , France , the Netherlands , Germany and the US . Sales of British-made cars to China have increased seven-fold since 2009 amid booming demand for luxury brands such as Aston Martin and Rolls-Royce . China is now the biggest overseas market for British cars having overtaken the US in 2013 .