A Chinese villager who was desperate to become a grandfather has been arrested for buying a wife for his son , then reselling her to another family after realising she was infertile . The man , known only as Xu , even tried to impregnate the ` daughter-in-law ' himself after discovering his son had not slept with his wife a single time . Xu is currently under arrest for human trafficking by the police of Lianyungang city in eastern China , according to the People 's Daily Online . Desperate for a grandchild , Xu -LRB- pictured -RRB- bought a wife for his son , who has learning difficulties . Xu and his son live outside Yancheng , a city of 1.6 million in eastern China . Hoping for a grandchild to carry on the bloodline , he spent 12,000 yuan -LRB- £ 1,311 -RRB- purchasing a wife for his son , who has learning difficulties , through a middleman at the beginning of 2014 . It 's reported that the young bride , known only as Wang , is also mentally impaired . Six months after Wang ` married ' into the family , Xu discovered that the young couple had not slept together at all . Desperate to have a ` grandson ' , Xu decided to have sex with her himself . After spending six months trying to get Wang pregnant , he realised that the young bride was likely to be infertile . The wife -LRB- pictured -RRB- , known as Wang , was resold to another family after failing to get pregnant . Worrying that Wang , whose mental health was getting worse , might be a drain to the family without ` any concrete contribution ' , Xu sold her off to another family through a middleman in his village for 10,000 yuan -LRB- £ 1,093 -RRB- . The astonishing incident only emerged after a regular home visit by the community policemen at Guanyun County . The local policemen discovered the incident while paying a visit to the family who bought Wang from Xu . ` We asked her -LRB- Wang -RRB- name and age , but she could n't answer , ' said Gao Ming , a policeman at Guanyun County police station . This put Gao and his colleagues on alert and it took them two weeks to find out how Wang had been trafficked into the village . ` The whole thing is pathetic and detestable , ' said Guo Jialun , head of the Guanyun County police station . The police is currently trying to track down Wang 's real family .