Kelli Jo Bauer , is accused of stealing more than $ 100,000 worth of women 's clothing and selling these goods out of her nearly $ 1 million home . A woman has been accused of stealing more than $ 100,000 worth of women 's clothing which she then advertised on Facebook to sell from her plush mansion . Kelli Jo Bauer , 45 , was arrested at her Kansas City home after undercover officers visited her and were allegedly shown dozens of clothes , many still with tags of them , that she was selling . Bauer , who lives in a $ 900,000 home in Overland Park had advertised more than 1,000 items of high-end women 's clothing on Facebook , including dozens of fake designer handbags . She has been accused of theft , according to documents filed in Johnson County District Court . Bauer , who is on house arrest as a condition of bond , is accused of showing officers clothes -- many with tags still on them -- hanging on a rack and folded on a bed in an upstairs bedroom , according to the Kansas City Star . It is alleged that Bauer told undercover officers there was more merchandise downstairs , including an ` armful ' of purses she showed them . Bauer told the officers that she was selling the items because she was a ` compulsive shopper ' and had lost weight , the court documents said . The officers bought several items , including what Bauer said was a fake Louis Vuitton bag for $ 50 . Scroll down for video . Detectives who began following Bauer said they saw her stealing items from several stores . After her arrest , police spent two days searching her home and were seen removing several items in large black bags . Officers are continuing to catalogue the items they seized . Bauer was allegedly selling the designer goods from her sprawling mansion in Overland Park , Kansas City . Bauer was released on a $ 20,000 bond and ordered to stay out of retail stores . She was placed under house arrest , monitored by GPS tracking . According to state records , Bauer operates an online retail business named My Retro Baby . The site advertises everything from a $ 325 diaper bag to a $ 38 hooded baby robe . Bower had apparently told the undercover officers she was selling the clothes because she had lost weight . During her first court appearance earlier this month , Bauer was ordered to follow mental health recommendations , including taking prescribed medication . Court records show Bauer was charged in 2007 with stealing clothing and other merchandise from three stores within 72 hours and in 2013 with stealing clothing from a retailer . In the 2007 case , she pleaded guilty to two reduced charges of misdemeanor criminal deprivation of property and was placed on probation , according to court records . As a condition of probation , she was required to serve seven days in jail and receive mental health treatment , records show . She was again placed on probation after pleading guilty to a misdemeanor charge in the 2013 case .