For 120 years it has been a great British institution , bringing world-class performances of classical music to the public . But now the BBC has been accused of dumbing down the Proms -- by holding an Ibiza-style dance party . This year 's Proms will include a late-night concert hosted by DJ Pete Tong , who will pay ` homage to Ibiza and its infectious , energetic brand of club music ' . Veteran dance DJ Pete Tong -LRB- left -RRB- will bring club classics to the Royal Albert Hall for this year 's Proms . Pictured right is cartoonist Pugh 's take on the ` dumbing down ' of the Proms . It will take place on July 29 , coinciding with the 20th anniversary of Radio 1 's broadcasts from Ibiza , and will reinterpret ` club classics ' such as Music Sounds Better With You by Stardust and Rhythm Is Rhythm 's Strings Of Life . Proms director Edward Blakeman said it was a ` natural ' move , adding : ` These 20 years of dance have been a huge phenomenon on Radio 1 so why not celebrate it in a Proms way with a big orchestra ? We do now live in a world , thank God , where you can like all kinds of music . ' Live music at the so-called Pete Tong Prom will be played by the Jules Buckley Heritage Orchestra , which has worked with pop stars such as Arctic Monkeys , Professor Green and Basement Jaxx . When conductor Sir Henry Wood started the Proms in 1895 , he wanted to inspire the public to enjoy top-class classical music . He had accepted a challenge from Robert Newman , manager of the new Queen 's Hall , to ` run nightly concerts to train the public ' . The plan was to gradually raise the standard of music until they ` created a public for classical and modern music ' . Sir Henry more than lived up to that challenge . He conducted the first promenade concert , as it was known , offering tickets for as little as a shilling . Audiences could smoke , drink and eat , keeping the atmosphere informal . He established a tradition of playing Wagner on Mondays and Beethoven on Fridays , later adding Debussy , Strauss , Rachmaninov and Ravel . The Proms moved to the Albert Hall in 1941 after the Queen 's Hall was bombed . By the time of Sir Henry 's death in 1944 , they were firmly established as the highlight of the classical music calendar . The BBC was accused of ` undermining ' the Proms by Conservative Bill Cash , who said : ` The Proms are one of the great British institutions . Like so many institutions , it is under attack by people who think that being novel is necessarily good . The world loves the Proms as they are . It is extremely damaging to undermine the ethos of the Proms by bringing in fake originality . ` The Proms already have a good , convivial finish , and that is part of the tradition , but to undermine the framework and ethos of the Proms is unacceptable . ' The Pete Tong Prom is not the only surprising addition to this year 's line-up at the Royal Albert Hall , which runs from July 17 to September 12 . There will be a ` grime symphony ' featuring rapper Wretch 32 , and the Last Night Of The Proms will include a singalong section inspired by The Sound Of Music . The series of 92 concerts will also include a tribute to Sherlock Holmes , with a performance of pieces referenced in Sir Arthur Conan Doyle 's books , including compositions by Wagner and Paganini . It is one of a number of Sunday matinees on the schedule , which are designed to attract families with children as young as five . Sir David Attenborough will host another of the afternoon concerts , featuring music from his natural history television series Life Story . More traditional fare includes the complete Beethoven piano concertos and Sir Simon Rattle conducting Elgar 's The Dream Of Gerontius . The DJ 's selection is the latest bizarre choice for the Proms -LRB- pictured at Albert Hall -RRB- , which has previously been accused of ` dumbing down ' Rapper Fazer -LRB- left -RRB- and pop singer Paloma Faith -LRB- right -RRB- have played the Proms in recent years in an attempt to appeal to a younger audience .