Owning a passport opens up a world of possibility and freedom for travellers - or so you would think . In some countries around the world , even if you are lucky enough to have access to the government-issued documents , you are still restricted and barred from several countries . Henley and Partners created a Visa Restrictions Index , which ranks countries globally in accordance to the travel freedom their inhabitants enjoy - with some surprising results . Scroll down for video . The Visa Restrictions Index analyses countries ability to travel visa-free . The latest results were based on results from May 20 , 2014 . 1 -RRB- Finland . = Germany . = Sweden . = USA . = United Kingdom -LRB- 174 points -RRB- . 2 -RRB- Canada . = Denmark -LRB- 173 points -RRB- . 3 -RRB- Belgium . = France . = Italy . = Japan . = Korea -LRB- Republic of South -RRB- . = Luxembourg . = Netherlands . = Portugal . = Spain -LRB- 172 points -RRB- . Where it might be expected that countries such as North Korea and possibly Cuba could take the bottom spots for the most restricted travel freedom , they actually place at 86 and 69 respectively , from a ranking of a total of 94 . Each country was given a score by global consulting firm Henley and Partners , who specialise in residence and citizenship planning . The score was calculated based on visa regulations of all countries and territories in the world , and the number of other countries that their citizens can travel to without having to obtain a visa . Taking the lowest spots were Afghanistan -LRB- ranked at 94 and able to visit 28 countries visa-free -RRB- , Iraq , -LRB- able to visit 31 countries -RRB- , Pakistan and Somalia -LRB- able to visit 32 countries -RRB- and the Palestinian Territory -LRB- able to visit 35 -RRB- . This was juxtaposed by Finland , Germany , Sweden , the UK and the US , in first position , who are able to access 174 countries visa-free . Henley and Partners said : ` In today 's globalised world , visa restrictions play an important role in controlling the movement of foreign nationals across borders . ` Almost all countries now require visas from certain non-nationals who wish to enter their territory . ` Visa requirements are also an expression of the relationships between individual nations , and generally reflect the relations and status of a country within the international community of nations . ' Pakistani Khyber Gateway to the Khyber Pass stamps passports are you leave for Afghanistan , passports from this country are able to enter on 32 countries visa-free . Nepal ranked 90th with residents being able to visit 37 countries without a visa . 89 -RRB- Eritrea . = Libya . = Sudan . = Syria -LRB- 38 points -RRB- . 90 -RRB- Nepal -LRB- 37 points -RRB- . 91 -RRB- Palestinian Territory -LRB- 35 points -RRB- . 92 -RRB- Pakistan . = Somalia -LRB- 32 points -RRB- . 93 -RRB- Iraq -LRB- 31 points -RRB- . 94 -RRB- Afghanistan -LRB- 28 points -RRB- . Pakistan is ranked at 92 in the Visa Restrictions Index , and citizens are able to visit 32 countries including Trinidad and Tobago , Haiti , and Dominica without a visa . Despite this freedom , stepping over the Pakistani border into India and Iran does requires a visa . At the bottom of the list are the citizens of Afghanistan who are banned from entering Kuwait entirely . They can , however , travel to Micronesia , Saint Vincent and the Grenadines and Haiti without a visa entirely though . The index reflected the decision in 2014 to allow citizens of the UAE to be allowed short stays in the EU Schengen countries without a visa , moving them up the rankings in the travel freedom index . A UN World Tourism Organization -LRB- UNWTO -RRB- report stated that three-quarters of people in the world travelling to Europe need a visa . According to the latest Visa Openness Report by the UNWTO , 62 per cent of the world 's population was required a traditional visa prior to departure in 2014 , down from 77 per cent in 2008 . A total of 19 per cent of the world 's population was able to enter a destination without a visa , while 16 per cent could receive a visa on arrival -LRB- compared to 17 per cent and 6 per cent in 2008 -RRB- . Somalia , -LRB- left -RRB- , was ranked 92nd , allowing visa-free access to 32 countries . Iraq passports , -LRB- right -RRB- , enable citizens to visit 31 countries visa-free . One of the most restricted passports is that of Somalian citizens , who are barred from Belgium and Canada .