Apple has revealed it will only accept online orders for its much-anticipated watch which goes on sale on the 24th April . The firm will show off the watch to the public for the first time from tomorrow at its retail stores and several special popup stores around the world . From tomorrow morning , customers will be able to preorder their watch online . Scroll down for video . Apple Watch , available for pre-order on Friday , April 10 , 2015 , comes with a choice of watch case , band and size _ there are 54 possible configurations in all . If you know the specific configuration you want , you 're best off ordering it online , starting at 12:01 a.m. PDT Friday -LRB- 3:01 a.m. EDT -RRB- . They will start to ship on April 24 . Popular models might not be available right away if you 're not among the first to order . Your watch will get shipped to you . There wo n't be an in-store pick-up option . ` We are excited to welcome customers tomorrow and introduce them to Apple Watch , our most personal device yet.said Angela Ahrendts , Apple 's senior vice president of Retail and Online Stores . ` Based on the tremendous interest from people visiting our stores , as well as the number of customers who have gone to the Apple Online Store to mark their favourite Apple Watch ahead of availability , we expect that strong customer demand will exceed our supply at launch , ' ` To provide the best experience and selection to as many customers as we can , we will be taking orders for Apple Watch exclusively online during the initial launch period . ' Customers in Australia , Canada , China , France , Germany , Hong Kong , Japan , the UK and the US can try on and experience Apple Watch at their local Apple Store or at Galeries Lafayette in Paris , Isetan in Tokyo , Selfridges in London , and select Apple Authorised Resellers in Japan and China . Customers can pre-order their Apple Watch through the Apple Online Store beginning April 10 at 8:01 a.m. BST for delivery beginning April 24 . In stores , customers will get a personalised session with a Specialist to try on , fit and size their band , and explore the amazing features of Apple Watch . Apple says it encourages customers who want to try on an Apple Watch are encouraged to make an appointment online at www.apple.com . Pre-orders begin April 10 at 8:01 a.m. BST through the Apple Online Store and the Apple Store app for iPhone and iPad . Customers who pre-order their Apple Watch can have it shipped for delivery beginning April 24 . The watch , when paired with an iPhone , allows users to check email , listen to music and make phone calls . ` Will the Apple Watch change your life ? Well , possibly more than many realise until they start using it . ` After a day or two with the watch , a strange thing happened - I completely stopped checking my phone . ` While Apple may be the firm that really creates phone addiction , meaning we are constantly checking our handsets , with the Apple Watch it may have cured it . ` Apple undoubtedly has another hit on its hands with the watch . ` As more and more apps appear , and developers actually get to spend time with it , I fully expect it be used in ways we ca n't even imagine now . ` Much like the iPhone , apps could propel this to become a new computing platform - and even with the features it already has , the Apple watch is the most elegant way to communicate digitally . ' ` Starting Friday , customers can try on Apple Watch , Apple Watch Sport or Apple Watch Edition to find the model with the size , finish and band to best fit their personal preference and style , ' the firm explained . ` Everyone visiting an Apple Store will be able to view all three collections and get hands on with Apple Watch Demo to browse and edit different watch faces , and learn about Apple Watch 's health and fitness features , Digital Touch , Siri and more . ' Based on a survey in the United States on consumer interest in buying the Apple Watch , BMO Capital Markets has cut its estimate for sales to 39 million units though September 2016 . Previously , the analysts had estimated sales of 55.5 million units . About 735 people responded to the survey . Apple is among several companies , including Samsung Electronics Co Ltd and Sony Corp , that are jumping into the nascent market for wearable devices . The watch , when paired with an iPhone , allows users to check email , listen to music and make phone calls . Faces on the watch can be customised , and users will be shown this in strore . There is also an app that helps people monitor their health , for example by tracking heartbeats and footsteps . ` We believe in the next five years , the watch will revolutionize the way we interact with objects around us , ' Oppenheimer analysts wrote a note on Thursday . Apple shares were up 0.3 percent at $ 125.98 in early trading on Thursday . Each version of the watch will come in different colour options . Apple 's Watch goes on display around the world on 10 April and people can pre-order it at 12.01 Pacific Time -LRB- 8 am BST -RRB- on this day . The Watch will then go on general sale on 24 April in the US , UK , Australia , Canada , China , France , Germany , Hong Kong and Japan . Apple Watch comes with a choice of watch case , band and size -- there are 54 possible configurations in all . Most models come in two sizes , 38 millimeters and 42 millimeters , as measured by the height of the watch face . The larger one costs $ 50 more in most cases . For a few of the bands , only one size is available . There are three lines to choose from : . The sport , Watch and Edition versions of the smart timepiece . The cheapest is a ` Sport ' version with an aluminum case . You can get it with a silver case and choose a white , blue , green or pink band made of synthetic rubber . Or get a grey case with a black band . The smaller version costs $ 349 , and the large one is $ 399 . That 's 10 configurations -- five bands , each in two sizes . The regular version has a stainless steel case . The cheapest has the same band as the Sport version . You choose white or black and pay $ 549 for the smaller model and $ 599 for large . Fancier bands are available -- three different leather bands , a link bracelet or a Milanese loop . Prices go as high as $ 1,099 for a large watch with a stainless steel link bracelet . There are 20 official configurations , but once you factor in some leather bands coming in two or three sizes , you have 32 options to choose from . Edition is the luxury line with cases made of 18-karat gold alloy . It 's $ 10,000 for a small version with the white or black band that comes with Sport models . The large one costs $ 12,000 . You can get a leather band for $ 15,000 or $ 17,000 , depending on the size . There are officially eight luxury configurations , or 12 if you count band sizes as choices . Apple is also selling bands separately for those who like to swap designs . Prices range from $ 49 for the basic sport band to $ 449 for a link bracelet . To help you choose , Apple has plenty of videos on its website and Apple Store and Apple Watch apps . The Apple Store app also has sizing guides , images of the watch cases in actual size and animation of buckles and clasps , which you can open and close by pinching in and out .