Living in the depths of an ancient woodland might sound like a fairytale . But for anyone with a few hundred thousand to spare , it could be a dream come true . An idyllic two-bedroom log cabin , nestled down a private country lane in the heart of the New Forest , has gone on the market for £ 350,000 . The 76sq ft hideaway , based near the tiny Hampshire hamlet of Newgrounds , near Godshill , is made entirely from timber imported from Norway . Scroll down for video . An idyllic two-bedroom log cabin , nestled down a private country lane in the heart of the New Forest , has gone on the market for £ 350,000 . The 76-sq ft hideaway , based near the tiny Hampshire hamlet of Newgrounds , near Godshill , is made entirely from timber imported from Norway . Its ideal location means the cabin is worth more than twice what a similar bolthouse would be worth elsewhere . It has 141,000 acres of forest surrounding the cabin . But its ideal location means the cabin is worth more than twice what a similar bolthole would be worth elsewhere . For the same amount , buyers could own a three-bedroom Grade II-listed former school house just a few miles down the road in Ringwood . A four-bedroom detached bungalow with a huge garden in the New Forest town of Holbury is also for sale for £ 350,000 . The aptly-named Log Cabin could be a suitable home for a small family or couple , with two bedrooms , a sizeable living room and a balcony which looks onto a south-facing garden . Despite looking like an ideal holiday retreat , the cabin also comes with permission to live in it all year round . But the real selling point is the 141,000 acres of forest that surround the cabin . The aptly-named Log Cabin could do for a small family , with two bedrooms , a sizeable living room -LRB- pictured -RRB- , and a balcony which looks onto a south-facing garden . Despite looking like an ideal holiday retreat , the cabin also comes with permission to live in it all year round . The property was built in 2004 by the owners of the next door home who needed a place to stay while their house was refurbished . They are now selling the log cabin as they no longer need it . Kesia Whitfield , from estate agents Symonds and Sampson , said : ` The Log Cabin is down an unmade track . It 's a no through road so it 's very quiet and the owner would have direct access to picturesque forest walks from there . ` What 's special about this one is you can live in it 365 days a year . They 've got planning permission to live there all year round , not just for holiday lets . ' She added : ` We think it will appeal to people looking for a New Forest bolthole or as an investment holiday let but also somebody who wants to live in the New Forest that has n't got a huge budget . The property was built in 2004 by the owners of the next door home who needed a place to stay while their house was refurbished . Some 80 per cent of the enquiries have reportedly been from people who want to live in the cabin full-time . The property is situated in the New Forest , the former hunting ground of William the Conquerer . Pictured : The bathroom in the property . ` This is a great way to have your own little bit of the forest . You have got access to miles and miles of forest walks and spectacular far-reaching views over the forest heathland . ' She said 80 per cent of the enquiries were from people who wanted to live there full time . She said : ` You might get similar holiday homes in holiday parks for half the price , but there you 're on a camping site and you can only stay a certain amount of days . ' According to property website Rightmove , the average price of a house in the New Forest is just shy of £ 370,000 . The New Forest was created as a royal hunting enclave in 1079 when King William I , also known as William the Conquerer , wanted somewhere to hunt . Ten centuries on , the Forest is still largely in royal hands , with around 90 per cent of it belonging to the Crown . It became a National Park in 2005 . The park , measuring 571 square kilometres , is set in a rough triangular shape across a large portion of Hampshire . It is bounded by Christchurch in the south west , Southampton in the east , and Fordingbridge and Redlynch in the north . A foal walking in the New Forest . The National Park in Hampshire is home to around 3,000 ponies . The forest is also famed for the New Forest pony , one of the recognised native breeds of the British Isles . There are estimated to be around 3,000 roaming the area . The countryside also boasts countless cycling and walking paths , as well as several decent museums and a host of famous country pubs . Bizarrely , the New Forest is also linked with one of Britain 's most enduring mysteries . William Rufus , the Conqueror 's son and successor , was shot and killed by a stray arrow while hunting in the Forest in 1100 . Whether he was assassinated or the victim of an accident remains a matter of debate . The Rufus Stone , a small memorial near Stoney Cross in the heart of the Forest , marks the spot where he reputedly fell . The Forest is still largely in royal hands , with around 90 per cent of it belonging to the Crown . It became a National Park in 2005 .