Former secretary of state Hillary Rodham Clinton got her budding presidential campaign 's first targeted question about the deadly 2012 Benghazi terror attacks on Tuesday night , and her answer was the sound of one hand clapping . The bash-the-rich candidate flew first class from Boston to Washington , D.C. after wrapping up a two-day New Hampshire campaign trip . Daily Mail Online was on the flight . ` Mrs. Clinton , when are you going to start talking to the press about Benghazi ? ' Daily Mail Online asked her in the Washington Reagan National Airport terminal . ` Did you make mistakes ? ' The usually garrulous and broad-smiling Clinton stared straight ahead , continued walking alongside her Secret Service and local police escorts , and said nothing . SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . NO COMMENT : Hillary stared ahead and walked wordlessly Tuesday , refusing to acknowledge her first campaign-trail question about the deadly Benghazi terror attacks in 2012 . DEADLY : The September 11 , 2012 Benghazi terror attacks killed four Americans including the US ambassador to Libya . WRONG : Both President Barack Obama and then-Secretary of State Clinton incorrectly blamed the Benghazi attacks on protests sparked by a YouTube video mocking Islam 's prophet Muhammad . The two are shown at a ceremony held to receive the remains of the four Americans who were killed at the scene . Moments earlier , she answered a question about why her taxpayer-funded security detail had sped at 80 MPH past exits for the smaller Manchester , New Hampshire airport , and trekked all the way to Boston for a flight with first class seats . ` You know , I do n't make the travel arrangements . I do n't , ' Clinton said . The Islamist terror group Ansar al-Shariah 's military-style Benghazi attacks will likely be a thorn in Clinton 's side throughout the 2016 presidential campaign season . The group laid waste to a State Department facility while she was America 's top diplomat . A special congressional committee chaired by South Carolina Republican Rep. Trey Gowdy , a former criminal prosecutor , has a mandate to investigate the episode through January 2017 , making it unlikely that Clinton will be able to put the issue behind her . TROUBLE AHEAD : New Hampshire resident Brian Blackden included ` Benghazi blood ' Tuesday on a sign listing reasons ` Hillary is a liar , ' near the site of a Clinton appearance at the New Hampshire Technical Institute . On Sunday during a series of 50 brief interviews with Dartmouth College students in Hanover , New Hampshire , 22 of them made references to Bengahzi when asked about Clinton 's chances of becoming president . Many of them , like freshman Cameron Poole , were n't old enough to drive when it happened . ` I think there was blood on her hands , ' Poole told Daily Mail Online . He said he believes Clinton 's performance before , during and after should disqualify her from holding higher office . ` I definitely do , ' he said . ` It shows how she acts under pressure . ' NOT FORGOTTEN : U.S. Ambassader the Libya Chris Stevens was the first to die in Benghazi , and was seen by Libyans as a moderate -- angering anti-American hardliners from radical Islamist groups . CASUALTIES : US Foreign Service Information Management Officer Sean Smith -LRB- left -RRB- , US Navy SEAL Glen Doherty -LRB- center -RRB- and US Nacy SEAL Tyrone Woods -LRB- right -RRB- perished in the Ansar al-Shariah attacks in Benghazi . Four Americans lost their lives in the September 11 , 2012 terror attacks , including U.S. Ambassador to Libya Christopher Stevens , the first American ambassador killed while on duty since 1979 . U.S. Foreign Service Information Management Officer Sean Smith also perished in the initial barrage of mortars and automatic weapons fire . Hours later , a second wave of attacks hit a CIA annex compound nearby , killing CIA contract soldiers Tyrone Woods and Glen Doherty , both U.S. Navy SEALs . The four men came home in flag-draped caskets . Congressional Republicans want answers about Clinton 's involvement in what they see as a potential cover-up of facts surrounding how the attacks unfolded and why -- and how the Obama administration explained it afterward , just weeks before an election . Part of the swirling controversy involves a home-brew email server that Clinton exclusively used for her official electronic communications while she was secretary of state . Clinton never used an official ` state-dot-gov ' email address , but told reporters on March 10 that she had given the State Department copes of ` official ' emails -- and acknowledged deciding herself which ones qualified . She deleted the rest , some 32,000 messages in all . Clinton 's attorney has refused to hand over the server to congressional investigators . Gowdy , the Benghazi committee chairman , wants a neutral third-party to examine it and determine if Benghazi-related emails can be recovered . His committee said Wednesday that its report on the Benghazi attacks wo n't likely be finished until 2016 , putting its release squarely in the middle of the presidential campaign 's most hotly contested months . But the committee said in a statement that ` Secretary Clinton 's decision to seek the presidency of the United States does not and will not impact the work of the committee . ' Clinton 's State Department infamously declined to provide her Benghazi outpost with the beefed-up security presence its station chief requested in the weeks preceding the deadly Ansar al-Shariah attacks . She claimed later that she never saw the requests , insisting that such routine diplomatic cables would never have made it to her desk , even if they were addressed to her . FIRST CLASS : Hillary -LRB- seated at the front , right -RRB- traveled in luxury from Boston to Washington , seated next to chief of staff Huma Abedin , after am 80 MPH Secret Service dash to Logan International Airport . FAREWELL : Hillary Clinton waved at the end of her final campaign stop in New Hampshire on Tuesday , before hitting the road to Boston for the same Washington-bound flight that Daily Mail Online flew on . In the days following the attacks , Clinton said publicly that it was the result of a spontaneous protest over a YouTube video made by an American -- a film that insulted the Islamic prophet Muhammad . Such protests were seen in other Muslim countries , but U.S. intelligence determined in real-time that the Benghazi attacks were well-organized and easily traced back to an Islamist terror network . Months later , following a concussion that delayed her congressional testimony about Benghazi , she testified in a U.S. Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing . Just days earlier , lawmakers disclosed that a top U.S. diplomat told them ` everyone ' at the American diplomatic outpost in Benghazi knew ` from the beginning ' that they were in the middle of a terrorist attack . ` The fact is we had four dead Americans , ' Clinton told the senators . ` Was it because of a protest or was it because of guys out for a walk one night who decided that they 'd they go kill some Americans ? ' ` What difference at this point does it make ? '