Oxford dominated Cambridge in a historic Boat Race as both men and women competed on the same course for the first time . Female crews representing Oxford and Cambridge universities rowed the same stretch of the River Thames in London as the men for the first time in the 87 years they have competed . Oxford claimed their fourth win in five years in a supreme show of strength in the 161st men 's boat race . President Constantine Louloudis claimed a fourth and final boat race victory for the Dark Blues , completing a clean sweep only interrupted by claiming bronze with Team GB 's men 's eight at London 2012 . Scroll down for video . Oxford dominated Cambridge in the men 's Boat Race today , claiming a third consecutive victory in a row . Oxford 's men -LRB- from left -RRB- cox Will Hakim , Constantine Louloudis , Sam O'Connor , Michael Disanto , Jamie Cook , Tom Swartz , Henry Goodier , James O'Connor and stroke Will Geffen celebrate victory . The Oxford men 's crew celebrate after winning the boat race between Oxford and Cambridge today . Oxford claimed their fourth win in five years in a supreme show of strength in the 161st men 's boat race . Cambridge 's Henry Hoffstot -LRB- centre -RRB- reacts after losing the boat race between Oxford and Cambridge today . The Oxford men 's team triumphed over Cambridge to win the Boat Race on a historic day for the event . After Oxford 's women breezed past Cambridge on their historic first battle on The Tideway course , their male counterparts made it a Dark Blue double with victory by six-and-a-half lengths . Louloudis hailed the victory , admitting he felt far more pressure than ever before , despite boasting three previous wins . ` I felt much more pressure this year , especially as I was leaving the guys , ' he told BBC Sport . ` There were some pretty dark moments going in but I 'm so pleased for the guys . ` We just stuck to our plan and executed a really good race . ' Oxford University 's men 's team celebrate their third consecutive Boat Race victory this afternoon . Oxford University president Constantine Louloudis now has four Boat Race victories under his belt . Oxford University 's female rowing team made history by winning the race and competing on the same day as the men for the first time . The Oxford Women 's Boat Race crew pose on the tideway ahead of the historic Newton Women 's Boat Race . Kiwi brothers Sam and James O'Connor shared a fine family moment , pairing up for the comfortable victory . Sam O'Connor admitted claiming his second boat race victory was as pleasing as the first . ` It 's great , you never get sick of this , it 's such a good feeling , ' he told BBC Sport . ` And to do it with James , it 's such a special moment . ' The Oxford women 's team also dominated their race , leading from the early stages , along the 6,800-metre route and finished 19 seconds ahead of their rivals . After the race , Anastasia Chitty , president of the Oxford University Women 's Boat Club , told the BBC : ` It 's a really special moment . ` To race on the same stage as the men , when so many women have n't had this opportunity , is really humbling . ' Hundreds of spectators gathered to see Oxford University 's womens team celebrate their victory today . History in the making : Oxford 's women 's crew set off prior to the start of the boat race between Oxford and Cambridge . Hundreds of thousands of spectators gathered in London this afternoon for one of Britain 's oldest sporting events . Spectators lined the banks of the River Thames between Putney Bridge and Chiswick Bridge for the 161st Oxford Cambridge Boat Race . Races between the men 's crews have typically attracted 270,000 spectators along the 4.2-mile -LRB- 6.8-kilometer -RRB- stretch in southwest London - and worldwide television audiences in more than 200 countries . Until now , the women have competed away from the limelight - on a different day and on a different , less challenging course . But the women finally got a chance to test out just what it 's like to compete on centre stage . Anastasia Chitty , president of the Oxford University Women 's Boat Club , celebrates today 's win . Constantine Louloudis said he is ` hungrier than ever ' to lead Oxford to a fourth Boat Race victory in five years . Races between the men 's crews have typically attracted 270,000 spectators along the 4.2-mile stretch . Hundreds of thousands of spectators are gathering in London this afternoon for one of Britain 's oldest sporting events . Races between the men 's crews have typically attracted more than 270,000 spectators along the 4.2-mile -LRB- 6.8-kilometer -RRB- stretch in southwest London . The top female rowers at England 's two leading universities compete on the same course and on the same day for the first time . The men 's and women 's teams are pictured together . Crowds line the banks of the river Thames prior to the start of the boat race between Oxford university and Cambridge university . Until now , the women have competed away from the limelight - on a different day and on a different , less challenging course . The Oxford Women 's crew paddle out for the start of The Newton Investment Management Women 's Boat Race . Cambridge leads the men 's series , 81-78 , but has lost the last two races . Last year , an early clash of oars damaged Cambridge 's hopes of victory and Oxford won by 11 lengths , the biggest winning margin since 1973 . Constantine Louloudis revealed this week that he is ` hungrier than ever ' to lead Oxford to a fourth Boat Race victory in five years . The Oxford University president boasts the most enviable CV in the River Thames battle , with three Boat Race victories under his belt and a bronze medal from London 2012 . The 23-year-old took a year out from his classics degree to help Great Britain 's men 's eight to third place in the Olympics , before resuming both his studies and Boat Race dominance . Oxford are gunning for a sixth success in eight years and their 11th since the turn of the century . Cambridge leads the men 's series , 81-78 , but has lost the last two races . Crowds are expected to line the banks of the Thames . Spectators have even clambered onto the roof of this boathouse to make sure they get a good view of the action this afternoon . Oxford are gunning for a sixth success in eight years and their 11th since the turn of the century . The Cambridge Women 's Boat Race crew pose on the tideway ahead of the historic Newton Women 's Boat Race .