Kim Kardashian continued her tour of the tour of the Holy Land with husband Kanye West and their daughter North , as she visited the site of Jesus Christ 's crucifixion . On Monday , she took her family to Jerusalem 's Old City - the reputed location of the historical religious event - to visit Armenian church St James Cathedral in order to baptise their little girl . And , clearly overwhelmed and honoured by the pilgrimage , Kim took to Instagram to share a couple of pictures from inside the holy building . Scroll down for video . Humbled : Kim Kardashian seemed amazed to be inside Saint James Cathedral in Jerusalem 's Old City on Monday , the location for her daughter North 's baptism . Along with her artful first post from inside the St James Cathedral in Jerusalem 's Old City , Kim revealed it had been an early start for the family . ` Good morning Jerusalem ! We woke up really early to see the site where the crucifixion of Jesus Christ took place , ' she wrote . The image showed the ornate interior of the 12th century church , which sits in the Armenian quarter of the city , the capital of Israel . Family time : Another picture posted on Kim 's Instagram showed her and husband Kanye West crouching under the statue of Jesus Christ . A second shot posted on the reality TV star 's Instagram page showed herself and Kanye crouching under the statue of Jesus Christ on the crucifix , although as it was heavily filtered , the showbiz couple were hard to see . The centuries-old church in the Holy Land was the location of choice for the Kardashian-Wests for the baptism of their nearly two-year-old daughter . And as they approached the iconic building , they fended off swooning fans as they entered it . Archbishop Aris Shirvanian , an Armenian church official , revealed the family had arrived for a baptism ceremony . Surprise stop : Kim , Kanye and North arrived early on Monday in Jerusalem for North 's baptism . Special visit : Kanye and North at the Armenian St. James Cathedral in Jerusalem 's Old City . Sacrament : Archbishop Aris Shirvanian , an Armenian church official , confirmed North 's baptism . ` Kim Kardashian 's daughter will be baptized and become a Christian officially and a member of the Armenian church , ' Shirvanian said , slightly perplexed by all the commotion . ` All I know is that she 's a famous personality . I do n't know her in person . In any case she is welcome with her family . ' A source tells E! that Khloe , who attended the ceremony wearing sneakers and ripped jeans , is North 's godmother while the priest acted as her godfather -LRB- while uncommon , it is an option where there is n't one -RRB- . VIP treatment : The family were escorted out of the church by a priest . Tight security : The group were surrounded by guards . No heels today : Kim wore sensible flat sandals for the ceremony . The insider described the ceremony as ` so special ' . The 22-month-old was dressed in a white gown and her father was wearing the same colour . Kim opted for a striped wrap-around dress and flat sandals . Afterwards , the family dined with Jerusalem mayor Nir Barkat at Mona Restaurant . Members of reality TV 's first family touched down Monday in the Holy Land for what was described as a private two-day visit . They family had earlier arrived in a private jet at Israel 's international airport before being whisked away in a dark black SUV to a hotel in Jerusalem . Protective dad : The rapper left the church after the ceremony with his daughter in tow . Taking in the sights : The group explored the historic church . Holy Land visit : The family are in Jerusalem for what was described as a private two-day visit . Family affair : Khloe Kardashian was also on the trip , and acted as North 's godmother . Cuddles with mom : The reality star carried her daughter into the church . All were captured on camera disembarking their plane and the images featured prominently on Israeli websites . The Kardashian entourage arrived from a high-profile visit to Armenia , where the Kardashian family traces its roots . They are expected to shoot some footage for their reality show in Jerusalem before moving on to Jordan . Reality TV royalty : The star gave fans a regal wave . The family 's Armenian tour certainly ended in spectacular fashion after Kanye gave a surprise free performance in the capital city , Yerevan , on Sunday night . He had to be rescued by security after being mobbed by fans in Swan Lake . Things got hectic when ` thousands ' of fans followed his lead and waded into the water . Before striding into the shallow lake , he told the assembled crowd : ` Over there , can y ' all see me over there ? We 're going to do something different right now , like , like , like we always do it this time ! ' Not too close ! Kanye tried to keep the crowd at bay . As paparazzi scrambled to get a picture , security guards pulled Kanye out from the group of fans and police stopped the gig - which was being live streamed - from continuing . However , despite the abrupt ending to the set , which lasted just six songs , he and Kim appeared to have enjoyed the mayhem . His wife tweeted afterwards : ` Crazy night ! Kanye wakes me up & says he 's doing a free concert in Yerevan , Armenia ! I throw on sweats & we go ! Thousands of people were there ! Kanye jumped in swan lake to be closer to the crowd on the other side & so many people jumped in too ! Such an exciting crazy night ! So happy I got to rock out with everyone in Armenia on our last night here !!!! #EpicNight #ArmenianPride -LRB- sic -RRB- ' Baby and Yeezus : Kanye doted over his only child . Back on daddy duty : The rapper performed a surprise concert in Armenia on Sunday to mark the end of their trip . Quick visit : The family are expected to leave Israel on Tuesday . The 34-year-old - whose late father Robert Kardashian was of Armenian-American descent - later took to Twitter again to thank everyone who came out to see her husband perform , and said she was going to miss the country . Kim tweeted : ` I 've learned on this trip how many talented Armenian musicians we have ! What an incredible night !!!! Going to miss it here !!! Thank you to everyone who came out last night to see Kanye perform ! ' The reality TV star 's Armenia trip had been very well-documented on the social media website , as she posted pictures of her , her sister Khloe , and cousins Kourtni and Kara , meeting the Armenian Prime Minister , as well as the two sisters having an 'em otional day ' at the Genocide Museum - which they were visiting for a documentary they 're filming about the Armenian Genocide . Kim tweeted : ` It was an honour to meet the Prime Minister of Armenia , Hovik Abrahamyan . He expressed how proud they are that we are proud Armenians and we have not forgotten our roots . #NeverForget ' . Power couple : The pair met with Jerusalem Mayor Nir Barkat and his wife Beverly after the baptism . Dining with the stars : The group ate at Mona restaurant in Jerusalem .