The Liberal Democrats have admitted they are on course to lose at least 20 MPs , but claim this could still be enough to put them back in power . Nick Clegg today continued his tour of 60 seats where the party is defending perilous majorities or hope to make gains , stopping off in Hampshire where the Lib Dems held Eastleigh after Chris Huhne was jailed . But behind the scenes , senior party sources admit their current total of 57 MPs will be slashed to ` in the thirties ' after a catastrophic collapse in support . Nick Clegg today continued his tour of 60 seats where the party is defending perilous majorities or hope to make gains , stopping off in Eastleigh in Hampshire . Mr Clegg today admitted that his party was fighting ` tooth and nail ' in fewer than a tenth of Westminster seats . Instead of battling to win seats across the country , the party has highly targeted strategy , effectively fighting 60 by-elections in constituencies where his candidates stand a chance . A party source said if the party had a group of MPs numbering ` in the 30s ' it could potentially hold the balance of power after May 7 and be able to once again form part of a coalition government . The senior Lib Dem , closely involved in the party 's election strategy , said the campaign 's focus was increasingly on between 10 and 15 marginal seats - some held by the party and a few targets - with other constituencies either assessed as safe or effectively written off . Assessing the election outcome , the source said : ` Everything is so marginal , we need to get into the 30s and the other parties need to sort themselves out and we will see what the answer is . ` There are now basically two possible outcomes to this election - we can either get a minority government or a coalition with the Lib Dems in it . ' Asked if a seat count in the 30s was realistic , the source said : ` Oh yes . ' Pressed on whether that was a ` best case ' scenario , the senior Lib Dem said : ` I would like to say 150 , but I think in fairness you would n't believe me . ` There are lots of marginal seats . There 's a marginal outcome in 40 seats for us and if we won every one of those marginal contests we would get to 40-odd . ' Mr Clegg today admitted that his party was fighting ` tooth and nail ' in fewer than a tenth of Westminster seats . Opinion polls by YouGov since 2010 show the dramatic collapse in the Lib Dem support , to barely 8 per cent . The Lib Dems won 57 seats in the 2010 election but have been hit by a slump in popularity after forming the coalition government with the Conservatives . Mr Clegg travelled to Eastleigh , the scene of a 2013 by-election triumph , to spell out the intensity with which the party would fight in its target seats . The Lib Dems have built up a reputation as formidable campaigners in by-election contests , including in the Hampshire seat which they held following the resignation of disgraced former cabinet minister Chris Huhne , despite a Ukip surge . Mr Clegg and the party 's election strategists have insisted the poor national opinion poll ratings , which have seen the party stuck around the 8 per cent mark , are not reflected in the data gathered by canvassers and internal polling . The Lib Dem leader told supporters : ` What we are going to do on May 7 is n't just , as the placards say , win here , we are going to win up and down the country . ` Because in effect what we are doing is running a campaign of not just one Eastleigh by-election but 60 Eastleigh by-elections - north , south , east , west , campaigning with exactly the same vigour that led to that famous victory . ' He added : ` In the final week of this campaign two million voters will hear our message on Facebook , on YouTube and on social media . ` So we are fighting a campaign like we have never fought a campaign before . Sixty by-elections up and down the country . ' Mr Clegg was all smiles at the Ageas Bowl cricket ground near Eastleigh , behind the scenes , senior party sources admit their current total of 57 MPs will be slashed to ` in the thirties ' after a catastrophic collapse in support . The alternatives to a coalition involving the Lib Dems were a Labour-SNP alliance ` saddling our children with the dead weight of debts from this generation ' or a ` hapless David Cameron administration dancing to the tune of Ukip , the DUP and - most chillingly and worryingly of all - his own MPs on the right wing of the Conservative Party ' . In a rallying cry delivered at Hampshire County Cricket Club 's Ageas Bowl stadium he said : ` If you do n't want to run the risk of our country lurching to the right , lurching to the left , the only way to guarantee to keep our country on track is to vote Liberal Democrat . ` We will cut less than the Conservatives , we will borrow less than Labour . We have provided a heart to a government with the Conservatives , just as we would provide a brain to a government with the Labour Party on the economy . ' He added : ` We will win again . We will campaign like no other party knows how to campaign again . We will serve our local community better than any other party does again . We will speak to more voters than any other party again . ' Asked whether he was now even running a national campaign following his call for '60 Eastleighs ' , Mr Clegg said : ` I am saying that exactly the same zeal of that by-election is what we are applying in the 60-odd seats where we are fighting tooth and nail to get Liberal Democrats elected in this election . ' A new survey by Lord Ashcroft had the Tories on 36 per cent , with Labour trailing on 30 per cent , Ukip on 11 per cent and the Lib Dems on 9 per cent . The Tories could be six points ahead of Labour , or three points behind , depending on which opinion poll to believe . The latest batch of surveys agree on only one thing : the result is probably too close to call . David Cameron 's day will have been brightened by a six-point lead in a survey by Lord Ashcroft . The Tories are on 36 per cent , with Labour trailing on 30 per cent , Ukip on 11 per cent and the Lib Dems on 9 per cent . Another poll by ICM for the Guardian also gave Mr Cameron 's party a lead , but of only three points lead on 35 per cent to 32 per cent for Labour . However , the Sun 's YouGov poll had Labour in the lead on 34 per cent to the Tories ' 33 per cent , indicating that the battle for No 10 remains agonisingly close for the party leaders . Labour enjoyed a three-point lead in a Populus poll , on 36 per cent -LRB- up one point -RRB- to the Conservatives ' 33 per cent -LRB- up one -RRB- . North of the border , a TNS poll found Scottish National Party support continuing to surge to 54 per cent , almost two-and-a-half times Labour 's 22 per cent .