A team of experts is hoping to enter the record books by building the world 's fastest bike powered by hand . Engineers developed the Human Powered Vehicle -LRB- HPV -RRB- and will attempt to beat the women 's arm-powered speed record in Nevada later this year . It will be piloted and powered by paracyclist Liz McTernan and will need to travel in excess of 21.39 miles per hour -LRB- 34.42 km/h -RRB- over 656ft -LRB- 200-metres -RRB- to beat the record . Engineers have developed a Human Powered Vehicle -LRB- HPV -RRB- -LRB- pictured -RRB- and will attempt to beat the women 's arm-powered speed record in Nevada in September . It will be powered by paracyclist Liz McTernan and will need to travel in excess of 21.39 miles per hour -LRB- 34.42 km/h -RRB- over a 656ft -LRB- 200-metre -RRB- stretch of tarmac . The current benchmark is held by Tracy Miller who broke the record on 13 May 1995 on a bike called Chairiot . Ms McTernan 's HPV was been designed by mechanical and composites engineers and students from Plymouth University led by Adam Kyte , lecturer in Mechanical and Marine Engineering Design , working with students Matthew Sharman and Rhys Parsons . Mr Kyte told MailOnline that the team has had to design the whole thing from scratch . ` The standard design for a bike is n't the best in terms of aerodynamics , ' he said . ` On our bike we 've put two wheels at the front and one at the back to make it more aerodynamic but this presents an interesting challenge because we need to steer the front wheels and drive at the rear wheels . ' The JIVR Bike , previously known as JIVE Bike , is an electric bike with a chainless drivetrain . A built-in electric motor allows users to commute up to 15.6 mph -LRB- 25km/h -RRB- in three modes - full electric , full manual and assisted pedalling . It has a range of 20 miles -LRB- 32 km -RRB- on a single charge in assisted-pedalling mode and takes two hours to recharge . The £ 1,499 -LRB- $ 2,270 -RRB- bike 's accompanying JIVR app comes with with an intelligent dashboard that allows them to travel around the city in safe hands . Customers can reserve the JIVR bike online . This means Ms McTernan 's body faces forwards , looking towards the floor , with her legs tucked underneath her body . ` The motion from the rider therefore has to pass through a chain and then to the drive at the back , ' continued Mr Kyte . The frame of the handcycle is made from aluminium with the help of University technicians Julian Seipp , Rick Preston and Neil Fewings and the team are now building the aerodynamic shell from an advanced composite material . Elsewhere , Mr Kyte said that because Ms McTernan has limited use of her legs the steering system instead is controlled by her head . Pads either side of her helmet are used to control the front wheels and move the bike in different directions . Detailed tests were held over two days earlier this month , one day in the lab and one day in the field with Ms McTernan . But , instead of working on speed , these tests were designed to test the mechanics . The bike has been designed by mechanical and composites engineers and students from Plymouth University led by Adam Kyte , lecturer in Mechanical and Marine Engineering Design . It has two wheels at the front and one at the back to make it more aerodynamic . Motion travels through a chain to a drive at the rear . University technicians Julian Seipp , Rick Preston and Neil Fewings and the team are now building the aerodynamic shell from an advanced composite material -LRB- illustrated -RRB- . They were also carried out to help Ms McTernan master the head-mounted controls . Ms McTernan , who last year ranked in the world 's top eight in her sport , said : ` I had first tried out a prototype in October but I was really surprised to see how compact and well engineered the new bike is . ` It was great to get out and test the current model , but there is a lot for me to get used to in terms of the steering and brakes , the riding position and the weight I have to propel . ` I am now going to concentrate on my World Cup events in June and July , but am looking forward to getting back on the track well ahead of the record attempt in September . ' Handcycling is growing in popularity and annual speed trials for a range of HPVs are held on the long straight roads of Battle Mountain , Nevada , where competitors can build up speed over a five-mile -LRB- 8 km -RRB- run-up before being measured over a 656ft -LRB- 200 metre -RRB- stretch . The frame of the handcycle is made from aluminium and because Ms McTernan -LRB- pictured -RRB- has limited use of her legs , the steering system instead is controlled by her head . Pads either side of her helmet are used to control the front wheels and move the bike in different directions . Detailed tests were held over two days earlier this month , one day in the lab -LRB- pictured -RRB- and one day in the field with Ms McTernan . But , instead of working on speed , these tests were designed to test the mechanics . The current record is held by Tracy Miller who broke the record on 13 May 1995 on a bike called Chairiot . Mr Kyte said : ` After months of planning , design and building it was great to be able to welcome Liz to Plymouth and to embark on the first real tests with her at the controls . ` The tests have provided us with a lot more information , and we are now fully analysing the results , while Liz 's comments on the day are also hugely important . ` We will be factoring all of them into our work over the coming months to ensure that we have the best possible opportunity to break the record in September . '