Clearly baffled and obviously just the tiniest bit irked , Alan Stubbs simply did n't know what to make of Peter Houston . Or , more accurately , the Falkirk manager 's sudden escalation of post-match comments into an all-out conflict . Back-track or snap right back at him ? Stress the good intentions and best wishes he feels towards Falkirk , or defend his team against the insinuation that they 're a bunch of weak-willed tippy-tap merchants who ca n't defend crosses ? In the space of 10 minutes on Monday , the Hibs boss did placatory -- ` I have a lot of respect for Peter and what he 's done ' -- and followed it with accusatory , as in ` I think you need to ask Peter what he said when he came into my office after we got beat 1-0 in the first game ; it certainly was not what he said in the press -LRB- on Saturday -RRB- . ' Hibernian manager Alan Stubbs did not know what to make of Peter Houston 's recent post-match comments . However you choose to interpret everything Stubbs said both on Saturday * and * after reading Houston 's sharp response , a lot of people will be watching their next meeting -- Falkirk host Hibs on the last day of the Championship season , inevitably enough -- for signs of enmity . ` It 's funny the way football works , ' said the Hibs manager , looking ahead to that crucial fixture on Saturday week . ` People will make something of it and what has happened . But , for someone who is so inexperienced , I am not soft . ` My comments are never made to disrespect people . I honestly thought , with our performance , that we played well enough to be in the final . I do n't see anything that is wrong with that . ` Everyone in the press conference room after felt we played well but listen , the facts of the matter are that we 're not in the final . What happened as well , everyone in that press conference witnessed me saying good luck to Falkirk , I did n't see that come out . ` I wished Falkirk all the best and good luck in the final but Peter 's made his comments . He 's a really experienced manager , one that I respect and I 'll take his comments on board about how he scores against us . I 'm obviously learning , this is my first season but I 'm not doing too bad . ` A lack of respect ? Not at all , it was my honest opinion that I felt we had done enough in the game to get into the final . I do n't think anyone would deny that or say I was talking gibberish . ` Our goals-for is the third best in the table , our goals-against is the second best in the table . We have a goal difference that is 27 better than Falkirk 's . When you put that up against a real experienced manager and me being a novice , then I 'm doing okay . ' Stubbs and Falkirk manager Peter Houston shake hands before the match at Hampden Park . You see ? Amid the attempts to play down any ill will , Stubbs ca n't help himself . Houston 's jibe about his Falkirk team scoring all of their goals against Hibs from crosses clearly struck a nerve . Does he have a point ? ` I need to be careful what I say here , ' said Stubbs , who takes his team to Livingston for yet another crucial Championship game tomorrow night . ` I think we all concede goals from crosses . I think if Peter looks at his own team here , they have conceded a lot of goals from crosses as well . ` Whether it is crosses or open play , that 's football . You score goals in different ways . We have scored more than most this season and I wo n't change . But I will take his comments on board . ` It is up to Peter if he wants to state that . I did not say anything about Peter 's team . It 's up to Peter . ` Our relationship in general has been very good . I do n't see why it should change . We are emotional . You say things after games in the heat of the moment , more so now with the Press and TV , when you have a microphone stuck under you straightaway . The Falkirk players celebrate taking the lead against Hibernian in the Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden Park . ` I wo n't change . I still have a lot of respect for Peter and what he has done . He has done a really good job at Falkirk , so no complaints . I do n't think I have said anything different to what most manager say every weekend . ' Despite scoring 60 league goals in 33 games , there have been a number of days when Hibs have felt profligate . Forever wanting to walk the ball in , as their critics would put it , rather than simply having a dig . Insisting he has no concerns despite Saturday 's loss , Stubbs said : ` When you play like that , more often than not you are going to win games of football . You do n't rely on a bit of luck because you are performing well . ` I will take the team playing like that every day of the week because I know they will win games of football . On Saturday it just was not to be , that 's cup football . Sometimes it goes in your favour , sometimes it does n't . Saturday was one of those times when it did n't go in our favour . ` On Saturday , I felt momentum building . Scott Allan was top drawer for a period in the second half . He nearly won it by himself . That is why we are disappointed , players like that , you 'd like to see them in showcase finals , to show their talents . But it was not to be . They will have another opportunity . '