Poundland has been been forced to pull decorative plastic Easter Eggs from their shelves over fears children may choke - because they look like Cadbury Mini Eggs . Trading Standards officials in Buckinghamshire and Surrey raised the alarm over the Chinese made decorations , as they were ` likely to contravene food imitation safety rules ' . The eggs have now been withdrawn nationwide ahead of the Easter break . Scroll down for video . Poundland has been been forced to pull decorative plastic Easter Eggs from their shelves over fears they may choke - because they look like Cadbury Mini Eggs -LRB- pictured is the Poundland version -RRB- . The eggs bear a striking similarity to the sugar-coated chocolate treats with a brown ` speckle ' designed to make it look like a quail 's egg -LRB- Cadbury Mini Eggs are pictured -RRB- . The eggs bear a striking similarity to the sugar-coated chocolate treats with a brown ` speckle ' designed to make it look like a quail 's egg . Steve Playle , Investigations and Enforcement Manager at Buckinghamshire and Surrey Trading Standards , said : ` These products could very easily be mistaken for Cadbury Mini Eggs by young children and swallowed leading to dire consequences . A real Cadbury mini egg -LRB- left -RRB- is seen against a decorative plastic egg from Poundland . Steve Playle , Investigations and Enforcement Manager at Buckinghamshire and Surrey Trading Standards , said : ` These products could very easily be mistaken for Cadbury Mini Eggs by young children and swallowed leading to dire consequences ' -LRB- Poundland version pictured -RRB- . ` They could be particularly difficult to remove if lodged in a child 's throat because they are made of polystyrene and could mould to the shape of their airway making them difficult to remove in an emergency . ` We welcome the actions of Poundland in taking a potentially dangerous product off the shelves and would urge any parent who has already purchased a pack to keep it away from children . ` Parents should also be wary of similar products being offered for sale over the Easter period at other stores or online . '