Former Manchester United midfielder Quinton Fortune claims Neymar looked a shadow of his former self during Barcelona 's slender 1-0 La Liga win over Celta Vigo . Barcelona ensured they remained four points clear of title rivals Real Madrid by scrapping to a hard-fought victory over mid-table outfit Celta Vigo . However despite the win , Fortune insists Barcelona boss Luis Enrique should be concerned by Neymar 's body language during the La Liga encounter . Quinton Fortune claims Neymar looked uncomfortable during Barcelona 's 1-0 win over Celta Vigo . Neymar , pictured with fellow Barcelona superstar Lionel Messi , struggled to impress against Celta Vigo . The Brazilian forward has failed to hit the back of the net in his last four games for Barcelona . Fortune , speaking on Sky Sports , said during the interval of Barcelona 's match at Balaidos : ` Neymar has not been himself for the last couple of weeks . ` You expect Neymar to at least hit the target -LSB- when he shoots at goal -RSB- . His body language does not look right . ' Neymar 's last league goal came against Levante on February 15 and he has failed to hit the back of the net in his last four games in a Barcelona shirt . Fortune , who himself played in Spain during his time at Mallorca and Atletico Madrid in the 1990s , went on to praise Barcelona for having a plan B when it came to breaking down Celta Vigo 's resilient defence . Jeremy Mathieu -LRB- right -RRB- heads home in the 73rd minute to hand Barcelona a 1-0 lead against Celta Vigo . Celta Vigo goalkeeper Alvarez Conde -LRB- right -RRB- is unable to stop the powerful header from Mathieu . He added : ` The win is very important for the whole team . It was a bit of quality . That is what happens when you do not score against Barcelona when you are on top . ` Barcelona have been playing nice football for years but it seems like they are now capable of scoring from set pieces . ` Barcelona are not playing well and still getting results . They did the same thing against Real Madrid because I thought Madrid were the better side but they have the know-how . ' Enrique 's side claimed all three points thanks to a close-range bullet header by Jeremy Mathieu in the 73rd minute . Gerard Pique -LRB- right -RRB- and Sergio Busquets join the French defender in celebrating Mathieu 's second-half goal .