A majority of the public does not want Camilla to become queen if Prince Charles succeeds to the throne , a poll for the Daily Mail reveals today . And the nation is completely split on whether Charles should become king at all . Only 43 per cent believe he should ascend to the throne compared with an almost identical number saying he should stand aside in favour of his elder son Prince William . William and Prince Harry are the most popular members of the Royal Family , closely followed by the Queen and the Duchess of Cambridge . Scroll down for video . A majority of the British public does not want to Camilla -LRB- left -RRB- to become Queen if the Prince of Wales -LRB- right -RRB- succeeds to the throne , a Daily Mail poll reveals . Four out of ten people think Prince Charles should give up his right to be king so the crown passes straight to William -LRB- pictured with his wife , the Duchess of Cambridge -RRB- . Prince Andrew languishes at the bottom of the popularity table , with his brother Edward not far ahead . Camilla and Andrew are the only two royals who are more disliked than liked , according to the poll . Despite courtiers ' efforts to have Camilla accepted into the nation 's hearts , 55 per cent are against the Duchess of Cornwall becoming queen when her husband becomes king . This is down from 73 per cent opposition at the time of her wedding to Charles in April 2005 , but shows she has yet to win over most of the country . However , she is no longer regarded as the main culprit for the break-up of Charles 's marriage to Princess Diana . The prince himself is held most to blame by 39 per cent , followed by Diana on 13 per cent and Camilla on 12 per cent . There is still great affection for Diana , who died in a Paris car crash 18 years ago , with a substantial majority saying she would have made a better queen than Camilla . Intriguingly , the younger generation is most attached to her even though many of them were not old enough to remember her when she was alive . Among 18 to 24-year-olds , two out of three would have preferred Diana to be queen , while only 3 per cent backed Camilla . Charles 's wedding to Camilla divided the country at the time , and ten years on people remain uncertain about its wider significance for the Royal Family . Fifteen per cent said the marriage had strengthened the monarchy but 24 per cent believed it had weakened it ; just over half felt it had no impact . Camilla , 67 , was once reviled as the woman whose love affair with Charles , 66 , destroyed his relationship with Diana , who was 36 when she died in 1997 . Prince William and his son George . Four out of ten people say Prince Charles should give up his right to be king so the crown passes straight to William . Britain is evenly split on the question of whether Charles should succeed to the throne when the Queen dies , the poll reveals . William has the female vote , with 43 per cent of women saying he should be the next monarch compared to 37 per cent of men . Young people are also much more likely to favour the Duke of Cambridge as king , with 53 per cent of 18 to 24-year-olds urging his father to step aside . But 43 per cent of the public back Charles to take over from his mother , with a clear majority of over-55s wanting him as Britain 's next monarch . The findings suggest that support for the Prince of Wales to wear the crown may actually have dipped slightly in the past decade . In 2005 a survey found that 53 per cent of people thought he should be king despite his marriage to Camilla , and 43 per cent said he should not . The Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall outside St George 's Chapel , Windsor after their civil wedding in 2004 . Senior officials at Clarence House have nurtured the duchess 's image with carefully chosen public appearances . She has won widespread praise for her charity work , dedication to attending royal functions around the country and emergence as a style icon for older women . The Duchess of Cornwall is patron or president of 85 charities , and has undertaken nearly 1,700 royal engagements in Britain and more than 600 abroad since 2005 . Yet the survey reveals how Camilla 's past continues to affect how she is perceived . Just over a third said they had grown to like her more over the past decade , and nearly two-thirds thought Charles was happier with her than he ever was with Diana . Prince Andew languishes at the bottom of the popularity table . But only a quarter felt the Duchess of Cornwall had been a good influence on the Royal Family , and a similar proportion argued that her marriage to the prince had ` stained ' the royals ' reputation . Four in ten say Charles should give up his right to be king so the crown passes straight to William . Among those aged 18 to 24 , that figure rises to 53 per cent . But overall 43 per cent of the public back Charles to take over from his mother , with a clear majority of over-55s wanting him as the next monarch . Support for the monarchy itself remains very high , with the 88-year-old Queen and the younger royals -- William , Harry and Kate -- hugely popular . By contrast , Prince Andrew was least popular , with only 30 per cent liking him . Charles , Prince Philip and Princess Anne were ranked in the middle . Only 19 per cent would back turning Britain into a republic , although the figure rises to 36 per cent in Scotland , perhaps a by-product of the SNP 's unsuccessful independence campaign last year . Charles , who is said to favour a ` slimmed down ' monarchy , will be buoyed by the finding that 56 per believe that the royals should be reduced to the Queen 's immediate family only . By law Camilla will automatically become Queen Consort when Charles is king , but privately officials continue to debate whether she should use a lesser title to avoid controversy . The official position has been that she intends to be known as Princess Consort , but in recent years Camilla and Charles have dropped a number of hints that they would like her to be queen . Asked in 2010 whether his wife would take the title , Charles replied : ` We 'll see , wo n't we ? That could be . ' The duchess herself says ` You never know ' when she faces questions about whether she will become queen . Nearly two-thirds of people thought Charles was happier with Camilla than he ever was with Diana -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Princes William and Harry are the most popular members of the royal family , the survey found . Nearly eight out of ten people said they ` liked ' the princes , with the Duchess of Cambridge and the Queen receiving similarly high ratings . Women were significantly more likely to approve of the younger royals -- 84 per cent said they were fans of Prince Harry compared to 75 per cent of men . By contrast , Prince Andrew was the least popular of the royals , with only 30 per cent of respondents saying they liked him . Prince Charles , his father Prince Philip and his sister Princess Anne were ranked in the middle . Camilla divided opinions most sharply . Thirty-four per cent of people said they liked her , but 38 per cent disliked her . The survey did not ask people what they thought of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge 's son Prince George , who is now nearly two . Princes William and Harry are the most popular members of the royal family .