Picture the scene . You 've just bought a new outfit and you 'd really like a new nail polish to co-ordinate with it . Or perhaps you 've picked up a dress for a party the same night and it needs more of a glitzy make-up look than usual . Now , you no longer need to hotfoot it to the department store or chemist to stock up on make-up -- because fashion retailers have got in on the beauty act . Fashion retailers have started to get in on the beauty act with plenty of shops now offering their own make-up ranges as well as clothing . From Marks and Spencer to Primark , they 're all at it , flogging foundation and lippy alongside frocks and leggings . But are any of them worth splashing your cash on ? Claire Coleman put some of the biggest fashion beauty brands to the test ... Topshop Beauty . The High Street giant has all of this season 's beauty looks , from a rainbow of nail polishes -LRB- £ 6 -RRB- to Lip Ombre -LRB- £ 9 -RRB- -- sets of two cream-to-powder formulation lip colours to be worn in tandem -LRB- caution : lips must be very well moisturised -RRB- . The Foundation -LRB- £ 16 -RRB- was a rather pleasant surprise . It has a good amount of silicone , so slides on easily , and coverage is smooth -- but there are only four shades and the dropper applicator is a bit of a gimmick . Topshop Beauty 's eye shadow -LRB- top left and right -RRB- creates an iridescent shimmer and the Lunar colour is perfect for a smokey eye while the High Street giant also stocks a wide range of nail polish and lip colour . Star buy : Mono Eye Shadow -LRB- £ 5 -RRB- . Do n't be put off by their initial glittery appearance . Once on , they 're not nearly as sparkly , with more of an iridescent shimmer . Lunar , a purplish black , is perfect for a smokey eye . Do n't bother with : Concealer -LRB- £ 10 -RRB- . The pump bottle dispenses more than you need . It covers well , but the result is flat , with not enough luminescence to brighten the under-eye area . Next Make Me Beautiful . This collection , in its chunky silver and transparent packaging , was a real surprise . With everything from Confetti Effects Nail Colour -LRB- £ 4 -RRB- to Eye Shadow Quads -LRB- £ 7.50 -RRB- , which can be used wet or dry , in elegant , wearable shades , there 's something for everyone . But I wish they would n't package stuff together , like the Face Primer and Face Illuminator -LRB- £ 20 for both -RRB- -- the former has too much silicone and feels greasy , while the latter has a subtle glow to wear alone or under foundation . Next 's Make Me Beautiful Matte Lip Colour -LRB- pictured -RRB- is moisturising with tonnes of pigment and almost matches up to Charlotte Tilbury 's Red Carpet Red lip colour . Star buy : Matte Lip Colour -LRB- £ 8 or £ 20 for three -RRB- . I loved the Classic Red almost as much as Charlotte Tilbury 's Red Carpet Red , which is miles more expensive . Moisturising and with tonnes of pigment , just blot and reapply to get a bit more staying power . Do n't bother with : Sheer Chubby Stick -LRB- £ 8 -RRB- -- it was greasy and a bit disappointing . Primark P.S. Love . It 's bargain basement and , on the whole , it looks it , feels it -- and smells it . The range is all either synthetically sweet or a bit plasticky . I worry even pre-teens would turn their noses up at this . But if you absolutely had to go straight from Primark to a party , had no make-up and only £ 5 to spend , it would do . Just . The Matte Long Last Lipstick -LRB- £ 1.50 -RRB- looked a bit chalky , but I liked the chubby brush on the Volumising Ultra Mascara -LRB- £ 2 -RRB- , even if it was a bit clumpy . Star buy : Stick Foundation -LRB- £ 2 -RRB- . I would n't use this as my everyday foundation , but I 'd definitely keep it in my handbag for on-the-go touch-ups . It feels a bit greasy , but the coverage is decent and the finish is matte enough not to require powder . Do n't bother with : Kohl Eyeliner -LRB- £ 1.50 -RRB- . It comes in innovative , twist-up packaging , like a lipstick . But there 's no way of sharpening the point , and it has zero staying power -LRB- unlike the Liquid Liner , £ 1 , which , once dry , does n't budge -RRB- . Marks & Spencer Autograph . The sleek , black and glossy packaging feels substantial and very Bobbi Brown in style . But then , at £ 6 for a nail varnish and £ 10 for a lipstick , this is the most expensive of the brands I tried . Its formulations are good . The Matte Velvet Lipstick -LRB- £ 10 -RRB- is moisturising , with a matte -- but not flat -- finish , while the Ultra Rich Twist Up Lips -LRB- £ 9.50 -RRB- are a cut-price version of Clinique 's famous Chubby Sticks . Marks and Spencer Autograph Pure Luxe Powder Bronzer -LRB- pictured -RRB- has a great , buildable colour with a slight shimmer but no sparkle . These have decent staying power -- even if they do only come in four shades . On the downside , for a brand that targets the older consumer , there 's a lot of sparkle in their eye shadows . Star buy : Pure Luxe Powder Bronzer -LRB- £ 15 -RRB- . A lovely , moulded bronzer that looks a little Bottega Veneta in style . Great , buildable colour with slight shimmer , but no sparkle . Do n't bother with : Neverending Lashes Lengthening Mascara , -LRB- £ 10 -RRB- . The absurdly long wand and very thin brush gave little control -- I ended up daubing it on my eyebrows ! New Look Pure Colour . If you 're not a teenager , you probably wo n't be shopping in New Look -- and , on the whole , its make-up range reflects that . The Baked Eye Shadows -LRB- £ 3.99 -RRB- are as heavy on glitter as they are on pigment , while the packaging is inelegant . New Look 's Pure Colour nail polishes -LRB- pictured -RRB- come in a range of great colours , go on evenly and dry really quickly while the Baked Highlighter Powder in Gold gives skin a beautiful sheen . But the brushes -LRB- from £ 1.99 -RRB- are n't bad , and do n't moult like many cheap brushes do . Also the Matte Lipstick -LRB- £ 3.99 -RRB- is n't drying and , while theb comes with more of a cocktail stick applicator than a brush , once applied it stays put . Star buy : I was torn between the Matte Nail Polishes -LRB- £ 2.99 -RRB- , which come in plenty of great colours that go on evenly and dry really quickly , and the Baked Highlighter Powder in Gold -LRB- £ 4.99 -RRB- , which gives skin a beautiful , almost soft-focus , sheen . Do n't bother with : Pure Volume Volumising Mascara -LRB- £ 4.99 -RRB- . It comes out of the tube thick and cloggy -- and goes on thick and cloggy . One of the worst budget mascaras I 've ever used .