It 's the nation famed for its gastronomy which gave birth to haute cuisine and the Michelin Guide . But almost three quarters of all dishes served in French bistros , brasseries and cafes are shipped in from a factory and microwaved , according to a top restaurateur . Xavier Denamur sparked fury after he exposed France as a country of microwave cheats and even went as far as to compare it as being the culinary equivalent of a low-cost airline . Xavier Denamur sparked fury after he exposed France as a country of microwave cheats and even went as far as to compare chefs ' corner-cutting as being the culinary equivalent of a low-cost airline . ` The microwave has become the chef 's best friend , ' he told The Times . Unesco has named France 's ` gastronomic meal ' a world treasure and the country still welcomes more tourists than any other nation . But there are signs that its crown as the world 's culinary king has been slipping for some time . Last year , the country that gave us the croissant , coq au vin and moules mariníères , as well as introducing the concept of L'apéritif , did not get a single entry in to the top ten of the World 's 50 Best Restaurant Awards . Xavier Denamur has claimed that almost three quarters of all meals served in French bistros , brasseries and cafes are shipped in from a factory and microwaved . Instead the list was dominated by Spain , the UK , USA , Brazil with Denmark as number one , with only five French restaurants making it into the awards at all . The French government was so concerned they called on two multi-Michelin-starred chefs to draw up battle plans . But even chefs Alain Ducasse and Guy Savoy , who have now put together a 20-point plan , admitted that France 's global culinary influence ` is no longer the same ' . They added that France 's mid-to-low range restaurants , particularity in tourist traps like Mont Saint Michel or the banks of the Seine , let the country down . The chefs recommended stricter criteria should also be introduced on food with the ` home-made ' label in restaurants which currently allows most frozen and vacuum-packed food . A survey by catering union Synhorcat in 2014 suggested 31 per cent of restaurants -LRB- not including cafeterias , bars and fast food outlets -RRB- used industrially prepared foods . But Mr Denamur , who revealed the trade secrets in his book Et si on se mettait enfin a table ? -LRB- And if We Sat Down to Eat at Last ? -RRB- claimed the figures were as high as seven in ten dishes served in cafes , brasseries and bistros were made in a factory and re-heated . In his book he said the dominant low cost model imposed by the ` greedy ' producers of frozen food has ` trapped independent restaurants and sacked the planet . ' Last year the French government passed a law which was meant to force restaurants to label the dishes they prepare from fresh ingredients in their own kitchens as ` fait maison ' -LRB- homemade -RRB- . But ministers have been forced to admit that the law had failed as diners had little faith in the new label . Commerce minister Carole Delga said the scheme was meant to promote traditional cooking and those establishments that cook from scratch . A survey by catering union Synhorcat in 2014 suggested 31 per cent of restaurants -LRB- not including cafeterias , bars and fast food outlets -RRB- used industrially prepared foods -LRB- stock picture -RRB- . A new law to try and promote freshly made dishes has been criticised as chefs are still able to buy in read-made ingredients . She claimed the fait maison logo would ` allow all , at a glance , to distinguish food that has been assembled from industrially prepared elements from cuisine created from raw produce ' . But the new law was criticised for not going far enough as restaurants were still able to use ingredients such as factory-made pastry and claim the food was homemade . Mr Denamur , who starred in République de Malbouffe -LRB- Republic of Junk Food -RRB- , a documentary investigating the state of French food said he had been ` bitterly disappointed ' by the label . ` I chop all my steak tartare to order , but someone who buys it in , vacuum packed in a controlled atmosphere , where it might have come from 10 different cows , can call theirs fait maison too . It 's ridiculous , ' he told the Guardian last year . ` If you ca n't make the base for a sauce , do n't make one . Do n't use an industrial one -- that 's not real cooking , it 's not fait maison . ' Mrs Delga has now pledged to tighten up the rules around the law . Star chefs Alain Ducasse -LRB- right -RRB- and Guy Savoy -LRB- left -RRB- will be putting together a 20-point plan for the ` gastrono-diplomacy ' report to try and repair France 's reputation . The rising cost of raw materials and staff may be partly to blame for putting cooking from scratch beyond the reach of many restaurants . A traditional boeuf bourguignon costs as much as 7.50 Euros to produce , according to the restaurateur who owns four French bistros . It is often much cheaper for chefs to simply buy frozen ingredients and ready-made dishes from industrial producers such as Transgourmet , Métro , Brake or Davigel . Last month , the French ministry launch the Good France project which saw 1,000 chefs of different nationalities serve French food and wine in restaurants and embassies across five continents as part of its national ` gastrono-diplomacy ' drive . The elaborate four course meals aimed to emulate those of celebrated 19th century cook and culinary ambassador Georges August Escoffier .