What if someone took your greatest insecurities and body image fears , and voiced them out loud ? Known for its empowering campaigns and championing of real women , Dove has taken a more brutal approach in its latest advertisement . Showing the harsh criticism that women regularly heap upon themselves , Dove decided to see what would happen when somebody else said those things , to their faces . Scroll down for video . For the new One Beautiful Thought ad campaign , Dove asked a group of women to write down every thought they had about themselves . The women filled in a notebook each , and handed it back to Dove . Unbeknownst to the women , those negative remarks and self-body shaming were turned into a script . Created in France , Dove asked a group of women - all beautiful and impeccably chic - to write down every thought they had about themselves in a notebook . The beauty brand then took the notes away with them . Unbeknownst to the women , those criticisms , negative remarks and tirades of self body-shaming were turned into a script . What happened next , shocked them all . Dove recruited two undercover actresses to read the script , created using the notes each of the women made about themselves , while they were all within earshot . Their reactions were priceless . The comments featured in the actresses ' scripted dialogue were harsh , cutting and bordering on bullying . Played out by two actresses , the script was read aloud as dialogue in a cafe , where the women themselves had been invited for coffee . In the experiment set up by Dove , the women heard the actresses repeat their own thoughts to each other , out loud . Making for a shocking scene , the script , which contained nothing but the original notes , was cutting to say the least . One woman felt insecure about her teeth , noting that she thought they made her look like a mouse . When the actresses repeated the insecurity out loud , while sitting on the next table , her shock was obvious . In one scenario , a customer sitting on a nearby table , not involved in the experiment , even intervenes . ` Your arms are too big , your silhouette is all squashed , ' reads one remark written by a woman who looks no bigger than a size eight . ` Sit up straight otherwise your belly looks big , ' the same woman continues . Several of the women 's messages to themselves echo the kind of schoolyard bullying we 'd all frown upon . In one scenario , a customer sitting on a nearby table , not involved in the experiment , even intervened . Several of the women 's messages to themselves echo the kind of schoolyard bullying we 'd all immediately frown upon . ` With your little baby teeth you look like a mouse , ' says one . While another , ` your face looks like a bulldog , ' when said out loud underlines the way many women effectively bully themselves every single day . Visibly shocked by the comments , the women recognise the dialogue as their own notes . ` I hope my daughter never speaks to herself like that , ' says one , moved to tears by the shock of the experiment . Visibly shocked by the comments , the women recognise the dialogue as their own notes . ` I hope my daughter never speaks to herself like that , ' says one . While another concedes , ` yes that 's what I say to myself all day long . Now , I get how violent it is ! ' Many of the comments written in the notebooks , when said out loud , underline the way lots of women are effectively bullying themselves every single day , by focusing on their insecurities and never their beauty . If you would n't speak so harshly to a friend , why do it to yourself ? The One Beautiful Thought campaign is yet another in Dove 's line of powerful videos , which all aim to encourage women to be kinder to themselves and each other . The One Beautiful Thought campaign is yet another in Dove 's line of powerful videos . Ahead of the 2015 Academy Awards in February , the beauty brand teamed up with Twitter to create the #SpeakBeautiful video . Aired during the pre-Oscars show , the short clip championed the message , ` let 's change the way we talk about beauty on Twitter , after revealing that last year women sent over five million negative tweets about body image .