Residents living yards from the scene of the £ 60million Hatton Garden heist have revealed how they were hit by ` peculiar ' power cuts on the weekend before the daring crime . They also claim to have heard ` drilling ' noises on the evening of Good Friday , but thought at the time that this was simply a continuation of road works that had been taking place in recent weeks . Meanwhile it has also been alleged that the thieves returned a day after the initial robbery in central London to steal more loot after becoming ` greedy ' . Scroll down for video . Arrival : Two members of the criminal gang , with their faces obscured , can be seen entering the building . Leaving the area : Later on , they exit the building with wheelies bins thought to be carrying the stolen loot . Scotland Yard admitted last week that an alarm first went off at the scene after midnight on Good Friday , but it was graded as ` no police response was deemed to be required ' . Residents on Greville Street - near the scene close to Farringdon station - say they had suspicious power outages a full week before the heist , which they now think could be linked . Farhana Begum , 19 , who lives in a flat just a ten-second walk from the raided premises , added : ` My mum actually heard drilling on the -LSB- Good -RSB- Friday night , it was probably about 9 pm or 9.30 pm . ` But there had been road works , or construction work , going on in the street for the last couple of weeks , so she thought that they may have been working late . Protection : One of the gang members carries a large plastic bag past the camera to help obscure his face . Vehicle : A white transit van used to transport the gang and their loot pulls away from outside the building . ` But she did think it was quite weird that they would be drilling at that time . Also , about two weeks ago , so the weekend before it happened , there was an electrical cut . ' Miss Begum added : ` It was over that weekend , so before the Holborn fire -LSB- under Kingsway on April 1 -RSB- as well . It happened on either the Friday or the Saturday , it was just a bit peculiar . ' Career criminal : Noel ` Razor ' Smith , who has 58 convictions and spent 32 years in prison , said the group was likely brought together by a ` Mr Big ' Another local resident , data scientist John Han , 26 , said : ` We heard some type of loud noise which woke us up . It was late at night on the Friday or Saturday . I ca n't remember which . ` I heard some type of noise . I 'm not sure what it was , but I thought they were just doing road works in the street again . But I did think to myself why would somebody be doing road works at that time ? ' Former bank robber Noel ` Razor ' Smith - who was responsible for more than 200 bank robberies during his criminal career - believes the group made an unplanned return to the scene after their initial break-in when they realised their robbery had not been discovered . Mr Smith , speaking after having analysed video footage of the raid , told The Daily Mirror the organised criminals would be aware of the huge risk involved in returning for more spoils , but the rewards outweighed the danger . On Saturday night , police released dramatic CCTV images of the raid in the hope of a breakthrough in the investigation . The pictures show the robbers at work over several days as they take part in the raid on the basement packed with security boxes in London 's diamond district . Described as ` highly audacious ' by Metropolitan Police detectives , the men - wearing Adidas tracksuits , builders ' hats and high-visibility jackets - were captured entering the building through a side exit , before leaving hours later with a wheelie bin full of jewels . The gang is thought to have hidden in an office before abseiling down a lift shaft and drilling into a vault . The group left the jewellers on Good Friday after having first appeared on camera the day before . But one of the thieves then reappeared on camera late Saturday night - a move Mr Smith described as a ` huge risk ' . Saturday , March 28 . Thursday , April 2 . Friday , April 3 . Saturday , April 4 . Sunday , April 5 . Tuesday , April 7 . Mr Smith told reporter David Collins , writing for the Daily Mirror : ` He could be out the country by now spending the rest of his life a very rich man . Instead he 's come back for more . ` I do n't think this was part of the plan . But criminals are greedy . ' Mr Smith went on to state the raid was likely organised by a ` Mr Big ' who organised an elite crew made up of Europeans and Israelis , unknown to each other , acting on his inside information . CCTV shows the gang of at least six men breaking into a basement side door at the Hatton Garden Safe Deposit Ltd building . It is now known they then took stairs to the second floor , disabled a lift and abseiled down the shaft to get to the vault , avoiding security doors . The footage is from the bottom of a fire escape by the basement side door . At 9.23 pm on the Thursday , just minutes after employees left for the Easter bank holiday weekend , a red-haired man wearing a baseball cap was the first to arrive and headed downstairs to the vault . A street camera then picked up a white Ford Transit van drawing up outside and men were seen dragging wheelie bins away before the van left . The men , wearing high-visibility jackets and hard hats , carried large holdalls and dragged the wheelie bins downstairs towards the vault . It is thought that one of the bins contained the 77 lb drill used to bore through the 6ft-thick vault wall . On Good Friday , at 7.51 am the raiders emerged through the basement side door with holdalls , tools and the bins , now believed to be filled with diamonds , cash and jewellery . The van was seen pulling up again before the men loaded it and drove off . At 10.17 pm on Saturday , the cameras showed three of the men returning with holdalls and tool boxes . From 5.46 am on Sunday , the gang went back and forth four times with a wheelie bin from the vault to the van . They then loaded up the van and drove off at 6.44 am . In total , 72 safety deposit boxes were opened out of 999 boxes in the vault . Possible identities suggested for the thieves have ranged from Russian gangsters to former Serbian military personnel , or that they are part of the ` Pink Panther Gang ' from the Balkans . Scotland Yard was branded as ` incompetent ' last week after admitting it got a call at 0.20 am on the Friday from a company who monitors alarms across the South East , but instead of acting on it , deemed it ` no police response required ' . A police spokesman said : ` The call stated that a confirmed intruder alarm had been activated at the Hatton Garden Safe Deposit Ltd. . ` The call was recorded and transferred to the police 's -LRB- computer -RRB- system . A grade was applied to the call that meant that no police response was deemed to be required . ' He added : ` We are now investigating why this grade was applied to the call . This investigation is being carried out locally . It is too early to say if the handling of the call would have had an impact on the outcome of the incident . ' In response to whether officers had spoken to residents about the power cuts and ` drilling ' noises , a police spokesman declined to comment . Meanwhile , a Ukip candidate who is under investigation for handing out sausage rolls to voters has revealed that he may have lost valuables in the Hatton Garden burglary . Kim Rose , a jeweller who is standing in the Southampton Itchen constituency in Hampshire , had a box at the safe deposit hit in the raid . The 58-year-old made headlines last week when it emerged that police want to question him after a report that he tried to woo potential voters with refreshments at a party event . Mr Rose is still waiting to hear whether his was among 72 boxes which were taken in the burglary and will be interviewed by police tomorrow morning over the sausage roll claims . WHERE WERE THE GANG FROM ? Speculation over the gang 's origin has been feverish . Possible identities put forward have ranged from former Serbian military personnel to Russian gangsters , or that they are members of the so-called Pink Panther Gang from the Balkans , who have carried out robberies across Europe . However , the Pink Panthers have been violent and aggressive in the past , which was not the case here . AN ACCOMPLICE ON THE INSIDE ? The men reached the fire exit through an alley leading from a side street in Hatton Garden , but this alley is protected by a metal gate and the raiders would have needed a key . Furthermore , there was no sign of a forced entry through the fire exit door into the company 's premises , indicating they had a key or that someone had let them in from the inside . Another theory is that a member of the gang had rented a space within the premises . LOOT SMUGGLED OUT OF THE COUNTRY ? Some believe the haul was stolen to order for the Middle Eastern market . Whoever their buyer , it is agreed by police , former robbers and crime experts that the gems are likely to have already left the country - and probably very soon after the raid . According to one former robber quoted in a newspaper at the weekend , getting the goods out of the country would be ` a doddle ' . WHAT ABOUT THE ` KING OF DIAMONDS ' ? A criminal mastermind known as the ` King of Diamonds ' was named last week among the prime suspects . The only known picture of the mysterious robber comes from an unsolved raid on a Knightsbridge 's Graff diamond store in 2007 . The Panama hat-wearing raider entered the exclusive shop after jumping out of a chauffeur-driven Bentley . He and an accomplice then pulled out guns and made off with £ 13million worth of jewellery .