Hannah McWhirter -LRB- pictured -RRB- engaged in the threesome with a co-worker and her husband but when her boyfriend found out said she was raped . A woman accused a married couple of rape after her boyfriend found out she had a threesome with them in a Travelodge hotel room . Hannah McWhirter , 21 , of Banff , Aberdeenshire , engaged in the ménage a trois with co-worker Dionne Clark and her husband Shaun in July 2013 . She even exchanged texts with the couple after their threesome telling them how much she enjoyed herself . But when Mr Clark told the John Lewis department store worker 's boyfriend about their hookup she claimed she had been raped . McWhirter appeared at Aberdeen Sheriff Court yesterday where she admitted wasting police time with false rape claims . Fiscal depute Elaine Ward said the accused had become close friends with Mrs Clark , 29 , after starting work in the same shop in January 2013 . The court heard that over time Mrs Clark introduced McWhirter to her husband Shaun , 35 . Mrs Ward said : ` Both Mr and Mrs Clark and the accused spent a lot of time together socially and exchanged texts and other media messages on a daily basis . ` The nature of their relationship became more intimate and in June 2013 they discussed having a threesome and booking a hotel for that purpose . ' The court heard that on July 13 the three met up in a Travelodge in Aberdeen while McWhirter 's boyfriend was on a night out , oblivious to what was going on . Mrs Ward said : ` On the following day the accused and Mrs Clark exchanged several text messages saying that they had enjoyed the previous night . ' The fiscal depute said McWhirter and the Clarks continued to meet socially and appeared ` happy ' in each other 's company . McWhirter accused co-worker Dionne Clark and husband Shaun -LRB- pictured -RRB- of rape following the threesome . The court heard the three met up in a Travelodge in Aberdeen while McWhirter 's boyfriend was on a night out . But the relationship started to deteriorate after McWhirter took a day to respond to a text from Mrs Clark about being admitted to hospital . Bosses at their work later found out about the incident but McWhirter denied that the threesome had happened during a meeting in September 2013 . The court heard that a month later things took a turn for the worst . Mrs Ward said : ` On October 11 , the accused 's boyfriend was standing outside her place of work when Mr Clark advised him of the threesome and showed him text messages from the accused . ` This later resulted in the accused being confronted by her boyfriend . ` She initially denied that the incident had taken place , then admitted it but said it was forced . ' The court heard their relationship ended and McWhirter returned to live with her mother - continuing to claim that the Clarks had raped her . McWhirter has now admitted wasting police time and rendering Mr and Mrs Clark -LRB- pictured on their wedding day -RRB- to suspicion under the sexual offences act between October 13 and November 14 2013 . Police then began investigating her claims . McWhirter claimed she had been on a night out with friends before bumping into Mr and Mrs Clark . Mrs Ward said : ` She stated that at the end of the night she had to use the bathroom so went to their hotel room and then gave police details of a forcible rape . ' The Clarks were interviewed under caution by police on October 16 . However McWhirter 's friends did not back up her night out story . After further mobile phone analysis took place in November 2013 , McWhirter admitted she had been a willing participant . Yesterday she admitted wasting police time and rendering Mr and Mrs Clark to suspicion under the sexual offences act between October 13 and November 14 , 2013 . Sheriff Graham Buchanan deferred sentence until next month for the preparation of reports . McWhirter , who was released on bail , wept as she left the dock yesterday .