Your wedding is fast approaching and , as a last hurrah , you decide to celebrate in the most extravagant way possible - with a trip to ` Space Vegas ' . Here even a ` poor space miner can maybe strike it lucky at the zero-g roulette tables ' . That 's the fantastic future imagined by one artist , whose awe-inspiring drawings of a next-generation space station in orbit reveal what space travel may one day look like . Taking one of several imaginative space planes , in this future timeline you 'll be partying to your heart 's content in an orbital extravaganza . Concept artist Alex Brady from Cambridge has created beautiful pictures of what space travel might look like . He imagines a space station of tomorrow similar to Las Vegas -LRB- shown in image -RRB- , with neon lights and plenty of attractions . The images were created by concept artist Alex Brady , 32 , from Cambridge in the UK , who normally works on video games and movies . But for these drawings he decided to try his hand at imagining what the future of space travel might look like . A space settlement would be a large structure , comparable in size to a town or small city , built in Earth orbit . It would have similar amenities and services to towns and cities on Earth , and would enable people to live in space . The ISS currently houses six astronauts at a time , but a space settlement would have hundreds or thousands of people on board . Future space settlements may also have artificial gravity by rotating around an axis . ` It 's inspired by super yachts docking at the casino marinas in Monaco , as well as Macao and of course Las Vegas , ' he told MailOnline . ` I liked the kind of trashy , flashy future in movies like The Fifth Element . ` They 're absolutely preposterous but also cheerful and dynamic and irreverent . ' In the main image of Space Vegas , a fantastic array of colours and attractiosn can be seen , including a Ferris wheel and a lit-up cowboy . Several spacecraft docked at the space station can also be seen , based on similar designs for space planes . It is located in orbit around Earth , allowing planes to seemingly take off from Earth and then return to the planet with relative ease . The cone-shaped space station is also shown in a state of partial completion , with space planes again making the journey from the ground . ` It 's inspired by super yachts docking at the casino marinas in Monaco , as well as Macao and of course Las Vegas -LSB- pictured -RSB- , ' artist Alex Brady , 32 , told MailOnline . ` I liked the kind of trashy , flashy future in movies like The Fifth Element ' The station is located in orbit around Earth , allowing planes to seemingly take off from Earth and then return to the planet with relative ease . The cone-shaped space station is also shown in a state of partial completion , with space planes again making the journey from the ground . The strange and twisted shapes , seen here , resemble future structures and spacecraft . The cylindrical design would allow the space station to rotate and provides its inhabitants with artificial gravity . And Mr Brady has also given his take on how humans might get into orbit in the future on a variety of space planes . These are commonly known as single-stage-to-orbit -LRB- SSTO -RRB- vehicles , as they could take off from a runway and land back on Earth without having to use an expendable rocket - like the Space Shuttle had to . His designs incorporate efforts from Europe , the US and India . And such imaginings are n't that far-fetched ; Esa recently tested its unmanned IXV -LRB- Intermediate Experimental Vehicle -RRB- spacecraft . Mr Brady has also given his take on how humans might get into orbit in the future on a variety of space planes . These planes are commonly known as single-stage-to-orbit -LRB- SSTO -RRB- vehicles , as they could take off from a runway and land back on Earth without having to use an expendable rocket - like the Space Shuttle had to . But when it comes to space stations , Mr Brady says his designs are a little different and more free-form than others that have been devised . ` I tend to think space stations are usually depicted in a rather austere way , like in the amazing sequences in 2001 : A Space Odyssey , ' he said . ` I do n't like to second guess Stanley Kubrick , he is one of my favourite artists and a genius , but I imagine maybe space cities to be like our cities here on Earth ; cluttered , crowded , busy , a little dysfunctional . ` I think to an extent we like our cities that way . Big but also full of smaller , human details and regional variation . ' He adds that these images are n't meant to be taken as a wholly serious look at the future of space travel , but rather ` a light-hearted imagining of the future where even a poor space miner can maybe strike it lucky at the zero-g roulette tables ! ' Mr Brady says his designs are a little different than others that have been devised , such as in 2001 : A Space Odyssey -LRB- image from the movie shown -RRB- . ` I imagine maybe space cities to be like our cities here on Earth ; cluttered , crowded , busy , a little dysfunctional , ' he said . Mr Brady adds that these images are n't meant to be taken as a wholly serious look at the future of space travel . His designs incorporate efforts from Europe , the US and India . And such imaginings are n't that far-fetched ; Esa recently tested its unmanned IXV -LRB- Intermediate Experimental Vehicle -RRB- spacecraft . The images are ` a light-hearted imagining of the future where even a poor space miner can maybe strike it lucky at the zero-g roulette tables ! ' Here we see several spacecraft docked with a space station in orbit , attached by cables .