Last month some of the biggest names in music joined Jay Z for the launch of his premium music streaming service Tidal . But despite all the pomp and circumstance , the app is now floundering at the lower ends of the iOS app store chart . At the time of writing the $ 9.95-a-month -LRB- £ 9.99 -RRB- service ranked at 872 on the overall download chart and 51 in the music category in the US . Scroll down for video . Tidal 's $ 19.99-a-month app -LRB- pictured -RRB- launched in New York on 30 March . Following the launch the app jumped to 4th place on the iOS music chart but now ranks at 51 in the music category and 872 overall . While in the UK the situation is worse , with the app ranking at 92 in the music app category , and disappearing from the overall app list entirely . By comparison , Pandora radio and Spotify occupy first and second spots respectively when the iOS and Google Play downloads are combined . For iOS only , Pandora is top , Apple 's Garageband is second and Spotify is third . The fall in favour was first spotted by BGR 's Tero Kuittinen and the figures come from App Annie and its Intelligence platform . It is not known why the app has dropped so significantly but the price may be considered too high for some users . Many users who downloaded it and are using it during the trial period may be looking to cancel their subscriptions and uninstall , or alternatively coverage of the app has dropped . The membership-based service - similar to Spotify - offers music and exclusive video content that users can stream on computers , tablets and smartphones or listen to offline . Tidal currently has more than 25 million songs and 75,000 music videos in its library . Tidal is billed as the first artist-owned platform for music and video and the service aims to compete directly with Spotify and Apple 's music service , headed by Dr Dre . Users can pay either $ 9.95 a month for a standard streaming service or $ 19.99 for high quality streaming in the US . The same tiers cost £ 9.99 and £ 19.99 in the UK . Unlike rival Spotify , the service does n't have a free tier - meaning the musicians stand to make more money from it , but this also means it does n't play adverts . Tidal streams at 1,411 kilobytes per second - above the 320 for subscribers of Spotify . During the launch event on 30 March , Rihanna , Madonna , Beyonce , Usher , Daft Punk , Arcade Fire , Jack White and Kanye West joined a host of other stars as they were revealed as co-owners of the subscription service , created by Jay Z. Tidal is billed as the first artist-owned platform for music and video and the service aims to compete directly with Spotify and Apple 's music service , headed by Dr Dre . Tidal users can pay either $ 9.95 a month for a standard streaming service or $ 19.99 for high quality streaming in the US . The same tiers cost £ 9.99 and £ 19.99 in the UK . Unlike rival Spotify , the service does n't have a free tier - meaning the musicians stand to make more money from it , but this also means it does n't play adverts . Tidal does , however , come with a 30-day free trial . At the event , Alicia Keys said the artists hope Tidal will ` forever change the course of music history ' and ensure the viability of the industry . Tidal currently has more than 25 million songs and 75,000 music videos in its library . It can be streamed online , but also comes with an offline mode and playlists can be imported using partner site Soundiiz.com . Tidal is said to stream at 1,411 kilobytes per second , above the 320 for subscribers of Spotify which offers lower levels for free users . While in the UK the situation is worse for Tidal with the app ranking at 92 in the music app category list -LRB- red -RRB- , and falling from the overall app list -LRB- light blue -RRB- entirely as of 22 April . During the launch event Rihanna , Madonna , Beyonce , Usher , Daft Punk , Arcade Fire , Jack White and Kanye West joined a host of other stars as they were revealed as co-owners of the subscription service , created by Jay Z. Tidal is billed as the first artist-owned platform for music and video . By comparison , Pandora Radio -LRB- left -RRB- and Spotify -LRB- right -RRB- occupy first and second spots respectively when the iOS and Google Play downloads are combined . For iOS only , Pandora is top , Apple 's Garageband is in second place and Spotify sits in third place . Streaming - which allows users to play unlimited on-demand music online - has narrowly edged out CD sales in revenues over the last year in the US . Industry leader Spotify said it has 60 million users with 15 million of paying for the Premium service . Spotify already has a range of rivals including US-based Rhapsody and Google Play . Paris-based Deezer is the second largest service with 6 million customers . It is strong in Europe and last year entered the US as a high-end-only service . Following the launch of Tidal , Spotify 's ranking jumped from 20th overall -LRB- red -RRB- to 16th in the US , and on 5 April it went from third on the music app chart to second place before falling again the next day . In the UK it held its number one position on the music chart and rose from 8th place to 7th overall -LRB- blue -RRB- . Tidal has more than 25 million songs and 75,000 music videos in its library -LRB- pictured -RRB- . It can be streamed online but also comes with an offline mode , and playlists can be imported using partner site Soundiiz.com . Tidal is said to stream at 1,411 kilobytes per second , above the 320 for premium subscribers of Spotify . Like Tidal , Deezer 's elite service uses FLAC files which are larger than MP3s . Apple - which pioneered digital music through iTunes in 2001 - is reportedly also looking to launch a new streaming service as the market shifts away from permanent downloads . Apple earlier made a bid for streaming customers by buying Beats Electronics , run by Dr. Dre . Along with the US , Tidal is available in Britain and France and plans to launch later this year in Australia and Germany .