Dallas Cowboys defensive end Greg Hardy has been suspended without pay for 10 games for conduct detrimental to the National Football League . The decision to ban Hardy , who last played for the Carolina Panthers , followed a two-month NFL investigation that started after the dismissal of his domestic violence case in February . Hardy was informed in a letter by NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell that the probe determined there was ` sufficient credible evidence that Hardy engaged in conduct that violated NFL policies in multiple respects . ' Dallas Cowboys defensive end Greg Hardy has been suspended without pay for 10 games . Domestic violence charges against Hardy , who signed with Dallas last month , were abruptly dropped in February after his accuser could not be found to testify . The jury trial for Hardy had been set to begin in Charlotte after he was accused of assaulting his former girlfriend , Nicole Holder , and threatening to kill her . The league 's probe , which involved numerous interviews with witnesses and experts , concluded that Hardy violated the NFL 's personal conduct policy by using physical force against Holder in at least four instances . ` The net effect of these acts was that Ms. Holder was severely traumatized and sustained a range of injuries , including bruises and scratches on her neck , shoulders , upper chest , back , arms and feet , ' Goodell wrote . ` The use of physical force under the circumstances present here , against a woman substantially smaller than you and in the presence of powerful , military-style assault weapons , constitutes a significant act of violence in violation of the Personal Conduct Policy . ' Hardy arrives at Mecklenburg County jail on the first day of his domestic violence appeal trail . Hardy , a 2013 Pro Bowler who played only one game for the Panthers before being suspended last season , was accused of assaulting Holder last May , sending her to the hospital emergency room . The five-year NFL veteran was found guilty by a district court judge in July but appealed the verdict and was allowed to have a jury trial . Prosecutors said when Holder last spoke with them in November , she told them that she ` did not want to participate in another trial . ' Holder had already reached a civil settlement with Hardy , prosecutors said . Hardy may appeal the NFL 's decision within three days . ` You must have no further adverse involvement with law enforcement and must not commit any additional violations of league policies , ' Goodell wrote . ` In that respect , you should understand that another violation of this nature may result in your banishment from the NFL . ' Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .