FC Tokyo forward Yoshinori Muto has admitted that he is still considering whether to join Premier League leaders Chelsea this summer . Earlier this month club president Naoki Ogane claimed that the Blues have made an offer - believed to be around £ 4million - for the Japan international . Chelsea would look to loan Muto to partner club Vitesse Arnhem next season but the 22-year-old is keen to join a club where he will play regularly and realise his potential . FC Tokyo forward Yoshinori Muto has a shot against Shonan Bellmare during a J-League clash . Chelsea have made an offer for Muto according to FC Tokyo president Naoki Ogane . Asked about a potential switch to London this summer after scoring the winner against Shonan Bellmare last week , Muto said : ` I want to think about it carefully . ` Where can I go to develop ? A team that suits me , where I can play and develop . I 'm thinking about that , and for now I just want to take my time and think it through . ' Real Zaragoza boss Ranko Popovic gave Muto his debut for FC Tokyo in July 2013 and he believes the pacey forward could be a big hit at Stamford Bridge . Speaking to Bleacher Report , Popovic said : ` His potential was amazing , I did n't see for a long time such an intelligent player like Muto . He 's a different guy , he 's not such a usual player . ` Muto is something like a noble . He has something different to all other players because he comes from a good family , he has good education , he was at university . A very smart , intelligent guy . He has something which you can not learn . ` He was so fast . So speedy and , for a Japanese guy , so strong . And also so confident . He has a lot of confidence . In our training games Muto always had chances . Amazing . He had 10 or 12 chances in every game . ' Muto says he is still considering a move to Chelsea as he wants to join a club where he will ` play and develop ' Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho had admitted that he is aware of the Japan international . Chelsea signed a £ 200million sponsorship deal with Japanese tyre manufacturer Yokohama Rubber in February and Jose Mourinho has admitted that commercial interests do play a part in the club 's transfer policy . Asked about Muto earlier this month , Mourinho said : ` I know a little about him . I do n't think it is nice for me to talk about a player who plays for FC Tokyo . ` If a FC Tokyo manager talks about my player I would n't be happy.It is not nice for me to speak about other players . ` In modern football and football is a business , an industry , you have to think about the financial situation , especially a club like Chelsea that wants to be in the rules like Financial Fair Play . ` But we want to win matches and do n't get a player unless he is a good player or a good prospect . '