An Oklahoma jury today convicted a 17-year-old of first-degree murder in the shooting death of an Australian college baseball player who was killed while out for a jog . The Stephens County jury found Chancey Allen Luna guilty in the August 16 , 2013 , death of Christopher Lane , who was shot in the back while running along a city street in Duncan . The jury recommended that Luna be sentenced to life in prison without parole . Defense attorneys acknowledged that Luna fired the fatal shot from a passing car that he was riding in , but contended that he meant only to scare Lane . Scroll down fro video . Killer look : Chancey Luna -LRB- left -RRB- , 17 , is led from the courtroom to the jail in shackles and handcuffs after being convicted in the 2013 shooting death of Australian baseball player Christopher Lane -LRB- right -RRB- . Heading for lockup : The jury recommended that Luna be sentenced to life in prison without parole . Belated apology : As he was being led out of the courtroom , Luna told reporters he was ` sorry ' Reckless : Luna 's defense lawyer contended that the teen meant only to scare Lane when he shot at him from a moving car . ` There was no motive , no plan to kill anyone , ' defense attorney Jim Berry said during opening statements . ` This is a reckless action by a 16-year-old child . ' The defense had asked that the jury be allowed to consider a second-degree murder conviction , a request that the judge denied earlier Friday . Second-degree murder would have carried a sentence of 10 years to life in prison . Luna did not testify and the defense called just one witness , Luna 's mother , Jennifer Luna . In her brief testimony , Jennifer Luna said her son lived with her parents after he was born and that his father is in jail . ` I was n't there half the time , ' she said . She also insisted from the witness stand that her boy would never hurt anyone intentionally . ` If my son did it , it was n't on purpose . It was n't meant to be . My son would never intentionally try to hurt somebody at all . ' Dressed in a blue button-down shirt and a striped tie , Chancey Luna was stoned-faced when the jurors announced the guilty verdict . Satisfied : Donna Lane , left , the victim 's mother , was pleased with the verdict , saying in reference to Luna that the ` naughty boy ' will never hurt another family again . Comfort : The family of murdered Melbourne baseball player Chris Lane -LRB- From left -RRB- sister Erin hugs Chris 's girlfriend Sarah Harper -LRB- blonde -RRB- after the US court verdict in Duncan , Friday , April 17 , 2015 . Devastated : Sarah Harper , the girlfriend of the Australian murder victim , arrives for court in the trial of Chancey Luna Friday . Jennifer Luna , Chancey 's mother picture din court Friday , testified that her son would never hurt someone intentionally . However , as he was being led in handcuffs and shackles out of the courtroom , the teenager told a swarm of reporters he was ` sorry . ' Lane 's parents and sister , who had read heartbreaking victim impact statements before the verdict was announced , expressed satisfaction with the outcome of the trial . ` This naughty boy is never going to do this to any other family , ' Donna Lane told the media , according to Sydney Morning News . A co-defendant in the case , James ` Bug ' Edwards Jr. , now 17 , testified that he was a passenger in the car when it swerved toward Lane , and Luna fired the shot . Edwards testified as part of a plea agreement in which a first-degree murder charge against him was reduced to being an accessory after the fact . Parents : Donna Lane , pictured left in court Thursday wiped tears from her face when prosecutors showed jurors a photo of the bloody T-shirt her son was wearing . Jennifer Luna -LRB- right -RRB- said her son lived with her parents and she was not there ` half the time ' The car 's driver , Michael Jones , now 19 , pleaded guilty to second-degree murder as part of a plea bargain , but refused to testify for the prosecution . He is serving a life sentence with the possibility of parole . The doctor who performed the autopsy on Lane testified that even immediate medical attention would not have saved his life . ` Apart from a miracle , no , ' said Dr. Inas Yacoub , a forensic pathologist with the state medical examiner 's office . Yacoub testified that a .22-caliber bullet was recovered from Lane 's body . Star-crossed lovers : Luna and his American girlfriend , Sarah Harper , had returned from a trip to Australia just two days before he was gunned down while out jogging . Torn apart : Lane , from Melbourne , Australia , was visiting his girlfriend , Sarah Harper , and her family in Duncan when he was killed . ` Despite being small , it damaged vital structures and caused significant bleeding , ' Yacoub told jurors , striking two major blood vessels , puncturing both lungs and breaking two ribs . The victim 's mother , Donna Lane , wiped tears from her face when prosecutors showed jurors a photo of the bloody T-shirt her son was wearing . Lane and family members also wept during testimony by witnesses who tried to comfort Lane as he lay dying . Lane , from Melbourne , Australia , was in Oklahoma on a college baseball scholarship . He was a catcher and preparing for his senior year at East Central University in Ada and was visiting his girlfriend and her family in Duncan when he was shot .