Harry Panayiotou has scooped the Barclays Premier League Player of the Month award after impressing for an in-form Leicester City side in March . The striker , 20 , scored three goals , including those in impressive victories against Sunderland and reigning champions Chelsea , and has been chosen ahead of all the players in Division 1 and 2 based on his performance statistics . Panayiotou also netted a hat-trick in his third game for St Kitts and Nevis on international duty , and is looking to make an impression under Nigel Pearson at the King Power Stadium . Sportsmail held an exclusive q & a with the forward after he found out about the accolade . Harry Panayiotou has scooped the Barclays Premier League U21 Player of the Month award for March . Congratulations , Harry . How would you describe your style of play at Leicester ? Hold up play , roll the defender . And I 've got a good burst of acceleration ! Who do you look up to in the first team ? Jeff -LRB- Schlupp -RRB- . I grew up with Jeff so to see him come through the youth ranks , he 's definitely my role model . Do you train with them often ? I do , but not as much as I 'd like to . Your record at Leicester reads one game , one goal . How did that come about ? I was a first year and I scored 20 goals that season . They had nothing to play for -LSB- against Leeds -RSB- so they chucked me up there , and I came on and scored ! How often do you speak to Nigel Pearson ? Not too much this season , he 's a busy guy ! But when he has a chance to come talk to me , he comes and talks to me . Is your goal to make it at Leicester next season , or go out on loan ? I 'm Leicester born and bred and my goal is to make the first team , that 's all I 've ever wanted to do , it 's not about going anywhere else to me . I 'd love for us to stay in the Premier League , and I believe I can handle it . Panayiotou hopes to make Leicester City 's first team in the Premier League and has grown up nearby . How do you relax away from football ? Chill with my friends , I 'm around some really good people . On to that international hat-trick ... how did you get to play for St Kitts ? My mum and grandma are from St Kitts , and my grandma passed away when I was younger - so making the choice to play for them came from the heart . What was the reaction when you came back ? Everyone 's jealous when I go away -LRB- laughs -RRB- , but they were still really happy . U21 manager Steve -LSB- Beaglehole -RSB- could n't stop looking at me for a week ! Where did you play , and what was it like ? Turks and Caicos . It was really hot ! When you go to the Caribbean , you either have to train at 7 am or at night time . The players in the Caribbean are much stronger and really quick , so you have to think quick - that 's all it is . Some of them are n't the best players but they have certainly got a lot of strength so you 've got to adapt to that . Any St Kitts players you would tip to make it ? Romaine Sawyers from Walsall , he 's technically brilliant . I think he 'll get a move this summer because he 's really good . And our captain is doing great with FC Dallas in the MLS right now , Atiba Harris . There 's a few others from England , who could definitely be higher up but they just have n't been seen . Panayiotou posted this picture on Twitter with the caption ` motherland ' while he was away on international duty . Last album you listened to ? I went to the Nicki Minaj concert the other day -LSB- in Nottingham -LSB- so has to be The Pink Print . Last film ? Fast and furious 7 ... emotional to be fair . Last holiday -LRB- apart from your international break ! -RRB- ? Egypt . A player you would tip to make it at Leicester ? Ben Chilwell -LRB- England U19 international -RRB- . Best advice you 've received from a first team player ? I remember Andy King once speaking to me . He said when you come and make an impression , do n't worry about what anyone has to say and just make sure you 're seen . Keep working hard , going to the gym , keep practicing . Best player you 've ever played against ? Sammy Ameobi , he 's got great feet , we played him a tournament a couple of years ago . For how tall he is it 's actually amazing , and his finishing is on point ! What would you be doing if you were n't a footballer ? I 've always seen myself as a footballer . Nothing else . Maybe I 'd be in the Caribbean , it 's just peaceful . The striker battles with Everton 's Ryan Ledson during an Under 21 Premier League game in January . The award has been established to recognise the next generation of players coming through , coinciding with Barclays ' own work to encourage the next generation of fans , which will see thousands of tickets and unique football experiences given away via the Barclays Spirit of the Game website . A winner will be selected every month for the rest of the season , as well as the Barclays Under 21 Premier League Player of the Season being unveiled in May .