Manchester United players Wayne Rooney and David de Gea made the time to meet some sick supporters alongside manager Louis van Gaal on Monday . The trio , along with other squad members such as Ashley Young and Michael Carrick , met the fans at their training complex as part of the Manchester United Foundation ` Dream Day ' . The three United heroes greeted all the supporters in attendance , making time to pose for photographs , chat with them about United 's season so far and sign memorabilia . Louis van Gaal -LRB- left -RRB- and his players met ill supporters on behalf of the Manchester United Foundation . United goalkeeper David de Gea -LRB- left -RRB- and captain Wayne Rooney were in attendance to greet supporters . The Manchester United Foundation says it ` works in some of the most disadvantaged areas across Greater Manchester and uses the passion for Manchester United to educate , motivate and inspire young people . ' The fans who made it to the United 's training ground were clearly overjoyed to have the opportunity to meet Rooney , captain for the club and England . They also took the chance to engage with Van Gaal , who was obviously much more welcoming than he was towards the media after United 's 1-0 loss to Chelsea on Saturday . The Dutchman felt aggrieved at what he perceived to be a foul on Falcao by John Terry in the build-up the Eden Hazard 's decisive strike at Stamford Bridge . ` For me , it was a foul . That 's my opinion on Falcao , ' Van Gaal fumed after the game . ` You are dependable on the referee . When he whistles , its a penalty . When he does n't whistle for a foul on Falcao , it 's not a foul . ' Michael Carrick -LRB- left -RRB- and Ashley Young also visited the sick children and adults on Monday . Van Gaal -LRB- left -RRB- and his players also signed memorabilia for the visitors from the Foundation . Van Gaal was upset on Saturday that John Terry appeared to foul Falcao before Eden Hazard scored . But he was in a much more jovial mood alongside the supporters of his team on Monday , appearing to share jokes with the fans and happily had his photograph taken with them . Van Gaal will be preparing for De Gea , Rooney , Young and Carrick to lead United back to winning ways in the league when they travel to Merseyside to take on Everton at Goodison Park on Sunday .