The family of one of the five men arrested as part of massive anti-terrorism raids in Melbourne were warned by police the group were falling victim to Islamic State recruiters . Ahead of the arrests that stopped an alleged terrorist attack planned for Anzac Day , ASIO contacted the families of some of the would-be killers and cautioned them the men were becoming radicalised . The family of one suspect said they were last year told to stop their son communicating with the extremist recruiter , who groomed Melbourne terrorist Numan Haider , according to News Corp. . Scroll down for video . Sevdet Besim , from Hallam in Melbourne 's south-east , was charged with ` conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for , or planning , terrorist acts ' at the Melbourne Magistrates Court on Saturday afternoon . Search warrants were obtained by police for the south-east Melbourne homes of Sevdet Ramadan Besim , 18 , Eathan Oswald Almo Cruse , 19 , Ismail Safi , 19 , and Mehran Azami , 18 , and another man who can not be identified . Besim lived in Hallam and Cruse was from Eumemmerring , while Safi and Azami hailed from Narre Warren . Police said the threat was ` fully contained ' . It is alleged there was a plan in place to attack police and members of the public with swords and knives , which forced police to act . Sevdet Besim was charged with ` conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for , or planning , terrorist acts ' and appeared in the Melbourne Magistrates Court . He did not apply for bail and was remanded in custody for a filing hearing on April 24 . Multiple photos of Mr Besim on his social media pages show him posing with one raised index finger , a symbol that other ISIS supporters have also frequently used . Victoria Police Deputy Commissioner Shane Patton said the 18-year-old men , from Hallam and Hampton Park , were ` associates ' of Abdul Numan Haider , the 18-year-old who was shot dead after stabbing two officers outside a Melbourne police station on September 23 . He is one of two 18-year-old men police arrested for allegedly planning an ` ISIS inspired ' attack on an Anzac Day ceremony . The duo were ` associates ' of Abdul Numan Haider -LRB- pictured -RRB- . The second teenager is still being interviewed by police who plan to charge him with a number of offences related to preparing for and planning terrorist acts and possessing prohibited items . A number of ` edged weapons ' - including knives and swords - were seized at some of the properties searched . Victorian Premier Daniel Andrews dubbed the plans ` simply evil ' on Saturday morning , while insisting the individuals ` do not represent any faith , culture or religion ' . ` It is alleged both men were undertaking preparations for a terrorist attack at an Anzac Day activity in Melbourne which included targeting police officers , ' Australian Federal Police Acting Deputy Commissioner Neil Gaughan said on Saturday morning . Commissioner Patton later added : ` Some evidence that was collected at a couple of the scenes and some other information we have , leads us to believe that this particular matter was ISIS-inspired . ' A total of five teenagers were arrested as part of the Melbourne Joint Counter Terrorism Team operation named Operation Rising , which saw 200 officers ' raid seven properties on Saturday morning . Three of the men were released by Victoria Police on Saturday evening . But , according to Australian Federal Police Acting Commissioner Michael Phelan , all five had been on the radar of counter-terrorism investigators . ` Particularly since late last month the investigation ramped up and it became very obvious to us that their plans were specific , ' he told reporters in Sydney . ` We received information earlier this week that led us to undertake the resolution today . Mr Patton added investigations had begun last month . The teen was interviewed by police all morning before travelling to the Magistrates Court where he was charged . Mr Besim did not apply for bail and was remanded in custody for a filing hearing on April 24 . Australian Federal Police Acting Deputy Commissioner Neil Gaughan -LRB- left -RRB- confirmed that two 18-year-old men had planned to target Anzac Day activities . Victoria Police Deputy Commissioner Shane Patton -LRB- pictured -RRB- later added that evidence ` collected at a couple of the scenes and some other information we have leads us to believe that this particular matter was ISIS-inspired ' Three other men , also aged 18 and 19 , were arrested separately in Narre Warren . Pictured : one of the homes in the suburb where police made one of several arrest during terror raids . One 18-year-old man from Narre Warren was charged with weapon offences , while the two others men from the same suburb , aged 18 and 19 , are currently in custody assisting police with enquiries -LRB- stock image -RRB- . It is understood police chose to execute the search warrants immediately as they ` could n't be sure that they -LSB- the arrested men -RSB- would n't act earlier ' . An 18-year-old man , from Hampton Park , is also expected to be charged with offences relating to preparing for a terrorist act and remains in custody . The three other men were released after being questioned for most of Saturday . It is expected one of them - a third 18-year-old - from Narre Warren will be charged on summons with weapons offences . The two other Narre Warren men , aged 18 and 19 , have been released pending further enquiries . ` I think the entire Australian community should be concerned about the young age of these men , this issue is not just for law enforcements agencies , but the broader community , ' Mr Patton said . ` We need intervention strategies to make sure they -LSB- young adults -RSB- do n't go down this path . ' Mr Patton confirmed that the arrested teens were not related , but were ` associates ' and some had attended the Al Furqan Islamic study centre in South Springvale . Mr Patton confirmed that the arrested teens were not related , but were ` associates ' and that some had attended the Al Furqan Islamic study centre in South Springvale . Mr Patton said police would charge the two teens with a number of offences including the possession of prohibited items , adding that ` edged weapons ' were found at one property -LRB- stock images -RRB- . Mr Haider , whose body is pictured being taken to the coroner for examination , died when he was shot by officers after stabbing two policemen outside a Melbourne police station on September 23 . But he insisted the ` the individuals were acting by themselves and are not representative of any religious , cultural or national group ' . Three of the teenagers are believed to have suffered minor injuries during the arrests and were taken for medical examination , with one man reported to have suffered a head injury . Searches continued at several addresses throughout Saturday . Police said the investigations were ongoing . Residents living next door to the homes that were raided in the early hours of the morning have described waking to glass smashing , screams and ` fire-cracker like ' noises before seeing lights . ` It woke me up , I heard a whole heap of screaming outside . It kept going for at least 20 minutes . It scared the crap out of me , ' one neighbour told the Herald Sun . ` I was woken up through hearing the car doors everywhere and the police telling them to get down , ' another said . Most of the residents said they were shocked by the news of the arrests , describing the teenagers as ` lovely guys ' , ` nice people ' and ` the perfect neighbours ' . Residents living next door to the homes that were raided in the early hours of the morning have described waking to glass smashing , screams and ` fire-cracker like ' noises before seeing lights . Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott -LRB- right -RRB- and Australian Federal Police Deputy Commissioner Michael Phelan -LRB- left -RRB- address a media conference in Sydney . Mr Abbott urged all Australians to continue with their Anzac Day celebration plans as normal . Prime Minister Tony Abbott urged all Australians to continue with their Anzac Day celebration plans as normal during a conference in Sydney . ` We 've had this serious threat for quite a few months now but we have responded effectively to it at all stages , ' he said . ` The best thing you can do in the face of those who would do us harm is to live your life normally , the best sign of defiance that we can give to those who would do us harm is to go about a normal peaceful , free and fair Australian life . ' Increased security measures including a strong police presence will be enforced at all public events across Victoria and the rest of the country on Anzac Day . ` I think the entire Australian community should be concerned about the young age of these men , this issue is not just for law enforcements agencies , but the broader community , ' Mr Patton said during a police press conference . Pictured : Mr Haider 's funeral . Mr Patton confirmed that the arrested teens were not related but were ` associates ' , and that some had attended the Al Furqan Islamic study centre in South Springvale . Pictured : Mr Haider . It comes just two months after Sydney house-mates Omar Al-Kutobi , 24 , and Mohammad Kiad , 25 , were arrested at their Fairfield home just hours before they allegedly planned to carry out a terrorist plot . It comes just two months after Sydney housemates Omar Al-Kutobi , 24 , and Mohammad Kiad , 25 , were arrested at their Fairfield home just hours before they allegedly planned to carry out a terrorist plot . Police uncovered a machete , a hunting knife and an Islamic State flag during a raid of their squalid granny flat in western-Sydney . A video featuring one of the men standing in front of the flag while making threats of carrying out a terrorist attack was also uncovered . In September of 2014 , Australia saw 15 men arrested across Sydney 's west and north-west in the country 's largest ever terrorism-raids . More than 800 police officers searched 25 properties in the early hours of the morning with the aim of dismantling a terror-plot to behead a random member of the public . Omarjan Azari , 22 , who was arrested in his Guildford home during the raids , faced court in late February after officers alleged he was involved in the plot . He was refused bail and will reappear on April 29 . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .