Everyone knows the tortoise beat the hare , but this little fellow has gone one better and beaten two cheetahs . These pictures capture the amazing moment when one of the notoriously slow-moving reptiles escaped becoming big cat fast food by retreating into its shell before scuttling off across desert sands . The baffled cheetahs surrounded the tortoise and attempted to scare it out of its shell with snarls but the reptile kept well tucked up inside its tough exterior forcing the big cats to wander off in search of another snack . Hard target : The tortoise attempts a quick getaway under the watchful eye of one of the curious cheetahs . Confused : The two cheetahs exchange glances as they move in to size up their potential meal . The intriguing scene was captured by John Mullineux , a chemical engineer from Secunda , South Africa . He said : ` While driving on the sandy tracks of the Kalahari Desert in South Africa , I came across two cheetahs lying in the shade near the road . ` Shortly after I stopped , they got up and slowly headed to the dunes . ` Halfway up the red sandy dune the younger one stopped to inspect a tortoise , the older one also stopped and tried to bite the shell but could n't manage it . Now you see me : The tortoise retreats into its shell as the big cats get too close for comfort . Snarl : One of the cheetahs gets up close and personal to the little reptile and tries to scare it out of its shell . ` By the time the older cheetah had made it to the top of the dune , the younger one decided to run off and follow rather than spend more time at the hard meal . ` The tortoise then casually moved on as if nothing unusual had happened . From a young age I have loved cheetahs for their elegance and speed - seeing two so close was dream but seeing them size up their lunch was unique . ` It was something that was both exciting and naturally beautiful at the same time . ' Slow and steady : The tortoise continues his escape across the sands of the Kalahari desert in South Africa . John Mullineux , a chemical engineer from Secunda , South Africa , spotted the scene while driving along a desert track . One of the cheetahs appears to admit defeat and wander off throwing a last glance of its shoulder at the lucky tortoise .