A woman who tipped the scales at almost 20st has shed nearly half her body weight after she was forced to stand during an 11-hour flight - because she feared she was crushing the woman in the seat next to her . Sharon Smith , 43 , from Halesowen , West Midlands , was a bulky size 26 when she went on the business trip in December 2012 and struggled to fit in the plane seat . Today she weighs in at a healthy 9st 9 lb and is due to run a 10k race on Sunday , when two years she would have struggled to walk half a mile , let alone run six . Scroll down for video . Sharon Smith shed almost half her body weight after she decided to take up running . Sharon said she lost 4st through joining a slimming club but then shed another four-and-a-half stone after taking up her sporty hobby . Her weight loss began just under two years ago when she joined Weight Watchers Online , but did not weigh herself immediately . After six months of following the plan , she was 18st 6 lb so estimates that when she started she was ` way over 20st ' and a size 26 . She said that although she had always been larger she had never been happy being overweight . Sharon said : ` I was never one of those people who was okay being big , it had always upset me but my head was n't in the right place to do anything about it because I had a busy working life . ' She put her unhealthy lifestyle down to commuting to London for her job as a children 's clothes designer for Aquascutum which saw her do minimal exercise . At her heaviest Sharon was over 20st and a size 26 but she has now slimmed down to 9st 9 lbs and is a size 10 . But the turning point came for Sharon after having to ` squeeze ' her bulky frame into seats on trains and planes . ` I started commuting to London in August 2012 and the business trip to Hong Kong was in December that year , ' she said . ` I had been travelling out there for ten years but luckily I had always managed to upgrade or have no one in the seat next to me . ` But this trip coming back I was in economy and it is the one that really sticks out in my memory . ` I remember being rammed in my seat with a lady next to me . I felt uncomfortable not just for me but for her too . Sharon says her weight was down to to commuting to London for her job as a clothes designer but after quitting her job to go freelance and work from home , Sharon was able to exercise at lunch . ` I ended up standing for the entire flight with my iPod in . ` I was genuinely worried I might hurt the woman in the next seat because of my weight . She did n't say anything but I just did n't think it fair for her to suffer because of my size . ` The flight attendant even offered me the seats they use for take-off and landing . But with the big long-haul jets there is more room to stand . ' But even back in the UK , she was fed-up of the daily humiliation of her long journeys to work . She said ; ` On top of this , every time I went to London I was fed up having to squeeze into train seats . ' Sharon made small changes to her lifestyle , such as walking around London rather than taking the Tube , and in January 2014 , she decided to quit her high-flying job and go freelance . She began working from her home which meant she could go for a walk every lunchtime . Sharon took up running last March and by now was around 13st to 14st and finding it difficult to lose any more weight . Friends were talking about the ` Couch to 5k ' beginners running programme so she started doing that and signed up for a 5k Race for Life , which she did last July in an impressive 40 minutes . After getting a taste for activity Sharon joined a runners ' website , The Running Bug , which ` changed her life ' as she was egged on by other enthusiasts . Sharon added : ` The site , especially the members ' forum , gave me so many tips and so much encouragement . ' Sharon took part in a 5k Race for Life which she completed in just 40 minutes . The designer has since completed two 10k runs last year and even ran the Brighton half marathon in two hours and 59 seconds in February this year . Sharon , who is also running the Morrisons Great Birmingham 10k run this Sunday , added : ` The weight loss really picked up when I started running , it really helped with the momentum . ` Once I started training for my first 10k race last summer , the pounds really dropped off . ` I think it was a mix of things that caused the problems , I knew my diet was n't healthy . ` At the weekends I tended to graze the whole day through so there would n't be that many minutes when I was n't eating , it was constantly chocolate and crisps . ` Now I do n't buy any processed foods , I do n't even buy ready-made bread and I try to make everything from scratch . ` I eat a lot more fruit and veg and try to eat health fats like nuts . '