She was the most hated woman in Britain , loathed for her role in the break-up of the Prince and Princess of Wales ' marriage and vilified for everything from her dress sense to her looks . But 10 years on from the sunny April day that saw Camilla Parker-Bowles become the Duchess of Cornwall , things are looking very different for the 67-year-old royal . Indeed , so popular has Camilla become , a recent poll revealed that not only is the Duchess loved by 50 per cent of Britons , 56 per cent credit her with Charles ' own increasing popularity . Scroll down for video . Relaxed : The Prince of Wales has cut an increasingly relaxed figure since marrying Camilla . Still in love : An intimate photo released today to mark their 10th wedding anniversary . More to the point , she has also become a much-loved member of the Royal Family , adored by her step-sons William and Harry and noticeably close to her mother-in-law , the Queen . That her relationship with the rest of the Firm is so good is due , in no small part , to her ` charm and charisma ' , both of which got an appreciative mention from her husband during a recent interview with CNN . The natural warmth she displays during public appearances has helped cement her place in the Royal Family , with courtiers impressed by her knack of creating an instant rapport with members of the public . Most recently , she pulled off a tour of the US with aplomb , charming locals with her approachability and winning admiring headlines at home . Her relaxed approach to life was in evidence once again during last month 's Cheltenham Festival where , accosted by ex-glamour model Katie Price in the paddock , she posed obligingly for a selfie . A few minutes later , she was seen engrossed in conversation with author Jilly Cooper , who memorably based the caddish Rupert Campbell-Black , the star of the much-loved Rutshire Chronicles , on Camilla 's ex-husband Andrew Parker-Bowles . Sharing a joke : Camilla and Prince William share a joke at the opening ceremony of the Invictus Games . Natural warmth : Camilla 's success is due to her charm - on display here during last month 's Cheltenham . Involved : Camilla 's granddaughter Eliza Lopes was a bridesmaid at the 2011 Royal Wedding . ` She is warm , smiley and sincere , ' reveals one Royal insider . ` If you were going to use five words to describe her , they would be funny , down-to-earth , opinionated , family-orientated and hearty . ' But Camilla 's new-found confidence is hard-won . A salt-of-the-earth countrywoman who , given the opportunity , would happily go make-up free and avoid set-piece events , taking on the very public life of a senior royal has n't been easy . That she has managed it , apparently without breaking a sweat , has n't gone unnoticed - not least by Prince Charles himself . ` You can imagine it is a real , real challenge , ' said the prince in the same CNN interview , adding : ` But she 's , I think , been brilliant in the way she 's tackled these things . insiders say the transformation is less about careful PR work and more about Camilla herself - in particular , the way she has thrown herself into championing the charities closest to her heart . One of the first to benefit was the National Osteoporosis Society , with whom the Duchess has been involved for more than 19 years . ` Throughout our association with the Duchess , she has been unwavering in her support , ' says Chief Executive Claire Severgnini . ` She is personable , knowledgeable and compassionate . ' All smiles : The Duchess of Cornwall enjoys a chat with the Duchess of Cambridge during the 2012 Jubilee . All together : The Duchess of Cornwall in the family photo released after Prince George 's christening . Close : The Duchess of Cornwall now enjoys a close relationship with the Queen . Approval : A clear sign of approval is the regularity with which the Duchess appears alongside the Queen . Shared interests : Both Camilla and the Queen share a passion for all things equestrian . Her interest in osteoporosis comes as no surprise to those who know the Duchess . In 1994 , aged 47 , she was forced to watch as her ` beloved Mama ' Rosalind Shand died , slowly and in agony , as a result of the disease . Indeed , the Camilla 's association with the charity pre-dates her marriage , with the Duchess first getting involved while still Mrs Parker-Bowles . Asked to join forces with the charity while at the height of her infamy , biographer Penny Junor writes that she was initially reluctant , fearing she might do more harm than good , before agreeing to get involved . Although her first attempt at fundraising was curtailed by Princess Diana 's tragic death , she never stopped supporting the organisation and still gets involved in events . She has also made a name for herself as a champion of women 's rights , becoming deeply involved in the UK 's rape crisis centres and making a visit to a local women 's refuge part of every international tour . While visiting Colombian capital Bogota last November , she cut a sympathetic figure as she chatted to rape victims over a cup of tea at the Memory , Peace and Reconciliation Center . Having a laugh : Camilla , Harry and Kate share a joke on the balcony of Buckingham Palace in June 2013 . Friendly : The Duchess of Cornwall enjoys a friendly relationship with the Duchess of Cambridge . All smiles : The pair were frequently spotted together during the London 2012 Olympic Games . In Washington last month , the Duchess left Prince Charles to his own devices for a couple of hours while she met detectives working for the District of Colombia 's Sexual Assault Response Team . Camilla 's increasing confidence has also shown itself in the ensembles she wears , with the frumpy get-ups of old swapped for elegant tailored dresses designed to flatter her still-trim waist . Like the Duchess of Cambridge , she 's never far from a delicate cream dress and accessorises nearly everything she wears with one of her trademark five-strand pearl chokers . In the country , she likes tailored tweed suits by Roy Allen , one of her favourite couturiers , cosy coats by Swiss label Moncler and flattering hats by London-based milliner , Lock & Co. . But as the Duchess of Cornwall prepares to celebrate her 10th wedding anniversary , it is the sea-change in her family life as much as her public image that ought to leave her smiling . Mirror image : The two also share a similar sense of style - including a penchant for nude pumps . Cheers ! Meanwhile Camilla 's relationship with Prince Charles has gone from strength to strength . Charm : The Prince spoke glowingly of his wife 's ` charm and charisma ' in an interview last month . Not only is she close to the Queen , who was once reported as wishing she ` would just go away ' , Camilla is also adored by Diana 's sons William and Harry - as photos of the trio laughing together at the opening ceremony of September 's Invictus Games made only too clear . ` Having initially loathed her , the Queen gets on well with Camilla now , ' adds the insider . ` She is n't as close to the Queen as Sophie -LSB- Countess of Wessex -RSB- is but that is partly because the Queen 's relationship with Charles is a bit complicated anyway . ' What certainly is n't complicated is Camilla 's relationship with Charles . Despite such quirks as maintaining separate country homes , after 10 years , the royal couple are closer - and happier - than ever . Born Camilla Rosemary Shand on the 17th July 1947 , the Duchess of Cornwall 's 67 years have undoubtedly been interesting ones . The daughter of Major Bruce Middleton Hope Shand and his wife Rosalind , the Duchess was born in London but spent much of her childhood in Sussex along with her siblings , Annabel and Mark . According to her biographer Giles Brandreth , her upbringing , although not royal , was certainly a grand one . ` Camilla is often described as having had an `` Enid Blyton sort of Childhood '' , ' he writes . ` In fact , it was much grander than that . ` The Shands had position and they had help -- help in the house , help in the garden , help with children . ` They were gentry . They opened their garden for the local Conservative Party Association summer fête . Enough said . ' After a stint at a Swiss finishing school , Camilla burst onto the London social scene as a debutante on the 25th March 1965 . But it was n't all fun , with the future Duchess of Cornwall working as a secretary for a succession of London firms to pay for her Belgravia flat , which she shared with Lady Moyra Campbell . In the late 1960s , Camilla met the man who was to become her first husband , cavalry officer Andrew Parker-Bowles , with the couple dating off and on for several years - with Mr Parker-Bowles striking up a relationship with Princess Anne at one point . Camilla , meanwhile , had struck up a relationship with Prince Charles , who was first introduced to her sometime in 1971 . When the couple split following an overseas posting for Charles in 1973 , Camilla reconciled with Parker-Bowles and the couple announced their engagement and married the same year . Two children followed . Tom in 1974 and Laura in 1978 . But it was her continuing relationship with Prince Charles that would come to define her , with the former couple remaining close friends even after both had married other people . In 1992 , claims that the two had remained an item throughout both marriages emerged when Diana : Her True Story was published , followed , a year later by the ` Camillagate ' scandal . By 1995 , both marriages had come to an end and Charles and Camilla were unofficially back together , with the future Duchess often seen attending events with the prince . Royal acceptance soon followed with the Queen making Camilla part of the Golden Jubilee celebrations in 2002 . A year later , the Duchess moved into Clarence House and on the 10th February 2005 , Charles and Camilla 's engagement was announced . The couple married just under two months later in Windsor , with Camilla taking the title of the Duchess of Cornwall .