A Darwin woman has become a TV sensation in the Philippines , earning a legion of adoring fans in southeast Asia and an award nomination for her role in the country 's answer to US hit series Modern Family . After struggling to hit the big time in Australia , bubbly blonde Natalia Moon followed her dreams and moved to the Philippines in 2012 . She became fluent in the local language , Tagalog , in the hope of becoming a star . Scroll down for video . Natalia Moon -LRB- pictured -RRB- learned Filipino language Tagalog to score a role on sitcom Ismol Family . The Darwin woman moved to the Philippines in 2012 after struggling to find work as an actress in Australia . Natalia Moon is also a model who has been featured on magazine cousins in the Philippines . The risk paid off as the 23-year-old , who promotes herself as ` the Barbie from Down Under ' , landed a major role in 2014 playing a catty maid , also named Natalia , in the new sitcom ` Ismol Family ' . The Aussie , born Natalie Stewart , has taken to the role with lavish , overcoming the added challenge of performing in a new language . She fits in so well in her adopted home that she is known as ` the blonde Filipino ' . The Aussie , born Natalie Stewart , has taken to the role with lavish , overcoming the added challenge of performing in a new language . The 23-year-old , who promotes herself as ` the Barbie from Down Under ' , landed a major role in 2014 playing a catty maid , also named Natalia , in the new sitcom ` Ismol Family ' This year , she unsuccessfully auditioned for Asia 's Got Talent , in the hope of representing the Philippines . With the support of her strong fan base , Ms Moon will attend the Golden Screen TV Awards on April 26 where she is nominated for Outstanding Breakthrough Performance By An Actress . With the support of her strong fan base , Ms Moon will attend the Golden Screen TV Awards on April 26 where she is nominated for Outstanding Breakthrough Performance By An Actress . The much-loved show has also received a nomination for best comedy . The multi-talented youngster from Australia 's top end is also embarking on a singing career , writing and performing songs in both English and Tagalog . The multi-talented youngster from Australia 's top end is also embarking on a singing career , writing and performing songs in both English and Tagalog . She fits in so well in her adopted home that she is known as ` the blonde Filipino ' Ms Moon performs a very diverse range of musical styles including country , pop , r & b and rap . This year , she unsuccessfully auditioned for Asia 's Got Talent , in the hope of representing the Philippines . The triple threat performed in front of judges Melanie C from The Spice Girls , Anggun , David Foster and Vanness Wu , singing Super Bass by Nikki Minaj and Rita Ora 's I Will Never Let You Down . ` Acting 's what I really love , but if you do that you have to do everything -- I 've started singing , and dancing , ' she told NT News . ` But the Filipino people are so supportive , they 're really accepting and warm . ' Ms Moon performs a very diverse range of musical styles including country , pop , r & b and rap .