Paypal said that the devices -LRB- stock image pictured -RRB- would be powered by stomach acid and include mini computers . PayPal is developing a new generation of edible passwords which stay lodged in your stomach to let you log in . Jonathan Leblanc , the company 's top developer , said that the devices would be powered by stomach acid and include mini computers . He said that technology had become so advanced that it allowed ` true integration with the human body ' . The next wave of passwords will be edible , ingestible or injectable and will remove the need for what he called ` antiquated ' ways of confirming your identity , such as fingerprint scanning . Typing in a password will become a thing of the past too , he added . Mr Leblanc , the Global Head of Developer Evangelism at PayPal , said in a presentation called ` Kill All Passwords ' that he wants to ` put users in charge of their own security ' . He said that passwords as they are now were not working and that users need to ` harden it with something physical behind it ' . Edible capsules could check the person 's glucose levels or blood pressure before beaming out encrypted data , the Wall Street Journal reported . Other possibilities include silicon chips which are put under the skin and ` wearable computer tattoos ' which send information via a wireless connection . A diagram of a chip used in his presentation shows a device that has sensors , a wireless transmitter , photo detectors , a power coil and a temperature sensor . Mr Leblanc said PayPal was currently carrying out hackathons to develop vein recognition technologies and heartbeat recognition bands to go round a person 's wrist . But he cautioned that the company has no immediate plans to use such devices . Jonathan Leblanc , the company 's top developer , said that passwords as they are now were not working and that users need to ` harden it with something physical behind it ' instead of typing it into a given computer field . Mr Leblanc said : ` I ca n't speculate as to what PayPal will do in the future , but we 're looking at new techniques -- we do have fingerprint scanning that is being worked on right now -- so we 're definitely looking at the identity field ' . In a statement PayPal later said that Leblanc 's comments were meant as blue skies thinking and that the company was not actually developing edible passwords . A spokeswoman said : ` We have no plans to develop injectable or edible verification systems . ` It 's clear that passwords as we know them will evolve and we aim to be at the forefront of those developments . We were a founding member of the FIDO alliance , and the first to implement fingerprint payments with Samsung . ` New PayPal-driven innovations such as one touch payments make it even easier to remove the friction from shopping . We 're always innovating to make life easier and payments safer for our customers no matter what device or operating system they are using . ' Edible passwords would be the latest breakthrough in biometrics after it emerged that a new app lets you use your face to log in to a website instead of using a password . True Key takes a photo of your face with the computer 's camera and stores it for later use . When you want to use a password-protected website such as your email , the app scans your face and matches it with its records - removing the need for a password . Security experts have long bemoaned how easy it is to break passwords , not least because one of the most popular is the word ` password ' . The most widely used in 2014 was ' 123456 ' followed by ` password ' and ' 12345678 ' , according to one survey . Another problem is that the average person has to remember 19 passwords but one in three said they struggled to remember them all .