The bumper crop of fruit and veg grown by the dedicated allotment gardeners each year was the talk of the town , and garnered prize after prize each year . The haul of produce was even enough to keep some growers self-sufficient . But now the gardeners are at war with their council after they were moved to new allotments so their old prize-winning plots can be bulldozed to make way for a car park and five-a-side football pitches . Scroll down for video . Living the Good Life : Michael Fyson , 77 , has grown his own fruit and veg for more than 10 years . But the Broadway Allotment Association member says soil at the group 's new site is ` dreadful ' Thriving : The association 's allotments were moved by Oldham council . The old prize-winning site -LRB- pictured -RRB- has been bulldozed to make way for a car park and football pitches . Pay out : But gardeners have complained about their new site , saying it has bad drainage and poor soil . The association has called on the council to pay growers compensation for the problems they 've experienced . Many are complaining that the soil in their new allotments is so poor they can not grow a bean - and that the new plots ' drainage is so bad that their seedlings are rotting in the ground . They are demanding that Oldham council pays out compensation for the problems - which have seriously curtailed their growing season . Michael Fyson , 77 , has grown his own fruit and veg for more than 10 years and he and his wife , Margaret , 78 , live the Good Life as they are largely self-sufficient . He said : ` The soil is dreadful and the land is flooded . It is impossible to grow there so the allotments are not fit for purpose and need plenty of work . ` I still have potatoes , leeks , parsnips , cabbage , broccoli , strawberries , raspberries and gooseberries in storage from last year 's crop but this year I ' ll be lucky to grow anything . ` Dreadful ' : Gardeners say the soil at their new site -LRB- pictured -RRB- is so poor they ca n't grow a bean . Oldham council moved the group from their old allotments , which had been popular with residents since the 1930s . The drainage -LRB- pictured left -RRB- is also so bad that the seedlings of allotment holders are rotting in the ground . They are demanding the council pays out compensation for the problems at the plots in Failsworth , Oldham . ` My wife and I totally depend on the crop from my allotment each year as we have three freezers to store it and it keeps us going all year . ' Mr Fyson , who has two grandchildren and one great grandson , has won award after award at the annual competition for Best Allotment in Oldham . He said : ` I 've done quite well over the year . But this year is going to be dreadful . I 've been digging some trenches to drain the land and have had to bail out with a bucket . We wo n't be able to grow anything of any quality here for quite a while . ' Green as you like : Council chiefs moved the Broadway Allotment Association to land a few hundred yards away from their original prize-winning site -LRB- pictured -RRB- as part of a plan to redevelop the nearby Lancaster Club . The development will include 144 homes , with the Grade II-listed club turned into apartments and a five-a-side football pitch and car park built on the former allotments where growers -LRB- pictured -RRB- used to plant their seedlings . Much-loved : One allotment holder , Michael Fyson , 77 , has grown fruit and vegetables at the old site -LRB- pictured -RRB- for more than ten years . He has won award after award at the annual competition for Best Allotment in Oldham . The plots managed by the Broadway Allotment Association in Failsworth , Oldham have been popular with residents since the 1930s and kept many fed during the Second World War . However growers have been moved to land a few hundred yards away as part of a plan to redevelop the nearby Lancaster Club off Broadway into a ` garden suburb ' . The development will include 144 homes , with the Grade II-listed club turned into apartments and a five-a-side football pitch and car park will be built on the former allotments . Oldham council developed the new site and constructed greenhouses and sheds for the growers in recompense for losing their original plots . Ian Wade , 55 , association secretary , said : ` I understand the need to redevelop the area and it would be okay if they had given us a plot that worked . ` But the soil they have put down is ridiculous . It has powdered brick , rubble , sand and stones in it and it is impossible to grow anything in it . ` Gardeners can work to improve the soil but it is so shocking nothing will grow for years . The site is also flooded and seems impossible to drain . ' Now , the 17 tenants are calling on the council to give them compensation for the delay they will face in growing their produce and the extra work in making the land fit . Unhappy : Secretary of the the Broadway Allotment Association , Ian Wade -LRB- pictured -RRB- , said the soil which had been put down at the new site was ` ridiculous ' . He believes nothing will grow there for years . Oldham council said relocation of the allotments to the new site was not due to be completed until May but growers say this will limit their growing season . The 17 tenants are calling on the council to give compensation . Oldham council 's Elaine McLean said : ` We are carrying out soil testing in the coming days to establish the cause of the standing water and how we can improve the situation for the plot holders . ' Oldham council said the relocation of the allotments to the new site was not due to be completed until May but growers say it will limit their growing season . Elaine McLean , Oldham council 's executive director for economy and skills , said : ` Issues have been raised by Broadway Allotments Association regarding a number of plots at the new site and we are working closely with the group to address these matters . ` We are carrying out soil testing in the coming days to establish the cause of the standing water and how we can improve the situation for the plot holders . '