The average Briton enjoys 884 cups of tea each year -- or enough to fill two bathtubs , a survey has found . The YouGov poll of more than 2,000 Britons revealed that we consume an average of 17 cups of tea each week . The research showed that our tea-drinking habits increase as we get older , with those aged 55 and over typically enjoying 21 cups of tea a week compared with 18 to 24-year-olds , who only drink eight cups a week . The average Briton enjoys 884 cups of tea each year -- or enough to fill two bathtubs , a survey has found . The poll also found that almost a third of women turn to a cuppa to make them feel better when they are unwell -- in comparison with only 16 per cent of men . Youngsters are more likely to turn to a cuppa when they are sad , with nearly a quarter of 18 to 25s saying they put the kettle on when they are feeling down , compared with just 11 per cent of 55 and overs . And more than half of adults associated a cup of tea with ` comfort and relaxation ' -- confirming the results of a separate survey which yesterday revealed that sweet tea promotes relaxation and relieves stress . Mary Rance , chief executive of charity Contact The Elderly -- which commissioned the poll and organises tea parties for older people -- said : ` This confirms that tea really is part of our national identity . We know from our parties and our research that a cup of tea brings Britain together . ' The poll found that almost a third of women turn to a cuppa to make them feel better when they are unwell . ` At Contact The Elderly , we know first hand that a monthly tea party makes a huge difference to the lives of our older guests , many of whom do not have regular face-to-face contact with anyone other than their carer or the postman . ` The number of isolated over-75s is growing , and there are still one million lonely older people in England , Scotland and Wales who are completely cut off from society and in need of our help . ` We know from our parties and our research that a cup of tea brings Britain together , so as we celebrate our Golden Jubilee , we urge people to support us by volunteering to put the kettle on for lonely older people . '