An artist who turns dead animals into unique works of art has recently come under fire for his bizzare sculptures . Sean Crawford , from Carterton , New Zealand , said he picked up his distinctive style after his family taught him about hunting and taxidermy on the farm he grew up on . ` Taxidermy was a big part of my culture , ' he told Daily Mail Australia . ` As a kid you would watch the eyes following you around the room and I think that became a bit of a fascination for me , you know , capturing the animal in a precise moment , almost frozen in time . ' Scroll down for video . Former plumber Sean Crawford made a splash at the Australian Traffic Jam Gallery with his taxidermy sculptures . After producing works without taxidermy , he decided he wanted to add a more ` natural ' layer to his work . He said he can understand why some people find his work ` a bit ungodly ' , but in his opinion , there is nothing worse than ` art that does n't affect you at all . ' While some religious folk have taken issue with the fact Mr Crawford is ` manipulating the animal ' by using animal parts in his work , he maintains that he 's only used parts that would have otherwise gone to waste . ` We do n't really select the animals . They are a product of hunting for meat or pest control . ' He said he can understand why some people find his work ` a bit ungodly ' , but in his opinion , there is nothing worse than ` art that does n't affect you at all . ' ` It 's one of those things that people either like or they do n't , ' he said . Mr Crawford said he 's been influenced by Gothic Revival architecture and literature that dealt with themes of being dismantled and put back together . Taxidermy : ` It 's one of those things that people either like or they do n't ' Mr Crawford has three animal sculptures currently on display at Traffic Jam Galleries at Neutral Bay on Sydney 's lower north shore . Sean Crawford said his interest in taxidermy started at a very young age as he watched his family hunt on their farm . He chose a running rabbit , a standing rabbit and a small bird enclosed in a metal cage for the Australian exhibition called ` untitled ' . The bird is intact while the rabbit sculptures only feature half the animal with Mr Crawford expertly manipulating steel beams to make the sculpture whole . He said he spends a lot of time studying the anatomy and posture of each animal to make sure his ` twist ' on classical sculpting is as authentic as possible . ` I am building the surface , not out of stone , but through an accurate mapping of the rest of the animal , ' he said . Mr Crawford said he 's been influenced by Gothic Revival architecture and literature , like Frankenstein or Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde , that dealt with themes of being dismantled and put back together . He said using animals has let him add another ` natural ' layer to his steel structures . Mr Crawford travelled to Sydney from his New Zealand home to personally deliver three of his controversial sculptures , where he said he got ` quite a reaction ' on opening night . Mr Crawford said he spends a lot of time studying the anatomy and posture of each animal to make sure his ` twist ' on classical sculpting is as authentic as possible . ` I am building the surface , not out of stone , but through an accurate mapping of the rest of the animal ' Sotiris Sotiriou , a curator at Traffic Jam Galleries , said his clients have had a great response to the unique ` amalgam of sculpture and taxidermy ' . ` To be honest all of our clients have quite enjoyed it , people can be grossed out a bit but I think they are more interested in the end . ' He said once museum visitors learned that the animals were n't killed for art , they were much more accepting of the animal and steel hybrids . In his most recent work , Mr Crawford was commissioned to build the Cloak of Remembrance for Anzac Day , which will be unveiled on April 25 at the New Zealand Embassy in Washington . Mr Crawford has been commissioned to build the Cloak of Remembrance for Anzac Day , which will be unveiled on April 25 at the New Zealand Embassy in Washington . Mr Crawford uses animals that have been killed during hunting for meat or pest control . ` To be honest all of our clients have quite enjoyed it , people can be grossed out a bit but I think they are more interested in the end . '