Looking after elderly parents can be difficult at the best of times . But this man takes caring for his Alzheimer 's - suffering mother to another level . A security guard from China has touched hearts across the country because he takes his 84-year-old mother with him to work on the back of his motorbike every single day , reported the People 's Daily Online . Lu Xincai , who lives in Zhejiang province in eastern China , says that he is scared his mother will get lost if he leaves her at home by herself because she suffers from the degenerative disease . Devoted : Lu Xincai takes his 84-year-old mother to work with him on the back of his motorbike every day . He ties a sash around both of their waists to make sure she does n't fall off . She would often go up to the mountains to collect firewood and there were a few occasions when she got lost after dark . When Mr Lu 's father passed away earlier this year , he decided to take his mother with him to work because there was no one else who could look after her . His wife works in a different city and his son is still in school . After helping his mother to get up at 5 am every morning , he puts her on the back seat of his motorbike and ties a sash around both of their waists to ensure that she does not fall off . Mr Lu said that he rides the four kilometres to work slowly to make sure his mother feels safe and so that they can chat along the way . The whole journey takes an hour . Even when at work he checks up on his mother , who has been given her own room by his employers , a bank , to make sure that she has not wandered off somewhere . He said that his mother devoted her life to caring for her children , and now he feels like he has a duty to care for her in return . Vulnerable : His elderly mother suffers from Alzheimer 's and used to get lost when she was left alone . He said : ` I was an apple in my mum 's eye , and now she 's my apple . ' ` Our mother carried us on her back to the fields when she went to work on the farm and collect firewood when we were young . ' He added : ` Only if I see her will I feel relaxed . Otherwise I would be afraid is she had wandered away . '