It is a fascinating view of exactly what goes into a modern smartphone - and how Samsung does business . The Chipworks site has posted this amazing image revealing the internals of the firm 's Galaxy S6 , which goes on sale on April 10th . The internals reveal Samsung used more of its own chips to power the new Galaxy S6 smartphone than it did for the predecessor S5 , according to an early teardown report , in a blow to U.S. chip supplier Qualcomm . The teardown shows , from the front , the screen , logic board holder , battery , logic board with processor , camera , rear case and antenna . Samsung is not only using its own Exynos mobile processor , as had been widely reported , but also decided to rely on its in-house semiconductor business to source other parts , including the modem and power management integrated circuit chips , Ottawa-based consultancy Chipworks said . Samsung is counting on its new flagship Galaxy S6 and S6 edge phones to help revive earnings momentum after a disappointing 2014 . Strong sales of system chips such as its Exynos processor could also help boost earnings , analysts and investors say . The Galaxy S6 also comes with Samsung 's Shannon modem chip , U.S. phone carrierAT & T said on its website . ` It 's pretty clear if they 're using Shannon for the modem for at & t that they 're trying to use all-Samsung silicon , ' said Jim McGregor , an analyst at Tirias Research . ` With their market share going down they 're under pressure to increase profit margins . ' The findings suggest a deeper loss of business for Qualcomm in the new generation of Samsung 's flagship handsets than anticipated previously . Teardown reports of the predecessor Galaxy S5 , released last year , showed the U.S. chipmaker supplied several components that Samsung has supplanted with its own this year , based on the phone Chipworks investigated . Samsung 's new S6 and S6 Edge : The phones are also the first to feature dual-standard wireless charging technology built inside the handsets , and will battle the iPhone and HTC 's One . Qualcomm said in January that a key customer declined to use its new Snapdragon processor in an upcoming flagship phone presumed to be Samsung 's Galaxy S6 . But it had been unclear whether Samsung would drop Qualcomm 's modem chips as well . Qualcomm is the industry leader in LTE , the most advanced modem technology , but Samsung , Intel , MediaTek and others have developing their own offerings . Samsung and Qualcomm did not immediately reply to requests for comment .