It 's a sight Manchester United fans have been accustomed to for years but after a 16-month wait ` normality ' for those on the red half of the city has only just been restored . For the first time since November 23 , 2013 United sit above ` noisy neighbours ' Manchester City in the Premier League after having played the same number of games . Following City 's 2-1 defeat at Crystal Palace on Monday night they now trail Louis van Gaal 's side by a point ahead of Sunday 's Manchester derby at Old Trafford . Manchester United sit above Manchester City in the Premier League table for the first time in 16 months after having played the same amount of matches - following the latest round of results . City players look crestfallen during their 2-1 defeat at Crystal Palace on Monday night . Jason Puncheon curls his free kick over the City wall and into the far corner to put Palace 2-0 ahead . City star striker Sergio Aguero 's -LRB- left -RRB- recent toils in front of goal continued at Selhurst Park on Monday night . Wayne Rooney -LRB- centre -RRB- scored a stunning half-volley as United beat Aston Villa 3-1 on Saturday . City now trail United by a point , following Monday 's defeat at Palace , with seven league games remaining . The last time this had happened United sat sixth on 20 points , one ahead of then ninth-placed City after 11 games during the 2013-14 campaign . This had occurred following City 's 1-0 defeat at Sunderland on November 10 , 2013 while a Robin van Persie header gave the Red Devils victory over Arsenal by the same scoreline going into the international break . However , the intervening 499-day period had been one dominated by Manuel Pellegrini 's side as they won the league title and the Capital One Cup last season . In comparison , United slumped to seventh in the table - their lowest-ever finish in the Premier League era - with former manager David Moyes sacked as a consequence for their woeful results . United were last above City in the league after an equal amount of games on November 23 , 2013 . This occurred after City 's defeat at Sunderland , Robin van Persie 's header gave United a 1-0 win vs Arsenal . United 's fall from grace was in stark contrast to the 2012-13 term - when they won the title in Sir Alex Ferguson 's last as Old Trafford boss . Yet post-Ferguson United had only managed to sit above City in the league twice after the same amount of games prior to Monday . Aside from November 23 , 2013 the on other occasion occurred on August 26 , 2013 . Back then this was after the second game of last season as City 's 3-2 defeat at Cardiff allowed United to move a point ahead of them following their 0-0 draw against Chelsea . With the Red Devils looking down on their bitter rivals once more , they 'll look to extend their one point gap to four with victory in the derby on Sunday . United have only sat above City twice - in the post Sir Alex Ferguson era - having played the same games . The first time came in August 2013 when City lost 3-2 at Cardiff thanks to Frazier Campbell 's -LRB- left -RRB- winner . United then moved a point clear of City the next day following a 0-0 draw at home to Chelsea .