Manchester United winger Ashley Young is adamant that the club will be challenging for the Premier League title once more next season . The Red Devils have endured two mixed campaigns following the retirement of legendary manager Sir Alex Ferguson in May 2013 . After finishing seventh last season , their lowest position since in the Premier League era , United currently sit third in the table this term - 11 points behind leaders Chelsea . Manchester United winger Ashley Young believes the club will be challenging for the title next season . Despite their large deficit to the Blues , current United boss Louis van Gaal has restored some of the club 's old vigour under Ferguson that was lost during David Moyes ' ill-fated reign . Prior to their 1-0 defeat at Chelsea on April 18 , the Old Trafford outfit had reeled off six successive league victories - including impressive triumphs over top four rivals Tottenham , Liverpool and Manchester City . And Young believes that after a slow start under Van Gaal the fruits of his labour are finally paying off at United - which will see the club compete for their first league title in three seasons , next year . ` You do n't manage the team he has managed without having that big , bold personality . He wants to be successful . He wants every detail spot on , ' Young said about the 63-year-old in an exclusive interview with the Guardian . The 29-year-old -LRB- right -RRB- has played a prominent role for United this season under Louis van Gaal . ` As players , you want to be challenged and that 's exactly what he does ; he challenges us every single day . It was always going to take time , but it is all starting to come together . ` If you look at the last run of games , even last week against Chelsea when on another day we would have scored two or three goals , we will definitely be back challenging for the title next season . ' Young 's United career has been revitalised under Van Gaal this season - with the 29-year-old playing a prominent role in the Dutchman 's starting line-up . Young has praised Van Gaal 's -LRB- right -RRB- managerial style and desire to bring back success to the club . The England international has combined brilliantly of late with Daley Blind and Maraoune Fellaini , down the left-hand side of the United team - something the former Aston Villa star admits he has relished . ` Thats 's been brilliant , the three of us playing in those triangles and the same the other side with Antonio -LSB- Valencia -RSB- , Ander -LSB- Herrera -RSB- and Juan -LSB- Mata -RSB- , ' Young added . ` There are some cool heads there , and a lot of players who are now playing with more composure , not scared to give each other the ball , or play it in tight spaces . ' Young -LRB- front -RRB- also believes United are playing with more composure than they were at the start of the season .