A King Charles Spaniel suffered three degree burns from a pad used to keep him warm during a scan which vets had heated up in a microwave . Twelve-year-old Alfie underwent a general anaesthetic for an MRI scan at the Animal Health Trust clinic in Newmarket , Suffolk . The pet , who is also completely deaf , had the scan , last month after his owner Lynne Edwards from Huntington in Cambridgeshire , noticed a lump behind his ear . Alfie 's owner Lynne Edwards , said she only realised something was wrong with the pet when he started to refuse food and found puss oozing from his back . But when Alfie returned from the clinic she realised something was wrong when he started refusing food and found puss oozing from his back . She then took him to a local vet , where staff clipped his fur and exposed the severe burns in his back . Ms Edwards , 64 , then discovered that a pad used to keep her dog warm while he had the scan got too hot after it was heated in a microwave . She said : ` I just do n't understand how it could have been taken from the microwave and then put directly onto Alfie without it being noticed how hot it was . King Charles Spaniel Alfie , who suffered three degree burns after vets place a heat pad on his back that had been warmed in a microwave . ` They have told me that they always warm them up in microwave but after what happened they have promised to change their practice . ` I am glad that they 've now said they will do that but it took nearly a week for them to stop the practice . ' Alfie is now on medication while his wounds heal , but could face surgery to remove some of the skin around the burns . Ms Edwards , an interfaith minister , is now calling on all vets to ensure they heat up the pads correctly and monitor them adequately . The Animal Health Trust confirmed their vets are now using an incubator to heat the pads . A spokesman said : ` We pioneered the use of MRI in animals back in the 1990s and since then we have scanned more than 20,000 animals . ` In the last five years , around 3,000 of these patients would have had heat pads to maintain their body temperature . ` To the best of our knowledge , we have never seen anything like this before in any of the AHT 's patients . ` We understand how upsetting this situation must be for Lynne Edwards and her family , and have carried out a full investigation . ` We have reviewed , and are updating , our Standard Operating Procedure for the use of heat pads . ` We are also standardising the way in which all heat pads are heated at the AHT . ' Alfie , who is also deaf , is now on medication while his wounds heal , but could face surgery to remove some of the skin around the burns .