Injuries : The exploding phone caused injuries so deep that doctors could see Hanghang 's jawbone . A 12-year-old in central China was seriously injured when his phone exploded while it was charging . The boy , known only as Hanghang , was using the old handset as an alarm when he woke up early for school and started to play with it . He said the phone felt hot and then blew up in his face , exposing part of his jawbone and embedding fragments in his arms and legs . ` I played with the phone for a few minutes , ' he said . ` The phone felt hot then it suddenly exploded and all I could see were my hands covered in blood and blood dripping from my face . ` I used a towel to stem the blood and washed my hands under the tap then I called the ambulance . ' Hanghang , from Pingdingshan City , in the Henan province , told reporters at People 's Daily Online that when the explosion happened he did n't dare tell his parents and called the ambulance service himself following the accident last week . He is now being treated in Ping Mei Group Hospital and is expected to need several operations to repair the damage . Hurt : Hanghang pictured lying in a hospital bed after a mobile phone exploded , injuring his face and hand . Doctors said he had 4 cm injury to his face which exposed part of his lower jawbone as well as trauma to his left hand as well as lower legs and knees . He underwent emergency surgery before he was sent to the burns unit and onto the plastic surgery inpatient department . Experts believe there are three main reasons a phone may explode like this . The first is the battery itself is damaged and although it is connected to a charger it is n't actually charging . A short circuit is another possible cause but this is a less likely unless the phone has been illegally modified in some way . The most common cause is improper charging . It affects lithium batteries more where the phone may be fully charged but is left on charging or if phone is used whilst charging may lead to lithium batteries overheating . Overheating and poor contact can result in a sudden discharge of a current and cause an explosion . Tips include to avoid using the phone while the battery is being charged by disconnecting the phone from charger before connecting a call or using any of its functions . Ensure it is not over-charged by removing the electric supply when the battery is fully charged . If the battery seems to have swollen , it should be replaced immediately . Hanghang said he could not be sure of the type of phone as it was one of several old phones . He said : ` It was the battery that exploded . I have heard my classmates talk about this happening but I never thought it would happen to me . '