Alex Hales claims he is still waiting for a ` proper crack ' at one-day international cricket . The big-hitting top-order batsman has nine England caps to date , since his debut against India last August . But after opening alongside Alastair Cook four times in that series defeat , Hales has played in only five of England 's subsequent 18 matches - including at the World Cup - and has batted instead at number three on three occasions . Alex Hales is hoping for a ` proper crack ' at one-day international cricket with England . The 26-year-old is hoping for more continuity when England resume their ODI schedule this summer . Asked if he thinks he has had little of that so far , he told The Guardian : ` Honestly , yes I do . ` I do n't feel like I 've had a proper crack at it yet . ` I played the back-end of last summer against India , did okay without setting the world alight - and since then , it has been the odd game , coming in , dropping out again . ' Hales was his own critic , after making an encouraging 40 on debut in Cardiff . Since the series against India last August , Hales has played in only five of England 's subsequent 18 matches . He admitted back then , before his second innings , that India 's seamers had limited his strokeplay , claiming : ` They were just very cunning . Once I got past 30 , they were one step ahead of me . ` So it 's up to me to put that right , and have that game smartness . ' Nonetheless , he takes issue with the theory that he has been ` worked out ' already at ODI level . He added : ` I read the press and saw the stuff about ` bringing the ball back in ' and that I had been worked out - I got bowled once by Bhuvneshwar Kumar with an inswinger . ` That 's not being worked out - that 's a good delivery . ' Nottinghamshire big-hitter Hales was run out last Sunday as his county battled to draw against Middlesex . Moeen Ali was preferred at the top of the order , alongside Cook in the series defeat in Sri Lanka and then with Ian Bell at the World Cup . ` Getting the news at the start of that Sri Lanka tour that I was n't going to get first crack dented my confidence quite a bit , ' said Hales . ` Maybe I let it affect me in a negative way . ` I am still learning my game , but I would definitely not say I have been `` worked out '' . '