Real Madrid 's £ 2.3 m , 16-year-old wonderkid Martin Odegaard has been dropped from the club 's B-team Castilla because results drastically improve when he is not on the pitch . Odegaard picked Real Madrid over Liverpool and Manchester United at the start of the year but the record-breaking teenager is already experiencing how difficult it can be for young players in the Spanish capital . Real Madrid Castilla , managed by first-team coach in waiting Zinedine Zidane , were top of their regional third division when Odegaard arrived at the club in January , but after he made his debut the team 's form dipped dramatically and following a run of four straight defeats , they dropped to seventh place , four points off the lead . Martin Odegaard , pictured in training with the Real Madrid first team , has been dropped by the Castilla side . Odegaard is said to be on a different wavelength to his Castilla team-mates as he rarely trains with them . Zinedine Zidane -LRB- with Odegaard behind him , right -RRB- dropped the Norwegian as he looks to secure promotion . Martin Odegaard was chased by a host of top European clubs before he left Stromsgodset for Real Madrid . The Norwegian youngster visited Liverpool and Arsenal 's training grounds , as well as Bayern Munich . He is thought to be on wages of around 40,000-a-week after Real spent £ 2.3 million to acquire his services . Age : 16 -LRB- D.O.B. 17/12/98 -RRB- . Born : Drammen , Norway . Position : Attacking midfielder . Clubs : Stromsgodset -LRB- 2014-15 -RRB- , Real Madrid -LRB- 2015 - . Castilla appearances : 7 . Castilla goals : 1 . International appearances : 3 . International goals : 0 . There have been suggestions that other B-team players resented the fact that Odegaard was training with the first team three times a week and then starting Castilla games very much on a different wavelength to his team-mates . The Norway international might be benefiting from training with Cristiano Ronaldo and Gareth Bale but it was not helping him become a cohesive part of the Castilla side . And they had the perfect chance to prove they were better off without him when he was called up by Norway coach , Per-Mathias Hogmo , for the recent European Championship Group H qualifier against Croatia . They won the match played in his absence and despite the fact that he was back in Madrid and available at the weekend Zidane kept him out of the team and they won again . Real Madrid are desperate to see their Castilla side promoted and Zidane must now decide if Odegaard 's presence is doing more harm than good . The teenager was involved with Norway on international duty last week and Castilla prospered without him . If Real Madrid Castilla fail to go up to the second division then Odegaard will be loaned out next season . Odegaard signed for Real in a £ 2.3 m deal in January as Carlo Ancelotti placed his trust in the 16-year-old . The Norwegian 's future is also tied to whether or not promotion is achieved . He was never going to be asked to play another year of Spanish third division football so if Castilla fail to go up to the second division he will be loaned out next season . No one at Real Madrid believes the club has made a huge mistake in signing Odegaard but it was a measure of how they will need to be patient with their precocious young talent when first-team coach Carlo Ancelotti decided against playing him in the Champions League against Schalke despite pressure to pick him . Odegaard would have been the youngest player ever to play in the competition . With his path to first-team involvement currently blocked and the B team choosing to chase promotion without him he might even be questioning his decision to turn down a clutch of Premier League clubs in favour of Real Madrid . Odegaard poses with Sergio Ramos -LRB- left -RRB- and Cristiano Ronaldo -LRB- right -RRB- after completing his move in Spain . The youngster takes part in sprint training with Welsh winger Gareth Bale in January . Odegaard might even be questioning his decision to turn down Premier League clubs in favour of Madrid .