Memphis Depay had a secret meeting with Manchester United on Wednesday as the club look to tie up a move for the PSV Eindhoven winger . Depay , 21 , jetted to England with representatives including his agent Kees Ploegsma for a summit with a United delegation led by manager Louis van Gaal . United are leading the hunt for the pacy Holland international but face opposition from Paris Saint - Germain while Liverpool have also expressed an interest . Memphis Depay had a secret meeting with Manchester United as the club look to tie up a move . Depay during a photo shoot back in October 2013 where he modelled the Can-Am three-wheeled bike . Manchester United are hoping to leave their rivals behind in the race to sign the young winger . PSV coach Phillip Cocu admitted : ` Van Gaal is a very good coach and the Premier League is great ' Van gall refused to squash the reports in his weekly media briefing . When asked about the Depay link , Van Gaal said : ` I do n't discuss it with the media , you know my answer . ` I have a lot of relationships with players . I can not buy all the players I 've coached already . ' Van Gaal , who worked with Depay at the World Cup , made inquiries over the player 's availability last summer but decided to keep track of his progress rather than make a move . That could prove to be a costly decision , with the Dutch club looking for around £ 25m for his services after he scored 20 goals in 28 games . Depay , who has ` dream chaser ' tattooed to his chest and is pictured here modelling a three-wheeled bike in October 2013 , could line up at Old Trafford next season . PSV coach Phillip Cocu was unaware of the meeting when asked on Friday . He said : ` Van Gaal is a very good coach with whom I have worked and he was always very pleasant and the Premier League is a great league . ` I have contact with Memphis on a daily basis about many things , but not on a specific club or league . ' United hold the upper hand in the hunt for Depay thanks to Van Gaal , who worked with the player during his stint in charge of Holland . PSV appear to be resigned to losing their star man this summer . Depay has become one of the hottest properties in European football after a blistering season . Louis van Gaal -LRB- right -RRB- was tempted to sign Depay last summer and will have to fork out around £ 25m . Depay , who often plays on the left wing despite being right-footed , has been compared with international team-mate Arjen Robben . However , Ed van Steijn , the man who scouted Cristiano Ronaldo for Manchester United , believes Depay is better than the Real Madrid star was at the same age . Speaking to Dutch daily newspaper Algemeen Dagblad , Van Steijn said : ` If I compare him to a young Cristiano Ronaldo at the time , then Depay has more strings to his bow . I like him better . ` Ronaldo did the same things wrong at Manchester United as he did when he was 17 . '