The Rubik 's Cube has puzzled the minds of millions for decades , with most people giving up before ever coming close to finishing the notoriously difficult game . But not teenager Collin Burns , who has completed a cube in just 5.25 seconds , smashing the world record . The US national ` speedcubing ' champion was at an official Rubik 's Cube event in Doylestown , Pennsylvania , when he shaved 0.3 of a second off the record . Genius : Teenager Collin Burns completed a Rubik 's Cube in just 5.25 seconds , breaking the world record . Unbelievable : Collin looks up at the clock after finishing the puzzle , clearly astonished by his achievement . Other teenagers can be seen chatting in the background as they completed their own puzzles at the official World Cube Association -LRB- WCA -RRB- meeting this weekend . Meanwhile Collin is focused on his cube , quickly spinning the rows of tiles round as the clock counts upward from zero . As the 3x3 Rubik 's Cube 's colours align , he drops it down on to a pressure sensor which stops the watch , bringing gasps from his fellow enthusiasts as they realise he has set a new fastest time . Collin breaks into a huge smile as he sees his accomplishment , which was 0.3 seconds quicker than the previous world record of 5.55 seconds , set by Dutchman Mats Valk . Other Rubik 's Cube enthusiasts dash over to see what has happened as people begin to cheer . The US national ` speedcubing ' champion was at an official Rubik 's Cube event in Doylestown , Pennsylvania , when he shaved 0.3 of a second off the record . The gathered teenagers suddenly break into cheers as they crowd round to get a closer look , patting Collin on the back and shaking his hand . A WCA representative told Mashable that the teenager had officially broken the record . ` Although this result has not been uploaded to the WCA database just yet , we can confirm that this is -LRB- or will be soon -RRB- the new official WCA world record for the 3x3x3 single solve category , ' the spokesman said . ` To our best knowledge , it has been performed in an official competition , with all the rules being followed , even the scramble has been checked for its correctness . '