Richard Attenborough 's possessions will be sold . They are mementoes of a brilliant career in movies , stretching from the tunnels of The Great Escape to the dinosaurs of Jurassic Park and Gandhi 's vast crowd scenes . Richard Attenborough was present -- behind or in front of the camera -- at some of the most magical moments in cinema history , and following his death aged 90 last year , the actor-director 's treasured possessions are going up for up sale at auction house Bonhams . Lord Attenborough 's son Michael , himself an acclaimed theatre director , said : ` The items reflect my father 's incredible career . ` It is simply not possible to keep it all , even though we would absolutely love to . We do not have the room for it . ' Lord Attenborough made his big-screen debut in the 1942 film In Which We Serve , and was still acting more than five decades later when he appeared as eccentric boffin John Hammond in Steven Spielberg 's Jurassic Park . He was an avid collector and the lots include a treasure trove of unseen photographs , iconic props , scripts , posters and sketches . Many of the lots relate to his time in front of the camera and include mementoes from such career-defining films as Brighton Rock , The Great Escape and 10 Rillington Place . The Great Escape : This photo of Richard Attenborough -LRB- front -RRB- and Steve McQueen is expected to sell for £ 700 . One of the most prized items is the cane -LRB- left -RRB- used by Hammond in Jurassic Park , which is estimated to sell for £ 5,000 . The rare poster -LRB- right -RRB- is among the items for sale advertising Brighton Rock under the film 's original title . The actor was nearly 70 when he appeared in Jurassic Park -- lured by the prospect of working with Steven Spielberg . One of the most prized items is the cane used by Hammond in Jurassic Park . The top contains a prehistoric mosquito preserved in amber , from which the DNA used to create the dinosaurs in the park was extracted . A clapperboard from the film Gandhi is up for sale . The exhibition will also remind fans that there was a time when Britain 's brightest star struggled to find work . One of the lots is an early CV written by Lord Attenborough when he was an ambitious student at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art . The student carefully noted all the stage roles he had notched up while at RADA . Equally well known for his work behind the camera , Lord Attenborough directed such classics as Gandhi , Shadowlands and Cry Freedom . His personal script for the Oscar-winning masterpiece Gandhi , which includes all of his annotations , is expected to fetch in the region of £ 3,000 . Michael Attenborough said there were some items the family could n't part with , even if they wanted to . ` We are not allowed to sell his Oscars and Baftas for legal reasons , and to be honest we would n't want to , ' he said . ` They have been distributed along the family and are now being looked after by the grandchildren . ' Michael Attenborough suggested Ben Kingsley -LRB- right -RRB- for the role of Gandhi -- a decision his father never regretted . His role as the psychotic Pinkie in 1947 's Brighton Rock made Attenborough a box-office star . he is pictured here relaxing with young fans between scenes . Lord Attenborough was an avid collector of 20th Century British paintings and the sale features many works that hung in his homes in London and Scotland . These include a fine oil painting by Alan Lowndes which is expected to fetch £ 15,000 , and a caricature of Oscar Wilde by Max Beerbohm which has a guide price of £ 7,000 . The auction , entitled Richard Attenborough : A Life Both Sides Of The Camera , will take place at Bonhams on October 21 . Lord Attenborough 's prized Rolls-Royce Corniche with its distinctive number plate , RA III , will be sold separately at a Bonhams sale at the Beaulieu National Motor Museum on September 5 . It is estimated to fetch between £ 12,000 and £ 15,000 . After Eric Morecambe 's , they were the best-known spectacles in British entertainment , and an intrinsic part of the avuncular luvvie image of the man known to everyone in showbiz as Dickie . * Large set of photos .