The parents of a Slovakian model accused of murdering her British millionaire ex-boyfriend are being forced to sell their house to pay her legal bills . Maria Kukucova , 25 , was arrested in April last year after former partner Andy Bush was found shot to death in his rented holiday villa on the Costa del Sol in southern Spain . The blonde model had gone on the run but was eventually tracked down to her family 's home 2,000 miles away in the small western Slovakian town of Nova Basoca after police put out an international arrest warrant . Scroll down for video . The Slovakian model had gone on the run after Bush was found shot to death in his rented holiday villa on the Costa del Sol in southern Spain . Maria Kukucova , 25 , was arrested in April last year after former partner Andy Bush was found murdered . Now her parents Lubomir Kukuca , 50 , and Danka Kukucova , 51 , said they feel hated in their own village and are selling up their home to move somewhere more secluded and pay thousands for lawyers ' fees in Spain where their daughter is awaiting trial . Gold dealer Mr Bush , 48 , from Bristol was found dead in a pool of blood at his five-bed rented home near Estepona just after 3 am . His new girlfriend , Russian student Maria Korotaeva , 20 , told detectives his Slovakian ex was waiting for them in her pyjamas inside Mr Bush 's mansion when they arrived for a long weekend from the UK . Miss Korotaeva has accused Miss Kukucova of Mr Bush 's murder , saying ` She done it . God will be her judge ' Maria Korotaeva , 20 -LRB- left and right -RRB- , the most recent girlfriend of murdered millionaire Andrew Bush , 48 -LRB- left -RRB- , has told how the pair arrived at Mr Bush 's Spanish villa to find ex-girlfriend Kukucova waiting . She took refuge in Mr Bush 's Hummer while he argued inside with the alleged killer . Miss Korotaeva said Kukucova was ` crazy ' with jealousy after Mr Bush ended their relationship . She said gunshots rang out before the Slovakian fled the house and forced her out of the car to make her escape . Kukucova , who had posted intimate videos online begging Mr Bush to take her back , was arrested in Nove Mesto nad Vahom in her home country - more than 2,000 miles from Spain . She was extradited back to Spain in May after handing herself in and locked up in the maximum security Alhaurin de la Torre jail near Malaga . Maria 's parents have visited their daughter and hired lawyers , but their efforts have landed them in debt . Now Kukucova 's parents are being forced to sell their home -LRB- pictured -RRB- in Nova Basoca , western Slovakia , to pay thousands for their daughter 's lawyers ' fees . Danka Kukucova , 51 , -LRB- left -RRB- Lubomir Kukuca , 50 , -LRB- right -RRB- said said they feel hated in their own village after news of the murder spread and were planning to move to a more secluded area . Her father Lubomir Kukuca , who is seriously ill with cancer , admitted his daughter kept in touch with them while she was on the run . Miss Kukucova 's mother Danka , who supports the family as a manager for a local building society , said at the time of her arrest : ` We are really struggling . We are upset with what is being said about our daughter . ' Having spent their savings and borrowed money from family , they have decided to sell their home in Nova Bosaca which is on the market for the equivalent of £ 73,000 . One of Maria 's cousins , Katarina , who did not want to give her surname , confirmed to the Slovak national newspaper Novy Cas : ` They have decided to leave the house in which they have been living for several years . Mayka Marica Kukucova , pictured after giving herself up to police in her home town of Nova Bosaca in Slovakia . Ms Kukucova had given herself up in her home town which is 3,102 km -LRB- 1,928 miles -RRB- from the crime scene in Spain . ` They feel in any case that everybody in the village looks at them as if they are murderers and they no longer feel welcome . People do not ask anything , they just gossip . The parents are fed up with everything . ` The price will not be lower than 100,000 EUR . They will not sell the house for less because they need to return the money that they have borrowed . ` They would also like to buy small secluded house so that they will not be nagged by anybody . ` They are also selling because they hope that Maria will come back and she will want to be in some calm and peaceful place far from people . ' Slovak estate agent Lubomir Batovec reckoned the two storey house was not worth more than £ 59,000 because of the location and its distance from the town of Nove Mesto nad Vahom . He said : ` I am sure that it will not be easy to sell this house - at least not for that money . ' The model has been locked up in the maximum security Alhaurin de la Torre jail near Malaga since she was extradited last May . Kukucova , who had posted intimate videos online begging Mr Bush to take her back , was arrested last year .