Arsenal will play in their yellow and blue away strip for the FA Cup final against Aston Villa on May 30 - and the history books points towards that being a good thing for the Gunners . Tim Sherwood 's Villa side won the coin toss ahead of the final next month - which allows the winner to select club colours in the event of a clash of strip . They picked their claret and blue home kit for the Wembley showpiece and therefore guaranteed that they will have worn the same strip for every round of the competition this season . Alexis Sanchez -LRB- far right -RRB- is congratulated after scoring Arsenal 's semi-final winner against Reading . Arsenal players celebrate winning the 1979 FA Cup final at Wembley after beating Manchester United 3-2 . The Arsenal starting XI line up ahead of their FA Cup final against Liverpool on May 8 , 1971 . But that wo n't phase Arsene Wenger 's side at all , with a creditable record of three cup final wins in five appearances in the yellow and blue strip , giving Gunners fans room for optimism as they look to retain the FA Cup . Arsenal last wore yellow in the 1980 FA Cup final where they narrowly lost to London rivals West Ham United , but a year earlier donned the same colours as they got the better of Manchester United in a five-goal thriller at the home of English football . The Gunners also won the competition in 1950 and 1971 while wearing yellow , on both occasions seeing off Liverpool . Arsenal players celebrate after Charlie George scored his side 's winner against Liverpool in 1971 . Arsenal skipper Joe Mercer is held up by his team-mates as they toast their victory over Liverpool in 1950 . Fabian Delph -LRB- middle -RRB- is mobbed by his Villa team-mates after he scored the winner against Liverpool . Interestingly though , despite Villa winning the pre-match coin toss , Arsenal will be classed as the home side for the final as this is decided purely alphabetically . The kick-off time for the clash - which will be shown on both BBC One and BT Sport 1 - has also been confirmed as 5.30 pm on Saturday May 30 , with both clubs receiving an equal allocation of 25,000 tickets . These tickets will be classified into four different pricing bands - £ 50 , £ 70 , £ 90 and £ 120 . In addition to the 50,000 tickets split between the two clubs involved , approximately 20,000 tickets also will be distributed to volunteers throughout the football family which most notably includes counties , leagues , local clubs and charities . And 17,000 tickets will also be used by Club Wembley members , with the FA Cup final part of their membership package .