Rafa Benitez is what he is ; an excellent cup manager . He proved this yet again on Thursday , when his Napoli side blitzed past Europa League favourites Wolfsburg by four goals to one on the Germans ' home turf . But despite managing some of the continent 's most established clubs since leaving Valencia just over a decade ago - Liverpool , Inter , Chelsea -LRB- albeit on an interim basis -RRB- and Napoli - he has amassed a grand total of zero league titles . Benitez famously guided Liverpool to the Champions League in 2005 as he enjoyed cup successes . Benitez remains popular at Anfield , but when he left there were few regrets over his departure . Donovan Chandler is a Liverpool fan writer on 90min.com . At Anfield , we will be eternally grateful for the Champions League trophy he delivered in 2005 , in spite of possessing what was , on paper at least , our worst accumulation of players in recent history . Djimi Traore , Antonio Nunez , Milan Baros and Igor Biscan - cult hero that he was - were all part of that unfathomably successful squad . All four were dispensed of either that summer or the one that followed . Two years after Instanbul , Benitez was -LRB- almost -RRB- at it again with a side that better resembled the one he would have wanted , though it was n't quite good enough to overcome an improved AC Milan side on this occasion . For all the Spaniard 's successes , he also brought in the hapless Djimi Traore and Czech forward Milan Baros . And although we ran Manchester United a close second two seasons after that , we actually ended up further away from the Premier League title than we had been in a number of years during his final campaign -LRB- 2009-10 -RRB- - a failure that signalled the end to an Anfield tenure that also yielded our last FA Cup . In between , he lumbered us with the Josemi 's , Albert Riera 's and Phillipp Degen 's of this world ; none of us had many regrets over his departure - except , of course , that it was the catalyst for our introduction to Roy Hodgson . Benitez won the FA Cup with Liverpool in 2006 on penalties against West Ham . With Fernando Torres and Steven Gerrard playing well together , Benitez got close to the title , but never won it . And for all his moments , I fully believe we are on the right track again under Brendan Rodgers , even if we ca n't quite clutch that final Champions League spot this season - or miss out on the FA Cup . That 's why , if Rafa returns to England again in the summer - as is being speculated due to Napoli 's Serie A shortcomings this season - it will receive little more than a shrug from large sections of the Kop . His league failings mean he is unlikely to be sworn in at any of our top-four rivals , unless Manchester City need someone to keep the seat warm for their dream conquest Pep Guardiola . Liverpool 's failure in the Premier League means that Benitez will always be remembered as a cup specialist . As far as my uneducated eyes can see , someone like West Ham would be the best place for your money , if you 're that way inclined . A sudden influx of largely Spanish-based signings would bring -LRB- mostly temporary -RRB- excitement and they 'd probably do well in the cups - enough to banish memories of the Big Sam years at least . That 's where Rafa excels ; Europa League success at Stamford Bridge and triumph in the Coppa Italia last term are further testament to this . But a threat to us and where we want to be ? It would only be a result of our own self-destruction . Good luck , Rafa . And thanks for the memories .