Three former England rugby internationals on a charity expedition to the North Pole continued with their trip despite the landing gear of their plane collapsing on their way out . Lewis Moody , Danny Grewcock and Josh Lewsey said they felt nothing more than a jolt . Poor visibility at the makeshift 800m strip beside the Russian operated Camp Barneo first caused an aborted landing . Three former England rugby internationals - Lewis Moody , Josh Lewsey and Danny Grewcock - continued with their trip to the North Pole despite the landing gear of their plane collapsing on their way out . The experienced pilots were then forced to break harder than usual when a crack appeared on an ice floe near the runway . But the stars played down reports of a near miss as they celebrated a safe return from their epic endeavour to raise money for the Lewis Moody Foundation and the Royal Marines Charitable Trust Fund . Moody , 36 , said : ` We did n't know anything was wrong . ' ` There were murmurs about it and instead of it being a smooth landing I think maybe they had to put the plane down a bit quicker than normal . But I was n't particularly bothered by it . ' Someone left to update Moody 's Twitter account wrote that the rugby star had called and said the men were safe . Before the accident Moody reminded followers to donate and posted a picture of the plane . Grewcock , 42 , said there was a jolt on impact but it was n't until the 36 passengers were getting off that the plane 's nose lifted and it sank back on its rear loading bay . The group were flying from the most northerly town in the world , Longyearbyen on the Svalbard archipelago , to the Russian operated camp when the accident happened last week . Moody , Grewcock and Lewsey were part of a nine-strong team including three Royal Marines and directors of yachting company Y.CO . Moody -LRB- left -RRB- and Lewsey -LRB- right -RRB- might be used to a pitch - but they would have found the ice floes and five-feet high ridges at the North Pole a little more challenging . Grewcock runs past centre Jose Viana of Uruguay in the Suncorp Stadium , Brisbane , in 2003 . It is hoped the expedition will raise £ 250,000 for the Lewis Moody Foundation as well as the Royal Marines Charitable Trust . After the incident they were taken by helicopter to the exact latitude of 89 North before loading up their 60 kilo sleds and trekking to the pole . Their journey took them across ice floes and up five-feet high ridges and they endured temperatures as cold as -50 C . It is hoped the expedition will raise £ 250,000 for the Lewis Moody Foundation as well as the Royal Marines Charitable Trust .