Prosecutors have been accused of losing a Nissan Micra at the centre of a double murder case . Timothy Crook is alleged to have murdered his elderly parents Bob , 90 , and Elsie , 83 , and then driven their bodies 150 miles before dumping them . But the grey car he is accused of using to transport the bodies has been lost , Bristol Crown Court was told . Prosecutors have been accused of losing a Nissan Micra -LRB- similar to the one shown here -RRB- at the centre of a double murder case . Timothy Crook -LRB- pictured -RRB- is alleged to have murdered his elderly parents Bob , 90 , and Elsie , 83 , and then driven their bodies 150 miles in a grey Nissan Micra . Sarah Jones , representing Crook , 50 , said the blunder could have forensic consequences for his case . Crook is accused of killing his parents at their home in Swindon in July 2007 and then driving their bodies to Lincoln , where they used to live . Ms Jones told Judge Neil Ford QC at a preliminary hearing : ` The car in which the bodies were transported to Lincoln has been lost . ` That may have forensic consequences . We have some forensic angles being looked at . ` I have simply been told the Crown do n't know where the car is . If it is not available it would be of help to have an identical model . ` It was a particular model which we believe did not allow for the laying down of the back seats . ' Crook is accused of killing his parents -LRB- pictured -RRB- at their home in Swindon in July 2007 and then driving their bodies to Lincoln , where they used to live . Police said the car -LRB- similar to the one pictured -RRB- which Crook is said to have driven was not lost and was in the North of England . A spokeswoman for the CPS added : ` It 's not us who lost the car . We do n't investigate the case , we ca n't be in possession of the car . ' Wiltshire Police said the car was not lost , but did not know where it was exactly . A spokesman said : ` The vehicle has not been lost , we understand it to be in the North of England . ` But I believe there was a conversation in court around whether or not it would need to be brought back for further forensics etc. ' Crook appeared at the plea and case management hearing via video link from Rampton Hospital and spoke only to confirm his name and plead not guilty to the two murder charges . He is accused of murdering both parents between July 6 and 12 , 2007 . Some 49 witnesses are expected to be called at the trial which is provisionally set to open on July 6 and last up to four weeks . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .