Barely out of nappies , this five-year-old boy was not the most likely candidate to take on six heavily armed troops . But that did not stop the Palestinian youngster , dressed in full combat gear , from attempting to pelt Israeli police with stones during violent clashes on the West Bank . The bemused officers , equipped with helmets and body armour , calmly watched as the child launched his own assault before racing away . The incident raised fears that Palestinian children are being encouraged to mimic and glorify violence . David and Goliath battle : A five-year-old Palestinian boy pelted the Israeli police with stones as violence erupted during a rally in the northern West Bank . The dark-haired child , dressed in combat gear , raced back to safety after launching a series of missiles at around six heavily armed officers . The boy 's stone attack came as violence erupted on the northern West Bank during annual demonstrations to mark Palestinian Prisoners Day . Soldiers used tear gas and rubber bullets to disperse the crowd after more than 100 Palestinians rallied near Israel 's separation barrier in the village of Bilin , with some throwing stones . At least one protester was believed to have been injured as violence flared on the streets . Prisoners Day is marked every year in solidarity with the more than 6,000 Palestinians in Israeli jails . ` We will not leave our prisoners in jail alone , ' rally organiser Abdullah Abu Rahma said . ` We will defend their right to be released , because the majority of them have been arrested illegally by Israeli forces . ' With Israel having arrested some 800,000 Palestinians in the occupied territories since 1967 - equivalent to 40 percent of the male population - almost every Palestinian family has been affected . During the last round of US-backed peace talks in 2013 and 2014 , Israel freed dozens of long-term inmates . But after the negotiations broke down , and following the kidnap and murder of three Israeli teenagers in the West Bank , Israel arrested hundreds more . The current number of Palestinian prisoners is the highest for at least five years , according to figures from rights groups . More than 100 protesters used catapults to fire rocks at the Israeli forces after violence erupted during a rally to mark Palestinian Prisoners Day . The Israeli forces used tear gas and rubber bullets to disperse the crowd that had gathered near the West Bank city of Nablus . This protester 's face was left covered in blood after he was injured during the violent clashes on the street . Heavily armed members of the Israeli police force took on the protesters after they started throwing bricks and stones .