The British Army is struggling to recruit enough technical experts for a secretive psychological warfare unit intended to combat Islamic State 's domination of the internet and social media . The specialised 77 Brigade , launched with great fanfare in January in response to the jihadis ' mastery of online propaganda , is in disarray after failing to enlist the right personnel . Earlier this year , it was widely reported that the brigade would be made up of 2,000 social media and psychological warfare exponents who would enable UK forces to fight wars ` in the information age ' . But The Mail on Sunday can reveal that even when fully operational , the brigade will number just 454 regular and reservist troops . And in a letter to his troops , the brigade 's commander says he has failed to recruit enough ` talent ' to challenge IS 's ascendency online . The British Army is struggling to recruit enough technical experts for a secretive psychological warfare unit intended to combat Islamic State 's domination of the internet and social media -LRB- stock image above -RRB- . Brigadier Alastair Aitken says he needs computer whizzkids skilled in ` social media , financial operations and counter-criminality ' but admits that civilians with the relevant experience are not natural recruits for the Army . The role of these keyboard warriors was expected to include covertly leaking messages about British successes to the enemy , via platforms such as Twitter , Facebook and Instagram , and contacting jihadis directly to spread false information . Brigadier Aitken 's letter adds : ` We are potentially not attracting the broadest range of talent from across the nation . ` Capacities such as social media , financial operations and counter-criminality will need an increased diversity of talent , opinions , skills and viewpoints . Members of ISIS regularly post on social media and just two days ago French television network TV5Monde was hacked by individuals claiming to belong to the group . ` We may need to redesign our terms and conditions of service to attract those that have these skills . ' The letter suggests some reservist troops will lose their posts in 77 Brigade , while many soldiers do not know what roles they will be assigned . Sources say this has led to a ` mutinous atmosphere ' at the brigade 's HQ -- Denison Barracks in Hermitage , Berkshire . Last night , the Ministry of Defence said reservists who lost their posts in 77 Brigade will be offered alternative roles .