He has shown himself to be quite a philanthropist . And Leonardo DiCaprio is planning to improve the ecosystem of an entire island in his latest crusade as an environmental activist . The 40-year-old actor is launching a project that will transform a small island off the coast of Belize into an eco-resort and conservation area . According to a Friday report from the New York Times , the Wolf Of Wall Street star , along with a partner , purchased the 104-acre Blackadore Caye nearly a decade ago for $ 1.75 million . But he recently teamed up with Paul Scialla , the chief executive of New York development firm Delos , to create the eco-conscious resort , with plans to open in 2018 . ` It was like heaven on earth , ' DiCaprio told the New York Times of his visit to the island in 2005 . ` And almost immediately , I found this opportunity to purchase an island there . ' Scroll down for video . Environmental mission : Leonardo DiCaprio bought Blackadore Caye , an unpopulated , private 104-acre Belizean island , in 2005 for $ 1.75 million , and now plans to build a luxury eco-resort there . Pictured here is an artists impression of a private villa on the island . ` It will change the world ' : The resort will have villas on a platform over the water , as well as artificial reefs with ` fish shelters ' and other features that hope to rehabilitate the ailing area . It is set to open in 2018 . Ambitious : Renderings of the project show an arc-shaped platform with villas and artificial reefs and fish shelters underneath . The ambitious project , which they will be calling ` Blackadore Caye , a Restorative Island , ' will be much like many other luxury resorts and include sprawling villas , infinity pools and beautiful views . But not only will the island revitalize its visitors , but also help restore the land itself , as it has endured deterioration from over-fishing , deforestation and an eroding coastline . The aim of DiCaprio and his partners is to rehabilitate the ecosystem of the area . Renderings of the ambitious project show an arc-shaped platform with villas over the water with artificial reefs and fish shelters underneath . The daily also reports that other features will include a nursery that will grow indigenous marine grass to support a manatee conservation area and mangrove trees replanted to replace invasive species . ` The main focus is to do something that will change the world , ' said the Titanic actor . ` I could n't have gone to Belize and built on an island and done something like this , if it were n't for the idea that it could be groundbreaking in the environmental movement . ' Activist : DiCaprio , who earned a reported $ 25 million pay packet for The Wolf Of Wall Street , is known for working on environmental causes . The Times reports that the plan is to build 68 resort villas and 48 private house . Some will are expected to be sold privately , and cost between $ 5 million and $ 15 million each , while the others will be available to guests . Nearby luxury resorts cost about $ 2,000-a-night . The project will also be monitored by a talented team of scientists , designers and engineers who along with landscape architects will closely monitor the resort 's impact on the island 's environment . After a scuba diving trip in Belize back in 2005 , DiCaprio bought the Blackadore Caye for $ 1.75 million with Jeff Gram , who owns Cayo Espanto Island Resort , which is a luxury vacation spot nearby . Private island : The nearest town to Blackadore Caye is San Pedro , which is a 15 minute boat ride away . The tiny Blackadore Caye is currently unpopulated . Big plans : Blackadore Caye -LRB- pictured -RRB- is a 104-acre island in the Caribbean Sea owned by DiCaprio and a business partner . The two plan to work with scientists and a NYC design firm to develop a resort that will ` rehabilitate ' the area , which is suffering . Tropical : DiCaprio hopes the island , when completed , will not only revitalize its visitors , but also help restore the land itself , as it has endured deterioration from over-fishing , deforestation and an eroding coastline . The Blood Diamond actor previously had an agreement with Four Seasons Hotels but the deal ultimately fell through , according to the publication . No doubt the ecotourism venture is right up DiCaprio 's alley as the project 's aim will certainly follow resorts before it that minimizes negative impact on a location and seeks to preserve natural resources . The actor is currently filming an adventure drama , The Revenant , alongside Tom Hardy . ` Paradise ' : The closest port to DiCaprio 's island is the town of San Pedro , on the southern part of the island of Ambergris Caye in Belize . Tourism : San Pedro is a known vacation spot in Belize . Vistors would take a 15-minute boat ride from here to DiCaprio 's resort .