In 2007 , Machu Picchu was named a ` New Wonder of the World ' . With the ancient Inca city featured on bucket lists the world over , visitors queuing up for the perfect photo of its other worldly beauty , it 's not surprising that cracks are starting to show . Since 2011 , the number of average daily number of visitors has far exceeded the daily limit of 2,500 agreed to by Peru and UNESCO . Last year 1.1 million people reached its dizzying peak . Scroll down for video . Entry to the site will be moved to a visitor and orientation centre and there will be three routes through the site . And now a new master plan , to be implemented between 2015 and 2019 , has been revealed , calling for the re-conceptualisation ' of Machu Picchu . According to the Andean Air Mail and Peruvian Times , the idea is to change the ` axis of the visitor experience ' making the mountain into a part of the tourist experience as well as the Inca city itself , with the hopes that this can control crowd flow - the project is set to cost around £ 28.5 million . Entry to the site will be moved to a visitor and orientation centre in the jungle below , and there will be three different routes through the site . A staff of certified guides and guards will be employed , and security cameras installed . Certified guides and guards will be employed , and security cameras installed as part of the grand plan . Also , time limits will be imposed to keep traffic flowing . An online document outlining the plan states : ` Groups of 100 visitors will leave approximately every 10 minutes -LRB- from the visitor 's centre -RRB- toward any of the possible options , easing up the congestion on the heritage space with the aid of interpretive signs and a more efficient action by the guides . ' So if groups of 100 are dispatched every ten minutes , the site would receive around 6,000 visitors per day , which works out as over two million a year . Plans have also been agreed for an exit ramp , as well as onsite toilets . Since 2011 , the number of average daily number of visitors has far exceeded the daily limit of 2,500 agreed to by Peru and UNESCO . In 2008 , UNESCO , the Ministry of Culture and the Peruvian Government agreed that no more than 2,500 people should visit the site per day . Due to a lack of emergency management , limited road access from Santa Maria and Santa Teresa and poorly managed waste facilities , increasing numbers of tourists would be potentially very dangerous . The new master plan aims to tackle all of those issues , but it could be argued that the sacred Inca city might never be the same again . Journey Latin America 's Peru expert , Isabelle Mazille , told Mail Online Travel : ` Machu Picchu is not a museum , but an experience -- and people go time and time again to visit certain areas . ` So with this idea of having a specific route from which you can not deviate , being able to go with a guide only and in short slots will definitely affect the experience ; it wo n't be the same . ` But on the other hand -- and this is the main issue -- based on the increasing number of visitors , the authorities need to do something to accommodate -LRB- and control -RRB- them as otherwise the site will crumble . ` On the positive side , a visitor and orientation centre is a good idea which will help organise and disperse the crowds ' .