A thief nicknamed the ` Black Widow of Facebook ' who drugged and robbed men after she lured them into bed has been arrested . Argentinian con-artist Sofia Davila posted raunchy pictures or herself online and then flirted with unsuspecting men she had contacted on the social network , suggesting they meet up for sex . But after meeting her victims , the 21-year-old from Buenos Aires , would spike their drinks and wait for them to fall unconscious , before ransacking their homes . Buenos Aires thief Sofia Davila , 21 , would start chatting to men over Facebook before suggesting that they meet up . When they did , she would spike their drinks and rob their homes after they fell unconscious . The 21-year-old posted raunchy pictures of herself on Facebook and flirt with strangers she added on the network . She was caught after trying to trick police that she was an innocent bystanders in the robberies . Diego Escalante , from Tigre , Buenos Aires , said he had been robbed after falling victim to the ploy . The 39-year-old said : ` We had been flirting with each other for about two weeks and then she suggested we get together . ` We went to a hotel and had a good time and when she suggested we meet again I did n't think anything was suspicious . ` The next time we met she came to my place and said she 'd like to drink her own alcohol and poured me one too . I then began to fill ill and passed out . ` When I woke up my feet and hands were tied and there were two men in my flat taking my TV , stereo and other things . ' After carrying out the ruse Davila went to the police station herself to report the robbery - claiming she had been forced to leave the flat by the men , and had been powerless to stop them . The thief has been nicknamed the ` Black Widow of Facebook ' . She is now awaiting trial after admitting tricking 15 men and robbing them . Two of her accomplices will also appear in court over the crimes . But a spokesman for the police said they were suspicious , having received numerous calls from men who had been stolen from after they spent the night with a woman they met over the internet . He said : ` The problem with her statement was that we had already received a dozen complaints from other men saying they had been robbed after meeting a woman over Facebook . ` This was the first time the woman had actually shown up herself though , but because she matched the description we already had we decided to hold her for questioning . One of Davila 's victims said the pair hit it off at a hotel , and he did n't think have any suspicions when they met up again at his home . He said she drugged him and he woke up with his feet tied and two men stealing his TV . ` As soon as we spoke to the victim we knew she was the woman behind the robberies and it only took a little while before we had a full confession . We also found that the man had been drugged . ' Davila admitted to bedding and robbing more than 15 men and is now awaiting trial along with her two accomplices . Argentinian news website DiarioVeloz.com said Davila , who worked in PR for a bowling alley , told police she was forced to commit the crimes to pay off her debts to a drug dealer .