Dr Christopher Valentine -LRB- pictured -RRB- used his iPod to take illicit photos of patients , a tribunal heard . A doctor who was allowed to continue working after taking intimate photographs of patients has been caught doing it again , it emerged yesterday . Dr Christopher Valentine , 52 , was sacked from a sexual health clinic and hauled before the General Medical Council nine years ago for photographing half-naked male and female patients without consent . His behaviour was branded ` inappropriate ' but he was not struck off and went to work at an NHS service for drug addicts and alcoholics . However , the married doctor has been caught again after a nurse saw images of a semi-naked man on his iPod Touch during a night out . Fiona White was stunned to find the pictures while looking at others he had taken of colleagues at a a leaving do . Valentine told her the image -- which appeared to be of a man 's genitals -- was of a patient 's heroin injection site , but Miss White and another nurse who saw it were suspicious and decided to report him to his boss . Yesterday , the Medical Practitioners ' Tribunal in Manchester heard that Miss White saw the pictures on the iPod in April 2013 at a leaving party for a member of Clydebank Community Addiction Team , a unit led by Valentine that treats addicts near Glasgow . Giving evidence at the fitness-to-practise hearing , Miss White said : ` He started taking photographs around the table and I asked to have a look at them . He handed me the device and I scrolled through and saw photos of people at the table and came across a photo of his cat . ` I kept going and came across a photo of what I would describe as a male groin . I did n't look close but I remember getting such a shock . ' Miss White gasped at the image , prompting her colleague Maria Forrester , who was sitting next to her , to look at the iPod , too . Mrs Forrester , a senior addiction nurse , said : ` In the blink of an eye I could see what she had reacted to . It looked like it was a part of a male body . She seemed quite startled . A nurse was swiping through photographs of Dr Valentine 's pets when she came across an image of a semi-naked man , a tribunal . ` I remember Dr Valentine saying these were pictures of injection sites . I think I did see genitals . ' Mrs Forrester said she met Miss White later to discuss their concerns , adding : ` There was a consensus that both of us had seen a naked image of part of a male 's body . ` I was concerned that patients were being photographed without consent . I thought I had to report this . ` I could n't think of any reason why that doctor would have pictures of patients ' groins . ' Valentine told his boss he took the photos for teaching purposes and used his iPod because he was unable to use NHS equipment . The fitness to practice hearing took place at the Medical Practitioners Tribunal Service -LRB- pictured -RRB- in Manchester . But an investigation found he used the device to take 53 photos , some of vulnerable patients of both sexes . Some were stored on his home computer . More than half had been deleted when the iPod was seized and had to be retrieved by IT specialists . Valentine , of Dunoon , west Scotland , admitted ten allegations of taking photographs without medical reason or consent and showing them to colleagues . He denied lying to his boss about how many he had taken and keeping them on his device until August 2013 . The hearing continues .