An editor for a Los Angeles-based fashion website has opened up about going from a super skinny size two to a ` healthy ' size ten , in a new article about body acceptance . Being obsessed about having the perfect body is not exclusive to those working in fashion , but it is an industry that encourages it , and Meghan Blalock , Managing Editor of popular style website Who What Wear , is the first to admit that things can get carried away . In a new article published on her website , the 29-year-old editor reveals what her changing sizes taught her about being comfortable in her own skin and how being thinner did not equal being happier - though she admits that this is only something she has recently started coming to terms with . Strike a pose : Meghan Blalock , pictured at a Marchesa shoot in 2014 , when she ` squeezed into ' a small size six dress , has opened up about her battle with body image . Blogger extraordinaire : Meghan wrote the article for the website Who What Wear , where she works as a Managing Editor . ` I was teased for being fat starting around seven or eight years old , ' she writes . ` Of course , I was far from actually being fat , but I think the cruelty of my peers ended up having a long-term impact that I am just overcoming . ' In her confessional , Meghan describes being every different size from a two to a ten , explaining that her smallest form was achieved after losing 25 pounds as a teenager when she ` made it my mission to show up to my freshman year looking fitter and better than ever ' . She met that goal by going on a restriction diet and ` exercising like crazy all summer ' . Stepping into the school on the first day back to a windfall of compliments , Meghan admits that she felt ` amazing ' , but also reveals that the ` high ' she gained from being thin led her down a path to ` an actual addiction ' . Ever-changing : The 29-year-old , pictured when she was somewhere between a size four and a size six , says she has been ` pretty much every size you can imagine ' ` Eventually , I ended up somewhere around 110 pounds , and I stopped menstruating , ' she writes . ` My `` rock bottom , '' as they say , came when , at 15 years old , I found myself in my parents ' bathroom , sobbing because I had overshot my calorie limit for the day , and was pondering vomiting it all up . ' That turning point put Meghan on the journey to accepting her body . And while it was a long time before she truly achieved that state , she now confesses that she knows the times in her life when she was at her skinniest , were also the periods when she was the most unhappy . ` The times when I have been thin , when I looked really , really great in every single photo , are the times when I have been the most miserable on the inside , ' she says . ` When I 've been my skinniest , I 've been my unhappiest : Meghan says she is much more happy since she let go of trying to be extra thin . A healthy size eight : Meghan , pictured in November 2014 , is now a yoga addict and more comfortable in her skin than she 's ever been . While Meghan claims to believe not all size two women are miserable , she adds that it is ` simply not my natural state ' , and usually stemmed from issues like stress and eating disorders . Today , Meghan says she is a healthy size eight , regularly does yoga and tries to ` feel nothing but positive feelings ' when looking in the mirror . She admits that it 's a battle to truly feel that way , but she rounds up her article on the advice that she has learned : ` It simply does not matter what size you are . ` What matters is your internal state -- your happiness , contentment , and joy -- and that your body is healthy , ' she says . ` Obviously , this is much easier said than done , but take it from a woman who has seen some success at trying not to care : It 's possible , and what you experience on the other side is a whole new level of freedom . '