Ed Miliband has overtaken David Cameron as the most popular political leader for the first time . In a shock new poll that will send shockwaves through Downing Street , the Labour leader has jumped ahead of the Prime Minister in personal approval ratings . The Labour Party has also taken a commanding four point lead over the Tories with just 28 days until polling day , according to the pollsters Survation . Labour leader Ed Miliband has jumped ahead of the Prime Minister in personal approval ratings , a Survation poll has revealed . The revelation comes in the wake of a furious political row over the Labour leader 's personal character -- after the Defence Secretary Michael Fallon said Mr Miliband could stab Britain in the back like he did to his brother . Mr Miliband responded by accusing the Tories of dragging the election campaign ` into the gutter ' . The Tories have pinned much of their election hopes on turning the campaign into a straight choice between Mr Cameron and the Labour leader . But the campaign could backfire if Mr Miliband overtakes the Prime Minister in the polls . According to tonight 's Survation poll for the Daily Mirror , with less than a month until the general election , Labour has opened up a four-point gap over the Tories . Labour is up 2 points on 35 , the Conservatives down one to 31 . Nigel Farage 's Ukip , meanwhile , are down three to 15 with the Lib Dems still struggling on just 9 per cent . The SNP and the Greens are on 4 per cent each . It is the biggest Labour lead in a Survation poll since February and was conducted after the party announced plans to scrap a ` tax loophole ' used by wealthy ` non doms ' to lower their tax bills . With less than a month until the general election , Labour has opened up a four-point gap over the Tories . The Tories have pinned much of their election hopes on turning the campaign into a straight choice between Mr Cameron and the Labour leader . According to tonight 's poll , nearly seven out of ten voters back Mr Miliband 's proposal to scrap the non dom tax status . Four out of 10 voters ` strongly ' support the move -- with just 14 per cent opposed . The poll surveyed 1,111 people on Wednesday and Thursday . Miliband announced on Wednesday that he wanted to scrap tax rules that allow wealthy individuals to legally reduce the amount of tax they pay on money earned overseas . The Survation poll found 59 percent of respondents supported the idea . A separate poll , by Yougov for The Sun newspaper on Wednesday , gave Labour a one percentage point lead over the Conservatives .