Sarazen , Hogan , Player , Nicklaus , Woods , McIlroy . Perhaps the biggest compliment to the man who would join the golfing gods this week is that his name does not look out of place among the pantheon . Rory McIlroy could become just the sixth man to win the Grand Slam at Augusta National on Sunday , and while that represents the pinnacle of on-course achievement , he has designs on not just filling his trophy cabinet but becoming the true figurehead of his sport . That is the view of Paul McGinley , Europe 's Ryder Cup captain extraordinaire , who sums up the attitude in this neat way : McIlroy is no Jose Mourinho . Winning at all costs and to hell with the consequences is just not his style , unlike Chelsea 's ruthless manager . ` Is it all about winning titles , is it all about the Mourinho way of `` I 'm going to get as many medals and titles as I can '' ? ' ponders McGinley . ` Or is it , I 'm the No 1 player in the world , I represent the game of golf , am I going to become somebody like Tiger Woods did , an iconic figure in world sport , and try to introduce and propel the game forward ? Rory McIlroy has designs on becoming the true figurehead of his sport , says Paul McGinley . McIlroy goes into this week 's Masters at Augusta National as favourite but he 's aiming for more than trophies . McGinley says McIlroy 's ambitions are unlike Chelsea 's relentless win-at-all-costs manager Jose Mourinho . McGinley , McIlroy 's Ryder Cup-winning coach , says the world No 1 aims to be an iconic figure in world sport . ` My hunch knowing Rory is that it 's more about representing that No 1 position , and bringing as many titles along with it as he can . ' McGinley , by the way , is a die-hard West Ham fan . And he knows McIlroy well . Fellow sons of the Emerald Isle , McGinley helped coax arguably the greatest round of McIlroy 's life , the utter demolition of America 's own golden boy , Rickie Fowler , 5 & 4 at Gleneagles last year . McGinley speaks glowingly of McIlroy from their time together on the winning Ryder Cup team . There were signs before the Ryder Cup that McIlroy was not just in single-minded pursuit of greatness , but had his eyes on the greater good . McGinley wanted to give short and sharp tips to his young charge on how to prepare for Gleneagles ; but McIlroy simply would n't shut up about it . ` I swear , I honestly could not have asked for one per cent more out of Rory , in the whole two years of Ryder Cup , ' enthuses McGinley . ` Every time I had a chat with him , he was so engaged with it . Often I 'd be walking away and he 'd be pulling me back to talk more . He wanted more and more , and he was sharing ideas , he was terrific . ' While it 's easy to get carried away in the face of such extraordinary talent , McIlroy still has one giant leap to overcome . He must stand firm on the slippery slopes of Augusta 's rolling fairways and conquer the course that has beaten him up on two excruciating occasions , and where his best finish was eighth last year . Woods , meanwhile , has mastered the place four times . ` Rory is evolving as a player , and he 's evolving as a person too . He 's not the finished article , even now at 25 . It 's not right to compare him to Tiger Woods . What Woods has done in his career is a yardstick , Rory is still evolving towards that and every year he is getting better and better , but he still has a long way to go to meet the standards that Tiger set . ' McGinley , who will be at the Masters in Augusta commentating for Sky Sports , the only place to watch all four days live , cites Woods 's supreme patience as the hallmark of a true great -- McIlroy glaringly lacked the latter during his final-round horror show in 2011 . McGinley walks with Graeme McDowell and McIlroy as they prepared for the 2014 Ryder Cup . McGinley will be watching his former charges at the Masters closely as a pundit for Sky Sports . Four years on , however , McIlroy 's rivals know they are battling to contain a different beast . ` The one thing that Rory has proved is that he 's able to learn from his mistakes and move on , ' says McGinley , who talks now of an ` aura ' surrounding the man who will be going for his third major in a row after his Open and US PGA Championship victories last summer . Does McIlroy intimidate his opponents before a ball has even been struck ? ` Yeah , I think a bit . Not as much as Tiger , but again he 's evolving towards that . When Rory 's driving the ball like he can , he 's very intimidating . He knows he has the ability , when he finds that extra gear , that nobody else can match him . ' There is a word of warning , however . ` It will be a matter of time before someone catches up with him and somebody will challenge him . Tiger had that and then guys caught up with him . ' The men most likely to challenge McIlroy 's bid for immortality are most likely to be a number of old Ryder Cup foes -- although Woods will surely not be among them . Bubba Watson , the defending champion , a reformed and refocused Dustin Johnson , the extraordinary 21-year-old Texan Jordan Spieth and Fowler , if he has got over his humbling at Gleneagles , all look most likely to push McIlroy hardest . McIlroy is intimidating for his opponents when he 's hitting the ball as he can , says McGinley . Tiger Woods returns to the fold for the Masters but is n't expected to be challenging McIlroy for the green jacket . Masters defending champion Bubba Watson -LRB- left -RRB- and a reformed and refocused Dustin Johnson . Jordan Spieth , the extraordinary Texan 21-year-old , is also considered among the 2015 title contenders . ` A rival will be good for Rory , ' insists McGinley . ` If Dustin steps up to the plate like some people are expecting him to , or Spieth , or Rickie , if some of those guys win a major , that 'll only be good for him . Rory has reacted well to adversity and guys challenging him in the past . ' But the toughest opponent McIlroy could face in future might not come on the course , but from the voice within . ` The biggest challenge that Rory has got is keeping the fire lit in his heart . That 's the biggest challenge anybody would have . That 's what made Tiger phenomenal at the top for as long as he was . ` At the moment Rory has it , he 's had it for a number of years , he 's got that incredible passion . Keeping that lit for another 20 years is another question . We wo n't know the answer , but that 's his biggest challenge . ' That 's why it 's always handy to have a man like captain McGinley around , to help fan those flames . This week , however , McIlroy is on his own . Thankfully the fire is raging more than ever .