The Manchester derby is now one of the biggest match-ups in world football . Millions across the globe cram around TV screens to catch a glimpse of the fixture , and its appeal gets ever greater with each passing season . But just how Manchester is the clash between City and United ? Sportsmail takes a look at everything local between the two giants . Sergio Aguero and Manchester City travel to Old Trafford to face United on Sunday afternoon . Owners . You will not find many United fans who pine for the days when Martin Edwards , son of a Salford butcher , ruled the roost at Old Trafford . Despite being the man who brought Sir Alex Ferguson to the club and backed him when many wanted him sacked , former chairman Edwards -LRB- who was later cautioned after a peeping tom episode in a ladies toilet -RRB- remained a figure of distrust . Likewise , there will not be many City supporters who look back fondly on the chaotic era of hometown former TV salesman and combover king Peter Swales , who often came across as out of tune with reality -LRB- if you get a chance watch the hilariously belief-defying City ! documentary on YouTube -RRB- , as he went through manager after manager after manager . Peter Swailes was local , but not many Manchester City fans want to be reminded of his chairmanship . Not many United fans pine for the days when Martin Edwards , son of a Salford butcher , ruled the roost . Sheikh Mansour might not be local but is a hugely popular figure at Manchester City after bankrolling the club . Avram -LRB- left -RRB- and Joel Glazer have proved divisive figures at United since their family bought the club . At Old Trafford , there remains a resentment for those upstairs . That the owners are from Tampa and not Timperley , however , is irrelevant . The Glazer family could be from Timbuktu - their cash-draining tenure is still hard to take even though the yellow and green scarves are not as easy to spot . Across town , however , the sheikh who shook it up for the Blues is a hero . Is there a more popular owner in football ? While City fans may no longer -LRB- thankfully -RRB- pay homage by wearing Arabic robes or waving £ 20 notes in the air , the man from Abu Dhabi is adored . Managers . It has always been rare to find a football club with a hometown manager . However , you do get the sense that both Louis van Gaal and Manuel Pellegrini do their best to familairise themselves with their environment . Van Gaal has taken a lot of local knowledge from Ryan Giggs . More than once the Dutchman has asked the son of Salford -LRB- via Cardiff -RRB- to speak to the players about the opposition and tell them exactly what victory would mean to the supporters . Giggs , a fierce Red , is said to have come into his own when Liverpool were next up . Louis van Gaal has tried to immerse himself in the local culture after taking over as manager last summer . Van Gaal has leaned on assistant boss Ryan Giggs for tips around the city during his stint in charge . Manuel Pellegrini has been keen to familiarise himself with Manchester over the last two years . Manager Pellegrini with chairman Khaldoon Al Mubarak -LRB- left -RRB- over in Abu Dhabi last May . Van Gaal , who originally stationed himself at a city centre hotel , frequented many of the city 's finest eating establishments and knows his way around town . While you wo n't see Pellegrini supping a pint of mild next to the bronze statue of LS Lowry in city centre backstreet boozer Sam 's Chop House , the Chilean has also been quick to immerse himself in local culture . Not too long after his arrival he was spotted in a Hale picture shop , having maps of the local area framed for his walls . However , when this reporter once asked him if he had been anywhere nice during his time off the answer of ` York ' was not what was expected . Coaches . The aforementioned Giggs , as assistant manager , gives the coaching staff at Old Trafford a homegrown element . Brian Kidd -LRB- right , at Crystal Palace on Monday -RRB- is Manchester through and through . Kidd is more Mancunian than Happy Mondays dancer Bez drinking a can of Boddingtons in the rain . Unless Tyler Blackett makes a comeback for United there wo n't be any local lads in the two XIs . Aside from the local lad , the only things missing from Carrington are a windmill and some tulips with Dutch quintet Frans Hoek , Albert Stuivenberg , Marcel Bout , Jos van Dijk and Max Reckers key players . It is a similar situation at City with Brian Kidd , more Mancunian than Bez drinking a can of Boddingtons in the rain , co-assistant manager alongside a number of the boss 's trusted lieutenants . Fiery Argentinian Ruben Cousillas splits responsibilities with Kidd while goalkeeping coach Xabier Mancisidor and Jose Cabello , both Spaniards , complete the Latin look . Players . Both clubs pride themselves on bringing through their own products . However , when Sir Alex arrived at Old Trafford he was disgusted to learn that City scooped the cream of Manchester 's talent and quickly -LRB- and successfully -RRB- set about putting that right . A generation such as the Class of '92 is unlikely to be seen again , but the derby could see no Mancunians in either squad for the second time in a row . For three years , after the departure of Wes Brown to Sunderland , Danny Welbeck flew the Manchester flag . But following the Longsight lad 's move to Arsenal , November 's first instalment at the Etihad Stadium saw not one hometown native in either squad for the first time in living memory . Sir Alex Ferguson was disgusted that City 's youth academy was more profitable on arrival at United . Along with Ferguson , Eric Harrison -LRB- left -RRB- brought through the Class of 92 , to include Ryan Giggs , Nicky Butt , David Beckham , Gary Neville , Phil Neville , Paul Scholes and Terry Cooke . Wayne Rooney was only born 30 miles down the road but he may as well be from another planet as far as many from this neck of the woods are concerned . There will be Italians , Argentines , Spaniards , Ivorians and maybe even a Colombian , but unless Tyler Blackett can stun the football world and force his way into Van Gaal 's line-up , it will be a Manc-free derby . Fans . Interest in the derby will be spread all over the world . United like to remind us of their 659m global followers while City , according to a recent club-commissioned report , have a fanbase that is rapidly expanding across the planet . Outside Old Trafford , street vendors will attempt to flog half-and-half scarves . Some of the tourists may even buy them . Manchester City fans are derided by their rivals for the amount of 'em pty seats ' at the Etihad Stadium . Regardless , nowhere will victory be celebrated with as much vigour and defeat taken with as much bitterness as in Manchester . No United fans from Manchester ? City fans all from Stockport ? Nonsense . Ask any Red or Blue if they fancy going into work on Monday after a derby loss and they will give you the same answer . While City fans may serenade their hosts with ` You 're the pride of Singapore ' and United supporters respond in kind with jibes about empty seats at ` the council house ' both know that this is a city divided by football loyalties .