Caller ID as we know it could be getting a revamp . Facebook has launched a new app called Hello designed to give you more control over who can call you and how their details appear - even if their number is n't stored in your contacts book . It pulls in any publicly-shared data from a user 's Facebook profile and lets you easily block unwanted callers . Scroll down for video . Facebook has launched a new app called Hello -LRB- pictured -RRB- designed to give you more control over who can call you and how their details appear - even if their number is n't stored in your contacts book . It pulls in any publicly-shared data from a user 's Facebook profile and lets you easily block unwanted callers . The free app is currently in testing and is only available on Android devices in the US . It is expected to roll out to other regions and devices if testing is successful . ` Billions of calls are made everyday on mobile phones and people often have very little information about who 's calling them , ' explained Facebook 's product manager Andrea Vaccari in a blog post . Facebook has tweaked its News Feed setting to make posts from friends more prominent . The rules about seeing multiple posts from the same person in a row have been relaxed to show more from friends . Content posted directly by friends who people interact with more or have a direct relationship with will now appear higher up in News Feed so they are less likely to miss it . The latest update will also make posts and Pages that friends have liked and commented on appear lower down . Facebook said : ` The goal of News Feed is to show you the content that matters to you . ` This means we need to give you the right mix of updates from friends and businesses . ` This balance is different for everyone -LSB- and -RSB- as more people and pages are sharing more content , we need to keep improving News Feed to get this balance right . ' ` Today we are starting to test Hello , a new app built by the Messenger team . ` Hello connects with Facebook so you can see who 's calling , block unwanted calls and search for people and places . ' When a user receives a call , Hello shows them info about who 's calling , even if they do n't have that number saved . Users will only see information that people have already shared on Facebook , and not everyone links their mobile number to their account so this could be the app 's downfall . Callers must also have a Facebook account in order for the data to be shared but they do n't necessarily have to be logged in at the time of the call . They also do n't need to have Hello installed , either . Another feature of Hello includes making it easier to block unwanted calls . From the settings menu in Hello people can block specific numbers and adjust whether they want to automatically block calls from commonly blocked numbers . This is useful for blocking company phone numbers or spam callers , for example , and blocked calls go straight to voicemail . When a user receives a call Hello shows them info about who 's calling , even if they do n't have that number saved -LRB- pictured left -RRB- . Hello also makes it easier to block unwanted calls and see which numbers have been blocked from other users -LRB- pictured right -RRB- in the app 's settings menu . The list of blocked calls can also be reviewed in the recent calls list . If a call is made and the number is n't linked to a Facebook account , Hello simply shows the number like a traditional caller ID . However , if other users have blocked this number the number of times it has been blocked is also shown . Elsewhere , when users search for people and businesses on Facebook they can call them with one tap when Hello is installed . And in the case of searching for businesses , Hello will also show opening hours and web addresses where possible , on the user 's screen .