A large gas pipeline exploded into a tower of fire on Friday in Central California , closing both directions of a major highway and injuring at least 15 people , four of them critically , authorities said . It was not clear what caused the explosion at the Fresno County Sheriff 's gun range that brought traffic in the area to a halt . The explosion on a Pacific Gas & Electric Co. pipe carrying natural gas happened while an equipment operator and a group of county jail inmates were expanding a road alongside Highway 99 , according to Fresno County Sheriff Margaret Mims . Scroll down for video . A fireball erupts after a large gas pipeline exploded in Fresno , California , on Friday . The explosion and fire closed both directions of Highway 99 , authorities said . A firefighter watches the blaze shot well over 100 feet into the air . Eleven people were injured , three critically , in the explosion . The flames shot well over 100 feet into the air , witnesses said . Traffic heading north and south on Highway 99 in Fresno was halted by the explosion about 2.30 pm as flames towered over the roadway , the California Highway Patrol reported . The highway was reopened three hours later , the CHP said . The driver of the front-loader was a county public works employee who had been working at the shooting range all day working on a tall berm that confines gunfire to the range , Mims said . Ten inmates and the operator were hospitalized , she said . Three inmates were evaluated and sent back to jail , and two deputies were being evaluated for ringing ears and exposure to the hot blast . Four patients were being treated at Community Regional Medical Center 's burn and trauma unit , spokeswoman Mary Lisa Russell said . Three of them are in critical condition and one is in serious condition . The explosion on a Pacific Gas & Electric Co. pipe carrying natural gas happened at the gun range while an equipment operator and a group of county jail inmates were expanding a road , according to authorities . Pacific Gas & Electric crews are seen in the distance along the Fresno road after the massive explosion . Four other patients were taken to St. Agnes Hospital and three more to Madera Community Hospital . Asked whether the driver was scraping or digging the earth when the gas exploded , Mims said her office is investigating . ` Hopefully we 'll be able to speak to the worker to see what action he was taking at the time , ' she said . Mims noted pg & e had , some time ago , marked the location of gas lines in the construction zones . The flames prompted a two-alarm call of firefighters , said Pete Martinez of the Fresno Fire Department . A nearby rail line was also halted out of concern that a passing train could spark leaking gas . Kevin Ling was driving by shortly after the blast , and he saw fire flying into the sky . ` As I got closer , the flames were just bigger and bigger , ' he said . ` It was shooting up to 200 feet or more , and a fireball maybe ten-to-15 feet in diameter . It was like out of a movie . ' ` My window was up and my AC was on and it still felt like a furnace inside my car , ' he added . Emergency respondents gather near the scene of a gas line rupture . Those who were injured were taken to several different hospitals in the area . Highway 99 , a major highway in central California , was closed in both directions after the gas-line explosion . The 12-inch diameter pipeline involved in the fire belongs to pg & e , Martinez said . A front-loader was in the area , but it 's unclear if the vehicle was digging at the time of the explosion , he said , adding that ` it was a large explosion that shook the surrounding area ' . pg & e spokesman Denny Boyles said the pipeline was damaged by a vehicle and that the line was buried but he did n't know how deeply . The flame from the pipe was extinguished at about an hour and a half after the blast , he said . Another pg & e spokesman , Keith Stephens , referred questions to local authorities . ` Our thoughts and prayers are with those who are reported to be injured , ' he said . The Fresno County Sheriff 's Office is investigation as to whether the driver of a front-loader doing work in the area was scraping or digging the earth when the gas exploded . The California Public Utilities Commission said in a statement that it is investigating the explosion in cooperation with the Federal Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration . pg & e 's natural-gas operations have been under scrutiny following a fiery 2010 pg & e pipeline blast that killed eight people in the San Francisco suburb of San Bruno . National Transportation Safety Board investigators blamed faulty safety practices by pg & e , and lax oversight by state regulators , for the 2010 blast . Earlier this month , state regulators leveled the state 's biggest-ever penalty against a utility - $ 1.6 billion - against pg & e for the San Bruno blast . California Public Utilities Commission President Michael Picker said at the time that continuing safety citations against the utility made him doubt that the utility had embraced a culture of safety , and he raised the possibility of breaking apart the utility 's gas and electric operations . The 12-inch diameter pipeline involved in the fire belongs to pg & e , Pete Martinez of the Fresno Fire Department , said . Ten inmates and the operator were hospitalized , she said . Three inmates were evaluated and sent back to jail , and two deputies were being evaluated for ringing ears and exposure to the hot blast .