Historian David Starkey has launched an astonishing attack on the ` victim status ' of ethnic minorities and disabled people - and says women are only of average intelligence . The television presenter also gave his views on the current political class , claiming he did not believe any politician was equipped to be prime minister and the ` real talent has left politics ' . The outspoken 70-year-old said evidence suggested women tended to be of average intelligence , whereas men were either ` very , very bright or very thick ' , but denied he is sexist . Scroll down for video . Outspoken : Historian David Starkey -LRB- pictured -RRB- says ethnic minority groups and disabled people should not ` assume the status of victim ' In a wide-ranging interview with the Daily Telegraph , he hit out at Baroness Doreen Lawrence , the mother of race murder victim Stephen , for following what he claimed was the approach of US civil rights leaders after Martin Luther King 's death by ` treating blacks as victims ' . He said : ` They espoused victimhood and violence . And I think to a dangerous extent that has happened in this country . With all the praise that 's been lavished on Doreen Lawrence , she 's constantly treating blacks as victims . ` All forms of liberation , and I speak as gay and I was in all this when it was n't fashionable , when you did n't get your CBE for being a prominent poofter , when there were actual penalties for doing it - all of them depend upon you taking control . About you refusing to be a victim . David Starkey also hit out at Baroness Doreen Lawrence -LRB- pictured -RRB- , for following what he claimed was the approach of US civil rights leaders after Martin Luther King 's death by ` treating blacks as victims ' ` And I find it very , very sad the sway there is now this perpetual procession of people - group after group - wanting to assume the status of victim . It 's catastrophic . ' Starkey , who said he was ` born quite seriously disabled ' , added people with physical and mental disabilities should not be portrayed as victims . And he claimed fears of Islamophobia were victimising Muslims , making them ` therefore somehow privileged and exempt ' . A recent poll showed many Muslims reported higher community tensions , with one in three saying they felt under greater suspicion in the last few years , while 44 per cent of non-Muslims reporting being more wary .