Police in Idaho are trying to track down the man who saved a driver from the scene of a precarious car crash at the edge of a cliff in Idaho yesterday . The crash occurred about 8 am Wednesday in Lewiston , at a drop called Bryden Canyon . The driver of the truck involved , Mathew Sitko , 23 , drove through a yard and over two terraces before getting snared in a chain-link fence . The fence is the only reason the car vehicle did not topple over into the canyon with Sitko still behind the wheel , police told the Lewiston Tribune . Scroll down for videos . Incredible rescue : Police in Lewiston , Idaho , are looking for this passer-by who pulled driver Matthew Sitko , 23 , from his car that was dangling over a cliff on Wednesday . Sitko crashed through the adjoiningg property and would have driven off the drop if it were n't for the chain-link fence . That 's when the mystery man arrived at the scene . The man , a passer-by , grabbed a nearby rock and smashed Sitko 's window , before pulling the victim from the car . He dragged Sitko further up to safety , where police and paramedics arrived shortly after to assist . ` He said he had to go , and he left , ' Lewiston police officer Eric Olson told the Tribune . Driver : Mathew Sitko , 23 , of Lewiston , Idaho , is recovering in hospital from minor injuries following the crash . He wrote on his Facebook page that he feels ` blessed ' for what happened . Sitko was taken to hospital and is recovering from minor injuries , however he is lucky to be alive . It is unclear how far the canyon drop actually measured . Witnesses say Sitko was driving erratically and swerved to miss another motorist when the crash occurred . While police are investigating , they say he appeared to suffer a ` mental episode ' . Not long after the crash Sitko posted to his Facebook page that he felt blessed . ` Good morning everyone ! I am truly blessed by God today !! Thank you God & Jesus for taking care of me !! I love you ! ' he wrote on his Facebook . Sitko lists his job as working for Moscow and Lewiston Landscaping .