When it comes to glamour , the bride is expected to be the centre of attention on her big day . But when Andy Murray and his long-term girlfriend tie the knot today , Kim Sears will have stiff competition from the mothers . Judy Murray , 55 , who has had a makeover since her appearance on Strictly Come Dancing last year , is said to have spent months planning her outfit . But she could be outshone by Leonore Sears , 53 , who has long been admired on the tennis circuit by gentlemen of a certain vintage . Scroll down for video . Glamorous : Kim 's mother Leonore Sears , 53 , centre , has long been admired by those on the tennis circuit . Makeover : Judy Murray has undergone a transformation since her appearance on Strictly Come Dancing . Blushing bride : However , it is still unlikely either of them will manage to outshine Kim , pictured leaving the cathedral with her soon-to-be husband Andy on Friday . With her long blonde hair and trim figure , the South African -- who works for Cambridge University Press and lives in Sussex with husband Nigel , 58 -- bears a strong resemblance to her daughter . The ceremony , in Murray 's home town , Dunblane , is being hailed there as the event of the year . One charity shop has displayed mannequins of the bride and groom , while many are calling it Scotland 's royal wedding . Dunblane Cathedral has been decked out with trees for the ceremony -- perhaps inspired by the way Westminster Cathedral was decorated for the wedding of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge in 2011 . The whole town is excited about the local tennis star returning to tie the knot . Butcher John Hill from John Hills Butcher has made Prosecco sausages . Butcher Connor Wilson from Bennets the Butcher in Dunblane has made ` sweetheart burgers ' A hair salon send their best wishes to Andy and Kim . Graham Fleming is pictured hanging out the bunting as the town prepares for ` their royal wedding ' Murray and Miss Sears , both 27 , who met ten years ago , were initially expected to marry in the small chapel at Cromlix House , the luxury hotel owned by the tennis star . The former Wimbledon champion has said the wedding will not be a star-studded affair , with the biggest name on the guest list likely to be former British No 1 Tim Henman . The couple are also said to have delayed their honeymoon until the end of the year to accommodate Murray 's tennis schedule . Trees were wheeled into Dunblane cathedral earlier today ahead of the nuptials . Preparations were in full-swing all day today for the wedding tomorrow . Trees line Dunblane Cathedral ahead of the wedding ceremony . The local papers have dedicated their coverage to the happy couple .