Locked up : David Norris , 51 , was jailed for 20 years for the attempted murder of his estranged wife . A jilted husband who repeatedly stabbed his estranged wife in a graveyard screaming ` Go to sleep with your mum ! ' has been jailed for 20 years . David Norris 's wife begged him to think of their children as he launched his vicious attack - but he only stopped stabbing her when she ` played dead ' and a member of the public intervened . Today he was sentenced at Maidstone Crown Court after being found guilty of attempted murder . Norris , 51 , pounced on his wife Dionne in the graveyard of St Nicholas Church in Southfleet , near Gravesend , in Kent , as she was about to lay flowers at the grave of his grandmother on October 11 last year . The pair , whose marriage had broken down in August of that year , had arranged to meet up to lay flowers first at the grave of the victim 's mother , then at Norris 's grandmother 's , as they did every year . Norris collected his wife and they visited the first gravesite before they had a conversation about their marriage and whether it could be saved . She told Norris she did not feel she could forgive him for some of his actions and he told her she had destroyed their family . Mrs Norris said she did not want to argue and they agreed to carry on to the second graveyard as planned . While she was unwrapping the bouquet of flowers , Norris lingered at the car boot before walking over to join her . He said : ` If I ca n't have you , no one can have you . ' He lunged at her , knocking her over and grabbing her round the throat . Screaming , she managed to struggle free momentarily before he jumped on her again , brandishing a knife . She begged him to think of their children but Norris stabbed her repeatedly . A member of the public tried to intervene but Norris threatened him with the knife before turning to stab Mrs Norris again , telling her : ` Go to sleep , go to sleep with your mum . ' He walked away and the member of the public returned and called the police , comforting Mrs Norris until the emergency services arrived . She had suffered numerous stab wounds to her upper body , arms and hands , as well as a collapsed lung . Officers immediately began searching for Norris , who had called his sons and an uncle and asked them to meet him as soon as he had left the crime scene . He met them and they convinced him to hand himself in to police . Norris and his wife Dionne had visited St Nicholas Church , Southfleet -LRB- pictured -RRB- to lay flowers on his grandmother 's grave . The 51-year-old then began stabbing his wife , screaming ` Go to sleep with your mum ! ' He was arrested at North Kent Police Station in Thames Way and charged with attempted murder . Senior Investigating Officer , Detective Inspector Gavin Moss , said : ` Norris attacked his estranged wife after she made it clear to him she had no interest in reconciling . ` He pounced on her when she was having a private moment of reflection in a graveyard and stabbed her repeatedly , ignoring her as she pleaded for her life . ` When he was arrested , he told officers he was a good man and had never done something so awful before . ` Kent Police had never received any reports of domestic abuse from either Norris or his victim but the violence and lack of mercy he demonstrated in this vicious assault show that he intended to kill his wife . ` It is extremely fortunate that she did not suffer any fatal injuries and I would like to take this opportunity to commend her courage and wish her all the best in her continued recovery . ` Faced with the evidence our officers had built up against Norris , including eyewitness testimony , the jury has convicted him today and handed him a lengthy custodial sentence where he may finally recognise the horrendous ordeal he put his victim through . '