We 've seen hot dudes reading , hot dudes drinking coffee , and even hot dudes posing like cats -LRB- yes this is a real thing , ask Google . And you 're welcome -RRB- . But a new Instagram account gives them all a run for their money by showcasing buff , often topless , men cuddling their adorable pet pups . A treat for those who love both man and man 's best friend , Hot Dudes With Dogs has picked up quite a pace since launching a month ago . Scroll down for video . New Instagram account Hot Dudes With Dogs features men looking hot while posing with dogs . The account was started by writer Kaylin Pound and relies on submissions via direct messages . Now boasting 148,000 followers , the account relies on submissions via direct messages , and is dedicated to finding and posting images of the hottest guys with the cutest pups they can possibly find . The account 's tagline is : ` These dudes with dogs will make you drool more than man 's best friend ' , and #muscles and #mutts are regular hashtags . Highlights include a tiny puppy looking into the camera while wearing its handsome owner 's sunglasses , and another enjoying a float around a pool in a doughnut-print rubber ring ; paws on its owner 's chest . Another post of an Alsatian running along with its skateboarding owner attracted an impressive 8,435 likes . This post of an Alsatian running along with it 's skateboarding owner attracted an impressive 8,435 likes . Other cute dogs , from boxers to Boston terriers , are pictured chilling with their owners , sometimes in bed , on the sofa , or even in the car , and put through a flattering filer . The account belongs to Elite Daily 's staff writer Kaylin Pound , who also created the Rich Dogs Of Instagram account . She told the Huffington Post that she began her latest endeavour by finding photos online , but soon enough the submissions came flooding in thick and fast . Kaylin says the account is now freshly stocked with images sent to her directly from the hot dudes and their furry friends . A cute Boston terrier enjoys a cuddle with its handsome owner in bed ; either Sierra or Rise prettifying that morning light . A boxer looks out into the distance relaxing by a lake with owner Erik James , copying his pose . Dogs are pictured chilling with their owners , sometimes in bed , on the sofa , or even in the car , and put through a flattering colour filter . Kaylin also created the Rich Dogs Of Instagram account and started Hot Duded by scrolling the social media site for suitable snaps . The account now has submissions flooding in and Kaylin says it is well stocked , so we can expect many more adorable posts like this . This is the latest account following on from the trend for ` hot dudes ' doing all sorts of random things . The ultimate Instagram eye candy , the account has amassed hundreds of thousands of followers in just a month . If you 're a hot dude with a dog you can follow the account and send a direct message with your picture . Kaylin then gets to pick and choose which ones to put up . Some , like this one -LRB- 13.1 k likes ! -RRB- prove especially popular . Model Marvin poses for a selfie with his puppy in bed . Australian Tom Hintze and his husky are pictured having fun in the sun .