Crown Princess Mary attended an Anzac Day ceremony in Denmark over the weekend . The Australian-born Royal cut a solemn figure as she placed a wreath at a memorial in Copenhagen . The 43-year-old chose a dark ensemble for the event , wearing a knee-length purple dress beneath a black jacket and striking black millinery and gloves . Striking : Crown Princess Mary attended an Anzac Day ceremony in Copenhagen over the weekend . Commemoration : The Australian-born Royal stood with Australian ambassador to Denmark Damien Miller -LRB- second left -RRB- and Turkey 's ambassador to Denmark , Mehmet Donmez -LRB- far left -RRB- during the ceremony . Mary 's attendance at the Anzac Day commemorations came days after her comments in a televised interview about dealing with loneliness . Appearing on Danish show Aftenshowet , she spoke of the grief she endured after losing her mother when she was 25 . ` It felt like I was all alone with my grief , ' she said . ` That no one understood me and that I stood still while everyone around me moved on . Striking : Mary wore a purple knee-length dress beneath a black jacket and black millinery for the event , where she accepted a bouquet from a young girl . Gracious : The Crown Princess smiled after receiving the arrangement of yellow roses . Paying respects : The 43-year-old placed a wreath at a memorial . ` It felt like I was all alone with my grief ' : Mary spoke of feeling alone and misunderstood after losing her mother , Henrietta Donaldson , at 25 in a new TV interview . ` I would have liked to have spent more time with her , ' she added . The Crown Princess ' mother Henrietta Donaldson died in 1997 from a heart condition . Mary discussed the theme of loneliness with the programme and said , ` It 's a real and big problem that 's gone unnoticed , so I 'm glad that it 's drawing some attention now . ` There 's still a lot of taboo around it , it 's an issue we have to talk about . ' Earlier in the week , Mary stepped out in an eye-catching fuchsia dress for the official opening of a research festival in the city of Lyngby on Thursday . Cause : Mary discussed the theme of loneliness with the programme and said , ` It 's a real and big problem that 's gone unnoticed , so I 'm glad that it 's drawing some attention now ' Pretty in pink : Earlier in the week , Mary looked beautiful in fuchsia while attending the opening of a research festival at the Technical University of Denmark in Lyngby on Thursday . Going for a colour block look , Mary teamed the bright dress with a snake-skin patterned clutch in the same shade , and keeping her collar free of bling , opted for a pair of hanging pearl earrings instead . To finish things off the mother-of-four 's brunette locks were tousled into undone waves that would n't have gone astray on a red carpet . She needed to compete with a little wild weather however , and looked quite windswept before she was ushered indoors . Standout : The seemingly ageless beauty had heads turning a bright pink dress that hugged her petite frame . Popular : A host of university students and younger children cam out to catch a glimpse of the Australian-born royal . Mary 's makeup was left understated so as not to distract from her statement frock and just a pop of pale pink lipstick and dusting of eye shadow was enough to highlight her naturally pretty features . The Australian-born beauty toured facilities at the Technical University of Denmark as part of her visit . She met with researchers and examined some of their latest technology before presenting the 2015 Research Communication Award of the year . Hands on : Mary toured the university 's facilities as part of her visit .