Maternity style can be a hard thing to get right . With a swiftly-changing body and fluctuating shape , it can be difficult to dress during pregnancy . Many will be glad to know that our celebrity counterparts seem to struggle with it just as much , but a few have it nailed down by landing on a signature style that takes them through the whole nine months . Helen Flanagan stepped out recently to show off her burgeoning bump in a slinky clinging dress , red lips and heels , confirming that when it comes to maternity style there are distinctive camps . Scroll down for video . Helen Flanagan , 24 , looked uncharacteristically demure as she stepped out recently in a floral midi dress . Some pregnant women will choose comfort over style , realising that it 's a time when their bodies are changing drastically . Other women will use the opportunity as a time to complete transform the way they dress and choose to showcase a softer , more demure side to themselves . While others will simply continue with their glamorous pre-maternity wardrobes , choosing to ignore the fact they 're pregnant . Read on to discover the different maternity styles that celebrities are opting for ... SCANTILY CLAD TO COVERED UP . Then and now : Helen Flanagan has changed her style dramatically for the birth of her first child . Danielle Lloyd , 31 , is another star who modified her wardrobe for the pregnancy of her third child in 2013 . Many women give their style an overhaul when pregnant , opting for more reserved styles , which very much differ from their trashier previous looks . Helen Flanagan is a prime example of a celebrity who has completely transformed her style since she revealed she was pregnant . The 24-year-old Coronation street actress revealed she was pregnant with 26-year-old footballer Scott Sinclair 's child in December 2014 . Flanagan was known previously for her revealing style , regularly wearing skin-tight cleavage-exposing dresses and tottering heels , but the actress has recently began to step out in longer , more modest outfits . Glamour model Danielle Lloyd , 31 , is another star who modified her wardrobe for the pregnancy of her third child , George , with ex-husband , footballer Jamie O'Hara in 2013 . The former Miss England previously sported a wardrobe of thigh-skimming dresses and platforms , but opted for more demure looks leading up to the birth of her child . These included maxi-dresses which also covered up her chest . FLOWY BOHO . Actress Blake Lively , 27 , was the epitome of flowy boho maternity style , sporting a series of long maxi-dresses when she was pregnant . The blonde wore a white gown that managed to show off her changing figure in a flattering fashion . Angelina Jolie , now 39 , also channelled a boho look when she was pregnant with twins , Vivienne and Knox in 2008 . Many celebrities choose a boho , full-length look when pregnant , swathing their bodies in yards of chic designer fabric . Blake Lively , 27 , received much adoration recently for her flawless maternity style , when she was pregnant with her first child with Ryan Reynolds , 38 . The 27-year-old actress , who was expecting her daughter James with actor Ryan Reynolds , 38 , opted for floaty maxi-dresses . Blake , who gave birth to her daughter in December of last year , opted for chiffon materials and elongated silhouettes beforehand . World-renowned actress Angelina Jolie , also adopted this style during her pregnancy with twins Vivienne and Knox , back in 2008 . The star , married to Brad Pitt , chose dresses that gave her growing baby bump lots of space while maintaining a feminine look . BUTTONED UP . Kate Middleton , 33 , is the queen of the buttoned-up maternity look , sporting a series of coats leading up to the birth of the second royal baby . Holly Willoughby , 34 , also opted for a covered-up and reserved look during the pregnancy of her third child , Chester , in 2014 . It 's also understandable that many women will want to cover up completely , or opt for safe knee-length dresses . Kate Middleton , 33 , is the queen of buttoned-up maternity style , opting for long coats that cover her baby bump , or dresses that are reserved and contained . The Duchess of Cambridge is expecting her second baby in the next week with Prince William . Presenter Holly Willoughby , 34 , was another celebrity to choose modest outfits , during her pregnancy with her third child , Chester , with husband Dan Baldwin in 2014 . The This Morning co-host opted for a series of knee-length dresses with flattering twist-fronts or comfy jersey frocks with an empire waist giving her bump plenty of room . ROCK 'N' ROLL MAMA . Despite sporting a huge baby bump , songstress Gwen Stefani , 45 , was able to keep her rock-glam edge during her pregnancy in 2014 . Radio and TV presenter Fearne Cotton , 33 , is another star who managed to maintain her covetable edgy style during pregnancy . Even when carrying a child and subject to uncontrollable bodily changes , some women maintain their rock-glam edge . Singer Gwen Stefani , 45 , is well-known for her punky style , which she managed to preserve during her pregnancy with her and Gavin Rossdale 's third child , Apollo in 2014 . The feisty songstress was still regularly seen out in leather trousers , sunglasses and denim jackets , even while heavily pregnant . Radio and TV presenter Fearne Cotton , 33 , is another star who managed to maintain her covetable edgy style during pregnancy . During her pregnancy with her first child , Rex , the presenter was seen sporting on-trend pieces , such as chunky boots , lace dresses and block print sweaters . The 33-year-old recently announced in February , along with her departure from Radio 1 , that she is pregnant with her second child with Jesse Wood , son of Rolling Stones guitarist , Ronnie Wood . COMFORT OVER STYLE . Mila Kunis , 31 , is another actress that had no problem with being seen out in public in casual comfortable clothing during her pregnancy . A huge majority of women will understandably opt for comfort over style . Keira Knightley 's off-duty pregnancy style is based around loose , baggy attire - but without losing her hipster edge . The 33-year-old recently announced in December of last year that she is pregnant with her first child with husband and musician James Righton . The actress has been spotted out in dungarees , loose knit jumpers and beanie hats , making warmth and ease a priority . Mila Kunis , 31 , is another actress who had no problem with being seen out in public in casual comfortable clothing during her pregnancy with daughter Wyatt . She gave birth to her first child with boyfriend Ashton Kutcher in October 2014 of last year , but was happy wearing jeans , flip flops and vest tops in the lead up to the birth . DRESS LIKE YOU 'RE NOT PREGNANT AT ALL . Reality star , Kim Kardashian , 34 , was well-known for maintaining her glamorous style and tight-fitting clothing during her pregnancy with child North-West in 2013 . While many women will accept that their body will be subject to changes during pregnancy and will perhaps opt for more sensible footwear and looser clothing , others will try and ignore the changes all together . Reality star , Kim Kardashian , 34 , was well-known for maintaining her glamorous style and tight-fitting clothing during her pregnancy with child North West . Kim gave birth to her child with rapper Kanye West in June 2013 , but stepped out in more than a few suspect items of clothing during her pregnancy . These included tight cleavage-enhancing dresses as well as ill-fitting footwear that seemed to be painfully-tight .