Nasa has released the first close-up views of the north pole of dwarf planet Ceres from the Dawn spacecraft . Dawn arrived on 6 March , the first time a spacecraft has orbited a dwarf planet , and is now preparing for the key science phase of the mission . However , the images have not yet revealed what the mystery ` bright spots ' on the surface of the world are , which have gripped the attention of scientists and the public alike . Nasa scientists in California have released new images of Ceres -LRB- shown -RRB- . They were taken by the Dawn spacecraft from a distance of 21,000 miles -LRB- 33,000 km -RRB- . The spacecraft is beginning to move closer and closer to Ceres . And it will soon study the whole planet - including its mystery bright spots . The latest images were taken on 10 April from a distance of 21,000 miles -LRB- 33,000 km -RRB- , and are the highest-resolution views of Ceres so far . The spacecraft is currently on the side of the planet that is mostly shrouded in darkness , but over the coming months it will see more of the world in light . And it will also see Ceres in better and a higher resolution . Ceres is 590 miles -LRB- 950 km -RRB- across and was discovered in 1801 . It is the closest dwarf planet to the sun and is located in the asteroid belt , making it the only dwarf planet in the inner solar system . Ceres is the smallest of the bodies currently classified as a ` dwarf planet ' . It lies less than three times as far as Earth from the sun - close enough to feel the warmth of the star , allowing ice to melt and reform . Nasa 's Dawn spacecraft has been making its way to Ceres from the asteroid Vesta since September 2012 . There is high interest in the mission because Ceres because it is seen as being a record of the early solar system , and may also have shifting ice on its surface . Ceres is the largest body in the main asteroid belt between Mars and Jupiter , with an average diameter of 590 miles -LRB- 950 km -RRB- . Dawn has been using its ion propulsion system to rendezvous with the dwarf planet since leaving the giant asteroid Vesta in 2012 . Its first ` science orbit ' will begin on 23 April , with the spacecraft remaining a distance of 8,400 miles -LRB- 13,500 km -RRB- away until 9 May . After this , it will begin making lower and lower orbits to get better views of the surface . The mission will allow scientists to study the last major body between Earth and Jupiter that has yet to be explored . ` The mission is so exciting , because we 're exploring the last uncharted world of the solar system , ' Dr Marc Rayman , Dawn chief engineer and mission director at JPL told MailOnline . ` For me the opportunity to travel to this distant alien world that has been known of for two centuries , a mysterious world of rock and ice , perhaps with subsurface liquid water maybe stored as ponds , lakes or oceans , is very exciting . ' Shown above is an animation of Ceres rotating as Dawn observed its north pole . Ceres is about 2.8 times further from the sun than Earth , and a day on the dwarf planet lasts nine Earth hours . Credit : Nasa . Dawn -LRB- artist 's illustration shown -RRB- has been using its ion propulsion system to rendezvous with the dwarf planet since leaving the giant asteroid Vesta in 2012 . Its first ` science orbit ' will begin on 23 April , with the spacecraft remaining a distance of 8,400 miles -LRB- 13,500 km -RRB- away until 9 May . In the next few weeks and months , the dwarf planet will be studied in great detail . But the most impressive images will be returned in December , when Dawn starts one of its lowest science orbits . It will be at an altitude of just 225 miles -LRB- 360 km -RRB- above the surface - below the orbital height of the International Space Station around Earth - allowing it to get high resolution images of the surface . The primary science mission for the spacecraft will last until June 2016 - by which the team expects to have achieved all of its scientific goals - and it is unlikely the spacecraft will be extended beyond that date , as it will probably start running out of fuel by then . This map-projected view of Ceres was created from images taken by Nasa 's Dawn spacecraft during its initial approach to the dwarf planet , prior to being captured into orbit in March 2015 . Differences in morphology and color across the surface suggest Ceres was once an active body . Perhaps of most interest , though , are the mystery bright spots on the surface . These are thought to possibly be expanses of ice inside a crater on Ceres . Based on new infrared images released by Nasa the other day , it appears that the pair of spots have different thermal properties - suggesting they have different origins . They could also be towering ` water volcanoes ' , but more observations will be needed to confirm or deny this . ` The bright spots continue to fascinate the science team , but we will have to wait until we get closer and are able to resolve them before we can determine their source , ' said Chris Russell from the University of California , Los Angeles . These images , from Dawn 's visible and infrared mapping spectrometer -LRB- VIR -RRB- , highlight two regions on Ceres containing bright spots . The images suggest they coudl be towering ` water volcanoes ' , but more observations will be needed to confirm or deny this . ` The bright spots -LSB- seen in this previous Nasa image -RSB- continue to fascinate the science team , but we will have to wait until we get closer and are able to resolve them before we can determine their source , ' said Chris Russell from the University of California , Los Angeles .