Palermo president Maurizio Zamparini has slapped a € 50million -LRB- £ 36m -RRB- price tag on Paulo Dybala , telling Paris Saint-Germain they will have to spend big to sign the ` new Lionel Messi ' . A bidding war is set to break out over Dybala , who is being tracked by Manchester United , Chelsea , Arsenal , Inter Milan , Juventus and PSG . Roberto Mancini was spotted at the Stadio Ennio Tardini on Sunday , when Palermo lost 1-0 against Parma , and the Inter manager was understood to be there to watch Dybala . Palermo president Maurizio Zamparini has slapped a € 50million -LRB- £ 36m -RRB- price tag on Paulo Dybala . Dybala is wanted by Manchester United , Chelsea , Arsenal , Inter Milan , Juventus and Paris Saint-Germain . Inter Milan manager Roberto Mancini watched the Serie A match between Parma and Palermo on Sunday . Yet the former Manchester City manager 's fiercest competition would be Ligue 1 champions PSG , with Palermo determined to cash in . ` I 'm in contact with the player 's agent and with PSG president Nasser Al-Khelaifi , ' Zamparini told Telefoot . ` For PSG , he would be a good investment for the future . ` For me , he is the new Messi . Today , how much would you pay for Barcelona 's Argentine ? € 200m -LRB- £ 143m -RRB- ? € 300m -LRB- £ 215m -RRB- ? And even at that price , would he be sold ? ` Messi is worth an entire team and Dybala is this kind of player . I want € 40m -LRB- £ 29m -RRB- for him but I asked Nasser for € 50m -LRB- £ 36m -RRB- . ` The boy 's agents have already travelled to Paris to talk to the club but Dybala has some doubts because there are already great players there . ' Dybala would more likely be guaranteed a first-team place in Italy rather than France , but could be sold to the Paris club if they are prepared to meet Zamparini 's demands . Palermo are determined to cash in on Dybala as he is wanted by some of Europe 's biggest clubs . Dybala has been likened to Barca 's Lionel Messi , pictured celebrating a goal against Espanyol last weekend .