The ` Kate effect ' has put a bump in the profits of British fashion house Seraphine with fans flocking to snap up items worn by the Duchess of Cambridge , including this £ 195 collarless cashmere coat . It has been the Duchess of Cambridge 's label of choice during her two pregnancies . And now the ` Kate effect ' has put a bump in the profits of British fashion house Seraphine . The online and high street firm has seen sales double in two years since the Duchess was first spotted in one of its outfits . Among the most popular royal choices was a £ 195 mist-blue collarless cashmere coat with faux pearl buttons . Kate wore the Natasha coat to a series of engagements in Kensington in January and it instantly became such a hit with women -- many of whom were n't even pregnant -- that it sold out in most sizes . The firm now sells it with the tagline ` Worn by the Duchess of Cambridge ' and markets it as suitable for before , during and after pregnancy . Other Seraphine outfits in the Duchess 's wardrobe include the £ 46 fuchsia wrap dress that she wore in the first official photograph of Prince George nearly two years ago . A different type of Kate effect is being seen outside the maternity unit where she is due to give birth . Fans draped in Union flags and carrying balloons and placards have already set up camp near the Lindo Wing at St Mary 's Hospital in Paddington , central London . Veteran royal supporter John Loughrey , 60 , from Wandsworth , South West London , has been there since April 1 . ` I 'm so excited I 'm like a washing machine -- I 'm on full spin , ' the former assistant chef told the Mail yesterday . Mr Loughrey was the first to camp outside Westminster Abbey to secure a view of Kate and William 's wedding , sleeping on the pavement for a week , and he slept on a bench outside the Lindo Wing waiting for Prince George to arrive in 2013 . ` I 'd like to sleep on the pavement here , but the police are gently moving us on , ' he told ITV as he held a home-made sign that read : ` Kate , do n't keep us waiting ! ' Another fan , Terry Hutt , 80 , carried placards saying ` It 's A Prince ' and ` It 's A Princess ' ready for the announcement of the royal arrival . Although not officially confirmed , it is believed that the Duchess is due to give birth this weekend . Ahead of the birth , Seraphine is already celebrating -- and not just a doubling of turnover to £ 11.2 million from £ 5.2 million in 2013 . Fans draped in Union flags and carrying balloons and placards , including Terry Hutt -LRB- left -RRB- and John Loughrey -LRB- right -RRB- , have already set up camp near the Lindo Wing at St Mary 's Hospital in Paddington , central London . Mr Loughrey with Maria Scott -LRB- left -RRB- and Amy Thompson keeping a royal vigil outside the London hospital . Another royal seal of approval will be announced today , with the firm given a Queen 's Award for Enterprise in international trade -- one of Britain 's most prestigious business accolades . Founder Cecile Reinaud said of the Duchess 's patronage : ` Kate has worn quite a few dresses from our range for special occasions during her second pregnancy . ` It is definitely extremely flattering when she chooses one of our dresses and makes a big impact . She has a classic style and is a fashion leader . She is a style inspiration for us as much as a customer . No one can beat her elegance . ' French-born Mrs Reinaud , 41 , started the fashion house 12 years ago and as well as its HQ near Kensington Palace it has several stores in London and one in New York . Other famous names to wear the brand include Zara Phillips , Angelina Jolie , Halle Berry , Kate Hudson , Kate Winslet and model Claudia Schiffer .