It has been more than a month since much-loved teacher Sharon Edwards graced the halls of her school . While her students at Coutts Crossing Public School on the NSW north coast hold on to the hope the mother-of-three will turn up to school again one day , the police focus has shifted to treating the teacher 's disappearance as a homicide . Ms Edwards was last seen on March 14 , after she caught up with friends at the local Good Intent Hotel . Investigators , including forensic officers and the dog squad , returned to her home in Grafton on Monday with a crime scene warrant . Police also went back to the nearby suburb of Lawrence , where Ms Edwards and her husband , John , still own their family home on Neill St. Sharon Edwards , 55 , was last seen between 10 pm and 11 pm on Saturday March 14 in Grafton , NSW . Pictured from left : Her son Zac , husband John , son Eli , Ms Edwards and her third son Josh . The family made an emotional appeal for information as police said it was a homicide investigation . Detectives say she was last seen alive at her Grafton home that night and have traced her last known whereabouts to the Lawrence area in the early hours of March 15 . Son Eli Edwards said his father saw Ms Edwards early on Saturday night at their Grafton home . He then went back to Lawrence and said he did n't see Ms Edwards there , Eli said . When his father went to see her at the Grafton house on the Sunday morning , her car was left parked in her driveway and the clothes she had been wearing on March 14 were thrown in the washing basket in her bedroom . However her phone and bag were gone . There was no sign of forced entry at her Grafton home on the NSW north coast and it has left her family despairing and fixated on their many unanswered questions regarding her disappearance . Sharon Edwards , 54 , posted a smiling image of herself in front of a sunrise on the morning she disappeared . It was first noticed Ms Edwards was missing when she failed to show up for a class she was due to teach . The unexplained disappearance has rocked the tight-knit family who have likened the situation to ` something out of a movie ' . ` That is the worst part - we do n't know . We have no answers , ' Eli said . ` My old man 's taking it pretty hard and I guess we are all just going through stages . ' Eli last heard from his mother on March 14 when he sent her photographs of his baby daughter , who Ms Edwards adored . Mr Edwards appeared in Grafton Local Court on Monday on unrelated unregistered firearm possession charges . Ms Edwards had taken on a new literacy and numeracy job this year at Coutts Crossing Public School and was working on Pinocchio the musical , friend Tracy Hunt told AAP . ` She is just great with all the kids and all the different ages , she is one of those teachers that always have time for them , ' Ms Hunt said . ` She was very well-loved ... she is very well-loved . ' Ms Hunt said some students had been asking where Ms Edwards was . ` The worst part is there is nothing you can say , because no one knows anything , ' she said . ` You just have to hope she is going to turn up safe and sound . ' Police forensically examined three properties - one in Grafton and two , including a vacant block , in nearby Lawrence . The 55-year-old was last seen between 10 pm and 11 pm on March 14 , after spending the afternoon with close friends at the Good Intent Hotel in Grafton on the north coast . It was first noticed Ms Edwards was missing when she failed to show up for a class she was due to teach . Police and family say they hold ` grave concerns ' for her welfare as it is extremely out of character . Ms Edwards is described as being Caucasian , with a fair complexion , short blond hair and medium build . Strike Force Burrow will investigate the circumstances of her disappearance , comprising of detectives from the Coffs/Clarence Local Area Command and Northern Region . Investigators are appealing for community assistance to find her and anyone with information about her whereabouts is urged to contact Grafton Police Station on 02 6642 0222 or Crime Stoppers . Ms Edwards is described as being of Caucasian , with a fair complexion , short blond hair and medium build . Strike Force Burrow will investigate the circumstances of her disappearance , comprising of detectives from the Coffs/Clarence Local Area Command and Northern Region . Investigators are appealing for community assistance to find her and anyone with information about her whereabouts is urged to contact Grafton Police Station on 02 6642 0222 or Crime Stoppers . The ` dedicated ' primary school teacher did n't turn up to work at Coutts Crossing Public School on Monday morning and her husband reported her missing the next day . Police and family say they hold ` grave concerns ' for her welfare as it is extremely out of character .