An advanced spacecraft flies up to an orbiting space station , taking with it cargo and supplies for the crew on board as they continue their mission in the final frontier . No , this is n't a scene from Star Trek - it 's an event that took place in Earth 's orbit just the other day . And to celebrate the arrival of the cargo-carrying Dragon spacecraft , one astronaut on the ISS donned a uniform from the popular TV show . Scroll down for video . Italian astronaut Samantha Cristoforetti wore the uniform on Friday -LRB- shown -RRB- . Together with Nasa astronaut Terry Virts she captured the spacecraft . On board it had 4,000 lbs of supplies - including a coffee machine . It will remain at the ISS for a month before returning to Earth . Italian Esa astronaut Samantha Cristoforetti revealed her unique attire in a tweet . '' ' There 's coffee in that nebula '' ... ehm , I mean ... in that #Dragon , ' she wrote . Construction of the ISS began on 20 November 1998 . It supports a crew of up to six , with crews split into groups of three . The station orbits at a height of about 255 miles -LRB- 410 km -RRB- . It has a total mass of about 990,000 pounds -LRB- 450,000 kg -RRB- and has living space roughly equivalent to a five-bedroom house . It completes an orbit of Earth every 92.91 minutes and moves at 17,100 miles -LRB- 27,600 km -RRB- per hour . It has now been in space for more than 5,900 days , during which time it has completed more than 92,000 orbits of Earth , and has been continuously occupied for more than 13 years . The ` Dragon ' she was referring to was SpaceX 's vehicle , which launched from Cape Canaveral on Tuesday 14 April , arriving at the station on 17 April . Here it was ` berthed ' to the ISS - which means it was grabbed by an arm on the station , and did not dock by itself . The capture occured while the ISS was over the Pacific Ocean , just east of Japan . With the assistance of Expedition 43 Commander Terry Virts of Nasa , Cristoforetti successfully captured the spacecraft at 9.15 am last Friday . Spacecraft like Dragon are used to keep the ISS stocked with supplies , but this mission carried with it a treat for the astronauts - a coffee machine called the ISSPresso . Italian coffee giant Lavazza joined forces with the Turin-based engineering company Argotec and the Italian Space Agency to provide a specially designed machine for use off the planet . Nasa certified its safety . It is the first coffee machine able to work in micro gravity on the ISS , where the principles that regulate the fluid dynamics of liquids and mixtures are very different from those typical on Earth . It uses a ` capsule system ' to fill plastic pouches with espresso and other hot drinks such as tea . The machine can also be used to rehydrate food . Italian coffee giant Lavazza joined forces with the Turin-based engineering company Argotec and the Italian Space Agency to provide a specially designed machine for use off the planet . Nasa certified its safety . Here a prototype of the coffee from the machine is shown . The outfit worn by Cristoforetti was the one that crew wore in the TV show Star Trek Voyager , shown . The Canadarm 2 reaches out to capture the SpaceX Dragon cargo spacecraft and prepare it to be pulled into its port on the International Space Station on Friday 17 April . The Canadarm2 robotic arm maneuvered Dragon to its installation position at the Earth-facing port of the Harmony module . ` It 's been just amazing , ' Cristoforetti said after snaring the Dragon over the Pacific . ` Lots of science and even coffee 's in there , so that 's pretty exciting . ' Within two and half hours of its capture , the Dragon was bolted securely to the space station . This is the California-based SpaceX company 's seventh station supply run since 2012 , all from Cape Canaveral . Aside from the coffee machine , the SpaceX Dragon supply ship had in total 4,000 pounds of food , science research and other equipment . The espresso machine is three months late because of the backlog created by last year 's loss of a supply ship in a launch explosion . Much later and the espresso machine would have missed Cristoforetti , who returns home next month . The Dragon will remain at the orbiting lab until around 21 May , when it will be released full of experiments and discarded equipment for return to Earth . It 's the only supply ship capable of bringing items back . Among the newly arrived research are experiments for American astronaut Scott Kelly , who is just a few weeks into a one-year mission , which will be a record for Nasa . Russian cosmonaut Mikhail Kornienko also will remain on board until March 2016 . Within 2.5 hours of its capture , the Dragon was bolted securely to the space station , shown . This is the California-based SpaceX company 's seventh station supply run since 2012 , all from Cape Canaveral . The capture happened while the ISS was over the Pacific Ocean , just east of Japan , shown in this image . The successful launch of the Falcon 9 rocket carrying the Dragon took place on 14 April from Florida under perfect conditions , after an attempt had to be scrubbed on Monday due to lightning . SpaceX , meanwhile , released a video showing its first-stage booster landing on an ocean platform shortly after Tuesday 's lift-off , then tipping over in flames . It was the California company 's third attempt to fly a booster rocket to the platform stationed off Florida 's northeastern coast . SpaceX chief Elon Musk said the platform - dubbed ` Just Read the Instructions ' - endured just minor damage . The next attempt will be in June on the next SpaceX supply run for Nasa . Musk , a billionaire entrepreneur who also runs the Tesla electric car maker , wants to reuse his rockets to bring down the cost of spaceflight . After the launch , SpaceX attempted to land part of its rocket booster on a floating platform for the third time . The landing was partially successful , with the rocket touching down on the barge - before it tipped over and exploded . The mission bodes well for the future of reusable rockets , though .