Riddick Bowe was once seen as the world 's best heavyweight fighter and reportedly had $ 15million , but he is now offering to post tweets for $ 20 . He was once the double heavyweight champion , with a career that allowed him to retire from the ring with a rumoured fortune of $ 15million . Now Riddick Bowe , of Maryland , has found himself tweeting happy birthday messages and adverts for insurance firms for anyone who pays him $ 20 . The 46-year-old recently offered to ` tweet anything ' for people who credit him through PayPal , sharing the messages with his 450,000 followers . His offer seems a far cry from the fame he enjoyed in the 1990s as the only man who could beat Evander Holyfield . Bowe explained his plan to this thousands of followers in a post . He said : ` I will tweet anything to anyone just paypal me $ 20 bowe@riddickbowe.com . Thats whats up . Bowe . And as apparent proof of his pledge a number of bizarre messages have since appeared on the former boxing champion 's Twitter account . One post read : ` I tell you all now @JakeLeeYes is twice the fighter I ever was . Thats whats up . Bowe ' And in others he posted messages from people asking for dates and venting their frustrations at taxi drivers , as well as promoting websites , small businesses and hotels . He wrote : ` Im now in the business of endorsing yo companies helping those small business get off them ground Im try help the little guy thats what i do . ' His actions seem a fall from his hey day in the 1990s when Bowe was widely regarded as the best heavyweight fighter in the world . He motched up victories over former champion Evander Holyfield in 1992 at Caesars Palace and Andrew Golota , who was disqualified for low blows . He retired in 1997 and went on to join the Marine Corps Reserves , but dropped out while he was training . Next the boxer 's fortunes were to take an even more disastrous turn after he was imprisoned for 18 months for domestic violence after he held his now ex-wife and children against their will . In 2004 he returned to the ring and won three bouts in unconvincing fashion . Bowe posted a message to his 451,000 followers offering to post any messages they wanted , and his tweets since then - from asking for dates to promoting companies - has proved that he means his offer . By 2005 Bowe had filed for bankruptcy - a stark contrast to the days when he was rumoured to have $ 15million career earnings . His last fight was a win over Gene Pukall in Germany in 2008 . By 2009 he was at a New Jersey flea market , according to the New York Times , selling his wares and speaking of his aim to return to the ring . In 2013 Bowe made a comeback as a Muay Thai fighter , but was spectacularly beaten in the second round . At the time he said he had tried the sport because he was bored of retirement and needed the cash . Bowe -LRB- right -RRB- faced Evander Holyfield -LRB- left -RRB- in 1992 and became the first person to beat the undefeated boxer . Bowe -LRB- left -RRB- is pictured in 2004 , having beaten his opponent Marcus Rhode at Fire Lake Casino Oklahoma . The boxing champion has a chequered history with Twitter - being forced to apologise last year after he posted a message saying he wanted all Liverpool fans to die . He later said his message was a joke , as a dedicated Everton fan . In the 1990s Bowe became renowned for his victory over Holyfield , who has suffered a similar loss of his fortune . Holyfield beat Bowe the following year in a rematch and also scored several victories over Mike Tyson . But most of Holyfield 's £ 150million fortune has now gone , frittered away on gambling , funding three expensive divorces and maintenance payments for some of his 11 children .