When it comes to singing lullabies , Audrey Hepburn 's classic Moon River tops the chart for British parents , but you might be surprised by some of the other entries . In a survey conducted by BT , a third of parents polled said they belt out hip hop songs to soothe their little ones to sleep , while ten per cent opt for pop tunes . Eurythmics ' There Must be an Angel came second on the top ten , followed by Vanilla Ice 's Ice Ice Baby , while more current hits from Pitbull , Ed Sheeran and Sam Smith also made the cut . Baby soother : When it comes to lullabies , the classic Moon River , which Audrey Hepburn famously sang in Breakfast at Tiffany 's -LRB- pictured -RRB- , tops the chart for British parents . Aside from Moon River - made famous from Audrey Hepburn 's 1961 movie hit Breakfast At Tiffany 's - Frank Sinatra 's My Way also proved popular with parents , as did Dolly Parton 's Island In The Stream . One rock 'n' roll classic made the cut , Sweet Child O'Mine by Guns 'N' Roses , as well as three recent pop songs ; Sam Smith 's Stay With Me , Pitbull and Kesha 's Timber and Sing by Ed Sheeran . A quarter of mums polled said they sing songs from TV ads to send their babies to sleep , and a quarter of dads , somewhat unsurprisingly , turn to sport chants . Ireland 's Call topped the list for rugby enthusiasts , followed by Swing Low Sweet Chariot , while Liverpool 's You 'll Never Walk Alone proved popular for football-loving dads . Eurythmics ' There Must be an Angel came second on the top ten list , followed by Vanilla Ice 's -LRB- left -RRB- Ice Ice Baby , while more current tunes from Pitbull , Ed Sheeran -LRB- right -RRB- and Sam Smith also made the cut . One in five parents admit they change the lyrics in lullabies because they do n't them well enough , and one in ten insist it 's because their version is better -LRB- picture posed by models -RRB- . As for the true classics , Humpty-Dumpty ranked number one on the list , Rock-a-bye Baby ranked second and Three Blind Mice came third . Of all the parents polled , one in five admit they change the lyrics in lullabies because they do n't know them well enough , and one in ten insist it 's because their version is better . 1 . Moon River by Audrey Hepburn . 2 . There Must Be An Angel by Eurythmics . 3 . Ice Ice Baby by Vanilla Ice . 4 . My Way by Frank Sinatra . 5 . Islands In The Stream by Dolly Parton . 6 . Sing by Ed Sheeran . 7 . Sweet Child O'Mine by Guns ` N ' Roses . 8 . Timber by Pitbull Ft. Kesha . 9 . Groovy Kind Of Love by Phil Collins . 10 . Stay With Me by Sam Smith .