Bulgaria might not be the first hotspot that springs to mind for a summer holiday -- but that could change after it was named Europe 's cheapest destination yesterday . The former Soviet state has gained the most from the strong pound , which has cut the cost of visiting the continent . Resorts on its Black Sea coast offer the best value in terms of a meal out , buying a cup of coffee and essentials such as sun cream and a cold drink , according to a study . Scroll down for video . Affordable : Bulgaria has been named Europe 's cheapest destination , with Black Sea resorts like Sunny Beach -LRB- pictured -RRB- offering the best value in terms of a meal out and other holiday activities . Hotspot : Bulgaria 's most popular resort of Sunny Beach is a carbon copy of those of Spain and Greece . It is one of 13 European hotspots out of 14 where your cash will go far further this summer , largely thanks to rock-bottom exchange rates and higher inflation in some countries . Research into an imaginary shopping basket of ten typical holiday purchases showed a total price of £ 37.39 for Bulgaria , which is down by 13.6 per cent from last summer . There was a bigger fall of 22 per cent for the Algarve in Portugal , taking the total cost to £ 44.02 , helping it beat Spain 's Costa del Sol to become the second cheapest destination . Only in Turkey , where inflation is 7.6 per cent -- compared to virtually zero in Britain and the eurozone -- will Britons find the cost of a day out much more expensive . The figures , compiled for the annual Post Office Holiday Costs Barometer , show the spending basket in Turkey is up by 21.4 per cent on last year , at £ 65.70 . Bulgaria 's most popular resort of Sunny Beach is a carbon copy of those of Spain and Greece . Described by travel agents as ` lively ' , it has a wide sandy beach , high-rise hotels , bars , restaurants and water parks . It also has a long summer season from May to September and boasts around 300 days of sunshine year -- more than Miami Beach in Florida . Peak-season return flights to Burgas airport cost £ 400 a head . Once there , a three-course meal for two with wine comes in at £ 19.60 , and a cup of coffee at 78p . The country , whose currency is the lev , also has some popular ski resorts . The research is good news for travellers to the Algarve , which offers good-value restaurants , with a three-course meal for two including wine costing just £ 16.42 , while a coffee will set you back 52p . At the other end of the scale , Sorrento in southern Italy is the dearest resort . Its basket costs £ 101.60 -- almost three times Bulgaria 's . Holiday : Bulgaria -LRB- pictured -RRB- is one of 13 European hotspots out of 14 where your cash will go far further this summer , largely thanks to rock-bottom exchange rates and higher inflation in some countries . There , a cup of coffee comes in at £ 1.49 , while the three-course meal for two was a much dearer £ 52.24 . Andrew Brown , of Post Office Travel Money , said : ` Meal prices can have a big impact on the holiday budget and make a big dent in holiday finances for people who plan to eat out every night . ` In the Algarve , a three-course meal costs less than half the price in other resorts . Be aware of what to expect before facing the bill . '