They 've won seven on the spin in the Premier League and made Liverpool look like relegation candidates as opposed to Champions League rivals during Saturday 's first-half slaughter . So why are Arsenal destined to sign off from another campaign celebrating a top-four finish and not a serious title challenge ? Finish second they may well , but never have they entered the race for the top-flight crown . This term they are simply the best of the ragged rest , each with their flaws which have made the title tussle something of a ` no contest ' . Arsenal celebrate after a fine strike from Alexis Sanchez put them 3-0 up against Liverpool on Saturday . This is the most impressive team the Gunners have boasted since the dying embers of the Invincibles side of more than a decade ago . They have pace , power , energy and invention in attack -- and that is just Alexis Sanchez . At the other end they have hit upon an understanding which has seen them not concede more than once in the league since New Year 's Day . But their failure to marry all of those components over the course of an entire campaign has cost them , again . This year , however , is a reverse of previous seasons . More recently we have built up Arsene Wenger 's side as title challengers until the arrival of spring , only for it all to fall flat . Arsene Wenger watches on as his side cruise to a stylish win over their rivals for a top-four spot . This time , it is a stuttering start which has undermined their progress . By mid-October they had already dropped 13 points . There was talk of Wenger not even seeing the season out , let alone extending his stay into next term and beyond . But is the long-serving Frenchman finally about to hit upon a team which , given the manner in which they 're finishing this campaign , could well be installed as title favourites come August ? Should Wenger strengthen in key areas then they would surely be vying for such status at the head of the market . He needs no more Mesut Ozils , no more Santi Cazorlas or Tomas Rosickys . Rather , he needs a new spine and characters with backbone . Mesut Ozil celebrates his goal on Saturday as the German World Cup winner continued his fine form . A central defender , central midfielder and centre forward need to arrive if this current vintage is to avoid going the same way as those who have promised so much yet delivered so little in recent years . Interestingly , Wenger 's policy of chasing the best British talent could be on the way out . Yes , there was the capture of Danny Welbeck last summer , but that was more opportunistic than a long-term pursuit . Welbeck , in turn , has netted just four league goals and watched from the bench as Liverpool were torn apart . So , too , did Theo Walcott . He has the mitigation of injury , of course , but does Wenger trust him to remain fit for an entire campaign ? Likewise , Jack Wilshere . Teams which win titles have players who , in short , play . Jack Wilshere -LRB- centre -RRB- watches on from the stands on Saturday after missing out through injury . Theo Walcott -LRB- left -RRB- has struggled since returning from a year-long injury lay-off . Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Aaron Ramsey have both started just 17 of 31 league games . For the latter , a return of four goals is a sorry show given the 16 he plundered last season . So while there is the promise of better times ahead , issues remain for Wenger to sort . You feel he is finally on the cusp of something exciting at the Emirates . But then we have been there before and it ultimately ends in the celebration of failure . Wenger needs to think big this summer , or else goodwill from frustrated fans could be in short supply .