Manchester City have ` let themselves down ' this season and the squad have had ` a lot of honest conversations ' since the 4-2 defeat at Manchester United nine days ago , says England goalkeeper Joe Hart . The Premier League champions have had a disappointing campaign under manager Manuel Pellegrini and are down in fourth position , 12 points behind runaway leaders Chelsea with five matches left to play . ` We are not in the place where we wanted to be , we wanted to be really challenging for the title like we 've done in previous years , ' Hart told the club website on Tuesday . Joe Hart has been lamenting the Premier League champions ' fall from grace this season . Juan Mata wheels away after scoring in Manchester United 's 4-2 derby win on April 12 . Frank Lampard -LRB- left -RRB- , Hart and team-mates have had ` honest ' chats following defeat at Old Trafford . ` We 've got to be honest and win these last games and see where it takes us . We 've let ourselves down at key moments . ` It 's a difficult league to win . The two times we 've won it , it 's gone right to the wire , ' Hart added of their title triumphs in 2012 and 2014 . ` This season , in a lot of games we 've played well but teams have tended to raise their game against us . It 's just how it is , that 's not me moaning . ' Hart said the defeat at third-placed United earlier this month was a particularly tough pill for him and his team mates to swallow . Coach Manuel Pellegrini has come under increasing pressure at the Etihad this season . Sergi Aguero -LRB- 2nd left -RRB- scores against West Ham to get City 's season back on track . ` It was a difficult day , emotional to lose the derby in the manner we did after starting so well , ' he added , referring to the eighth-minute lead given to City by Sergio Aguero . ` There 's been a lot of reflection , a lot of honest conversations . It was a tough result to take . ` This is my club . It was a bad result to lose with the great rivalry we have and the positions in the league . ' City , who will finish with no silverware to show for their efforts this season , entertain FA Cup finalists Aston Villa in the league on Saturday .