A veteran teacher at a prestigious New Jersey magnet school has been charged with carrying on a sexual relationship with a 16-year-old student and sending her explicit emails . Bergen County prosecutors say 65-year-old Dr Donald DeWitt was arrested Monday and charged with attempted sexual assault , child endangerment and criminal sexual contact . The prominent human sexuality and biology teacher at the highly competitive Bergen County Academies in Hackensack was being held on $ 300,000 cash bail Tuesday . He has been ordered to have no contact with the victim . Disgraced : Dr Donald DeWitt , 65 , a veteran teacher at Bergen County Academies in New Jersey , has been charged with attempted sexual assault , child endangerment and criminal sexual contact . According to prosecutors , the victim 's sister discovered DeWitt 's raunchy emails and told their mother , who then called police , reported NJ.com . When investigators came to interview the 16-year-old girl , she allegedly admitted to her relationship with the married teacher nearly 50 years her senior . On Thursday , DeWitt , one of the founding members of the renowned school , was suspended from his $ 105,000-a-year job and banned from campus , pending the completion of the investigation . Educator 's downfall : The married father of one allegedly tried to have sex with a 16-year-old girl and sent her lewd emails , which were later discovered by her sister . According to his page on Bergen County Academies ' website , DeWitt got his bachelor 's degree in zoology , master 's in biology and a PhD in cardiovascular physiology from the University of Michigan . For a time , he taught human physiology and chemistry at Stevens Institute of Technology . In 1992 , DeWitt became one of the first teachers to join the Bergen County Academies ' full-time staff . Over the years , he has emerged as one of the leading figures at the top-ranked school , teaching numerous human sexuality , biology , anatomy and physiology classes to juniors and seniors . DeWitt 's former students described him as a tough grader but an inspiring and innovative educator who steered teenagers towards careers in medicine and science . Sachin Jain , a 1998 graduate of Bergen County Academies who went on to become a physician in Los Angeles , told NorthJersey.com news of DeWitt 's arrest devastated him because to most students , he was a brilliant and challenging teacher . According to online records , DeWitt lives in Warwick , New York , with his 63-year-old wife . School sex scandal : DeWitt was one of the first teachers to join the faculty at Bergen County Academies in Hackensack in 1992 , teaching numerous classes of human sexuality , biology and anatomy .