Jane Tipper had been walking her dog Molly when the eight-year-old chased a lamb over a cliff . A Border Terrier miraculously survived a 250ft fall after chasing a spring lamb off the edge of a cliff before spending three days stranded on a remote beach . Dog Molly had been on a walk with owner Jane Tipper and her daughter Hannah in Eype , Dorset , last week when the she fell over the cliff 's edge along with the lamb . Molly survived a vertical drop of 100ft then rolled 150ft down a steep slope and coming to rest in gorse near the bottom . Her distraught owners managed to see that the eight-year-old had survived the drop , but had no way of getting down to the beach to get her . A team of ten coastguards arrived on the scene and a winchman was lowered down the cliff face but was unable to find her despite four hours of searching . Ms Tipper , who had been celebrating her 64th birthday , was forced to return home in nearby Charmouth without her beloved dog which she has had since she was a puppy . She contacted the website DogLost which arranged for missing posters to be put up in the area . Three days later , Molly was found in an exhaustive state after walking a mile further along the beach to an area popular with dog walkers . It is unclear what had happened , but luckily , she has come through her ordeal relatively unscathed - but there has been no sign of the lamb since the incident . Ms Tipper said : ` I was with my daughter , it was my birthday and we planned a short walk and lunch in a local cafe but we never got there . The border terrier miraculously survived a 250ft fall , including a 100ft vertical drop , in Eype , Dorset , but her owner had no way of reaching her . Coastguards searched thoroughly but were unable to find her . ` Molly 's usually very good , she does n't chase animals . ` She fell about 200ft but the cliff was on a slight slope . I could n't see her at the bottom but my daughter did so we knew she survived the drop . ` The coastguard winched one of them over the cliff and he went from side to side looking for her but could n't see her . ` It 's rocky there , there 's thick patches of gorse and it 's extremely dangerous . ` After a couple of hours they said they just could n't spot her . They were very upset about it . ' She added the incident left her ` completely numb ' . ` We did n't stop searching at the end of the day , ' she said . ` When I got home I phoned as many people as I could think of . ' But fortunately , a female dog walker recognised Molly from the lost posters that had been put up in the area on Friday . After Ms Tipper put up missing dog posters , Molly was identified by a dog walker three days after going missing . Pictured right , the cliff face in Dorset where Molly fell . Ms Tipper added : ` The lady was walking her dogs when Molly followed her and sat next to her . She called me and we met up and fortunately it was Molly , I was worried it was going to be someone else 's dog . ` Molly was very pleased to see me , especially when I got a gravy bone out of my pocket . ` She was n't hurt or limping or anything , but she was shattered and spent the rest of the day asleep when we got home . ` I think it 's really knocked the stuffing out of her . ' A coastguard spokesman urged dog owners to always keep their pets on lead while walking near the coast .