Santiago Vergini has indicated he may be ready to extend his stay at Sunderland after revealing Premier League survival could trigger the offer of a two-year permanent contract . The 26-year-old Argentinian returned to the Stadium of Light on a season-long loan deal from Costa Rican side Sport Uruguay de Coronado in August last year and has made 35 appearances to date this season . The last of them was a start in Sunday 's 1-0 derby victory over Newcastle which provided a huge boost to the club 's top-flight survival hopes . Santiago Vergini -LRB- left -RRB- is keen to stay at Sunderland having played a key role in the Wearside outfit 's 1-0 derby win over Newcastle United on Sunday . Above , the Sunderland defender battles with Ayoze Perez for the ball . Vergini celebrates with team-mate Costel Pantilimon at the full-time whistle following the Wear-Tyne derby win . A successful completion of new head coach Dick Advocaat 's mission to keep the Black Cats in the Premier League could have significant consequences for Vergini , and he is open to what might come his way . He told the Sunderland Echo : ` In the contract , it is written that if we stay in the Premier League , I can stay here for another two years . I feel very comfortable here , both at the club and outside the club , so I would be very keen to stay . ` The only downside is the climate and the weather , but even that has been good for the last few days ! ` It has been very good to play regularly -LSB- this season -RSB- and I am very happy . I think with time , I have been able to adapt more to the style of play and also to my team-mates . Vergini helped Sunderland keep a clean sheet in the derby win as he makes a slide tackle on Perez . Sunderland initially signed Vergini on loan in January 2014 , with the defender making his debut in an FA Cup fourth round clash with Kidderminster where he makes an attempt to tackle Jack Bryne . ` Apart from the struggles we are going through in the league , I have felt very comfortable . ' Victory over the Magpies - their first in nine games in all competitions - eased Sunderland into 15th place and three points clear of the relegation zone . However , that could count for little if Advocaat 's men fail to build upon it when Crystal Palace head north on Saturday . Vergini said : ` Every win brings with it a lot of confidence and with a derby game , that is even more the case . In our next game , we need to show the same character and the same spirit as we did on Sunday . '