Rapper 50 Cent may have publicly criticised the crude manner Adrien Broner chose to rejection a contract offer by fledgling boxing promoter Jay Z but there does n't appear to be any hard feelings . Former world champion Broner is pictured with New York-based 50 Cent in an Instagram happy snap on Tuesday that was taken at the Barclay 's Center in Brooklyn on Saturday night . The pair , with Broner wearing a bright shirt and giant jewellery bearing his initials and 50 Cent in all dark with a New York Yankees cap , were watching the Premier Boxing Champions primetime TV event featuring Danny Garcia Swift and Lamont Peterson and Irish Andy Lee against Peter Quillan . Adrien Broner sports a bright shirt and bling with his own initials in this Instagram shot with 50 Cent . Danny Garcia won a controversial majority decision over Lamont Peterson before being called out by Broner . Garcia puts Peterson on his back briefly in the 11th round of their Premier Boxing Champions bout . Broner called Garcia out , again on Instagram , for a September fight after ` Swift ' kept his unbeaten record in tact with a win over Peterson with a controversial majority decision . ` Great fight Garcia and Lamont , ' Broner wrote . ` I 'm happy nobody got severely hurt I got love for both fighters but Lamont is closer to me so I was going for him . ` Now I got all that out the way this is my message to my friend my homie Danny Garcia heal up well and get back in the gym and fight me in September in Vegas at the MGM GRAND . Let 's get this money and go to rehab together on Sunday #AboutBillions #DSG #BusinessBeforeBrothers . ' Broner throws an uppercut at John Molina Jnr during their fight at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in March . Broner has his arm raised after comfortably beating Molina Jnr on points in Las Vegas . Broner , a huge admirer of Floyd ` Money ' Mayweather , recently stirred up controversy when he called a $ 40million contract offer from Jay Z and his Roc Nation ` bull **** ' . 50 Cent said Broner was disrespectful of Jay Z and should have accepted the offer . ` That was n't a good idea to say that . 40 million , he should take it , ' 50 Cent told TMZ . Broner had told TMS Sports he did n't appreciate receiving the offer via email : ` The capacity of the contract was $ 40 million for five years , that 's just bull **** ... Like I wanted to tell him , and hopefully this get to him , stop sending your workers to come talk to me . I 'm a boss , man . Bosses talk to bosses . '