Tim Sherwood has revealed he is still in touch with Tottenham Hotspur chairman Daniel Levy and even thanks the club 's board for ending his time at White Hart Lane -- as the decision has led to him taking over at Aston Villa . Levy sacked Sherwood as Spurs head coach at the end of last season and brought in Mauricio Pochettino , ending the 46-year-old 's five-month stay in charge and six-year relationship with the club at development level . But rather than express bitterness at the split , Sherwood , who takes Villa to north London on Saturday , had nothing but praise for Levy , who joined in 2001 , and his former employers . Aston Villa boss Tim Sherwood watches his players in training at Bodymoor Heath on Thursday . Midfielder Tom Cleverley and his team-mates warm up as they prepare to face Tottenham on Saturday . ` I would n't be sitting here as Aston Villa manager if was n't for Tottenham Hotspur , ' Sherwood said . ` They 've been very good to me over the years . I have a lot of respect for that football club but it 's all about what I can give to Aston Villa at the weekend . ` I 've been in communication with Daniel Levy since I 've left , I have n't got a problem . He 's the chairman of the club and he makes those decisions based on what he thinks is in their best interest . ` I was there the day he walked in to the club and he made some changes about three days after that . He got rid of George Graham and brought in Glenn Hoddle , that was in the weeks building up to the FA Cup semi final . ` He is not frightened of making decisions at crucial times . He has continued with that . You have to say Tottenham Hotspur is a far better club now than when he found it . Striker Christian Benteke was back in training after scoring a hat-trick against QPR on Tuesday night . Fabian Delph takes a touch as Villa 's players get put through their paces at Villa 's training ground . ` I look at their results because it is a club I spent good times at . Whatever has gone on , has gone on . I was relieved of my duties and walked out with my head held very high , I was pleased with what I did , but I respect the decision made by Daniel Levy and his board , they 've been good for me . ` They only made that decision based on what they believe is best for the football club . I have n't got to agree with it . I just move on . ` I thank them because not being there now is the reason I am at this fantastic football club . ' Sherwood also praised Pochettino for continuing to blood young players such as Harry Kane , Ryan Mason , and Nabil Bentaleb . Sherwood believes Mauricio Pochettino deserves credit for playing young players at Tottenham . Defender Ciaran Clark -LRB- centre -RRB- stretches as Sherwood prepares his side to visit White Hart Lane on Saturday . ` I do look back with pride , ' added Sherwood . ` Especially if you 're talking about the young players who have emerged to be regulars in the first team , there are probably three or four who are first names on that team sheet . That gives me immense pride . ` You have to give a lot of credit to Pochettino for sticking with them boys also . A lot of managers would have gone ` no thank you , give me some of those players who end in an I or an O from foreign countries , who might not be as good as these young players ' . But he has n't , he 's stuck to plan , and I 've got to give him a lot of credit for that . ` I think I was right because they 've emerged as top talents . Harry Kane was exceptional . These are players who cost the club nothing , probably a hundred grand between them on what they 've eaten through the years in that canteen ! That 's all . '