Cesc Fabregas will wear a special protective face mask for Chelsea after breaking his nose last weekend - and Sportsmail can exclusively reveal what the Spanish midfielder 's shield will look like . Fabregas suffered the break during Chelsea 's win over Stoke City on Saturday , taking a hit to the face from Charlie Adam 's forearm minutes before the Scot struck a 66-yard wondergoal at Stamford Bridge . The Spaniard has since travelled to Milan to see a specialist , who produced masks for Fernando Torres , Petr Cech and Demba Ba previously , in the hope of returning to action as soon as possible . Cesc Fabregas will wear a special protective face mask for Chelsea after breaking his nose , and this is it . The mask , branded with Fabregas 's initial and squad number ` C4 ' , was made by the Ortholabsport . Fabregas wrote this note to the orthopedic centre and its craftsmen Stefano Duchini and Lucilla Pezzoni . The Spaniard travelled to Milan on Tuesday with Chelsea medical director Paco Biosca to have the mask fitted . The mask , branded with Fabregas 's initial and squad number ` C4 ' , was made by the Ortholabsport , an orthopedic centre in Milan , and their craftsmen Stefano Duchini and Lucilla Pezzoni . The centre became famous for its work with former Chelsea players Torres and Ba , but also work with Manchester City , Fulham and European clubs including Inter Milan and Shakhtar Donetsk as well as the Italian national team . Fabregas travelled to Milan on Tuesday with Chelsea medical director Paco Biosca to have the mask fitted . Fabregas suffered the break during Chelsea 's win over Stoke City at the weekend , taking a hit to the face . The 27-year-old played on for the entire 90 minutes at Stamford Bridge last Saturday despite the knock . Chelsea captain John Terry was forced to wear a protective face mask after fracturing a cheekbone in 2007 . Fernando Torres -LRB- right -RRB- , pictured in action against Basel in 2013 , also wore a mask during his time at Chelsea . The 27-year-old , who played on for the entire 90 minutes at Stamford Bridge last Saturday , could be ready to play against Queens Park Rangers on Sunday if manager Jose Mourinho selects his star midfielder . John Obi Mikel should be ready to return for the Blues at Loftus Road after resuming training with the first-team squad last week but being too tired to play any part in the win over Stoke . But Fabregas 's countryman Diego Costa is expected to miss at least two weeks of action , with the striker earmarking the trip to face Arsenal on April 26 for his return from a hamstring problem . Fabregas ' countryman Diego Costa is expected to miss at least two weeks of action with hamstring trouble .