TOWIE star Bobby Cole Norris has today thanked an anonymous donor who came forward to help his mother , in her fight against leukaemia . The reality star was left heartbroken last August when doctors revealed his ` best ' friend ' and mother Kym Norris had just one hope for survival - a stem cell transplant . Weeks earlier the dental receptionist was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukaemia . Overcome with emotion , Bobby , tweeted : ` Somewhere there is an amazing person that registered with @AnthonyNolan and was a match for my mum , I will never be able to thank you enough . ' TOWIE star Bobby Cole Norris has today thanked an anonymous donor who came forward to help his mother , in her fight against leukaemia . Bobby , tweeted : ` Somewhere there is an amazing person that registered with @AnthonyNolan and was a match for my mum , I will never be able to thank you enough ' Bobby launched the #savebobbysmum appeal to urge people to sign up as stem cell donors last August . It comes after the reality star inspired more than 3,000 people to sign the bone marrow donation register in one week , when he issued an appeal for help to save his mother 's life . Stars of TOWIE , Made in Chelsea and Geordie Shore rallied behind the #SaveBobbysMum appeal , with tweets from Katie Price , Mark Wright , Joey Essex , Lauren Goodger , Sam Faiers , Lauren Pope , Stevie Johnson , Charlotte Crosby , Vicky Pattison , Antony Costa , Denise Van Outen and many more , mobilising their millions of young fans to sign up as potential donors and save a life . To Bobby 's relief , the team at Anthony Nolan were able to identify a stranger on the register of potential donors whose tissue type matched Kym 's and who was willing to donate their stem cells . Kym is now back at home while she recovers from the procedure , which took place at UCL Hospital . Bobby is now focusing on supporting his mother during her recovery but has vowed to carry on promoting the lifesaving work of Anthony Nolan . Bobby Cole Norris said : ` I can never thank my mum 's donor enough . ` This amazing person has n't just saved my mum , they 've saved me too . ` My mum is my best friend and she 's everything to me . ` Without the work of Anthony Nolan , and the hero who donated their stem cells , there would be little hope , it does n't bear thinking about . ` I genuinely feel like there is an Angel on this earth , I hope one day I can thank them in person . ' The reality star was left heartbroken last August when doctors revealed his ` best ' friend ' and mother Kym Norris had just one hope for survival - a stem cell transplant - after being diagnosed with leukaemia . In the wake of Kym 's diagnosis Bobby inspired more than 3,000 people to sign the bone marrow donation register in one week , when he issued an appeal for help to save his mother 's life . Reflecting on his appeal , he said : ` When my mum was diagnosed , I felt helpless . ` All I could do apart from being there for mum was to try to raise awareness of the Anthony Nolan register , particularly to young people who are much more likely to go onto donate and save a life . ` I was bowled over by how many people signed up as a result of #SaveBobbysMum , and it 's amazing to think that any of these wonderful people could go on to save the life of someone just like my mum . ' Ann O'Leary , head of register development at Anthony Nolan , said : ` We 're over the moon that we 've been able to find a suitable donor for Kym and that she 's now on the road to recovery . ` We 're so grateful to Bobby for spreading the word about the simple but life-changing act of donating stem cells and setting such an incredible and selfless example to young people . ` It 's our goal to save the life of everyone who needs a transplant so it 's wonderful that Bobby is now carrying on the fight against blood cancer and urging even more people to come forward and support the work of Anthony Nolan -- in particular young men . ' Men aged 16 to 30 are seriously under-represented on the Anthony Nolan register , making up only 15 per cent of potential donors - despite being far more likely to go on to donate and save a life than any other group . If you 're 16 to 30 and in good health you can join the register online at Anthony Nolan 's website here . Chloe Sims , Bobby 's TOWIE co-star , was among dozens of celebrities that tweeted their support . And Charlotte Crosby , from Geordie Shore , also gave her backing urging her followers to sign the Anthony Nolan stem cell donation register .