Heroin dealer Patrick Revins was identified by undercover police because he has his initials - ` P ' and ` R ' - tattooed on either side of his forehead . A bungling drug dealer was caught selling heroin by an undercover police officer who recognised him because he has his initials tattooed on his face . Patrick Revins , 49 , sold £ 10-worth of the Class A drug , which was hidden in a Kinder Egg , to the policeman in November 2013 , a court was told . The detective was easily able to identify who sold him the drugs - as Revins has ` P ' and ` R ' tattooed on either side of his forehead . Revins , at Stoke-on-Trent Crown Court yesterday , admitted one count of supplying heroin and was sentenced to a year in jail . That will be added to the 27-month prison sentence he is already serving for possession of knives . Revins ' tattoos were also his downfall last year when he walked into a branch of Barclays in Hanley , Staffordshire , armed with a large bread knife . Bank staff asked him to leave after he was muttering about how he was ` going to do ' someone . He then lifted his top and pulled the knife from the front of his trousers . Revins put the blade back into his trousers and left the bank but was arrested 20 minutes later after staff identified him by his distinctive tattoos . Police seized a large kitchen knife with an eight-inch blade . Two days later , while on bail , Revins was stopped again , and found to be carrying a bayonet and a large carving knife . Police arrested him again . At yesterday 's hearing , prosecutor Joanne Barker told Judge Paul Glenn that Revins was caught by undercover police alongside fellow drug dealer Nathan Davenport , 37 . Ms Barker said : ` Davenport first came to the attention of the police in September 2013 . Revins , at Stoke-on-Trent Crown Court -LRB- pictured -RRB- yesterday , admitted one count of supplying heroin and was sentenced to 12 months in jail . Revins was caught by undercover police alongside fellow drug dealer Nathan Davenport -LRB- pictured -RRB- . ` The undercover police officer met with another man who took him to an address where the two defendants were living . ` Nathan Davenport took them to a van and wrote down his contact details before handing over £ 20 worth of heroin . ` The next occasion the police operative met up with Davenport , the operative saw Patrick Revins there . ` In November , the operative saw Patrick Revins . Mr Revins asked the operative what he wanted and he said heroin . Mr Revins took some from a Kinder Egg and gave it to him for £ 10 . ' Davenport pleaded guilty to conspiracy to supply Class A drugs between September 2013 and March 2014 and was jailed for 45 months . Andrew Jackson , defending Davenport , said : ` He is a man who has been bedeviled by a strong addiction of drugs . ' Joanne Wallbanks , representing Revins , added : ` This was a one-off supply from his own drugs with no indication of being involved with anybody else .