George Osborne today brushed off Labour 's class war attacks , mocking Harriet Harman on live television over the fact they both went to the same private school . Challenged about claims senior Tories are ` posh boys ' , Ms Harman , Labour 's deputy leader , insisted they were only ` standing up for people at the top ' . But sharing a breakfast TV sofa with her was Mr Osborne , who said that as they both went to St Paul 's School in London , ` the posh boy attack always sounds a bit thin ' . Scroll down for video . Labour 's deputy leader Harriet Harman and Tory Chancellor George Osborne , who both went to the same school , shared a sofa on the TV this morning . In the 1980s , Mr Osborne attended St Paul 's School for boys , where a place for a pupil boarding costs now £ 10,800-a-year . Ms Harman went to St Paul 's Girls School in the 1960s . In the 1980s , Mr Osborne attended St Paul 's School for boys , where a place for a pupil boarding costs £ 10,800-a-year . Ms Harman , who went to St Paul 's Girls School in the 1960s , has repeatedly accused the Tories of being ` completely out of touch ' . She has previously faced the wrath of Labour backbenchers when she sent her son and daughter to selective grammar schools . Appearing on BBC One 's Andrew Marr show , Ms Harman complained about Tory attacks on Ed Miliband that he ` stabbed his brother in the back ' for the Labour leadership . Host Andrew Marr asked : ` Is that somehow worse than accusing George Osborne and David Cameron of being ` posh boys ' ? Is there any difference really ? ' Challenged about claims senior Tories are ` posh boys ' , Ms Harman , Labour 's deputy leader , insisted they were only ` standing up for people at the top ' . Ms Harman did not resile from the class-based attacks , and added : ` Well I think we 're saying they 're standing up for people at the top and everybody else has been suffering and the recovery has n't reached people . ` But that is quite different from saying that as Prime Minister Ed Miliband would stab this country in the back . ' But sitting barely three feet away on the couch , Mr Osborne shot back : ` Well Harriet and I went to the same school , so the posh boy attack always sounds a bit thin when coming from her . ` But the point I 'd make is we 've got a really positive vision for this country and actually I 've found this campaign enormously energising and exciting . ` And I go round the country - people are switched on , people do care about this country 's future . ' Ms Harman attacked the Tories over their commitment to spend an extra £ 8billion on the NHS , insisting it was ` absolutely illusory ' Earlier Ms Harman said Conservative plans for ` extreme ' spending cuts would inevitably mean further cutbacks to health . ` The reality is that the spending programme that they have put forward is a threat to cut the NHS . It is absolutely illusory . ` I do n't think that people will believe it anyway . People know that they find it harder to see their GP since the Tories came into government , they know that they wait longer in accident and emergency and that waiting lists are starting to grow . ' Mr Osborne insisted , however , that the Conservatives had shown in government that they were able to make the savings necessary to deliver additional funding for the NHS . ` We have a balanced plan to grow our economy , to make savings in government including in welfare to fund our NHS each and every year , ' he said . ` We have to make similar savings each year that we have made for five years of this parliament but for two years . ` We have a track record in this parliament where we found almost £ 8 billion extra in real terms for the National Health Service in very , very difficult economic circumstances so we have proved our mettle , we have proved our ability to stand behind the National Health Service in this parliament . We can do it in the next . '