He rarely ever publicly criticizes his successor , Barack Obama . But on Saturday night , George W. Bush apparently lashed out at the President 's foreign policy . Speaking at a closed-door meeting with Jewish donors in Las Vegas , the 68-year-old former leader suggested that Obama 's plan to lift sanctions on Iran was not plausible - and comes too early . He noted that the country 's government and President Hassan Rouhani appear to be caving in - and implied that America could lose leverage if it relaxes sanctions on Tehran anytime soon . And he said that the comprehensive nuclear deal - which is currently being negotiated by six global powers , including the US - would likely have a negative impact on US national security in the future . Scroll down for video . Rare remarks : Speaking at a meeting with Jewish donors in Las Vegas , George W Bush -LRB- pictured -RRB- suggested that President Barack Obama 's plan to lift sanctions on Iran was not plausible - and comes too early . ` You think the Middle East is chaotic now ? Imagine what it looks like for our grandchildren . That 's how Americans should view the deal , ' Bush told donors at the Republican Jewish Coalition session . Bush 's concerns are in stark contrast to Obama 's belief that although the contents of the agreement - which were announced at the start of April - ` may not be optimal , ' they are America 's ` best bet ' . In an interview with the New York Times , Obama remarked : ` This is our best bet by far to make sure Iran does n't get a nuclear weapon . ' But he noted the deal could see ` real political difficulties ' . Bush 's administration initially began the diplomatic effort to confront the Iranian regime about its nuclear program . He also made attempts early in his administration to negotiate with North Korea . During his comments on Saturday , transcribed by an attendee at the event at the Venetian Hotel and obtained by Bloomberg , the former president told donors that he would not criticize Obama . He congratulated his successor on his ambition to degrade and destroy the Islamic State , which has taken over large swathes of Iraq and Syria and beheaded US journalists on video last year . Leaders : Bush , who rarely ever publicly criticizes Obama , noted that the Iranian government and President Hassan Rouhani appear to be caving in . Above , Bush , left , greets Obama in Selma , Alabama , in March . Terror group : Bush initially congratulated his successor on his aim to degrade and destroy the Islamic State . But he went on to imply that Obama has failed to keep his promises and is losing the war against the group . But he then went on to suggest that Obama had failed to follow through on his promises , saying that one of the key issues was that the Democrat did not develop a military strategy to defeat the terror group . ` In order to be an effective president ... when you say something you have to mean it , ' he said , according to Bloomberg , implying that Obama is losing the war against ISIS . ` You got ta kill em . ' Bush even reportedly touted his own success in capturing Islamic terrorist Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , who murdered Wall Street Journal reporter Daniel Pearl and countless others . In relation to Obama 's decision to withdraw all American troops from Iraq in 2011 , Bush cited Senator Lindsey Graham , of South Carolina , who has publicly criticized the President 's foreign policy . He quoted him as saying : ` Pulling out of Iraq was a strategic blunder , ' according to theNew York Times , which collected accounts of Bush 's comments from around 12 people at the session . A dangerous last name ? Bush apparently remarked that his brother , presidential candidate Jeb Bush -LRB- above -RRB- could encounter struggles in his campaign due to his last name because Americans do not like dynasties . Bush 's comments followed an interview with CBS News last November in which he suggested that the draw down of troops in the war-torn country had allowed ISIS to flourish and recruit more militants . Speaking to news station in a two-part interview , the politician said he thought it was ` the right decision ' to take military action in 2003 in a bid to oust Saddam Hussein . But he added : ` My regret is that ... a violent group of people have risen up again ... This is `` Al-Qaeda plus '' ... they need to be defeated . And I hope we do ... I hope the strategy works . ' During Saturday 's question-and-answer session , Bush also told anecdotes about his old friend , Russian President Vladimir Putin , whom he said had once told him that his dog was ` bigger , stronger and faster ' than Bush 's own . Bush considered the comparison to show Putin did not think in ` win-win ' terms , he said . He also apparently remarked that his brother , presidential candidate Jeb Bush , could encounter struggles in his campaign due to his last name because Americans do not like dynasties . And he called Hillary Rodham Clinton ` formidable ' , but beatable , the Times reported . The session was attended by Republican donor Sheldon Adelson , who owns the Venetian hotel . It comes as U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry is due to meet with Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif in New York on Monday , according to a senior State Department official . Kerry , who will be participating in a nuclear non-proliferation conference that opens at the United Nations on Monday , will also apparently meet with Jordanian Foreign Minister Nasser Judeh . And he will spend time with Egyptian Foreign Minister Sameh Shoukry , the official said .