Real Madrid 's international stars were reunited on Wednesday as they took part in their first training session since losing El Clasico to fierce rivals Barcelona . Cristiano Ronaldo returned to the club 's Valdebebas training ground after helping Portugal go top of Euro 2016 qualifying Group I with a 2-1 win against Serbia on Sunday evening . He was pictured greeting fellow Galactico Gareth Bale , who also enjoyed a successful weekend with his country as he scored twice in Wales ' 3-0 victory against Israel in Haifa . Cristiano Ronaldo greets Gareth Bale as Real Madrid 's squad are reunited after the international break . Ronaldo plays a pass -LRB- left -RRB- and appears to celebrate during the session at Real 's Valdebebas training ground . Defender Raphael Varane -LRB- left -RRB- keeps a close eye on Ronaldo as the Portuguese runs with the ball . Ronaldo , who scored in Real 's 2-1 defeat at the Nou Camp last month , appeared fit and fresh as Carlo Ancelotti led the first-team - and talented youngster Martin Odegaard - in training . The Norwegian midfielder became the youngest player to start a Euro qualifier when he faced Croatia on Saturday evening , although he could not prevent his country going down 5-1 in Zagreb . Odegaard , 16 , looks unlikely to play a part in Sunday 's crucial clash with Granada as Los Blancos aim to close the gap on leaders Barcelona . They will have an ideal opportunity to do just that when they host La Liga 's 19th-placed side at the Bernabeu in an 11 am kick-off , with Luis Enrique 's men travelling to Celta Vigo later that day . Real Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti chats with James Rodriguez as Real 's players stretch during training . Martin Odegaard -LRB- left -RRB- joins in with the first-team as Bale -LRB- right -RRB- balances a ball on his left shoulder . Fit-again Luka Modric -LRB- left -RRB- slides in to beat defender Fabio Coentrao to the ball in the Madrid sun . They will have an ideal opportunity to do just that when they host La Liga 's 19th-placed side at the Bernabeu in an 11 am kick-off , with Luis Enrique 's men travelling to Celta Vigo later that day . Sergio Ramos , Luka Modric and James Rodriguez were also pictured getting put through their paces in sun-soaked Madrid as Ancelotti bids to get his side back on track . Real have won just one of their last five games in all competitions - a 2-0 home victory against Levante last month - and are now four points behind Lionel Messi and co. .