A student who was left with an unsightly cauliflower ear following a botched piercing says she wishes she had listened to her mother who told her not to get it done . Remmie , 18 , had a thick bar put through her ear as an act of teenage rebellion , and initially hoped it would make her stand out from the crowd . But when the piercing became inflamed , Remmie was forced to remove the bar - and the resulting wound healed into a hazelnut-sized lump known as a keloid scar . Scroll down for video . Unsightly : Remmie was left with a hazelnut sized scar on the top of her ear following a piercing . Inflamed : After getting this bar put in , her ear became inflamed with led to a painful keloid scar . ` It looks vile , it 's not pretty and makes me feel less confident , ' says Remmie who appears on TLC reality series , Extreme Beauty Disasters . ` It 's getting bigger and it 's itchy . I had it done to look different , I look different now but not in a good way . People shout stuff and stare . ` It looks like I have a bit of chewing gum stuck on my ear . You just want to flick it off but you ca n't . ' Her concerned mother , Victoria , who had always been against the piercing , added : ` I told her not to have it done . I 'm worried about it getting bigger . ' Vile : Remmie , 18 , says the unsightly lump is ` vile ' and has knocked her confidence badly . Desperate to get rid of the unsightly lump , Remmie was forced to seek the help of cosmetic surgeon Vik Vijh . Mr Vijh immediately diagnosed a keloid scar , which according to the British Skin Foundation , affects between 10 and 15 per cent of wounds . The scars , which usually take the form of a hard lump of tissue and are often larger than the original wound , are most frequently found on the shoulders and neck . Unfortunately , as Mr Vijh pointed out , removal operations frequently make things worse as the body goes into overdrive to heal the new wound . But much to the 18-year-old 's relief , he also revealed that keloid removal operations on the ear are among the most likely to be successful . Much better : The teenager is now smiling again after a cosmetic surgeon managed to remove the scar . ` The good news is I can take these lumps away and reconstruct , ' he explains . ` But there is a risk the scars could return . ' Despite the risk , Remmie chose to go ahead and much to her delight , her ear has been returned to normal . ` My confidence is over the top , ' she said afterwards . ` it 's so much better . I feel like me again , it 's nice to be back . '