Manchester City bounced back from their recent 4-2 derby defeat by easing to victory against West Ham . An own goal by James Collins and Sergio Aguero 's 20th Barclays Premier League strike of the season was enough to give City the three points . Here , Sportsmail 's Chris Wheeler rates the players ' performances at the Etihad Stadium . MANCHESTER CITY -LRB- 4-2-3-1 -RRB- . JOE HART 6 - The England goalkeeper could n't have wished for a quieter 28th birthday , and was rarely called into action by a toothless West Ham . PABLO ZABALETA 6.5 -- Treated for bloody nose early on but that was about the extent of the damage inflicted on City . Got forward well as usual . Manchester City right back Pablo Zabaleta keeps Enner Valencia at bay by putting in a crunching challenge . MARTIN DEMICHELIS 6 -- Careless slip let in Carlton Cole in the first half but otherwise looked relatively comfortable alongside a new defensive partner in Mangala . ELIAQUIM MANGALA 7 - Dominant display from City 's £ 32million defender who was able to enjoy a trouble-free return to the line-up , and snuffed out the few threats offered by the Hammers . ALEKSANDAR KOLAROV 6.5 -- Went close with slightly deflected freekick and another effort from a tight angle in the second half . Defensively , faced little threat from Valencia . FRANK LAMPARD 6 -- Only his fifth Premier League start for City and of lack match sharpness showed on occasions as his touch let him down . Manchester City midfielder Frank Lampard was given a rare chance to impress by starting against West Ham . FERNANDO 6.5 -- Did n't have too much on his plate but was alert to track Kouyate 's burst from midfield in the first half and produced a fantastic interception tackle . JESUS NAVAS 8 -- Much better from the little Spaniard . More direct and looked for an earlier pass , which contributed to both of City 's first two goals . Jesus Navas played a major role in Manchester City 's two goals at the Etihad Stadium . YAYA TOURE 7 -- A more lively display than of late from the much-maligned Ivorian who passed the ball well and his interception started the move for City 's second goal . DAVID SILVA 6.5 -- Subdued display despite going close with a couple of efforts , and stretchered off following lengthy treatment after taking an elbow to the head from Kouyate . SERGIO AGUERO 7.5 -- The Argentine 's third goal in two games took his total to 26 for the season , and the top of the Premier League scoring charts with 20 . Ca n't argue with that . Sergio Aguero celebrates with City team-mates Navas and Yaya Toure after putting his side 2-0 up . Manchester City ace Sergio Aguero wheels away in celebration after scoring his 20th Premier League goal . Subs : Caballero , Sagna , Boyata , Fernandinho -LRB- for Lampard 88 -RRB- , Nasri -LRB- for Silva 75 , 6 -RRB- , Dzeko -LRB- for Aguero 90 +1 -RRB- , Pozo . Scorers : Collins og 18 , Aguero 36 . Booked : Navas , Silva . WEST HAM -LRB- 4-1-4-1 -RRB- . ADRIAN 6 -- Had little chance with either of City 's goals , particularly Collins 's own-goal which looped over his head and in off the underside of the bar . CARL JENKINSON 6 -- One of West Ham 's better defenders and produced an excellent interception to deny Aguero an almost certain goal in the second half . JAMES COLLINS 5 -- Wo n't enjoy seeing a replay of his freakish own-goal . Almost redeemed himself with a great block on Silva -- but not quite . West Ham centre back James Collins diverted the ball past Adrian to give Manchester City an early lead . WINSTON REID 5.5 -- Did his best to hold City at bay but guilty of an awful dive in the dying stages that was thankfully ignored by the referee and ridiculed by the City fans . AARON CRESSWELL 5.5 -- After his goalscoring exploits against Stoke last weekend , had a difficult afternoon up against Navas and struggled to cope at times . ALEX SONG 5 -- Had his hands full trying to screen West ham 's defence against the blue tide in the first half and replaced by Jarvis as Big Sam tried to salvage something in the second . Alex Song , pictured with Lampard , was replaced by manager Sam Allardyce in the 66th minute . CHEIKHOU KOUYATE 6 -- His arm into Silva 's face was the talking point of a dull game . It seemed to be more careless than malicious but City may think otherwise . MARK NOBLE 5 -- Overrun in midfield and was able to offer his team very little . Struggled tpo get into the game at all . STEWART DOWNING 4.5 -- Lost the ball in the build-up to City 's second goal and that summed up his performance . Below-par and lacked any impact at all . ENNER VALENCIA 6 -- Anonymous in the first half but picked up a bit after the interval and had West Ham 's best effort with a fine individual run and shot . CARLTON COLE 4.5 -- Was gifted the Hammers ' best opportunity in the first half but took too long to get a shot off . Struggled with little service and replaced by Nolan . Carlton Cole failed to impress on his first start since his side 's 0-0 draw with Southampton in February . Subs : Nolan -LRB- for Cole 66 , 6 -RRB- , Jarvis -LRB- for Song 66 , 6 -RRB- , Nene , O'Brien , Amalfitano , Jaaskelainen , Burke . Booked : Kouyate , Downing . Referee : Anthony Taylor 6.5 . Star man : Jesus Navas .