Francis Coquelin is confident he can show his potential as Arsenal 's long-term midfield enforcer when he goes head to head with ` unbelievable ' Nemanja Matic in Sunday 's Barclays Premier League showdown with Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium . The Gunners tackle the leaders aiming to eat into their 10-point advantage at the top of the table following last weekend 's 1-0 victory over third-placed Manchester United . Coquelin was drafted back into the Arsenal squad from a loan spell at Charlton in December , since when the 23-year-old has gone on to cement his place in shielding the back four , and has been instrumental during a run of 21 victories from the last 25 matches . Francis Coquelin has made 23 appearances for Arsenal this season since ending his loan spell at Charlton . Coquelin is looking forward to his duel with Chelsea midfielder Nemanja Matic on Sunday at the Emirates . The Frenchman , though , knows he will be up against one of the best defensive midfielders around when the Serb Matic aims to close out another triumph for Jose Mourinho 's men . ` What he has done is unbelievable . At Chelsea he is one of the main men , so credit to him . He has had a great season and is a great player . It is always good to play against players like that , ' Coquelin said on Arsenal Player . ` It is an important position and Matic has shown how important he is - that is what I am trying to do as well for Arsenal . ` The fans want a good defensive midfielder - they know it is important for the team . ' Arsenal will be out to beat Chelsea for the first time since October 2011 , when Robin van Persie netted a hat-trick in a remarkable 5-3 victory at Stamford Bridge . Coquelin played against Reading in the FA Cup semi-final last weekend and has cemented his place in the side . Wenger , though , has every confidence his side can again answer another stern examination . ` From a good run of form you get a good belief and we have a good solidarity , ' he said . ` We know that we have passed many tests recently where we were questioned . This season is the first time we have won away from home against Manchester City -LSB- in a while -RSB- . ` So we have passed many tests and we have another on Sunday that we want to pass . ' Wenger added : ` Chelsea have been very , very efficient on counter-attacks , very efficient on set-pieces as well , so to nullify their strengths will be important . '