Nasa claims we 'll find aliens in the next 10 to 20 years -- and now the agency is revving up its efforts to track them down . The group has put together a team of ` extraterrestrial experts ' to see if any of the planets discovered outside our solar system are habitable . And it says that amateur astronomers could help with its ` unprecedented ' search for ET by accessing research data online . Scroll down for video . The Nexss team , includes those who study Earth as a life-bearing planet -LRB- lower right -RRB- , those researching the diversity of solar system planets -LRB- left -RRB- , and those on the new frontier , discovering worlds orbiting other stars in the galaxy -LRB- upper right -RRB- . The initiative , dubbed Nexus for Exoplanet System Science -LRB- Nexss -RRB- , will include scientists from 10 universities including Stanford , the University of California and Yale . The study of exoplanets is a relatively new field , and began with the discovery of the first exoplanet around a star like our sun in 1995 . Since the launch of the Kepler space telescope six years ago , more than 1,000 exoplanets have been found , with thousands of additional candidates waiting to be confirmed . Nasa has set up a website for the public called Planet Hunters which allows anyone to search the data gathered by Kepler , which launched six years ago . Scientists are also developing new ways to confirm the habitability of these worlds and search for biosignatures , or signs of life . During a talk last month , Nasa said humanity will encounter extra-terrestrials within a decade . ` I believe we are going to have strong indications of life beyond Earth in the next decade and definitive evidence in the next 10 to 20 years , ' said Ellen Stofan , chief scientist for Nasa , -LRB- pictured -RRB- at a Washington panel discussion . By applying a ` system science ' approach , the team hopes to understand an alien planet 's biology interacts with the atmosphere , geology , oceans , and interior of a planet . The announcement comes just weeks after Nasa 's top scientist predicted we could be on the verge of finding life on one of them . During a talk in Washington last month , the space agency announced that humanity is likely to encounter extra-terrestrials within a decade . Alien hunters from the University of Berkeley , California and Stanford are tasked with answering the question : ` What are the properties of exoplanetary systems , as they relate to their formation , evolution , and potential to harbour life ? ' They will combine astronomical observations of exoplanets and forming planetary systems with powerful computer simulations and cutting-edge microscopic studies of meteorites . The team from Arizona State University in Phoenix will take a similar approach . This research group will place planetary habitability in a chemical context , with the goal of producing a ` periodic table of planets . ' Researchers from Hampton University , Virginia , will be exploring the sources and sinks for volatiles on habitable worlds . This research will help determine the past and present habitability of Mars and even Venus . The team centered at Nasa 's Goddard Institute for Space Studies will investigate habitability on a more local scale . It will examine the habitability of solar system rocky planets through time . The team from Yale University in New Haven , Connecticut , will design new spectrometers - optical instruments that measure the spectrum of light - with the stability to reach Earth-detecting precision for nearby stars . A group led the University of Nebraska-Kearney will explore the existence and evolution of exospheres around exoplanets , the outer , ` unbound ' portion of a planet 's atmosphere . From the University of California , Santa Cruz , a group will investigate how novel maths equations can be used to extract information from light that is emitted and reflected by planetary atmospheres . ` I believe we are going to have strong indications of life beyond Earth in the next decade and definitive evidence in the next 10 to 20 years , ' Ellen Stofan , chief scientist for Nasa , said . ` We know where to look , we know how to look , and in most cases we have the technology . ' Jeffery Newmark , interim director of heliophysics at the agency , added : ` It 's definitely not an if , it 's a when . ' ` We are not talking about little green men , ' Stofan said . ` We are talking about little microbes . ' The announcement was prompted by the recent discovery of water by Nasa in surprising places . Jim Green , director of planetary science at Nasa , noted that a recent study of the Martian atmosphere found 50 per cent of the planet 's northern hemisphere once had oceans a mile deep . Scientists using the Hubble recently provided powerful evidence that Jupiter 's moon Ganymede -LRB- pictured -RRB- has a saltwater , sub-surface ocean , likely sandwiched between two layers of ice . The same study found that water had been present on the red planet for up to 1.2 billion year . ` We think that long period of time is necessary for life to get more complex , ' Stofan said . Nasa associate administrator John Grunsfeld said he is excited about seeing what form life beyond Earth may take . In their hunt for alien life , astronomers have so far focused on looking for Earth-like planets around smaller , cooler suns . But these exoplanets - despite having a chance of holding water - are believed to be locked in a rotation around their sun which causes only one side of their surface face the star . Now astronomers claim that such exoplanets actually rotate around their stars , and spin at such a speed that they exhibit a day-night cycle similar to Earth -- increasing the chance of finding alien life . Planets with potential oceans could have a climate that is much more similar to Earth 's than previously expected , ' said Jérémy Leconte , a postdoctoral fellow at the Canadian Institute for Theoretical Astrophysics -LRB- CITA -RRB- at the University of Toronto . ` If we are correct , there is no permanent , cold night side on exoplanets causing water to remain trapped in a gigantic ice sheet , ' he said . ` Whether this new understanding of exoplanets ' climate increases the ability of these planets to develop life remains an open question . ' ` Once we get beyond Mars , which formed from the same stuff as Earth , the likelihood that life is similar to what we find on this planet is very low , ' he said . ` I think we 're one generation away in our solar system , whether it 's on an icy moon or on Mars , and one generation -LSB- away -RSB- on a planet around a nearby star . At the same conference last year , Nasa Administrator Charles Bolden made a more conservative estimate . He claimed that we will find life within the next 20 years - with a high chance it will be outside our solar system . Nasa next Mars rover , scheduled to launch in 2020 , will search for signs of past life and bring samples for a possible return to Earth for analysis . Nasa also hopes to land astronauts on Mars in the 2030s , which Stofan says is crucial key to the search for Mars life . ` I 'm a field geologist ; I go out and break open rocks and look for fossils , ' Stofan said . ` Those are hard to find . ` So I have a bias that it 's eventually going to take humans on the surface of Mars -- field geologists , astrobiologists , chemists -- actually out there looking for that good evidence of life that we can bring back to Earth for all the scientists to argue about . ' The space agency is also planning a mission to Europa , which may launch as early as 2022 . It hopes to find out whether the icy moon is habitable . Meanwhile , the agency 's James Webb Space Telescope -LRB- JWST -RRB- , will launch in 2018 to scope out the atmospheres of nearby ` super-Earth ' alien planets . New Horizons took this image of the icy moon Europa rising above Jupiter 's cloud tops . The space agency is planning a mission to Europa , which may launch as early as 2022 , to find out whether the moon is habitable .