Teenagers will be encouraged to learn foreign languages by talking about tattoos , music festivals , YouTube and rap music under the latest GCSE shake-up . Teenagers will be encouraged to learn foreign languages by talking about tattoos , music festivals , YouTube and rap music under the latest GCSE shake-up . Exam board officials yesterday unveiled a draft syllabus for 14 to 16-year-olds which they said would ` make content more contemporary ' . Some students will be asked to study a review of a gritty 15-rated foreign film , while others will look at Spanish tweets on the Olympic Games . The proposals , announced by Oxford , Cambridge and RSA Examinations -LRB- OCR -RRB- , aim to rid classrooms of ` tired phrases ' which some pupils now see as outdated . The board said children were ` uninspired ' by conventional topics like ` my school day ' , ` my pencil case ' and ` my family ' . It said the new French , German and Spanish GCSEs would allow pupils to talk about their interests using updated content . Exam board officials also hope to ` bring back linguistic skills ' by focusing on grammar as a component of an indispensable language ` toolkit ' . OCR languages expert Katherine Smith said : ` This entails moving away from working too long on a clichéd topic until a student is bored with it , to working on more appealing subjects , and with an all-important shift in emphasis on the skills that they can transfer across content . ` Current GCSE specifications have focused on preparing coursework which is more about the theme than learning the building blocks of a language . ` This has de-skilled students and led to ` topic fatigue ' . Our new approach should fundamentally improve both the student 's enjoyment and their linguistic ability . ' The course content , which has now been submitted to Ofqual for approval , would be studied by pupils from 2016 . The board said it had disposed of old topics including ` My holiday ' , ` Aurélie and Fabian go to town ' or ` Mathilde 's school day ' . One teacher at an OCR teacher consultation said : ` Students are not really going to meet somebody in a café in Paris and describe their entire family . ' Pupils would no longer be forced to recite phrases like ` I have a grapefruit every morning ' and instead would be able to express views such as ` In my opinion a discreet tattoo is an expression of your personality ' . In the new draft German GCSE , there is a film review of the thriller Run Lola Run , which is rated 15 and features some mild violence . In the Spanish GCSE , students will be asked to look at tweets on the Olympic Games . Exam board officials yesterday unveiled a draft syllabus for 14 to 16-year-olds which they said would ` make content more contemporary ' Other proposed content includes listening to a radio broadcast on rap music and discussing online gaming and YouTube . Potential topics include Cannes Film Festival , volunteering abroad and foreign food . Experts said the new content would take inspiration from methods used to teach English as a foreign language . Literature extracts will be also be studied at the request of the Department for Education , including passages from an Ionesco play . OCR also wants to abandon inflexible vocabulary lists and encourage pupils to use a smart app to help them memorise words . Ms Smith added : ` While language teachers are pulling their hair out as their student numbers decline with languages not prioritised by the current system , captains of industry are also deeply frustrated . ` We are passionate about getting these three core language GCSEs right to help the UK build a generation of people with the language skills that are so desperately needed . '