A 17-year old who spontaneously decided to run off for four days survived during his disappearance by eating from the fruit trees at his high school . Connor Sullivan , of Cupertino , California , attended his first period class at Monta Vista High School on Monday morning before disappearing for roughly 80 hours . After the junior returned home on his own Thursday night , police who had been searching for him learned that the teenager had never left the Bay Area town and was using the water fountains and Porta Potty on campus . Though search parties took off from the school , they could not find Sullivan , who said after his return that he slept under the bleachers every night , police told Daily Mail Online . Police and volunteers had searched -LRB- left -RRB- frantically for Connor Sullivan , -LRB- right -RRB- 17 , of Cupertino , California , though the teenager was hiding at and around his high school . Sullivan reportedly survived by eating from the fruit trees at Monta Vista High School , which grow pineapple guavas and pear-like quinces -LRB- file photo -RRB- . Sergeant James Jensen said that the teenager spoke with police on Thursday night , and said that he had spent most of his time around the school and in the foothills to the west . He is thought to have sustained himself on fruit growing in Cupertino residents ' yards , as well as that on trees at his school . The school , which is about ten minutes ' drive from the headquarters of tech giant Apple , has rows of pineapple guava fruit trees native to South America , according to its student newspaper . It also has a tree that bears quinces , yellow fruits native to Turkey that look similar to pears . Both quinces and pineapple guavas , which are also called feijoas , can be eaten raw . Police and 250 volunteers had searched frantically for the 5 ' 5 '' 150 lb boy , according to ABC 7 . His father Jeffrey and mother Jill Sullivan said that the disappearance of the hardworking track athlete was completely out of character . His parents Jill -LRB- left -RRB- and Jeffrey -LRB- right -RRB- said that Connor had never run away before and that the behavior was completely uncharacteristic for the hardworking track athlete . Sullivan said that he slept every night under the bleachers at the school near Apple 's headquarters . Sullivan , who had never gone missing before , also spent time at Fremont Older Space Reserve park , where he would train for cross country races . He was said to have spent all of Monday hiking at the scenic reserve . Sullivan also told police that he spent one entire day under the bleachers at his school . In addition to school , the student also missed all of his practices . Police had searched for the teen , who does not have a car , at his school and in the surrounding neighborhood . Search parties had even gathered at the portable toilets he is thought to have used . Sullivan was reportedly stressed from school , though his family said that was not the reason he ran off and did not disclose the real cause . The teenager had originally agreed with police to do a press conference , though has now said that he will write a letter explaining his disappearance . Hundreds of volunteers gathered to look for the missing teenager , but could not find him even though he spent much of his time at and around the school . Sullivan spent the first day hiking at the Fremont Older Space Reserve park , where he often trained for his long-distance runs .