Chad Geyen -LRB- above -RRB- of Ramsey , Minnesota was found dead on Sunday of a self-inflicted gunshot wound . A man charged with multiple counts of sexual abuse against young boys killed himself the day before his trial . Chad Geyen , a married father of two from Ramsey , Minnesota , was found dead on Sunday from a self-inflicted gunshot wound at a park near his home . He had been accused of assaulting at least six boys hundreds of times , including his own foster son , between 1990 and 2013 . The Star Tribune reports that Geyen , 45 , was first reported missing on Saturday night , having been out on bail since he was first charged in November 2013 . He was set to stand trial on five counts of first-degree and two counts of second-degree criminal sexual conduct . Of the six individuals who have come forward , four are now adults , with the oldest saying the abuse began between him and Geyen when he was part of the Big Brothers organization . Another boy claims Geyen once paid him $ 20 to perform a sexual act , while a third actually lived with the man as his foster child . That individual says he was 5-years-old when the abuse began , and that it occurred hundreds of times . All the boys were under the age of 13 when the alleged abuse began . While investigating , authorities found a fake Facebook account created by Geyen in which he claimed to be a 13-year-old girl to communicate with young boys . There was also visits to a ` boy-love ' site in his web history . ` It 's pretty unusual -LSB- for abuse cases -RSB- to go undetected after having this much contact with victims over such a long period of time , ' said Anoka County Sheriff 's Cmdr. Paul Sommer when the charges were first filed . ` There were hundreds of alleged incidents . ' The Hennepin County medical examiner 's office is set to release further details about Geyen 's death later this week . • For confidential help , call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-8255 or click here . • For confidential support on suicide matters in the UK , call the Samaritans on 08457 90 90 90 , visit a local Samaritans branch or click here .