A bloodstained document revealing a life-or-death episode that could have derailed the whole US space programme of the 1960s is tipped to sell for £ 80,000 -LRB- $ 120,000 -RRB- . The splatters of blood on the checklist for the very first US spacewalk were from an astronaut as he frantically battled to close the hatch door of the spacecraft after a historic venture . But the Gemini 4 mission of June 1965 ultimately proved successfully , and paved the way to astronauts walking on the moon for the first time four years later . A complete 13-page checklist , including a bloodstained document seen at the front -RRB- , from the Gemini 4 mission in June 1965 is tipped to sell for a huge £ 80,000 -LRB- $ 120,000 -RRB- . The list shows the various steps the astronauts had to go through when opening and closing the hatch to space . Gemini 4 launched from Cape Canaveral in Florida on 3 June 1965 with two astronauts on board . One , Ed White , was tasked with performing the first US spacewalk , less than three months after Soviet Alexey Leonov had completed the first spacewalk in history . The two astronauts on the Gemini 4 mission were Jim McDivitt and Ed White . The Gemini programme of the 1960s was designed to develop and test capabilities that would ultimately land humans on the moon in the Apollo missions . The first crewed Gemini flight , Gemini 3 , lifted off Launch Pad 19 at Cape Canaveral in Florida on March 23 , 1965 . Nasa 's two-man Gemini spaceflights demonstrated that astronauts could change their capsule 's orbit , remain in space for at least two weeks and work outside their spacecraft . They also pioneered rendezvous and docking with other spacecraft . All were essential skills to land on the moon and return safely to Earth . They orbited Earth 66 times over four days and , on the first day , Ed White donned a spacesuit and drifted out of the cramped capsule . He spent 20 minutes in space on the spacewalk , or extravehicular activity -LRB- EVA -RRB- , before having to come back in , which he said was ` the saddest moment of my life ' . But the hatch to get out had proved difficult to open and it was equally difficult to close when White was back inside . It 's thought one of them cut their hand or finger on the hatch locking mechanism and their blood ended up on the checklist after they removed their gloves while safely inside . Had the pair not been able to lock the hatch after themselves , they would n't have been able to re-enter Earth 's atmosphere and would have been lost in space . And had that worse case scenario happened , it could easily have scuppered the Apollo missions that followed including the first of the moon landings four years later in 1969 . Edward White , pictured , became the first US astronaut to perform a spacewalk on 3 June 1965 . He spent 20 minutes in space , and said coming back in was ` the saddest moment of my life ' . As it was the first spacewalk , there were a number of complications . White used a small jet propulsion unit to move around in space . The two astronauts on the Gemini 4 mission were Jim McDivitt and Ed White . They orbited Earth 66 times over four days and , on the first day , Ed White donned a spacesuit and drifted out of the cramped capsule . Shown is the first page of the checklist -LRB- left -RRB- and the Suit Integrity Check -LRB- right -RRB- for the spacecraft . The Gemini programme of the 1960s was designed to develop and test capabilities that would ultimately land humans on the moon in the Apollo missions . On the left is part of the checklist used for leaving the spacecraft , and on the right , part of the checks the astronaut leaving had to go through . Nasa 's two-man Gemini spaceflights demonstrated that astronauts could change their capsule 's orbit , remain in space for at least two weeks and work outside their spacecraft . Pictured is the later Gemini 7 in orbit , as seen from Gemini 6 during a rendezvous mission in December 1965 . Checklists from space missions are said to be highly collectable items because they flew in space and were so vital to the astronauts . The spacewalk checklist for the Gemini 4 mission of 1965 belonged to McDivitt who gave it to a friend after signing it many years ago . The document is now being sold at auction to mark the 50th anniversary of the historic mission . Cassandra Hatton , of auctioneers Bonhams which is selling the item , said : ` The Gemini 4 mission was the first time -LSB- an American -RSB- walked in space and it was a huge step in the development of the space programme . Gemini 4 -LRB- pictured -RRB- launched from Cape Canaveral in Florida on 3 June 1965 with two astronauts on board . Shown are astronauts Edward H. White II -LRB- left -RRB- and James A. McDivitt , command pilot for Gemini 4 . ` We knew we could get into space but until this point we did n't know if we could walk and float around out there . Jim McDivitt and Ed White 's achievement is second only to landing on the moon . ` The checklist was vital for making sure things did n't go wrong and they did n't get sucked out into space . ` They had a difficult time in getting back in the capsule afterwards as the hatch got stuck . There was a problem with the latch on the hatch . It was a really scary , life or death moment . ` If they had n't been able to get the hatch closed they would have died in space . It would have been the first major space programme disaster which could have jettisoned the whole space programme . ' The auction takes place on April 24 in New York . The Gemini spacecraft -LRB- illustrated -RRB- was fairly cramped , leaving the astronauts little room to move around . This fantastic shot shows White floating above the curvature of Earth with the hatch seen open on the right .