A father from Milton Keynes claims he has developed an allergy to Nigel Farage that leaves him sweating and shaking whenever he sees the Ukip leader on TV . Richard Howarth , 35 , says he gets so agitated when he sees Mr Farage that he has to immediately change the channel or he becomes ill . The medical recruitment consultant , who has always had a keen interest in politics , said hearing Mr Farage 's voice makes him ` physically sick ' . Scroll down for video . Richard Howarth says he breaks out in a sweat and starts shaking when he sees Ukip leader Nigel Farage . He claims the lead up to the election is a difficult time for him because Mr Farage , who is standing as a candidate in Thanet South and has appeared on TV debates , is on television so often . He said : ` It 's almost like an allergy . The symptoms are similar . When I see him on telly , I sweat a lot and become anxious . ` Thinking about how the party can affect the way my son is going to be able to live his life in the UK makes me worry . ` I end up switching over because he just infuriates me . I 'm obviously allergic to Nigel Farage . ' Mr Howarth said he initially watched coverage of Mr Farage to educate himself on Ukip 's policies . ` At the start , I did listen to his points but in the end I could n't , ' he said . ` It was not good for my health . ` Seeing him made me weak -- I had to lie down . I ca n't watch him anymore . I do n't want to feel ill and anxious . ' Mr Howarth , 35 , says he has to change the channel when Mr Farage appears or he becomes physically sick . A phobia expert says it 's possible to have a reaction to a politician or person you fundamentally disagree with . Changing the channel usually provides instant relief , but sometimes Mr Howarth gets so frustrated thinking about Mr Farage that it takes him hours to calm down . ` If I do something else and distract myself away from it , I 'm fine but otherwise it can be a couple of hours , ' he said . Mr Howarth 's wife Catherine , 32 , has also told of his reaction . ` He has to turn the TV off or change channels because both seeing and hearing Nigel 's voice makes him physically sick , ' she admitted , saying she had sympathy for her husband 's unusual symptoms . ` He gets anxious and irritable and his hands shake . When he does turn over his symptoms continue for a while . ' Psychologist Dr Rick Norris , author of Think Yourself Happy , said Mr Howarth 's reactions sound more like they are the result of a phobia rather than allergy . Mr Howarth 's wife Catherine -LRB- right -RRB- says her husband gets so wound up by Mr Farage that he starts to shake . Dr Norris said : ` Phobias are irrational fears that cause some kind of avoidance reaction in the people who experience them . ` It is possible to have such a reaction to a politician or person whose views are diametrically opposed to your own . ` Some people can have similar reaction to their boss . They can get very fearful when called into their bosses ' office or at the thought of seeing them . ` What 's unusual in this case is that Mr Howarth appears not to have been in Mr Farage 's presence , only to have seen him on the television . '