Any defender who saw Jack Grealish glide around the Wembley turf with composure beyond his years should think twice before deciding that kicking him off the pitch is the way to limit his effectiveness . Between the ages of 10 and 14 , Grealish played Gaelic football to a high standard , even appearing at Croke Park five years ago in a match during half-time of a Dublin v Kerry senior game . On his debut for John Mitchels , a GAA club in Warwickshire , he received a mighty blow and appealed to the referee . ` This is n't soccer , Jack , ' he was told without pity . VIDEO Scroll down to watch Grealish idol Best scoring legendary goal for San Jose . Jack Grealish put in a dazzling performance as Aston Villa beat Liverpool in an FA Cup semi-final on Sunday . Villa fan Grealish takes on Liverpool 's Emre Can at Wembley during the impressive 2-1 victory at Wembley . Grealish celebrates with Fabian Delph -LRB- left -RRB- and Gabby Agbonlahor -LRB- centre -RRB- in the Wembley dressing room . After progressing through the Villa youth ranks he had to give up the sport where opponents would kick him and stamp on his fingers , but the toughness remains . The 19-year-old was clobbered by two fouls against Liverpool in Sunday 's FA Cup semi-final win , picking himself up each time . He wears his socks rolled down to show he is unafraid of taking ferocious hits . As a 15-year-old he watched a Sky Sports special dedicated to George Best and saw the Manchester United great dribble through a forest of tackles to score . Best wore his socks round his ankles in defiance , and Grealish decided to do the same . Now there is an aspect of superstition to the practice although he does buy kid-sized shinpads to meet safety regulations . Grealish wears his socks around his ankles but has to buy kid-sized shinpads to meet safety regulations . Man United legend George Best also wore his socks round his ankles with Grealish deciding to do the same . ` It 's just his style , ' said Villa manager Tim Sherwood . ` If he performs how I think he can , he can dress how he wants . It 's not a fashion show . He is good and perhaps he knows he 's good . You know what he said to me when I told him he was playing ? He just said : `` Bout time ! ' '' Grealish , on Chelsea 's radar until agreeing a new deal earlier this season , recorded Sunday 's game and celebrated Villa 's win by going home to watch it twice more . He is refreshingly down-to-earth . This evening Grealish will attend his nephew 's school cup final and present an award , bringing a pair of signed boots , too . Grealish joked ` about time ! ' when manager Tim Sherwood revealed he would be playing against Liverpool . Grealish and his Aston Villa team-mates celebrate as the club reached their first FA Cup final since 2000 . Grealish may draw a larger crowd after Sunday 's memorable Wembley debut in which he played a role in both Villa goals . There was also a breathtaking moment when he controlled a dropping ball , killing it dead with one touch . It showed why there is an international tussle between England and Ireland for his services . Watching proudly were dad Kevin , mum Karen , brother Kevan , and model girlfriend Sasha Attwood . They have been together since they were 14 . Villa youngster Grealish and his model girlfriend Sasha Attwood have been together since the age of 14 . Grealish 's father Kevin has bought Aston Villa season tickets for his sons since their infancy . Grealish blows out the candles on his birthday cake as he celebrates his fifth birthday dressed in a Villa kit . A young Grealish grins as he poses for a picture with former Aston Villa midfielder Paul Merson . All are mad Villa fans , Kevin having bought season tickets for his sons since their infancy . Grealish first sat in Villa Park 's Doug Ellis stand when he was four . The claret-and-blue connection goes back generations . Billy Garraty , his great-great grandfather on his mum 's side , won the FA Cup with Villa in 1905 . A picture of Garraty and his team still hangs in the family 's Solihull home . The FA Cup is the only major trophy Kevin has not seen Villa win . He was in Rotterdam in 1982 as Peter Withe 's goal won the European Cup for Tony Barton 's side . Billy Garraty , Grealish 's great-great grandfather on his mum 's side , won the FA Cup with Aston Villa in 1905 . Aston Villa pose with the FA Cup back in 1905 - Grealish 's great-great grandfather sits middle row , third left . Now his son could help Villa supply the missing silverware . But had Nottingham Forest not been under a transfer embargo on deadline day in February , this would be a different tale . Left out of squads by former boss Paul Lambert , Grealish was looking to go out on loan to continue his development . The Forest deal was in place but fell through . When Sherwood arrived things began to change . Grealish was selected for the huge relegation clash with Queens Park Rangers , and again at Tottenham . Grealish was selected for the relegation clash against QPR after Sherwood -LRB- left -RRB- took over at Villa Park . His next objective is to score . When he did that during a loan spell at Notts County last season -- five times to help them avoid relegation to League Two -- he looked to the skies with emotion . He lost baby brother Keelan to cot death 15 years ago this month . He also has two younger sisters , Keira and Hollie . Hollie has cerebral palsy and after the win at Tottenham , Grealish gave his shirt to a supporter he saw in a wheelchair . Grealish knows the hard work has only just started if he is to build on Sunday 's breakthrough performance . He has grafted hard to get to this point . Just do n't count on him pulling his socks up .