Dick Advocaat has refused to rule out staying on as Sunderland boss beyond the end of this season . The 67-year-old has signed a nine-game deal with the Black Cats and celebrated his first home match with a 1-0 victory over North-East rivals Newcastle last weekend . That result moved Sunderland three points clear of the bottom three and , with supporters having taken a liking to the affable Dutchman , he is open-minded when it comes to his future . Dick Advocaat has refused to rule out staying at Sunderland beyond the end of this season . Jermain Defoe -LRB- centre -RRB- scored a stunning goal to give Sunderland a win over fierce rivals Newcastle last week . Advocaat does not want speculation regarding his future to overshadow Sunderland 's survival attempts . ` My situation is not important , ' he said ahead of today 's visit of Crystal Palace . ` The most important thing is the team improving . I 'm a demanding manager , players can always do more . ` We will wait and see with my situation but I am enjoying every minute of this . ` The four years at Rangers were the best of my life , the way I could live my life . I have worked all over the world , but that admiration from the fans and the people at the club , I liked that . ` I enjoyed last weekend and I expected that atmosphere . The fans were unbelievable . Hopefully that will be the same against Palace . ' Of the instant rapport with the club 's fans , Advocaat said : ` I 'm not being arrogant but that is a normal situation for me . At the clubs I have worked at and the prizes I have won , that is normal for the fans to feel that way . ` But it is good to be back in club management . I enjoy working with people . ' Meanwhile , Advocaat has given his players a five-game survival target . Sunderland finish the season with trips to Arsenal and Chelsea , and the boss said : ` We have those last two away games to end the season so ideally we have to do it -LRB- safety -RRB- in the next five games . ` The most important of those five games is against Crystal Palace , because it is the next one . ` If we get a good result against Palace , the thinking might change as to how many points we need . We have to do it week by week and it 's important to win the home games . It 's better to do it game by game rather than look too far ahead . ' Advocaat congratulates Defoe on his goal against Newcastle and now targets a win over Crystal Palace . Advocaat has given Sunderland a five-match survival aim as the last two games are at Arsenal and Chelsea . That result moved Sunderland three points clear of the bottom three and , with supporters having taken a liking to the affable Dutchman , he is open-minded when it comes to his future . ` My situation is not important , ' he said ahead of today 's visit of Crystal Palace . ` The most important thing is the team improving . I 'm a demanding manager , players can always do more . ` We will wait and see with my situation but I am enjoying every minute of this . ` The four years at Rangers were the best of my life , the way I could live my life . I have worked all over the world , but that admiration from the fans and the people at the club , I liked that . ` I enjoyed last weekend and I expected that atmosphere . The fans were unbelievable . Hopefully that will be the same against Palace . ' Of the instant rapport with the club 's fans , Advocaat said : ` I 'm not being arrogant but that is a normal situation for me . At the clubs I have worked at and the prizes I have won , that is normal for the fans to feel that way . ` But it is good to be back in club management . I enjoy working with people . ' Meanwhile , Advocaat has given his players a five-game survival target . Advocaat praised the atmosphere for the game against Newcastle and wants a repeat against Palace . Striker Defoe will be looking to lead Sunderland to another major victory at the weekend . Sunderland finish the season with trips to Arsenal and Chelsea , and the boss said : ` We have those last two away games to end the season so ideally we have to do it -LRB- safety -RRB- in the next five games . ` The most important of those five games is against Crystal Palace , because it is the next one . ` If we get a good result against Palace , the thinking might change as to how many points we need . We have to do it week by week and it 's important to win the home games . It 's better to do it game by game rather than look too far ahead . '