A Chicago single mother has revealed what it 's really like to live on McDonald 's wages , where she makes only $ 10.50 an hour and can only afford to sleep in a moldy basement . Adriana Alvarez , 22 , says that even with assistance from food stamps , Medicaid , and a child care subsidy , she is barely getting by , despite having worked for McDonald 's for five years . Alvarez is a leader with Fight For $ 15 , an international movement to raise minimum wage laws and acquire the right to unionize . She said her pay used to be even lower before she and fellow employees of the fast food chain began to protest . Scroll down for video . Single mother Adriana Alvarez , 22 , has revealed what it 's really like to live on McDonald 's wages , where she makes only $ 10.50 an hour and can only afford to sleep in a moldy basement in Chicago . Alvarez -LRB- pictured with her three-year-old son Manny -RRB- says that even with assistance from food stamps , Medicaid , and a child care subsidy , she is barely getting by , despite having word for McDonald 's for five years . The mother revealed in a column for Refinery29 that the first thing she would do with an increased wage would be to find a ` decent place to live ' with good schools for her three-year-old son Manny . ` When it rains , water steeps into the apartment , ' Alvarez writes of her basement home , the only place she said she can afford . ` This wetness brings mold , and I ca n't get rid of the smell . We ca n't even leave anything on the floor ... toys or anything else on the floor may get ruined when the water comes in . ' Alvarez said that , after paying for ` child care , transportation to work , food , rent , and our other basic expenses , ' she can never afford to give anything else to her son . ` Every time I think about taking Manny somewhere fun , like to a movie , I have to think about whether we can really afford the gas , ' she writes . The mother said even providing the specific milk her son , who drinks ` a half-gallon every two days ' , requires because of his lactose intolerance can be a struggle . Since it 's a more expensive brand , it uses up most of the $ 80 Alvarez is allotted in food stamps , she told the New York Times . Alvarez said her situation is not unique . She said that most of her co-workers are ` in the same boat ' , forced to rely on government assistance ` no matter how long they 've held their jobs ' . According to one study cited in Business Insider , half of the nation 's fast food workers require some kind of government assistance , costing taxpayers $ 7billion a year . Alvarez is a leader with Fight For $ 15 , an international movement to raise minimum wage laws and acquire the right to unionize . She said her pay used to be even lower before she and fellow employees began protesting . Last year more than 100 McDonald 's employees , including Alvarez , who were part of Fight For $ 15 were arrested after they protested a McDonald 's shareholder meeting to demand the $ 15 an hour wage . And $ 1.2 billion of that public assistance goes to employees of McDonald 's annually , reported a study released by the National Employment Law Project . Just weeks ago , McDonald 's announced that it would be giving a $ 1 pay raise for about 90,000 employees , effectively making their wage $ 10 an hour . But the raise only applies to employees who work in restaurants owned by the corporation . Restaurants operated by independent franchise workers were ineligible for the wage bump , which Alvarez said disqualifies nine out of 10 McDonald 's employees . And , even for those who do get an increased wage , Alvarez argues that the number would ` hardly going to lift any working family out of poverty ' . And higher wages are n't all Alvarez and her co-workers are fighting for . She said Fight For $ 15 is also protesting for the ability to form a union ` without interference from management ' . A group of protesters in New York stage a die-in as part of a day of rallies and protests by fast-food workers known as ` Fight for $ 15 on April 15 ' Fight For $ 15 -LRB- pictured protesting on Wednesday -RRB- started two years ago in New York , when hundreds of fast food workers went on strike the day after Thanksgiving . Alvarez writes that she needs a union to help negotiate sick days , which she said she is currently not provided with , costing her a day 's worth of wages when she has to stay home if her son is ill . Fight For $ 15 started two years ago in New York City , when hundreds of fast food workers went on strike the day after Thanksgiving . The movement staged rallies across the country yesterday in honor of ` Fight for $ 15 on April 15 ' . Last year more than 100 McDonald 's employees , including Alvarez , who were part of Fight For $ 15 were arrested after they protested a McDonald 's shareholder meeting to demand a wage raise . There has been some change . Seattle and San Francisco have raised the minimum wage to $ 15 an hour , and a ballot campaign began in Washington , D.C. this week to initiate the same change . But Alvarez hope she will get to see change in her own life soon . ` It does n't seem right that people who work with children or who serve food are n't paid enough to support their own kids or put food on their own table , ' she writes . ` We want our families to be able to look forward to a better future . ' There has been some change . Seattle and San Francisco have raised the minimum wage to $ 15 an hour , and a ballot campaign began in Washington , D.C. this week to initiate the same change .