It might not sound very romantic . But ditching the idea that we should we should marry for life could help many of us have happier relationships , according to a marriage therapist . A fixed-term Starter Marriage , in which couples sign a renewable contract - known as a ` wedlease ' - would work better for many couples , argues Susan Pease Gadoua . A relationship expert has suggested that a renewable marriage contract known as a ` wedlease ' would work better for many modern day couples and avoid increasing divorces . In her new book , The New I Do , which was co-written with Vicki Larson , she claims that the traditional marriage model in our modern-day culture ` sets up too many people for failure ' . So , instead of promising 'til death do us part ' , couples in a Starter Marriage agree to be together for ` two , three , four or more years -- whatever works for you and your partner ' . At the end of the stated contract period , the couple decide whether they want to go their separate ways , or continue with the marriage , at which point they should draw up a revised contract . ` A Starter Marriage is a short-term contract for couples to ` try on ' the institution to see if it fits -- without bringing children into the mix -- before jumping into a life-long contract , ' Mrs Pease Gadoua said . ` We have learner 's permits for driving , we have internships before starting careers and we have probationary or modifiable contracts in many other business negotiations , yet the greatest and most in-depth legal contract that most of us will ever enter requires that you commit to one person forever with precious little information about what it will entail . ' Relationship counsellor Susan Pease Gadoua says that traditional weddings set people up for failure . The Starter Marriage can be an improvement on the traditional marital model because ` each spouse will need to be paying closer attention to his or her actions and stick to what was agreed to , lest his or her partner decides not to renew a few years down the road ' , the 53 year old claims . And if the couple do decide to part , the separation should be more amicable than other divorces might be and reduce the odds of individuals feeling like they have ` failed ' , she adds . ` Because a Starter Marriage by its nature avoids the drama that typically goes along with a marital dissolution , you and your former spouse will more likely be able to sit down and compare notes about what worked and what did n't . ' If the couple stay together , the new contract could be amended to fit another of the specific marital models that Mrs Pease Gadoua advocates . For example , if they want children , they could sign a ` Parenting Marriage ' contract -LRB- couples should remain childless while in a Starter Marriage ` because it 's a bad idea to ` try on ' marriage with young lives in the balance ' -RRB- , with new rules and goals . Or if monogamy proved a challenge during the Starter Marriage , an Open Marriage contract ` might be an attractive option ' , she said . But Mrs Pease Gadoua , who got married at the age of 43 , stresses that the Starter Marriage is not about just marrying anyone for the sake of being married , and it does n't mean that you should marry in the hope of it ending by a certain time -- ` you 're just not going to vow ` until death do us part ' , ' she said . Susan 's book The New ` I do ' explores alternatives to the traditional nuptials . And , the American claims , despite its temporary nature , a Starter Marriage is not the same as cohabiting . Not only does marriage give you more legal and financial protection , couples often have different expectations while living together , and roles can be confused . She also claims friends , families , and society view cohabiters differently , with fewer people regarding them as a family unit when unmarried . Couples can also slide into living together with completely different expectations , she warns . One of the pair may see it as a way of saving on living expenses while the other assumes it 's a stepping stone to marriage . A Starter Marriage can ` help couples align expectations , create a plan of what each partner will contribute to the marriage , clarify goals and strategize what will happen if one or both do n't want to renew the contract , ' she said . A typical contract would cover areas such as finances , sex -LRB- amount , and views on monogamy -RRB- , career priorities , and even how free time should be spent -LRB- with specific rules about visiting in-laws -RRB- . ` If you want to explore what being married is like , living together wo n't really give you the answer , ' she said . ` Having a Starter Marriage with a contract , however , will . ` And it will make you smarter and more prepared for either the renewal of your marital contract or a new marriage with a new partner . ' She does admit however , that limited term marriages will be unthinkable for many . ` Marriage should be considered ` successful ' by what it has accomplished , not by how long it lasts , ' she said . ` If people are going to continue to see marriage that way , then , yes -- a renewable contract is going to create quite a bit of angst for many of them . ' But Harry Benson , research director at Marriage Foundation , the think-tank which champions marriage , said the idea of a Starter Marriage ` undermines commitment ' and reduces it to a ` business contract ' . ` The basic premise of commitment is to make a plan for an indefinite future together , ' he said . ` Anything less than that is a business contract . ` Without such a clear view of the future , there is no need to sacrifice , to forgive , to prioritise one another , all of which are fundamental characteristics of a successful relationship . ` Most importantly , commitment is about giving up other choices . If I choose you , I have stopped choosing others . ` That unconditional choice sends a signal that provides clarity , intent , and removes ambiguity . ` Setting a time limit utterly undermines commitment and sabotages it from the very beginning . ` All relationships are difficult because all of us are different . ` Even if a little over a third of marriages fail , most last for life . Success stories outside of marriage are the exception . ` The idea of a starter marriage might hold superficial appeal . But it is ultimately doomed to failure because it runs contrary to human nature . ` Everyone wants reliable love . Limited term contracts are n't the way to do it . ' Divorces are most likely to occur between the fourth and eight wedding anniversary , with half of all divorces happening in the first 10 years of marriage , according to the Office for National Statistics . If you do n't fancy a Starter Marriage , here are some of Mrs Pease Gadoua 's other alternatives ... Parenting Marriage : Main aim is to provide a loving , stable home for children . Couple do not have to be in love . Time-limited , in that the couple agree to stay together for a specific period , e.g. until the youngest child has reached 18 , or graduated from university . May feel that you have settled , and disappointed about missing out on a passionate , romantic relationship . Living Alone Together Marriage : Offers ` healthy balance between personal fulfilment and intimacy ' , with each spouse free to pursue own goals and passions . Good for the strongly career-driven or those with children from previous relationship as you do n't have the complications of blending a family . May feel lonely or suspicious , and it can be an expensive arrangement . Safety Marriage : Marrying for financial security and a desire to live a lifestyle you are accustomed to , or aspire to . One spouse is financially secure and the other has something else to bring to the table like sex , or an ability to caretake . Might create a power imbalance , and you might face judgment from others . Open Marriage : Get to sleep with other people while maintaining an intimate relationship . If differing sex drives , can both feel satisfied . May feel jealous or shameful and insecure . Partner may become emotionally attached to someone else .