Divock Origi has revealed that compatriot Simon Mignolet has been helping him prepare for the ` special feeling ' of playing at Anfield and the goalkeeper has given him tips about the best places to go in Liverpool . Belgium international Origi has also received messages from members of the club 's management team to let him know they are monitoring his progress closely during his season-long loan at French side Lille . Liverpool signed the 20-year-old for £ 10million last summer after he impressed for Belgium at the World Cup before sending him straight back on loan to the Ligue 1 team . Divock Origi signed for Liverpool for £ 10million last summer before being loaned back to former club Lille . Liverpool signed Origi after the Belgium striker impressed during last summer 's World Cup in Brazil . Liverpool explored the possibility of bringing Origi to the club in January after Daniel Sturridge 's long-term injury and Mario Balotelli 's failure to find form left Brendan Rodgers ' side goal-shy in the first half of the season . But Origi stayed in France , where he has scored nine goals this season , to continue his development but he says he has been in regular contact with his international team-mate Mignolet throughout the campaign . ` Simon has helped me a lot and given me a lot of information about the city , ' Origi told Liverpool 's official website . ` He told me it 's a nice city and advised me on where you can live and the nice places to go . He told me he really likes it and feels at home there . ` He told me it -LRB- playing at Anfield -RRB- is a special feeling , but that 's something I knew already , ' explained the forward . Simon Mignolet has been advising his compatriot about life at the club and in Liverpool . The 20-year-old striker has scored nine times during his season-long loan at French side Lille . ` He told me before every game there is a fantastic atmosphere from the supporters and everybody at the club , which helps you to play even better . It makes me excited because it 's something I want to experience . ` Some people from the team 's management have also sent me some messages and let me know they 're watching all the games . It 's very nice to have the team supporting me and watching often . '