Baywatch star Jeremy Jackson , pictured in January , has been arrested after a man was stabbed in the chest with a knife . Baywatch star Jeremy Jackson has been arrested after a man was stabbed in the chest with a knife - and identified his attacker as ` Hobie ' from the hit show . Jackson was taken into police custody on Saturday for assault with a deadly weapon in West Lake , LA . The 34-year-old is accused of stabbing a man with a knife on Friday - his relationship to the man is not clear . The victim told police the man was Hobie - Jackson played Hobie Buchannon , the son of David Hasselhoff 's character Mitch Buchannon on Baywatch . On Saturday , police received a report of a possible prowler in the same neighborhood where the attack took place , reports the LA Times . Officers stopped that alleged prowler and discovered it was Jackson -- who was wanted in the stabbing . He was immediately arrested at 7:15 am . Jackson was released that same day on $ 30,000 bail , according to the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department . Jackson , of Newport Beach , Calif. , has not addressed the arrest on social media . He is well-known for his troubled personal life . He left Baywatch , which he starred in from 1991-1999 , because he was suffering from a severe drug addiction , according to an interview with E! on Child Star Confidential . And in 2011 he was treated for steroid addiction on Celebrity Rehab with Dr Drew . In January , the former child star was kicked out of UK reality show Celebrity Big Brother for groping a glamor model in a drunken stupor - he was later cautioned by police . Celebrity blogger Perez Hilton , a fellow contestant , had questioned the wisdom of Jackson taking part in the show , saying that the actor was not ` mentally stable ' and ` borderline scary ' . Earlier this year the MailOnline revealed the former Baywatch star is alleged to have attempted to murder his ex-wife in an attack caught in a terrifying audio recording . Jackson with David Hasselhoff when he played his character 's son Hobie Buchannon . The recording captures Jackson allegedly pouncing on fitness model Loni Willison as she lay in bed at their Los Angeles home . Loni , 31 , can be heard screaming in terror as Jackson allegedly strangled and beat her , leaving her with two broken ribs , an injured neck and scratches on her face and body . LA police officers were called to the incident last August and in a police report seen by MailOnline the star was accused of ` attempt murder ' -- a case later dropped after distraught Loni decided not to press charges . The police report said : ` Susp . argued with vict -LRB- spous & cohab -RRB- , susp used both hands to strangle vict and covered vict 's nose and mouth with his left hand , preventing victim from breathing . ' The MailOnline revealed in January the former Baywatch star is alleged to have attempted to murder his ex-wife , Loni Willison , in an attack caught in a terrifying audio recording . Loni , 31 , can be heard screaming in terror as Jackson allegedly strangled and beat her , leaving her with two broken ribs , an injured neck and scratches on her face and body . She also released a second recording of the unstable actor in which he threatens to kill her in a bizarre , incoherent rap song he emailed to her a day before the alleged attack . The 12-minute rambling ditty demonstrates Jackson 's state of mind as he spiraled out of control . Loni said she hoped her ex would seek the help he desperately needs to ` fix ' his problems . Loni did not press charges against Jackson at the time as she said she did n't want to land him in jail and he filed divorce papers . The model first met Jackson in 2003 but they did n't begin a serious relationship until March 2010 . She moved into Jackson 's Beverly Hills home five months later and the couple tied the knot on January 12 , 2012 - a date chosen because it was 12.12.12 . The recording emerged after the former child star was kicked out of UK reality show Celebrity Big Brother for groping a glamor model in a drunken stupor - he was later cautioned by police . Photos of the intimate ceremony in Laguna Beach , California , were spread across the pages of a glossy magazine and show a couple very much in love . But cracks in the relationship soon began to show when Loni decided to study an aesthetician course and could not spend as much time with Jackson as he wanted . She also believes Jackson may have started using drugs again as he began behaving differently and was prone to depressive mood swings and violent outbursts . A spokesman for Jackson said he had no comment when contacted by MailOnline in January following the revelations . Cast : Jeremy Jackson played Hobie Buchanan in Baywatch , -LRB- far right -RRB- growing up in the spotlight among the other stars .