John Lewis is still desperately trying to sell its leftover Christmas stock despite spending millions on a festive advertising campaign . The department store has slashed the prices on almost 200 products in an attempt to flog Christmas trees , festive ornaments and decorations - more than three months after December 25 . It comes after the major high street outlet reportedly spent £ 7million on its tear-jerking 2014 Christmas advert campaign featuring Monty the penguin . John Lewis is still desperately trying to sell its leftover Christmas stock such as this Father Christmas decoration-just days before Easter . The department store giant has slashed its prices on its Christmas decorations and festive themed gifts such as this gold reindeer , cut from £ 20 to £ 10 . With just days to go until Easter , John Lewis has halved the price of many of its decorations and trees - knocking as much as £ 250 off the 9ft John Lewis Pre-Lit Peardrop with 500 lights , formerly £ 500 . Meanwhile , a 64 cm high ` Cambric and Cream Father Christmas Sack ' , is now available to buy half price at £ 17.50 . A plywood White Wooden LED Advent House is also priced at £ 17.50 on the store 's website - compared to £ 35 in the build up to Christmas last year . John Lewis has knocked £ 250 in an attempt to get rid of their leftover stock - more than three months after the Christmas break . This wooden advent calendar is being sold at half price , £ 17.50 , one the store 's website which is making a desperate bid to get rid of its Christmas trees , festive ornaments and decorations . The store is also trying to flog a ` Gold Glitter Tabletop Stag ' for £ 10 after reducing it from its original price of £ 20 . There are now 108 items priced at £ 5 or less and 36 festive themed gifts and objects will set you back less than £ 2 . Their bid to sell off leftover stock comes just days before this year 's first national holiday , when families tuck into Easter themed products like chocolate eggs . Office worker Georgina Adams from Southampton , Hampshire , was shocked to see the giant high street outlet still stocking the products . It comes after the major high street outlet reportedly spent a staggering £ 7 million on its tear-jerking 2014 Christmas advert campaign . The 30-year-old said : ` It 's crazy . Who wants to make decisions about Christmas at Easter ? ` Everyone knows they go a bit over the top at Christmas - especially with their adverts - but selling old Christmas stock in April seems a bit odd . ' A John Lewis spokeswoman said : ` We get demand for Christmas products all year round . ` While the majority of our customers might begin their Christmas purchases much nearer the festive season we do see interest in our seasonal offer all year round . ` Our in-store Christmas shops open in October and last year we saw Christmas become the most searched term on our website at the beginning of September . ` As with other seasonal offerings , if there is a demand for reduced Christmas items for sale post season then it makes sense to make such product available for customers . ' A staggering 108 items are priced at £ 5 or less and 36 festive themed gifts and objects will set you back less than £ 2 . This cambric and cream Father Christmas sack was one of the many festive products which were being sold off cheaply on the John Lewis website . John Lewis ' two minute advert , telling the story of seven-year-old Sam , played by actor Rhys Edwards from Hertfordshire , and his friend Monty , won high praise in the run up to Christmas last year . 1 . Sainsbury 's -- Christmas Day Truce 1914 . 2 . John Lewis -- Monty the Penguin . 3 . Nike Football -- Winner Stays . 4 . Nike Football - The Last Game . 5 . Always -- Like A Girl . 6 . Three -- Sing It Kitty . 7 . Marks & Spencer -- Follow The Fairies . 8 . Save The Children -- Most Shocking Second a Day . 9 . Guinness -- Sapeurs . 10 . Pepsi Max -- Human Loop the Loop . The boy gradually realises Monty is longing for a penguin companion . And so on Christmas morning Sam surprises Monty with the gift of a new penguin friend named Mabel . The soundtrack was John Lennon 's song Real Love , performed by Tom Odell . It 's uplifting story touched many and made Monty the penguin a bestselling gift but it ultimately lost out to Sainsbury 's in the battle for best Christmas ad . The recreation of one of the most famous moments from the First World War by Sainsbury 's saw it named the most viewed in the UK . It featured a ` creative interpretation ' of Christmas Day 1914 when British and German soldiers laid down their weapons and met in no man 's land . The supermarket chain reconstructed the trenches scene to celebrate their 20 years of support for the Royal British Legion , which runs the annual poppy campaign .