Cabinet Secretary Sir Jeremy Heywood ordered an inquiry into claims that a leaked memo shows SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon would prefer a Tory General Election victory . Cabinet Secretary Sir Jeremy Heywood last night ordered an inquiry into claims that a leaked memo shows SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon wants David Cameron to win the Election . The investigation came after Ms Sturgeon claimed she was the victim of Whitehall ` dirty tricks ' . The row followed an allegation she told French ambassador Sylvie Bermann she would prefer a Tory General Election victory -- partly because Labour leader Ed Miliband is not ` PM material ' . The leaked memo , drafted by a British civil servant , reported Ms Sturgeon had privately told the diplomat ` she would n't want a formal coalition with Labour ; that the SNP would almost certainly have a large number of seats ... she 'd rather see David Cameron remain as PM ' . The Scottish First Minister yesterday branded the report as ` 100 per cent untrue ' and stressed French officials had also denied the account . She added ` the real issue is how a second-hand and inaccurate account of this meeting came to be written by a UK Government civil servant , then leaked ' . However , her opponents claimed the memo showed the SNP secretly thinks a Tory-led Government in London would make it easier to stoke nationalist resentments and increase the likelihood of a future independent Scotland . It came as sources revealed that the SNP leader is planning to ambush Mr Miliband during the next televised debate . Ms Sturgeon has been plotting with Plaid Cymru 's Leanne Wood to portray Mr Miliband as part of the ` discredited Westminster establishment ' in a joint ` Kill Mil ' nationalist pincer movement . Senior Labour figures fear Mr Miliband has made a disastrous misjudgment by taking part in the next debate on April 16 . The row follows an allegation Sturgeon -LRB- left -RRB- told French ambassador Sylvie Bermann she wants David Cameron -LRB- right -RRB- to win -- partly because Labour leader Ed Miliband is not ` PM material ' Sturgeon denied claims that she secretly hoped Cameron would win the election on her Twitter account -LRB- above -RRB- . Neither David Cameron nor Nick Clegg will take part , leaving the Labour leader to fight it out with the nationalists , Ukip 's Nigel Farage and Green Party leader Natalie Bennett . A Labour source said : ` If the girls gang up on him then Ed will be toast . ` He does n't know how to handle that sort of thing . ' A Tory Party source said : ` Miliband is heading towards a giant elephant trap . '