Arsenal are trying to find a cure for Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 's persistent groin problems in a bid to prevent surgery . Arsene Wenger revealed the attacking midfielder has suffered a setback in his bid to return from a hamstring strain that has sidelined him since the FA Cup win over Manchester United on March 9 . However , it is the recurrence of a long-standing groin problem that has caused the delay in Chamberlain 's return to action , not the hamstring . Arsenal are trying to find a cure for Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 's persistent groin problems . Oxlade-Chamberlain has been struggling with an ongoing groin problem for several months . The groin injury has been an ongoing problem for the England international for several months , but he , together with the club 's medical staff , have managed it throughout the season . The root cause of the complaint remains unclear , with club doctors trying to establish a permanent cure for the problem . Arsenal are keen to surgery and are exploring other treatment methods to rid the former Southampton man of his groin discomfort . However , the option of an operation is n't being ruled out , though any procedure would only take place in the summer . Arsene Wenger has revealed the attacking midfielder has suffered a setback in his bid to return to fitness . The 21-year-old should play again this season but the fear is that the problem could recur . Oxlade-Chamberlain will miss at least two more weeks , meaning he will not be available for next weekend 's FA Cup semi-final against Reading . The 21-year-old should play again this season , but the fear is that the problem could recur . Surgery would mean another busy summer for Oxlade-Chamberlain as he 'd be required to complete a rehabilitation programme before pre-season . He was involved in Roy Hodgson 's World Cup squad last year , but did n't feature owing to a knee injury . Fitness permitting , Oxlade-Chamberlain is also likely to be part of Hodgson 's squad for Euro 2016 at the end of next season . Arsenal are close to signing 16-year-old Maxi Romero from Velez Sarsfield for £ 4.5 million . ` It is taking a bit longer than I thought because he has a groin inflammation , ' confirmed Wenger . ` I hope it does not become a long-term problem but he faces a hurdle this week in training . ` We will see if he has recovered , so the end of the week and the start of next week are important to see if he got rid of that inflammation . Meanwhile , Arsenal 's chief negotiator Dick Law has flown to Argentina in an attempt to rubber-stamp the £ 4.5 million capture of 16-year-old forward Maxi Romero from Velez Sarsfield . The deal has been held up by third-party ownership issues - and Law has travelled to South America to resolve the problem .