Kellie Maloney has left hospital after completing her sex change and said : ` I am proud to be the woman I should 've always been ' . Transsexual Kellie , formerly boxing promoter Frank Maloney , started the process to change gender two years ago and underwent her final surgery last week . The twice-married 61-year-old was expected to stay in hospital for 10 days , but has been released four days early . She now faces a further six weeks recuperation period at her home in Kent with children Sophie , 20 , and Libby , 14 , and may also go to Europe for some spring sunshine to help her heal . Scroll down for video . Recovery : Kellie Maloney had tweeted these pictures of herself after leaving hospital after her final sex change operation . Message : After her release from hospital Kellie sent this tweet on what was also international Transgender Day of Visibility . She was seen leaving the private Nuffield Heath hospital in Brighton - which was also the international Transgender Day of Visibility . She wrote on Instagram : ` I am proud of who I am on this transgender day of visibility . But more important I am just proud to be the woman and human being I should always been . ` I stand alongside my sisters asking the world to show us respected . ' This morning she tweeted : ` First night at home not feeling to bad still very sore and got pain but in good health ' . The gruelling transition process has included hormone therapy , electrolysis to remove excess body hair , counselling and voice coaching . She also underwent surgery in November last year to make her face appear more feminine - a process which went drastically wrong when she stopped breathing . The procedure left Ms Maloney , who has three children from two marriages , with a severely swollen face and the former promoter revealed that she thought her head would ` explode ' after the agonising surgery . She had been due to have her final surgery in January but due to the previous complications it was delayed . As a boxing promoter she helped Lennox Lewis to become world heavyweight champion . Getting ready : Kellie Maloney went on a fitness regime before her sex change operation -LRB- pictured -RRB- and six days on from the procedure she has left hospital and is recovering at home . Her highly successful career , which spanned more than 30 years , saw her manage five boxers to world titles as well as many more British , European and Commonwealth champions . Before the final countdown to her last operation , Ms Maloney revealed she was hitting the gym hard to make sure she was in optimum health for the procedure . On March 14 , she tweeted : ` One last week of hard gym sessions set myself A target of 4 lbs to lose be4 going in to hospital and getting my bmi down by 2 per cent more . ' Last year she shocked the macho world of boxing by announcing her decision to change her sex and live as a woman . Ahead of her surgery , Kellie told Lorraine Kelly that she wanted to have her nose made slightly smaller . ` My youngest daughter told me my nostrils were too big , ' she said . I was always concerned about my chin but they tell me it 's within the female parameters and the gender doctor can do the full operation , hopefully , and breasts in January . ' Success : Her highly successful career , which spanned more than 30 years , saw her manage five boxers to world titles as well as many more British , European and Commonwealth champions . Kellie Maloney , pictured last year , completed her sex change with a final four-hour operation . She added : ` I am living really well now , I am pleased that the public are really good to me and my daughters are great . The operation will be the final piece of the jigsaw , then I can start living my life properly . ` Most of my friends are retiring but I am living life all over again . ' Kellie is also sharing her story and supporting others within her support group , talking at events and helping other transgender people . She even revealed that she 's toying with the idea of getting back into boxing to prove that women can do it too . ` At least it will stop me shopping , ' she said .