Jemma Peacock -LRB- pictured on her wedding day -RRB- says the NHS is denying her two daughters -LRB- pictured -RRB- their mother by refusing to fund a life-saving drug . A terminally-ill cancer sufferer has accused the NHS of denying her two daughters their mother by refusing to fund a potentially life-extending drug . Jemma Peacock , 31 , suffers from a rare form of stomach cancer and is currently taking three drugs to try to prolong her life . The third and most effective drug - regorafenib - costs the NHS around £ 1,000 a week to provide and has been removed from the health service 's approved list of treatments . Mrs Peacock , who lives with her husband Tony and daughters Kacie , six , and Willow , four , in Storrington , West Sussex , has wild-type gastrointestinal cancer , which causes tumours to grow in the stomach and intestines . The mother-of-two , who is yet to tell her young children about her condition , says she can not afford to buy regorafenib privately and has called on NHS England to reverse their decision . She said : ` The final drug is the most effective and it is heart breaking they have removed it from the treatment list . ` The cancer that I have is extremely rare and the research into it is limited so it angers me that they are removing a drug that has been proven to work . ` I am lucky that I have managed to spend 14 months on the first drug , Imatinib , in the series but I know that it will soon have no effect on my body . ` The second drug , Sutan , is not very effective and I know that when I have to be put on it I will have minimal time left . ` You can buy regorafenib privately but that costs £ 3,700 a month and I do n't have that kind of money . ` Family members have offered to sell their houses and belongings to pay for my treatment but I ca n't accept that . ` I can not ask my family to put their lives on hold when I might only get another year of life . ' Mrs Peacock -LRB- pictured with daughters Kacie , left , and Willow , right -RRB- , who has a rare form of stomach cancer , has been refused a drug which could help her battle the disease . The mother-of-two , who set up a 100,000-strong petition for the drug regorafenib to be funded , has not told her daughters that she has cancer . Mrs Peackock , who lives in Storrington , West Sussex , with her daughters and husband Tony , has wild-type gastrointestinal cancer , which causes tumours to grow in the stomach and intestines . After NHS England removed the drug from their list of treatments in January this year , Mrs Peacock launched a petition calling on the NHS to reinstate it . More than 100,000 people have signed it , meaning MPs will have to discuss the issue in Parliament when they return to the Commons after the election - but by then Mrs Peacock 's cancer may have progressed . Despite thousands joining her cause , Mrs Peacock is yet to tell her daughters that she has cancer . ` I do not want to scare them with what I am going through , ' she said . ` We had to watch my dad die of lung cancer just 18 months ago and the girls found that really tough as they were very close to him . ` If I told them I had cancer it would scare them and no parent wants to scare their child . I do spoil them more then what other parents would but who can blame me . ` I want them to have as many happy memories with us as a family as possible before I get too ill and I can no longer enjoy the time I have . ` I think about the conversation I will have to have with them in the future and it heart wrenching that I will have to tell my daughters I will soon not be here anymore . ` But I know that I have to push that conversation to the back of mind and enjoy the time I have left with my family . ' The NHS currently spends in the region of £ 1.3 billion on cancer drugs a year , and receives a further £ 200million annual boost from the Cancer Drugs Fund - which helps to fund treatments for rare forms of the disease . NHS England then decides what drugs this money goes towards , with a ruling in January removing regorafenib from the fund 's list because the treatment 's effectiveness did not represent ` sufficient value for retention ' . The report found that , on average , it cost £ 4,493 to provide a four-week cycle of regorafenib to a patient , with the average recipient needing the drug for 23 weeks . NHS England declined to comment .