Amy Murray -LRB- pictured -RRB- assaulted a woman during a screening of Fifty Shades of Grey after people became annoyed with her for laughing at the sex scenes . A single mother was arrested during a screening of Fifty Shades of Grey and led from the cinema in handcuffs after drunkenly assaulting a fellow film-goer who was annoyed at her for laughing at the sex scenes . Amy Murray , 23 , of Brightlingsea , Essex , rowed with fellow cinema-goers during a screening of the adult-only film after people sitting in the row in front of her and her friend became annoyed at them . An argument broke out and Murray hit Jessica Deadman , 23 , while drunkenly gesturing with her hand . Police were called to the Century Cinema in Clacton-on-Sea , Essex , on February 18 just before the end of the film . Simon Bravery , prosecuting , said : ` The defendant was rude to people and appeared to be fairly threatening in her language towards them . ` In the end she was challenged and told she would be removed . ` This kind of behaviour continued for 20 minutes . Other people present were disturbed by her actions . ' He said following an argument Murray swung her hand and hit Ms Deadman , who had been watching the film with friends . Paul Baker , defending , said : ` Miss Murray is a single parent of a four-year-old son and is someone who rarely goes out . ` A friend of hers bought a ticket to go to the cinema on this particular date . ` Miss Murray was reluctant to go but her friend persuaded her to . ` Her friend wanted to make an evening of it and they went to a local public house and alcohol was consumed by both parties . ` While in the cinema they continued to drink alcohol and by the time the incident happened she was in a pretty poor state of sobriety . ` She and her friends were finding the content of the film somewhat amusing but people sitting in the row in front of them took exception to the hilarity they were finding . ` At that point an argument broke out and there was a frank exchange of views . ' Police were called to the Century Cinema -LRB- pictured -RRB- on February 18 just before the end of the erotic film after an argument broke out and Murray hit Jessica Deadman while drunkenly gesturing with her hand . Mr Baker said that Murray hit Mrs Deadman while drunkenly gesturing with her hand and that she accepts she was reckless . Speaking following the case , Miss Murray said : ` I 'm remorseful and embarrassed . I 'm a single mum and do n't get out very much - and had drunk too much . ` I 'm very sorry about what happened . ' Murray admitted charges of assault and being drunk and disorderly when she appeared before magistrates in Colchester . She was given a 12 month conditional discharge and ordered to pay £ 50 compensation and £ 100 in costs . Murray admitted charges of assault and being drunk and disorderly when she appeared before magistrates in Colchester . She had been watching blockbuster Fifty Shades of Grey -LRB- pictured -RRB- when the incident occured .