Ahead of this weekend 's Premier League action , Sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and Opta stats . Here is all the information you need for Everton 's home clash with Southampton ... Everton vs Southampton -LRB- Goodison Park -RRB- . Team news . Everton . Everton striker Romelu Lukaku will have a late fitness test on a hamstring problem ahead of the visit of Southampton on Saturday . The Belgium international withdrew from the national squad because of the injury and needs to be assessed . Everton 's Romelu Lukaku will be given a late fitness test for the home clash against Southampton . Midfielder Darron Gibson -LRB- stomach -RRB- is a doubt but forward Kevin Mirallas -LRB- dead leg -RRB- and Steven Pienaar -LRB- knee -RRB- are back in contention . Provisional squad : Howard , Coleman , Jagielka , Stones , Baines , Lennon , McCarthy , Besic , Naismith , Lukaku , Robles , Alcaraz , Browning , Garbutt , Gibson , Mirallas , Pienaar , Kone . Southampton . Southampton midfielder Steven Davis is a doubt for Saturday 's Barclays Premier League clash with Everton . Davis suffered a groin injury on international duty for Northern Ireland and will be given a late fitness test . Steven Davis -LRB- left -RRB- fends off Finland 's Roman Eremenko during Northern Ireland 's 2-1 win at Windsor Park in a Euro 2016 qualifier on Sunday . Goalkeeper Fraser Forster is out for at least the season after undergoing knee surgery , but Jay Rodriguez could be back from his long-term knee problem in four to five weeks . Provisional squad : K Davis , Gazzaniga , Clyne , Bertrand , Targett , Gardos , Yoshida , Alderweireld , Fonte , Schneiderlin , Wanyama , Ward-Prowse , Reed , Elia , Tadic , Mane , Djuricic , S Davis , Long , Seager , Pelle . Kick-off : Saturday , 3 pm . Odds -LRB- subject to change -RRB- : . Everton 17/10 . Draw 11/5 . Southampton 17/10 . Referee : Lee Mason . Managers : Roberto Martinez -LRB- Everton -RRB- , Ronald Koeman -LRB- Southampton -RRB- . Head-to-head league record : Everton wins 39 , draws 18 , Southampton wins 24 . Key match stats -LRB- supplied by Opta -RRB- . Everton have failed to score in three of their last four Premier League matches against Southampton . Everton have scored three own goals in their last two Premier League matches against Saints . Southampton have won none of their last nine trips to Goodison Park in the Premier League -LRB- W0 D2 L7 -RRB- and won just one of 15 away games against the Toffees overall -LRB- W1 D3 L11 -RRB- . Everton 's record Premier League win came at home against Southampton in November 1996 -LRB- 7-1 -RRB- , a result they matched v Sunderland in November 2007 . Graziano Pelle scores Southampton 's second goal past Tim Howard as Sylvain Distin lunges in vain during the Saints ' 3-0 win over Everton earlier this season at St Mary 's . Roberto Martinez 's side have won just four of their last 15 Premier League games at Goodison Park -LRB- W4 D7 L4 -RRB- . Ronald Koeman 's side have lost just one of their last six Premier League away matches -LRB- W4 D1 L1 -RRB- . Graziano Pellè has not scored or assisted a goal in any of his last 13 Premier League appearances , despite attempting 34 shots -LRB- inc. blocked -RRB- and creating 12 goalscoring chances for his teammates in these games . If Southampton win this match , they 'll equal their best ever points tally in a single Premier League season -LRB- 56 in 2013-14 -RRB- . Everton have won just eight of their 30 Premier League games this season , half the number that they won at this stage last season -LRB- 16 -RRB- . Southampton have dropped just two points from leading positions all season in the Premier League -LRB- W16 D1 of the 17 games they have led in -RRB- -- fewer than any other side .