A hung parliament could send financial markets into a tailspin and the pound and shares crashing , experts warned last night . Sterling has already fallen nearly five per cent against the US dollar in the past five weeks amid jitters about the outcome of the general election . Experts said last night that a badly hung parliament , with neither major party able to form a stable government , would be likely to send to pound plummeting by a further ten per cent . Sterling has already fallen nearly five per cent against the US dollar in the past five weeks amid jitters about the outcome of the general election . The sell-off could accelerate and spread to the stock and bond markets -- driving share prices down and borrowing costs up for the government , businesses and families , analysts warned . A Liberal Democrat analysis released as party leaders prepare for tonight 's seven-way TV debate showed that 98 per cent of polls conducted so far this year to a hung parliament . All the major pollsters are predicting that no party will win an overall majority , and all leading bookmakers now have the shortest odds on such an outcome . Last night , a forecast from pollster YouGov suggested the likely result on May 7 is a badly hung Parliament . It predicted the Conservatives would end up on 297 seats , only slightly down on 2010 , Labour 262 , the SNP 35 , Liberal Democrats 30 , losing almost half of their MPs , Ukip four and the Greens one . A second Conservative-Lib Dem coalition would only be able to command a Commons majority of four , making it difficult to form a stable government . Senior Conservatives are understood to have privately discussed the possibility of a three-way coalition , also involving Northern Ireland 's DUP , who currently have eight MPs , to increase the Government 's majority . George Buckley , UK economist at Deutsche Bank , said : ` The 2015 UK general election is set to be the most unpredictable for nearly a century . There may be no good outcome for investors . ' The pound could fall by ten per cent against the US dollar between the Thursday of polling day and the following Monday if a stable government does not emerge , according to experts at currency firm Argentex . ` Currencies react badly to political uncertainty , ' said Argentex managing director Harry Adams . ` If polls continue to churn out mixed results in the lead up to D-day the pound will continue to soften . The real danger for sterling is if a coalition ca n't be agreed by Monday . ' Pollster YouGov suggested the likely result on May 7 is a badly hung Parliament . It predicted the Conservatives would end up on 297 seats , only slightly down on 2010 , Labour 262 , the SNP 35 , Liberal Democrats 30 , losing almost half of their MPs , Ukip four and the Greens one . Veteran City commentator David Buik , an analyst at stock broker Panmure Gordon , said a hung parliament could be hugely damaging for the investors in stocks and shares such as those saving for a pension . ` Markets are incapable of dealing with uncertainty , ' he said . He said the biggest fear in the City is a deal between Labour , the SNP and the Liberal Democrats -- an outcome that could send the stock market down by ten to 15 per cent ` in a few weeks ' . ` The negative perception that this kind of government could have on markets could be visceral both at home and internationally , ' said Mr Buik . A hard-hitting report by BlackRock , the largest fund manager in the world , said yesterday that ` a soothing outcome for the markets is hard to imagine ' given Labour 's anti-business policies and Tory plans to hold a referendum on Britain ' s membership of the European Union . ` Labour would be tough on business -- and might be perceived as lacking fiscal responsibility , ' the US giant said in the report . ` A Conservatives-dominated Cabinet would pave the way for an unsettling referendum in 2017 on the UK 's EU membership . ` Whoever wins -- and the result could take some time to emerge -- will lead a weak government likely to pass only watered-down legislation . ' BlackRock , which invests in major British companies such as Tesco , said weeks of horse-trading to form a government would be ` harrowing for the UK ' .