A nurse , 52 , who was driving by herself on a dark country road faces felony charges after she did n't immediately pull over for a cop because she did n't think it was a safe place to stop . DelRea Good of Portage , Indiana says that on March 23 she was charged with resisting arrest because she hit the brakes for Porter County Sheriff 's Department Patrolman William Marshall about a half a mile down the road from where he asked her to halt her vehicle . Good was speeding and was driving at 54 mph in a 35 mph zone at 11:21 p.m. Charged with resisting arrest : Portage resident DelRea Good said she did not immediately pull over for the flashing lights behind her because , as a 52-year-old woman traveling alone at night on a dark county road . ` I felt I did n't do anything wrong , ' Good told NWI.com . ` I got to a safe place and I told him that . ' Good says that when she was ordered to pull over , she put on her emergency flashers , and waved her hand out the window to let the cop know that she was aware of his presence and that she planned to stop . She finally turned off the gas at a well-lit Kohls parking lot . Good said Marshall was enraged with her when she pulled over and said , ` What in the hell are you doing ? I could arrest you for this . ' Good has no previous criminal record and says that if she is convicted of a felony then she will lose her job . Marshall claims that Good was ` highly agitated and uncooperative ' and said she told him , ` I do n't care who you are I do n't have to stop on a county road , I 'm a single female . ' No criminal history : DelRea Good is a nurse with no criminal history and says that is she is convicted that her job will be in jeopardy . Marshall arrested Good after she ` failed to listen to how speeding endangers other drivers . ' ` I follow rules every day or people could get hurt , ' Good said in reference to her nursing career . ` This could be your mom , your sister , your daughter next time . ' Good even accuses the cop of bullying her on the way to the station and says he accused her of having a controlled substance , which turned out be be Advil . Good 's attorney Bob Harper has argued that his client 's concerns are absolutely warranted . Harper brought up a 1991 case in which a woman pulled over for a man pretending to be a cop who later attacked her . New motto : Good has decided to promote female safety by painting this on the back of her car and by assigning herself the hashtag #femalesafetymatters . Rough arrest : Good posted this photo on her Facebook showing the alleged bruises she got during the arrest . Harper then said that two years prior , Portage police issued a warning say that a man impersonating a police officer by flashing red and blue lights tried to get a woman to pull over . Portage Police Sgt. Keith Hughes said that the woman who refused to stop a few years ago exercised good judgement . He recommended that drivers call 911 if they expect someone is impersonating a cop and said if they are unable to get through to anyone they should wave to the officer them stop at a well lit area . Porter County Sheriff 's spokesman Sgt. Larry LaFlower said after the current incident that ` The sheriff 's office supports our officer 's decision in this matter . ' Good has been posting to her Facebook following the incident and decided to assign herself the hashtag #femalesafetymatters . She wrote that her lawyer is representing her free of charge because ` he feels this is a travesty of justice . ' Good also posted a picture of bruises on her arm from the arrest and claimed that the officer was too rough with her . Speaking out : Good said her lawyer decided to represent her free of charge because he feels her arrest was a ` travesty of justice '