While Rory McIlroy is no stranger to pumping iron , the world 's No 1 golfer will need more than a few extra sessions in the gym to get close to matching American teenager Brad Dalke . McIlroy knew he was beaten even before he took the strain for an arm wrestle with the ripped high schooler who made short work of a strength test against the Northern Irishman . Dalke posted a video of the light-hearted encounter on his Twitter page with the note , ` Sorry Rory . ' ` Look at this ... No chance , ' Rory McIlroy says as he prepares to arm wrestle 17-year-old Brad Dalke . Dalke makes short work of the strength test against the world No 1 golfer who was a guest at a junior event . McIlroy is no match for Dalke , the teenager who will join Oklahoma University in the autumn . McIlroy had run a clinic and offered some inspirational words to players on Friday at a junior invitational at the Sage Valley Golf Club in Graniteville , South Carolina , sponsored by Nike . There he met Dalke and the pair agreed to an arm wrestle . As they took a knee , with elbows on a table as is customary , McIlroy could n't help but be impressed by the 17-year-old 's biceps . ` Look at this ... no chance , ' McIlroy laughed while poking Dalke 's arm . ` I should n't be a golfer , ' Dalke , who listed ` working out ' among his interests on his 2014 Junior US Ryder Cup team profile , joked back . Oklahoma University hopes he was n't serious having had the prodigy lined up via a verbal agreement to play for them since he was just 12 years old . McIlroy , whose long game is one of the best in golf , pumps iron in the gym . The weights work in the gym did n't help McIlroy when he came face-to-face with Dalke . Schooling the world 's best golfer in an arm wrestle will do his bragging rights no harm when he arrives on campus to end the institution 's five-year wait for him to come of age this year . Dalke will join the Sooners after graduating a year early from high school , having completed extra classes since he was a freshman -LRB- the equivalent of year nine in the UK -RRB- . He told Golf Week last year that it was a ` dream come true ' when he was told he 'd be able to ditch move into college early . ` It 's the only place I wanted to go , ' Dalke said . - 2008 Drive , Chip and Putt National Champion . - US Kids World Champion in 2010 . - Committed verbally to Oklahoma University at the age of 12 . - Won the 2011 AJGA Thunderbird International Junior . - American Junior Golf Association First Team All-American in 2011 , 2012 and 2013 . - Member of the USA team that won a fourth successive Junior Ryder Cup in 2014 at Blairgowrie Golf Club . - Tied for third in the 2014 Junior PGA Championship . - Winner of the 2013 PING Invitational . - Equalled Tiger Woods ' Wyndham Cup appearances record playing from 2011 to 2014 . - Moved from home in McKinney , Texas , to Hobart , Oklahoma , where less credits are required to graduate high school . - Has a 4.0 grade point average and will begin university at Oklahoma a year early after picking up extra credits since he was a freshman . Dalke is a talented junior golfer and was a member of Team USA when they won the 2014 Junior Ryder Cup . Dalke celebrates the USA 's fourth successive Junior Ryder Cup win Blairgowrie Golf Club . Dalke committed to Oklahoma University at age 12 and has finished high school a year early to join them . Getting one over one of the greats of the game could also give Dalke a confidence boost that he 's been in need of on the course after hitting a disappointing 85 in the first round at Sage Valley . He shared his frustration with his Twitter following of less than 2,000 , a number that is sure to grow . ` Really bad day of golf today . Ca n't wait to get through this slump , and even though it 's tough to see now , I know I 'll be stronger in the end , ' he posted . He was right . The next day he shot a much-improved 72 and wrote : ` Way better day today . Shot a 72 . Felt like a whole different person out there . '