Derry Mathews will take on Venezuelan knockout artist Ismael Barroso for the interim WBA world title after Richar Abril pulled out of their April 18 date . Abril has been elevated to ` champion in recess ' with Darleys Perez declared the full champion of the lightweight division . Abril was initially forced to withdraw from his title defence against Mathews in March after coming down with dengue fever from a mosquito bite and he withdrew again this week as he is still reeling from the after-effects of the virus that has left him unable to train . Liverpool 's Derry Mathews -LRB- left -RRB- will go head-to-head with Ismael Barroso for the interim WBA world title . Derry was set to fight Cuban WBA champion Richar Abril but will instead face Barroso on the April 18 date . Mathews expressed his disappointment at losing out on a title shot with Abril , who was twice forced to withdraw through illness . Southpaw Barroso , a frightening puncher from El Tigre , has recorded 16 knockouts from 17 wins in his 19 fights -LRB- two draws -RRB- , with 11 quick wins coming inside the first three rounds . Although Liverpool ace Mathews is disappointed that he wo n't be facing the champion Abril for the belt , the main consolation for him is that he will still challenge for a version of the world title . And Mathews believes that his higher level of experience : 48 fights over 15 years ; 18 championship title fights ; 264 career rounds and 20 knockouts from 37 wins , vastly outweighs Barroso 's and will give him the vital edge over the South American hitman . ` It 's unfortunate that Abril 's pulled out again , but things in life happen for a reason and I 'm delighted to still be fighting for a version of the WBA world title and I 'm headlining the Echo Arena in front of my home fans , ' he said . In his absence WBA lightweight champion Abril -LRB- right -RRB- has been elevated to ` champion in recess ' ` I 've seen some footage of him , he 's strong , with big right hands and left hooks and and can take you clean out , but I 'm not going to be in a position to let him do that to me . ` Barroso 's a very dangerous fighter and a massive , massive , puncher . Just look at his record , he 's banging people out left , right and centre and it makes frightening reading , but when I saw it I said straight away I 'll have this guy because I know that I can beat him . ` I 've been in this sport for over ten years ; I 've had more knockouts than he 's had fights ; twice as many fights as him , and three times as many championship fights , in terms of experience he 's not on my level and I can use all of my experience to my advantage . ` Even with the change of opponent at this stage , plus the change from Abril 's orthodox style to Barrosa 's southpaw style , we still have some time to study him and my trainer Danny Vaughn is confident we can come up with the plan to beat him . I 'll beat anyone at the moment with the way I 'm feeling . ` I 'm in with a massive puncher , but I can punch a bit myself so the crowd will be in for an exciting fight and I can see me flattening him . If the opportunity comes to take him out early I 'll take it , but I know I 've got to be smart in there . '