Thierry Henry hailed ` the detective ' Francis Coquelin for his midfield display in Arsenal 's hard-fought victory over Burnley at Turf Moor . The former Gunners striker said that Coquelin was his man of the match in Arsenal 's 1-0 win , and he labelled the 23-year-old ` Columbo ' . Coquelin played a key role in Aaron Ramsey 's 12th-minute goal when he intercepted a Burnley pass and got his team on the front foot . Thierry Henry hailed the display of Francis Coquelin in Arsenal 's 1-0 win over Burnley at Turf Moor . Henry was speaking on Sky Sports ' coverage of the Premier League encounter on Saturday night . Speaking on Sky Sports ' coverage of the Premier League encounter , Henry said : ` I thought he was brilliant today . He was our man of the match . He senses the danger and is there straight away . ' Coquelin joined Arsenal in 2008 as a teenager and has had loan spells at Lorient , Freiburg and most recently Charlton . This season , though , the Frenchman has capitalised on some injuries in his position by impressing in his role as Arsenal 's holding midfielder . Coquelin was Arsenal 's man of the match , according to former Gunners striker Henry . The 23-year-old midfielder plays a pass under pressure from Burnley 's David Jones . Henry added : ` He went away a bit before coming back to Arsenal and maybe that helped him . ` Maybe he realised `` I do n't want to go on loan anymore . I want to play and show everyone I can play for Arsenal '' . ` He understood he had to be that type of player to play for Arsenal . ' Arsenal celebrated their eighth straight Premier League victory with a 1-0 win over Burnley at Turf Moor . Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger also praised the mental strength of Coquelin after seeing his team record their eighth straight league win . Wenger said : ` He gives the ball quickly and well and is good technuically . Overall he has contributed to the balance of the team . ` This is a player who has been with us for seven years . Sometimes you have to be patient . I 'm very happy for him because it shows great mental strength . '