Nick Clegg will today promise the highest education spending of any party with a £ 5billion flagship offer to undecided voters . At the launch of their manifesto today , the Liberal Democrats will vow to protect the entire education budget in the next parliament ` from cradle to college ' . Unlike Tory and Labour plans , spending would rise per pupil -- with an extra 460,000 schoolchildren expected in the next five years -- and also in line with inflation from 2018 . Scroll down for video . Nick Clegg -LRB- left -RRB- will today promise the highest education spending of any party with a £ 5billion flagship offer to undecided voters . His wife Miriam is pictured in Marple , Greater Manchester yesterday . It is understood that Mr Clegg will say this is a deal-breaker in any future coalition talks after May 7 , in order to win over ` centre-ground ' Conservative voters worried about funding cuts for schools . Education is a sore point for many who backed the Lib Dems in 2010 on the promise that the party would scrap tuition fees and then saw them trebled to £ 9,000 per year . But Mr Clegg will claim the Lib Dems are now ` the party of education ' and the school funding commitment is firm because it will be on the front page of today 's manifesto of pledges . The tuition fees pledge was not on the front page in 2010 , and the Lib Dem leader said those which were , such as increasing the income tax allowance , he had stuck ` doggedly , religiously ' to . Protecting the education budget in real terms for children aged two to 19 , will cost an additional £ 5billion a year more than the Conservatives plan to spend , and £ 2.5 billion a year more than Labour . It would kick in from 2018-19 , after the deficit has been cleared under Lib Dem plans and be funded by the proceeds of economic growth . Mr Clegg will claim the Lib Dems are now ` the party of education ' and the school funding commitment is firm because it will be on the front page of today 's manifesto of pledges . In a pitch to Tory voters in battleground areas such as the South West , Mr Clegg will say people ` are right to distrust the Conservatives on education ' . ` Our manifesto has one simple ambition and word at its heart , opportunity ' , he said last night . ` It 's the very old liberal idea that every should be able to live out their life to the full regardless of the circumstances of the circumstances of their birth , of the income of his or her parents or where they come from . ` Education is the great liberator of people 's potential so we need to make sure we support the education system in the next Parliament . ` The great challenge is we have more and more young people coming into our education system , so we need to make sure that the money is there to educate every single pupil even as their numbers increase . ` We are determined to make sure that every child in Britain has a world class education . ' The money would be spent on qualified teachers in every classroom , training more teachers , more classes in small groups or one to one and expanding early years education . Speaking on the campaign trail in Lewes in East Sussex , Mr Clegg said he had noticed voters in seats fought between the Tories and Lib Dems were expressing concern about spending on public services . The Tories have matched Lib Dem plans to offer £ 8billion a year in extra health spending to meet a request from the head of NHS England . By Jack Doyle , Political Correspondent for the Daily Mail . The Green Party would abolish new road building and increase public spending by a fifth to pay for a vast wish-list of commitments , its manifesto revealed yesterday . Leader Natalie Bennett pledged to raise tens of billions in new taxes , including a wealth tax , a 60p higher rate of income tax and imposing VAT and fuel duty on aviation . Launching the 84-page manifesto in trendy Dalston , East London , she said it amounted to a ` peaceful political revolution ' . Proposed policies include protections for the ` nomadic lifestyle ' , a promise to ` ensure respect for everyone ' , and adopting an approach of ` defensive defence ' while abolishing the Trident nuclear deterrent . The age of criminal responsibility would be raised from ten to 14 , cannabis and other drugs legalised , and there would be an amnesty for illegal immigrants here for three years or more . Leader Natalie Bennett pledged to raise tens of billions in new taxes , including a wealth tax , a 60p higher rate of income tax and imposing VAT and fuel duty on aviation . But questions were raised over whether the hikes in taxes on the richest would raise anything like the billions promised . Even manifesto author Brian Heatley admitted the plans were based on ` a lot of estimation and judgment ' . The proposals would see public spending go up by £ 177billion a year by the end of the Parliament . A new tax would charge anyone with £ 3million 2 per cent of their wealth , and top earners would pay 60p in the pound . Corporation tax would go up to 30 per cent from 20 per cent , the fuel duty escalator would be restored and capital gains tax allowances abolished . The party promises to scrap the £ 15billion major roads spending programme , bring in a ` Citizen 's Pension ' of £ 180 a week for single OAPs and £ 310 for a couple , and hugely increase spending on health , social care and social housing . Foreign aid spending would rise by another £ 6billion a year , child benefit would double , tuition fees would be abolished and pupils would get organic school dinners . Other policies include a promise to end the use of nuclear and coal power stations and ban fracking . Railways would be renationalised , there would be a ban on fur imports , and cages for rabbits and hens in farming would be outlawed .