Pupils applying to Cambridge University may have to take an entrance test next year for the first time in almost 30 years . Tutors are deciding whether to bring back the exams , which would be designed to select the exceptional applicants . The university said recent changes to the exams system made it more difficult to decide which students to admit . Pupils applying to Cambridge University may have to take an entrance test next year for the first time in almost 30 years . According to trade magazine Schools Week , documents presented to senior tutors say the university is ` being forced ' into changing its system of using AS-levels to assess applicants . The paper says that GCSEs ` will not give us a reliable measure ' due to their ongoing reform and that ` schools ' predictions of grades will be next to useless ' . At present , the university uses unified mark scheme -LRB- UMS -RRB- scores calculated from students ' performance in their AS-levels - which are known when they apply to university - to decide which applicants are invited to interview . But under coalition reforms planned to ` toughen up ' the qualifications , AS exams will be optional for cohorts starting this September and scores will no longer contribute to the overall A-level . The Labour party has pledged to halt the changes and retain AS-levels . University departments have now been asked for their views on a ` main proposal ' to reintroduce the tests from the 2016-17 admissions round . Under coalition reforms planned to ` toughen up ' the qualifications , AS exams will be optional for cohorts starting this September . Mike Sewell , director of admissions for the Cambridge colleges , said : ` In the light of the recent A-level reforms , the university is in the process of considering all options available so that we may continue meeting our goal of admitting the best and brightest students from all backgrounds . ' Oxford University already uses subject-specific aptitude tests . Most of its admission tests are organised by the Admissions Testing Service . The disclosure has been met with concern by school leaders , who said institutions with fewer resources may not be able to properly equip pupils for the tests . Eddie Playfair , principal of Newham Sixth Form College , London , said : ` There 's a danger students in smaller sixth forms do n't have the same resources and might lose out . ` It could be one more barrier in the way . '