One of five victims killed in a fiery crash in Fort Worth , Texas was returning from her own engagement party when an 18-wheeler ploughed into her and others who had stopped to help victims of an earlier incident . Four were killed instantly in the collision . Of the 13 people injured , one later died in hospital from their wounds , Tarrant County medical examiner has confirmed . Veronica ` Roni ' Gonzalez and her fiance Ely Alba Gonzalez were returning from their engagement party when they stopped on Interstate 30 to help a group in trouble , the Dallas News reported . Veronica ` Roni ' Gonzalez -LRB- left -RRB- and her fiance Ely Alba Gonzalez -LRB- right -RRB- were returning from their engagement party when they stopped on Interstate 30 to help a group in trouble . Four were killed instantly in the collision . Of the 13 people injured , one later died in hospital from their wounds . Veronica and Ely 's sister , who has not been identified , were both killed in the horrific accident which involved eight to ten vehicles . Two young children travelling with them survived the incident . Veronica Gonzalez was herself badly injured . She lost a leg and remained unconscious in critical condition yesterday . She had not been told the fate of her sister and girlfriend . Local police said the series of collisions took place just past the freeway 's westbound Oakland boulevard exit . The first crash - the incident the good Samaritans stopped at - occurred when a when a driver slammed onto a concrete barrier on the stretch of road 's central reservation , local police said . An 18-wheeler Ryder truck later careered into the earlier crash and those people unfortunate enough to have been caught up at the scene . It then burst into flames . Veronica -LRB- right -RRB- died at the scene of the crash . Ely -LRB- left -RRB- lost a leg in the incident and has not regained consciousness . The lorry was transporting the Sunday edition of local daily the Star Telegram , the newspaper 's website reported . Fort Worth firefighters found the truck on fire when they arrived . Fire Department lieutenant Kyle Falkner was quoted as saying such a fire could happen in high-speed crashes . What happened to the vehicle 's diver is unknown . The 18 Wheeler which caused so much devastation - the vehicle burst into flames because of the speed of the crash , fire fighters said . The crash occured on interstate 30 - in the first accident a motorist ploughed into the central reservation . Two of the dead were identified by the Tarrant County medical examiner 's office Sunday : Gonzalez and Mary Hernandez , 42 , both of Fort Worth . Friends of another couple of good Samaritans caught at the scene Steve and Tracy Franklin . It is understood that Steve was also killed in the crash with Tracy reportedly in critical condition . The family owned an air-conditioning business in Arlington . Veronica ` Roni ' Gonzalez had just celebrated her 43rd birthday . Her cousin Sarafina Gonzalz was quoted as saying she was a ` loving , caring ' person who loved to dance .