Unbeaten Championship leaders Leigh delivered a stunning knockout blow as Super League club Salford crashed out of the Ladbrokes Challenge Cup . The Centurions twice came from behind in thrilling fashion to beat the Red Devils 22-18 in front of a 6,358 crowd at Leigh Sports Village and stretch their winning run to 21 matches . The build-up to the fifth-round tie was dominated by the selection by Leigh of former England forward Gareth Hock despite an agreement not to play against his old club , but he played little part in their downfall . Unbeaten Championship leaders Leigh delivered a stunning knockout blow as Super League club Salford crashed out of the Ladbrokes Challenge Cup . Hock , one of five ex-Salford players in the home line-up , spent just 25 minutes on the field in two spells and looked well short of match fitness . Instead it was left to former Wigan hooker Bob Beswick to orchestrate a magnificent display by Paul Rowley 's men , who trailed 6-0 and 18-12 to their Super League visitors , who were badly hit by injuries and indebted to a superb performance from French half-back Theo Fages for keeping them in contention right to the end . The match was played amid a wonderful atmosphere and the ferocity was in evidence inside the first minute when Salford forward Cory Paterson was placed on report for a high and late tackle on Leigh full-back Gregg McNally . Fages opened the scoring after seven minutes when he dummied his way over for the first try and his half-back partner Michael Dobson kicked the conversion before hurting his knee in a collision four minutes later . Dobson attempted to play on but eventually succumbed to his injury and the Red Devils also lost centre Junior Sa'u with a wrist injury before half-time . With Paterson also limping , the visitors were rocked by the flair and determination of their Championship opponents , who scored two tries in four minutes to go 12-6 ahead . Beswick was the provider each time , a short pass getting veteran forward Tommy Goulden over from close range while McNally finished off his break from halfway , and Martyn Ridyard kicked both conversions . That was the signal for Hock to enter the fray but Salford turned the tables with two tries either side of the break from Niall Evalds to retake the lead . They drew level on 34 minutes when Fages broke clear to get the full-back over for his first try and got his over again three minutes into the second half courtesy of a neat reverse pass . Paterson kicked both goals to make it 18-12 and Leigh missed a glorious chance to level matters when centre Tom Armstrong got winger Liam Kay haring for the corner only for him to lose the ball in Fages ' last-ditch tackle . Just when Salford seemed to be in control , the game took a new twist as Leigh stormed back in front . They were thrown a lifeline on 63 minutes when Salford winger Ben Jones-Bishop 's careless pass was snapped up by Leigh half-back Ryan Brierley for a gift of a try . Ridyard 's third goal tied the scores and the Centurions regained the lead three minutes later McNally fashioned a try for winger Johnathan Pownall . There was no shortage of action right to the end but Leigh , who pushed Leeds all the way in last year 's quarter-final , hung on and just about deserved their famous victory .