Andy Murray arrived back in Britain on Monday restored as world No 3 in the new rankings -- but set aside thoughts of that to focus on his wedding in Dunblane this weekend . And despite his recent tournament finishes getting him back near the top of the game , the 27-year-old Scot confirmed it will be a down-to-earth guest list when he marries fiancée Kim Sears in his hometown on Saturday . There are believed to be well over 100 people attending , but star spotters will find celebrities in short supply as the couple focus on celebrating with family and genuine friends . Andy Murray celebrates winning a point in the second set against Novak Djokovic in the mens final . Novak Djokovic plays a backhand against Murray in the mens final during the Miami Open . Murray plays a forehand against Djokovic in the final during the Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center . ` There 'll be no celebrities as such , I do n't have any celebrity friends so it was n't something that was planned , ' said Murray , before he flew back after his Miami Open final defeat to runaway world No 1 Novak Djokovic on Sunday . The one possible exception is comedian James Corden , although he is busy working in America . There will be quite a few friends prominent in British tennis -- aside from anything Kim 's father Nigel has been one of the country 's leading coaches -- but with the Monte Carlo Open beginning next Monday the bigger international names were always going to be otherwise engaged . Murray and Djokovic pose for a photograph prior to the mens final during the Miami Open . Djokovic holds the winners trophy after defeating Murray in the final of the Miami Open . In fact the only non-British player likely to attend is Jean-Julien Rojer , a doubles specialist from the Dutch Antilles who has a base in Miami . ` Jules lives there and I spend quite a lot of time with him . Tim -LRB- Henman -RRB- will be coming . James Ward , Jamie Delgado -LRB- longstanding British player and coach -RRB- . ` We invited Kyle Edmund but he ca n't make it because he 's playing , ' said Murray , who confirmed the couple will not cash in on photography rights to any magazines . Other tennis guests include coach Amelie Mauresmo , former assistant coach Dani Vallverdu and two of his three best men , brother Jamie and former Davis Cup player Ross Hutchins . The third is Carlos Mier , a friend from his days at the Barcelona tennis academy he attended . Kim Sears fiancee of Murray watches him in action against Djokovic in the fierce Miami sun . ` Everyone who we 're close to , people we 've spent a lot of time with in the past and people that we see ourselves spending time with in the future . That 's how we came up with the list , ' said Murray . Rather than asking for wedding gifts , the couple have requested that guests make a donation to charities they support such as UNICEF and the World Wildlife Fund . ` I 'm going to go up to Scotland early and spend time with my family for a couple of days . I 'm not going to hit any balls this week . Pretty much everything is done now and under control . I 'm sure a few things will come up . World No 3 Murray is set to marry his fiancee Sears in Dunblane next Saturday . ` Kim has pretty much controlled most of the important things and I 've tried to help when she 's asked . I have n't been overly involved but there 's things I enjoy doing , I did all the food and cake tasting which I actually loved . ' There will not be any honeymoon until later in the year . In the middle of next week Murray will head to Barcelona to train with incoming assistant coach , former Swedish player Jonas Bjorkman , before resuming his tournament schedule the week after that in Munich . Another change in the new rankings on Monday was Spaniard Rafael Nadal moving down to No 5 .