A mother has revealed that despite winning her wrongful arrest case against the police after she was handcuffed in front of her Down syndrome daughter , she has n't had an apology . Valerie Cadman-Khan , 56 , from Middlesbrough , appeared on This Morning to talk about the incident in which a policeman took her in for questioning amid claims of child neglect . The council worker appeared visibly upset as she recalled the events of 2008 to presenter Ruth Langsford when her daughter Aimee , now 19 , was just 12 . Scroll down for video . Valerie Cadman-Khan , from Middlesborough , appeared on This Morning , with her daughter , Aimee , now 19 . The 56-year-old mother was interviewed by Ruth Langsford on This Morning about finally getting justice and winning the lawsuit against the police . Valerie recalled how she was cuffed in front of her scared and crying daughter . But she said the worst part of the arrest was the aftermath in which her abilities as a mother were called into question . She said : ` I felt like I had to reaffirm certain things to everybody . I kept saying to people , `` I 'm a good mum . I 'm a good mum '' . ' When questioned on whether she thought justice has been served in court last month , Valerie revisited her feelings towards Detective Sergeant Colin Helyer who arrested her . ` I think justice has now been done . When I watched him in the dock and I saw him giving the evidence and lying about me , I felt as though he knew that I knew he was a liar and that gave me relief , ' she said . ` I was in a position before where I could n't do anything and then the tables were turned , because he was in that position and he could n't get out of the witness box . ' Following the incident involving daughter Aimee -LRB- pictured right -RRB- , Valerie 's -LRB- pictured left -RRB- confidence as a mother was called into question . During the interview , Valerie -LRB- pictured right -RRB- is seen visibly upset when recalling the incident involving daughter Aimee , who was 12 at the time . When asked if she has received an apology yet , Valerie admitted that she had not . ` Not yet . They 're waiting for the outcome of the judge 's determination and then they will apologise at that point . ' Cleveland Police accused Valerie of negligent behaviour , claiming she left the child alone for 45 minutes in the garden . Middlesbrough County Court heard how officer Detective Sergeant Colin Helyer ` lied ' to the local authority child abuse investigation to justify arresting the mother of five . On the day in question in November 2008 , he had been called to her former partner 's home over an unpaid tax bill . Aimee had been left in the man 's care and was sitting outside when police arrived . Mrs Cadman Khan was at work . But the police officer began ` banging ' on the front door and later claimed the child had turned ` purple ' because she was not wearing a coat . Valerie Cadman-Khan has successfully sued Cleveland Police for wrongful arrest after being handcuffed in front of her daughter Aimee when she was 12 . The 56-year-old was led away from her former boyfriend 's house in front of her daughter amid false claims Aimee , who has Down 's syndrome , had been left alone for 45 minutes in the cold . Upon her arrival at the property Mrs Cadman-Khan , who left work early because she was not feeling well , was arrested and taken away by police . Aimee was forced to watch the incident , all the while screaming : ` I want my mummy , ' she claimed . Her mother launched a wrongful arrest suit and has won her case against the force . Her claim for £ 34,000 in compensation will be assessed at a later date . Speaking of her ordeal the teacher , who works for the council at East Coast Training , a pupil referral centre , said : ` It was never about the money - it was about clearing my name after the injustice to me and my little girl . Detective Sergeant Colin Helyer was accused of ` freestyle lying ' in his version of events . ` This should never have come to court , I only wanted an apology . ` All I could hear was my little girl shouting `` I want my mummy , I want my mummy '' . ` It was horrendous . ' After arresting Mrs Cadman-Khan on suspicion of child neglect , Det Sgt Helyer ` lied under oath ' to claim Aimee had been mistreated , the court heard . ` He falsely asserted that Aimee had been purple and suggested the client had been violent to him , ' Nick Stanage , barrister for Mrs Cadman-Khan said . ` Sadly this was a witness that even when caught in a lie by the court he was unwilling to be honest about it . ' ` For a woman of good character from that profession to be arrested and accused of allegations of child neglect and cruelty is of the utmost seriousness . ' He denied maliciously arresting the mother of five , insisting that all of his actions were in Aimee 's best interest . ` In the balance of probability it was more likely Sgt Helyer overreacted and was led by his concerns for Aimee , ' said Nathan Adams representing Cleveland Police . ` He accepted in evidence he lost his temper and was banging on the door . He was concerned for the mental and physical wellbeing of Aimee . ' Judge Gillian Matthews QC however told the court the sergeant had been ` freestyle lying ' in his accounts . ` One of your problems is the witness has lied . He was prepared to mislead the court in what I call freestyle lying , ' she said . The force will apologise pending her judgment on suitable reward , Mr Adams added . Mrs Cadman-Khan was left ` humiliated ' by the ordeal throughout which Aimee , now 19 , could be heard screaming : ` I want my mummy ' The mother of five has successfully sued Cleveland Police . The force said it will apologise when the judge has ruled on a reward .