A divorcee who claims her ex-husband cheated her out of a multi-million-pound fortune has won the right to reopen their divorce battle in the Supreme Court . Alison Sharland , 47 , agreed a £ 10.35 million settlement in a deal that saw her give up her claim to an equal share in her husband 's software company . But husband Charlie had lied about the value of his share in AppSense , and she now says she is entitled to more . Battle : Alison Sharland -LRB- left -RRB- accepted £ 10.35 m from her ex-husband Charles -LRB- right -RRB- in the belief it was half his fortune . But his firm AppSense was later valued wildly higher , and his stake was said to be worth £ 132m . The Court of Appeal found that Mr Sharland , 54 , had deliberately hidden information and lied to the court but refused to overturn the divorce settlement . Mrs Sharland will now take her fight to the Supreme Court . The Sharlands , from Wilmslow in Cheshire , married in 1993 and Mr Sharland founded the software company AppSense in 1999 . The couple , who have three children , separated in 2010 and agreed to split their assets . But they could not agree over the value of Mr Sharland 's share of AppSense , which has grown to become one of the biggest firms of its kind in the world with offices in Silicon Valley , New York , Australia and across Europe . She eventually agreed to accept £ 10.35 million in cash and property and 30 per cent of the proceeds from her husband 's shares when they were put on the market . The deal was agreed on the basis that they were worth no more than £ 32million . But within days of the agreement an initial public offering on the stock market -- which never took place -- valued the company at more than £ 460million , meaning his shares were worth around £ 132million after tax . Mr Sharland did not dispute that he misled his ex-wife and an Appeal Court judge said his conduct was ` deliberate and dishonest ' but the court ruled that Mrs Sharland was bound by the agreement she had signed and refused her appeal . The case will now be heard at the Supreme Court in June . Popular : AppSense provides remote access software to 4,000 companies and was said to be worth £ 460m . Landmark : Ms Sharland 's case will be heard at the Supreme Court , opposite the Houses of Parliament .