When leaving a place of work , most people will usually avoid burning bridges . Engineering an amicable exit is common protocol , even when the employee ca n't wait to get the hell out of there . But one disgruntled staff member at an anonymous firm decided to skip the pleasantries and pen an incredibly sarcastic resignation letter announcing their impending departure to bosses . A Reddit user wrote an incredibly sarcastic resignation letter to their boss . A Reddit user decided that it was a good idea to write a biting leaving note to their boss.It 's not known exactly where the letter is from , but the writer is believed to be America since the American spelling of ` apologize ' is used and the date is 4/24/15 which is the U.S. way of writing it . In the note , the Reddit user passive-aggressively vents their frustration and discontent with the company policies as well as the lack of emopion shown during recent events . Throughout the letter , the Reddit user repeatedly apologises for a number of unfortunate incidents - all of which seem to be out of their control . They apologise for the death of a step-mother , sickness and subsequent doctor 's appointments . The letter reads : ` I am sorry that my step-mother died so suddenly from cancer . I am sorry that I am not a robot and was emotionally affected by her passing and had to miss work . ` I am sorry that I got sick and had to miss work so that I did n't get anyone else sick . ` I am sorry I work 47.5 hours per week -LRB- without getting paid the overtime that I am legally owed -RRB- for the last 7 months , and thus have little choice but to schedule necessary doctor 's appointments during school hours . ' ` Clearly I am a terrible employee , and for that I apologize . I know you hate people telling you how to do your job , but I suggest you start looking for my replacement . Immediately . ' Although posted with the caption ` two weeks notice ' , the defiant ending of the letter hints at a rather more immediate departure .