The son of the Canadian Consul General in Miami is behind bars after a gunfight erupted on Monday , and her other son is dead . Marc Wabafiyebazu , 15 , has been arrested for felony murder and his brother Jean , 17 , was shot dead after an incident in which the two reportedly tried to rob a group of Miami drug dealers . Their mother is Roxanne Dubé , who was only recently appointed to the role of consul general in Miami . Scroll down for video . Jean Wabafiyebazu -LRB- left -RRB- was killed and his brother Marc -LRB- right -RRB- has been arrested after a gunfight erupted during a drug deal on Monday . Their mother is Roxanne Dubé -LRB- above -RRB- , the recently appointed Canadian Consul General in Miami . According to the Miami Herald , police believe the two young men were armed with guns as they tried to rob a group of men during a drug deal at a home in the Coral Way area . The boys had reportedly agreed to purchase two pounds of marijuana at a cost of $ 5,000 , and driven to the house under the guise of making said purchase in their mother 's BMW with diplomatic plates . Police claim that their plan was to then rob the drug dealers . Gunfire broke out soon after they entered , and Jean and Joshua Wright were killed , while Anthony Rodriguez was wounded . Marc was in the car when this incident occurred . Both Marc and Rodriguez were arrested under a Florida law that says anyone who participates in a violent felony that results in death can be charged with murder . Rodriguez has also been charged with possession of marijuana with intent to sell . A second man was reportedly with Jean when he went to rob the drug dealers , though his identity is not known at this time . Anthony Rodriguez -LRB- above -RRB- was arrested on charges of felony murder and drug possession . The boys had driven to a house -LRB- above -RRB- with a third friend to reportedly purchase two pounds of marijuana for $ 5,000 . Gunfire erupted soon after they entered , though Marc was in the car at the time . Dubé was appointed to her new position in November , but only arrived in Miami in February . The boys ' father , Germano Wabafiyebazu , told Global News that he does not think Marc had anything to do with this tragedy , and that he was just in the wrong place at the wrong time . He also said the boys kept to themselves , and did not have much of a social life . ` My wife told me they did n't go out , ' he said . ` They went to school , went home , went to school . ' Police are still trying to figure out how and where the young men got their weapons .