Kevin Pietersen has thrown his support behind former team-mate Michael Vaughan as the right man to ` change the brand of cricket currently being played ' in England . Ten years on from his career-defining captaincy in the 2005 Ashes , Vaughan is the hot favourite to be appointed as director of England cricket , a streamlined version of the managing director 's job which was abolished with Paul Downton 's sacking on Wednesday . The 40-year-old has previously kept his distance from a formal role with the ECB , preferring to focus on his burgeoning media profile and business interests , but has declared himself open to discussions about the new post . Former England batsman Kevin Pietersen believes Michael Vaughan is the right man to lead England Cricket . Pietersen received the lion 's share of attention during a photocall for his new club Surrey . The controversial star and Vaughan were England team-mates before Pietersen was axed by the ECB . Vaughan would be a pioneering presence , having spoken with passion and candour about the need to accept England 's failings and press for change at all costs . That may yet prove good news for the exiled Pietersen . The controversial batsman has largely kept his counsel on the demise of Downton , whose first act in the job was to sack Pietersen last February . But he did tell BreatheSport that his 2005 Ashes captain Vaughan had the credentials to replace him . ` He -LRB- Vaughan -RRB- is close enough to the game to make changes which need to happen for the good of English cricket , ' Pietersen said . ` The way he captained shows he 'll change the brand of cricket currently being played , which we need . ' Vaughan has previously concentrated on his media duties but is believed to be open to the role . The former England captain speaks with Stuart Broad during last summer 's Test series with India . Vaughan holds the urn after England famously reclaimed the Ashes against Australia in 2005 . Pietersen may not have played international cricket for well over a year but his shadow looms large over the current turmoil surrounding England . Downton 's troubled reign was defined by the decision to martyr Pietersen after the 2013/14 Ashes . The ECB board met at Lord 's on Thursday , but there was no official word on the recruitment process . Instead a short statement merely confirmed that Giles Clarke 's move from chairman to president had been rubber-stamped , with Middlesex deputy chairman Ian Lovett nominated as vice-chairman . Clarke will become the first ECB president on May 14 , a role that carries responsibility for ICC business , while his old post will go to Colin Graves . Graves was the man who gave new legs to Pietersen 's mooted comeback when he appeared to suggest a blank slate policy would take root when he arrived at Lord 's . Graves hinted that a prolific run in county cricket could see him reinstated , which led to the 34-year-old extricating himself from his Indian Premier League contract and re-signing with Surrey . Downton 's exit removed one significant obstacle and should Vaughan be handed the new position , that would strengthen his hand yet further . Former director of England Cricket , Paul Downton , was sacked after the nation 's dismal World Cup . Another former England captain Alex Stewart has also put his hat into the ring for the vacancy . Surrey chief Alec Stewart , another former England captain who has indicated he would be open to talks with the ECB , is a confirmed Pietersen supporter - but another possible applicant , Andrew Strauss , is unlikely to be as effusive . Strauss ' relations with Pietersen deteriorated badly in his final days as England captain , and an X-rated slip of the tongue during a commentary stint last summer suggested those wounds have not healed . There was no news from the board meeting on the future of national selector James Whitaker , who appeared vulnerable after Downton 's dismissal . He looks set to continue in the role for the time being and is due to join the senior side in the West Indies for the second Test in Grenada and third in Barbados .