Richie Benaud , the legendary commentator described as the ` Godfather of cricket ' , has died at the age of 84 . The iconic broadcaster passed away peacefully in his sleep overnight surrounded by his wife Daphne and family . He had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since November when he was admitted to a Sydney hospice on Thursday . News of his death threw the cricket world and beyond into mourning as tributes flowed in to a man remembered for his wry sense of humour , expertise and for simply being a ` true gentleman ' . In recognition of his towering stature , Prime Minister Tony Abbott has offered his family a state funeral . Scroll down for videos . ` Godfather of cricket ' : Legendary commentator and former Australia captain Richie Benaud has died aged 84 . Cricket commentator Richie Benaud has died aged 84 in a Sydney hospice after battling skin cancer . Respected : Benaud died peacefully in his sleep surrounded by his wife Daphne -LRB- above -RRB- and family members . A veteran of 63 Test matches , Benaud played a key role in the formation of World Series Cricket in the 1970s . A veteran of 63 Test matches , Benaud played a pivotal role in the formation of World Series Cricket in the 1970s and was one of the world 's most recognised commentators . In a broadcast career spanning more than five decades , he was instrumental in establishing one-day cricket on television . Such was influence , his dry one-liners and impeccable delivery - including one simple word ` marvellous ' - were adopted as part of the Australian lexicon . Former Australian spin bowler Shane Warne penned a heartfelt tribute on social media calling him the ` Godfather of cricket ' . ` As a cricketer , commentator and as a person , you were the best there 's ever been , ' he wrote in a note to Benaud . ` For me it was an honour and a privilege to call you a close friend and mentor . ` We had so many wonderful times together , talking cricket and in particular , our love and passion of leg spin bowling . Former captain Richie Benaud stands by a sculpture of himself at the Sydney Cricket Ground in 2008 . Floral tributes have started to gather at the bronze statue of Richie Benaud at the Sydney Cricket Ground . The flags at the Sydney Cricket Ground were flying at half mast on Friday following Benaud 's death . As a player , Benaud was a trailblazing all-rounder who took 248 wickets and scored 2,201 runs in 63 Tests while never losing a series in charge of his country . He enjoyed a remarkable Test career as a wily leg-spin bowler and middle-order batsman which ended with his retirement in 1964 . Benaud scored three Test centuries and once hit 11 sixes in a first class innings . After retiring , Benaud became a commentary icon initially with the BBC in England and later in his native Australia . In a broadcast career spanning more than five decades , he was instrumental in establishing one-day cricket on television . Such was influence , his dry one-liners and impeccable delivery - including one simple word ` marvellous ' - were adopted as part of the Australian lexicon . He was the mainstay in Australian cricket television commentary until the past two summers - a car accident in 2013 sidelined him before he announced in November last year he had skin cancer . At the time of his death , Benaud had witnessed - as both player and commentator - well over 500 Test matches . Benaud was born in Penrith in western Sydney in October 1930 . Warne also thanked Benaud for the support he gave to him as a young cricketer . ` Richie , you were loved by everyone , not just the cricket family , you were the godfather of cricket and you will be missed by all . ' Australian Test captain Michael Clarke said Benaud was a gentleman who played cricket in the right spirit . ` He was a great player and a great captain ; a wonderful leader of men and he continued that off the field , ' Clarke told the Nine Network . ` Our country has lost a national treasure , ' Cricket Australia chairman Wally Edwards said in a statement on Friday . ` After Don Bradman , there has been no Australian player more famous or more influential than Richie Benaud . ' ` He loved winning . He helped the Australian team have the attitude where they wanted to win . He played the game the right way . ` There 's no doubt he 's certainly going to be missed . ' Prime Minister David Cameron said : ` I grew up listening to Richie Benaud 's wonderful cricket commentary . Like all fans of the sport , I will miss him very much . ' Former Australian fast bowler Brett Lee said : ` When Richie walks into the Channel Nine box everyone stands up . ` When Richie was on , you 'd see all the commentators listening in to see what Richie had to say . ` A lot of children growing up know him as a commentator but he 's a great cricketer in his own right . ' Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has offered Richie Benaud 's family a state funeral following his death . Benaud was one of the world 's most recognised commentators having initially started with the BBC in England before anchoring the Nine Network 's cricket coverage in Australia for decades . A veteran of 63 Test matches , Benaud played a pivotal role in the formation of World Series Cricket in the 1970s and was one of the world 's most recognised commentators . Benaud was the face and voice of cricket , much admired , much imitated , and in his later years a cult figure . Former Prime Minister John Howard greeted Richie Benaud at the Sydney Cricket Ground back in 2001 . Benaud and ex-Hampshire cricket captain and TV presenter Richie Benaud pictured here at Sophia Gardens in Cardiff during the first England v Australia Test match in 2009 . ` There would hardly be an Australian over the last 40 years who has n't listened to Richie Benaud , ' he told ABC radio on Friday . ` He certainly will be very , very much missed . ' Benaud had anchored the Nine Network 's cricket coverage in Australia for decades . ` Richie Benaud 's passing has robbed us not only of a national treasure but a lovely man , ' Nine Network CEO David Gyngell said in a statement . ` Richie earned the profound and lasting respect of everyone across the world of cricket and beyond . First as an outstanding player and captain , then as an incomparable commentator and through it all , as a wonderful human being . ' The cricket commentator had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since November when he was admitted to a Sydney hospice on Thursday . Richie Benaud married his wife Daphne in July 1967 . At the time of his death in Sydney overnight Benaud had witnessed - as both player and commentator - well over 500 Test matches . Benaud was born in Penrith in western Sydney in October 1930 . He enjoyed a remarkable Test career as a wily leg-spin bowler and middle-order batsman which ended with his retirement in 1964 . Benaud was the first player to score 2,000 Test runs and take 200 Test wickets yet was as much renowned for his captaincy - he never lost a Test series as Australian captain . After retiring , Benaud became a commentary icon initially with the BBC in England and later in his native Australia . He was the mainstay in Australian cricket television commentary until the past two summers - a car accident in 2013 sidelined him before he announced in November last year he had skin cancer . As a player , Benaud appeared in 63 Test matches between 1951 and 1963 , becoming the first man from any nation to score 2000 Test runs and take 200 Test wickets . He enjoyed a remarkable Test career as a wily leg-spin bowler and middle-order batsman which ended with his retirement in 1964 . Penrith-born Benaud enjoyed a remarkable Test career as a wily leg-spin bowler and middle-order batsman which ended with his retirement in 1964 . ` When I was a kid we never ever wore a cap ... because Keith Miller never wore a cap , ' Benaud said at the time . ` If I knew , when I was at school and playing in my early cricket days , the problems that would have come if I did n't do something about protection of the head and using sunscreens and all sorts of things like that , I 'd have played it differently . ` It 's one of those things in life : you live and learn as you go along . ' Benaud did , however , manage to voice a touching tribute to Phillip Hughes , who died when struck by a bouncer last November , which was screened before Australia 's Test series against India last December . Hundreds of admirers dressed up as the legendary commentator during the Sydney Ashes Test of 2014 when Benaud lay in hospital with complications from a serious car accident some months earlier . Benaud was the mainstay in Australian cricket television commentary with crowd members even dressing up as him as he became something of a cult figure in his later years . As a player , Benaud appeared in 63 Test matches between 1951 and 1963 , becoming the first man from any nation to score 2000 Test runs and take 200 Test wickets . His Australian record Test tally of 248 wickets has since been overtaken by many , most notably fellow legspinner Shane Warne , whose career tally of 708 was unimaginable in Benaud 's day . Benaud scored three Test centuries and once hit 11 sixes in a first class innings . Shane Warne penned a heartfelt tribute to Richie Benaud on social media on Friday . As captain he led Australia to four consecutive series victories , beginning with a 4-0 demolition of Peter May 's 1958-59 tourists -LRB- Benaud took 31 wickets in the five tests -RRB- . He never lost a series as captain . The Nine Network will air a special on the life of cricketing great Richie Benaud on Saturday night at 7 pm . Nine will screen Richie Benaud : A Marvellous Life 1930-2015 about the public , private and cricketing achievements of the former Australian cricket captain and legendary commentator .