With 17 feature films , two fashion campaigns and a role as a UN Ambassador under her belt , it 's hard to believe that Emma Watson is just 25 . The Harry Potter star reached a quarter of a century yesterday , celebrating what must arguably be one of the recognisable A-lister names on the planet . Now renowned for her effortless style and influential role in women 's right movements , Emma has come a long way from her frizzy-haired days as Harry Potter 's loyal companion . Scroll down for video . Emma Watson turns 25 and has already carved a career that many of us can only dream of . But how has the actress made the transition from Hermione Granger to a feminist heroine ? Here , FEMAIL charts her 14 years in the spotlight that have made her a global icon . 2001 . Emma was placed firmly in the global spotlight after taking on one of the world 's most famous roles . Aged just 11 , she joined the cast of Harry Potter And The Philosopher 's Stone as the geeky but loyal Hermione Granger . Alongside Daniel Radcliffe and Rupert Grint , she was catapulted to fame after the adaption of the JK Rowling book grossed at $ 317m -LRB- £ 214m -RRB- worldwide . Emma 's career began when she landed the roll of Hermione Granger alongside Daniel Radcliffe -LRB- centre -RRB- and Rupert Grint -LRB- right -RRB- who play Daniel Radcliffe and Ron Weasley in the Harry Potter saga . Emma was just 11 when she filmed Harry Potter and the Philosopher 's Stone . She is pictured here bright-eyed at her first ever premier for the first film . 2002 . A year later saw the release of the second film in the series - Harry Potter And The Chamber Of Secrets which saw Harry Potter and Ron Weasley go it alone after Emma 's character Hermione is petrified by a giant snake known as the Basilisk . Critics criticised the director Chris Columbus for under-employing Emma 's talents in the film . After her appearance in the second Harry Potter flick critics criticised the director for underplaying Emma . 2004 . In the third installment of the Harry Potter series , Hermione took a more prominent role , aiding Harry in restoring peace in Hogwarts , travelling back in time . The actress earned kudos for her powerful female role after she famously punched the gang 's arch Nemesis Draco Malfoy , which the actor Tom Felton described as ` hardcore ' . The film also sees her famous frizz take some taming , as her hair appears softer and more tamed . 2005 . As Harry Potter And The Goblet Of Fire was released , Emma was recognised as an individual . She received a Bronze Otto Award for her performance and , after her Yule Ball costume sent many teenage boys ' hearts a flutter , she landed a cover on Teen Vogue magazine . Hermione takes a much bigger role in Harry Potter And The Prisoner Of Azkaban . Emma won over the hearts of many teenage boys when she was transformed from a girl to a woman at the Yule Ball in Harry Potter And Yhe Goblet Of Fire . Emma may be an on-screen siren however she was still finding her fashion feet in 2005 . 2007 . In the fifth film - Harry Potter And The Order Of The Phoenix - we also begin to get a sense of her worth , with her earnings so far estimated to be £ 10m . This year also sees Emma branch out from her role as Hermione , taking the lead in the BBC production of Ballet Shoes based on the novel by Noel Streatfeild , which was aired over Christmas . It was also this year Emma considered leaving the Harry Potter franchise . When she was asked to renew her contract that she had been presented with at the tender age of nine , she wanted to give it serious thought after she said her life had become out of her control . ` I get told what time I can eat , when I have time to go to the bathroom . Every single second of my day is not in my power , ' she said at the time . Eventually at the age of 16 , she signed up for another five years with Warner Brothers . Emma 's hair took a bleach blonde tone in 2007 following her appearance in the fifth Potter film . The BBC adaptation of Ballet Shoes was the first non-Potter role for Emma Watson aged 16 . 2008 . It was a role in which we heard Emma , but did n't see her as the actress voiced the role of Princess Pea in the animated film The Tale Of Desperaux . It was her first - and only - animated film to date . 2009 . In March 2009 , Emma was named in sixth place on the Forbes list of the Most Valuable Young Stars . She was also named Hollywood 's highest paid female star having earned an estimated £ 19m aged just 19 . In 2009 both Emma and her brother Alex -LRB- left -RRB- took centre stage in the Burberry campaign . It was to be the first of several modelling jobs for the actress . Emma took on her first modelling job in 2009 , appearing in the AW09 campaign images for Burberry alongside her brother Alex. She also appeared in the brand imagery a year later for the AW10 campaign . As if she did n't have enough on her plate , Emma also embarked on her degree at Brown 's University in USA , but shortly after dropped out in order to continue filming Harry Potter And The Half Blood Prince which was released that year . 2010 . In the penultimate Potter flick , Harry Potter And The Deathly Hallows Part 1 , we see the trio step away from Hogwarts for the first time . The film was split into two parts for financial reasons . Emma became a regular at fashion week taking to the front row and brushing shoulders with stars . Pictured : Emma at the Burberry SS10 show with Gwyneth Paltrow and Mario Testino . Emma made headlines when she debuted a cropped haircut at the premier of Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 1 , a far cry from Hermione 's bushy waves . After getting a taste for fashion as a Burberry model , Emma was seen on the catwalks of several Fashion Week shows . She took front row at the Burberry catwalk in London where she was sat with Gwyneth Platrow and Vogue photographer Mario Testino . At the World Premier of Harry Potter , the actress showcased her desire to disassociate herself with Hermione when she debuted her cropped haircut . 2011 . This year saw the end of Hermione Granger for Emma after the release of the final film Harry Potter And The Deathly Hallows Part 2 . Despite her previous gripes with the movies , Emma was moved to tears at the world premiere of the last instalment , which marked the end of 10 years of filming . 2011 saw the final instalment of Harry Potter and Emma was moved to tears at the world premiere . Emma grew as one to watch in the fashion industry when she was awarded Style Icon at the Elle Style Awards . After having waved goodbye to the Potter franchise , Emma picked up a new role as Lucy , a wardrobe assistant in My Week With Marilyn . Emma 's style efforts were further acknowledged when the actress took home the Style Icon award at the ELLE Style Awards . Emma also returned to her studies at Oxford University before having to put her studies on hold in order to film . Her first post Potter role came when she acted alongside Eddie Redmayne in My Week With Marilyn . In 2012 Emma abandoned her English Rose status as she adopted an American accent to play Sam , a glamorous high school student in The Perks Of Being AWallflower . 2012 . Emma took a complete turnaround from her famous English schoolgirl role as she adopted an American accent in The Perks Of Being A Wallflower , in which she played Sam in the adaption of Stephen Chbosky 's novel . 2013 . Emma took on her most unrecognisable role yet , playing the pot-smoking underage drinking Nikki in The Bling Ring , based on the true events of teenagers in LA who burgled from the homes of Hollywood A-listers . In a bizarre turn of events , Emma appeared in a cameo role as a more exaggerated version of herself along side Seth Rogan and James Franco , in the post apocalyptic film where she famously used a four letter swearword . Emma 's role in The Bling Ring saw her go from British school girl to LA socialite in 2013 . 2014 . Emma proved she had brains as well as beauty when she graduated from Brown University with a degree in English Literature , after commencing her degree five years earlier . Additionally , Emma took on the role of Ila in Noah where she played the girlfriend of Noah 's son , starring alongside Russell Crowe and Douglas Booth . But by far the most applauded achievement that Emma gained in 2014 was for her role as a UN Goodwill Ambassador for Women . In early 2014 Emma graduated from Brown 's University with a degree in English Literature . The speech that she gave in New York made waves around the world and paved the way for her to continue her work as ambassador . The Paris-born actress launched her HeForShe follows feminism 's principles of striving for equal rights and opportunities for men and women , including the political , economic and social equality of the sexes . But it aims to repackage the concept without emphasis on oppression by the male sex . In fact Emma formally invited men - who may have previously felt alienated from the movement - to play a greater role in ending gender inequality . Emma was applauded by feminists as she launched the HeForShe campaign as part of her work as the UN Goodwill Ambassador for women . She addressed the United Nations in New York and called for the support of men in women 's rights rather than the oppression of the male sex . The campaign attracted a celebrity following with Simon Pegg and Joseph Gordon Levitt and seeing the star recognised for something other than her role as the bushy haired Hermione . 2015 . Emma has a busy year ahead . September will see the release of her latest flick Colonia in which she plays a woman in search of her boyfriend who was abducted in Seventies Chile . She will also begin filming perhaps her most magical role yet as Belle in the live-action remake of Disney 's Beauty And The Beast .