Tiger Woods has revealed his wrist bone popped out after he swung and hit a tree root during the final round of the Masters on Sunday . The 39-year-old was on the ninth hole when he found himself 470 yards away from the pin with the ball nestled in pine straws . However when he followed through , the four-time champion at Augusta slammed the club into a root , causing him to wince and grab his hand in agony . It forced the joint out of place , but Woods shunned medical attention and simply pushed it back in himself . Tiger Woods looks in agony after his club came into contact with a tree root on the ninth hole at Augusta . He later revealed his wrist bone had ` popped out ' of place . The 39-year-old is clearly in agony as he is forced to drop his club on the follow through . He then grabs his wrist and winces . After finishing his round he revealed that his wrist bone had popped out - so he was forced to put it back in . His reaction prompted concerns he may have suffered another injury setback . However he managed to shake off the scare and finish his round . Woods , playing in his 20th Masters tournament , ended up at 5-under-par on 283 , tied for 17th . ` It hurts ; it definitely hurts , ' Woods said . ` I did n't know there was a tree root there . I drilled the club straight into it . It did n't move , but my body kept moving . ` There 's a little joint that popped out , and I was able to somehow put it back in , which did n't feel very good . ` At least I got it back in ; I could move my hand again . It 's sore . I 'm not going to be lifting any weights for a while . ' He also admitted that he may not return to the course for a while . Despite finishing 13 strokes behind 21-year-old winner Jordan Spieth , this was Woods ' best finish in a tournament in over a year . Spieth became the youngest winner since Woods when he was given the coveted green jacket on Sunday . After his final putt he went an embraced his tearful childhood sweetheart Annie Verret . The Texan native , whose life-long dream has been to win the Masters , was undoubtedly being watched on television at home by his youngest sibling , Ellie , who was born with a neurological disorder that places her on the autism spectrum . Ellie has helped to keep Spieth grounded , according to their mother . Speaking after his win , Spieth said : ` It was very nerve-wracking today . I did n't sleep all last night . Just got out here and got in a little rhythm . With two major champions right behind , I could n't let up . It was the most incredible week of my life . This is as great as it gets in our sport . It was remarkable . He added : ` I saw my family and friends right behind the green there , and knew it was going to be a done deal . I 'm still kind of in shock a little bit . ' Spieth 's victory comes a year after he lost a bid to become the youngest player to win the Masters . This year , he did not let anyone get closer to him than three shots following his record start . He closed with a 2-under 70 , missing a 5-foot par putt on the final hole that would have set another record . The four-time Masters champion managed to shake off the injury to finish the competition at 5-under-par . 21-year-old Jordan Spieth -LRB- centre -RRB- celebrates his first Masters victory with his girlfriend Annie Verret on Sunday . Spieth led from start to finish at Augusta , the first time that feat has been achieved in 39 years . Masters defending champion Bubba Watson -LRB- left -RRB- places the Green Jacket on 2015 winner Spieth -LRB- right -RRB- .