A fugitive who taunted authorities by taking selfies outside police stations while he was on the run has finally been jailed . Aaron Bee was wanted by Lincolnshire Police over an alleged domestic violence and assault . After fleeing his home , the 22-year-old goaded officers by sharing photographs online which showed him standing outside the force 's headquarters . He was eventually arrested in November in a cafe after posing outside five different police stations over two weeks and was this week jailed for eight months . Aaron Bee went on the run for two weeks last year , taunting the police officers who were chasing him with selfies taken outside their headquarters . He has now been jailed for eight months . But after spending less than five months behind bars since his arrest , the 22-year-old has already been released . Last year Bee taunted officers by captioning photographs ` come catch me if you can ' and bragging that he was ` always playing hide and seek ' . He visited five different police stations without being apprehended and even flashing his genitals outside one . The father of one had been wanted by police for breaking a non-molestation order against his former girlfriend after showing up at her house in the middle of the night . Lincoln Crown Court heard how he had been ` threatening and abusive ' towards the woman when he ` kicked her door down ' last October . The father of one pictured outside Lincolnshire Police headquarters in November . He was eventually arrested in a cafe . Before his arrest Bee said he was taunting police ` as a bit of fun ' . He was jailed yesterday for eight months but has been released after spending less than five months behind bars since being arrested . When police could n't find him after the assault they released his mugshot to appeal for his whereabouts . In response , Bee took to Facebook to mock their efforts . Among pictures he shared online was one of a police officer standing in the street which he captioned ` is it me you 're looking for ' . He also posed outside Lincolnshire Police HQ , looking towards the camera and giving a thumbs up . In other posts he said the justice system ` is really f **** d up ' and bragged about buying a doughnut in Tesco without being caught . At the time , he said he was taunting police ` because it 's funny . ' He told reporters : ` It 's really funny , I wanted to do it to show how ridiculous this all is and how they obviously are n't that bothered about me , ' without disclosing his whereabouts . The 22-year-old made several jibes on Facebook , joking that he needed new hiding places after being hunted for breaking a non-molestation order against his former girlfriend . While on the run Bee mocked police officers by uploading a photograph of one with the caption ` hello is it me your -LRB- sic -RRB- looking for ' . He was arrested in mid November and remanded into custody . Before his arrest Bee bemoaned being hunted by police for ` a poxy assaut ' . Lincoln Crown Court heard how he grabbed his former girlfriend by the throat when he broke a non-molestation order to turn up at her house . He was eventually arrested in a cafe in Lincoln before being brought before court . Sentencing , Judge Michael Heath said : ` The non-molestation order was made in April 2013 by a County Court judge . ` He did not make it for fun . He made it to afford protection to the person who applied for it who was your erstwhile partner . ` When a judge makes a non-molestation order he expects that it will be obeyed . ` If it is n't you go inside . If you breach the non-molestation order again the sentences will get longer and longer . ' Bee was jailed for eight months but is likely to be released imminently after being kept behind bars since November .