As our cities get busier parking spaces become harder to come by and it can be difficult to squeeze into a tight spot in rush hour . But German engineers have come up with an innovative solution - a small electric car that can turn on the spot , shrink in size and even move sideways , like a crab , so it can park itself . The EOssc2 is described as an ` ultra flexible micro-car for mega cities ' and is designed to connect to others to form a train . Scroll down for videos . Engineers at the DFKI Robotics Centre describe the EOssc2 -LRB- animated -RRB- as an ` ultra flexible micro-car for mega cities ' and plan on enabling it to drive itself . The concept car can turn on the spot , shrink in size and even move sideways , like a crab , so it can park itself . Crabs have a wide flat body to make it easier squeeze into narrow spaces and the EOssc2 works in a similar way . The arthropods flex the second joint of each leg to move sideways , although some crabs can walk forwards as well . In the case of the EOssc2 , the car turns its wheels to manoeuvre and mimic this movement . Its unusual design also features a forward tilt and doors that open like the DeLorean in Back to the Future . Its unusual design also features a forward tilt and doors that open like the DeLorean in Back to the Future -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Currently , the two-seater vehicle can be driven in the traditional way , diagonally and sideways . It pivots using wheels powered by separate motors and shrinks from 8ft -LRB- 2.5 metres -RRB- to 5ft ft -LRB- 1.5 metres -RRB- . Crabs -LRB- stock image -RRB- have a wide flat body to make it easier squeeze into narrow spaces and the EOssc2 works in a similar way . The arthropods flex the second joint of each leg to move sideways , although some crabs can walk forwards as well . In the case of the car , the wheels pivot sideways . Created at the DFKI Robotics Centre in Bremen , Germany , the concept vehicle is intended to be semi-autonomous . The car 's computer and its auto-navigation system enables it to park itself , ` even within narrow and congested roads , ' the firm said . Size : 8 feet -LRB- 2.5 metres -RRB- to 5 feet -LRB- 1.5 metres -RRB- . Weight : 1,653 lbs -LRB- 750 kg -RRB- . Power : 54V - LiFePo4 battery . Speed : 40mph -LRB- 65 km/h -RRB- . Motors : Four 4kW wheelhub motors . Sensors : 360 LIDAR sensor on the roof . Testing : Bremen , Germany and Dalian , China . ` Later , an autopilot will be able to drive the car without a single passenger intervention creating the driverless car , ' it added . Currently , the two-seater vehicle can be driven in the traditional way , diagonally and sideways . It can also pivot on the spot and shrink from 8 feet -LRB- 2.5 metres -RRB- to 5 feet -LRB- 1.5 metres -RRB- while maintaining a comfortable seating position , according to the firm . It does this because its wheels are individually powered by separate motors so they can turn in different directions . The car has a top speed of 40mph -LRB- 65 km/h -RRB- and its semi-autonomous features are possible because of inbuilt cameras and a LIDAR sensor on its roof , which lets the vehicle scan its environment and locate itself in it , 10 times a second . It is designed to link with others to from a kind a connected convoy that can save energy over long distances - such as on motorways or as a car-sharing scheme . A team of 10 engineers built the car from scratch over a three year period . The EOssc2 is currently being tested in the cities of Bremen and Dalian , China . The car has a top speed of 40mph -LRB- 65 km/h -RRB- and its semi-autonomous features are possible because of inbuilt cameras and a LIDAR sensor on its roof , which lets the vehicle scan its environment and locate itself in it , 10 times a second . The EOssc2 is currently being tested in the cities of Bremen and Dalian , China .