A 21-year-old woman , who attended a prestigious military academy high school , has been charged with the murder of a married lawyer found stabbed to death in an upscale DC hotel . Jamyra Gallmon , of Washington D.C. , was arrested on Wednesday , according to police . She has been charged with first-degree felony murder while armed over the killing of 30-year-old David Messerschmitt . Police had released surveillance video of a ` person of interest ' who was seen entering the Donovan Hotel shortly after Messerschmitt texted his wife Kim Vuong at 7.45 pm to tell her he would be home in an hour on February 9 . Messerschmitt never returned and the next day he was found dead after being stabbed in the back at his hotel room with ` various credit cards strewn about ' . Scroll down for video . A woman has been arrested in connection to the murder of 30-year-old Washington , DC lawyer David Messerschmitt . Above , the ` person of interest ' who was caught on surveillance video entering the hotel where Messerschmitt was killed on February 9 . Jamyra Gallmon attended Forestville Military Academy in Maryland and was an exemplary student , a cteacher said on Thursday . David Messerschmitt -LRB- pictured with his wife Kim -RRB- was found dead in his DC hotel room in February . Police have not revealed exactly what he was doing at the hotel . A computer , lubricant , condoms , cell phone and enema kit were recovered from the scene . Police sources told NBC Washington that the woman in the video is Gallmon and that she went to the hotel that evening for a ` sexual encounter ' . Among the items recovered from the room were a computer , lubricant , condoms , cell phone and enema kit , Fox DC reported . Fingerprints were also found in the room . Law enforcement sources told the Washington Post that it was believed Messerschmitt 's death was motivated by a robbery . Gallmon 's mother spoke to NBC and said that her daughter had never been in trouble before and had an ambition to join the military . Gallmon attended Forestville Military Academy in Maryland , a coach told Fox 5 , on Thursday and had been an exemplary student . Coach and teacher , Vincent McDuffie , told the station that she had wanted to play basketball in college but had suffered a knee injury . He said that her supportive family always turned up to watch her high school games . Gallmon graduated from the military academy in 2011 . The 21-year-old is due in D.C. Superior Court on Thursday . Authorities have arrested a Washington , DC woman named Jamyra Gallmon for the crime . On the left , another view of the person of interest on CCTV and on the right , Messerschmitt . Police sources told NBC Washington that the woman in the surveillance video is Gallmon . Widowed : Messerschmitt texted his wife Kim Vuong on February 9 that he would be home in an hour but never showed . Police still have n't said what he was doing at the hotel . Gallmon 's mother said that her 21-year-old daughter -LRB- pictured -RRB- had never been in trouble before and had an ambition to join the military . According to the police report , Messerchmitt left his work at law film , DLA Piper , around 7.45 pm on February 9 and texted his wife a couple of hours later to say he would back at their Capitol Hill home in an hour . The couple reportedly had not seen each other since February 8 , but Vuong did n't think anything seemed wrong with her husband . She reported him missing at midnight , saying it was unlike him to disappear and that usually he got home before her . Messerschmitt was found dead in his room the next day . Police have not revealed exactly what he was doing at the hotel . Last week , Messerchmitt 's wife gave an emotional speech , asking for help in finding her husband 's killer . ` The world has lost a good person . David 's family : a son and brother , and I have lost everything : my husband and my best friend . In one day , I lost the most important person in my life and the man I loved so much . And I have no answers , ' she said . A Cincinnati native , Messerchmitt attended Ohio State University where he met his wife . He went on to study law at Boston University before working at a firm in Chicago . He then worked at two more firms in the D.C. area before transferring to DLA Piper last year , as a specialist in intellectual property law . Emotional : Last week , Messerschmitt 's wife , Kim Vuong , held a press conference , asking for help in locating her husband 's killer . Police sources said Gallmon was at the Donovan hotel -LRB- pictured -RRB- for a ` sexual encounter ' . Messerchmitt was found stabbed to death in his hotel room on February 10 .