A tenant who claims she lost her ` sexual adventurism ' and ` libido ' after she was injured when an elevator in her building suddenly dropped three floors is suing the luxury apartment complex . Marie D'Argent claims she suffered vertebral disc trauma , whiplash and nightmares when the elevator at The Princeton complex on St Kilda Road in Melbourne dropped suddenly on October 9 , the Herald Sun reports . The 55-year-old publicist says the fall also left her with a ` loss of libido ' , ` sexual discomfort and impairment ' and ` curtailment of sexual adventurism ' . Marie D'Argent claims she suffered vertebral disc trauma , whiplash and nightmares when the elevator at The Princeton complex on St Kilda Road in Melbourne dropped suddenly on October 9 . Ms D'Argent recently filed a statement of claim at the County Court of Victoria to seek compensation for her injuries from the building owners ' corporation and elevator service , Thyssenkrupp Elevator Australia . She claims she entered the lift on the 11th floor on October 9 before it dropped and stopped sharply on the eighth floor . Ms D'Argent says the lift then jolted at each level until reaching the ground floor , which left her with spinal injuries that had impacted her professional , family and personal life . Ms D'Argent recently filed a statement of claim at the County Court of Victoria to seek compensation for her injuries from the building owners ' corporation and elevator service , Thyssenkrupp Elevator Australia . ` It 's a matter of losing your mojo , ' she told the newspaper . ` Everybody would know your back plays a big part in your sexual life . ' She claims the incident has left her unable to work full-time . The elevator company said the would fight the claims , while the building owners ' corporation would n't comment on the lawsuit . The 55-year-old publicist says the fall at the Princeton apartment block also left her with a ` loss of libido ' , ` sexual discomfort and impairment ' and ` curtailment of sexual adventurism '