A Mayfair mansion that was once the site of a milking parlour has gone on the market for £ 25million . The four-bedroom property in central London 's Farm Street has all the trappings of modern luxury with an indoor swimming pool , gym , lift , cinema room and roof terrace . One hundred and fifty years ago however it was used to house cows for milking on one of London 's busiest trading streets . Originally used as a milking parlour , it became a depot before being knocked down in the 19th Century . In 2011 developers took over the site and demolished the house to make way for the plush mansion which now sits in its place . At 8,139 square ft , it is on the market for £ 25million . A newly-built mansion that was constructed on the site of a former milking parlour in Mayfair has gone on the market for £ 25million . The house is decorated throughout with modern furnishings and plush carpets . Among its features is a private lift and guest cloakroom . A grand piano sits in the marbled hall on one of the floor 's houses . A 14-piece dining table is also featured in the luxury dining room . An indoor swimming pool now takes the place of what once would have been a milking shed in the 18th and 19th Century . A cinema room is one of the many modern features in the property . It was built in 2011 after developers knocked down the original structure . Impressive artwork throughout the house adorns its walls . It is being sold for £ 25million by estate agents Wetherell and Knight Frank . An opulent 14-place dining table is found on the first floor of the luxury property which also has its own lift . London 's milking parlours date back to Tudor times , with Farm Street serving as hub of agricultural trade for years . Cows were brought there from the grazing areas of Peckham , Holland Park and Hampstead heath and sold to local butchers . Alongside the parlours was an abattoir and pub , the Punch Bowl , which remains . Guy Ritchie and Madonna bought the pub while they were married and it quickly became a celebrity favourite . Mr Ritchie sold it in 2013 to the Alexander Langlands Pearse . Inside the modern mansion are four bedrooms including a master suite which occupies the entire second floor . The lower ground floors feature a swimming pool complex with mosaic-lined pool , steam room , gym , shower and changing facilities , kitchenette , guest cloakroom and media room . It also has a private lift , marble flooring , a sweeping spiral staircase and a dining room which can seat 14 . Speaking of the property , Peter Wetherell , chief executive of Wetherell , said : ` This recently built house is an outstanding example of contemporary living in historic Mayfair at its very best . ` As the location of Mayfair 's dairy , the interesting and unusual history allowed for the construction of a house on a commercial depot site , without the usual restrictions of historic listing controls . ` The result is an open flowing family house providing spacious rooms and generous ceiling heights rarely found in historic Mayfair . ' The house has four bedrooms which all come with their own en suite bathrooms and is set over four floors . It was built in 2011 . One of the four bedrooms in the house is finished with sleek white , grey and black furniture and soft furnishings throughout . Another of the guest rooms in the luxury mansion furnished in cream and peach . The house has been described by estate agents as a ` flowing family house ' One of the double bathrooms in the house has a deep marble bath , his and her 's sinks and a large , walk-in shower . The property 's master suite takes up the entire second floor with a huge bedroom and ` living space ' which features a stunning fireplace . The dressing room in the master suite boasts high-gloss white wardrobes , fluffy white carpet and a grey bench for resting . An enormous jacuzzi bath in the middle of the master suite 's bathroom , with his and her sinks and a walk in double shower beyond it . Another of the luxurious bathrooms is fitted with a black and grey bath and shower . Experts said the property was an example of ` contemporary living in historic Mayfair ' A courtyard in the property offers another outdoor seating . Part of its tiles have been replaced with glass exposing the leisure complex beneath . The luxury home also has a steam room adorned in shimmer silver mosaic and several outdoor spaces for residents to take in sun . A sweeping sun terrace on the building 's roof where residents and guests can take in views of the historic Mayfair village . A sleek white and brown kitchen leads out to a sun-trapped patio on one of the house 's floors . There is also a kitchenette elsewhere . An aerial view of the staircase shows the house 's four floors , with golden sculptures found on shelves the whole way down . A fully-equipped gym has also been installed in the basement of the house and even has a flat-screen TV fitted on a wall of mirrors . High quality finishings are seen throughout the property which is found in one of London 's most exclusive areas .