A young boy enjoyed a rare opportunity to interact with a brown bear when he was befriended by one at a zoo . Wandering over to the protective glass , the youngster named Gabriel is captured on camera standing next to the bear , which sits partially submerged in the water in a North American zoo . Looking to his dad for reassurance , the young boy asks whether he is safe and his dad comically replies : ` That 's pretty strong glass , hopefully . ' The dad then states : ` Wow , that 's cool , ' as the bear , which is believed to be called Cheyenne , sits calmly next to the youngster , as if enjoying his company from the other side of the partition . The father then instructs his son to put his hand up against the glass and as he does so the bear moves towards him with its nose rubbing against the glass . The young boy at first does n't seem too interested in the bear , then starts posing for the camera as the animal begins to interact and appears to try and bite him through the glass . The bear then begins mouthing at the partition , which causes the youngster 's parents to laugh and the father to say : ` He wants to chew on you . ' Moving back to his original position , Gabriel puts both of his hands up on to the glass window and suddenly the bear springs into action and jumps up to greet him . Helping the bear out , Gabriel moves his hands to be in line with its paws and looks around at the camera to smile . Meanwhile the bear opens its mouth wide and attempts to bite the youngster through the glass . Later in the video the bear rubs up against the partition and shakes the top half of its body dry before following the boy 's hand with its mouth , as if planning to bite it through the glass . The youngster 's dad then states : ` That sign said they would eat anything , do you think they would eat a Gabriel ? ' The boy and bear go on to play together as the boy puts his hands against the glass and the animal mimics his actions . At one point the boy Gabriel tells his family ` he wants me to get in there ' Before humorously answering his own question with : ` probably . ' Becoming more playful , the bear suddenly comes alive and actually appears to dance while rubbing up against the glass once more . Gabriel says : ` He wants me to get in there , ' before cautiously walking away from the bear and stating : ` He better not break through . ' The young boy then starts moving left to right and despite the distractions of a young girl and the video maker , the bear swims after him . The video concludes with the youngster attempting to coax the bear out of the water , before giving up and standing opposite it once more .