Fearing for their lives , hundreds of African immigrants have begun arriving in their home countries after fleeing the bloody violence that has swept across South Africa . Among them were some 400 Zimbabweans -- including pregnant women and babies -- who were packed onto buses to escape the anti-immigrant attacks that have left seven people dead in recent days . They were pictured wearily disembarking in the safe haven of a migration centre in the Zimbabwean border town of Beitbridge after leaving Durban yesterday . About 3,200 Malawians have also sought refuge in temporary camps amid the ensuing chaos . Their plight emerged as South Africa 's influential Zulu King Goodwill Zwelithini denied whipping up the xenophobic hatred in the country that has forced thousands from their homes . Scroll down for video . Safe haven : Zimbabwe victims of xenophobic attacks in South Africa disembark from a bus on arrival at the International Organisation for Migration Reception and Support Centre in Beitbridge , Zimbabwe . Shock : A pregnant woman stands in a registration queue awaiting her turn at the International Organisation for Migration Reception and Support Centre in Beitbridge , after fleeing attacks that have seven people dead . Two Zimbabwean Nationals sleep inside a tent at the International Organisation for Migration Reception and Support Centre grounds after being repatriated following xenophobic attacks in South Africa . Stunned : Venge Mundai , a survivor of the xenophobic violence is looked after by a doctor inside a makeshift clinic at the International Organisation for Migration Reception and Support Centre in Beitbridge . Zwelithini had made an angry speech last month blaming immigrants for rising crime and saying they must leave the country , in an outburst seen as inciting the spate of attacks . But addressing a tribal gathering of several thousand Zulus in the port city of Durban the king insisted he had been taken out of context . ` My speech ... was directed at the police , calling for stricter law enforcement , but that was never reported , ' he said . ` The public was instead given another side of my speech , which has been twisted and misrepresented . This violence directed at our brothers and sisters is shameful . ' Meanwhile , in Malawi , Information Minister Kondwani Nankhumwa said six buses carrying 390 Malawians from Durban were sent to Malawi yesterday , while five more buses were expected to leave today . Those killed in the anti-immigrant unrest included two Malawians , according to Malawi 's government . Louis Lulu Mnguni , South Africa 's top diplomat in Nigeria , said his Lagos mission has warned South African citizens in Nigeria ` to exercise vigilance and limit their movements ' following threats of reprisal attacks . Malawian families fleeing xenophobic violence disembark a bus at Kamudzu stadium in Blantyre , after being repatriated from South Africa . A group of 390 Malawians fleeing xenophobic violence wait at Kamudzu stadium in Blantyre . South African authorities have struggled to contain mobs in the economic capital Johannesburg and Durban who have been attacking foreigners from Zimbabwe , Malawi , Mozambique and other African countries . Similarly , security was increased at the South African High Commission in Accra , Ghana , after telephoned threats , said Lulama Xingwana , the high commissioner . Activists in some African countries have also organised protests and called for a boycott of South African goods as South Africa is a powerful trading partner in the region . Kenmare Resources , a Dublin-based company , said it temporarily repatriated its 62 South African workers at a titanium mine in Mozambique after ` reciprocal unrest ' there that stemmed from the South African violence . The mine 's total workforce is nearly 1,400 . The outbreak of violence in South Africa against immigrants has tarnished the reputation of a country that has one of the biggest economies on the continent and has been a destination for people seeking opportunity and an escape from turbulence elsewhere in Africa . Horrific pictures released yesterday showed a Mozambican man bleeding to death in a gutter after being savagely attack by a gang who stabbed him with knives and bludgeoned him with a wrench in Alexandra township near Johannesburg . In a chilling twist the victim was left bleeding to death in a gutter because a medical centre just 300 feet away was closed for the day because the doctor who worked there was also a foreigner and feared becoming a victim of a xenophobic attack himself . South Africa was also dubbed the ` rainbow nation ' for its relatively peaceful transition to democracy after the end of white racist rule in 1994 . Attack : Shocking images capture the moment the armed gang surround Emmanuel Sithole and repeatedly stab him with knives and bludgeon him with a wrench in Alexandra township near Johannesburg . Now the government is struggling to contain negative fallout from attacks on immigrants in some areas of Durban and Johannesburg that killed seven people since the end of March . Professor Chris Landsberg , an African diplomacy and foreign policy expert at the University of Johannesburg said the South African government should be ` less reactive and more proactive ' in dealing with tensions over immigrants . He said the country should ` be a bit more humble ' about its aspirations as a continental leader , adding : ` We are in denial . ' Zulu King Goodwill Zwelithini , an influential figure among the Zulu ethnic group in South Africa , condemned the attacks in a speech Monday at a Durban sports stadium . His remarks followed allegations that he provoked the violence with reported comments in which he said foreigners should go home . Doctors tried in vain to save Mr Sithole 's life . His cause of death was later established as a direct stab wound to the heart and his identity established from a mobile phone found in his pocket . President Jacob Zuma postponed a ceremony , scheduled for next week , in which the country 's highest official honor is bestowed on South Africans and foreigners who have contributed to South Africa , his office said . The event will be postponed so South Africa can mourn the victims of the anti-immigrant violence , including three South Africans and four foreigners , it said . The attacks in South Africa stem from a perception that immigrants , many from other African countries , are taking jobs at the expense of South Africans in a country with high unemployment . Many people have entered South Africa illegally , though the government has said a large number of immigrants are working legally and contributing to economic development . The violence recalls similar unrest in South Africa in 2008 in which 60 people died . In January this year , four people died during looting of foreign-owned shops in areas of Johannesburg . The violence is particularly unfortunate because other African nations provided shelter and other aid to South African activists during the battle against white minority rule , said Xingwana , the South African diplomat in Ghana . ` The young people have forgotten the contribution of African countries to South Africa 's fight against apartheid and need to be educated on this , ' she said .