A member of the Armed Forces has received £ 709,000 in compensation for bullying , it emerged last night . The sum dwarfs payments for troops seriously wounded on the battlefield . Those who have lost both legs in combat are eligible for £ 570,000 . Another soldier has received £ 411,000 after being left with psychological problems caused by harassment at the hands of senior troops . A member of the Armed Forces has received £ 709,000 in compensation for bullying , it emerged last night . The settlements are thought to be the largest paid out by Ministry of Defence as a result of bullying . Last year , the MoD gave a total of £ 81.9 million in compensation to members of the Armed Forces for injury , death and property damage by the MoD , according to the Daily Mirror . Emma Norton of human rights group Liberty said : ` This is much more than a financial headache for the MoD -- it 's a problem that can cost a person their mental wellbeing or even their life . A new watchdog is to be created to investigate the way bullying and abuse cases are dealt with in the Armed Forces after Corporal Anne Marie Ellement -LRB- above -RRB- was found hanged in 2011 . ` If a soldier is bullied , ignored , then ground down by an interminable and biased complaints system , it 's no surprise they feel legal action is their only option . ` If the MoD wants to reduce its compensation bill , it must deal effectively with bullies -- simply saying the Army has a zero - tolerance approach does n't make it so . ' The MoD said it was misleading to compare payouts from the Armed Forces Compensation Scheme with common law claims . A spokesman said that personal injury claims were based on ` legal liability ' , while the AFCS gives compensation ` irrespective of fault , across a range of circumstances ' arising from service . A new watchdog is to be created to investigate the way bullying and abuse cases are dealt with in the armed forces , the Government announced last year . The case of Cpl Anne Marie Ellement , 30 , who was found hanged at Bulford Barracks , Wilts , in 2011 prompted the commitment . An inquest found that psychological effects of an alleged rape and ` work-related despair ' contributed to her death and the coroner called for the MoD to review its care for vulnerable soldiers .