The family of a woman who has been missing for almost a month have shared their heartbreak over her disappearance . Sharon Edwards ' car was left parked in her driveway and the clothes she had been wearing on March 14 were thrown in the washing basket in her bedroom . Her son , Eli Edwards , told Daily Mail Australia his family was struggling to come to terms with his mother 's disappearance . Sharon Edwards , 55 , was last seen between 10 pm and 11 pm on Saturday March 14 in Grafton , NSW . Pictured from left : Her son Zac , husband John , son Eli , Ms Edwards and her third son Josh . ` The worst part is not knowing anything , it 's such a mystery , ' he said . ` My old man 's taking it pretty hard and I guess we are all just going through stages . ' There was no sign of forced entry at her Grafton home on the NSW north coast and it has left her family with many unanswered questions . Ms Edwards , a 55-year-old teacher , was last seen between 10 pm and 11 pm on March 14 after spending the afternoon with close friends at the nearby Good Intent Hotel . Her wallet and handbag are missing but she has not accessed any of her bank or social media accounts . She is not believed to have had any enemies , but as Ms Edwards has no history of mental illness police are treating the investigation as a homicide . The family made an emotional appeal for information last week as police said it was a homicide investigation . Sharon Edwards , 54 , posted a smiling image of herself in front of a sunrise on the morning she disappeared . ` We ca n't think of anyone that would want to do anything to hurt her . We do n't have any theories , ' he said . Police and family say they hold ` grave concerns ' for her welfare as it is extremely out of character . After police made it known they were investigating foul play , Mr Edwards said his family started to face the harsh reality that his mother may never be coming home . ` It could be a real possibility and I guess after all this time it feels like there is really only one outcome left . ' Mr Edwards said regardless of how it happens , he wants his mum brought home . ` I want her to be found , one way or another . ' ` We just need an outcome , at least that way we can all have some closure , ' he added . It was first noticed Ms Edwards was missing when she failed to show up for a class she was due to teach . She has no known medical conditions and has not made contact with relatives . Mr Edwards said he and his fiance sometimes worked weekends and his mother was due to come to Brisbane to help care for his young daughter . ` She would n't miss that for the world , ' Mr Edwards explained . The ` dedicated ' primary school teacher did not turn up to work at Coutts Crossing Public School on March 16 and her estranged husband reported her missing the next day . On the morning she disappeared , Ms Edwards posted a smiling image of herself posing in front of a sunrise . In the week following her disappearance , police divers searched searched the Clarence River . Police also forensically examined three properties Ms Edwards and her husband own together , one in Grafton and two , including a vacant block , in nearby Lawrence . It is understood Ms Edwards lives in the Grafton home and her husband often stays at the Lawrence property . Police forensically examined three properties - one in Grafton and two , including a vacant block , in nearby Lawrence . The 55-year-old was last seen between 10 pm and 11 pm on Saturday , after spending the afternoon with close friends at the Good Intent Hotel in Grafton on the north coast . The ` dedicated ' primary school teacher did n't turn up to work at Coutts Crossing Public School on Monday morning and her husband reported her missing the next day . Police and family say they hold ` grave concerns ' for her welfare as it is extremely out of character . Ms Edwards is described as being of Caucasian , with a fair complexion , short blond hair and medium build . Strike Force Burrow will investigate the circumstances of her disappearance , comprising of detectives from the Coffs/Clarence Local Area Command and Northern Region . Investigators are appealing for community assistance to find her and anyone with information about her whereabouts is urged to contact Grafton Police Station on 02 6642 0222 or Crime Stoppers .