BBC presenter Charlie Stayt has been blasted after he misspelt the word ` education ' during a live report on the issue . Viewers took to Twitter to complain after he missed out the letter ` c ' when he scrawled the word on a whiteboard at a primary school in Southampton , Hampshire . Viewer Hardy Lion tweeted : ' #bbcbreakfast ha ha spelt education wrong !!! Back to school ! ' Back to school : Eagle-eyed viewers spotted Charlie Stayt 's embarrassing spelling error during a live broadcast . The presenter left out the letter ` c ' when he wrote the word for the third time on the whiteboard this morning . The presenter later described the gaffe as ` one of those things , ' after being alerted to it by colleagues . Whilst Mike Knowles tweeted : ` If you 're presenting a live report about education on #BBCBreakfast maybe double check how you spell education . ' Viewer John Morley added : ` Fantastic , #bbcbreakfast presenter ca n't spell education . ' Crafty Monkey wrote : ' @BBCBreakfast C - !! Could do better ! ' Afterwards , Bill Turnbull told Stayt he had started a Twitter frenzy and made him spell out the word education live on air . He said : ` There we go , it was a typo , we 'll forgive him . ' Presenter Sally Nugent added : ` I do n't think that spelling mistake was that bad . ' Stayt said : ` Let 's just call it one of those things . ' But Turnbull added : ` You 've only caused a Twitter frenzy in two-and-a-half minutes . ' Nugent said : ` I do n't think anyone 's noticed . ' Stayt was discussing the issue of education at Highfield Primary School as part of the programme 's UK sofa tour in the run up to the election . Blunder : Stayt was broadcasting from Highfield Primary School in Southampton , Hampshire . Afterwards , colleague Bill Turnbull made red-faced Stayt spell the word ` education ' US politician Dan Quayle was mocked when he misspelt the word ` potato ' on a school blackboard on June 15 , 1992 when he was visiting a school in Trenton as part of his official duties . He took part in a spelling bee when students had to write words on a blackboard . When it was 12-year-old William Figueroa 's turn he had to write the word ` potato ' . But Quayle pointed out : ` You 're close , but you left a little something off . The e on the end ' . In December last year , police in South Yorkshire were left embarrassed after taking delivery of a new patrol car with POLCE emblazoned on the side . In April 2013 , council workmen somehow managed to spell ` school ' wrong outside Innellan Primary School , near Dunoon in Scotland . They painted ` sckool ' on the road instead . Bungling workers were slammed in February 2013 in Shrewsbury , Shropshire , after they put up a sign for a historic Welsh bridge - but misspelled it ` Whelsh ' . In March 2012 , Oxfordshire council workers misspelled ` SCHOOL ' as ` SCHOUL ' in traffic markings outside Wolverton Primary School . A sign made by Hertfordshire Highways in February 2012 instructed motorists to ` Keer Cleap ' .