It 's a sport with a truly global reach as these images of children , amateurs and professional stars playing cricket show . The stunning shots make up the short-list for the Wisden -- MCC Cricket Photograph of the Year 2014 , which was won by Getty Images photographer Matthew Lewis . His image of Dwayne Bravo shows the player taking a breathtaking full-length catch for the West Indies to dismiss Australia 's James Faulkner during last year 's ICC World Twenty20 competition in Bangladesh . But portraits of ordinary players also make the list , from children on a Bangladesh rubbish tip to a club player attempting a catch in Kent . Children enjoy a game of cricket while their parents forage nearby on a rubbish tip in Dhaka , Bangladesh in an image by Abu Taher Khokon . The sun sets behind Mount Wellington in Hobart , Australia , as England 's Danny Briggs bowls during a Twenty20 International match . Intrepid players take part in the ` world 's highest game of cricket ' in the icy summit crater of Mount Kilimanjaro in Tanzania . The competition 's winning image was taken by Matthew Lewis and captures an outrageous pouch by West Indies player Dwayne Bravo . England bowler Stuart Broad is hit in the face by the ball which breaks his nose after squeezing through the grille of his helmet . Bangladesh A 's Nurul Hasan sees his stumps rearranged by South African fast bowler Dale Steyn during a limited overs game . Sri Lanka celebrate victory over England after devastated bowler Jimmy Anderson is dismissed by Shaminda Eranga . Joe Russell of Bexley Cricket Club in Kent makes an athletic but unsuccessful attempt at a catch on a boundary but the ball goes for six . England batsman Michael Carberry 's defensive stroke sees his bat snap cleanly in two during a spell from Australia 's Ryan Harris . Players leave the field at the end of the day 's play amid long shadows during a test between South Africa and Australia . Philip Hughes , the Australian batsman who died after being struck by a ball , walks to the changing rooms during a game against Pakistan .