Three children have died as one remains in a serious condition after a car crashed into a lake outside of Melbourne this afternoon . The 4WD , containing four children and an adult , crashed into a lake at Wyndham Vale in Melbourne 's outer west , just before 4 pm . Police believe that all children are under the age of six . According to Nine News reports , one child who died in hospital was aged seven . Another child , who died en route to the Royal Children 's Hospital , was aged one and a half . The first child who was pronounced dead at the scene was aged under seven . The relation between the female driver and the four children are not yet known but the woman is currently under police guard in hospital . Scroll down for video . A 4WD containing four children and an adult has crashed into a lake at Wyndham Vale , in Melbourne 's outer west . Paramedics work on two of the victims of the crash on Wednesday afternoon . Police later confirmed three of the four children died . The search and rescue team is at the scene to pull the car from the water , which is reportedly about 20 to 30 metres from shore . Locals are shocked as to how the car was able to get into the centre of the lake as it is ` pretty far from the road ' The fourth child was flown by air ambulance to the Royal Children 's Hospital and remains in a serious condition . The driver was transported via road ambulance to the Royal Melbourne Hospital , according to a Victoria Ambulance spokesperson , and she remains in a stable condition . A police spokeswoman told Daily Mail Australia that officers are yet to interview the woman . ` Police do not believe anyone is still in the lake , ' a statement from Victoria police said . ` At this stage the exact circumstances of how the car went into the lake are yet to be determined . ' Superintendent Stuart Bateson told the Herald Sun that the search and rescue team is at the scene to pull the car from the water , which is reportedly about 20 to 30 metres from shore . He said further tests will be done in order to determine whether the car had any mechanical defects . Victoria police said that the exact circumstances of how the car went into the lake are yet to be determined . A resident named Michelle told 3AW that her neighbour broke open the back windscreen of the 4WD to save the children . A Victoria Ambulance spokesperson said the children were being taken to The Royal Children 's hospital via air ambulance . A resident named Michelle told 3AW that her neighbour broke open the back windscreen of the 4WD to save the children . ` Travis jumped into the water , smashed the back screen of the car and got one little boy out , ' she said . ` Then they started working on him . ' Michelle also told the radio station the vehicle was driving along Manor Lakes Boulevard and ` just went straight over into the lake ' . Another resident , Stacie Buckley , told the Herald Sun she was in complete shock over the incident . ` You would never think something like this would happen in that particular spot . The ponds are pretty far back from the road . It 's just completely shocking , ' she said . A local told The Age that ` you 'd need considerable force to get the car all the way to the centre of the lake ' . Witnesses or anyone with further information about the incident should contact Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000 . Further tests will be conducted in order to determine whether the car had any mechanical defects . The relation between the female driver and the four children are not yet known but the woman is currently under police guard in hospital .