Ronny Deila bemoaned the refereeing blunder which cost ten-man Celtic side a crack at a rare domestic treble . Virgil van Dijk 's sublime 16th free-kick gave the Parkhead side a dream start to their Scottish Cup semi-final clash with Inverness . But the Parkhead side were denied a clear penalty and the chance to go 2-0 ahead before half-time when additional assistant Alan Muir failed to spot a goalline handball from Josh Meekings . Ronny Deila was angry at the referee 's decision to now send off Josh Meekings and award his side a penalty . Celtic 's anger was further fuelled when McLean - rightly - sent off Parkhead keeper Craig Gordon for clattering into Marley Watkins in 53 minutes , Greg Tansey equalising from the spot . A man down for 67 minutes the Scottish champions wilted in extra-time , succumbing to goals from Edward Ofore and David Raven , despite John Guidetti making it 2-2 . In measured tones , Deila chose his reaction to the penalty furore carefully saying : ` I do n't think I have to say much about that . ` I think everybody can see what 's happening . The Inverness defender -LRB- 6 -RRB- handled Leigh Griffiths goal-bound header but none of the officials saw it . ` When they played with 11 v 11 we had good control of the game and produced good chances and enough to win the game . ` But , of course , with ten it gets more difficult and we have to run more . ` And , again , we got very tired . ' Pinning the blame for the incident on the unsighted additional assistant Muir rather than referee MacLean the Norwegian added : ` We have five referees , maybe we need seven -- I do n't know . One on each post . The Celtic boss remonstrated with Steven McLean at half-time and was angry at the poor decision . ` He has one task . He has to look at something on the goalline . ` You ca n't blame the main referee for that . ' Asked if it was a big , critical moment in the game he added : ` I do n't think . Everybody knows that . ` The game is finished if we get it . ` That 's a tough day . Hard to take of course . Inverness ' players celebrate at the final whistle after reaching the Scottish Cup final after extra time . ` I think we fought very hard . When you do n't get the result you want of course it 's a blow for us . ' The Meekings incident , the latest in a wretched season for Scottish referees , will reopen the debate surrounding television replays . ` This will not help anything today , ' said Deila , dismissing the idea . ` It 's very hard for me to discuss this . ` It 's a big blow for the boys . I 'm very disappointed . ` We had control , eleven v eleven and should have killed the game before . Virgil van Dijk -LRB- left -RRB- had given Celtic the lead and put his side in control before all the incidents kicked off . ` We did n't do it and put ourselves in very sad situation . ` But Inverness are a good football team . I also have to congratulate them . They have had a good season and if they get a title it will be even better , so that 's very good . ' Insisting he had no issues over the red card for Gordon which forced him to remove the dangerous James Forrest and put Lukasz Zaluska in goals Deila vowed to lift his shatteted players for Wednesday 's trip to Dundee on league business . Currently leading Aberdeen by five points with a game in hand he insisted : ` We have to move on . We still have a lot to fight for . Craig Gordon -LRB- left -RRB- was rightly sent off by the referee for fouling Marley Watkins when he went through . ` The league title is still the most important thing . We have to get back on track . ` Good teams bounce back quickly . Now on Wednesday we have to be back on track , and that 's what we 're aiming for . ` Everybody is very disappointed today . But I have had disappointing moments before in football . It 's about how you handle it and what you learn from it . We 've done a lot of good things so far and if we win the league as well we 'll have had a good season . So we have a lot to build on . ` We just have to move on . Today I understand we can be a little bit disappointed , and the supporters of course , but we have to come together from tomorrow and really focus on Wednesday . '