The heartbroken mother of a unarmed teen who was shot dead by police has revealed the last words her son spoke as he lay dying in an ambulance . Hector Morejon was shot by a Long Beach , California , police officer , who allegedly thought the 19-year-old was pointing a gun at him during a trespassing and vandalism incident . According to her attorney , his mother , Lucia Morejon , was at home when she heard the shots . Lucia Morejon , the heartbroken mother of a unarmed teen who was shot dead by police has revealed the last words her son , Hector Morejon , 19 , spoke as he lay dying in an ambulance . She went to an alley near her home to see what happened and then realized it was her son in the ambulance , reports the LA Times . ` When he saw her , he propped himself partially up and cried to her , ` Mommy , Mommy , please come , please come ! ' ' her attorney 's statement said , reports the Press Telegram . ` She walked towards the ambulance , identified herself as his mother , expecting to ride with him to the hospital , but was pushed back by a man in a blue uniform . ' Her attorney Sonia Mercado told The Huffington Post : ` He was reaching for her - reaching out to her for help . ' ` It 's a tough thing to live with as a parent , ' said Mercado . ` She is deeply in shock . ' Hector Morejon , 19 , was shot dead by a police officer on Thursday while in a vacant apartment . The Press Telegram reports that according to the statement , Lucia Morejon asked what happened but was not given any information . It continues : ` At the hospital , Mrs. Mojeron and her family were not allowed to see Hector until he was dead . ' In a statement released Monday , the family of Hector Morejon said they are requesting that the LBPD ` immediately release the name and badge number of the officer who is responsible for killing Hector who was unarmed . ' Police said officers received a report that several people were trespassing and vandalizing an empty apartment at about 2:45 p.m. Thursday . When they attended they saw there was an open window and a broken window . According to an LBPD press release , an officer looked into the apartment through the broken window and saw a man -LRB- later identified as Morejon -RRB- standing against a wall . The press release states the officer saw the man turn toward him , while bending his knees and extending his arm out , as if pointing an object which the officer perceived as a gun . The officer then fired , according to police . Morejon , from Long Beach , was initially listed in critical condition , but was later pronounced dead at a hospital . No weapons were found at the scene . ` Objects were collected from the scene , but it has not been yet determined at this point in the investigation if those objects were what the officer observed , ' said Sgt. Megan Zabel , a Police Department spokeswoman told the LA Times . ` We are not describing evidentiary detail on what those objects are at this time , as with how many times the suspect was shot . ' Police said the apartment was spray-painted with gang-related graffiti . The family reject suggestions that the teen was a gang member . According to a statement from the LBPD to the Long Beach Post , the department ` thoroughly reviews all use of force incidents through a rigorous multi-step process that evaluates legal , policy , tactical and equipment issues . ` In addition , all officer involved shootings where a death occurs , are independently investigated by the Los Angeles County District Attorney 's Office and the Los Angeles County Coroner 's Office . '