Kenny Miller fears Rangers ' promotion bid could be derailed by the Ibrox side 's rollercoaster run of form . Gers suffered the first defeat of new boss Stuart McCall 's six-game reign on Thursday night as they slumped 3-0 at Queen of the South . It was an especially flat display after the high of recent Scottish Championship victories over Hearts and Hibernian . Kenny Miller fears Rangers ' promotion bid could be derailed by the Ibrox side 's rollercoaster run of form . The Light Blues - who remain behind the Easter Road side in third place on goal difference - now have five games left , starting with Raith on Sunday , to leapfrog Hibs and spare themselves the effort of playing two extra ties in the play-offs . Finish third and they could even be sent back to Palmerston - where they have now lost twice this season - for another testing clash with Queens , provided James Fowler 's side see off Falkirk in the race for fourth . But the worry for striker Miller is that Gers ' lack of consistency could wreck their chance of a Premiership return . The 35-year-old said : ` Last night was a reminder that we have not turned the corner and that there 's a lot of hard work still to be done . Miller -LRB- centre -RRB- looks dejected as his Rangers side slumped to a 3-0 defeat at Queen of the South . ` It was a performance that summed up out season a little bit . That ` consistency ' word has come up a lot this year . ` We seem to have a couple of good performances and then complacency kicks in and we take our foot of the gas . ` If we go back three games to the Hibs result , I do n't think anyone could have seen that coming . Fast forward three games and I do n't think anyone could have seen the result last night coming . ` We have to nail down that consistency and get to a level of performance that we can pretty much guarantee every week . Rangers had recently secured victories over Scottish Championship rivals Hearts and Hibernian . ` Might this inconsistency come back to haunt us in the play-offs ? It could do , yes . ` There is no point winning 1-0 or 2-0 at home and losing 3-0 away - that means you are out . ` It 's about getting that level and balance right . We need to get back to where we were at against Hibs and in the first half against Hearts , where I thought we were superb . '