The Great British Bake Off presenter Sue Perkins is taking a break from Twitter after men began sending her death threats in response to her becoming the bookmakers ' favourite to replace Jeremy Clarkson on Top Gear . Last week , a flurry of bets placed on Perkins , 45 , propelled her to the top spot for the now-vacant position , according to bookmakers Coral . But announcing her departure from the social media site this morning , the popular TV personality tweeted : ` My timeline has been full of blokes wishing me dead ... This morning , someone suggested they 'd like to see me burn to death . ` All of which goes to say that I am off Twitter for a bit . Love and peace x. ' Scroll down for video . Death threats : The Great British Bake Off star told Twitter followers she 's leaving the site after receiving abuse . Sue Perkins pictured here with co-stars Paul Hollywood -LRB- left -RRB- , Mel Giedroyc -LRB- second from right -RRB- and Mary Berry -LRB- right -RRB- . Among the fans sending Perkins messages of support was TV presenter Fearne Cotton who tweeted : ` There are some awful and sad humans out there . How pathetic . ps you absolutely rock ! ' Her co-star Paul Hollywood wrote : ` There are some strange people out there but nicer people too be with you soon Sis xx . ' Before leaving the site today , Perkins responded to comments by tweeting : ` Yawn . a / not up for the job b / could n't imagine anything worse than doing it . Off you pop and troll s/one else . ' Clarkson 's future at the BBC remains uncertain but he will be back on the channel later this month to host satirical quiz show Have I Got News For You . The corporation investigated the ousted Top Gear presenter after he attacked one of the show 's producers , splitting his lip and abusing him in a 30-second verbal assault on March 4 . Jeremy Clarkson , pictured here smoking and looking tired in London today , attacked one of the Top Gear producers . Top Gear : Jeremy Clarkson pictured with former co-stars Richard Hammond -LRB- left -RRB- , James May -LRB- second from right -RRB- and the Stig -LRB- right -RRB- . He was initially suspended by the broadcaster on March 10 for the attack on Oisin Tymon , before it announced his contract would not be renewed . Clarkson will appear on stage with his former Top Gear colleagues Richard Hammond and James May later this year to fulfil a series of shows planned before he left the BBC . They will be stripped of all BBC branding and instead be presented as ` Clarkson , Hammond and May Live ' . That means the show which will tour Australia , Norway , South Africa and the UK will not be able to use clips from the show - or even feature the Stig . Social media : Downton Abbey star Lily James -LRB- right -RRB- quit Twitter after being trolled , while Matt Lucas -LRB- left -RRB- also left the site . Sue Perkins is not the only celebrity to have left Twitter due to bullying and trolling . Downton Abbey star Lily James quit after trolling from fans who did not like her Downton storyline . In 2012 , Little Britain star Matt Lucas left Twitter for some time after a 16-year-old tweeted him a joke relating to his former partner 's death . Lucas replied saying : ` I 'm not joking . I think you should delete that tweet . It really upset me . '