A California mother has opened up about the horrific experience of watching her once-vibrant daughter fade away and die from a little understood brain-eating amoeba . Sybil Meister firmly believes her daughter Koral Reef picked up the deadly and mysterious Balamuthia mandrillaris infection during a family trip to Lake Havasu in May 2013 . Reef married her high school sweetheart that July and began to show worsening symptoms like headache , fatigue and stiff neck a couple of months later . By October 2014 , Reef would be dead . She was 20-years-old . Tragic : Koral Reef , left , was a blushing bride in July 2013 as she wed her high school sweetheart . The 20-year-old Temecula , California woman would be dead just over a year later from a rare , deadly and incurable brain-eating amoeba infection . Now her mother is on a mission to educate the world about the dangers of Balamuthia mandrillaris , for which there is no proven treatment . ` They said , `` Oh , she 's having withdrawal from her birth control ; It 's a migraine . '' They gave her medicine and sent her home and then she progressively got worse , ' Meister recalled in an interview with KNTV . That was in 2013 and the family could n't possibly have foreseen the horrors ahead . After all , Koral had just married her high school sweetheart Corey Pier . In fact , the attractive young couple were barely even out of high school when the trouble began . ` She started with the headaches , the stiff neck , the sensitivity to light and heat was bad , ' Meister said . According to the Press Enterprise , the symptoms steadily worsened . Over the course of months , once-healthy Koral began to regularly experience blurred vision , lethargy and mood changes . Terrible decline : Reef 's family believes she picked up the rare Balamuthia mandrillaris infection on a May 2013 trip to Lake Havasu . Balamuthia infection is very rare . The Balamuthia amoebas can infect the skin , sinuses , brain and other organs of the body . Therefore , Balamuthia infection can cause a wide range of symptoms . Disease can begin with a skin wound on the face , trunk , or limbs and can then progress to the brain where it cause a disease called Granulomatous Amebic Encephalitis . Diagnosis of Balamuthia GAE can be difficult , but some early symptoms may include : . • Headaches . • Stiff neck or head and neck pain with neck movement . • Sensitivity to light . • Nausea . • Vomiting . • Lethargy -LRB- tiredness -RRB- . • Low-grade fever . Other signs of Balamuthia GAE may include : . • Behavioral changes . • Seizures . • Weight loss . • Partial paralysis . • Speech difficulties . • Difficulty walking . Source : CDC . ` Balamuthia 's mortality rate is very , very high . Only 13 percent of patients survive without any type of treatment , ' Dr. Navaz Karanjia , Director of Neurocritical Care at UC San Diego . Some 200 cases have been identified worldwide since 1993 . Most cases are reported among the young , old or otherwise immunocompromised . California saw 12 cases between 1990 and 2011 . Nine of those cases were fatal . Deadly : At left , the Balamuthia mandrillaris amoeba is seen in its cystic phase . At right , the deadly brain-eating organism is seen in its active stage . A scan of her brain in September revealed what doctors first thought might be cancer . A test revealed it was Balamuthia mandrillaris . ` They told us there is no real treatment for this , ' said Pier . ` I broke down and I was freaking out . I did n't want to tell her . She would n't remember anyway . She was there , but she was n't there . It was just eating away at her brain . ' Within weeks , half her body was paralyzed . Then she stopped responding to her family . Doctors tried administering the investigational drug Miltefosine , but it was too late . Reef died October 20 . Meister has now embarked on a campaign to teach others about the water - and soil-borne infection . ` We 're reaching out to people trying to raise awareness because I do n't think people understand how serious it can be . It 's deadly , ' she told KNTV . She 's created Team Koral Reef GoFundMe and Facebook pages to help the cause . Reef would not be the first person to die from an amoebic infection after swimming in Lake Havasu , but she would be the first to die form this particular form of the single-cell organism , which authorities say has not been documented in the Arizona lake . Lake Havasu ? Reef 's family firmly believes she picked up the amoeba in Lake Havasu -LRB- pictured -RRB- in May 2013 . The Arizona lake is known to harbor a different deadly amoeba , Naegleria fowleri , but not the type found in Reef 's brain . Horrific : Reef married her high school sweetheart in July 2013 and began to show worsening symptoms like headache , fatigue and stiff neck a couple of months later . By October 2014 , Reef would be dead . She was 20-years-old . ` They told us there is no real treatment for this , ' recalled Reef 's young widower . ` I broke down and I was freaking out . I did n't want to tell her . She would n't remember anyway . She was there , but she was n't there . It was just eating away at her brain ' Fourteen-year-old Aaron Evans died from an infection caused by Naegleria fowleri that his family believed he picked up from the lake . Naegleria fowleri is known to live in the lake and other warm fresh waterways . In 2007 , officials at Lake Havasu responded by posting signs around the waterway warning of the potential -- albeit rare -- danger . Meister says the signs are n't enough . ` That sign makes the amoeba out to be some cute little fish that may cause a rash , ' Meister told PE.com . ` That does n't scream danger . That screams `` Have fun but be careful because there may be some amoeba in the lake that may be dangerous . '' It should read `` Swim at your own risk . ' '' SPeaking out : Reef 's mother Sybil Meister , left , now wants to educate the world on the little-known danger of Balamuthia mandrillaris . Meister says the signs posted around Lake Havasu warning of the dangers of amoebas are n't enough . ` That sign makes the amoeba out to be some cute little fish that may cause a rash , ' Meister said .