A lesbian couple are suing a Georgia sperm bank for false advertising - claiming their ` PhD student , eloquent-speaking ' donor turned out to be a schizophrenic with a criminal record . Angela Collins and Margaret Elizabeth Hanson from Port Hope , Ontario , decided to use Xytex Corp to start a family in 2006 , believing they had a strict vetting process . According to a lawsuit seen by the Atlanta Constitution Journal , the pair were told their donor had an IQ of 160 , a bachelor of science degree in neuroscience , a master 's degree in artificial intelligence , and was working on his PhD in neuroscience engineering . Angela Collins and Margaret Elizabeth Hanson of Port Hope , Ontario , decided to use Xytex Corp to start a family in 2006 , believing they had a strict vetting process . But they have accused the firm of false advertising . He was also described as being mature beyond his years and an eloquent speaker . But in June 2014 they discovered his name was James Christian Aggeles , according to the suit , after the company inadvertently revealed his identity in a number of emails . Through their own research they found that he had dropped out of college and had been arrested for burglary , and that his pictures had been doctored to remove a large mole from his cheek . Aggeles was charged with one count of burglary in 2005 and his case was discharged in May 2014 under terms of the First Offender Act , said Kimberly Isaza , spokeswoman for the Cobb County District Attorney 's office . The Constitution Journal reported that he served eight months in jail , with the rest of his 10-year sentence on probation , ending in May 2014 . In June 2014 , the pair discovered their donor was called James Christian Aggeles , according to the lawsuit . He is said to have schizophrenia , has spent time in jail and dropped out of college . The company -LRB- Atlanta headquarters pictured -RRB- allegedly inadvertently revealed his identity in a number of emails . According to the lawsuit , the pair will now have to spend more to evaluate the care of their son . They also claim they have suffered emotional and financial hardship as a result . The couple 's lawyer Nancy Hersh told the paper she is representing 15 mothers who used Aggeles as a donor . The claimants have more than 20 children by him - but are concerned for the health of their children because of his medical history . However Hersh insisted that the lawsuits do not mean the mothers do not love their children .