A 21-year-old student died after taking a lethal dose of diet pills she bought online , her mother has claimed . Eloise Parry , known as Ella , ` burned up from the inside ' after swallowing the highly-toxic substance known as Dinitrophenol , or DNP . After accidentally taking the lethal dose on April 12 , she began feeling unwell at around lunchtime - and drove herself to the Royal Shrewsbury Hospital . Eloise Parry , known as Ella , died after swallowing the highly-toxic substance known as DNP . Doctors carried out a toxicity test and discovered she was in grave danger as there is no antidote to DNP , which is toxic . Her metabolism began to soar and she started to overheat . Despite doctors desperately trying to stabilise her , she died just three hours later . Her mother Fiona , 51 , has now issued a stark warning about buying diet pills online . In a heart-wrenching statement issued on her behalf by West Mercia Police , she said : ` Sunday started out cool and clear . ` By lunchtime there was a brisk wind , blowing in strong gusts that suggested a storm might be coming . ` Overhead the skies were bright blue , almost cloudless and full of promise . ` I did n't know it at the time , but Ella had bought slimming tablets on the internet . The substance in the pills Ella took is unsuitable for human consumption because of its toxicity . ` A substance called DNP that is unsuitable for human consumption because of its toxicity . ` She had taken even more of these `` slimming tablets '' than recommended on the pack and had no idea just how dangerous they really were . ` How many of us have ever thought `` If one tablet works , surely it wo n't hurt to take one or two more ? '' ' She went on to explain that her daughter had driven herself to hospital and walked into a & e . As she was still completely lucid and seemed to be OK , she thought there was no danger . However , when the toxicity report came back it became clear how dire her situation was . Mrs Parry continued : ` The drug was in her system , there was no antidote , and she had taken a lethal dose . ` As Ella deteriorated , the staff in a & e did all they could to stabilise her . ` As the drug kicked in and started to make her metabolism soar , they attempted to cool her down , but they were fighting an uphill battle . ` She was literally burning up from within . When she stopped breathing , they put her on a ventilator and carried on fighting to save her . ` When her heart stopped they could n't revive her . ' She added that her daughter never intended to take her own life , she just did n't understand the danger of taking an overdose of the slimming tablets . Mrs Parry said : ` Most of us do n't believe that a slimming tablet could possibly kill us . ` DNP is not a miracle slimming pill . It is a deadly toxin . It is similar to TNT in structure . ` TNT is an explosive . DNP causes your metabolism to run at an explosive level , with potentially fatal consequences . ' The cause of Miss Parry 's death will be confirmed by a coroner at a later date . Her mother Fiona said : ` She had taken even more of these `` slimming tablets '' than recommended on the pack and had no idea just how dangerous they really were ' Miss Parry , of Shrewsbury , was in the middle of a Families and Childcare Studies degree at Glyndwr University when she died , and also volunteered for West Mercia Women 's Aid and the YMCA . DNP is sold as a weight loss aid , but has been described as ` extremely dangerous to human health ' by doctors . It is sold mostly over the internet under a number of different names but contains 2 , 4-Dinitrophenol . It is marketed mainly to bodybuilders as a weight loss aid as it is thought to dramatically boost metabolism . The manufactured drug is yellow and odourless and was previously used as a herbicide and fungicide . It was launched as a slimming aid in the U.S. in the 1930s but then banned in 1938 , due to the severe side-effects . Depending on the amount consumed , signs of acute poisoning could include nausea , vomiting , restlessness , flushed skin , sweating , dizziness , headaches , rapid respiration and irregular heart-beat , possibly leading to coma and death . Her mother said : ` She loved how exciting life could be ; how new experiences offered up thrilling possibilities and a whole world of opportunities to be explored . ` It is such a great sadness that her life ended so soon , and , in many ways , ended before it had really had a chance to begin . ` There were so many things that she dreamed of doing - travelling , having a career and having a family - things that she never got a chance to experience . ` She will be greatly missed by everyone who knew her and it will be all the good memories of her that we will cherish as we go through the difficult weeks and months ahead . ' Police are now investigating where Eloise purchased the pills , which cost around £ 70 for 100 capsules containing 200 mg of DNP . Chief Inspector Jennifer Mattinson said : ` We are undoubtedly concerned over the origin and sale of these pills and are working with partner agencies to establish where they were bought from and how they were advertised . ` The coroner 's report will establish the exact cause of Eloise 's death but we urge the public to be incredibly careful when purchasing medicine or supplements over the internet . ` Substances from unregistered websites could put your health at risk as they could be extremely harmful , out-of-date or fake . ` An investigation is being carried out to find out where Eloise bought the pills and we ask anyone with any information that could help us to call 101 . Miss Parry began feeling unwell at around lunchtime on April 12 after taking the huge dose - and drove herself to Royal Shrewsbury Hospital . Despite attempts to save her , she died three hours later . ` We continue to support Eloise 's family at this incredibly difficult time and our thoughts very much remain with them and Eloise 's friends . ' The Food Standards Agency -LRB- FSA -RRB- has offered the following information concerning the dangers posed by DNP . A spokesman said : ` We advise the public not to take any tablets or powders containing DNP , as it is an industrial chemical and not fit for human consumption . It can be extremely dangerous to human health . ' Anyone who may have any information which could assist police in their investigation is asked to call 101 quoting reference number 369 of April 12 . A spokesperson for Glyndwr University , where Miss Parry studied , said : ` Ella commenced the BA -LRB- Hons -RRB- Families and Childhood Studies programme at Glyndwr University in September 2013 . ` She was a motivated group member who contributed enthusiastically to all modules , always championing the promotion of positive well-being for children and young people . ` Ella was a popular student with staff , peers , across the University and within placement . ` She always strived to do her best in everything and had great potential both academically and in practice . ` She will be sadly missed by us all . Our thoughts and condolences are with her family and friends at this sad time . '