A 33-year-old professional skydiver who has made more than 6,000 dives was killed during a dive in Florida on Wednesday , after her chute apparently collided with another mid-air . Jessica Edgeington , of Villa Rica , Georgia , was a skilled diver known for a type of high-speed sport called ` swooping ' , where divers speed down to land and sweep over buoys and other obstacles on the surface of a pond as competition . She died after plummeting to the ground at the Skydive DeLand in DeLand , Florida . It is the second death at the skydiving center this year , after Navy SEAL William Marston died after landing heavily in January . It is unclear what type of dive Edgeinton was maneuvering , but she appears to have run into a problem in the air . First responders arrived about 4.10 pm and Edgeington was pronounced dead at the scene . Tragedy : Jessica Edgeington , 33 , a professional skydiver , was killed in a dive on Wednesday in DeLand , Florida , after apparently colliding with another dive mid-air . Professional : Edgeington had made over 6,000 jumps and competed in a sport called ` swooping ' , where divers speed down to land and swoop over buoys and other obstacles on the surface of a pond as competition . Investigation : It is unclear what type of dive Edgeinton was maneuvering , but she appears to have run into a problem in the air , but the crash is under investigation . Scene : Edgeington was pronounced dead at DeLand Municipal Airport on Wednesday about 4.10 pm . Local media reports say Edgeington collided with another diver , causing a problem with her parachute . However the crash is currently under investigation . According to The Tampa Bay Times , ` swoopers ' like Edgeington jump from the plane at 5,000 feet and reach speeds of 90 miles per hour as they descend . The sport is about how the person can handle their parachute and make maneuvers , including turns and twists . Edgeington gave an interview with the Associated Press in May last year while competing for a spot on the U.S. Parachute Team . ` It 's not necessarily scary to jump out of the plane anymore , ' she said . Killed : Jessica Edgeington , seen here at a swooping course , died Wednesday afternoon after flying out of Skydive DeLand in Florida on Wednesday . Edgeington continued in the interview : ` I get competition nerves when I 'm at something like this . ` So that 's probably the most nerve wracking thing , is getting ready to compete . ` Trying to perform and do your best . Hopefully not mess up . ' On her Facebook page , Edgeington lists herself as a ` canopy coach ' for PD Factory Team . Canopy coaches educate skydivers of every level , from beginners working on accuracy to advanced semi-pros and elite military personnel . Her page was inundated with messages from family , friends and colleagues following the tragedy on Wednesday . Crash : Jessica Edgeington , 33 , of Villa Rica , Georgia , died Wednesday afternoon at Skydive DeLand . It is the second death at the the DeLand field this year . In January , William ` Blake ' Marston , a Navy SEAL learning how to skydive , died after hitting the land too hard , according to My News 13 . The field is at DeLand Municipal Airport . Tributes : Hundreds of tributes have flooded in for the skydiver , describing her as a ` wonderful soul ' Two other men died in separate incidents at Skydive DeLand in 2013 . That year , in the 3.2 million jumps that happened across the country , the United States Parachute Associated recorded a total of 24 fatal skydiving accidents . There are thousands of dives at Skydive Delandeach year . It is also the home of SkyDive University , a professional skydiving instruction and coaching organization .