Dr Mehmet Oz 's fellow faculty members at Columbia have written an op-ed lashing out at how his ` unsubstantiated medicine ... sullies the reputation ' of the university - in just the latest attack on his talk show tactics . But they also leap to the physician 's defense in the piece , saying that his on-air ` Ozisms ' should not cancel out his stellar work at the university , where he has an unblemished record as a doctor . The eight staff wrote the op-ed for USA Today after 10 doctors urged Columbia to sever all ties with Oz , who serves as vice chairman and professor of surgery at the College of Physicians . Those doctors accused him of being a ` charlatan ' who promotes ` quack treatments ' on his syndicated talk show - accusations Dr Oz has vehemently fought this week . Scroll down for videos . Under fire : Faculty at Columbia University have said some of Dr Mehmet Oz 's tactics have ` sullied their reputation ' - but also applauded him for the work he had carried out at the Ivy League school . In the new op-ed , his fellow faculty also denounced his TV show methods . They pointed out that in 2014 , the BMJ medical journal said ` that less than half of the recommendations on his show are based on at least somewhat believable evidence ' . ` Many of us are spending a significant amount of our clinical time debunking Ozisms regarding metabolism game changers , ' the staff members wrote in the op-ed . ` Irrespective of the underlying motives , this unsubstantiated medicine sullies the reputation of Columbia University and undermines the trust that is essential to physician-patient relationships . ' That said , ` the weaknesses in -LSB- his -RSB- professional balance sheet ' should not force him out of his job at Columbia University , where he has been employed since 2001 , they wrote . He was hired because of his strengths as a doctor and receives top reviews from his peers and patients , and therefore should not be forced to leave the job ` in which he excels ' , they wrote . Support : The eight faculty members , including Drs Michael Rosenbaum , left , and Joan Bregstein . right , said they have spent a great deal of their time debunking ` Ozisms ' their colleague had shared on air . Instead , they suggested that his case raises questions of what responsibilities doctors in the media have to their patients . ` What happens when a doctor 's job in media-medicine collides with office - or hospital-based medicine ? Dr. Mehmet Oz is a case in-point . ' ` Many of us are spending a significant amount of our clinical time debunking Ozisms regarding metabolism game changers . Irrespective of the underlying motives , this unsubstantiated medicine sullies the reputation of Columbia University and undermines the trust that is essential to physician-patient relationships . ' ` We need to re-evaluate the roles of the health sciences and government in broadcast medicine and what are the responsibilities of media physicians to their patients ? ' ` Non-evidence based medical recommendations presented without the appropriate caveats are costly and potentially harmful . However , unless these foibles can be shown to render Dr. Oz inadequate or ineffective at Columbia , there is no justification for forcing him to resign from a well-earned position in academic medicine . ` Regulatory guidance addressing the tension between his two positions is potentially a far better solution that could result in improved health care both in the doctor 's office and in the media . ` Dr. Oz might begin each program with a simple disclaimer : `` The opinions expressed on this program may not be evidence-based or part of accepted medical practice and have no endorsement from Columbia University . '' ' The full op-ed can be read at USA Today . ` Non-evidence based medical recommendations presented without the appropriate caveats are costly and potentially harmful , ' they wrote . ` However , unless these foibles can be shown to render Dr. Oz inadequate or ineffective at Columbia , there is no justification for forcing him to resign from a well-earned position in academic medicine . ' Rather , he should start each show with a disclaimer : ` The opinions expressed on this program may not be evidence-based or part of accepted medical practice and have no endorsement from Columbia University , ' they said . The op-ed was penned by Dr Michael Rosenbaum , Dr Joan Bregstein , Dr Elizabeth Oelsner , Dr Sumit Mohan and Dr Dana March of Columbia University Medical Center , Dr Michelle Odlum of the School of Nursing , Dr Katherine Shear of the College of Physicians & Surgeons , and Tal Gross of the Department of Health Policy and Management . On Friday , Dr Oz , 54 , said he was ` very proud to have that feedback ' from his colleagues as he appeared on the Today show . ` The -LSB- Dr Oz -RSB- show has to be much broader than what might take place in a doctor 's office , ' he said . ` I completely respect why so many of my colleagues might have a difficulty with that , but I 'm also appreciative that many of them do understand why that 's important . ' While appearing on Today , he insisted that , despite the criticisms , his show will continue . He has been hosting the program since 2009 . ` Without question , the show will survive it , ' he said . ` I want to keep doing the show for as long as I can because I think we played an important role in making America a better place . ' Even though he often wears his scrubs on air , he added that his show is not about medicine , but about living ` the good life ' , such as looking at the power of prayer or techniques abroad . Defense : On Friday , Dr Oz appeared on the Today show and said his show would survive the criticism . Vehement : He told Matt Lauer that his show was more about living ` the good life ' than medical information . He said he continues to stand by his use of the word ` miracle ' to some treatments - but wishes he had not used it for weight-loss supplements . ` This is a flawed area with lots of fraud , both in the research and in products , ' he said . ` And we no longer talk about them . I have n't talked about them in a year . ' And talking about the letter from the 10 doctors last week , he said that those critics have agendas , particularly against genetically modified organisms , which he has supported . ` The 10 doctors who attacked me got what they wanted -- sensational headlines and sound bites , ' he previously said on his Thursday show , which was entitled The Truth About His Critics . ` It 's ironic that I am being accused of a conflict of interest by these doctors , when , as you are about to see , some of them have their own conflict of interest issues - and some integrity ones also . ' Four who signed the letter , including leader author Henry Miller , have at some point been associated with the American Council on Science and Health . Defiant : The celebrity doctor used Thursday 's episode of The Dr. Oz Show to hit back and claim that the criticism he 's received is part of a conspiracy because of his outspoken views on genetically modified food . The organization has previously received grants from Monsanto , who manufactures GMO seeds . During his show on Thursday , Oz denied attacking genetically modified foods . ` That is not true . I have never judged GMO foods , ' he said . ` But just like 64 countries around the world , I support GMO labeling so you can decide on the foods for your family . ' Dr Miller had written of Oz : ` He 's a quack and a fake and a charlatan . I think I know the motivation at Columbia . ` They 're star-struck , and like having on their faculty the best-known doctor in the country . ` But the fact is that his advice endangers patients , and this does n't seem to faze them . ' Columbia previously released a statement that it ` is committed to the principle of academic freedom and to upholding faculty members ' freedom of expression for statements they make in public discussion . '