Arsenal 's eight-match winning streak in the Premier League has taken even manager Arsene Wenger by surprise , according to the Frenchman whose side retain an outside chance of winning the title . ` I always hope to get the best out of my team , but no manager in the world if he is serious can predict a run like this , ' Wenger told Arsenal 's website . ` In the Premier League it 's very difficult to predict . ' Arsene Wenger admits he could not have predicted Arsenal 's impressive run of results . Aaron Ramsey 's goal against Burnley extended the Gunners ' record to 16 wins in their last 18 games . Wenger has once again come under fire this season , with fans frustrated by Arsenal 's failure to mount a serious title challenge and another last-16 exit in the Champions League . However , with an FA Cup semi-final this weekend and still the chance to chase down Chelsea in the table , Wenger 's position at Arsenal is again looking secure . Arsenal have won 16 of 18 games in all competitions and Wenger believes the change in fortune is down to him finally having a relatively injury-free squad . ` It 's down to the quality and the attitude of the team , the quality of the spirit we have in the side , ' he said . Ramsey celebrates his goal , which helped Arsenal to maintain second place in the Premier League . Arsenal have a slim chance of winning the league , but they must catch Jose Mourinho 's Chelsea to do so . ` We prepare -LRB- well -RRB- , we prepare and contribute to our success , that is for sure . What people forgot is that we had big players out for four months this season . ` Six or seven players from the squad completely out . So that made a big difference . ` We have a better balance in the team and some players have made it like -LRB- Francis -RRB- Coquelin , who contributes to the balance of the team . Hector Bellerin as well has come into the team . ` And big players like -LRB- Laurent -RRB- Koscielny , like -LRB- Mesut -RRB- Ozil , like -LRB- Olivier -RRB- Giroud have been out four months in the season -- four months the three together ! ` I have a quality bench and we even have quality players at home like Chamberlain , Arteta , Wilshere . I did n't even try to play Debuchy . We have a big squad and I think we have quality . ` Let 's see how we finish the season and after see how we do next season . ' Arsenal face Championship side Reading in the FA Cup semi-final this weekend and host Chelsea the following week .