Thailand 's Kiradech Aphibarnrat fired six birdies in the space of nine holes to surge into the lead at the Shenzhen International in China on Saturday . Aphibarnrat began the third round one shot behind American Peter Uihlein but birdied his first three holes before carding what would prove to be his only par on the front nine on the fourth . The 25-year-old , whose sole European Tour win to date came in the Malaysian Open in 2013 , then bogeyed the fifth but bounced back with another birdie on the sixth , and repeated the trick after a bogey on the seventh . Thailand 's Kiradech Aphibarnrat takes lead at the Shenzhen International in China on Saturday . Aphibarnrat fired six birdies in the space of nine holes on Saturday to overtake American Peter Uihlein -LRB- left -RRB- . A two-putt birdie on the ninth saw Aphibarnrat reach the turn in 32 and at 12 under par he enjoyed a two-shot lead over Uihlein and Spain 's Pablo Larrazabal , who was compiling the round of the week . Larrazabal had raced to the turn in 31 and picked up further shots on the 11th , 15th and 16th , while Uihlein had carded two birdies and one bogey on the front nine . Chinese number one Hao-tong Li had earlier carded a flawless 65 to set the clubhouse target on seven under , a total matched by England 's Tom Lewis and former US PGA champion YE Yang , who both shot 66 . Double Masters champion Bubba Watson struggled to his second consecutive round of 74 to finish two over par . The 25-year-old has one European Tour win to date when he won the Malaysian Open in 2013 . Bubba Watson -LRB- left -RRB- struggled to his second consecutive round of 74 as his Masters hangover continues . The double Masters champion finished 38th in Augusta this year , much to the American 's disappointment . Larrazabal was fortunate to see his approach to the 17th stop just a few feet from the water to the right of the green , but from there he could only pitch into a bunker and recorded his first bogey of the day . A par at the last meant the three-time European Tour winner had to settle for a 65 to finish nine under , which was now six shots off the blistering pace being set by Aphibarnrat . Aphibarnrat holed from six feet for birdie on the 10th and chipped to within inches of the hole for another on the short par-four 11th , before also two-putting the par-five 13th to reach 15 under . Uihlein also birdied the 11th and 13th but had bogeyed the 10th after failing to get up and down from the back of the green and found himself four shots off the lead .