The state of Oregon on Friday released 94,000 emails involving the fiancee of former Gov. John Kitzhaber , who resigned amid scandal earlier this year over allegations that the former first lady used her relationship with him to land contracts for her business . The emails show the very active role that Cylvia Hayes , Kitzhaber 's longtime companion , played in his administration , as well as the tension that it sometimes raised with the governor 's staff . Hayes routinely attended meetings , was copied on emails among senior staff and requested information or clerical assistance from state employees . Kitzhaber had downplayed her role in the administration , insisting she was not adviser or public official , which would require her to adhere to the ethics laws that he and his staff must uphold . Scroll down for video . Emails released by the state of Oregon show Cylvia Hayes , -LRB- right -RRB- fiancee of former Governor John Kitzhaber -LRB- left -RRB- , shows that she played a very active role in his scandalous administration . Kitzhaber , a Democrat , resigned in February , saying the influence-peddling allegations surrounding Hayes had become too much of a distraction . The FBI is investigating and has issued subpoenas for the emails and thousands of other records . The emails released Friday are messages between Hayes and the official email accounts for staff members in Kitzhaber 's office . Yet to be released are Hayes ' interactions with officials in other state agencies , as well as emails from her personal accounts that discussed state business . Hayes has filed a lawsuit seeking to block the release of her personal emails . The emails show that Hayes was involved in policy meetings , and her input was sometimes sought on policy questions . In one example from April 2011 , shortly after Kitzhaber took office , the governor 's executive assistant sent an email to an aide assigned to Hayes . She had scheduled a meeting for two policy advisers , Kitzhaber and Hayes , but the governor had to leave early . ` They will discuss natural resource and jobs/economy-related issues , ' the assistant wrote . ` The Governor will stay for 15 minutes ; but I expect the meeting to last 30 minutes . ' A year later , Hayes was asked to weigh in on a bill before the Legislature . ` Cheryl , Regarding bullet 3 of HB 4144 , I would not like to see it removed , ' Hayes wrote . ` That is counter to where we are headed with the ten year energy plan and implementing carbon accounting . ' Hayes routinely attended meetings , was copied on emails among senior staff and requested information or clerical assistance from state employees . Her relations with staff sometimes caused tensions . In December 2012 , Hayes sent a note to all staff asking them to buy $ 100 tickets to a fundraiser . Kitzhaber 's chief of staff quickly replied : ` Cylvia , can I ask you not to use folks ' state email to do fundraising requests . It puts the team in an awkward position given your role as First Lady . ' Last year , Hayes complained to Kitzhaber 's communications director , Nkenge Harmon-Johnson , that a speech she gave did n't go as well as it could have because a speechwriter had n't finished a draft . The writer had shifted to work on a late-scheduled speech for the governor . Harmon-Johnson was later fired , in part because of her frosty relationship with the first lady , according to her termination letter . Hayes often sought opportunities to travel to conferences or speak to audiences . In December 2013 , a spokeswoman for the Bend-LaPine Schools learned Kitzhaber and Hayes would be in town and invited them to a fundraiser to support scholarships for after-school sport and club programs . While the governor could n't make it , Hayes said she would be ` happy to attend and make a few brief remarks about the Prosperity Initiative and how athletic scholarships helped me become a first generation college grad . ' When the organizers said there 's no room for her to speak but they 'd still love her to come , she emailed her assistant : ` please find a nice way to decline . ' Shortly after Hayes held a tearful news conference last October to acknowledge that she was paid to enter a fraudulent marriage in 1997 with a man seeking immigration benefits , she replied to an email from a European man she 'd met at a conference . ` It sounds like maybe you have not seen the media firestorm I am in the midst of , ' she wrote . ` It is very intense , painful and embarrassing . I do know it will pass as the campaign season closes . I will make a note to follow up with you in November to set up a call . '