Self-inflicted ? The only other prisoner who rode in a police van with Freddie Gray on April 12 told investigators that he believed the 25-year-old was trying to hurt himself , according to a leaked affidavit . A prisoner who shared a ride to jail with Freddie Gray claims the 25-year-old was trying to injure himself inside a police van before he died from unexplained spinal cord injuries , according to a leaked police report . The report was leaked to the Washington Post under the proviso that the prisoner remains anonymous - raising questions about its accuracy and the favorable light which it shines on the Baltimore police force . In the documents , the unidentified prisoner says he was loaded into a police van after Gray on April 12 , and apparently told investigators that he heard Gray ` banging against the walls ' and ` intentionally trying to injure himself ' . However , he claims he could not see what Gray was doing , since they were separated by a metal partition . The statement was cited in a warrant to search an arresting officer 's clothing for possible traces of Gray 's DNA . The Washington Post obtained the affidavit from a person who asked the prisoner , who remains jailed for violating a restraining order , not be identified for fears over their safety . Officials in Baltimore have warned protesters that the investigation into Freddie Gray 's death will not be resolved by tomorrow - despite rumors to the contrary . City chiefs have been attempting to manage growing expectations they will immediately decide whether to prosecute six officers involved in the arrest of Gray who later died of injuries he apparently received while in custody . Authorities confirmed they plan to turn over findings of a police investigation into the death to a state 's attorney by Friday . In the past week , Gray has become the new face of the ` Black Lives Matter ' movement , with many believing his death was caused by police during or after the arrest . His death has not only prompted demonstrations in Baltimore , but in several cities across the nation . However , just how Gray sustained the life-ending injuries has remained unclear with both the Baltimore Police and Department of Justice revealing little of their respective on-going investigations . The assertion that Gray may have caused his own death in the back of the police van was quickly rejected by an attorney hired by his family . ` We disagree with any implication that Freddie Gray severed his own spinal cord , ' attorney Jason Downs told the Post . ` We question the accuracy of the police reports we 've seen thus far , including the police report that says Mr Gray was arrested without force or incident . ' And local reporters have also found inconsistencies with the leaked affidavit . According to WBAL reporter Jayne Miller , police originally said that the second prisoner in the van told investigators that Gray was ` mostly quiet ' . Sources also told the station that by the time the second prisoner was in the van , Gray was unresponsive . Cell phone footage captured the moment Gray was arrested by police near a housing project in west Baltimore on April 12 . Police say Gray fled when they tried to talk to him , and that after tackling him to the ground they found him carrying an illegal switchblade knife and took him into custody . Scroll down for video . Clues : The hour-long period between Gray 's arrest -LRB- captured in bystander video above -RRB- and his arrival at the hospital has remained a relative mystery until the Washington Post obtained the sealed affidavit . Gray appeared to still have some mobility when officers were putting him into the police van , but it 's unclear how much officers were aiding him into the car . Gray died the morning of April 19 at the University of Maryland Shock Trauma Center from his spinal injuries . In the bystander video , two officers are seen pinning Gray to the concrete with their knees . When they pick him up to lead him to the van , Gray appears to struggle with walking and can be heard yelling out in pain . The image of Gray being placed in the van is the last time he is seen before arriving at the hospital about an hour later with a partially severed spinal cord . Police have so far denied causing Gray 's injuries , but have not explained how he became so severely injured in their custody . Baltimore Police Commissioner Anthony Batts claims Gray had the capacity to walk since he is seen stepping into the police van in the bystander video . About five minutes into the 30-minute ride , the police officer driving the vehicle pulled over to put Gray in leg irons . That officer described Gray as ` irate ' and ` continued to be combative in the police wagon ' , Batts said . Angered : Gray 's death has sparked protests not only in Baltimore , but across the nation . Above , thousands took part in a student-led protest in Baltimore on Wednesday . After another five minutes , the officer made yet another stop , asking another cop to check on Gray . That officer found Gray on the floor because he had not been properly restrained with a seat belt - a violation of department policy . During this stop , Gray asked for medical help due to his asthma and Batts said officers ignored Gray 's worries and continued on to pick up the other prisoner - the 38-year-old man quoted in the recently-released affidavit . When the van arrived at the jail for booking 30 minutes after Gray 's arrest , he was found on the floor of the vehicle unconscious . He was taken straight to the hospital , and died a week later due to a severed spinal cord . The Baltimore Police Department is still conducting their investigation into Gray 's arrest . It was originally thought that the report would be released on Friday , when the department hands over their findings to the state attorney 's office . However , a police spokesman clarified that statement on Wednesday , saying they would be not be releasing anything to the public and the decision to do so would be up to prosecutors . Six police officers involved in Gray 's arrest and transportation are currently suspended pending the investigation . The report was released on the same day that a family member of one of the six officers involved in Gray 's arrest spoke out to defend their loved one on CNN . Defending the cops : A relative of one of the six police officers currently suspended over Gray 's arrest spoke with CNN on Wednesday . The family member , who chose to remain anonymous but appears to be female , said she was speaking out because she did n't think it was right that no one was standing up for the officers . She says her law enforcement relative , who she says is African American , believes Gray was injured before he was taken away in the police van on April 12 . The relative also shot down allegations that the police officer behind the wheel of the van may have driven eratically on purpose to get back at an ` irate ' Gray . She says that since paddy wagon drivers are called to the scene of arrests , the driver would n't have been emotionally involved with what happened when Gray was apprehended . While she believes that her relative is free from any blame , she added that she suspects the police department is hiding something and that there may be a few ` bad apples ' amongst their ranks . ` Why ca n't they figure out whether this gentleman was injured when he was being chased ? Or where he was injured ? There are a million cameras everywhere . ' The relative says her biggest fear is that all six officers will be punished for Gray 's death , which she thinks only a few may have been directly responsible for . When asked how her relatives is doing , the woman responds : ` How would anybody be doing in a situation like this ? In a situation where you got out there , you risk your life , you make a little bit of money and then something bad happens and nobody is standing behind you , such as the city that you served . ` How would anybody be doing when someone is dead ? Just because they wear that uniform does n't mean that they do n't hurt or that they 're not upset or that they do n't blame themselves . ` They 're human beings not machines . '