Outspoken British comedian Russell Brand has appealed to this fans to sign up to the mercy campaign to save condemned Bali Nine duo from facing death row . In true non-nonsense style , Brand lables Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran 's efforts to smuggle 8 kg of heroin out of Indonesia as ` daft ' as he urges his nine million Twitter followers to sign up to the petition in a desperate bid to spare their lives . While the pair await their fate on what is infamously dubbed as ` Execution Island ' in Java , Brand posted that the Australians have already done a decade behind bars and did not deserve to face a firing squad . Scroll down for video . Outspoken British comedian Russell Brand has appealed to this fans to sign up to the mercy campaign to save condemned Bali Nine duo who from facing death row . Brand labels the pair 's efforts to import 8 kg of heroin as into Australia as ` daft drug smuggling ' Andrew Chan -LRB- left -RRB- and Myruan Sukumaran -LRB- right -RRB- await their fate on what is infamously dubbed as ` Execution Island ' ` These Aussie blokes are going to be killed soon for a bit of daft drug smuggling -LRB- they 've done 10 yrs already -RRB- HELP ! ' Brand tweeted . Brand also encouraged his fans to attend an exhibition of Sukumaran 's work organised by his cousin who lives in London to be held at Amnesty International 's London headquarters today - April 13 . ` Come to this exhibition in East London next week - the artist is going to be executed in Indonesia in a month , ' he tweeted . Sukumaran is a talented artist who was mentored by well-known Australian artist Ben Quilty - who has also lead the charge in the mercy campaign to save the pair 's lives . Painting has proven a great sense of solace for Sukumaran over the past decade that he has spent in Kerobokan jail in Bali and has even run art classes for fellow inmates as part of the drug rehabilitation program that he set up with Chan . His cousin , Niranjela Karunatilake , last visited her cousin on death row in February . Sukumaran will turn 34 on Friday which is also exactly ten years since their arrest as a ringleader in the Bali Nine drug smuggling operation . Niranjela said it was : ' just too sad to think that could be his last birthday ' . ` The death penalty is never the answer and I do n't believe it deters crime , but in Myu 's case , when he has done so much to repent and improve prison conditions , it would be a real tragedy if his life was cut short , ' she said . ` We are not asking for Myu to be freed , all we ask is for mercy , that he keeps his life and continues his positive impact on the Indonesian prison system and other inmates . ' Brand said the Australians have already done a decade behind bars and did not deserve to face a firing squad . Brand also encourages his fans to attend an exhibition of Sukumaran 's work organised by his cousin who lives in London to be held at Amnesty International 's London headquarters today . Sukumaran is a talented artist , who was mentored by well-known Australian artist Ben Quilty , and ran art classes for fellow inmates as part of the drug rehabilitation program that he set up with Chan in Kerobokan . After losing a bid to challenge their clemency rejections in the state administrative court last Monday and as Jakarta waits on the legal efforts of a few other prisoners before setting an execution date , the pair 's Australian 's lawyers sought a constitutional court review to make clear the president 's obligations on considering clemency on Thursday - a process that could take several months . They also intend to challenge the barrier preventing foreign citizens from constitutional court appeals . However , Attorney-General HM Prasetyo has dismissed the challenge as delaying tactics and says he wo n't recognise it . Indonesian lawyer for the death row pair , Inneke Kusuma , told reporters the effort was not aimed at delaying the executions , but clarifying a prisoner 's rights .