Attack : Sam Barton , who has had £ 55,000 of cosmetic surgery to look like Joey Essex , was egged on Easter Monday -LRB- pictured -RRB- . ` Britain 's vainest man ' who had taxpayer-funded plastic surgery to look like reality star Joey Essex said today he is being bullied online by a gang who have now thrown eggs in his face . Sam Barton , who has had £ 55,000 of cosmetic surgery - including two operations on the NHS - believes the culprits tracked him down using his Facebook posts and then attacked him in the street . The 22-year-old says abuse online about his appearance also forced him to move house . On Easter Monday he was attacked by a group of men who pelted him with eggs from a car . Sam had been enjoying a drink in the Green House pub in Sutton Coldfield , West Midlands , when a group of men shouted abuse at him as he left . The yobs then hurled six eggs at him before speeding off - leaving him with yolk and shell running down his face on the pavement . Sam said he believed he had been targeted because he had ` checked in ' at the pub on Facebook minutes earlier . He said : ` It was quite a shock at first . I had just left the pub with two friends when I was suddenly pelted in eggs . ` There was shell in my hair and yolk dripping down my face . ` They shouted my name and swore at me as they drove past and threw eggs at me . ` They clearly did n't like me . It was not the kind of egg I was hoping to receive over the Easter holiday but after the shock had worn off I did have a laugh about it . ' Scroll down for video . Sam had been taking part in filming with Geordie Shore star Vicky Pattison on Saturday April 4 - just two days before he was attacked . Spending : Barton has spent £ 20,000 on treatment for his teeth , around £ 5,000 on Botox , £ 2,000 on waxing and £ 2,500 on tanning treatment . Two nose jobs have cost £ 10,400 , although one was free on the NHS . Pursuit of celebrity : Sam Barton has gone bankrupt financing plastic surgery and a champagne lifestyle to match his TOWIE heroes Joey Essex , together left , and Harry Derbidge , right . The pair spent the day being pampered at a beauty salon and then enjoying drinks in Birmingham for a reality show which will be aired on MTV . Debts : Barton admits he had debts of £ 100,000 on 15 credit cards and store cards trying to make it as a celeb . He also recently appeared on popular ITV show Judge Rinder to resolve a wrangle with a lapdancer friend over a Botox treatment row . Sam , who has spent £ 55,000 on perfecting his look , revealed in January he was going bankrupt after racking up debts of £ 35,000 on his Champagne lifestyle . Sam is the grandson of Aston Villa 's European Cup winning boss Tony Barton and is best friends with Benefits Street star White Dee . Fame-hungry Sam previously revealed he had spent £ 55,000 on reconstructive surgery and beauty treatments to turn himself into the ` perfect man . ' And he has amassed credit card debts of £ 25,000 in four years in search of the Joey Essex look that he hopes will make him a star . He has spent £ 20,000 on treatment for his teeth , around £ 5,000 on Botox , £ 2,000 on waxing and £ 2,500 on tanning treatment . Two nose jobs have cost £ 10,400 , although one was free on the NHS . He admitted spending an astonishing £ 100,000 in just four years , blowing up to £ 2,000 a night on £ 300 bottles of expensive fizz . Sam , who lives with mum Jackie , dad Chris and brother Ed in Sutton Coldfield , plunged into the red after spending a fortune on plastic surgery . He added : ` I 've spent around £ 55,000 trying to improve my looks and get the perfect image . ` The rest I 've spent on designer clothes , jewellery , holidays , spa treatment and champagne . ` In total , I have spent around £ 100,000 . At one point I counted 15 credit cards and store cards . ` I really do not regret it , I have had the time of my life over the last few years . ` My manager says this bankruptcy thing will clear my debts , so it 's basically free money is n't it ? ' Sam , who is best pals with Benefits Street 's White Dee , is now setting his sights on a place in the Big Brother house this summer .