The Justice Department said Tuesday it has opened a civil rights investigation into the death of Freddie Gray , a black man who suffered a fatal spinal-cord injury under mysterious circumstances after he was handcuffed and put in the back of a police van . Baltimore police officials , meanwhile , released the names of six officers who were involved in the arrest and the van transport of the 25-year-old and who 've been suspended pending an investigation . But the developments were cold comfort to hundreds of residents who on Tuesday evening took to the streets of West Baltimore to protest the police force in Gray 's name . Taking to the streets : Protestors again took to the streets of Baltimore on Tuesday to demonstrate against city police following the death of Freddie Gray , 25 . Federal investigation : The protets erupted just as the Justice department announced it had launched an investigation in the the 25-year-old 's mysterious death . Vigil : Rev. Jamal Bryant leads a rally outside of the Baltimore Police Department 's Western District police station during a march and vigil for Freddie Gray on Tuesday . A woman reaches for a lighter as she and other protestors light candles spelling out the name of Freddie Gray during a vigil at the intersection of Gray 's arrest . The protesters rallied site of Gray 's arrest and then marched to a police department a couple of blocks away , chanting and holding signs that read : ` Black Lives Matter ' and ` No Justice , No Peace ' - slogans that have come embody what demonstrators believe is widespread mistreatment of blacks by police . The crowd outside the Western District Police Station on Tuesday included 53-year-old Pricilla Jackson , carrying a sign reading , ` Convict Freddie 's killers . ' The sign lists the names of the six officers , who 've been suspended with pay . The suspended officers were identified as : . Freddie Gray died Sunday after he ` had his spine 80 percent severed at his neck ' during an arrest in Baltimore last Sunday . Also on Tuesday : City officials released the names of six cops who were involved in Gray 's arrest . They 've all been suspended with pay as the investigation continues . Protestors stand outside of the Baltimore Police Department 's Western District police station during a march and vigil for Freddie Gray . Gloria Darden , at center in hood , mother of Freddie Gray , leads a march with supporters to the site of Gray 's arrest . Rev. Jamal Bryant raises his hands as he speaks during a vigil and march for Freddie Gray . Hundreds of protestors march to the Baltimore Police Department 's Western District police station . Lt. Brian Rice , 41 , with the department since 1997 . Sgt. Alicia White , 30 , with the department since 2010 . Officer Caesar Goodson , 45 , who has been there since 1999 . Officers William Porter and Edward Nero and Garrett Miller , who all joined in 2012 . Police on horseback were helping to control the crowd and at least one person was detained - an activist who jumped past police barriers - as protesters filled a street the length of a city block . Gray was taken into custody April 12 after police ` made eye contact ' with him and another man in an area known for drug activity and the two started running , Baltimore police said . Gray was handcuffed and put in a transport van . At some point during his roughly 30-minute ride , the van was stopped and Gray 's legs were shackled when an officer felt he was becoming ` irate , ' police said . Protestors raise their fists and candles in solidarity on the streets of West Baltimore to protest the police force in Gray 's name . Children and adults alike gather to protest over the death of Gray , 25 , who died from spinal injuries on April 19 , one week after being taken into police custody . Rev. Jamal Bryant uses a megaphone as he speaks during a vigil and march for Freddie Gray . Protesters link arms as they participate in a vigil for Freddie Gray down the street from the Baltimore Police Department 's Western District police station . A protester holds up a sign which read : ` Black lives matter . Justice 4 Freddie ' Two people walk towards Baltimore Police Department 's Western District police station during the march while one holds a sign which says ` Justice 4 Freddie ' Police Commissioner Anthony Batts said that Gray asked for an inhaler , and then several times asked for medical care . He was eventually rushed by ambulance to a hospital . Gray died Sunday - a week after his arrest - of what Deputy Police Commissioner Jerry Rodriguez described as ` a significant spinal injury . ' Exactly how he was injured and what happened in the van is still not known . Justice Department spokeswoman Dena Iverson said investigators are ` gathering information to determine whether any prosecutable civil rights violation occurred . ' It 's not uncommon for federal investigators to look into allegations of excessive police force . Justice Department investigations in the last year include probes into the fatal shooting of an unarmed black 18-year-old in Ferguson , Missouri - a case that resulted in no charges against the officer - and an ongoing review of a police chokehold death of a New York City man . There 's a high threshold for bringing federal civil rights charges against police officers in such cases . Federal investigators must show an officer willfully deprived a person of his or her civil rights by using more force than the law allows , a standard that 's challenging in rapidly unfolding confrontations in which snap judgments are made . Three Baltimore Police Department officers stand behind a barrier while protestors gather nearby . Officers lined up to face the crowd while one protester held up a sign which read : ` Black lives matter ' Hundreds of residents took to the streets outside the Baltimore Police Department 's Western District station during the march and vigil . Police face the baying crowd who had joined together to protest for Gray , 25 , who died from spinal injuries on April 19 , one week after being taken into police custody . Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake -LRB- right , with Police Commissioner Anthony Batts -RRB- said that she is frustrated by the lack of answers given in the police report . In the Baltimore case , six police officers have been suspended with pay while local authorities also look into the death . The officers have been on the force anywhere from three years to 18 years . According to court documents , Officer Garrett Miller accused Gray of carrying a switchblade , which was discovered in Gray 's pocket after he was stopped . The lawyer for Gray 's family said he believes the police had no reason to stop him . ` They 've made concessions on lack of probable cause , ' attorney Billy Murphy said . ` Running while black is not probable cause . Felony running does n't exist , and you ca n't arrest someone for looking you in the eye . ' Kim Deachilla , a spokeswoman for the Baltimore Fraternal Order of Police Lodge 3 , said a law firm that contracts with the union is representing them . The officers ' specific roles in the arrest were not released by city officials . Bystander video of the arrest shows officers on bicycles , in patrol cars and outside the transport van . Batts said the reason for Gray 's stop is ` a question we have to dig into . ' Gray 's death has prompted daily protests and a vigil was planned Tuesday evening at the spot where he was arrested . About 100 people had gathered around the start of the rally . Video shows Gray screaming out in pain as he is taken to the van . Spectators thought he had broken legs though police said an autopsy showed he did not . In a video of the arrest , it appears the officers dragged Gray to a police van while he screamed out in pain . Gray died on Sunday morning at the University of Maryland Shock Trauma Center from his spinal injuries . Harold Perry , 73 , a retired small businessman who is nearly blind , said he heard the arrest through his bedroom window . A young man was screaming ` You 're hurting me ! Get your knee off my back , ' Perry said . He said he also heard the young man say , ` I 'm an asthmatic . ' In the bystander video , Gray is screaming , but it 's not clear what he is saying . Capt. Eric Kowalczyk , a department spokesman , said Batts met with all six officers involved in Gray 's arrest on Monday . The Baltimore Sun first reported the meeting . At a news conference Monday , officials vowed transparency and pledged to hold those found responsible accountable . Batts said the investigation will be completed by May 1 and the results will be sent to the state attorney 's office to determine whether criminal charges will be filed . Batts also said he is ordering that police review and rewrite ` effective immediately ' its policies on moving prisoners and providing them with medical attention . News crews meet protesters holding up homemade signs with slogans such as ` Black lives matter ' and ` Justice 4 Freddie ' Citizens and groups including Justice League of NYC took to the streets Monday to protest following the death of Gray . Justice League NYC organized a rally Saturday night at the Western District station where Gray was taken .