Borussia Dortmund have moved swiftly to secure Thomas Tuchel as the successor to Jurgen Klopp , after he announced he was bringing the curtain down on his seven-year stay at the club this week . Klopp is a popular character across football but has endured a difficult season at Dortmund , with the club embroiled in a relegation battle for much of the campaign before a minor resurgence in form led them into the top half of the Bundesliga . Four days after Klopp announced he believes he has taken the club as far as he can and is seeking pastures new , Dortmund have revealed Tomas Tuchel will take over in July on a three-year deal . Thomas Tuchel -LRB- left -RRB- will replace Borussia Dortmund manager Jurgen Klopp at the start of July . Klopp revealed on Wednesday he was leaving Dortmund at the end of the season after seven years . TUCHEL TREADS A SIMILAR PATH TO KLOPP . Like Klopp , the 41-year-old Tuchel carved a name for himself at German club Mainz . A year into Klopp 's tenure at Dortmund , Tuchel took over at the age of 36 and surpassed the achievements of his Dortmund predecessor , taking the club to two Europa League qualifications and their highest ever Bundesliga position of 5th . Tuchel is currently seeing out the final year of his Mainz contract through a year-long break from the game . Both Tuchel -LRB- left -RRB- and Klopp have been manager of Mainz before going on to Dortmund . Upon the resolution of last season , where Mainz qualified for Europe , Tuchel announced his surprise decision to step away from his duties as manager after four years at the club . But he is still contracted to the team and when the final year of his agreement expires he will bring his year-long break from football to a close by stepping up and taking the reigns at the Westfalenstadion on July 1 . HOW DOES HE PLAY ? Tuchel has a reputation as a cunning tactician , who enjoys attacking football and coerces the best from his players on the coaching field . In an interview with Bundesliga.com in March this year , he defined the style he looks to enforce in his teams . ` I prefer certain qualities , an active playing style , bold defending and pacy play in attack , ' Tuchel said . ` There 's definitely a style that 's been attributed to me , that we brought to the table at Mainz . ' GUARDIOLA ADMIRATION . In the same interview , Tuchel commended the work and achievements of Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola , the man he will now look to lock horns with as Dortmund manager . Tuchel has spoken of his admiration of Pep Guardiola 's management of Barcelona and Lionel Messi . Tuchel praised Guardiola 's management of Lionel Messi during his time at Barcelona and lauded his renowned meticulous approach . ` Outstanding , schematic use of the ball , brilliant individuals like Lionel Messi and top stars putting in the grittiest , most diligent defensive efforts I 've ever seen , ' Tuchel gushed of Pep 's Barca . ` I learned everything about the game - especially during Guardiola 's time at Barcelona . ' TUCHEL LINKED WITH NEWCASTLE . The German manager was strongly linked with Newcastle in January after the Premier League club tried to establish their plan following the departure of Alan Pardew to Crystal Palace . But no move ever materialised , most likely because of the delicate nature of the deal that is still in place with Mainz . Tuchel admitted that Spanish and English football is of interest to him but he wanted to return to management in Germany . HERMANN BADSTUBER AN INFLUENCE . Tuchel lists Hermann Badstuber , a youth coach at Stuttgart and the father of Bayern Munich defender Holger Badstuber , as his biggest influence as a coach . In an interview with Spox.com in September 2009 , six months after Badstuber 's death from cancer , Tuchel revealed how much he had shaped his coaching philosophy . Tuchel has a reputation for enforcing an attacking approach to his team 's style of play . Tuchel was linked with the manager vacancy at Newcastle United shortly after Alan Pardew left . ` I barely know any coach who brings so much knowledge in itself and at the same time allows as much lateral thinking and constantly questions , ' Tuchel said . ` He worked diligently and thereby remained modest . He very , very much influenced me professionally and personally . ' Tuchel and Badstuber crossed paths at Stuttgart , where they worked training youth sides , following Tuchel 's retirement as a player at SSV Ulm due to a persistent knee injury when he was 24 .