A mother-of-four calls herself the ` real life vampire ' as she has a rare medical condition that makes her allergic to the sun . Lorraine Valentine suffers from the rare disease erythropoietic protoporphyria -LRB- EPP -RRB- which causes her skin to burn and become unbearable itchy when she is exposed to sunlight or UV light . A holiday abroad left the 42-year-old in hospital for six days , as the heat caused her entire body to swell . Her sun allergy means she has to keep herself completely covered , as even a small dose of sun on her skin leaves her in pain . In summer , everyday tasks like picking her children up from school or going to buy some milk become extremely difficult . Lorraine Valentine , 42 , calls herself the ` real life vampire ' as she has a rare medical condition meaning she is allergic to the sun . Miss Valentine suffers from erythropoietic protoporphyria -LRB- EPP -RRB- which causes her skin to burn and become unbearable itchy when she is exposed to sunlight . Now , as temperatures in the UK are set to soar , she is desperate for a drug that can help her . Miss Valentine , of Bournemouth , said : ` It 's always worst when the sun first comes out because I have no time to adjust . ` I have to pull the curtains closed and have to have a fan on , as any heat is painful . ' She was first diagnosed with EPP , a rare blood condition which attacks the liver , when she was nine . The condition -- which is incurable - is caused by a build-up of a chemical called protoporphyrin in the blood . As blood passes through the skin , the protoporphyrin absorbs the energy from sunlight and this sets off a chemical reaction that can slightly damage surrounding tissues . The nerve endings in the skin interpret this as itching or burning pain , and it can also cause the tissues to swell up . For Miss Valentine , even tasks like going to the supermarket are painful , as UV light reflects up from the floor , burning her skin . EPP occurs when there is a build-up of a chemical called protoporphyrin in the blood . The skin is more sensitive to longer ultraviolet wavelengths -LRB- UVA -RRB- and to visible light . It is caused by a shortage of an enzyme in the body that normally converts the protoporphyrin into a substance called haem . As a result of this enzyme deficiency , protoporphyrin levels build up in the blood . As blood passes through the skin , the protoporphyrin absorbs the energy from sunlight and this sets off a chemical reaction that can slightly damage surrounding tissues . The nerve endings in the skin interpret this as itching or burning pain , and if the blood vessels are affected , they can leak fluid , causing swelling . The condition is hereditary and symptoms include developing tingling , itching and burning when exposed to sunlight . There is currently no cure . Source : British Skin Foundation . ` From March to November I completely cover up when I 'm going to pick up the kids , ' she said . ` When it 's boiling hot and I 'm wearing boots , jeans , a big cardigan , scarf and hat , I do get funny looks off the parents . ` They think I 'm a bit strange . ` I try and do normal things and not let it affect me . ' Her children . Chloe , 18 , Elisha 14 , Ben , 12 and Josh , 10 , are understanding , but the family lives very close to the beach and so Miss Valentine feels guilty she can not join them when the weather is good . She said : ` It was difficult for them growing up . ` When I was crying because I was in so much pain , they could n't even hold my hand . ` The slightest touch puts me in agony . ' ` They 're understanding , but the beach is just ten minutes away . I should be on the beach with the kids , but I ca n't . ` I 'm just trying not to get sunned on . ` Even driving somewhere , my arm is in pain from the sun coming through the window . ` I do n't know what I 'll do when it gets even hotter . ' In June last year , Miss Valentine decided to take her children on a summer holiday to Lanzarote , as she did n't want them to miss out on this right of passage . She bought special UV protection socks to block out sunlight , and booked an expensive apartment right near the pool . She hoped this would mean she could stay indoors if she needed , but could watch her children enjoy swimming . She found the only way she could enjoy the holiday was to stay indoors , emerging at night to go to the beach and explore the town in the dark . ` We went in June because I thought it would be less hot , but how wrong I was , ' she said . Last June , Miss Valentine went on a holiday to Lanzarote but was hospitalised for six days afterwards , as the sun irritated her skin . She must wait until the sun sets before going to the beach near her home -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Miss Valentine , pictured on holiday with her 10-year-old son Josh , said her children are ` understanding ' but when she is crying in pain they are unable to hold her hand , as any touch puts her in agony . ` Even though I stayed in the shade , I ended up being covered up and in pain wherever I went . ` I had to borrow a fan to sleep and spent most of the evenings in the toilets of the entertainment area putting cold water on my burning feet . ` The kids would give me the ice from their drinks to put on my feet . ' When they flew back a week later , her ordeal was n't over . She said : ` On the plane I cried , trying to sit there for four hours with the pain of the burns . I was in agony . ` I had the air hostesses get me ice in the end . I was in such pain , I was crying and so upset . ` I went through security and left the kids while I raced to get some cold water and some paper towels to try and ease the pain . Miss Valentine , pictured -LRB- left to right -RRB- with daughter Chloe , 18 , Ben , 12 , Josh , 10 and Elisha , 14 , is now fundraising for other sufferers of the disease . Five hours later , when the family landed in the UK , Miss Valentine was admitted to hospital . She was kept in for six days as her liver was n't functioning properly ; the condition can cause liver damage in severe cases . Now , she is running the London Marathon for British Porphyria Association to help raise funds for other sufferers of the disease . She is hoping an experimental drug called Scenesse will bring hope for her and other sufferers . The drug acts as an anti-oxidant and activates melanin in skin , providing a barrier between the skin and wavelengths of light that trigger the burning and itching . ` I 'll battle for this , ' she said . ` I 've suffered for so long and been through so much . There needs to be treatment available . '