More than 400 extra officers have been drafted in by British Transport Police with rivals Manchester United , Liverpool and Leeds United all in London this weekend . The force hare been faced with a unique set of circumstances and have acted swiftly to ensure they will be ready to deal with any flashpoints . United head to Stamford Bridge on Saturday to take on Chelsea in a 5 pm kick-off while Roses rivals Leeds are at Charlton Athletic for a 3 pm start . British Transport Police have drafted in 400 extra officers to help with crowds in London over the weekend . Liverpool take on Aston Villa at Wembley on Sunday with thousands of fans of both sides expected to descend on the capital 24 hours earlier . Sportsmail understands officers will be stationed on trains travelling down from the north and the Midlands . Extra officers will also be present at mainline and underground stations . Rivals Manchester United , Leeds and Liverpool will all be in the capital over the weekend . Chief Superintendent Paul Brogden , of British Transport Police -LRB- BTP -RRB- , said there would be a visible presence from his officers . ` With two FA Cup semi-finals at Wembley , and several other football matches taking place across London , this weekend is set to be a busy one for the transport network , ' he explained . ` The public can expect to see BTP officers at stations and onboard trains , ensuring everyone travels safely to and from the games . Trains can become busy during big sporting events such as this and we would urge fans to consider other passengers at all times . Officers will be stationed on trains travelling from the north and the Midlands ahead of the weekend . ` We will not tolerate intimidating or anti-social behaviour by those intent on spoiling the day for genuine supporters and the wider travelling public . BTP officers will deal robustly with anyone caught committing crime . ' This season has seen a number of high-profile incidents at stations and on trains . After the Capital One Cup Final in March a number of Chelsea fans were accused of racist behaviour on a service from London Euston to Manchester Piccadilly while Leeds United supporters were named as the worst offenders for causing problems on trains while United had the worst record in the Premier League .