A holidaymaker still has sickness issues , nine months after he first contracted food poisoning on holiday in Egypt . James Houlder and his girlfriend , Vicki Hood , had saved up for months for the sunshine break at the Sonesta Beach Resort in Sharm El Sheikh . But within just hours of arriving at the First Choice resort , which is described as five-star on its website , the couple say they became violently ill with sickness and diarrhoea and were barely able to leave their room . James Houlder fell ill while on holiday with his partner Vicki Hood last summer at the Sonesta Beach Resort in Sharm El Sheikh , and is still suffering nine months on . James , 30 , who works for a publishing company , has since developed Irritable Bowel Syndrome -LRB- IBS -RRB- , a digestive complaint which he admits can leave him in crippling pain with him sometimes needing the toilet several times an hour . Vicki , 22 , claims she too has been plagued by sickness including a kidney infection . The couple , who live just outside Norwich , had booked the break last summer and envisaged 10 days sunning themselves on the beach and scuba diving in the famous Red Sea . But instead James said : ` On the first night we got there in time for the end of dinner and that 's where it all started to go wrong . The next morning , after breakfast , we started to become violently ill . We had to take it in turns to use the bathroom . ` When we finally felt better a few days later we decided to eat at one of the resort 's a la carte restaurants . We thought it would be safer than the buffet but it just made us ill all over again . Mr Houlder took a photo of a piece of mouldy bread while he was on holiday in Sharm El Sheikh . ` We were both so ill we were crying . It was dreadful , the worst holiday ever . ` The rooms were dated and dirty and the staff were rude . ` It was like a holiday coming home . ' James claims they asked to get earlier return flights but were told it would cost them hundreds of pounds . After investing around £ 1,500 already in the all-inclusive deal , he says they were forced to sit it out in the blistering heat . And once at home James told how the health problems continued with IBS still causing him to take time off or away from work nine months on . He said : ` It 's sporadic , it 's not something that happens all the time , but equally it can come on without warning . One minute I 'm fine and the next I can be in agony . ` The other day I had to stop twice on the way to work to go to the toilet and it 's only a 20-minute drive . ` I 've been in situations where I 've been going many times an hour and trying to hide it . It 's awful and embarrassing . ' James says he was offered a £ 50 ` goodwill voucher ' but no apology from First Choice and has now instructed law firm Slater and Gordon to launch a civil case against the travel company , part of the TUI Group . A spokesperson for First Choice told MailOnline Travel : ` First Choice is sorry to hear of the couple 's experience during their holiday in Egypt . ` Our ultimate priority is the health , safety and comfort of all our customers and we operate stringent health and hygiene procedures in line with industry standards . ` As this case is now subject to legal proceedings it would be inappropriate for us to comment further . ' The Sonesta Beach Resort in Sharm El Sheikh will provide bad memories for James Houlder . Richard Duxbury , a specialist travel lawyer from Slater and Gordon , representing Mr Houlder , said : ` Mr Houlder and his partner paid a substantial amount of money to go on what they thought would be a relaxing getaway . ` Instead the holiday was ruined by entirely unacceptable hygiene standards which have left both of them still suffering the effects several months after returning home . ' MailOnline Travel has also contacted Sonesta Beach Resort , and is awaiting a response . James Houlder says numerous meals at the Sonesta Beach Resort made him and his partner sick . Alex Comley fell ill during a family holiday to the Sonesta Beach Resort in Egypt . EasyJet pilot Alex Comley , 33 , from Bracknell , Berks , booked a 10-day break to Sonesta Beach Resort in Sharm El Sheikh , Egypt last July with tour operator Thomson Holidays with his wife Louise , 36 , and two-year-old son Sebastian . However , the all-inclusive trip , which cost nearly £ 2,000 , was ruined only four days after they arrived when Alex was struck down by Salmonella at their four-star resort . He claims his illness became so serious that after returning home he needed medical treatment and was unable to return to work for EasyJet for more than a month . He said : ` We were all very excited about the trip abroad as it was the first family holiday since my son Sebastian was born . ` We had planned on doing so many ` firsts ' and really wanted Sebastian to have a wonderful time on his holiday and enjoy spending some real quality time together as a family . However the holiday turned into a nightmare . ' On the fourth day he woke up with crippling stomach pains and was in agony for the rest of the holiday , suffering with vomiting and diarrhoea . ` I have never been so unwell . I could n't be away from the toilet for any extended periods as I was so ill so I was basically trapped in a hotel room for nearly the entire time . ` I had only eaten in the hotel as it was an all-inclusive holiday , so I must have eaten something there to cause the problems . ' An appointment with the doctor on his return home apparently confirmed that he had contracted a serious strain of salmonella food poisoning and could n't return to his job for more than four weeks . Alex , who says he has n't received an apology from the firm , has instructed law firm Slater & Gordon to launch a legal case against Thomson Holidays . The case is ongoing . In a statement , Thomson Holidays said : ` We are sorry to hear of Mr Comley 's experience during his trip to Egypt . As this case is now subject to legal proceedings it would be inappropriate for us to comment further . ` The ultimate priority for Thomson is the health , safety and comfort of all our customers . We operate stringent health and hygiene procedures in line with industry standards . '