Teenagers across America got a very realistic simulation of a prom night drinking and driving crash and from the looks of their aghast faces it seems as though they learned their lesson . The Glasford school in Illinois hosted one of several simulations put on by the American Red Cross to educate students on the dangers of drunk driving . The staged event on Thursday used student actors playing accident victims and used real local police , fire and rescue personnel responding to the scene , reports The Journal Star . Scroll down for video . Hit close to home : Illini Bluffs High School senior Moriah Nau , center right , embraces classmate Jordan Lowe Thursday as they are both affected by the intensity of a simulated prom night fatal automobile accident . Playing dead : Illini Bluffs High School senior Alanni Young stands Thursday as American Red Cross Central Illinois Chapter employee Lisa Maynard adds a touch of realism before a simulated prom night accident . In attendance at the event and clearly troubled was an Illini Bluffs High School senior named Moriah Nau who wiped her tears away as she was embraced by her friend . Nau 's brother , Austin , died at age 17 in a 2011 non-alcohol-related automobile accident . Playing one of the injured students was Alanni Young who was sprayed with makeup that realistically looked like blood . Playing the drunk driver in a tuxedo was Illini Bluffs High School senior Sam Giftos who stumbled out of the vehicle with fake blood dripping down his face as beer cans lined the street . In the simulation , actual firefighters removed one of the injured passengers , senior Jule Hemp , in a stretcher and a neck brace . The Illinois high school was not the only one to host a drunken driving accident simulation this week . Very real : Beer cans litter the ground as Illini Bluffs High School senior Sam Giftos acts the role of the drunken driver involved in a fatal prom night accident Thursday in Glasford . Bloodied : Alanni Young prepares to simulate a fatal car crash on Thursday evening in Illinois . In a graphic staged performance on Wednesday at Massapequa High School in Long Island , students showed other students just what kinds of things could happen if a driver decides to drink before getting behind the wheel . A young man ran to the windshield of a crashed car where a ` dead ' woman was slumped over and covered in blood . The man in the tuxedo was playing the role of a drunk driver who rammed his car into another vehicle , injuring six others including his prom date . Realistic rescue : Firefighters remove senior Jule Hemp , playing the role of an injured passenger , from the simulated prom night fatal automobile accident at before high school students on Thursday . ` Thank God it 's not real , ' said Kelly Hastings , who played the dead woman , told CBS . ` I could n't imagine seeing a scene like that , although I could n't see it because I was participating in it . I just pray to God it never happens to anyone else . ' The drunken driving crash simulation did n't end at the collision . Real first-responders came to the scene with their sirens blasting . Fire trucks , ambulances , and even medevac helicopters took the actors playing victims away as though they were truly hurt . ` We 're actually showing first-hand what a motor vehicle accident looks like from start to finish , ' said Massapequa fire fighter Stuart Paolino . Injured victim : ` Thank God it 's not real , ' said Kelly Hastings , who played the dead woman , told CBS . The simulation was Paolino 's idea and he hopes it will scare teenagers out of drinking and driving . The man who played the drunk driver , Brian Bernhard , was escorted off the scene in handcuffs . Bernhard told CBS even though it was just a simulation , he felt absolutely terrified and hopes that no one has to go through a drunken driving arrest . ` It felt like the real thing , ' he said . ` It certainly , certainly was no joke ; very real . ' Students who witnessed the gruesome play acting were left with stunned expressions on their faces . It was a little scary to see what could actually happen , and it hit me , ' said Massapequa High School junior Jacob Liese . ` This simulation , along with consistent reinforcement of the importance of healthy choices , is an invaluable opportunity to positively impact our students in our fight against DWI and other destructive decisions , ' said Lucille F. Iconis , superintendent of Massapequa School District . ` We thank the Massapequa Fire Department , the Nassau County Police Department and our student actors for driving home such a powerful , life-saving message . ' Real responders : Actual rescue personnel take the teenage actors into ambulances and fire trucks .