Tragic : John Suchet -LRB- right -RRB- is in mourning after losing his wife Bonnie following her decade-long battle with dementia . Their relationship , he once said , was ` made in heaven ' . Yesterday John Suchet was in mourning after losing his wife Bonnie following her decade-long battle with dementia . A death notice in a national newspaper read : ` Bonnie died peacefully on April 15 2015 aged 73 . Adored wife of John , devoted mother of Alec and Hereward , mother-in-law of Peta-Jane , grandmother of Finn and Alexa . ' The broadcaster declined to comment , stating it was a ` private family matter ' , but fans took to social networking site Twitter to offer their condolences . Classic FM presenter Suchet , now 71 , has spoken openly about his wife 's diagnosis and the toll it took on their relationship , writing a book and becoming honorary president of the Dementia UK charity . In an interview with the Daily Mail 's Weekend magazine in September , Suchet appeared to confirm he was in a new relationship with a woman called Nula , who has featured in posts and holiday photographs he has shared on Twitter . Asked about the saddest time that shook his world , he replied : ` Watching my wife Bonnie suffer from dementia . Nula and I both have spouses in end-of-life care with dementia . They have no recognition , no bodily control , no dignity left , yet the priority is to keep them alive . We are kinder to animals . The Bonnie I remember no longer exists . ' In 2009 , he broke down on air on BBC Breakfast as he gave an account of his wife 's battle . He told presenters she was unaware she had the illness , or that he was on TV talking about it . He added that he sometimes had to beat up a cushion to deal with his frustration at the loss of their relationship . He has also said in the past that he wished she had been diagnosed with cancer rather than dementia , adding : ` I can not believe I 'm saying these words but it will give you some idea of how cruel this illness is . ' Bonnie Suchet -LRB- pictured with John -RRB- was described by her husband as ` the love of my life ' Suchet began to notice a difference in his wife 's behaviour in March 2004 , and she was diagnosed with dementia in February 2006 . In recent years Suchet , pictured with Bonnie -LRB- left -RRB- and -LRB- right -RRB- in 2013 , has been extremely open about his wife 's diagnosis , writing a book and becoming honorary president of the Dementia UK charity . For three years he cared for her by himself , keeping her condition secret from all but family and close friends . In one interview he admitted having ` suicidal moments ' , saying : ` There are times when I want to bury my head in my hands . When I persuade myself she would be better off without me . ' Suchet was married with children when he and Bonnie -- a glamorous American who reminded him of Grace Kelly -- became neighbours in Henley-on-Thames , Oxfordshire . She was also married with children . But the pair were unable to resist their mutual attraction , and while Suchet was working as US correspondent for ITN , Bonnie flew out for a secret meeting with him and they made a pact to be together . His marriage broke up shortly afterwards and Bonnie left her husband . He was 39 and she was 42 . He described her as ` the love of my life ' , saying : ` It was truly a grand passion . We had found each other . I never really thought of having an affair . We just wanted to be together for the rest of our lives and nothing was going to stop us . We shared everything . ' In 2010 , he revealed Bonnie had been moved to a residential home to be given better care , and described how he had been forced tell her they were going to a lovely hotel for the weekend . In 2009 Suchet was overcome as he told presenters how his wife had been unaware she had the illness , or that he was on TV talking about it . He said at the time : ` The worst thing about this wretched disease is that you behave as if the person has died . Yet I go and see her . She knows I am special and greets me with a hug and tears of joy . But does she know I am her husband ? I am not going to ask . Does she know she has dementia ? I do n't know , and I 'm not going to ask . ` She has never once asked the staff about me when I have gone . Again , that breaks my heart and makes me happy . Every emotion has a flip side with dementia . ' Suchet had given up work to care for Bonnie when he was forced to put her into the residential home , and so was at a loss when a call came from Classic FM . He said : ` It could not have come at a better time in my life . I needed to be helped to move on . It 's given me a reason to get up in the morning , it really has . ` The two important things are : what would Bon want for me ? And secondly , if I give in and wallow , then dementia has another victim , has n't it ? '