The world 's largest cattle station is for sale , and it 's larger than Israel . According to the ABC , the largest of the stations is Anna Creek Station in South Australia which covers an enormous 23,000 square kilometres . The eleven cattle farms cover over 100,000 square kilometres and are being sold by the family business S. Kidman and Co. . The world 's largest cattle station is for sale in Anna Creek South Australia and it 's bigger than Israel . It covers a huge 23,000 square kilometres and includes original stock and equipment . All of the farms include the original equipment as well as the stock which is a beneficial deal with the 11 properties currently have 155,000 branded cattle with 30,000 more calves on the way . Other stations for sale in Queensland include Durham Downs , Durrie , Glengyle , Morney Plains , Naryilco and Rockybank . Western Australia offers Innamincka , Macumba and Tungali in South Australia ; Helen Springs in the Northern Territory and Ruby Plains . ` This is a world class asset of international significance , ' rural valuer from Colliers International , Alex Thamm said . S. Kidman and Co are a family business with a headquarters is in Adelaide and have employed 170 staff . In total , the stations cover 100,000 square kilometres and have 155,000 cattle between them . ` With cattle prices , our trade agreements with Asia and the low Australian dollar , it is a very good time to be selling the Kidman business . ' Mr Thamm explains that an offer like this is extremely rare , especially since the business has been kept through generations of the same family . ` To offer this property , walk-in walk-out inclusive of the cattle , plant and equipment , and the business generally , is a good move in the market place , ' he said . S. Kidman and Co 's headquarters is in Adelaide and have employed 170 staff . The business produces 15,000 tonnes of beef a year which makes up 1.3 percent of Australia 's exports . The sale is being handled by Ernst and Young Adelaide .