A drug dealer who was facing a dilemma over how to transport $ 30,000 worth of meth decided to stuff into an Easter bunny and stick it in the mail . It was sniffed out by a police dog in Tulsa County , Oklahoma , and the intended recipient , Carolyn Ross , has now been arrested by police . When cops sliced open the bunny they found two condoms filled with the drugs . Scroll down for video ... Easter surprise : Tahlequah police said a package intercepted in Tulsa County contained an Easter bunny stuffed with $ 30,000 worth of meth . Jumpin ' jack ! Police say they got a tip and intercepted a package headed to a home in Tahlequah . On the hop : The investigation continues into whether there is more to this bunny-bound drug smuggling ring . Police were baffled over the decision to use a children 's toy to smuggle the stuff : . Tahlequah Police Chief Nate King said : ` The Easter Bunny I thought was a strange touch . Delivery : Police arrested Carolyn Ross who was looking out for the package to arrive . ` There were two condoms and meth stuffed inside the rabbit . It 's not the prize egg that we want in Tahlequah . ' The pound of meth has a street value of around $ 30,000 . ` We 've intercepted narcotics in the mail before , ' said Chief Nate King . Tahlequah police were alerted by Tulsa County deputies that the package was to be delivered to Ross 's home . ` We did n't know who at the home would receive the meth or if they knew what they were receiving , ' King said . One officer went to Ross 's home and posed as a delivery man . ` We got a plain white van , drove to the residence and served an anticipatory warrant on the resident , ' King said to WFTV . Officials said that Ross confessed to knowing the drugs were in the mail . She said she was supposed to redistribute them to someone else . Ross is being held at the Cherokee Detention Center on $ 75,000 bond . Discovery : A hole was cut into the bottom of the rabbit and police found quite the surprise waiting inside . There were two condoms and meth stuffed inside the rabbit . Pricey stuff : The pound of meth has a street value of around $ 30,000 . Strange find : ` The Easter Bunny I thought was a strange touch , ' Tahlequah Police Chief Nate King said .