Promposals are the big trend in high school proms as teens think up progressively more outlandish ways to ask each other to the biggest dance of the year . They are so big , in fact , that students this year will likely spend of a third of their prom budgets on the elaborate new ritual , according to a new survey . With budgets for outfits , flowers , transportation , food and other sundries at around $ 1,000 for the average American high schooler , that means most intend to spend $ 324 on the once-simple query : Will you go to prom with me ? Pricey promposals : Students this year will likely spend of a third of their prom budgets on the elaborate new ritual of promposals , according to a survey of 3,000 people conducted by Visa . That 's according to a survey from Visa , which asked 3,000 people aged 18 or older what they expected to shell out for the prom and on what . For a primer on promposals , see previous years ' winners of most outrageous -LRB- and viral -RRB- prom proposals . In 2012 , Matthew Ho from Toronto promposed to his girlfriend , Tina , with 1,500 pink helium balloons and a sign that read , ` Tina , will you go to prom with me ? ' His stunt attracted a crowd in the hallway , giving the blindfolded Tina an audience when the stunt was finally revealed . It 's unclear what the cost of these hockey pucks was , but the average American high schooler could spend over $ 300 just asking his or her date to the yearly dance . In 2012 , Matthew Ho from Toronto promposed to his girlfriend , Tina , with 1,500 pink helium balloons and a sign that read , ` Tina , will you go to prom with me ? ' His stunt attracted a crowd in the hallway , giving the blindfolded Tina an audience when the stunt was finally revealed . Some students have even rented plane banners to pop the prom question - at a starting cost of $ 1,000 in the New York area . ` It started last year -- I 've been in the business six years , and we had never sold a prom banner before then , ' explained Remy Colin of Aerial Messages in Daytona Beach , Florida . At John B. Alexander High School in Laredo , Texas , senior student Isaac Garza asked his best friend , Kristelle , to prom in dramatic pre-planned chase scene with the school . Dressed in a tuxedo , and running into a packed assembly hall where Kristelle was waiting , unaware of what was going on , Mr Garza performed a rendition of Heath Ledger 's famous scene in Ten Things I Hate About You , singing Lauren Hill 's Ca n't Take My Eyes Off of You . Arresting : Palmdale , California student Davyeon was ` arrested ' in his lunchroom thanks to prom date Stephanie . No word on how much she bribed the officer who cuffed him . Not always pricey : Mike Ramirez , student at Crosby High School in suburban Houston , managed to get Texans cheerleader Caitlyn to go to the prom with him by getting 10,000 retweets . Jamie Vandenberg from Ontario , Canada , promposed to his girlfriend Madison Dillion using a fake pop quiz that his teacher distributed at the beginning of class . As students reached question three , where Mr Vanenberg laid out statistical quandaries to Miss Dillon 's yes or no answer , they realized their probability questionnaire was a ruse . When student Taylor Huestis opened her locker , 456 ping pong balls , all with ` prom ' written on them , fell onto the floor . Huestis ' boyfriend had planned the stunt for days , enlisting the help of her friends ; his sign read ` I finally had the balls to ask you to prom ! ' Visa 's prom survey also revealed some interesting regional and economic disparities . This year , Canadians plan to spend $ 508 overall on prom of which $ 151 will be on promposal , compared to $ 919 overall for U.S. families . Dads plan to outspend moms by 63 % , $ 1160vs . $ 710 . The Northeast took the spending crown and the Midwest continued its reputation for thrift : . Source . h/t CBS News .