After almost 70 years working in the gossip and entertainment industry , legendary writer and columnist Liz Smith is naming names . The 92-year-old , who started her career in New York City when she was just 25 , is sharing a few big scoops that were too scandalous to print over the course of her storied career at papers including the New York Post and New York Daily News . What 's more , many of those whose secrets Smith is spilling are from her closest friends , including Barry Diller , who she claims asked her over 20 years ago : ` Do you think I should come out ? ' Scroll down for videos . Liz Smith is spilling celebrity secrets that she never printed over the course of her 70 year career . Smith claims IAC chairman Barry Diller asked her in 1992 : ` Do you think I should come out ? ' but that he ` worships ' his wife Diane Von Furstenberg -LRB- above -RRB- . Smith tells The Hollywood Reporter that this conversation came in the wake of David Geffen , another high profile executive , revealing he was gay in 1992 . The gossip columnist claims she advised Diller , the chairman of media company IAC , against it , telling him ; ` No , Barry , David Geffen needs to come out . He needs a big story or a scandal or a fight to push him in business and make people afraid of him . ' She then added ; ` People are already afraid of you . So what will you gain ? And also , you like women . ' The ` women ' Smith was referring to is actually just woman : famed fashion designer and creator of the wrap dress , Diane von Fürstenberg , whom Smith says Diller ` worships . ' Now seen by many as the quintessential New York couple , the pair married in 2001 , and are constantly seen out together , though they maintain separate residences.They have been together since the 1970s . She lives above her flagship store in the city 's trendy Meatpacking District , while he is very much uptown with a residence at the posh Carlyle Hotel . Diller did not respond to a request for comment . Barbara Walters -LRB- above -RRB- was a good friend claims Smith , but lost interest in the gossip writer when her newspaper column at the New York Post was cut . Smith , a lesbian , has been with her partner Iris Love -LRB- above -RRB- for years . This outing of Diller comes as a bit of a surprise , especially after Smith herself was outed by New York publicist Bobby Zarem , who once mailed invitations to members of the media and Social Register alike announcing that she and longtime partner Iris Love were tying the knot . ` It was more of an annoyance than anything . People sent me gifts that I had to return , ' she says . ` He hated me for some reason , but he could n't take me down . I was too popular by then . ' Smith previously teased a planned coming out by Rosie O'Donnell , who Smith says ` loses her temper at everything , ' in 1997 . Ultimately , the talk show host decided against making her sexuality public at that time . This created a very big stir as many began to assume it was Oprah Winfrey who would be announcing she was a lesbian . The rumors became so prevalent following Smith 's blind item that Winfrey eventually did publicly come out - as heterosexual . It seems Smith also has somewhat tense relationships with even her closest friends , including iconic television news journalist Barbara Walters . ` Well , it turns out Barbara Walters can do without me , though I still consider her a friend , ' reveals Smith . ` She has done so much for me through the years . But when I lost my column and my power , she kind of lost interest in me . ' Smith says that two of her closest friends were former Texas Governor Ann Richard -LRB- left -RRB- and Broadway legend Elaine Stritch -LRB- right -RRB- . Smith has a few Hollywood friends , among them Renee Zellwegger , Helen Mirren and Winfrey - but it is three women who are no longer alive that she seems to have been closest to . Elizabeth Taylor and Smith became friends at the beginning of their respective careers . Smith , who says she ` loved ' Taylor , also became close with the actress ' longtime partner Richard Burton , and she credits that relationship and the access it allowed her with helping to catapult her career . ` They trusted me and eventually I became the only journalist who could get to them , ' said Smith of the pair . Her other two lifelong pals were Texas Governor Ann Richard , who Smith said ` elected herself to be my best friend , ' and Broadway legend Elaine Stritch . Smith reveals that Stritch , who passed away in 2013 , was just as chaste as she has always claimed to be in her younger years . In fact , when Stritch was with Marlon Brando , he told Smith : ` Liz , Elaine just keeps letting me kiss her but she wo n't go any further . ' Smith then relayed this message to her friend , adding of men : ` They are n't satisfied with just kissing . So you have to stop being a prude or just end it . ' None of her relationships however may be more interesting then the one she shares with fellow New Yorker Bette Midler , and which began when the young singer called her up to let her know how upset she was that Smith had revealed she was dating an up and coming artist Barry Manilow . ` She called me up , furious , saying , `` I do n't want to be in your f *** ing column ! '' Which was an odd thing to hear from someone just starting a career in show business , ' says Smith . The two are now so close now that Midler used her pull as founder of the New York Restoration Project , a non-profit committed to revitalizing neighborhood parks , to name a city park in Harlem after Smith . Smith 's pal Bette Midler -LRB- above -RRB- used her pull to get a New York City park named after the writer . And while that is all well and good , Smith is still a little steamed from what she perceives as one very major slight . ` I was never asked to be a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame , ' she says . ` For 50 years , I 've done as much for Hollywood as anybody . I 'm disappointed Hollywood did n't love me enough to recognize that . ' Smith has also had her share of enemies , something that no doubt comes with the territory when reporting gossip , but it is a famed society woman who truly rubbed the writer the wrong way . Lee Radziwill , known by most as the sister of Jackie Kennedy Onasis but some as the mother-in-law of Real Housewives of New York star and author Carole Radziwill , landed on Smith 's bad side when she refused to help their friend Truman Capote after he was taken to court by Gore Vidal . Capote had claimed Vidal was asked to leave the White House due to his drunken behavior , and Vidal , who spent most of his early years at war with Capote , sued him for libel . Radziwill had shared the story with Capote , one of her closest friends , but refused to acknowledge that during the trial . Making matters worse , Capote ended up losing the lawsuit . As for Radziwill , her response to it all was ; ` Oh , Liz , what do we care ; they 're just a couple of f ** s ! They 're disgusting . ' Smith claims she never spoke to her again . Smith names Lee Radziwill -LRB- left with sister Jackie Kennedy Onasis -RRB- as one of her least favorite people after she called their friend Truman Capote -LRB- right -RRB- a ` fag ' The current crop of Hollywood stars are also of little interest to Smith , save Taylor Swift . She compares the singer to Lana Turner , but quickly adds she has no interest in hearing her music catalog . As for regrets , the woman who has broken some of the most scandalous stories of this decade says their is one thing she wishes she had been better about - managing her money . This despite the fact that she at one point was taking home over a million dollars a year . ` Yeah , but a million goes quicker than you think , ' says Smith .