Even when the cricket is torpid and the scoring rate is barely more than two an over , life with England will never be dull while Ben Stokes is around . Stokes was at the centre of everything on a hard-fought first day of the second Test as England strove to set up the victory that is essential to their wellbeing . First the Durham all-rounder injured himself , then he struck immediately when he came on to bowl and finally became embroiled in a heated dispute with Marlon Samuels that led to him being admonished by umpire Steve Davis . All in a day 's work for a gifted cricketer who looks destined to endure as many lows as he does highs in what is shaping up to be an eventful career . Stokes athletically fields a shot from Samuels off his own bowling at the Grenada National Stadium in Saint George 's . Australian umpire Steve Davis reprimands England 's Ben Stokes after he exchanged words with Marlon Samuels . Stokes went wicketless in 32 overs in the first Test , even throwing away a dismissal for the second time by overstepping , and ended up in a strident Twitter debate with his critics . Here he slipped on the greasy outfield and twisted his body in a manner that had anyone who saw Simon Jones suffer serious injury in Brisbane in 2002 holding their breath . Thankfully Stokes was able to continue after treatment but was still feeling the injury when he came on to bowl , with England battling for the wickets they desperately needed to justify Alastair Cook 's decision to insert West Indies . It clearly did not hinder him . Stokes struck with his second ball , forcing Shiv Chanderpaul to steer loosely to point and open the door for England to take command of this Test and the series . Kraigg Brathwaite is first to fall as James Anderson bowls the West Indies opener with a massive in-swinger . Ben Stokes races in to celebrate with Anderson after the opening bowler makes the breakthrough with a sensational delivery . Anderson 's 84mph huge in-swinger bamboozled Brathwaite -LRB- left -RRB- and the batsman falls over having played a line way outside off stump . Replays show Devon Smith clearly misses the ball before being dismissed caught behind off Chris Jordan . Smith declines his option to review the decision which would have likely been reversed with HotSpot not available in this Test series . Smith is given out as England players celebrate their second wicket of a rain-shortened first session . It was just what Cook needed from a gifted but raw all-rounder who seemingly will always flirt with the self-destruct button but who has the ability to become a key figure in England 's future . When he scored an Ashes century in the most difficult of circumstances in Perth he was a rare ray of light in a lamentable series and looked destined to bat at No 6 for England and act as an attacking fourth seamer for the next 10 years . Yet just a few months later he was putting himself out of the World Twenty20 by punching a locker in frustration in Barbados at the start of a nightmare run of form with both bat and ball for England . It did not get any better when Stokes regained fitness and he was so out of touch that England , having moved him up and down the batting order , left him out of their doomed World Cup campaign . Now he is back he should become a fixture but already , with Moeen Ali returning after injury , he has lost his No 6 position again despite impressing in Antigua by taking the attack to West Indies . There were times on Tuesday night when Bayern Munich seemed to be scoring at a faster rate than West Indies . This was a day for the purist , a stultifying example of modern-day Caribbean cricket where there is far more life in the stands than in the pitches . Bayern may have hit six in the Champions League but there was never any danger of a six being hit in the 70 overs that were possible here . The atmosphere was made for swing bowling but the 22 yards of dirt masquerading as a cricket pitch did not assist the England attack one bit . It was Jimmy Anderson , fresh from breaking Sir Ian Botham 's record to become England 's leading wicket-taker in Test cricket , who began the day by producing an unplayable inswinger to demolish Kraigg Brathwaite . At that stage English hopes were high that Anderson would run through West Indies . Sadly for them it was not that simple . England were helped by a couple of Caribbean rushes of blood , but Devon Smith for one can justifiably feel very hard done by . The first Grenadian to play Test cricket on his home island was given out by Australian umpire Davis for what seemed a regulation edge after Smith had played a wild shot at Chris Jordan . Trouble was , replays showed Smith was nowhere near it and the sound that both Davis and presumably he heard was his bat hitting the ground . A review would have surely led to Smith 's reinstatement even though there is no HotSpot or Snicko here to attempt to provide conclusive proof of an umpiring mistake . But Smith did not call on technology . Neither Darren Bravo nor Chanderpaul will be happy with the strokes that cost them their wickets and at 74 for four West Indies were teetering . Yet Samuels , despite being dropped by Cook off Jordan on 32 , and Jermaine Blackwood made life hard again with the help of that annoying 22 yards of turf . Jordan celebrates his first wicket of this match , Devon Smith , as the West Indies went to lunch 36 for two . West Indies batsman Jermaine Blackwood leaps as he avoids a bouncer from the bowling of Anderson . Marlon Samuels flashes a drives through the covers which Alastair Cook has no interest in being collected by as he jumps out of the way . Samuels hits Moeen Ali , who came in for James Tredwell , through the covers as Cook leaps out of the way . Umpire Davis had another uncomfortable moment when he ruled Blackwood not out when Jordan , who would have been the man to miss out had England plumped for a second spinner here in Adil Rashid , appealed loudly for lbw . England decided to review and the ball was found to be hitting . But Cook 's miss of Samuels began to look costly when he opened his shoulders in partnership with Denesh Ramdin after taking 141 balls to reach 50 . The calm was broken when Samuels , who has a far better record against England than any other team and names Nasser Hussain as his ultimate batting hero , wound up Stokes , who had been sledging him constantly . It ended with Stokes throwing wildly in an attempt to run out Samuels and conceding overthrows . The spiky Jamaican ended unbeaten on 94 with West Indies reaching 188 for five on a truncated day . Darren Bravo got a start of 35 from 81 balls before he was caught at first slip by Cook off the bowling of Broad to put the Windies 65-3 . Bravo shows his frustration after edging a routine delivery from Broad outside off stump , which followed some loose bowling . England celebrate the key wicket of West Indies most experienced batsman Shivnarine Chanderpaul cheaply for one . Cook is on his hands and knees after dropping a catch from the edge of Marlon Samuels , who put up the greatest resistance for the hosts . Samuels finds himself on his back after a bouncer from Stuart Broad , who was criticised for bowling too short on day one . Stokes overcame an injury scare after falling awkwardly but required a period of treatment from the England medical staff on the field .