A waitress has revealed how the New Zealand Prime Minister had repeatedly given her unwanted attention while she was working at a cafe in Auckland frequented by him and his wife . Published on The Daily Blog on Wednesday , the anonymous woman has recounted how John Key kept playfully pulling her hair despite being told to stop during election time last year . However Mr Key defended his pranks as ` a bit of banter ' and said he had already apologised for his actions , Stuff.co.nz reports . A waitress has revealed how the New Zealand Prime Minister had repeatedly given her unwanted attention while she was working at a cafe in Auckland frequented by him and his wife Bronagh -LRB- pictured together -RRB- . The waitress had reportedly been working at a cafe called Rosie -LRB- pictured -RRB- in Parnell , east of Auckland . The waitress - believed to be working at a cafe called Rosie in Parnell , east of Auckland - wrote about she how made it very clear that she was unimpressed by Mr Key 's gestures . ` He was like the school yard bully tugging on the little girls ' hair trying to get a reaction , experiencing that feeling of power over her , ' she wrote on the blog . Mr Key kept being persistent with his hair-pulling antics , despite being told by his wife Bronagh to stop . After dealing with the practical jokes over the six months he had visited the cafe , the waitress finally lost her cool . ` As he made his way out the door I said after him `` Please STOP or I will actually hit you soon ! '' , ' she wrote . ` Everybody knew that I did n't like it , I really did n't like it . I felt powerless and tormented and I stepped out the back and I cried frustrated tears . ' The anonymous waitress wrote how Mr Key kept being persistent with his hair-pulling antics , despite being told by his wife Bronagh to stop . But Mr Key defended his pranks as ` a bit of banter ' and said he had already apologised for his actions . Key , who is en route to the Anzac ceremony in Gallipoli , told reporters he has a very ` warm and friendly relationship ' with staff at the cafe . ` When I realised she took offence by that I just sort of immediately went back , gave her some wine , apologised and said I was terribly sorry , ' he said according to Stuff.co.nz . ` It was all in the context of a bit of banter that was going on , and so obviously I immediately apologised for that . ` She thanked me for that and said `` that 's all fine , no drama '' . '