The federal government is looking to take a hard line with parents who choose not to vaccinate their children . Under ground breaking reforms , Social Services Minister Scott Morrison will reportedly scrap a provision that allows parents who do n't vaccinate their children to claim welfare benefits , including $ 726 from Family Tax Benefit A , $ 7,500-a-year from childcare rebate and $ 200-a-week from the childcare benefit scheme . Scroll down for video . The government are about to annouce reforms that will strip parents of welfare benefits if they do n't immunise their kids . Newscorp reported that Prime Minister Tony Abbott will announce the reforms alongside Mr Morrison on Sunday with the changes coming into full effect in January 2016 . The controversial change could put millions of dollars back into the federal government 's pocket . The way the system works now , children must be immunised to access childcare payments , however , a ` contentious loop hole ' means parents can avoid loosing their benefits by simply signing a form that says they object to immunisation based on ` personal , philosophical or religious ' reasons . Mr Morrison recently said the rules around welfare payments need to be ` tightened ' and that while immunising children against deadly diseases protects the wider society , it should be a prerequisite to receive tax payer money . ` We 've got to think about the health and well-being of all the other children that are put at risk , and it 's their health that also matters ' ` We 've got to think about the health and well-being of all the other children that are put at risk , and it 's their health that also matters , ' he said . ` And in fact , you know , those parents have taken decisions to immunise their children , and that 's obviously the sensible thing to do . We 're a free country , and we 're for free society , but that does n't mean you get to take taxpayers ' money if you do n't want to go along with the rules . ' While doctors and pro-vaccination groups are tipped to welcome the reforms as a way to increase the number of children being vaccinated , some immunisation experts are worried the move wo n't bolster immunisation rates . Currently around 39,000 children under the age of seven are not vaccinated . Currently around 39,000 Australian children under the age of seven are not vaccinated putting them at risk of catching severe diseases . Labor leader Bill Shorten 's support will be vital to get the changes through the Senate however he has already indicated there will be bipartisan support for the harsh provisions . He reportedly wrote to the Prime Minister on Friday expressing his concerns over the loophole . Riley Hughes died at just 32 days old after suffering complications arising from whooping cough . These reforms come amid rising concerns about whooping cough outbreaks that have devastated small communities where many children remain unvaccinated . The heartbroken parents of a beautiful four-week-old baby boy who died after contracting whooping cough have appealed to other parents to make sure they get themselves and their children immunised against the deadly disease . Greg and Catherine Hughes , from Perth , set up a Facebook page to honour their son Riley Hughes after he ` passed away peacefully in the arms of his mummy and daddy ' at 2 pm on March 17 , aged just 32 days . ` Our greatest desire out of our own personal tragedy is to stop parents from having to endure the heartache of preventable childhood deaths , ' Riley 's dad Greg wrote on the Facebook page Light for Riley . The newborn , born on February 13 , died in Perth 's Princess Margaret Hospital as a result of pneumonia-based complications arising from whooping cough . Whooping cough is part of the routine vaccination schedule for babies at two months , four months and six months of age . Booster doses are given at 4 years and 10-15 years . The reforms come amid rising concerns about whooping cough outbreaks that have devastated small communities where many children remain unvaccinated . Infectious Diseases Expert at ANU Medical School Canberra , Sanjaya Senanayake , told Daily Mail Australia : ` From my point of view immunisation is wonderful particularly for whooping cough . ' He explained infants are ` at a high risk of dying if they get infected ' and that the death rate from whooping cough in infants under 6 months of age is about 1 per cent . The Department of Health said vaccinations protect more than 95 per cent of children from measles , mumps , rubella , tetanus , polio and Hib , given they finish their courses . ` One dose of meningococcal C vaccine at 12 months protects over 90 per cent of children . Three doses of whooping cough -LRB- pertussis -RRB- vaccine protects about 85 per cent of children who have been immunised , and will reduce the severity of the disease in the other 15 per cent if they do catch whooping cough . '