World No 1 Novak Djokovic has apologised to the startled ball boy caught in the crossfire of a tirade at his support team during his win over Andy Murray in Sunday 's Miami Open final . Djokovic lost his cool at the end of the second set as Murray came back to take the match to a decider but has since expressed his regret at the incident in a video posted on Facebook . During the rant , Djokovic snatched a towel from the shocked youngster before umpire Damien Dumusois gave him a code violation for the outburst , saying it ` did n't look good ' as he sat down between the change of ends . Novak Djokovic issued an apology via Facebook to a ball boy he frightened during the Miami Open . Djokovic shouted at his backroom team after he lost the second set of the final to Andy Murray . The world No 1 grabbed a towel from the ball boy -LRB- right -RRB- who seemed startled by the loud confrontation . He said : ` It 's probably been the best start to a season aside from 2011 that I had in my career , and I ca n't be more grateful for all the support I 'm getting from you guys and I 'm enjoying my time playing and competing and hopefully I brought a smile to your faces . ` Also I want to reflect on a bad moment that happened in the final against Andy when I lost the second set . I yelled to my camp and my box in frustration . ` I saw the replay . Unfortunately a ball boy was in the middle of it and I really , really feel sorry and regret that he was there . There was absolutely no intention whatsoever to hurt him or scare him in any kind of way . I sincerely hope he forgives me . I really apologise . ' Djokovic then extended his apology to the boy 's parents . ` I do care about children a lot right now and I look at it in a much different way , ' he added . ` So I want to apologise to his parents for this situation as well . As a father I would n't wish that something like this happens to my son . The youngster was standing between Djokovic and his backroom team during the heated exchange . ` Again I sincerely hope you can forgive me and that we can move on . Unfortunately sometimes the emotions get the better of you . ` Also times as a professional athlete you learn how to control them and how to stay composed and mentally strong . But on a hot day like this when Andy was playing well and pushing all my buttons it was n't easy . ' Djokovic was feeling the pressure after Murray fought back from a first set tie-break loss to win the second set in the blazing heat of Key Biscayne , Florida . But the outburst seemed to take Djokovic to another level as he rolled Murray 6-0 in the third to claim his fifth Miami Open title . Djokovic raises his arms after claiming victory over Murray 7-6 4-6 6-0 in the Miami Open final on Sunday . Djokovic hams it up with the Butch Buchholz trophy on the beach at Key Biscayne after his win in Florida . Djokovic kisses the tophy for the title he 's now won five times after beating Murray , who is now world No 3 . Djokovic relaxes on a pebble beach with his dogs Pierre and Tesla following his win in Miami .