Nicola Sturgeon tonight warned Ed Miliband he will not be able to pass a Labour Budget unless he agrees to SNP demands - despite the Labour leader 's claim that he would not do any deals . The Scottish First Minister talked up her chances of being Westminster 's king-maker following next week 's election , with polls still pointing to another hung parliament . Mr Miliband tonight ruled out a formal deal with the resurgent Nationalists , but a vote-by-vote arrangement remains on the table . Scroll down for video . Nicola Sturgeon faced questions from a studio audience at BBC Scotland in Glasgow this evening - immediately after the three main Westminster party leaders faced off in Leeds . Miss Sturgeon 's comments came just days after her predecessor Alex Salmond was caught boasting : ` I 'm writing Labour 's Budget . ' The SNP wants to end the Tory-Lib Dem austerity programme and delay plans to balance Britain 's books by spending an extra £ 140billion over the lifetime of the next parliament . Miss Sturgeon believes the coalition 's fixed term parliaments legislation will strengthen the SNP 's hand . It means general elections are held on a fixed timetable every five years , and makes it much harder for an election to happen at other times . Two-thirds of MPs now have to back an earlier election , and governments can lose votes on Budgets , Queen 's Speeches and other key legislation without it being seen as a vote of no confidence and triggering an election . ' -LSB- Mr Miliband -RSB- will not be able to get policies through without winning support from other parties , ' she said last night in a Question Time-style programme on BBC Scotland . ` He wo n't get his Budget through unless he compromises . ' The Scottish First Minister talked up her chances of being Westminster 's king-maker following next week 's election , with polls still pointing to another hung parliament . Ms Sturgeon 's remarks come after the former home secretary David Blunkett admitted that Labour could not win a majority because of the SNP surge in Scotland . He said : ` We have a situation where Labour could win literally scores of seats in England and Wales and see themselves unable to offer a majority Labour government because of what 's happened in just one part of the United Kingdom . ' Mr Miliband tonight insisted he would not do any deals with the SNP - and claimed he would rather not form a government than team up with Ms Sturgeon 's party . The Labour leader 's hopes of outright victory on May 7 have been shattered by an extraordinary surge in support for the SNP since the referendum in September saw Scots reject independence . Labour leader Ed Miliband , speaking in tonight 's special BBC Question Time , said he would rather not be Prime Minister than make a deal with the SNP . David Cameron , appearing on the special BBC programme first , said he only needed 23 seats to win a majority . Ms Sturgeon , who replaced Alex Salmond after the No vote , has vowed to use her gains in the election to ` lock ' the Tories out of power and prop up a Labour administration . An Ipsos Mori poll for STV News found support for the nationalists at 54 per cent while Scottish Labour had slipped to 20 per cent . Mr Miliband sought to dismiss the idea that he would be propped up by the SNP : ` We are not going to do a deal with the Scottish National Party . ` If it meant we would not be in government . then so be it . I 'm not going to give in to SNP demands - whether that is on Trident or on the deficit . We do want to put forward a Labour Queen 's speech . ' But Ms Sturgeon said : ` If we have a big team of SNP MPs we can exercise real clout on behalf of Scotland , but we can also build alliances with others in other parts of the UK to get more progressive policies because I think Westminster needs shaken up for everybody . ' She added : ` In the House of Commons now ... you can defeat governments , you can change the direction of governments without bringing governments down . ` That gives the opposition parties enormous clout . ` Now I know that David Cameron and Ed Miliband are clinging to the pretence that one of the other of them is going to get a majority , but all the polls say -- and everybody else knows -- they 're not . ` And after the votes are counted , they 're frankly going to have to wake up and smell the coffee and respect the outcome of the election . ' David Cameron faced a series of tough questions from the Yorkshire audience at the BBC Question Time programme hosted by David Dimbleby -LRB- left -RRB- . Labour leader Ed Miliband faced a series of brutal questions over Labour 's economic record - but insisted the party had not spent too much . The SNP has declared it will never support the Conservatives in a hung Parliament , but is ready to do a deal with Labour , even if it finishes in second place . It would be the first time since 1924 that a second-placed party had formed a government . Earlier this month , secret video footage of Mr Salmond raised new fears about the Nationalists holding the balance of power at Westminster after May 7 . At a fundraising event in the Highlands filmed on April 13 , Mr Salmond , who is bidding to return to the Commons , is heard mocking Labour after Chuka Umunna , Shadow Business Secretary , had slapped down Scottish Labour leader Jim Murphy and said : ` The leader of the Scottish Labour party will not be in charge of the UK budget . ' Mr Salmond joked to the audience : ` But then I knew that already , because I 'm writing the Labour party budget . ' Mr MIliband has insisted Labour will be writing its own Budget .