US authorities suspected that a British man accused this week of causing the 2010 ` flash crash ' was making illicit trades back in 2009 it 's been revealed , with experts expressing shock that it took six years for charges to be brought . Navinder Singh Sarao , 36 , is accused of making £ 26million from illegal trades over five years and an investigation team involving six agencies in the US and Britain want him put on trial in New York . But analysts are bewildered that it 's taken this long for action to be taken . US authorities suspected that British man Navinder Singh Sarao -LRB- circled -RRB- accused this week of causing the 2010 ` flash crash ' was making illicit trades back in 2009 . US prosecutors believe Mr Sarao used special computer software to manipulate the market on Wall Street . ` Flash crash ' : Sarao is accused of causing the Wall Street ` Flash Crash ' on May 6 , 2010 , when £ 570billion -LRB- $ 850 billion -RRB- was wiped from the value of America 's biggest companies in five minutes . Sarao was warned about his trading in 2009 by officials at the self-regulatory Chicago Mercantile Exchange -LRB- CME -RRB- , where he was making transactions . However , he continued his alleged manipulation well into this year . Dave Lauer , president of lobbying and research firm Kor Group , told Bloomberg that he was gobsmacked at the pace of the investigation . He said : ` How this continued for six years when the CME appeared to know about it , it kind of boggles my mind . This is about as simple and easy as you can get , and it took them this long to do anything about it . ' Edgar Perez , author of Knightmare on Wall Street and The Speed Traders , meanwhile , asked : ` Why would regulators let Sarao operate in the markets and engage in similar trading strategies as in the Flash Crash eight more times ? ' Sarao allegedly triggered -- from his home computer in Hounslow , London -- the Wall Street ` Flash Crash ' of May 2010 , in which almost a trillion dollars was wiped from global share prices , using a series of fake transactions . Trader Navinder Singh Sarao , 36 , is shown here at Westminster Magistrates ' Court after being arrested over illicit trading . A flash crash is a sudden plunge in stock prices . On May 6 , 2010 , the US stock market dramatically collapsed -- wiping billions off the world 's biggest companies . Between 2.42 pm and 2.47 pm , the Dow Jones shed 600 points , having already been down more than 300 points -- a startling 6 per cent fall in just five minutes . Very soon it had recorded an almost 1,000-point loss on the day . But , by 3.07 pm , the market had miraculously regained most of the 600-point drop -- making the flash crash the second-largest point swing ever recorded . Hours later , European markets opened and crashed in similar fashion . The UK 's FTSE 100 fell 138 points , France 's Cac shed 163 points , and Germany 's Dax dropped 193 points . The cause of the crash puzzled US officials . Theories included technical glitches , high frequency trading or changes in market structure -- but never criminal activity . He allegedly used automated trading software to ` spoof ' the market by placing up to 19,000 orders and then cancelling them , all in under one second . However , manipulation was n't identified as the cause of the crash in a September 2010 report , suggesting that regulators did not see his activity at that time . Tim Massad , the head of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission , which oversees the trading of futures and swaps , said on Wednesday that it took so long to charge Sarao because of the size and complexity of U.S. derivatives markets . ` These are huge markets , ' he said . ` There 's a lot going on . ' The agency , which oversees self-regulatory bodies such as the CME , brought civil charges against Sarao alongside criminal charges by the Department of Justice . The many years it took for the CFTC to come out with its findings , and the fact that manipulation was n't mentioned in the 2010 report , suggested that the help of a whistleblower was essential in bringing the charges , one lawyer said . ` This ca n't have been a five-year continuous investigation , ca n't have been , ' said the lawyer , who is familiar with the CFTC 's thinking , and who asked to remain anonymous . ` Something happened some period later where this came up again . ` If there was any indication that there was manipulation behind this , given the profile of this , the agency would have proceeded . It would n't have taken five years . ' Scotland Yard 's extradition unit arrested Sarao on Tuesday night at the request of the FBI , which claims he set up an offshore company in the Caribbean called ` Nav Sarao Milking Markets ' and arrogantly told financial officials to ` kiss my a *** ' . In West London , neighbours of the man now dubbed the ` Hound of Hounslow ' were puzzled by his supposed wealth , saying he lived humbly .