Tim Howard joined Everton in the Community 's Medicash powered wheelchair football team for a training session at Croxteth Sports Centre last week . The Toffees goalkeeper met players from the team currently sitting third In the WFA National League in the Championship Division and was provided with his own wheelchair . The U.S international joined in with some short skills and shooting practice with the team before taking his place in goal for a short game . Tim Howard joined Everton in the Community 's powered wheelchair football team for a training session . The Everton goalkeeper was provided with his own wheelchair and joined in with some shooting practice . Speaking after the visit , Howard said : ` I 've really enjoyed myself , the guys were great with me and were really helping me along as it was my first time in a motorised wheelchair . They were giving me tips and encouragement when it came to dribbling , passing and shooting . It was a good time . ` There are a lot of talented players in this team and it goes to show that practice makes perfect and hopefully they 'll have me back so I can slowly but surely perfect my skills . ` It 's been great for me to come out and see not just what Everton in the Community does but to also be a part of it and lend a helping hand . Our charity means everything to this club and our local community and that 's why us players are always so eager to get involved and be a part of Everton in the Community because we know what it means to everyone . ' Everton in the Community Disability Manager Steve Johnson added , ` Tim has been absolutely superb with us today and his skills in the chair were very impressive given that this was his first time . He mixed in well with the team and pulled off some great saves at the end . Howard poses with the Everton in the Community team after the session at Croxteth Sports Centre . ` It 's great to have the club 's involvement and support ; Tim is a hero and role model to many of our players here today and to have him come down and get involved today with our session is something that they will talk about for weeks on end . ' Everton in the Community 's disability empowerment programme provides football and physical opportunities for thousands of disabled children and adults each year . The programme is all inclusive and currently runs 13 disability teams available to those with any disability whether that be learning , physical , reduced stature , autism , cerebral palsy , deaf or partially sighted . For more information visit http://community.evertonfc.com/ .