Fashion-conscious militants fighting for the Islamic State in Syria have been dealt a blow after their commanders banned them wearing products made by Nike . The sports brand features prominently on a leaflet distributed in the terror group 's de facto capital Raqqa warning ISIS jihadis about items of clothing they are no longer allowed to wear . The news comes shortly after one militant decried the popularity of Nike among ISIS fighters , comparing the brand 's name and famous ` tick ' logo to wearing a Christian cross . His comments prompted a fierce debate with fellow jihadis who argued that it was perfectly acceptable to wear Nike products because they are ` comfy and good quality , unlike crosses ' . Banned : The sports brand features prominently -LRB- circled -RRB- on a leaflet distributed in the terror group 's de facto capital Raqqa warning ISIS jihadis about items of clothing they are no longer allowed to wear . Not allowed : The leaflet threatens both the buyer and seller of Nike products with punishments ranging from a small fine to whipping or even imprisonmen . Images of the leaflet banning Nike clothing was shared online by the activist group Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently who translated it from Arabic . They said Nike was singled out because of its associations with the Greek goddess of the same name and because the word apparently sounds similar to phrases of a sexual nature in Arabic . The leaflet threatens both the buyer and seller of Nike products with punishments ranging from a small fine to whipping or even imprisonment . This is despite the fact one of the group 's most famous commanders , Abu Waheeb , is well known for wearing Western sportswear , including items made by Nike and Adidas . The argument that senior ISIS militants still wear Nike products is unlikely to be considered much of a defence for the millions of brutally oppressed citizens living under the rule of the Islamic State . Fashion-conscious : The ban comes despite the fact one of the group 's most famous commanders , Abu Waheeb , is well known for wearing Western sportswear , including items made by Nike and Adidas . The wearing of Nike products has long been contentious among ISIS jihadis , due to the fact the name was inspired by a Greek goddess and reportedly sound like several words of a sexual nature in Arabic . The news comes shortly after one militant decried the popularity of Nike among ISIS fighters , comparing the brand 's famous ` tick ' logo to wearing a Christian cross . His comments prompted a fierce debate with fellow jihadis who argued that it was perfectly acceptable to wear Nike products because they are ` comfortable ' A recent ban of men wearing jeans - apparently because the clothing ` provokes sexual desire , and shows the attractions of men 's body ' - has been strictly enforced . In fact some young men seen wearing jeans after the ban was put in place were reportedly told they must exchange their denim products for pyjamas , or face time in prison . As well as products made by Nike , numerous other items of clothing appear on the leaflet . Newly-banned products on the list include anything carrying swear words or sexual phrases . To help non-English speakers recognise the banned terms , the ISIS leaflet helpfully provides a long list of swear words alongside their Arabic translation . Nike did not respond to a request for comment on the ban .