Derby County season ticket holders from the 2010-11 campaign might struggle to believe it but Alberto Bueno prepares to face his former club Real Madrid on Wednesday as the highest-scoring Spanish-national in La Liga with a big money move to Porto waiting for him at the end of the season . Bueno played for Derby on loan five years ago , but with just five goals in 29 games he looked anything like Champions League material . After returning to Valladolid he moved to Rayo Vallecano and at the club with one of the lowest budgets in Spanish football he has had the season of his life . Now Champions League quarter-finalists Porto , coached by Spaniard Julen Lopetegui , are ready to poach him . Alberto Bueno -LRB- left -RRB- in action for Derby against Norwich during his unsuccessful spell with the club . Bueno celebrates scoring for Real Madrid against Real Union in November 2008 . Bueno has scored 17 goals for Rayo Vallecano this season and could soon move to Porto . AGE : 27 . CLUBS -LRB- League record only -RRB- . Real Madrid -LRB- 2006-09 -RRB- : 97 apps , 22 goals . Real Madrid -LRB- 2008-09 -RRB- : 3 apps , 0 goals . Valladolid -LRB- 2009-13 -RRB- : 85 apps , 13 goals . Derby -LRB- loan , 2010-11 -RRB- : 29 apps , 5 goals . Rayo Vallecano -LRB- 2013 - -RRB- 65 apps , 26 goals . Seventeen of the 35 goals that Rayo have scored this season have come from Bueno . He hit four in one game earlier this year against Levante and will be gunning for his old club on Wednesday night . Bueno came through at Real Madrid in the 2006-07 season when then manager Fabio Capello fast-tracked him from the C-team to train with David Beckham , Luis Figo and Raul . He eventually made his full debut in both La Liga and the Champions League two seasons later but like so many strikers from Real Madrid 's youth system before him he was going to have to leave to really launch his career . Following in the footsteps of Alvaro Negredo and Roberto Soldado he left the club in 2009 signing for Valladolid from where he spent a season at Derby before ending up back in Spain . Negredo and Soldado both made it into the Spain squad after they succeeded away from Madrid and national team boss Vicente Del Bosque will be watching on Wednesday when Bueno goes up against Sergio Ramos as Rayo Vallecano look to take the scalp of Real Madrid in their rickety atmosphere-charged three-sided Vallecas stadium .