In true Zlatan Ibrahimovic style , he was not content with simply breaking the 100 goals barrier for Paris Saint-Germain on Wednesday evening . The 33-year-old added another two to make it a hat-trick on the night and take his total tally to 102 goals in less than three years in the French capital . To put his remarkable goalscoring record at PSG into perspective , he now trails only former Portugal forward Pedro Pauleta in the all-time record books . Pauleta scored 109 in 211 games for PSG between 2003 and 2008 , Ibrahimovic has played in just 124 games so far . Zlatan Ibrahimovic slides on his knees after scoring for Paris Saint-Germain in their semi-final on Wednesday . The Paris Saint-Germain star was presented with a trophy to celebrate hitting 100 goals for the French side . Ibrahimovic 's hat-trick and a goal from Ezequiel Lavezzi saw them beat Saint Etienne 4-1 and remain on course for a unique quadruple , with a Champions League quarter-final against Barcelona to come next week . After the match , Saint-Etienne boss Christophe Galtier called Ibrahimovic the ` best foreigner to ever play in France , ' and you would struggle to argue against that assessment . He has been a runaway success since arriving at PSG for £ 15.7 m in July 2012 and claiming in his opening address to fans that he would become ` part of the history of the club . ' He stuck to his pledge and was Ligue 1 's top scorer in in his first season with 30 goals , compared with the next best on 19 goals . Saint-Etienne boss Christophe Galtier called Ibrahimovic the ` best foreigner to ever play in France ' Ibrahimovic is considered to be one of the finest strikers of his generation despite his volatile demeanour . It was more of the same last season with 26 goals to his closest rival on 16 . This season he has faced a challenge from Alexandre Lacazette of Lyon who is currently at the top of the French goalscoring charts but you would not bet against Ibrahimovic catching him before the end of the season . His goals for PSG have ranged from the straightforward to the important and the downright incredible -- notably an audacious back heeled volley during a 4 -- 0 win over Bastia in 2013 . Ibrahimovic , pictured with Wednesday night 's match ball , has never played in the Premier League . Many consider Ibrahimovic to be one of the finest strikers of his generation with an eye for the spectacular , an incredible athleticism and brilliance in the air . But a criticism often levelled at Ibrahimovic is that he has never played in the Premier League . The longest spell he has ever spent at one club is three seasons so on that basis a move away from PSG could be on the horizon . But would he choose the Premier League for a last hurrah ? Here Sportsmail looks at his record his six previous clubs . Malmo 1998/99 -- 2000/01 . Came through the youth ranks at the club and signed his first contract with them in 1996 . Played six matches and scored one goal in his first season and Malmo were relegated . His 13 goals in 28 matches was a major factor in getting them straight back into Sweden 's top tier the next year . Around this time Arsene Wenger expressed an interest in bringing Ibrahimovic to Arsenal but he eventually moved to Ajax for a fee of £ 6million . Ibrahimovic came through the youth ranks at the club and signed his first contract with Malmo in 1996 . Ibrahimovic moved to Ajax in 2001 after catching the eye at his hometown club . Ajax 2001/02 -- 2004/05 . There was initial frustration for the striker who did not feature prominently in manager Co Adriaanse 's plans but once Ronald Koeman took over he was given a starting berth , playing a key part as Ajax won the Eredivisie title in his first season . He scored twice in a 2-1 win over Lyon in his Champions League debut in September 2002 with Ajax eventually falling at the quarter final stage . Dutch team-mate Rafael van der Vaart accused Ibrahimovic of trying to deliberately injure him in an international game and the dispute precipitated his move away from the club . Ibrahimovic is pictured in action for Ajax in their Champions League clash against AC Milan back in 2003 . Juventus 2004/05 -- 2005/06 . He reportedly expressed an interest recently in moving back to the Italian club where he feels he has unfinished business . He made an instant impact in the side which had just lost main striker David Trezeguet through injury , scoring 16 goals in his first season . The following season was a different story as he was pushed out onto the flank to play a supporting role . He seemed unmotivated at times and was criticised by fans for his apparent lack of effort in big games . Juventus were hard hit by the investigation into the Italian football scandal and relegated to Serie B at which time Ibrahimovic demanded to be released . Ibrahimovic scored 16 goals in his first season for Juventus but only lasted two years with the Serie A club . Inter 2006/07 -- 2008/09 . Inter won the Serie A title each of the three seasons Ibrahimovic was at the club . It took him little time to adjust as he scored 15 goals in his first season . He scored five Champions League goals in the 2007/08 campaign and in May 2008 netted both goals in a 2 -- 0 defeat of Parma on the final day of the season which sealed the Scudetto -LRB- Italian title -RRB- and a personal Serie A Footballer of the Year trophy . He was the league 's top scorer in 2008/09 with 25 goals , helping Inter to another Scudetto . He was also named ` Footballer of the Year ' for a second consecutive season . Following his spell at Juventus , Ibrahimovic moved to Inter Milan where he won the title on three occasions . Barcelona 2009/10 - 2010/11 . Playing in possibly the best club side of all time -- including Lionel Messi , Andre Iniesta , Carles Puyol and Xavi -- Ibrahimovic immediately set a club record for scoring in all five of his first games . He went on to be named in the UEFA Team of the Year and was the sixth highest scorer in the league as Barcelona won La Liga . His final goal for Barcelona came in a 3 -- 1 defeat over Sevilla which sealed a second Spanish Super Cup for Ibrahimovic . But his relationship with manager Pep Guardiola had broken down and it was time to move on . Ibrahimovic scored in his first five games for Barcelona , but left after two years in Spain to join AC Milan . Milan 2010/11 -- 2011/12 . Ibrahimovic returned to Italy on loan with an option to buy for around £ 17.5 m at the end of the season . He missed a penalty in his debut game but things soon picked up and he scored 14 league goals and won his first Scudetto with Milan , who completed their full purchase of him at the end of the season . His disciplinary record continued to be flawed and he was sent off for punching Bari defender Marco Rossi in the gut and for slapping Napoli 's Salvatore Aronica . He was Serie A 's top scorer in the 2011/12 season with 28 goals . Ibrahimovic made his move back to Italy , firstly on loan , before he signed a permanent deal to join AC Milan .