All Facebook users have them - those friends who are so in love with their newborn baby they clog up your news feed with constant doting updates . But one group of women were so fed up with their friend 's ` running commentary ' they went to the extreme measure of putting an anonymous letter in her mailbox demanding she give everyone ` a break ' . Jade Ruthven , 33 , of Perth , Western Australia , was shocked when she found the scathing note claiming to be from ` a few of the girls ' , cruelly criticising her for posting photos of her six-month-old daughter Addison on Facebook . ` Dear Jade , I have got together with a few of the girls and we are all SO OVER your running commentary on your life and every single thing Addy does , ' the letter begins . ` We all have kids that we are besotted with ... But we do n't ram it down everyone else 's neck !!! ' Jade Ruthven , 33 , of Perth , Western Australia , was shocked when she found a scathing note criticising her for posting too many photos of her six-month-old daughter Addison on Facebook . Jade Ruthven was devastated when she received the unsigned letter in her mailbox . As the letter continues , the typos and punctuation become more intense and frequent . ` She crawls off the mat -- we DON '' T care !!!!! She 's six months old -- BIG DEAL !!!! ` Stop and think -- if every mother posted all that cr*p about their kid -- I 'm sure you 'd get over it pretty quickly . ' The author claims the rant was written on behalf of everyone who views Jade 's Facebook posts . ` I guess you are just p *** ing a lot of people off with all your `` Addy this and Addy that '' . ` We all thought it might ease off after the first month but it has n't , ' the letter continues . ` Not everyone is as interested as you are about what Addy does so give us all a break . ` We 're doing this to let you know what people really think . ' The dental hygienist still does n't know who was responsible for the letter . Jade ca n't think why anybody would feel the need to be so nasty . Jade and her husband Ryan -LRB- pictured with their daughter Addison -RRB- were both very angry but chose to try and see the funny side of the ridiculous letter . Jade sent the letter to comedian Em Rusciano , who posted it to her Facebook page and described it as ` next-level mean ' in an opinion piece for news.com . au . For Jade the letter came completely out of the blue and was like a slap in the face , particularly as she is a first-time mother trying to find her feet . ` I was actually excited when I checked the mail and saw a hand written envelope thinking it was an invite . Never in my wildest dreams did I expect what was in it ! ' Jade told Daily Mail Australia . ` At first I was in shock and thought this letter must be a joke . I read it and re-read it about four times . ` I was shaking with anger and shock to think a so-called friend of mine could be so heartless and gutless to not even sign their name . ' The dental hygienist still does n't know who was responsible for the letter . Jade ca n't think why anybody would feel the need to be so nasty . ` To be honest I have no idea why anyone would do this to me . I do n't think I have had an enemy in my whole life , ' she said . ` My husband Ryan was just as angry as me but we soon decided to laugh it off as a bad joke . Jade and her friends responded by creating the hashtag #Addyspam and cheekily posting a stream of photos of the beautiful bub on Facebook - sending a strong message to the hateful author . Jade was accused of ` p *** ing ' everybody off by posting too many photos of her baby daughter on Facebook . ` These people clearly have too much time on their hands to sit and chat about my Facebook usage . It 's quite sad really . ' The cruel nature of the letter spurred Jade to stand up for herself . She refused to bow down to the bullies . ` To have someone do this to me , in truth , makes me feel sick , ' said Jade . ` Lucky for me I am a strong , healthy person . Being a first time mum is hard enough to get your head around but for someone who was feeling alone or who was struggling with the challenges of motherhood this could have had terrible consequences . ` But it takes a lot more to keep me down than a nasty letter ! ' Jade wants the coward author to know their nasty act has not brought her down . She has also vowed to continue to post photos of her treasured baby . ` I have had people contact me saying if this had happened to them at this time in their bub 's life , it would have sent them over the edge . ` I am glad I was the one that got this letter , not someone in a more vulnerable state . ' Jade says the attempt to shame and isolate her has ` backfired ' , as she is ` feeling more loved and supported than ever ' Jade insists that not for one minute did she consider changing her behaviour on Facebook . Instead , she decided to deal with the bullies with a sense of humour . ` No way did I feel self-conscious or consider changing my online activity , ' she said . ` That 's how I think this person ca n't be that close to me . If they were they would know I would never take this lying down , start crying in the corner and then take myself off Facebook . ' In fact my friends and I started a hashtag , #Addyspam and posted pics of Addy on Facebook all night long ! ' Jade says the attempt to shame and isolate her has ` backfired ' , as she is ` feeling more loved and supported than ever ' . Rather , it is an opportunity for her to set an example for her daughter and support other new mothers . ` The support I have received from family , friends and even total strangers has blown me away . ' Facebook is a crucial tool for Jade and Ryan to share their daughter 's life with their distant relatives . ` Addy 's grandparents and a lot of family and friends live overseas . Facebook is the only way they can really keep in touch . ' As a mother , Jade knew she did n't want to stoop to the bullies ' level . Rather , it is an opportunity for her to set an example for her daughter and support other new mothers . ` I want my daughter to grow up a strong and confident girl and if she ever does encounter bullies . ` I want her to feel strong enough to stand up for herself . ` Also I think parents should do what feels right for you and your bub . ` Everyone will try and give you their opinions , just smile and nod ! '