Four South African men accused of stabbing a Mozambican man to death in an anti-immigrant attack in a Johannesburg township appeared in court today . The brutal murder of Emmanuel Sithole was captured on camera and shocking images show men stabbing him and beating him with a wrench . Anti-immigrant violence has spread across South Africa in recent weeks and the government has now sent in troops to control the riots . Four South African men suspected of killing Mozambican national Emmanuel Sithole in Alexandra township in an apparent xenophobic attack , are arraigned at the Wynberg Magistrate Court in Johannesburg . The brutal attack on Mr Sithole in Alexandra township near Johannesburg on Saturday was captured on camera by a local journalist and published across the world the following day . They show the four men surrounding the Mozambican man , before repeatedly stabbing him with knives and bludgeoning him with a wrench in broad daylight . Witnesses took Mr Sithole to a nearby medical centre but found it was closed because the foreign-born duty doctor had failed to turn up for his shift for fear of being attacked by the xenophobic hordes rampaging through the township . Mr Sithole was taken to hospital where he later died , the cause of death was established as a direct stab wound to the heart . The four men accused of his murder will remain in custody until a full trial , set to be held on May 4th . Horror : The brutal murder of Emmanuel Sithole in a township near Johannesburg was captured on camera . Brutal : The four men surrounded Mr Sithole , before repeatedly stabbing him with knives and bludgeoning him with a wrench in broad daylight . No mercy : One of the men can be seen beating Mr Sithole with a wench , while another grabs a shovel and a third holds a blade . The South African army has been deployed to areas that remain volatile after a spate of attacks targeting immigrants , the defense minister announced on Tuesday . Soldiers have already been sent to support police in troubled areas , Defense Minister Nosiviwe Mapisa-Nqakula said in a live broadcast . The minister made the announcement in Alexandra , a Johannesburg township where a Zimbabwean couple survived a shooting overnight . The man and woman were both shot in their necks and the woman suffered an additional shot in her leg , the minister said . Both Zimbabweans were treated and discharged from hospital . Troops have also been sent to Durban , the coastal city where the attacks on foreigners began , Mapisa-Nqakula said . The violence has been concentrated in areas of Johannesburg and Durban where poor immigrants and South Africans live . The recent spate of attacks has mainly affected immigrants from African states like Malawi , Mozambique and Zimbabwe , according to a statement from the aid group , Doctors Without Borders . A woman and man washes outside a shelter for displaced foreigners in east of Johannesburg . In response to the recent violence , the South African army has been deployed to areas in that remain volatile after a spate of attacks targeting immigrants , the defense minister announced on Tuesday . A view of an informal settlement where foreign nationals were displaced in east of Johannesburg . Anti-immigrant riots , such as this in the Jeppestown suburb of Johannesburg last week , has spread across South Africa and the government has now sent in troops to control the riots . The South African attacks on foreigners have angered many in other African countries . In Malawi , nearly 2,000 protesters marched to the South African High Commission , demonstrating against the wave of violence , said Billy Mayaya , a human rights activist . A diplomat at the South African mission said earlier that there were several hundred marchers . ` South Africa , why kill your fellow blacks ? ' read one poster carried by the singing demonstrators in the capital Lilongwe . The march organizers called on the South African government to do more to protect immigrants and handed a petition to South African High Commissioner Cassandra Mbuyane-Mokone . Nearly 400 Malawians returned home on Monday , travelling overnight by bus from South Africa , Malawi 's Information Minister Kondwani Nankhumwa said .