Forget about the ` theory of everything ' , an even more important question has been put to Professor Stephen Hawking - What do you think is the cosmological effect of Zayn Malik leaving One Direction ? The legendary physicist was speaking at the Sydney Opera House as a 3D hologram from his physical location at Cambridge University in the UK , when the question was put to him . But it was a subject that Professor Hawking had his own theory on saying : ` Finally , a question about something important . ' Scroll down for video . Professor Stephen Hawking appeared at the Sydney Opera House on Saturday night as a 3D hologram from his physical location at Cambridge University in the UK . During the show Professor Hawking was asked about the cosmological effect of former One Direction singer Zayn Malik leaving the boy band . Buzzfeed reports that a questioner asked : ` What do you think is the cosmological effect of Zayn leaving One Direction and consequently breaking the hearts of millions of teenage girls across the world ? ' But he happily tackled the conundrum and came up with an explanation that would satisfy every One Direction fan . ` My advice to any heartbroken young girl is to pay close attention to the study of theoretical physics . Because one day there may well be proof of multiple universes , ' he said . Professor Hawking showed as well as a huge intellect he possesses a good sense of humour . When Zayn left One Direction he broke the hearts of millions of teenage girls . Professor Hawking joked that in another different universe ` Zayn is still in One Direction ' ` It would not be beyond the realms of possibility that somewhere outside of our own universe lies another different universe . ` And in that universe , Zayn is still in One Direction . ' It got better still for the questioner as Professor Hawking went on to add that , ` this girl may like to know that in another possible universe , she and Zayn are happily married ' . The legendary physicist also spoke about the mysteries of the universe , being diagnosed with ALS , and the future of our planet . Apart from the cosmic effect caused by Zayn leaving One Direction , Professor Hawking spoke about the mysteries of the universe , being diagnosed with ALS , and the future of our planet . And if the future of mankind was to prosper then we had to look to the stars . ` We must also continue to go into space for the future of humanity . I do n't think we will survive another 1,000 years without escaping beyond our fragile planet , ' Hawking said .