When 18-year-old Jackson Byrnes was told he had only weeks to live , only one surgeon in Australia was willing to perform the surgery that would either save his life , leave him paralysed or worse . Incredibly , the teenager has woken up from having his catastrophic brain tumour removed with the ability to move his body , thank his surgeon and even to ask his relieved mother for food . ` It 's such a relief , it 's just amazing . Jackson is a fighter ! ' his mother Rhonda told Daily Mail Australia . His elated family are ` over the moon ' that the surgery was more of a success than they dared to even dream it would be . In recovery , Jackson opened his eyes surrounded by his surgeon and family , who had been trying to prepare themselves for bad news . Jackson Byrnes , 18 , underwent a risky operation to remove the tumour on his brain on Wednesday . it has been an enormous success . Renowned neurosurgeon Dr Charlie Teo is the only surgeon in Australia who was willing to perform the risky operation that will hopefully buy Jackson more time . ` The surgeon told Jackson to try and lift up his arm . And he did ! Like that ! We could n't believe it , ' his mother said . ` And then he turned his head to the surgeon , Dr Teo , and said thank you . It was such a beautiful moment . ' Jackson 's story made national headlines this week , with strangers digging deep to help the family , donating more than $ 95,000 in just over a week . Thousands of people helped to fund Jackson 's $ 80,000 operation and contribute to other medical costs . On Wednesday , his loved ones waited for seven anxious hours as world-renowned surgeon Dr Charlie Teo operated on the teen at the Prince of Wales hospital in Sydney 's east . Three weeks ago the teen from Casino in NSW 's north was told by doctors that he had a stage four brain tumour that was too deep and aggressive to be safely operated on . Jackson 's mother Rhonda Byrnes said she was overwhelmed by the support and money raised by the community on his GoFundMe page to help fun the crucial $ 80,000 operation . His family refused to accept the dismal diagnosis and took matters into their own hands and found Dr Teo , who said he was willing to perform the operation if the family understood the risks . Renowned neurosurgeon Dr Charlie Teo was the only surgeon in Australia willing to perform the risky operation that will likely see the Casino teenager paralysed . ` We were told he would probably wake up and be paralysed down his left side . That was so hard to hear but we really had no choice in the end , ' Rhonda told Daily Mail Australia . ` We would have lost him , we had to take that chance . ' ` I did n't know where the hell I 'd get the money , I just knew I have it no matter what . I would have gone to the ends of the earth for him , ' Rhonda said . Dr Teo told Daily Mail Australia that he hopes the surgery will buy the teen more time . ` If you can buy him time with surgery then the hope is you 're going to get a good response to the chemotherapy and radiotherapy and a significant extension of time , ' he said . ` Even if we could buy him six months of life the hope is we 're going to come up with new treatment in that time . ' Dr Teo said the $ 80,000 payment required for the surgery was standard . The 18-year-old -LRB- pictured left , getting his head shaved -RRB- at a recent fundraising event . The Byrnes family have already endured the ` four weeks from hell ' . It was an emotion-filled moment on Wednesday morning as they waited for Jackson to go into theatre at 9.30 am . ` We all had so much anxiety before the surgery . It was a seven hour long procedure and the unknown was driving me crazy , ' said Rhonda on Wednesday night . ` Before he went in he said he was anxious . Not knowing what he 's up for . ' ` He was a bit upset before the surgery . He went really quiet . We were trying not to be scared , ' said his 17-year-old little brother Maton . ` But everyone was just focussed on believing that he was going to come out of the surgery alright . ' It was a tense wait for his family and loved ones . ` I could n't stop thinking about him in there all by himself , even though I knew he was in the best of hands , ' said Rhonda . Jackson needs $ 80,000 by Tuesday night in order to pay for his surgery upfront , and another $ 45,00 for fees . But it was n't long before the Byrnes family were laughing again . Rhonda could n't believe it when , after such an intense surgery , her cheeky son was back to his old tricks . She had quickly ducked away from the hospital after visiting her son in recovery . Jackson 's name popped up on Rhonda 's phone screen . ` I thought it would be his girlfriend Jahnae calling to update me on his condition after such an intense surgery , ' Rhonda said . ` Instead I heard Jackson 's voice and he said to me : `` Mum , hi ! What are you up to ? I feel great , but I 'm really hungry , ' '' Rhonda laughs . ` He was just talking like normal and looking for food . We had been to told to expect he 'd be paralysed ! There is still a long road to go for young Jackson , much of it unknown . ` Four weeks ago he was a fit young fellow and had his own future ahead of him , ' Rhonda said . Dr Teo will try to remove 95 per cent of the tumour , which has extended to very sensitive part of the brain . ` He 's still fighting , it is overwhelming . ' The family have gained strength from the love and support they have received from thousands of people who have rallied around them . ` It 's incredible to have everyone coming together for us . Our phone has been running hot , even from strangers calling wanting to help however they can or see how Jackson is , ' said Rhonda . ` It makes us so happy . I do n't know how we could have done it without ` Team Jacko ' . Jackson 's heartbroken mother Rhonda had been told the incredibly risky surgery . After a tense seven hour long wake , Jackson woke But when Jackson woke up , the was told to try and lift his left arm and he did ! Then he turned his head to Dr Teo and said thank you . It was such a beautiful moment . At the end of a long day , . We all had so much anxiety before the surgery . It was a seven hour long procedure and the unknown was driving me crazy . ` Before he went in he said he was anxious . Not knowing what he 's up for . ' Jackson Byrnes was diagnosed with a stage four tumour three weeks ago and needed $ 80,000 for surgery . ` He was a bit upset before the surgery . He went really quiet . We were trying not to be scared , ' said his 17-year-old little brother Maton . ` But everyone was just focussed on believing that he was going to come out of the surgery alright . ' It was a tense wait for his family and loved ones . I could n't stop thinking about him in there all by himself , even though I knew he was in the best of hands . No one else would operate , they would n't even attempt . It was an enormous relief when Dr Teo took on his surgery , words ca n't describe the relief . The response from everybody -- including so many strangers -- has been amazing , . Dr Teo had predicted that he would remove 95 per cent of the tumour . Most of the tumour has been successfully removed but the Byrnes family are yet exactly how much . Jackson 's girlfriend Jahnae Jackson -LRB- right -RRB- noticed he had developed a lump three weeks ago and prompted him to visit a doctor who requested an MRI .