Most people would sensibly keep their distance from a pool full of alligators - but this astonishing footage shows one adrenaline junkie precariously navigating a slackline over more than 50 of the hungry reptiles . Jason McDonald , 34 , from Aurora , Colorado , walked the thin rope line over a pool containing more the alligators - some which measure up to ten feet in length - at the Colorado Gator Farm . Crematory manager Mr McDonald , who volunteers at the farm , has been involved with alligators for over ten years and has taken handling classes , said he thought this would be an interesting new way of interacting with the fearsome creatures . Scroll down for video . Jason McDonald walked the thin slackline rope over a pool containing more than 50 hungry alligators . ` I got the idea after watching my friend Josh Beaudoin , who likes to walk slacklines several hundred feet up in the air , ' he said . ` I knew I was n't at that level yet but that I could put my own spin on it and walk over gators . ` The gators are surprisingly ok with the slackline . ` The first time we set it up they approached but did n't get very close . This time it did n't seem to bother them at all . ' Mr McDonald said that while his parents have reservations about his daring antics , he has plans to take his hobby further . Mr McDonald mounts the slackrope above the alligators pond where more than 50 of the reptiles live . Two of the pond 's inhabitants appeared to be particularly intrigued by the development overhead . Mr McDonald took this shot which shows the disconcertingly narrow slackrope - and watching alligator . Mr McDonald said he thought this would be an interesting new way of interacting with the fearsome creatures . ` My mother wants me to be careful and remember I 'm a father but she also knows I 'm good at working with the gators - and although it can be dangerous I do it as safely as possible , ' he said . ` Going forward we want to walk over Elvis or Morris , our two biggest gators on the farm . ` I also think it would be cool to walk over the top of our albino gators since that would be hard to recreate since we have four , and not many people even have one albino . ' Mr McDonald , who has been volunteering at the farm for 10 years , had never been bitten before last month - when an 8ft alligator clamped down on his hand for more than 10 minutes . Mr McDonald , who treats and cares for the rescued animals , performs tricks for visitors to the farm in his spare time . He became involved with Colorado Gators when he signed up for a wrestling class . Colorado Gators started out as a fish farm but in 1987 its owners decided to buy 100 baby gators as a means of disposing of guts and carcasses . Mr McDonald has been involved with alligators for over ten years and has taken handling classes . He said his parents have reservations about his daring antics - but he has plans to take his hobby further .