The Duke of Kent has been spotted leaving hospital with a walking stick after suffering a dislocated hip during an Easter trip to the Royal Family 's Balmoral estate . The Queen 's cousin , 79 , injured himself while staying at the Queen 's private residence in Royal Deeside , Aberdeenshire , on Saturday . He was taken to Aberdeen Royal Infirmary on Easter Monday and spent a night in hospital being treated for his injuries before being discharged today . Scroll down for video . The Duke of Kent , 79 , was spotted leaving Aberdeen Royal Infirmary with a walking stick today -LRB- above -RRB- . The Queen 's cousin was admitted to the hospital yesterday after suffering a dislocated hip at the Balmoral estate . His Royal Highness Prince Edward walked to his daughter Lady Helen Taylor 's car with a walking stick before being driven away . Buckingham Palace said today that he had been ` successfully ' treated for a dislocated hip . Buckingham Palace confirmed His Royal Highness Prince Edward 's injury and said : ` The Duke of Kent was admitted on Monday to Aberdeen Royal Infirmary , where he was successfully treated for a dislocated hip . ` The Duke is expected to leave hospital later today . ' The dislocation comes just two years after the Duke suffered a ` mild ' stroke . In March 2013 , he was taken to University College Hospital in London after suffering a the stroke , also known as a transient ischaemic attack . Despite his age , the Duke still undertakes a large number of royal engagements . He became the Duke of Kent at just six when his father died in a wartime flying accident in 1942 . The Duke is the son of Prince George , the younger brother of King George VI and King Edward VIII . He enjoyed a lengthy military career and was a respected Army officer who also acted as Britain 's international trade ambassador for 25 years . Nurses could be seen outside Aberdeen Royal Infirmary with the Duke and his daughter Lady Helen Taylor today . The Queen 's cousin was driven away by his daughter after being discharged by doctors this afternoon . The Duke appeared downcast as he was driven away from the hospital by his daughter Lady Helen Taylor . He has since spent many years performing royal duties on behalf of the Queen and is perhaps now best known for being President of the All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club and presenting the Wimbledon trophies each summer . The royal is also the country 's top Freemason - the secret society 's Grand Master of the United Grand Lodge of England . His wife the Duchess of Kent has withdrawn from public life , dropping her HRH title . She now works as a music teacher , preferring to be known as ` Katharine Kent ' . The couple have three children George , the Earl of St Andrews , Lady Helen Taylor , and Lord Nicholas Windsor . Balmoral Castle in Royal Deeside , Aberdeenshire , has been one of the residences for members of the British Royal Family since 1852 . The original castle and estate was bought privately by Prince Albert . It is owned by the royal family , but it is not the property of the crown . The Duke is the son of Prince George , the younger brother of King George VI and King Edward VIII . It means he is the Queen 's cousin -LRB- pictured together at Wimbledon in June 2010 -RRB- and carries out duties on her behalf . It is not known how the Duke injured himself but he was taken to hospital from Balmoral Castle in Royal Deeside , Aberdeenshire , which has been one of the residences for members of the Royal Family since 1852 .