One season soon , there will be more people watching each Premier League match live in the USA than in Britain . That is the confident expectation of broadcasting titan NBC , who hold the live rights to show matches Stateside and have more than doubled US interest in England 's elite division in the past two years . In 2012-13 , some 13 million different Americans watched at least one top-flight English game live . Last season that was 32 million -- or more than one in 10 people in the US . This weekend , for the first time , reflecting their boom product , NBC have transported their entire Premier League production from their HQ in Stamford , Connecticut , to England . NBC host Rebecca Lowe has helped to improve coverage of the Premier League in America . Star anchor Lowe was at Turf Moor to present Burnley 's Premier League match against Arsenal . Lowe was joined by former Wimbledon midfielder Robbie Earle and retired MLS star Kyle Martino . Lifelong Crystal Palace fan Lowe is married to former Cheltenham manager Paul Buckle . Star anchor Rebecca Lowe was at Turf Moor for Burnley against Arsenal , joined by former USA midfielder Kyle Martino -- a pin-up at LA Galaxy just before David Beckham -- and fellow pundit Robbie Earle , now based in Los Angeles . The trio , plus pitchside analysts Lee Dixon and Robbie Mustoe , will also be at the Manchester derby at Old Trafford on Sunday and at Anfield for Liverpool-Newcastle on Monday . ` The Premier League sells itself with its drama , ' says Lowe , 34 , a former BBC and ESPN journalist snapped up to be the face of the PL in the USA by NBC two years ago . ` But you can always enhance your coverage and that 's why we 're here this weekend . ' Lowe herself is a lifelong Crystal Palace fan , and had one eye on their stunning 4-1 win at Sunderland . As she told the LA Times recently , tongue in cheek , her support of Palace is not a sign that she ca n't recognise good football . ` I hope that people look at me and say she actually knows football because to be a Crystal Palace fan , you have to really want to be in football , ' she said . ` It 's not easy being a Crystal Palace fan . I could pick United or City or Chelsea or Arsenal and I probably would have had a much happier childhood . ' Lowe now finds herself helping to influence the footballing choices of young Americans . ` When I first moved to the States two years ago I hardly saw a -LSB- replica -RSB- Premier League shirt , ' she says . ` Now they 're all over the place , and not just the big teams . ' Lowe was at Turf Moor to see Arsenal claim all three points thanks to a goal by Aaron Ramsey . Lee Dixon provided pitchside analysis for NBC as his former side defeated relegation candidates Burnley . NBC transported their entire Premier League production from their HQ in Stamford , Connecticut , to England for this weekend 's round of matches . Every match is shown live in the USA . At 7 am eastern time on Saturday , midday in Britain , NBC 's weekend PL broadcasting opened with a long shot of Turf Moor set against the Lancashire hills and Lowe describing how football has been played at this ground since 1883 . ` This country is so rich in history , it 's part of the appeal , ' says Lowe , a Londoner who is married to football manager Paul Buckle , who recently parted company with Cheltenham . ` It 's important that we do tell our audience about -LSB- smaller clubs like -RSB- Burnley because otherwise it could all be Arsenal , United , City , Chelsea , Liverpool , ' Lowe says . ` We 're passionate about educating and informing our audience . ' Martino says that when NBC won the rights to show games -- for the three-year period , 2013-16 , for $ 250 million -LRB- £ 167m -RRB- -- some critics feared that showing every match ` was going to be overkill ... -LSB- but -RSB- what we 've found is there is a demand for that level of consumption of this product ' . The USA is the third most lucrative market now for the League in rights terms , among 84 separate overseas contracts covering 212 territories . Only Thailand , where broadcasters are paying $ 320m for the current three years and the Middle East -LRB- both £ 213m -RRB- , offer richer pickings , so far . With the Premier League having recently sealed their record £ 5bn domestic TV deal for 2016-19 with Sky and BT , attention will now turn to all the overseas deals , to be brokered over the next year . India will be a key market , with a surging middle-class interest , while Malaysia , Indonesia and Brazil are seen as having room for growth , among others . All the overseas rights combined fetched £ 2.23 bn for the League for the 2013-16 period -LRB- or £ 743m a year -RRB- with increases expected . The USA is high on the list of places the League want to continue building interest , not just to earn more TV cash but to provide the clubs with potentially lucrative markets . Burnley 's chief executive Lee Hoos , an American , told the Mail on Sunday on Saturday that his club 's merchandise sales in the USA have jumped 212 per cent this season simply by being in the League . Leaps of 150 per cent have been recorded in places as far flung as Korea and mainland Europe . Lowe would have been delighted with Crystal Palace 's emphatic 4-1 league win over Sunderland . Burnley have benefitted from the American audience taking an interest in the Premier League , says Lee Hoos . Burnley chief Hoos , pictured withSportsmail 's Nick Harris , insists his club 's profile is high across the globe . Arsenal chief executive Ivan Gazidis has been impressed with NBC 's coverage of the Premier League . ` There are still people here in the UK who will say to me , `` Where exactly is Burnley ? '' , ' he says . ` Yet our profile has never been higher internationally . ' Arsenal 's chief executive Ivan Gazidis , who spent 16 years in MLS , said NBC 's coverage has been ` transformative ' for the Premier League . He said in the recent past football was seen as ` niche ' and ` nerdy ' and ` it was always cool to knock soccer ... but when you get NBC coming into play you 're moving into the mainstream . It 's a sea change ' . Three of the four most-watched Premier League games ever in the USA , including the No 1 match , Manchester United versus Arsenal in November , have been during NBC 's current deal . The biggest audience averaged 1.41 m people -- and that was before breakfast in many cities . The average audience in Britain for a Premier League match across Sky Sport and BT is little more than a million -LRB- and almost 500,000 in the US -RRB- and the biggest ever audience on Sky averaged below 3 million . United 's win over Liverpool attracted 1.2 million on NBC cable and Spanish partner UNIVERSO combined . Manchester United 's 2-1 win at the Emirates Stadium in November was the most-watched PL game in the US . Liverpool 's defeat by Manchester United last month had an average audience of 1.2 million on NBC cable and Spanish partner UNIVERSO combined . That made it the most-watched PL game screened before 10 am in US history . The growth of the interest in America means numbers will swell there , with Martino believing phenomenal increases are likely . ` NBC cover the Olympics , the NFL , they have been covering the big event for a very long time , ' he says . ` It 's natural for them . It 's the same template -LSB- being used to market the Premier League -RSB- . ` In the United States we talk about the NFL getting 19 million on a Monday night . That 's the bar set . And it 's not hyperbole to be ambitious -- that 's what 's going to happen one day with the Premier League . ' Liverpool 's defeat by Manchester United last month had an average audience of 1.2 million on NBC cable and Spanish partner UNIVERSO combined . That made it the most-watched PL game screened before 10 am in US history . Jon Miller , NBC Sports ' president of programming , said : ` The Premier League has a very passionate fan base here in the US . It 's also a youthful and affluent fan base as well , relative to other sports on television . ` We have created a new `` day part '' in weekend morning television , where fans now come to our networks beginning at 7 in the morning and stay for 5-6 hours . It 's been a terrific partnership . ` We believe that this is best soccer being played anywhere in the world and Americans gravitate towards the best when available . '