Fired : Stephen Hogger , pictured , was sacked after apparently falling out with senior church figures . As the congregation of St Peter and St Paul Church filed in for the Easter Sunday service , thoughts naturally turned to the meaning of sacrifice . But little did they know it would be put into action by the entire choir moments later . A letter handed out to the stunned churchgoers revealed the 13 choristers were quitting en masse in ` solidarity ' over the sacking of music director Stephen Hogger . The walkout means it will be the first time in 200 years that the church , which is famed for its timber-framed Tudor buildings , will be without a choir . The 55-year-old , who had been at the 14th century church in Lavenham , Suffolk , for 17 years , was given notice to leave following an apparent falling out with senior figures . A villager , who asked not to be named , said : ` It seems to be down to a clash of personalities . Some people at the church feel that Mr Hogger can come across as abrasive and even rude on occasion . ` There have been comments about him being dismissive and offhand to members of the public , like couples who are planning on getting married and are not regular members of the congregation . ` He has also not turned up to some meetings and has failed to keep arrangements to talk to people . ' ` It was felt that his behaviour was out of line with how the church wanted to be seen but members of the choir have always had a great respect for him . They admire him because he is very gifted musically . ' Church organist Mr Hogger , who is a Fellow of the Guild of Musicians and Singers and Associate of the London College of Music , said : ` Obviously it is all a bit difficult . There is nothing more I can tell you . ` There was nothing about my behaviour mentioned in the letter I received and I was not at the parochial church council meeting so I do not know what was said . ' Solidarity : All 13 of his choristers at St Peter and St Paul Church have now resigned over his sacking . Quiet : The 14th century Suffolk church will now be without a choir for the first time in 200 years . The letter handed to worshippers said : ` Following the announcement last week of Stephen Hogger 's dismissal , it is with huge sadness and after a great deal of thought and discussion that the current members of the choir have decided to leave . ` This decision follows a long period of unhappiness and lack of understanding between the choir and the leadership of Lavenham Church . Today -LRB- Easter Sunday -RRB- will be our last service . ' On holiday : Stephen Earl , the rector of the church , was away and unavailable to comment yesterday . Mr Hogger was given three months ' notice to terminate the contract on his part-time paid post on March 29 by the PCC . Chorister Gillian Smith , 67 , who has sung at the church for 30 years , said : ` All I want to say is that we resigned to show solidarity with Stephen Hogger . That is the reason we came out in support of him . ' Another chorister , who declined to be named , added they were ` disappointed and upset ' . ` At the end of the day it is not a very Christian attitude that has been shown to Stephen , ' they said . Stephen Earl , 61 , the rector of the church , was away on holiday yesterday and unavailable to comment . Church warden Graham Patrick said : ` The basic facts are that the PCC have given three months ' notice to our director of music . ` In solidarity with him , the choir has also decided to leave , something which we in the church very much regret . ' John Howard , a spokesman for the diocese of St Edmundsbury and Ipswich , added everyone ` wish him well in the next phase of his career . '