Ahead of this weekend 's Premier League action , Sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and Opta stats . Here is all the information you need for West Ham 's home clash with Stoke ... West Ham United vs Stoke City -LRB- Upton Park -RRB- . Team news . West Ham . West Ham will have Ecuador forward Enner Valencia available again following a toe injury for Saturday 's Barclays Premier League game against Stoke at Upton Park . Defender James Tomkins has undergone shoulder surgery and hopes to be in contention again before the end of the season . West Ham 's Enner Valencia takes on Hull 's Curtis Davies in a Premier League clash back in September . Striker Andy Carroll -LRB- knee -RRB- remains sidelined , along with Canada defender Doneil Henry -LRB- hamstring -RRB- . Provisional squad : Adrian , Jenkinson , Collins , Reid , Cresswell , Noble , Downing , Noble , Song , Kouyate , Nolan , Sakho , Jaaskelainen , Cole , Amalfitano , Nene , Demel , O'Brien , Jarvis , Valencia . Stoke . Stoke defender Marc Wilson is available for Saturday 's Barclays Premier League trip to West Ham despite a broken hand . Wilson complained of a problem after last week 's clash against Chelsea and scans have revealed a crack , but he will be able to play if wearing protection . Marc Wilson -LRB- left -RRB- clashes with Chelsea 's Juan Cuadrado during Stoke 's 2-1 defeat last weekend and the midfielder is set to play with a broken hand against West Ham United . Striker Jon Walters has had a knee problem but has been training and is also in contention . Provisional squad : Begovic , Butland , Shawcross , Wilson , Wollscheid , Muniesa , Bardsley , Pieters , Teixeira , Cameron , Whelan , Adam , Nzonzi , Sidwell , Ireland , Arnautovic , Diouf , Walters , Crouch . Kick-off : Saturday , 3 pm . Odds -LRB- subject to change -RRB- : . West Ham 6/5 . Draw 9/4 . Stoke 23/10 . Referee : Roger East . Managers : Sam Allardyce -LRB- West Ham -RRB- , Mark Hughes -LRB- Stoke -RRB- . Head-to-head league record : West Ham wins 28 , draws 18 , Stoke wins 27 . Key match stats -LRB- supplied by Opta -RRB- . West Ham are winless in three against the Potters , losing two and drawing the other . Stoke have won three of their last six against the Hammers in all competitions -LRB- D2 L1 -RRB- . Upton Park has seen the most goals from indirect free-kicks this season -LRB- 6 -RRB- . West Ham have won only one of their last nine Premier League games -LRB- D3 L5 -RRB- . After winning three games in a row in February/March , Stoke have now lost three games in succession . Charlie Adam has had 25 shots -LRB- inc. blocked -RRB- from outside the box in the Premier League this season but has scored only with one of those . Thomas Hitzlsperger -LRB- right -RRB- battles for possession with Stoke 's Jermaine Pennant and was on target for West Ham when they last beat the Potters at Upton Park with a 3-0 win in March 2011 . Aaron Cresswell is the only Hammer to have played every minute of every West Ham game in the Premier League this season . Peter Crouch has the same number of Premier League goals as Ruud van Nistelrooy -LRB- 95 -RRB- but has played 238 games more in the competition . 10 of the 13 Premier League goals that Stewart Downing has been involved in this season came before the New Year . Mark Hughes has lost only one of his last 10 Premier League encounters with Sam Allardyce -LRB- W6 D3 -RRB- .