It has no bathroom , no mains electricity and the only way to reach it is by boat or a novelty ` Noddy ' train . But that has n't stopped this modest timber shed being put up for sale for £ 230,000 -- making it one of Britain 's most expensive beach huts . Measuring just 15ft by 10ft , the remote beach hut on Mudeford Spit in Christchurch , Dorset , is the same price as a five-bedroom house in Herefordshire and more than a detached four-bedroom house in Kingswood , Hull . Owners will also have to shell out between £ 2,500 and £ 4,000 a year in ground rent to Christchurch Borough Council for use of the hut which can sleep up to five people . A beach hut -LRB- pictured -RRB- on desirable Mudeford Spit in Christchurch , Dorset , has gone on the market for £ 230,000 - the same price as a family home in many parts of Britain . The hut commands spectacular views across Christchurch Bay to the Needles and the Isle of Wight , but the vista is presently blighted by a rubbish skip dumped on the beach . Hut 39 commands spectacular views across the Solent , although the vista is presently blighted by a rubbish skip dumped on the beach for hut owners to use for their over-winter repairs . Despite their hefty price tags , the huts at Mudeford have no mains water or electricity , although this one does have a solar panel for 12v electric lights and power , a fridge and a full-size gas cooker . It has a kitchen , living area , mezzanine sleeping area and a sun terrace with incredible views over Christchurch Bay to the Needles and the Isle of Wight . Owners can only sleep at the huts between March and October , although they can visit any time of year , and they have to share a communal shower block . Despite their hefty price tags , the huts at Mudeford have no mains water or electricity and can only be reached via boat or Noddy train . Owners can only sleep at the huts between March and October , although they can visit any time of year , and they have to share a communal shower block . Hut 433 on Mudeford Spit -LRB- pictured -RRB- went on sale for £ 270,000 in July 2014 - making it the most expensive beach hut in Britain . The hut can sleep ten -LRB- at a squash -RRB- with a first floor mezzanine , two sofa beds and a pull-out double bed , and it has a small kitchen area and fridge freezer for the £ 270,000 price-tag . The beach hut 's remote location means it can only be reach by boat or a novelty ` Noddy ' train , followed by a half-mile hike across the dunes . It boasts a desirable position on the end of a row near the river entrance , meaning there is nothing but open space next to it . The current owner , who does n't want to be named , is selling the hut privately . Steve Barratt , chairman of the Mudeford Beach Hut Association , said : ` Most huts these days have solar panels to meet lighting and entertainment needs and most have fridges , making the overall living experience better . They are a home from home . ` The main benefit of being in a hut is that even if the weather is changeable and you would not consider visiting the beach from home , being there means that as soon as the rain stops you can open the doors to enjoy the natural beauty of the sandbank . ` In the summer thousands of visitors come to the beaches for the day and as a hut owner you can have the benefit of a busy seaside scene that will evaporate when the visitors leave and by 7 pm the beach becomes a quiet , social retreat you can share with your beach friends . ' Hut 433 on Mudeford Spit went on sale for £ 270,000 in July 2014 - making it the most expensive beach hut in Britain . Denisons Estate Agents said the market for beach huts and Mudeford has snowballed over the last few years and many go for more than £ 200,000 . Andy Denison said : ` They do seem to be fetching around the £ 200,000-mark now and there are rumours of them going higher than that . ` It seems like a lot of money but people are willing to pay that , even though they 've still got to rent the land from the council as well . ` It 's a beautiful part of the world and has some of the nicest beaches . ' A one-bedroom beach hut -LRB- pictured -RRB- measuring just 23ft by 6ft in Shaldon , Devon , went on sale for £ 245,000 in November 2012 . The beach hut is the same price as a five-bedroom house in Leominster , Herefordshire -LRB- left -RRB- , and more than a detached four-bedroom house in Kingswood , Hull -LRB- right -RRB- . For the same amount , you could buy this spacious two-bedroom apartment -LRB- pictured -RRB- in the Turnbull Building , Newcastle city centre . This traditional five-bedroom detached home in Blairgowrie , Perth , is also up for sale for the same amount as the beach hut .