A young cancer sufferer who proposed to his girlfriend hoping surgery would save his life is set to marry in hospital after being told he 's too ill for the operation and has just weeks to live . Jack Jordan , 23 , proposed to his girlfriend Laura Cant last Christmas from his hospital bed while suffering from leukaemia . The pair planned to wed after a bone marrow transplant , which they hoped would have given them a bright future together . Jack Jordan and his girlfriend Laura Cant , who are to marry tomorrow in hospital after being told he had just weeks to live . However , last week Mr Jordan was given the news that he was too ill to undergo the transplant and has just weeks to live . The couple have now quickly moved the wedding forward and are now set to become the first to marry in a ceremony at Torbay Hospital 's chapel . Miss Cant , 24 , of Brixham , Devon , said : `` No amount of drugs or treatment has worked for my Jack and he has now been given just a few weeks to live . ` We just want to be married . Jack did n't want to leave until he was any less than my husband . ` We have the nurses crying and everything . As devastating as this is to both our families , we are all planning on giving Jack the best day of his life . ` He is still my Jack . You would n't think anything was wrong except he is very tired . ` He sleeps all the time . In a very , very odd kind of way Jack was relieved when he was told the news last Friday because he does n't have to fight anymore . Mr Jordan had hoped to undergo a bone marrow transplant to prolong his life but was given the news last week that he was too ill for the surgery . Mr Jordan posted a picture on Facebook of his girlfriend wearing her engagement ring after proposing at Christmas . ` He is absolutely exhausted . I am spending every day and every night in hospital with him . ` I feel very numb . Jack is my strength . He is keeping me going . We are want makes us strong . ' The hospital chapel holds about 80 people and will be full of family and close friends . Leukaemia affects a person 's white blood cells . White blood cells are the important infection-fighting part of the immune system , made in your bone marrow . Patients with leukaemia produce an abnormal number of immature white blood cells which ` clog up ' their bone marrow . This stops bone marrow making other blood cells , which are vital for a balanced immune system and healthy blood . Acute leukaemia comes on suddenly , progesses quickly and needs to be treated urgently . Chronic leukaemia develops more slowly , over months or years . Common treatments for leukaemia include chemotherapy , radiotherapy or a bone marrow transplant . It is predicted that 48 % of men and 44 % of women will survive the disease for ten years or more . Miss Cant added : ` We have been told it is the first wedding that anybody can remember at the hospital chapel . ' Mr Jordan had planned the proposal during one of his girlfriend 's daily visits to the hospital . She added : ` It could have been in Paris . It was just Jack and me in our own little world . ` When I came in I thought it was odd because he had a new shirt on and shoes on . He was pottering and restless and nervous . ` He told me to sit down and he fumbled around on the other chair . ` As soon as he took the ring box out I burst into tears . He did it properly and got down on one knee even though it hurt . ` He said `` I want you to be my wife . Will you marry me ? '' I was shaking so hard . Now I wake up every day still head over heels . ' Mr Jordan , who has had a two-year battle with cancer , wrote on Facebook after proposing : ` I 'm so proud to call you my fiance Laura . ` You have made my life so much better since you and Lilly came into it . I love you both with all my heart x. ' The couple were in the same school year at Paignton Community College and met again around two years later after Laura saw him working in a nearby shop . They got together just after Valentine 's Day last year . She explained : ` As soon as I saw him in the shop I thought ` oh my god you 've blossomed since school ' . Then I used to find reasons to go down there every day . The couple were in the same school year at Paignton Community College but only started a relationship last year . ` I went in one day and they had a collection bucket for Jack who was ill in hospital . I ran home and private messaged him on Facebook . ' Miss Cant was so concerned she decided to make the 120 mile journey to Jack 's hospital in Bristol to surprise him . She said : ` He had no idea how much I liked him . ` It 's not really been an ordinary relationship since day one . ` It 's been hospital appointments and everything we do depends on his blood count . '