Eight guards at Nauru detention centre have been suspended after they posted anti-Islamic messages on social media and were pictured with Pauline Hanson at a recent Reclaim Australia rally . Detention centre operator Transfield Services said the employees -- who are part of Nauru 's emergency response team - were found to be contravening a company policy that they display ` cultural sensitivity ' . A former staffer at Transfield subcontractor Wilson Security said the guards -- seven of whom are former Australian Defence personnel - ` frequently referred to asylum seekers in their care as `` the enemy '' ' , The Guardian Australia reported . Nauru guards pictured with Pauline Hanson at the Reclaim Australia rally in Brisbane earlier this month . From left : Dan Connors , Cody Allen , Alan Hartley , Beau James , Pauline Hanson , Graham Motley , Simon Scott , a man who does not work on Nauru , Jamie Scannell and Harley Levanic . Some of the guards were found to have posted on their Facebook accounts promoting the controversial Reclaim Australia rallies -- which were held around the country on April 4 to protest against Islamisation and the influence of ` minorities ' and ` radical extremism ' in Australia . All eight men were pictured posing with former federal MP Pauline Hanson -- well known for her anti-immigration and anti-Halal stance - at the Brisbane Reclaim Australia event . In other social media posts some of the guards compared Muslims to Nazis while others accused companies with Halal-certified products of supporting terrorism . One guard , Harley Levanic , posted a picture to Facebook in February of a new neck tattoo bearing the word ` infidel ' and tagged a number of other guards asking ` Who is next boys ? ' Another guard , Beau James , commented on the photo : ` Welcome to the gang ... Well done old son . Looks awesome . ' Harley Levanic posted an image of a new neck tattoo reading ` Infidel ' with the caption ` Who is next boys ? ' Mr James appears in a Facebook photo wearing a T-shirt bearing the ` infidel ' slogan , and on the day before the Reclaim Australia rally he commented on a post linking Muslims to Nazis with the comment ` See yas tomoz boys !!! Bring your pitch forks ' , the Guardian Australia reported . Fellow guard Simon Scott -- whose Facebook profile has now been deleted -- posted messages slamming companies for carrying Halal-certified products . ` Do n't be UnAustralian and buy these products . Let the filthy sub human genetic Islamic filth have it , ' he posted . Mr Scott also claimed that detention centres were ' 90 % full of wealthy Iranians ' in Facebook comments that have been deleted but still appear on Google search cache . And on a post detailing a plan to settle refugees bound for Australia in Cambodia , Mr Scott wrote : ` I do n't care where they send them as long as they do n't send them to Australia . ' Fellow guard Simon Scott -- whose Facebook profile has now been deleted -- posted messages slamming companies for carrying Halal-certified products . Alan Hartley shared a pro-military cartoon with a caption urging people to attend ` take back australia rallies ' Alan Hartley shared a pro-military cartoon with the caption : ` This picture shows why we all have to go to the take australia back rallies around the country before we lose what guys like these sacrificed their lives for that islam and its muslim extremists are trying so hard to disrespect and destroy !!!!!!!!!! -LSB- sic -RSB- ' Transfield Services spokesman David Jamieson said the guards had all made social media posts that breached company policy , in addition to being pictured with Pauline Hanson . ` It 's not just the picture , ' Mr Jamieson told Daily Mail Australia . ` What they are alleged to have done appears to contravene policies we have around acceptance of cultural diversity . ` These sorts of actions are totally unacceptable and we 're very concerned . What is alleged to have been done is in no way representative of the broader workforce on Manus and Nauru . ' Mr Jamieson said the men had been stood down while an investigation was being conducted , and he did not know how long it would take . When asked if the company now planned to monitor the social media accounts of other guards , Mr Jamieson said : ` I 'm not going to comment on what we might or might not be doing . ' The men are part of the 'em ergency response team ' stationed at the detention centre on Nauru -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Former Immigration Minister Tony Burke listens to asylum seekers during his tour of facilities in Nauru in 2013 .