The world 's leading gold mining company has paid compensation to 11 women in remote Papua New Guinea after they were raped by the firm 's security guards and police , it was revealed today . The US-based Barrick Gold , which boasts that it is the world 's leading gold mining company , reached the out-of-court settlement when the women threatened to file a lawsuit in the US . One of the women was just a 14-year-old girl attending school in the northern Enga province when she was raped in 2010 , the Australian Broadcasting Corporation reported today . An American gold mining company has paid what is beleived to be a six-figure compensation to 11 women after they were raped by the firm 's security guards and police patrolling Porgera gold mine in Papua New Guinea . She and her classmates had made string bags for police officers who had been moved into the area to increase security around the company 's Porgera gold mine . Several police officers offered to pay her for her bags and offered to take her to an ATM to draw out the money . But she was taken , instead , to the mine site where she claims one of the armed policemen raped her . Barrick Gold , which boasts that it is the world 's leading gold mining company , reached the out-of-court settlement when the women threatened to file a lawsuit in the US . She told the ABC 's Pacific Beat programme before the settlement was reached that as a result of the rape ` I am now suffering - I would have been somebody if I completed my education . ` I was the best student in my class . Because of the rape my future is ruined . ' A second woman , identified as Jane Doe 4 , has revealed how she was collecting firewood when she was surrounded by security guards from the mine . Victims include a 14-year-old schoolgirl who was raped by police patrolling mine in 2010 . ` They hit me . They pushed me and I fell on some of the sharp rocks . ` Two of the guards , they took turns in raping me . I suffered very badly . ' The ABC said allegations of brutality had surrounded the mine even before Barrick Gold took it over in 2006 . In 2011 the allegations were exposed when a Human Rights Watch report documented six alleges cases of gang rape by the mine 's security guards . Responding to the report , Barrick set up a ` remedial framework ' to provide compensation to victims of brutality and more than 130 women accepted payments of around $ 10,000 , as long as they agreed not to take any future legal action . But 11 women rejected the offer as being grossly inadequate and planned a lawsuit in Nevada , where Barrick Gold has a number of mining operations . Now , after mediation , the mining company and the women have reached a confidential settlement and are said by Earth Rights International to be ` pleased with the results they are getting at this point . ' In a joint statement between Barrick Gold and Earth Rights International , it was announced that ` the women will receive compensation under the Porgera remedy framework and a payment in connection with their participation in the mediation process . '