She 's in rehab now , but the big question remains : What exactly happened at the Polo Lounge at the swank Beverly Hills Hotel that led to Kim Richards ' out of control behavior . The real housewife was arrested following an emotional breakdown after a heated exchange with the maître d' at the swanky bar of the Beverly Hills Hotel , Daily Mail Online can reveal . In a downward-spiral , the 50-year-old recovering alcoholic admitted to Dr Phil McGraw that she was drunk on the night of her arrest . Scroll down for exclusive video . Help : Kim Richards is now in a Malibu rehab , but the star was out of control when she was arrested at the Beverly Hills Hotel . She tells all to Dr Phil in a show that will air tomorrow . Pouring her heart out : The reality star admits to Dr Phil that she had a glass of vodka at her daughter Brooke 's house . ` A two inch drink ? ' Dr Phil asks . Kim answers , ` Oh yeah . ' Dr. Phil : ` Was this in a five gallon paint can ? ' Support system : Three of Richards ' four children , Chad , 22 and Kimberly , 20 , and Brooke , 29 , who were there to support their mother . The night ended with police officers dragging the kicking and screaming reality star out of a bathroom cubicle when she refused to come out because she was ` angry and frightened ' . The explosive account of what happened on the night of April 16 has emerged in an emotional interview Richards has given to Dr Phil that will air tomorrow . The Daily Mail Online has learned exclusive details from the session during which Richards -- who has battled with alcoholism for years -- told how she dramatically fell off the wagon . Dr Phil : If you 're an alcoholic that has fallen off the wagon , you 're at your daughter 's house and all of a sudden you 're in there pouring a drink , and then you roll into a bar at midnight , what , you 're already drunk when you get there , why , why would you not order a drink ? Kim : Because ... Dr Phil : Why would you go to a bar if you 're not going to order a drink ? Why not go to a pancake house ... . you could have gone to IHOP ?! Kim : Because I went there , because I was feeling the drink , and I did n't want to drive anymore . and I pulled in so I would n't be on the road . And I pulled in there because that 's a safe place for me . Dr Phil : You went to a bar ! Kim : That 's where I usually go . And I 've been going there for years . Dr Phil : You could have got a room , you could have gone into the lobby . Kim : I was just gon na sit down for a few minutes and just -- . Dr Phil : In a bar ! She says she pulled in to the Beverly Hills Hotel because she felt the glass of vodka she drank at her daughter Brooke 's house kick in . She knew she would be comfortable at the hotel . He ex-in laws -LRB- she was married to Gregg Davis , son of mogul Marvin Davis -RRB- owned the hotel and she 's been going there since she was a little girl . But soon after arriving at the famed hotel , Richards was asked to leave by the maître d' at The Polo Lounge after he claimed the wobbly Real Housewife began harassing two strangers at the bar . She had earlier been asked to return to her own table after approaching the couple , but when she refused , a furious row erupted and hotel security was called . The night ended with Richards ' well publicized arrest . The former child star turned Real Housewife claims she drove to the Beverly Hills Hotel at midnight on April 16 after drinking a large glass of vodka . Richards says she pulled into the hotel on her way home because she saw it as a ` comfortable , familiar ' place and felt the alcohol taking affect . Astonishingly , the mom-of-four insists she did n't head straight to the hotel bar with the intention of buying more alcohol . She told Dr. Phil she pulled into the hotel because she felt the alcohol was unexpectedly hitting her . Before entering the hotel she sat in the driveway for a while and cried . She went into the Polo Lounge and headed to a table in the corner where she always sits . There were some people at the table and she walked over and began chatting with them when the maître d' - who she says she did n't know - asked her to return to her own table . Richards said she did n't because the woman she was talking to said she could stay . Kim : I started to drive home , and it was about when I hit the hotel , that I started to feel it . So I pulled in because I 'm comfortable there , I 've been going there since I 'm a little girl ... . Dr. Phil : Did you order a drink when you got there ? Kim : I did not . The bar was closed . It was empty . I do know that when he mentioned the word trespassing . Dr. Phil : Who said trespassing to you ? Kim : The waiter . He said you know , ` If you do n't leave we 're going to call the police for trespassing . ' Dr. Phil : All of this is because you poured yourself . You said -- . Kim : Oh no , it was a good size . Dr. Phil : A two inch drink ? Kim : Oh yeah . Dr. Phil : Was this in a five gallon paint can ? What ? Kim : No . It was just in a glass . Dr. Phil : Let 's talk about the common sensibility of your story . Let 's assume this is somebody else . Okay and I leave and I 'm starting to feel it so I swing into the Beverly Hills Hotel and I go into the Polo and I 'm obviously impaired cause there 's somebody over there that I do n't know from Adam but I think I do . Kim : Right . Dr. Phil : And I go over to their table and start talking to them and I 'm just chatting them up but it 's enough that the maitre d' in a bar , which is a social scene comes over and says -- . Kim : When people drink -- . Dr. Phil : ` You need to go back over to your table here because ... ' Kim : Right . Dr. Phil : But then it gets to the point that he comes back and says , ` No you 're trespassing . You need to not only go back to your table , you need to leave this establishment . ' Kim : Right . Dr. Phil : Were you loud , were you obnoxious , were you crazy ? Admitting that the night was a little foggy , Richards said she went to talk to the stranger because she thought she knew her . She claims she did not have a drink at the hotel as the bar was shut but admitted she did n't remember much . But when the maître d' told her if she did n't leave he was going to call the police for trespassing she got bent out of shape . Since she first appeared on the hit reality show in 2010 , Richards ' sobriety has been her major storyline , with her recent relapse as the driving force between Kim and sister Kyle 's distant relationship . Tarnished star : Kim Richards leaving the Beverly Wilshire Hotel in Beverly Hills , where she had an emotionally-charged interview with Dr Phil McGraw . Her sister Kathy Hilton is seen behind . Scene of the Crime : Kim pulled into the hotel because she was feeling the effects of the glass of vodka she drank . Last week we revealed how embattled Richards stormed out of the Dr Phil interview , broke down in tears and went into full meltdown . Observers revealed she bolted from the room where Dr Phil had offered to help place her in a top treatment program . But Richards apparently snubbed Dr Phil 's offer of help as eyewitnesses in the hallway heard her scream ` F *** ' , and other obscenities when she ran out of the room and down the hall . TMZ reported that Kim entered a Malibu rehab facility over the weekend . Dr Phil 's interview with Richards is set to air tomorrow , April 28 , her first for a national audience since the arrest .