Women travelling on the London Underground are being urged to report sexual assaults in a new initiative . Transport for London has launched a campaign to tackle abuse on public transport , with a video in which a female commuter is groped while on the Tube . The uncomfortable footage - which uses actors - sees the woman hounded by an increasingly persistent male , who looks her up and down , gets on to the same train carriage and then gropes her . Scroll down for video . Unsettling : Transport for London has launched a new campaign to tackle sexual assault on public transport , with a video in which a female commuter is groped on The Underground . Every time the man steps up his creepy efforts , the narrator - Broadchurch actress Olivia Coleman - asks : ` Would you report it ? ' After the man , who is clearly wearing a wedding ring , gropes his victim , she moves to a separate part of the carriage , only for him to shuffle up behind her . ` He pushes his groin right into you , ' the narrator says . ` Would you report it ? ' According to TLC , one in ten Londoners have experienced unwanted sexual behaviour on public transport , but 90 per cent of these incidents go unreported . The campaign 's website reads : ` You can report anything of a sexual nature , including rubbing , groping , masturbation , leering , sexual comments , indecent acts , or someone taking photos of you without your consent . ' The uncomfortable footage - which uses actors - sees the woman hounded by an increasingly persistent male , who looks her up and down , then gets onto the same train carriage as her . Every time the man steps up his creepy efforts , in this case groping her rear , the narrator - Broadchurch actress Olivia Coleman - asks , ` Would you report it ? ' TLC states : ` You do n't have to prove that it was a criminal offence or intentional to report it , we can investigate that for you . ` No incident is too small or trivial . Our officers are trained to deal with these sort of cases . We will treat you with respect and dignity . ` You will always be believed and you will always be taken seriously . The man , who is wearing a prominent wedding ring , continues to find excuses to move closer to his victim . According to TLC , one in ten Londoners have experienced unwanted sexual behaviour on public transport , but 90 per cent of these incidents go unreported . Speaking about the campaign , British Transport Police assistant chief constable said : ` We want the travelling public to feel confident that we take every sexual incident seriously no matter what has happened . ' The video , entitled Report It To Stop It , is part of TfL 's Project Guardian initiative , which was launched two years ago . Since then , the British Transport Police has seen a 25 per cent increase in the number of sexual assaults being reported .