If you have ever wanted to roll down a drawbridge to let your guests come through the battlement towers to your castle ... now you have your chance ! A 12th century castle that was once used as a fortress by Napoleon has gone on the market for a gigantic £ 4,887,164 -LRB- $ 7,510,569 -RRB- . Castello Baronale , situated just 31 miles -LRB- 50 km -RRB- from Rome , towers 3,280 ft over sea level , and includes nine en-suite bedrooms , a further two bedrooms in an adjacent apartment , a lavish ballroom , library , gym and even a theatre . King of your castle ! Castello Baronale has been tastefully restored to combine modern living whilst maintaining remnants of the property 's illustrious past . Grand entrance ! The original wooden drawbridge remains intact between two of the castles rectangular battlement towers -LRB- left -RRB- , with a Venetian library inside to impress guests -LRB- right -RRB- . Those who love books will be enticed by the incredible library decorated in the Venetian style and historians will be enthralled by a further room dedicated to a collection of military armour and weaponry . Elisa Biglia , Head of International Office Co-ordinator at Great Estate Group , said : ` The impressive castle has an intriguing architectural layout and an amazing view . ` The entire structure is in an excellent state of repair . All fixtures and fittings are to the very highest standards . ' After dinner entertainment : Relax watching a movie in your own home cinema , that can be used for theatrical productions . Luxury setting ! A relaxing spa room is set within the castle 's walls , for a peaceful retreat after a hard day 's work . Dip with a view ! Sunbathe on a lounger , or take a swim in the castle 's sizeable pool , which boasts picturesque views of the Italian countryside . As well as looking foreboding , the castle boasts a colourful history as well . Built in the 12th century , the castle was born by Pope Urban VIII 's nephew , Cardinal Barberini , in 1541 . The fort remained in the family for 400 years , until it was sacked by Napoleon when he plundered the castle 's gold and used it as a fortress for the French Revolutionary troops between 1796 and 1800 . It was handed back to the Barberini family when Napoleon was defeated , and remained in their family until 1993 when the property was sold and redeveloped . Not for the faint hearted , the castle shows remnants of military quarters with ammunition storage areas , firing positions , ancient prison cells and even an area previously used for carrying out executions . The castle has stone towers , and even a wooden drawbridge , to fulfil all your childhood fantasies of living in a fort . The 12th century castle has been tastefully kept and preserved over the years , since when it used to belong to the Barberini family . Knight of the round table ? An impressive table sits among bookcases in the stunning castle that was once taken by Napoleon . Work out in the gym area , or relax in the luxurious spa section of the castle , situated just 50 km from Rome . In 1541 the nephew of Pope Urban VIII , Cardinal Barberini , bought the property that was then kept in the family for over 400 years . The castle was sacked by Napoleon Bonaparte when he plundered all of the estate 's gold and used the castle as a fortress for French Revolutionary troops between 1796 and 1800 . The castle incorporates nine en-suite bedrooms , along with a further 2 rooms in an adjacent apartment , a large ballroom , various reception rooms , theatre room , library , gymnasium and fitness area . Elisa Biglia , Head of International Office Co-ordinator at Great Estate Group , said : ` The impressive castle has an intriguing architectural layout and an amazing view . ` The entire structure is in an excellent state of repair . All fixtures and fittings are to the very highest standards ' Castello Baronale , situated just 50 km from Rome , towers 3,280 ft over sea level and can be yours for a whopping £ 4,887,164 .