A husband accused of trying to murder his cheating wife was ready to let her have sex with another man once a month as long as she stayed with him , his trial heard yesterday . A close friend told how Joseph O'Riordan , 74 , had confided in him about the extraordinary plan for his 47-year-old wife Mandy . O'Riordan , a councillor and former nightclub owner , stabbed her eight times in a jealous rage after finding out she had been having an affair with a postman . Extraordinary deal : Joseph O'Riordan stabbed his wife of ten years Amanda -LRB- left -RRB- with a seven inch kitchen knife eight times - yesterday Brighton Crown Court heard he was considering allowing her to have affairs . She suffered life-threatening injuries after being knifed in the torso , chest , arms and back . The jury was also shown dramatic footage of the moment police arrived at the couple 's home to be greeted by a ` calm ' O'Riordan opening the door . The revelation of his proposal for keeping his wife of ten years came from Alfred Harris . He told how O'Riordan had confided five days before the attack that he believed she was having an affair . O'Riordan was ` choked up and emotional ' when he said : ` I think Amanda is playing away . She 's getting her nails and hair done more regularly , she 's been on a diet and does n't want sex . ' Asking for a suit : O'Riordan sent his wife this letter from his prison cell . The following day , added Mr Harris , the men met for a pub lunch in O'Riordan 's home village of Polegate , East Sussex . ` I saw Joe and he told me that Amanda had been seeing someone else -- a guy who drove a van . Joe said he loved Amanda to bits and if she wanted to have sex with someone else once a month that would be okay as long as she stayed with him . ' In a statement read to Brighton Crown Court , Mr Harris also described the couple as ` loving and close ' . He was ` so shocked ' to learn that O'Riordan had attacked his wife at their flat on a residential care home estate . The jury saw images of four police officers , one of whom was wearing a lapel camera , arriving shortly before 10 pm last October 22 after racing to the scene . PC Dave Catt said they drew their ` incapacitating ' sprays fearing the knifeman would be still holding his weapon . They were greeted by O'Riordan wearing a blood-spattered light blue shirt and holding a cordless phone on which he had phoned for an ambulance . Mr Catt said O'Riordan admitted : ` I found out that she was having an affair and I lost it . ' Mrs O'Riordan was moaning and lying on a bed , holding a towel to her stomach with a deep chest wound and serious wounds to her hand and back . Paramedics arrived moments later and took her to hospital . Jurors looked at two screens as images of her husband 's arrest and subsequent detention at a police station were shown . Growing suspicion : Giving evidence yesterday Alfred Harris -- a friend of the couple for more than six years -- told how O'Riordan had confided in him that he believed his wife was having an affair . Yesterday , jurors at Brighton Crown Court -LRB- above -RRB- were shown dramatic footage of the moment police arrived at the couple 's home to be greeted by a ` calm ' Mr O'Riordan opening the door . PC Stuart Kenway told how , as O'Riordan had opened the door , he ` appeared calm and composed and the situation was surreal ' as he then said : ` She is in the bedroom -- do you want the knife ? ' Officers were directed to a 7in blade with a black handle which was in the kitchen . Dr Stephen Drage , an intensive care consultant with Brighton and Sussex University Hospitals , told the jury how seriously Mrs O'Riordan was hurt . ` It is quite clear she was bleeding to death , ' he said . ` She underwent life-saving surgery which took six hours . ' O'Riordan denies attempted murder . The trial continues . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .