This is the moment a baby horse mimics a dog as it rolls over and nuzzles with its handler on the ground . Footage shows the seven-day-old foal nuzzling Sunny Bayne 's shoulder before pushing her to the ground and lying on top of her belly . The young rider from Kentucky ca n't stop smiling at the animal 's silly antics . ` This is the best day of my life , ' she exclaims as the cuddling session continues . The pony appears completely at ease and he stretches out his legs in a bid to further his relaxation . ` Look at him , ' Bayne says to the camera as she pets the pony 's brown coat . Finally , after almost a minute , the creature decides he 's had enough and he gets back up to four hooves . Another adult horse is seen on the sidelines watching the heartwarming petting session unfold . To date the clip of Bayne has received thousands of hits online . Pony love : Footage shows the seven-day-old foal nuzzling Sunny Bayne 's shoulder before pushing her to the ground and lying on top of her belly . Comical moment : The horse rider from Kentucky ca n't stop smiling at the animal 's bizarre antics . Many viewers have deemed the video ` adorable ' and ` cute ' . Bayne later identified the owner of the foal as Florida-based Meg Miranda . She also described her amazement at the response the video quickly received . ` I am in awe and complete shock that this video has went viral ! I love horses with every fiber of my being , ' she wrote in a Facebook status update . Internet stars : Bayne later identified the owner of the foal as Florida-based Meg Miranda - she also described her amazement at the response the video quickly received . ` Horses have a way about them that touches my soul . Every now and again horse people come across a horse that places a mark on their heart . This one truly touched my heart and soul . ' She said just moments before the camera started rolling , the foal galloped up to her and started playing . ` I could feel her love and curiosity . She walked all over me and I was okay with that because , I mean ... look at her , ' she wrote . ` Then we rolled around and played like kids . She melted my heart that day and I believe it 's safe to say that she melted a few million other peoples hearts . She is ONE in a million ! ' . '