Conversation is limited to ` mummy ' and ` bye bye ' and simply standing up unaided is a major achievement . But 11-month-old babies have already mastered the fundamentals of physics . Baby boys and girls were surprised when a ball seemed to disappear through a solid wall . Their curiosity did not end there . When they were then given the ball to play with , they repeatedly banged it on a table in an apparent attempt to work out its secret . Scroll down for video . Babies in the study reacted with surprise when objects like this toy car appeared to break the laws of gravity . The babies were similarly perplexed by a toy car that appeared to defy the laws of gravity and float in thin air . And given it to play with later , they repeatedly dropped it on the floor . Importantly , the babies shown the magic tricks were more interested in playing with the ball than a brand new toy that they had never seen before . Babies might be smarter than we had previously thought and can understand complex social situations from the age of just 13 months old . A study by psychologists at the University of Missouri has found that infants are able to comprehend what constitutes bullying , friendship and what it means to be a bystander . In an experiment with puppets they responded to different scenarios in a way that suggested they were more engaged than had been expected . The findings indicated the newborns had ` strong feelings about how people should deal with a character who hits others ' , the researchers said . And they did better than others on a learning test , in which they had to link a specific sound to the ball . This , say the US researchers , suggests that babies learn from the unexpected , something that is important in a world in which we are constantly bombarded with information . Professor Lisa Feigenson , of Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore , said : ` For young learners , the world is an incredibly complex place filled with dynamic stimuli . ` How do learners know what to focus on and what to learn more about and what to ignore ? ` Our research suggests that infants use what they already know about the world to form predictions . ` When these predictions are shown to be wrong , infants use this as a special opportunity for learning . ` When babies are surprised , they learn much better , as though they are taking the occasion to try to figure something out about their world . ' The professor studied 11-month-olds because they were old enough to sit and watch the ball and to pick it up and play with it . A ball was rolled down a slope and apparently passed through a solid wall in one magic trick in the study . Babies repeatedly droped the car after being shown the magic trick as they attempted to learn what happened . However , previous studies have shown that much younger babies and newborn animals have surprising amounts of knowledge about maths and physics , including whether an object should be able to pass through a solid wall . Writing in the journal Science , she said that some information may be so fundamental to survival that we are born with it . Lead author Aimee Stahl said that young babies are ` remarkably sophisticated thinkers ' . She added : ` It 's easy to look at a baby and see a blank slate but actually babies have rich , sophisticated expectations about the world . ` Infants are not only equipped with core knowledge about fundamental aspects of the world but , from early in their lives , they harness this knowledge to empower new learning . ' After seeing the ball trick babies would bang it on the table more as they attempted to uncover its secrets . The graphic above shows the reactions of the babies after seeing magic tricks that defied their expectations . The babies in the study were given choices about the toys they would play with after watching a magic trick . Children who can accurately depict the human form at the age of four are more likely to be brighter in their teenage years , according to a study published last summer . Psychologists at King 's College London studied pictures drawn by more than 15,000 four-year-olds who were identical ans non-identical twins . Those who drew with the most skill were likely to do better in intelligence tests a decade later . The children were asked at the age of four to draw a picture of a child . Each figure was scored between 0 and 12 depending on the presence of features such as a head , nose , ears , hair , body and arms . The children were given verbal and non-verbal intelligence tests at the time they completed the drawing , and again at the age of 14 . The researchers found a definite correlation between the drawing scores and the two sets of intelligence scores . Dr Rosalind Arden , of the Institute of Psychiatry at King 's College London , said : ` Our results show that there is a link between the ability to draw at the age of four and intelligence later in life . ` Through drawing , we are attempting to show someone else what 's in our mind . ` This capacity to reproduce figures is a uniquely human ability and a sign of cognitive ability , in a similar way to writing , which transformed the human species ' ability to store information and build a civilisation . '