Brendan Rodgers has met with Raheem Sterling to remind the him of his responsibilities as a role model - but the Liverpool starlet has escaped club punishment after being pictured holding a shisha pipe . Sterling was critcised by Rodgers after being caught on video inhaling nitrous oxide before pictures emerged of him holding a shisha pipe alongside young team-mate Jordon Ibe . However , the midfielder has once again not been fined after the Liverpool boss spoke to him as well as Ibe on Thursday and the club insist the case is now closed . Brendan Rodgers has met with Sterling to remind him of his professional responsibilities at Liverpool . Rodgers and Sterling were locked in discussions at the Melwood training ground on Friday . Liverpool players Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe have been pictured holding a shisha pipe . This is the second time Sterling has been pictured with a shisha pipe in the last week . Jordon Ibe has also been warned by Rodgers after the youngster was pictured alongside Sterling . Sterling , 20 , and Ibe , 19 , were pictured during what is believed to be a visit to a shisha cafe in London earlier this season . Sterling met Liverpool manager Rodgers and he was reminded of his professional responsibilities and warned about the consequences of taking a drug that has been called ` hippy crack ' . It has been a controversial week for Sterling , who has 14 caps for England , all coming in the wake of his interview with the BBC in which he revealed why he had rejected a £ 100,000-a-week deal at Liverpool . Several clubs , including Arsenal , have withdrawn their interest in the midfielder in the light of recent images . Sterling is all smiles during training as he completes a sprinting drill alongside Philippe Coutinho . It appears that Sterling and Ibe each have a shisha pipe and are also drinking Fanta . Sterling was pictured on social media smoking a shisha pipe in a story published over the weekend . Sterling was also filmed apparently inhaling nitrous oxide - known as ` hippy crack ' Rodgers questioned Sterling 's professionalism on Monday after footage emerged of the 20-year-old unconscious in his house in Southport having taken nitrous oxide with two unnamed friends , but has yet to speak publicly about the pictures with Ibe . They are believed to have been taken last September , and both are seen smiling and joking as they hold on to the pipes in the bar . Liverpool offered no comment on those photos and the club maintained the matter would be dealt with internally . Sterling is expected to line up in the FA Cup semi-final against Aston Villa at Wembley on Sunday . Sterling celebrates with Ibe after he opened the scoring against Newcastle in the Premier League on Monday .