Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers had his conviction for neglecting a rental property quashed , it has emerged . The Anfield boss was fined at Blackburn Magistrates ' Court for leaving a £ 69,950 terrace house in Accrington , Lancashire , with broken windows and doors and rubbish strewn across the garden . The court confirmed the conviction when approached yesterday . However , Hyndburn Borough Council , which took the action , said in a subsequent statement that both Rodgers and co-owner Judith O'Hagan had their case overturned at a later hearing . Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers was convicted of leaving a property in Accrington to rot , but subsequently had his conviction overturned because he did not receive a summons . Rodgers was originally told to fix the windows , doors and roof , and to remove the rubbish from the garden . Mark Hoyle , Head of Regeneration and Housing , said : ` Brendan Rodgers and Judith O'Hagan were convicted in their absence of failing to comply with a notice served on them by the council pursuant to s79 Building Act , contrary to S 99 of that Act . ` However the case against them both was overturned under section 14 Magistrates Courts Act 1980 at Blackburn Magistrates Court on the 28th April 2014 in the case of Brendan Rogers , and on the 9th July 2014 in the case of Miss O'Hagan , as neither Mr Rodgers or Miss O'Hagan had received the court summons . ' The pair had been ordered to fix the windows , doors and roof , and to remove the rubbish , but the house was left to rot . Both Rodgers and O'Hagan , who bought the property in August 2007 , were absent when found guilty at Blackburn Magistrates ' Court . They were ordered to both pay a £ 400 fine and £ 375 costs , with a £ 40 surcharge . The house is located in an area of Accrington which is undergoing a £ 13million regeneration project to sort out over 200 derelict empty properties . An improvement notice , as served to Rodgers and O'Hagan , requires a landlord to carry out work to deal with a hazard associated with a property . If the landlord does not do the work , or ` reasonable progress ' is not made , the local authority can carry out work itself and claim the costs back from the landlord . They were convicted in December 2013 of failing to comply with an enforcement notice under Section 79 of the Building Act 1984 . Rodgers is also believed to own properties in London , near his former club Reading , and in Northern Ireland . Rodgers has a contract with Liverpool until 2018 . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .