Amir Khan has ended speculation over his next opponent by announcing he will fight former light-welterweight world champion Chris Algieri on May 30 . The Bolton fighter had earlier this week come under increasing pressure to take on British rival and IBF welterweight champion Kell Brook in June . However , Khan , who was also linked with bouts against Adrien Broner and Keith Thurman , said he was already deep in negotiations to fight somebody else . Amir Khan -LRB- left -RRB- has announced his next fight will be against Chris Algieri at welterweight on May 30 . Khan 's -LRB- right -RRB- last fight came against Devon Alexander in December , whom he beat to take his record to 30-3 . Algieri -LRB- left -RRB- lost his last bout against Manny Pacquiao in November - his first defeat in his professional career . Algieri was knocked down six times en route to a heavily lopsided points loss in Macau . And on his wife 's YouTube channel Khan announced : ` The next opponent will be Chris Algieri . I will be taking that fight at 147 lbs -LRB- the welterweight limit -RRB- . ' The fight has yet to be rubber-stamped , but Khan added : ` I 'm looking forward to getting this fight announced officially by my manager and advisor Al Haymon . ' -LRB- His management team -RRB- think it 's the right fight for me , they want to keep me going . ' Algieri 's only defeat in his 21-fight professional career came in his last bout against Filipino superstar Manny Pacquiao , who faces Floyd Mayweather in a mega-fight on May 2 . Algieri was knocked down six times en route to a heavily lopsided points loss in November last year . Yet Khan believes his American foe is a credible opponent as he wrested the WBO light-welterweight title off the much feared Ruslan Provodnikov in June 2014 . Khan said : ` You can class him as an A-class opponent . ` He has fought decent opponents , beaten decent opponents , and just fell short against Manny Pacquiao , which is an A star opponent . ` He 's a decent boxer overall . He knows how to box and knows how to move well . He takes a decent amount of shots and he 's got a decent amount of power , so I think overall it 's going to be a good fight for me . ' The 28-year-old hopes to fight in Algieri 's home city of New York , with Khan 's only previous outing there an 11th-round stoppage of Paulie Malignaggi at Madison Square Garden in May 2010 . Adrien Broner -LRB- right -RRB- had been relentless in calling out of Khan since his comfortable win over John Molina Jr . Khan -LRB- pictured in March 2014 -RRB- hopes to fight Algieri 's home city of New York next month . Khan -LRB- right -RRB- has fought once before in New York - where he defeated Paulie Malignaggi in May 2010 . This time , though , Khan wants the non-title bout at the Barclays Center as he said : ` We 're looking at fighting in New York , I think New York 's a great venue for me . ` Having that fight in New York will be good for the UK fans in a way because it will give them a chance to travel and it wo n't be as far as going to -LRB- Las -RRB- Vegas . ` This time I 'd like to fight at the Barclays Center , which I 've never fought at . ' Khan has made no secret of his desire to chase lucrative showdowns against Mayweather or Pacquiao and is confident a win over Algieri can lead him to that . ` Hopefully this can lead me on to the bigger fights in the future , which is what I 'm looking at , ' he added . But Khan 's announcement has left IBF welterweight champion Brook disappointed . Sheffield 's Brook retained his world strap with a four-round destruction of Jo Jo Dan a week ago and immediately called out regular verbal sparring partner Khan . The two have spent the week trading barbs - with Brook offering a June 13 date at Wembley for an all-British bout - but Khan made it clear he was going his own way when announcing his next opponent on Thursday . The Bolton man said he will face Chris Algieri in New York on May 30 and Brook can not understand the move . After Kell Brook 's victory over Jo Jo Dan on March 1 , he called out Amir Khan in a post-match interview . Khan has previously refused a fight with Brook , but now promises it will take place within 12 months . ` If someone said to me you can get five million quid , a world title , fight at Wembley with a fight that every fan wants to see , it 's a no-brainer for me , ' 28-year-old Brook told BBC 5 Live . ` He 's fighting Algieri who did n't win a round against -LRB- Manny -RRB- Pacquiao , a feather puncher , not a big puncher . It does n't make sense to me . ` I 'm world champion , I 'm calling him out , we want the fight , there 's a word title and a bagful of money and it does n't make sense that he 's fighting this guy who 's bringing nothing to the table . ` He 's said he 'll fight me before but when it comes to it , I do n't get why he does n't want to fight me . Yes -LRB- I feel frustrated -RRB- , wherever I go it 's always Amir Khan , when are you going to fight him ? ` He 's delicate around the whiskers , he knows I 'm a big strong welterweight and he knows I 'm coming for that chin of his . ' Khan hit back on Twitter , though , saying : ` Seems to me Kel Brook is dying to fight me for the big pay day before he faces a half decent opponent and loses that IBF title . '