Every one of Africa 's 54 member countries will vote for Sepp Blatter in next month 's FIFA presidential election , the continent 's soccer boss said on Tuesday , referring to the 79-year-old Swiss as ` dear Sepp . ' In front of Blatter 's three challengers , Issa Hayatou , president of the Confederation of African Football , promised unanimous support in his speech to open CAF 's annual congress in Cairo . ` Africa is comfortable having you . Africa stays with you , ' Hayatou said , according to a transcript of his comments provided by CAF . Sepp Blatter -LRB- left -RRB- has received the full backing of African football 's president Issa Hayatou -LRB- right -RRB- . Blatter was also present , and made a speech to the African football leaders in his role as FIFA president . Although the individual countries do n't have to follow Hayatou 's directive , Africa is expected to be a strong base of support for Blatter . With 54 of the 209 FIFA member countries eligible to vote in the presidential election in Zurich on May 29 , Africa is the largest of the six continental confederations . The praise Blatter received in Egypt contrasted to his uncomfortable reception at the UEFA congress last month , when his presidency was criticized by the three candidates standing against him , and some European officials . Luis Figo -LRB- left -RRB- and Michael van Pragg -LRB- right -RRB- are opposing Blatter and have chosen to run for presidency . Hayatou , a FIFA vice president and now an ally of Blatter after failing to unseat him in 2002 , made an apparent reference to that UEFA congress on Tuesday . ` Dear Sepp , ' he said . ` I want to reiterate that here in Africa you are never on some strange or hostile territory . You shall always be at home here , on this continent . ' Blatter is seeking a fifth term in office to extend a reign that began in 1998 . FIFA vice president Prince Ali bin al-Hussein of Jordan , Dutch FA head Michael van Praag , and former Portugal international Luis Figo are standing against him . Prince Ali bin al-Hussein is the third challenger and the FIFA vice-president was in attendance in Zimbabwe . Those three challengers wo n't be addressing CAF delegates like they did at UEFA 's congress . CAF said the three were attending merely as ` observers . ' In his speech , Blatter reflected on Africa 's achievements during his time as FIFA president , including the continent 's first World Cup in South Africa in 2010 . He said Cameroon 's Hayatou , who has led CAF for 27 years despite allegations of corruption and an official reprimand by the IOC , was a ` pillar ' of African football , according to CAF .