When TV star Karren Brady agreed to help David Cameron announce 16,000 new apprenticeships today she might have been hoping to steal a little of the limelight from the Prime Minister . However , the businesswoman and Apprentice judge was instead relegated to coat duty , helping Mr Cameron with his jacket as he stood to speak , before sitting politely with it on the sidelines . Baroness Brady , who is also the government 's small business ambassador , was appearing alongside Mr Cameronat a National Grid training centre in Newark , Nottinghamshire , to announce the creation of more trainee jobs for young people . Scroll down for video . Helping hand : Baroness Brady steps forward to help David Cameron with his jacket at an event today to promote new apprenticeships . Sidelined : TV star Ms Brady might have been hoping for a slightly more galmorous role when she agreed to the appearance with Mr Cameron , but instead sat politely holding his jacket . Campaign trail : She attended the speech along with Mr Cameron to announce the creation of 16,000 new apprenticeships at Costa , Morrisons , and the National Grid . Mr Cameron has pledged to create three million more apprenticeships over the next five years , if the Tories win the election . Costa Coffee and supermarket chain Morrisons have signed agreements to train thousands of apprentices each . Ministers will visited firms across the country to welcome fresh commitments from companies including Morrisons , who will train 9,000 apprentices ; Crest Nicholson , who will take on 200 and announce a new training academy ; and the National Grid , who will take on 500 new apprentices . Ahead of their campaign visit today , Baroness Brady said : ` David Cameron 's commitment to delivering more apprenticeships is a fantastic boost for the long-term prospects of our young people . ' She added : ` With 2.2 million starting since 2010 and another 3million more to start over the next five years , each apprenticeship is a chance for young people to master a trade , learn on the job and take home money in your pocket each week . ` They 've become more rigorous and respected too : we 've got young people building engines for jet planes , working on massive engineering projects , innovating in science labs . ' The star of the BBC show The Apprentice said : ` I remember that feeling of being 18 , 19 , 20 years old , hungry to get on and desperate for someone to give me an opportunity so I could prove myself . As soon as someone gives you a chance and believes in you -- it 's a moment that can transform your life . ` I 've met many apprentices -LRB- apart from the Lord Sugar hopefuls -RRB- and you can see the pride written across their faces . ' TV star Karren Brady , pictured in Newark today , announced a series of deals with big businesses to create 16,000 new apprenticeships . David Cameron - on the campaign trail in Newark today - said the announcement shows the Conservatives continuing commitment to apprenticeships , which he wants to be ` level pegging ' with university degress . Mr Cameron added : ` There really has never been a better time to start an apprenticeship and it 's a huge leap forward to have even more of Britain 's most prestigious employers hiring apprentices . ` We want apprenticeships to be level-pegging with a university degree , giving millions more people the dignity of work and a regular pay packet . ` We 've already created 2.2 million apprenticeships since 2010 , but a future Conservative government is committed to opening up 3million more high quality apprenticeships -- to help strengthen our economy and communities and give millions more people financial security . ' Mr Cameron has pledged to create three million more apprenticeships over the next five years , if the Tories win the election . Mr Cameron and the Education Secretary Nicky Morgan watched a bell being cast during a visit to John Taylor Bell Foundry in Loughborough .