The mother of a primary school pupil who told a Labour MP he supported Ukip because he wanted to get ` all the foreigners out the country ' has admitted she 's embarrassed by the exchange . Tristram Hunt , the shadow education secretary , was visiting the primary school in Derby where he was filmed asking the year six pupil who he would vote for in next month 's election if he could . Video of the conversation shows the Labour MP was stunned by the statement , which a Ukip spokesman claimed shows the schoolboy had been ` drinking in propaganda ' from the party 's rivals . The mother of the 10-year-old has said she has now sat down her son and explained ` it is n't about being foreign ' . But she added : ` I do personally support an Australian points system . ' Scroll down for video . Tristram Hunt , the shadow education secretary , had asked the youngster who he would vote for in next month 's election if he could take part . The mother , who wished to remain anonymous , told MailOnline she was 'em barrassed ' after the video went viral online . She added : ` I can see the funny side , but it is a but embarrassing . ` I do n't really think my son understands the impact of what he said . I think he 's just heard people talking . ` His dad agrees with some of UKIP 's policies , but I have n't decided who I am going to vote for yet . ` When my son told me what he 'd said , I sat him down and explained it is n't about being foreign . But I do personally support an Australian points system - if you have something to offer the country when you are coming in that 's fair enough . ' Mr Hunt , who was visiting a primary school in Derbyshire as part of the election campaign , asked the year six child : ` Do you know who you would vote for ? ' When the child said Ukip , Mr Hunt replied , ` Very good ' and asked why . The youngster replied : ` To get all the foreigners out the country . ' A Labour spokesman admitted to MailOnline that Mr Hunt had been taken aback by the schoolboy 's remarks . He said : ` We at a school in Derbyshire , in a classroom . I 'll admit we were a little bit surprised by the remark . ' A Labour shadow minister was left gobsmacked after a primary school pupil told him he supported Ukip -- because he wanted to get ` all the foreigners out the country ' Mr Hunt appeared taken aback by the child 's support for Ukip to get all the foreigners out the country . The exchange at Howitt Primary School at Heanor , Derbyshire , was recorded by BBC East Midlands and broadcast last night . Today the headteacher said that the unnamed boy 's comments were ` not representative of the school ' . The school has more than 400 pupils aged three to 11 and spent the last two years in special measures until January this year . Its latest Ofsted report says : ` Most pupils come from White British backgrounds . There are very few pupils from other heritage groups or who speak English as an additional language ' . In the town of Heanor , which is 10 miles north of Derby , 98.2 per cent of the population is white . Nigel Farage yesterday insisted Ukip was not anti-immigration . In 2006 a Channel 5 documentary dubbed the town the ` skinhead capital of Britain ' when the BNP came second in a council by-election and a government advisor said later that it was one of a few ` unhealthily all white ' towns in the UK . The remarks come just 24 hours after Ukip claimed it was not an anti-immigrant party . A Ukip spokesman today claimed the boy had been brainwashed by the media . He said : ` Sadly I suspect the child has been drinking in all the propaganda . This is the information that people are continually being told , but it 's not true . ` I thought it was rather sad that he thinks that is what Ukip is for . But it is not a surprise because that is how we are portrayed in the media . ' The party 's manifesto chief Suzanne Evans cast doubt on the party 's promise to ban unskilled workers for five years before telling supporters that Ukip was not anti-immigration . In remarks which risk angering supporters opposed to foreigners arriving in the UK , Mrs Evans said : ` Ukip is not anti-immigration . Immigrants are not the problem . It 's our current immigration system that is the problem . ` We will not pull up the drawbridge , we will simply start to control who walks over it . ' However the manifesto includes a pledge to limit net migration to 50,000 and introduce a total ban on unskilled migration for five years . Yesterday it emerged Ukip has abandoned hopes of winning dozens of seats at the General Election and is now targeting just ten . The party reduced the number of constituencies where it is concentrating resources as it loses ground in the polls . A party strategist said ` something extraordinary ' would now need to happen for it to win in places outside its target list . Since October , support for Ukip has tumbled from 19 to just 12 per cent as voters focus on the big choice between Labour and the Tories at the election .