A science lecturer determined to teach people about different brain regions has shaved her head during an educational video . The clip shows Nancy Kanwisher , a professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , chopping at her shoulder-length bob with scissors just a few seconds into a lecture . A graduate student then uses an electronic razor to shave the rest off , with piles of hair left on a bench in front of a projector . The short video was posted on the scientist 's Brain Talks website , which is designed to teach people about the different methods of studying the brain . Ms Kanwisher , 56 , said : ` I thought it would be a fun way to draw attention to my site where I have posted lots of short videos talking about the cool things we have learned about the human mind and brain . ` There is a lot of silly stuff about the human mind on the web that misses out on the real science - and that is a shame because the real science is just as exciting . ` In just the last couple of decades we have discovered some truly fundamental and exciting things about the human mind and brain . ' During the footage Ms Kanwisher is heard explaining : ` It is hard to tell -LSB- what the different regions are -RSB- with all this hair in the way so let 's take care of that . ' After the haircut the student used permanent markers to draw the different brain regions on Ms Kanwisher 's bare scalp . Nancy Kanwisher -LRB- left ; right -RRB- , a professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , shaved her head during a lesson about different brain regions . After the haircut a student used a permanent marker to draw the different brain regions on Ms Kanwisher 's bare scalp -LRB- above -RRB- . The professor introduced the ` cool part of the brain ' - the cortex - before highlighting the area that specifically responds to faces . She also points out the regions that react to bodies , places and languages , as well as one that is only used when a person is thinking about what someone else is thinking . It is not the first time the professor has played an active role in one of her educational videos . In another she allowed her brain to be zapped with transcranial magnetic stimulation - a noninvasive method used to stimulate small regions of the brain . Ms Kanwisher added : ` I hope to keep expanding the site to cover other new topics - when I think up wacky ways to dramatize science I will do them . Stay tuned ! '