Finding a prom partner can be stressful . And for openly-gay high school junior , Anthony Martinez , he 'd reached his wits ' end trying to find a ` boy date ' . In a last-ditch attempt to find a suitor for his May 2 dance in Nevada , he tuned to social media and was over-joyed when his straight guy friend , Jacob Lescenski , stepped in to fill the spot . He was even more touched when his guy pal came up with an extra special promposal idea which has since garnered thousands of ` Likes ' and retweets online . Lescenski greeted Martinez in the locker room at Desert Oasis High School on Tuesday morning with a huge pink banner reading : ` You 're hella gay , I 'm hella str8 , but you 're like my brother , so be my d8 ? ' Delighted : Openly-gay high school junior , Anthony Martinez , was touched when his straight guy pal Jacob Lescenski , came up with an extra special promposal idea -LRB- the pair are seen , right -RRB- . Martinez instantly responded to the question with a big ` yes ' and excited hug . He later posted a photo of him with Lescenski alongside the banner . In the caption he voiced his delight , writing : ` Guess who just got asked to prom by @jacob_lescenski . ` He 's 100per cent straight I promise but he 's a real man because he has the guts to fulfil his best friend 's dream and take him to a dance . ` I could n't ask for a better friend . ' Best of friends : Martinez instantly responded to the question with a big ` yes ' and excited hug . Final countdown : Just the day before he 'd launched a plea for a prom date on Twitter . Lescenski told CNN that initially he was worried about how people might judge his grand gesture but decided to go forward with it anyway . ` If it made Anthony happy , and fulfilled his dream of going to prom with a guy , and had a date to prom myself , nothing else mattered , ' he said . Lescenski 's original prom plans had also fallen through , meaning he was suddenly freed up for the night . In the spotlight : Fans have said they are now looking forward to seeing photos of Lescenski and Martinez on their prom outing . By putting his friend first , he quickly won over the Internet . ` I had to post this again my son 's gay and has many straight friends and to see this made my heart melt , ' one fan wrote after seeing a photo of the promposal . Another said of Lescenski : ` This guy knows the real mean of friend , ' Other commenters have said they are now looking forward to seeing photos of Lescenski and Martinez on their prom outing .