A car salesman who was high on cocaine murdered a prostitute by stabbing her 44 times before raping two more women at his home while his partner enjoyed a Christmas night out . Steven Mathieson , 38 , stabbed prostitute Luciana Maurer dozens of times in a frenzied and unprovoked attack at his home Falkirk , Stirlingshire last December . As she lay dead on the floor , the father-of-two called two more vice girls over to his family home and raped them before they managed to flee while still naked . His young son was asleep in the bedroom next door while he carried out the horrific crimes . Mathieson , who has previously been described as of ` impeccable character ' , pleaded guilty to murder and rape at the High Court in Glasgow today and now faces life in prison . Steven Mathieson , 38 -LRB- left -RRB- , stabbed prostitute Luciana Maurer , 23 , -LRB- right -RRB- dozens of times in a frenzied and unprovoked attack at his home Falkirk , Stirlingshire last December , while his partner was on a night out . The court heard how the crimes occurred while he was left babysitting his young children while their mother - his partner of 10 years - enjoyed a night out . The family had spent the day Christmas shopping on December 4 last year and enjoyed a meal before returning home . Mathieson - described as being his ` normal self ' - then dropped one of his children at his grandmother 's home before returning to his house -- in a quiet residential neighbourhood - with his younger son . His partner left the property for a work night out and he sent her a text which said : ` Have a good night . Love you ' . However , soon after he had put their young son to bed , Mathieson used his phone to arrange for sex while his partner was out . The court heard he regularly used sex phone lines but hid it from his long-term partner . Ms Maurer , a Romanian-born mother , was one of the escorts who arranged to meet him . The 23-year-old , who had arrived in Scotland just a few days earlier having moved up from London , arrived at his property at about 11 pm . However , within minutes , Mathieson -- who was high on cocaine - stabbed her 44 times and cut her throat . Mathieson then sent a text to his partner which said : ` Sorry xx ' . His young child was asleep in the room next door while he carried out the harrowing crimes . The court heard how Ms Maurer had defensive-type injuries suggesting she had tried to fend off her killer . Two other escorts , who Mathieson had summoned , then arrived at his home , completely oblivious to the murder which had taken place . Ms Maurer , a Romanian-born mother , was stabbed 44 times by Mathieson and had her throat cut . When they arrived , they found Mathieson casually sitting on his sofa in the living room before he led them upstairs . Describing the horror that then met them , prosecutor Jane Farquharson said : ` Mathieson went into the bedroom first . ` He put on the light and hung back at the door whilst the women walked in . ` As soon as they entered the bedroom , they saw the deceased , lying on her back and on top of the double bed . ' Mathieson then grabbed two knives from a set of drawers before blocking the door . One of the women begged Mathieson to let them go but he grabbed their mobile phones and flung them away , the court heard . He initially tormented them by stroking them with the knives before threatening to kill them if they did not follow his demands . Miss Farquharson : ` He told both to remove their clothing and to dance for him . ` In fear of what he might do and , with the body of the deceased lying on the bed in front of them , each did as they were told . ' Mathieson went on to rape the pair , aged 26 and 22 - including attacking one after ordering her to lie beside Ms Maurer 's dead body . The pair were trapped in the bedroom for 10 minutes before he ordered them downstairs . Once there , Mathieson continued to humiliate them before raping them again . Miss Farquharson said : ` Over the course of the assault in the living room , he told them that his son was asleep in the bedroom upstairs . ` He appeared to have an awareness of what he had done advising both : ` I 'm going to be many years in prison because I killed that girl . ` I 've done this to show my wife something . ' Mathieson then went to a window thinking his partner had returned and , sensing an opportunity to escape , the women ran for the door . Mathieson tried to chase them , striking one on the leg with a knife , but they managed to escape and ran to a nearby flat where a woman came to their aid . Miss Farquharson : ` Both repeatedly stated their thanks and asked for help . They were crying and appeared to be terrified . ' After the women escaped , Mathieson dialled 999 himself and told the operator : ` I 've been high on drugs and I 've killed a prostitute . ` Tell the officers I am not aggressive . I 'm sitting on the couch . I had two other girls , but I 've let them go . ' Mathieson was still sitting in his living room when police turned up . He got down on his knees and held out his hands when officers arrested him . Mathieson , a car sales manager , carried out the horrific crimes at his home in Falkirk , Stirlingshire -LRB- above -RRB- , while his partner went on a work night out . He is facing life in prison after pleading guilty to murder and rape . His partner , clueless as to what had happened in her absence , arrived back at the family property at about 2 am . She was described as being ` hysterical ' upon learning what had happened . Mathieson , a sales manager , was remanded in custody at the hearing today and will return to the dock next month . His court appearance was briefly interrupted today after he began crying hysterically and loudly retching as if he was going to be sick . In what is rarely seen in court , his QC Donald Findlay left his own seat to sit beside Mathieson in the dock and speak to him briefly before the case continued . The court was given no reason for what caused him to carry out the horrific murder and rapes , but it is believed his drug problem may have been a factor . In the spring of last year , he had started attending Cocaine Anonymous having built up a large debt . His girlfriend was not aware of the drug habit until finding out about the cash he owed , the court heard . Mr Findlay , defending , said that before his crimes Mathieson had been of ` impeccable character ' , but said he now accepted ` full responsibility ' for his actions . Judge Lord Bannatyne deferred sentencing until May 7 . Speaking after the hearing , detective inspector Dave Pinkney , from Police Scotland , said : ` The incidents that took place within the property in Springfield Drive led to the death of one woman and left two other females traumatised and extremely distressed having been the victims of serious sexual assaults . ` Police responded quickly to the area and detained Mathieson almost immediately . ` Following extensive forensic enquiries he was ultimately charged in connection with all of the reported offences . ` I would like to thank the victims and the family of Luciana Maurer for their courage and assistance during the course of this investigation . ` While nothing can undo the pain Steven Mathieson 's actions have caused , they can take some solace in his conviction as we await his sentence . '