First this dog helped do the dishes , now he 's been trained to use the toilet - and even puts the lid down once he 's finished . Baron the German Shepherd was captured in a video using the toilet after he began learning the impressive skill a few weeks ago . In the footage , the five-month-old pup enters the bathroom and lifts up the toilet seat . He then climbs up balancing his paws on the raised seat cover as he holds himself up and hovers over the toilet while relieving himself . Once he 's finished , he puts down both the toilet seat and flushes before running out . Viewers ' reactions of the video , which to date has been viewed more than 16,400,000 times , mostly included that Baron did the job better than most men . One viewer wrote : ` He could teach a few men some tricks . Even puts the lid down !! ' Another wrote : ` I want to live with him , he puts the toilet seat down !!!!!! ' Baron was filmed using the toilet as he entered the bathroom and lifted up the toilet seat . He then climbs up balancing his paws on the raised seat cover as he holds himself up and hovers over the toilet while relieving himself . Once he 's finished , the five-month-old pup politely puts the toilet seats down . Baron then he goes to the left side of the toilet , climbing up to flush before running out . Baron was professionally trained at the Hillcountry K9 School . Two weeks ago his trainer shared a picture of him in the bathroom on his Instagram account as they began training . ` Working on a new video today ... Wana take a guess what we are doing !! ' the post read . ` He 's even got some eye candy up there . ' Earlier this month , Baron was seen in footage helping with some housework as he reached up and grabbed rinsed goods between his teeth from the sink , before he loaded them into the dishwasher at home in California . Other videos show the pup breaking a sweat as he helps his trainer workout as he performs a range of moves , including aerobic step exercises and lunges . He also helpins with recycling .