Sunderland will not suspend Adam Johnson after he was charged with grooming and three counts of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl . The club 's hierarchy have decided that the 27-year-old should be allowed to continue playing for the Black Cats until the outcome of his case has been decided . A club statement on Friday morning read : ` Following yesterday 's statement from Durham Constabulary , the club recognises that the formal legal process must take its course and whilst our position remains unchanged , we will keep the matter under review . ` The club will not be making any further comment . ' Adam Johnson leaves Peterlee police station on Thursday after being charged . Johnson leaves the Peterlee police station on Thursday after learning of the charges against him . The 27-year-old has not been suspended by his club Sunderland despite the charges . Apr 25 - Stoke -LRB- a -RRB- . May 2 - Southampton -LRB- h -RRB- . May 9 - Everton -LRB- a -RRB- . May 16 - Leicester -LRB- h -RRB- . May 20 - Arsenal -LRB- a -RRB- . May 24 - Chelsea -LRB- a -RRB- . Johnson has been bailed to appear before Peterlee Magistrates on May 20 -- the same day Sunderland travel to Arsenal - where it is expected the case will be sent to Crown Court . If found guilty , Johnson could face a lengthy prison term . In the meantime , he will be available to feature for relegation-threatened Sunderland , who are one point above the Premier League drop zone and travel to Stoke on Saturday . He was suspended by the club following his arrest on March 2 but that was lifted when his bail was extended by five weeks a fortnight later . Sunderland manager Dick Advocaat supported the decision not to suspend Sunderland . Advocaat said : ` He still has to come in -LRB- to train -RRB- . But , in principle , if he feels okay he will be part of the squad . ` It 's not difficult to deal with . The club have made a statement and I stand behind that and I will see what the future will bring . ' CLICK HERE FOR THE FULL TABLE . He returned to training under new boss Dick Advocaat and has featured as a substitute in their last three matches , including the 1-0 Tyne-Wear derby victory over Newcastle . Johnson stands accused of three offences of sexual activity with a child , contrary to Section 9 of the Sexual Offences Act 2003 . The offences are said to have taken place between December 30 last year and February 26 . He has also been charged with meeting a child following sexual grooming under Section 15 of the same Act . Gerry Wareham , CPS Chief Crown Prosecutor for the North East , said he believes there is a realistic prospect of conviction and it is in the public interest for Johnson to be charged . Johnson will now appear at Peterlee Magistrates Court on May 20 . The England international -LRB- right -RRB- was wearing a black tracksuit as he attended the hearing on Thursday . Johnson was accompanied by his lawyer as the Sunderland winger arrived at the police station on Thursday . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .