The highly-anticipated new cruise ship , the Anthem of the Seas , has just arrived in the UK . Ahead of its naming ceremony , which will take place on April 20 , the mammoth ocean liner has reached its berth : the 101 in Southampton Docks , which will be its home port for the summer season . The world 's third-largest joint ship , owned by Royal Caribbean , is expecting more than 80,000 people to travel on board this summer . Scroll down for video . The world 's joint third-largest cruise ship , the Anthem of the Seas , has just arrived in Southampton , UK , for its naming ceremony . The new ship has a bar operated entirely by robots that mix cocktails using precise ingredients . Passengers with a head for heights will also be able to take a ride in a transparent capsule for amazing ocean views . Making waves : The cruise ship , which has capacity for almost 5,000 passengers at a time , features a surf simulator and even has a virtual skydiving machine . With 16 decks and a capacity for almost 5,000 passengers at a time , the MS Anthem of the Seas , is truly an engineering marvel . On board , guests will experience robotic bartenders , be able to take part in circus skills training activities and even go on a virtual sky dive . Passengers with a head for heights can try out the North Star aerial observatory , a glass capsule that takes guests more than 300 feet above the ocean for panoramic sea views . As well as skydiving and circus training , there are also FlowRider surfing simulators on board so kids -LRB- and adults -RRB- can ride the waves and , in case the weather is bad , SeaPlex is the largest indoor sports and entertainment complex at sea with activities including bumper cars and roller skating . For foodies , there are 18 distinctive on board restaurants , ranging from traditional American to Jamie 's Italian , a traditional pub and Japanese cuisine . Some of the more unusual eating experiences include Wonderland -LRB- serving liquid lobster , tempura salmon caviar and truffled eggs -RRB- , Izumi Japanese Cuisine and Devin Alexander 's Devinly Decadence restaurant . The ship also has an adult-only Solarium and spa with shaded cabanas , a Jacuzzi and adjoining bistro . The 1,300-seat theatre will show Queen-themed West End musical We Will Rock You as well as a cabaret show and an original production for Royal Caribbean called The Gift . Anthem of the Seas spans 16 guest decks , encompasses 167,800 gross registered tonnes , carries 4,180 guests at double occupancy and features 2,090 staterooms in total . After a summer sailing from Southampton , New York Harbour will become the ship 's permanent home in November , sailing regularly from Cape Liberty Cruise Port to Bermuda , the Caribbean and Canada and New England . 120 drinks an hour mixed by robotic bartenders . 18 restaurants including Jamie 's Italian . 2090 cabins , 1,571 with a balcony and 375 with a ` virtual ' balcony -- a screen showing the sea . £ 670m cost of building the giant vessel . 8 swimming pools and whirlpools across 18 decks . £ 50m boost to economy of Southampton . 300 foot height at which glass capsule observatory rises above the ocean waves . 1500 crew to look after 4,905 passengers . 80,000 guests are expected to holiday on the ship this summer season . 1300 guests invited to the naming ceremony . With 18 decks and a capacity of nearly 5,000 , the ship is truly an engineering feat - and expects to welcome 80,000 on board this summer . The ship 's naming ceremony will take place on April 20 at the 101 at Southampton Docks , which is its home port . Royal Caribbean hopes that the ship will also deliver around £ 50 million to the Southampton economy over the summer season . On board , guests will see robotic bartenders , have the opportunity to hone their circus skills and even go on a virtual sky dive . The Grande restaurant on board Anthem of the Seas will serve classic favourites in a luxurious setting . Adrenaline junkies will also be ableto enjoy the dodgems as part of the amazing variety of entertainment on board the ship . The magical restaurant Wonderland will serve imaginative cuisine which Royal Caribbean claims will be a ` feast for the senses ' The ship has 18 distinctive on board restaurants as well as a Music Hall , the Royal Theater , and Royal Esplanade shopping area . Emma Wilby , a 27-year-old travel agent , won the contest to name the ship Anthem of the Seas . Emma Wilby enjoys the glamour of a stateroom on board the Anthem of the Seas . The military wife won the chance to be trained by Craig Yates , Team Captain from Britain 's Got Talent finalists Only Boys Aloud , so she could perform at the naming ceremony . The vessel received its unique name from a 27-year-old travel agent from Sunderland . Emma Wilby won a competition for the honour of becoming the so-called Godmother for Royal Caribbean International 's Anthem of the Seas . Stuart Leven , managing director of Royal Caribbean , said : ` Anthem of the Seas is designed to deliver what today 's holiday makers want - new kind of experiences and adventures . ` Ships like Anthem of the Seas will help attract new groups of people and build the future of cruising . ' He added : ` The UK and Ireland is our second largest market and with over 1.7 million Britons now taking a cruise every year , it has huge importance for our business . ' The company also said that they expect the ship to deliver around £ 50million to the Southampton economy during the upcoming season .