She 's the clean eating food lover who has more than 102,000 followers on Instagram thanks to her healthy and delicious looking meals . But she has a secret weapon that most food bloggers do n't have - when people are n't obsessing over her recipes , they 're checking out her rock-hard abs . We 're talking about Clean Eating Alice , the latest social media sensation to be making a name for herself by living a healthy life . Scroll down for video . Over the last year Alice -LRB- pictured before , left , and after , right -RRB- has completely transformed her body with the help of healthy eating and the LDN Muscle bikini guide . Alice Liveing , from Gerrards Cross , Buckinghamshire , began her healthy journey just over a year ago . She said : ` After years of bad skin , constant fatigue and feeling uncomfortable about my appearance I decided to completely overhaul my approach to eating . ` I started experimenting with food , and found that simply changing what I ate for breakfast had a huge impact on my mood and energy for that day . ` The term -LSB- clean eating -RSB- is completely subjective and can mean different things to different people , but my interpretation of it was to develop a healthy relationship with food . ` I did n't restrict myself or feel like I was dieting as such , and learnt how best to fuel my body with tasty and nutritious food . ' In these Instagram snaps Alice shows off toned arms , something she said she had previously struggled with . Alice started sharing pictures of her meals on Instagram , which allowed her to take stock of what she was putting into her body . ` I remember a distinct turning point was when I began to post photos of my food on the social media platform Instagram , ' she said . ` The idea that I would be making healthy food , and being able to log and share it on Instagram was nothing novel or new , but was helpful for me to keep track of what I was eating . ` I also found great pleasure in making my food look nice , as well as taste good . ` I am conscious that some people may find it annoying when their friends start posting foodie pics on social media , but however annoying they may find it , it is precisely what enabled me to find a healthy relationship with food and create new and delicious dishes that could then help others . ' In this snap Alice shows off her figure in a pair of shorts ready for a New Year 's Eve party . Of course you do n't get a body like Alice 's without putting in a lot of hard work . She revealed : ` I aim to go to the gym between four and six times a week , and follow the LDN Muscle Bikini Guide . ` I think one of the best things about this journey is that I found a way of exercising that I loved which I think is so important , and I have LDN Muscle to thank for that . ` I think that the way I look has gained me a few male admirers , but I try to avoid letting any of this attention go to my head ! ' On the LDN Muscle website , the weight training programme says it aims to promote a ` natural , lean and aesthetic physique ' . But when it comes to health and fitness tips there is often only one question on her fans lips . She said : ` My most frequently asked questions are usually about how to poach an egg , which is always funny , and I guess I have my own technique that I am always happy to share . ' Alice - who also uses the Healthy Selfie App to chart her progress - poses in the mirror showing off her extremely defined abs . Alice trains in the gym up to six times a week which is how she maintains her impressive body . She continued : ` Other questions usually focus on what exercise I do , and most notably what abdominal exercises I do . ` I try and answer all questions as I like to help people as best I can . ' Alice says that it 's been amazing to see her social media following grow and that in the future she would love to be the female Jamie Oliver . She said : ` I would love to bring healthy eating to the masses and be the female equivalent of Jamie Oliver . ` My food is n't complicated , expensive or pretentious nor does it require ingredients that you ca n't find in your local supermarket . ` I will be bringing out some recipe ebooks in partnership with LDN Muscle which will include breakfast , lunch and dinner ideas , as well as launching my YouTube channel and personal training . ` On top of all of this I am just about to graduate from Bird College where I have trained for three years as a musical theatre performer , and I am hoping to also pursue my dream to perform in the West End . ' Alice says that what she eats changes every day : ` My recipes are usually created from what I fancy eating on a given day , and what I 've got in the fridge . ` I usually take out all the ingredients I fancy and then try and think how I can create something tasty with them . ` My meals are always built around a protein source , so I usually start there , for example a chicken breast , or salmon and then try and pack in some veg , such as kale , spinach or broccoli , and then add a carb source , my favourite being sweet potato . ` I always try and experiment with seasoning too , so things like paprika , and turmeric to add some flavour . ' She continued : ` In terms of avoiding foods , I stay away from refined sugars , and most processed foods , although I am a big bacon lover . ` Alcohol is something that I just make conscious decisions on now , so for example if I 'm going to have a drink I 'll have a vodka and diet coke , rather than a brightly coloured alcho-pop . ` It 's all about not feeling restricted and instead just making better choices , and ultimately enjoying being fit and healthy . ' Alice says that she likes to start her mornings with a breakfast such as this breakfast wrap made with egg white and crispy chorizo . Breakfast : . Healthy breakfast ` wrap ' with spicy paprika egg white wrap , stuffed with crispy chorizo , avocado , rocket , red onion and tomatoes . For lunch Alice might enjoy a cauliflower rice , chicken sausages , toasted almonds , rocket and tomato salad . Lunch : . Grilled chicken sausages , with broccoli and cauliflower rice , toasted almonds and rocket and tomato salad . For dinner Alice enjoys salmon fillet with crispy parsnip chips . Dinner : . Grilled salmon fillet with crispy parsnip chips , fresh spinach topped with avocado and lentil sprouts , a spicy Harissa and Greek yogurt sauce with garlic , red onion and some vine tomatoes .