Steaming into action , the lovingly restored locomotives of the world 's most popular heritage railway have kicked off their three day spring gala . The classic steam engines took to the tracks of the North Yorkshire Moors railway today , hauling passengers between Pickering and Whitby . In scenes that harked back to a bygone age , the perfectly restored steam engines were out in force on the scenic railway for the three-day Spring Steam Gala which saw crowds flock to witness the annual event . Scroll down for video . The classic steam engines took to the tracks of the North Yorkshire Moors railway today , hauling passengers between Pickering and Whitby . Early this morning a team of firemen , fitters and cleaners lovingly polished the steam trains at Grosmount engine shed in preparation . Train enthusiasts will be able to make the most of the beautiful moors scenery on board seven preserved engines form the golden age of steam and pistons . Star attractions on the first day of the Spring Steam Gala included classic locomotives LNER 61994 ` The Great Marquess ' , LMS 45407 ` The Lancashire Fusilier ' , LNER 60007 ` Sir Nigel Gresley ' , and Standard Class 75029 ` The Green Knight ' . Early this morning a team of firemen , fitters and cleaners lovingly polished the steam trains at Grosmount engine shed in preparation for their day on the tracks . The event continues throughout the weekend and vistors can also attend the event during 24-26 April . The North Yorkshire Moors Railway was amongst 5,000 miles of track and 2,300 stations closed by Dr Richard Beeching following his report released on March 27 , 1963 . While The railway line was axed during Beeching 's brutal cuts 50 year ago but has now survived to become the world 's busiest steam heritage route . In scenes that harked back to a bygone age , the perfectly restored steam engines were out in force on the scenic railway for the three-day Spring Steam Gala . Star attractions on the first day of the Spring Steam Gala included classic locomotives LNER 61994 ` The Great Marquess ' , LMS 45407 ` The Lancashire Fusilier ' , and LNER 60007 ` Sir Nigel Gresley ' The Spring Steam Gala will continue tomorrow and Sunday and includes model railway layout displays at Pickering Station . However , it was one of the first to reopen , in 1973 , using old steam locomotives . It is now the most popular heritage route in the world , ferrying passengers between Pickering , Grosmont and Whitby . It carries about 350,000 passengers during the 260 days of the year it is open and employs about 100 full-time , paid staff and hundreds of volunteers . The Spring Steam Gala will continue tomorrow and Sunday and includes model railway layout displays at Pickering Station . Classic train-spotters were able to enjoy a few ales and pasties aboard the trains with the return of the Pie and Pea special special and rail ale service , and all for a good . The North Yorkshire Moors Railway was amongst 5,000 miles of track closed by Dr Richard Beeching following his 1963 report . It carries about 350,000 passengers over 260 days of the year it is open and employs about 100 full-time , paid staff and hundreds of volunteers .