An agency is offering cash bonuses to Eastern European lorry drivers because they can not find Britons to take up the jobs . Truckers from Bulgaria , Poland and Romania , who already work in the UK , are being offered £ 100 for each driver they manage to lure into Britain from their home country . Employment agency Mainline is offering the incentive to any worker who refers a qualified Class A HGV driver to undertake work for four weeks . Truckers from Bulgaria , Poland and Romania who already work in the UK are being offered £ 100 by employment agency Mainline -LRB- pictured -RRB- to lure drivers from their home country to work in Britain . The company did try a recruitment drive to attract lorry drivers from Cornwall to their base in Swindon . But they say they were forced to look further afield when that scheme failed . This is despite there being 3,000 jobless residents in Swindon . Around 4.5 per cent are also unemployed across the south west . The vacancy crisis will re-ignite claims that Britain 's generous welfare system has created a generation unwilling to work , while acting as a magnet for foreigners . Debbie Jameson , from Mainline , said those who arrive from Eastern Europe are willing to work ` as many hours as they can ' - something which she said British workers are less keen to do . She said : ` We do n't just recruit drivers , we also recruit for permanent roles , call centre roles , industrial roles - everything . ` But it 's mainly the skilled workers which we 've been struggling to recruit . Numbers of HGV drivers have been dwindling over the years for various reasons . ' Ms Jameson said one of the deterrents is the £ 2,000 outlay that is needed to get a lorry-driving licence . She said many still struggle to get jobs after that , because they are newly qualified drivers and do not have any experience . Mainline said it will offer to help workers from overseas find accommodation and settle into a new life in the UK . It will also provide them with courses so they have the chance to familiarise themselves with British roads , customs and culture . The company did try a recruitment drive to get lorry drivers to relocate from Cornwall to their base in Swindon . But they were forced to look further abroad when that scheme failed -LRB- file picture -RRB- . She said : ` As numbers dwindled , we needed to use a bit of ingenuity . So we asked our workers to help us do our jobs by using their contacts in these countries to help fill these positions . ` We also offer it throughout the UK , and it used to be we 'd have drivers from Scotland and Cornwall and Wales come to work in Swindon . We 'd find them accommodation and help them settle in , but even that has dried up . ` In places like Romania , Bulgaria and Poland , the standard of living is far lower and wages are lower , and they can come over here to work . ` Even though the cost of living is quite high , the people who come to work are men , and they are here to make as much money as possible to support their families . ` It also means they are quite flexible and want to work as many hours as they can , which is something many people here do n't want to do . ' Work and Pensions Secretary Iain Duncan Smith previously claimed that the last Labour Government 's ` open-door ' policy led to a huge influx of low-skilled migrant workers while its welfare system disincentivised Britons to work . Many employers have expressed concerns that they can not get Britons to do manual jobs because they feel it is not the kind of work they want . Oppositely , in Eastern European countries , the average wage is around £ 7,000 - meaning workers can earn almost double that in the UK , even on a minimum wage . They would also have their wages topped up with tax credits - seen as a major attraction for EU migrants - and housing benefit . In November last year , the UK 's biggest sandwich maker said it was recruiting hundreds of workers from Eastern Europe for the same reason . Bosses from Greencore Group , which supplies Marks & Spencer , Waitrose , Sainsbury 's , Tesco and Asda , flew to Hungary today in search of staff for its new factory . Allyson Russell , Greencore 's human resources director , said the company had tried to recruit in the UK , but that it was ` not always the kind of work ' which people wanted to do . Last year , the Mail found British companies had placed almost 8,000 job adverts trying to recruit Romanian nurses , taxi drivers and hotel staff .