It may sound like the stuff of science fiction , but this stunning image shows that a white dwarf star ripped apart a planet as it came too close . Astronomers say the unique event happened in an ancient cluster of stars at the edge of the Milky Way galaxy . A white dwarf star - the dense core of a star like the Sun that has run out of nuclear fuel - may have ripped apart a planet as it came too close , they believe . Nasa says a white dwarf star - the dense core of a star like the Sun that has run out of nuclear fuel - ripped apart a planet at the edge of the Milky Way galaxy . When a star reaches its white dwarf stage , nearly all of the material from the star is packed inside a radius one hundredth that of the original star . This means that , for close encounters , the gravitational pull of the star and the associated tides , caused by the difference in gravity 's pull on the near and far side of the planet , are greatly enhanced . For example , the gravity at the surface of a white dwarf is over ten thousand times higher than the gravity at the surface of the Sun . Using several telescopes , including Nasa 's Chandra X-ray Observatory , researchers have found evidence that a white dwarf star - the dense core of a star like the Sun that has run out of nuclear fuel - may have ripped apart a planet as it came too close . When a star reaches its white dwarf stage , nearly all of the material from the star is packed inside a radius one hundredth that of the original star . This means that , for close encounters , the gravitational pull of the star and the associated tides , caused by the difference in gravity 's pull on the near and far side of the planet , are greatly enhanced . For example , the gravity at the surface of a white dwarf is over ten thousand times higher than the gravity at the surface of the Sun . ` A planet is first pulled away from its parent star by the gravity of the dense concentration of stars in a globular cluster , ' the experts write . ` When such a planet passes too close to a white dwarf , it can be torn apart by the intense tidal forces of the white dwarf . ` The planetary debris is then heated and glows in X-rays as it falls onto the white dwarf . ` The observed amount of X-rays emitted at different energies agrees with expectations for a tidal disruption event . ' Researchers used the European Space Agency 's INTErnational Gamma-Ray Astrophysics Laboratory -LRB- INTEGRAL -RRB- to discover a new X-ray source near the center of the globular cluster NGC 6388 . NGC 6388 in the X-ray spectrum . Chandra 's excellent X-ray vision enabled the astronomers to determine that the X-rays from NGC 6388 were not coming from the putative black hole at the center of the cluster , but instead from a location slightly off to one side . Optical observations had hinted that an intermediate-mass black hole with mass equal to several hundred Suns or more resides at the center of NGC 6388 . The new composite image shows NGC 6388 with X-rays detected by Chandra in pink and visible light from the Hubble Space Telescope in red , green , and blue , with many of the stars appearing to be orange or white . Overlapping X-ray sources and stars near the center of the cluster also causes the image to appear white . With the central black hole ruled out as the potential X-ray source , the hunt continued for clues about the actual source in NGC 6388 . The source was monitored with the X-ray telescope on board NASA 's Swift Gamma Ray Burst mission for about 200 days after the discovery by INTEGRAL . Researchers used the European Space Agency 's INTErnational Gamma-Ray Astrophysics Laboratory -LRB- INTEGRAL -RRB- to discover a new X-ray source near the center of the globular cluster NGC 6388 . The source became dimmer during the period of Swift observations . The rate at which the X-ray brightness dropped agrees with theoretical models of a disruption of a planet by the gravitational tidal forces of a white dwarf . In these models , a planet is first pulled away from its parent star by the gravity of the dense concentration of stars in a globular cluster . When such a planet passes too close to a white dwarf , it can be torn apart by the intense tidal forces of the white dwarf . The planetary debris is then heated and glows in X-rays as it falls onto the white dwarf . The observed amount of X-rays emitted at different energies agrees with expectations for a tidal disruption event . The researchers estimate that the destroyed planet would have contained about a third of the mass of Earth , while the white dwarf has about 1.4 times the Sun 's mass . While the case for the tidal disruption of a planet is not iron-clad , the argument for it was strengthened when astronomers used data from the multiple telescopes to help eliminate other possible explanations for the detected X-rays . For example , the source does not show some of the distinctive features of a binary containing a neutron star , such as pulsations or rapid X-ray bursts . Also , the source is much too faint in radio waves to be part of a binary system with a stellar-mass black hole .