Chelsea defender Gary Cahill has backed captain John Terry to shrug off a hostile reception when they head to Loftus Road to face QPR on Sunday . It was on the same ground in 2011 that Terry was caught up in a race controversy with ex-QPR defender Anton Ferdinand , later cleared in court of racially abusing the player but banned for four matches and fined £ 220,000 by the Football Association for ` using abusive language related to colour ' . Anton may no longer be at Loftus Road , but brother Rio could feature under Chris Ramsey . Terry 's former central defensive partner with England has called him the ` biggest idiot ' in the past for the way he handled the racism row . John Terry was caught up in a race controversy with then-QPR defender Anton Ferdinand in 2011 . Terry was cleared in court of racially abusing Ferdinand but was banned and fined by the FA . The Football Association fined Terry , pictured at Westminster Magistrates Court in 2012 , £ 220,000 for ` using abusive language related to colour ' ` He has been through a lot football-wise in his career , ' Cahill said . ` He has been through so many good times , winning trophies and whatnot , and bad times . So in terms of personality he is obviously thick-skinned and that 's why I say it wo n't affect him , and it wo n't affect us . ' Terry was stripped of the England captaincy amid the fall-out , and subsequently announced his retirement from international football . On Sunday , he may come up against Anton Ferdinand 's brother Rio , who branded him an ` idiot ' over the affair , and the QPR fans can be expected to remind him of what happened . Anton Ferdinand avoids shaking hands with Terry during the Premier League game at Loftus Road in 2012 . But Cahill added : ` It 's a local derby so the atmosphere will be intense and it will be another huge game to try to win . ` I think he has been there already . It 's not as if it 's the first time he has been back , he has played there . ' Chelsea go into the weekend seven points clear of Arsenal having played a game less , but Cahill said there was no sense of easing up , with the Gunners still to come on the fixture list . ` There is still that element of pressure to finish the job , ' he said . ` We 've worked so hard this season to be where we are and to put ourselves in the position we are in , so we want to go all the way and finish it . ' Chelsea team-mate Gary Cahill says his skipper will handle the hostile reception this weekend .