He is the Prince of derring-do , flying in an Apache helicopter in Afghanistan and braving sub-zero temperatures to trek across frozen wastes to the South Pole . Now Prince Harry has been filmed revelling in a daring new adventure -- a stomach-churning flight in a Spitfire . Buckingham Palace released video of the 30-year-old enjoying his flight ahead of his arrival in Australia tomorrow , where he will begin a month-long attachment with the Australian Defence Force . Scroll down for video . Flying in formation : Prince Harry , pictured in the back of the foreground aircraft , took to the skies after meeting with Armed Forces veterans . Thrilling : Footage released today shows Prince Harry howling with excitement as the Spitfire performs a loop over the English Cennel . He will also visit the War Memorial and lay a wreath at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier , both in Canberra . Harry , who is leaving the Army in June , relished his adrenaline-charged 250mph Spitfire ride from Goodwood to the Isle of Wight . The flight -- which included two Spitfires -- was staged to support the Royal Foundation 's Endeavour Fund and a new Spitfire training scholarship for wounded servicemen . The brief journey included a ` half Cuban ' manoeuvre -- a semi loop in mid-air -- after which Harry can be heard to shout : ` I 'd love to see what my face looked like doing that . ' Breathtaking : Prince Harry , seated in the back of the cockpit , soars past the British coastline in a Spitfire during a sortie last August . Crew : Prince Harry , seated , second from right , with Chris Hadlow , seated left , Steve Boultbee Brooks , second from left , and Phil O'Dell , right . The royal met with Corporal Alan Robinson , standing left , and Nathan Forster , standing right , who won scholarship places . Flight instructor Phil O'Dell , who was with the Prince during his training session , said the 30-minute journey had been ` amazing ' . ` The aircraft has dual control and Harry flew it briefly . He was remarkably down-to-earth , very likeable and I could tell he 's a competent pilot . ' A spokesman for Boultbee Flight Academy added : ` It 's a hard aircraft to fly . ' Praising Mr O'Dell , Harry said : ` My first landing in a Spitfire -- it was quite good ! ' This Spitfire is the same aircraft that will fly the lucky winner of The Mail on Sunday competition on a 20 - to 30-minute flight over the English Channel -- worth £ 2,750 -- later this year . Two thumbs up : The former Apache Helicopter Commander looked relaxed as he took part in the sortie alongside instructor Phil O'Dell . Success : Touching down after the flight , the royal gives a thumbs up and smiles out the window as he says the landing felt ` quite good ' Handing over control : The prince enjoyed flying the plane before instructor Phil O'Dell took charge and guided the plane into a loop . Support : The veterans ' scholarship was supported Endeavour Fund , which Harry set up alongside his the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge . Success : Touching down after the flight , the royal gives a thumbs up and smiles out the window as he says the landing felt ` quite good ' Thrilling : Footage released today shows the 30-year-old royal howling with excitement as the fighter plane is guided into a loop . A rare cigarette case that once belonged to the designer of the Spitfire fighter aircraft has been anonymously returned to the museum it was stolen from last month . The valuable artefact was posted back to Solent Sky Museum in Southampton , Hampshire , in a jiffy bag with the address scribbled on with Tip-ex . The museum was burgled on March 8 and the case , which belonged to Reginald Joseph Mitchell , was amongst the items stolen . His ` RJM ' initials are engraved on the outer case and it was donated to the museum by pilot Jeffrey Quill , one of the foremost Spitfire test pilots and a close friend of Mitchell 's . Returned : The cigarette case , engraved with the initials of spitfire designer Reginald Joseph Mitchell , was sent back in a jiffy bag .