He is a World Cup winner , Spanish football legend , and one of the most recognisable faces in the classy Barcelona CF outfit . And now tourists are being offered the chance to walk in the footsteps of Andrés Iniesta after he listed his beautiful Spanish vineyard on Airbnb . The world class midfielder took to Twitter to advise that his the ` Bodega Iniesta ' vineyard he owns in Castilla-La Mancha can be rented out . Spain and Barcelona midfielder Andrés Iniesta is renting out his vineyard on Airbnb . Andrés Iniesta posted on Twitter to spread the news that his charming vineyard can be rented out . And it 's a snip of a price to tread paths made by one of the beautiful game 's best players at € 125 -LRB- £ 90 -RRB- a night . There is one bathroom and one bedroom at the charming little property , with other facilities including a kitchen , an indoor fireplace , Wi-Fi and parking provided . The residence is aimed for couples as the bedroom consists of one double bed . Decorated with a warm touch , guests can enjoy the fireplace with a glass of wine , relax on the couch or stroll among the vines . The vineyard stay comes with a guided tour of the area so you can get a real feel for the place . The interior of the property is simple yet subtle , ensuring the guests has all the amenities to get by . The house kitchen is fully equipped for people staying to use and enjoy . Breakfast food is provided for the duration of the stay , as well as towels and an extra set of sheets . Guests will also be advised of the surrounding area so they can explore for themselves . Also offered is a tour of the vineyard where guests can discover the secrets of wine-making . ` Airbnb gives you access to the most special places in the world ' , Jeroen Merchiers , Regional Manager North , East and South of Europe told MailOnline Travel . The highlight of a stay at Andrés Iniesta 's vineyard is undoubtedly what 's outside rather than in . Guests can educate themselves in the art of wine-making , to hopefully produce their own special brand . ` Airbnb guests look for unique experiences . ` And we 're pleased to announce Andrés Iniesta is joining our community , unlocking a once in a lifetime experience for football and wine enthusiasts . ' Some of the rules when staying in the property include being ` gentle with the vines , ' smoking is prohibited inside , and the guests are responsible for goods during their stay . The property can be booked here . Iniesta has lit up the world of football for many years with his sublime skills , and now you can see a little more about his life outside the Beautiful Game . The ` Bodega Iniesta ' vineyard he owns in Castilla-La Mancha can be rented out .