Ahead of this weekend 's Premier League action , Sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and Opta stats . Here is all the information you need for Swansea 's home clash with Everton ... Swansea City vs Everton -LRB- Liberty Stadium -RRB- . Team news . Swansea . Veteran full-back Angel Rangel is in line for his first Swansea start for over two months at home to Everton in the early Barclays Premier League kick-off on Saturday afternoon . Rangel has not started since the end of January following the arrival of Kyle Naughton but the former Spurs defender has been ruled out for the rest of the season after damaging ankle ligaments against Hull last weekend . Angel Rangel looks on during a drill at Swansea City 's Fairwood Training Centre on Tuesday . Ecuador winger Jefferson Montero could make the bench after suffering a hamstring injury on international duty last month . Provisional squad : Fabianski , Rangel , Fernandez , Williams , Taylor , Cork , Ki , Shelvey , Routledge , Sigurdsson , Gomis , Tremmel , Amat , Bartley , Fulton , Britton , Montero , Dyer , Emnes , Oliveira , Grimes , King . Everton . Striker Romelu Lukaku remains a doubt for Everton 's trip to Swansea and is rated just 50-50 by his manager Roberto Martinez . The Belgium striker missed the whole international break and last weekend 's win over Southampton with a hamstring injury and will not be risked until he is 100 per cent . Romelu Lukaku is a major doubt for Everton 's trip to Swansea City with a hamstring injury . Winger Aiden McGeady -LRB- back -RRB- is a major doubt and definitely absent are Darron Gibson -LRB- metatarsal -RRB- , Bryan Oviedo -LRB- hamstring -RRB- and Tony Hibbert -LRB- muscle strain -RRB- . Provisional squad : Howard , Coleman , Jagielka , Stones , Baines , Barry , Lennon , McCarthy , Barkley , Osman , Kone , Robles , Alcaraz , Garbutt , Besic , Pienaar , Naismith , Mirallas . Kick-off : Saturday 12.45 pm - BT Sport 1 . Odds -LRB- subject to change -RRB- : . Swansea 7/5 . Draw 23/10 . Everton 15/8 . Referee : Michael Oliver . Managers : Garry Monk -LRB- Swansea -RRB- , Roberto Martinez -LRB- Everton -RRB- . Head-to-head league record : Swansea wins 0 , draws 6 , Everton wins 13 . Key match stats -LRB- supplied by Opta -RRB- . Swansea have won just one of their previous 22 matches against Everton in all competitions -LRB- D6 L15 -RRB- , though it arrived in their last encounter at home in the League Cup this season . Everton have won 13 and lost none of their 19 league games against Swansea . Swansea are looking to win three Premier League games in a row for the first time since the opening three games of the season . Bafetimbi Gomis has scored three goals in his last two Premier League appearances , one more than he managed in his previous 25 PL apps for the Swans -LRB- 2 -RRB- . Everton are looking to win four successive league games for the first time this season . Swansea have never beaten Everton in a league match and drew 0-0 with the Toffees earlier this season . The Toffees last recorded four-plus wins in a row back in April last season when they won seven on the spin . Everton 's last eight Premier League goals have been scored by different players -LRB- including an own goal by Leicester 's Matt Upson -RRB- . Swansea 's Ki Sung-Yong has scored four goals in his last eight Premier League games with the last three all coming inside the opening 30 minutes . Garry Monk has the best win rate of any Swansea manager in the Premier League -LRB- 40 per cent , Rodgers had 32 per cent , Laudrup 27 per cent -RRB- . Leighton Baines has assisted eight goals this season , twice as many as in the whole of 2013-14 and two more than any other defender this campaign .