Usually a highlight of Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia , Alex Perry 's name is a notable absence from the schedule in 2015 . The designer revealed in February that he would not be presenting a collection at the Sydney event this week , and revealed to Daily Mail Australia on Sunday that he was enjoying ` taking a breather ' . Despite this year marking the 20th anniversary of MBFWA , Perry is taking in the fashions from the comfort of the front row , after focusing on his international efforts of late . ` My team and I just need a bit of a breather - we 've just finished selling in Paris , and we 've had an incredible season over there , so we 're busy focusing on international at the moment , ' Perry told DMA at the Ellery show on first night of Fashion Week . Scroll down for video . Perry pulls out of presenting : Acclaimed designer Alex Perry opts out of showing at this year 's MBFWA . ` We 're busy working on Cruise too , ' -LRB- Perry 's popular party dress collection -RRB- . ` I would n't be standing here talking to you if we were showing on Monday or Tuesday , ' he laughs . This is only the second Fashion Week the design powerhouse has missed in two decades . When asked if he will miss the excitement of running his own show , Perry said while he loves it , he 's happy to sit back and see it from a new perspective . ` The chances I do get , I love to take in the whole thing , my eyes will be wide open as I sit in the front row , ' he says . ` Because I 'm not presenting a show I can really look forward to supporting some of my friends like Kym -LRB- Ellery -RRB- and Johnny -LRB- Schembri from By Johnny -RRB- they 're my two faves I 'm specifically wanting to see . ' Fashion favourite : Perry says Kym Ellery -LRB- pictured left -RRB- is one of his favourite designers showing this week . On Kym Ellery 's show , Perry says she had a great cast of models and knew the fashion would be beautiful and all about showcasing shape and new directions . As for what he sees trending this season , Perry said the Australian market is so diverse , anything could happen . ` There are so many different designers with so many styles now , It 's not like it was 50 years ago when skirts are to the knee or something like that , there are so many handwritings , so I think it will all become really apparent after we see them this week . ' ` Someone like Kym is so incredibly on point internationally at the moment which is her style , but then Johnny is going to give us some fun , sexy tight stuff . ' Fashion flashback : Showing since 1996 , this marks the second time in twenty years Perry wo n't show . Model moment : Perry with Cheyenne Tozzi -LRB- pictured left -RRB- who previously starred in Australia 's Next Top Model . Perry also believes the Australian market has it 's on unique flair , different to fashion internationally that has a more uniform look . ` We definitely have our own signature . I would n't say relaxed even though people say that all the time , it 's more we have a different take on fashion . There 's a mix of designers that are increadibly accomplished then there are younger designers who take more risks and challenges , ' he says . ` And at the same time you can Australian designers anywhere in the world and it stands up in any country you go to and people are intrigued by it when they see girls wearing it . ' Taking a break from the runway , Perry now is devoting his time to international enterprises , with a specific focus on the Asian and Middle Eastern market . Front row fashionistas : Perry front row alongside Marie Claire 's Jackie Frank -LRB- left -RRB- and Kyly Clarke -LRB- right -RRB- . ` Asia is a big expansion market and the Middle East is huge , it 's had unprecedented growth in so while I 'm doing stuff in Australia I 'm also doing things that resonate in those regions to build brand profile in those countries . ' For Perry who also is a judge on Australia 's Next Top Model , this also will include more work in TV overseas . He has currently filmed production for Asia 's Next Top Model which is said to broadcast to over 11 million homes in Asia and Middle East via the Star World Network and he 's also looking into more TV opportunities there but ca n't go into the specifics yet . Model Mogul : Perry with Alessandra Ambrosio -LRB- left -RRB- who guest stars in this year 's Australia 's Next Top Model . From A-List to Asia : Perry has just filmed Asia 's Next Top Model and plans to work on more TV projects in Asia . As for his fashion empire , Perry believes despite his work in TV , as well as linen and Specsaver lines , fashion is his first and foremost love and while he admits he wo n't stop at one thing , everything has to have synergy with his fashion brand . ` TV stuff gets a lot of press , but in reality I 'm a fashion designer and it 's all about the credibility of clothes , so I 'm really focused on that because that propels everything else . '