The Duchess of Cambridge is a modern-day suffragette who has done more to advance the cause of women than anyone else in recent years . Or so says actress Patsy Kensit , who made the comments in an interview with this week 's Stylist magazine . Miss Kensit , 47 , appeared in the magazine 's regular ` Queen of Everything ' feature and said the Duchess of Cambridge would be her ` regal inspiration ' . Feminist icon : Patsy Kensit says the Duchess of Cambridge is ` our generation 's suffragette ' Charity work : The Duchess is famous for philanthropy but not , until now , feminism . She added : ` She 's so fabulous on every level . She repeats outfits , which is brilliant . I know it 's a shallow thing to say but I think it 's done so much for women . ` I 'm not going to be forced to have to look different every time I go out . She 's like our generation 's suffragette . ' This is the first time that the Duchess , who spends much of her time doing charity work , has been lauded as a feminist icon . Although she has won plaudits for her dedication to children 's charities such as The Art Room and Place2Be , her demure dress sense and closeness to her family has resulted in some criticism . Most recently , novelist Margaret Atwood revealed that she thinks Kate is an ` uneventful dresser ' who is no match for Princess Diana . Suffragette : Emily Wilding Davison is pictured throwing herself in front of the King 's horse in 1913 . Votes for women : Campaigners lobbying for votes for women became known as suffragettes . Critics : The Duchess was dubbed a ` machine made princess ' by Hilary Mantel and ` drab ' by Margaret Atwood . ` I think she 's watching her back , ' continued the 75-year-old author . ` I think she probably has people who pretty much tell her what is appropriate for her to wear . ` I do n't think she 's become the fashion plate that Diana was , and I think she 's probably doing that advisably , would n't you say ? ' Miss Atwood is n't the only writer to criticise the Duchess , who is due to give birth to her second child later this month , in public . Double Booker Prize winner and Wolf Hall author Hilary Mantel has described Kate as being like a ` shop window mannequin ' and a ` machine-made ' princess who has been ` designed by committee ' . Meanwhile Sandi Toksvig caused outrage when she said the Duchess does n't have a ` single opinion ' of her own , while Joan Smith produced a similar storm by labelling Kate ` unambitious and bland ' .