The new YouTube Kids mobile app targets young children with unfair and deceptive advertising and should be investigated , a group of consumer advocates told the Federal Trade Commission in a letter Tuesday . Google introduced the app in February as a ` safer ' place for kids to explore videos because it was restricted to ` family-focused content . ' But the consumer activists say the app is so stuffed with advertisements and product placements that it 's hard to tell the difference between entertainment and commercials . Scroll down for video . The home screen comprises eight tiles showing different videos as well as four icons -LRB- pictured -RRB- : a TV set for popular TV shows such as Yo Gabba Gabba , a light bulb for educational programmes , a radio for pop songs and a light bulb for popular videos . Along with favorites from DreamWorksTV , Jim Henson TV , Mother Goose Club , Talking Tom and Friends and more , your kids can watch new series from YouTube channels they already like . National Geographic Kids ; Reading Rainbow ; and Thomas the Tank Engine leave the world of Sodor for the first time in 70 years to travel the globe . One example is a 7-minute video of Disney 's ` Frozen ' characters who appear as dolls inside a toy McDonald 's , eating ice cream and drinking Sprite . The activists say digital media should be subject to the same rules as television , which limits commercial content on kids ' programming . ` As a consumer , you should have the right to know who is trying to persuade you , ' said Angela Campbell with the Institute for Public Representation at Georgetown Law , who provided legal counsel to the coalition . In young children especially , ` it takes unfair advantage of their trusting nature and lack of experience , ' she added . In a statement early Tuesday , YouTube said : ` We worked with numerous partners and child advocacy groups when developing YouTube Kids . ` While we are always open to feedback on ways to improve the app , we were not contacted directly by the signers of this letter and strongly disagree with their contentions , including the suggestion that no free , ad-supported experience for kids will ever be acceptable . ' We disagree and think that great content should n't be reserved for only those families who can afford it . ' Since its inception in 2005 , YouTube has become the world 's most popular online video site , with more than 1 billion users . For parents , it 's become an easy way to find Elmo song clips or full episodes of ` Barney & Friends . ' But when searching for Elmo or Barney , it 's easy to pull up other user-generated content aimed at adults , such as the two puppets cursing or waving guns . ` Now , parents can rest a little easier knowing that videos in the YouTube Kids app are narrowed down to content appropriate for kids , ' wrote Shimrit Ben-Yair , the app 's product manager , in a February blog post . According to the consumer groups ' letter , the videos mingle commercial and entertainment content in ways that would n't be allowed on television . Search for ` My Little Pony , ' for example , and the first several options are lengthy advertisements for My Little Pony Play-Doh and toy kitchen sets , including one Play-Doh segment stretching 19 minutes . ` The fact that children are viewing the videos on a tablet or smartphone screen instead of on a television screen does not make it any less unfair and deceptive , ' the letter states . Groups that signed the letter were the Center for Digital Democracy , the Campaign for a Commercial-Free Childhood , American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry , Center for Science in the Public Interest , Children Now , Consumer Federation of America , Consumer Watchdog , Consumers Union , Corporate Accountability International and Public Citizen . MailOnline has learned the app will launch with content from Jim Henson TV , DreamWorks , National Geographic , and a handful of popular YouTubers and new series , such as Thomas the Tank Engine . A stock image of Bert and Ernie from Sesame Street is shown . ` Like most parents , I love helping my kids learn more about something they 're interested in , ' said Shimrit Ben-Yair , mother of two and YouTube Kids Group Product Manager . ` For example , right now , I spend a lot of time on YouTube with my 3-year-old son , who loves watching videos of car washes , Super Simple Songs , and about the universe . ` Today , we 're introducing the YouTube Kids app , the first Google product built from the ground up with little ones in mind . ` The app makes it safer and easier for children to find videos on topics they want to explore , and is available for free on Google Play and the App Store in the U.S. ' The app includes a timer to limit kids ' screen time , sound settings to turn off background music and sound effects , and search settings to limit your children to just the pre-selected videos available on the home screen . Ben-Yair , the project 's group product manager , told USA Today that the site has seen a 50 per cent increase in viewing time year-on-year , but that the growth has been around 200 per cent for family entertainment channels . ` Parents were constantly asking us , can you make YouTube a better place for our kids , ' she said . In answer , the company has come up with an app that is simple to use and eliminates features such as viewer comments from the design . Research show that children are just three clicks away from adult content on YouTube . The home screen comprises eight tiles showing different videos as well as four icons : a TV set for popular TV shows such as Sesame Street , a light bulb for educational programmes , a radio for pop songs and a light bulb for popular videos . The categories are called : Shows , Music , Learning and Explore . ` The images are big as are the tap targets for small fingers , and since most younger children ca n't type they can search with voice , ' Ms Ben-Yair said . If children try and search for a raunchy video , for example , the app simply blocks the request and a box that reads ` Try something else ' pops up . They will be able to search for topics they are curious about though , such as spaceships and find how-to-make a volcano and maths tutorials , for example . The app will also give parents more power over their children 's viewing habits . It will give them features to control the time children spend on the app so that it shuts down after a number of minutes or hours . It can be re-started again once a password is entered . There will also be an option to mute videos - a feature tested by families and NGOs . MailOnline has learned the app will launch with content from Jim Henson TV , DreamWorks , National Geographic , and a handful of popular YouTubers and new series , such as Thomas the Tank Engine . ` The news that YouTube plans to launch a kid-friendly video app will be welcomed by security savvy parents , ' said David Emm , principal security researcher , Kaspersky Lab . ` Our research shows that children can be as little as three click away from inappropriate or adult content on the video platform . ` Examining YouTube 's ` suggested ' videos which sit visibly alongside clips or episodes of popular children 's television programmes such as Peppa Pig , Rastamouse and Dora the Explorer , our researchers have found that , on average , users are just three clicks away from content better suited to a more mature audience . ' The child-focused app will in part compete with Netflix 's Kids service and Vine 's child-friendly app showing age-appropriate video clips . The move would appear to be part of Google 's strategy to appeal to younger users . YouTube is owned by the search giant . Google recently acquired Launchpad Toys , which is behind the iPad app Toontastic , and has previously announced plans to make child-friendly versions of some of its products such as Chrome and Search , as well as YouTube . Toy manufacturer Mattel has worked with Google to develop a new version of the View-Master , which will rely on a smartphone to deliver its optical trickery . The virtual reality device makes use of Google 's Cardboard to deliver immersive scenes such as Alcatraz prison in San Francisco , called ' 360 degree photospheres ' . To release the phone 's virtual reality features , an Android smartphone running Mattel 's app is needed . View-Master gets a make-over ! Toy manufacturer Mattel has worked with Google to the new toy , which will rely on a smartphone to deliver its optical trickery . An illustration of the new device is shown . The smartphone needs to be inserted into the device along with a reel , meaning that parents will have to surrender their handsets while children play . The gadget uses augmented reality and animations to make the scenes feel immersive . Mattel says that its View-Master is an affordable platform enabling children to take ` engaging field trips ' so they can explore famous landmarks , natural scenes and planets , for example , in ` photospheres ' . By pairing an ` experience reel ' with a smartphone , children ` will immediately experience an imaginative and interactive learning environment , ' the company says . The device itself is set to be released in autumn for $ 30 -LRB- £ 20 -RRB- , with reels sold in themed packs of four for $ 15 -LRB- £ 10 -RRB- . Mattel told MailOnline the toy will come to the UK early next year .