Inverness Cup hero Gary Warren has called for a change to the ` ridiculous ' rule that will see him banned from a second final in successive seasons . Warren picked up his second booking of the competition in Sunday 's Scottish Cup semi-final win over Celtic -- meaning automatic suspension for the season finale on May 30 . But the central defender , who also missed last year 's League Cup Final for the same reason , says either the threshold should be raised -- or all cards should be wiped from the record for any show-piece final . Inverness defender Gary Warren will miss the Scottish Cup final after picking up his second yellow card . Warren was shown a yellow card for this challenge on Celtic 's James Forrest -LRB- right -RRB- during the semi-final . ` Having two bookings -LRB- as the limit -RRB- in a cup competition is ridiculous , ' said Warren . ` Especially being a defender , it means you ca n't tackle - and that 's part and parcel of being a defender , making challenges , making interceptions , making blocks . ` To have something like that taken away from you is a little bit gutting . I think it should be looked at . They should either increase the number of bookings needed to get a suspension - or , if you get to the final , wipe it out completely . ` Then it 's fair for everyone , every team that gets to the semi-final , whoever is booked knows it 's a clean slate for the final . ' Warren knew instantly that he 'd miss the final when ref Steven McLean rightly showed him a yellow card for hauling back James Forrest . More annoying for the 30-year-old is that his previous booking in the competition came for dissent , as he explaining : ` That was my own fault gobbing off to a referee . That 's disappointing because I should have kept my mouth shut . It was against Partick Thistle , that 's me getting frustrated and being too gobby to the referee . ` That hurts the most because this one was a tackle and a foul but the first one was a very silly booking . I 'm 30 years old and I should know better . ` When you come into this game you always think about it and wonder what if - but if you start allowing it to play on your mind then you 're going to pull out of tackles . I wo n't do that . Warren feels that the rule to have players suspended for amassing just two yellows is ` ridiculous ' Celtic 's Adam Matthews -LRB- right -RRB- slides in with a challenge on Nick Ross -LRB- left -RRB- during the Scottish Cup semi-final . ` After missing last year 's final , I 'm gutted again . It 's just lady luck . You take it on the chin and move on . ' Warren says he will definitely not be doing a John Terry and turning up in full kit to take part in any celebrations should Caley Thistle beat Falkirk in the final , saying : ` No , that 's not me at all , no chance . I 'll be in the background somewhere , in the stands . ` I suppose you kind of feel not part of it in the final but I 'll still have a few beers . For the size of Inverness , as a small club , to get to a final for a second successive year is an unbelievable achievement . ` Everything is in our hands . We 've got to bring back silverware for the way we ' ve worked in the last three seasons . ' Inverness ' Edward Ofere scores his side 's second goal during the 3-2 win over Celtic on Sunday . Inverness players celebrate David Raven 's -LRB- second from right -RRB- winning goal against Celtic on Sunday .