` Cool ' credentials : This week Samantha Cameron revealed her love of alternative group Poliça . She rarely misses a chance to demonstrate her ` cool ' credentials . And this week Samantha Cameron was at it again , revealing her love of alternative group Poliça . But their brand of psychedelic rock conjures up a world a far cry from her life in Downing Street and the Cotswolds . The American band -- whose name roughly translates as ` policy ' in Polish -- are inspired by a radical feminist who described pregnancy as ` barbaric ' , and their songs feature violent imagery . The video for the first single on the group 's most recent album depicts androgynous-looking singer Channy Leaneagh subjecting her trussed-up alter ego to a violent assault . Blood spurts in all directions as she smashes her hands with a hammer , punches her in the face and finally waterboards her . Another unsettling song by the four-piece band from Minnesota , entitled Leading To Death , includes the lyric ` I dream of you , oh my strangler ' . Miss Leaneagh , 33 , has described her music as ` rhythm-driven sex noise ' and says the digital effects she uses to modify her broken-hearted vocals are ` like taking drugs for your voice ' . Her marriage broke up several years ago after she had a child , and her lyrics have a tendency towards violent , sexual imagery that bemoans ` boys ' and ` all the work they require ' . Mrs Cameron , 43 , pictured , comes from an aristocratic background and was educated at Marlborough College , whose other alumni include the Duchess of Cambridge and Princess Eugenie . But she has a distinctly bohemian streak and was friends with Bristol trip-hop artist Tricky during her time at university . She recently name-checked US indie group The War On Drugs , and claims to be a big fan of Radio 6 Music , the BBC 's ` cutting edge and ground-breaking ' station . ` I listen to Radio 4 in the morning and the rest of the day I have 6 Music on , ' she said in a rare interview last weekend . Inspiration : Channy Leaneagh of Polica , a band which specialises in psychedelic rock . Displaying her love of Poliça , Mrs Cameron even joined the crowd at a recent gig in Shoreditch , East London , at which the group played songs from their latest album , Shulamith . The record 's cover is illustrated with a photograph of a naked young woman , her hair and neck caked in blood . The title is a tribute to Canadian-born feminist Shulamith Firestone , whom Miss Leaneagh has described as a ` mentor and muse from the grave ' . Miss Firestone , who died in 2012 aged 67 , painted a radical vision of a ` liberated ' world without families , childbirth or any real distinctions between men and women . She is best known for her 1970 manifesto The Dialectic Of Sex : The Case For Feminist Revolution , which drew inspiration from Karl Marx 's Communist Manifesto . Miss Firestone argued that pregnancy was ` barbaric ' and childhood was a ` supervised nightmare ' . Poliça 's record cover is illustrated with a photograph of a naked young woman , her hair and neck caked in blood . The title is a tribute to Canadian-born feminist Shulamith Firestone -LRB- above -RRB- . She looked forward to a new world in which women were to be liberated from men thanks to the scientific breakthroughs which meant that sexual reproduction could happen outside the womb . The radical feminist was also responsible for stunts including unfurling a ` Women 's Liberation ' banner at a beauty pageant . Later in life she became a recluse and spent time in a mental health hospital . She was found dead in her studio flat , apparently after starving herself to death .