Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao were given a glimpse of the WBC emerald winner 's belt on Tuesday when it was unveiled in Mexico City . The emerald green , diamond encrusted belt was unveiled by World Boxing Council president Mauricio Sulaiman who was joined by former world heavyweight champion Larry Holmes . Current WBC light heavyweight champion Adonis Stevenson was also on hand as the $ 1million creation was put on show . WBC president Mauricio Sulaiman at the presentation of the $ 1m belt in Mexico City with light heavyweight champion Adonis Stevenson -LRB- left -RRB- and former heavyweight champion Larry Holmes -LRB- right -RRB- . Fans chose this emerald belt as the one which will adorn the winner of the fight of the century on May 2 . Sulaiman , president of the World Boxing Council , unveils the $ 1m emerald green belt . Retired boxer Holmes holds up the Emerald Belt during a media presentation in Mexico City . Boxers Stevenson and Holmes pose with other members of the boxing community at the unveiling . The emerald green , diamond encrusted belt was unveiled by World Boxing Council president Sulaiman . Stevenson , Sulaiman and Holmes unveil the $ 1million dollar belt at an event in Mexico City . Costing upwards of $ 1million , this WBC world champions belt features images of former WBC president Mauricio Sulaiman , Mayweather , Pacquiao and legendary heavyweight Muhammad Ali along the strap . Boxing fans worldwide voted for the traditional emerald green belt , which will be handed to the winner of the mega-fight , over an Onyx belt of a more unusual design earlier this year . In a statement the WBC said : ` This exquisite masterpiece is especially designed by the World Boxing Council , for a unique bout that is already gracing the pages of boxing history . ` In order to appropriately recognise the winner of this titanic and epic event on May 2 , emeralds have triumphed . ` The World Boxing Council is very grateful to the multitude of fans that participated in this process , voting on our web page , to choose the historic belt Mayweather or Pacquiao will proudly possess . ' The emerald green belt was unveiled after hours and hours of man hours on the $ 1million creation . Gold logos and lettering before they are put on the emerald green belt ahead of it 's unveiling in Mexico City . A Mexican artists works on the emerald green belt which contains diamonds and is worth $ 1million plus . Meanwhile , Pacquiao was again spotted training in public as he took to the streets of Los Angeles to work on his fitness ahead of his showdown with Mayweather . The Filipino showed off his technique by shadow boxing before taking part in an abdominal workout . Pacquiao looked in high spirits as he continued to gear up for his mega-fight against Mayweather which takes place in Las Vegas on May 2 . A crowd gathers to watch as boxer Pacquiao shadow boxes during a work out at a park in Los Angeles . Fans watch as the Filipino fighter does his stretches following a run in Los Angeles on Tuesday morning . The boxer shares a smile as he continues his training ahead of his mega-fight with Mayweather . Pacquiao looks on as he does sit-ups in a park in Los Angeles ahead of his mega-fight next month .