Forget the must-have wine cellar , hot-tub or £ 1,700 Italian coffee-maker -- the latest domestic fashion is for private home cinemas . Many of the super-rich are having them built -- complete with huge comfy seats and cup-holders , eardrum-blasting surround-sound systems , massive screens and even cocktail bars and popcorn-makers . Celebrities with a home cinema include the Sherlock actor Benedict Cumberbatch , retail tycoon Sir Philip Green and Chelsea FC owner Roman Abramovich . And this week we learnt that the Beckhams want one , too . Forget the must-have wine cellar , hot-tub or £ 1,700 Italian coffee-maker -- the latest domestic fashion is for private home cinemas . A planning application submitted for their 1860s home in London 's Holland Park shows drawings for a lower-groundfloor ` cinema room ' . And the word ` cinema ' -- suggestive of a large scale -- is entirely appropriate . The ceiling height would be 9.5 ft , and the room measures some 300 sq ft -- just over twice the size of the average British living room . That means the Beckhams could easily fit 20 seats -- enough for their family of six plus friends -- in the room which would adjoin a 500 sq ft playroom . In this ` Beckham Odeon ' , a projector and pull-down screen would be built into the ` non-historic ' ceiling . Having hired the ultra-swish interiors guru Rose Uniacke , one can safely assume it will be much classier than your local multiplex . Meanwhile , George Clooney , who has recently purchased a £ 10million manor house with his barrister wife Amal on an island in the Thames in Sonning , Berkshire , is also building a home cinema . It will be in a new complex , set apart from the house , that includes a pool , a ` professional kitchen ' , a pergola and a bar . Draft layouts lodged with the local planning office reveal that the cinema will have 12 seats , behind which there will be an audio/video room which will house the banks of electronics required . George Clooney , who has recently purchased a £ 10million manor house with his barrister wife Amal -LRB- right -RRB- on an island in the Thames in Sonning , Berkshire , is also building a home cinema . And it is unlikely that Hollywood celebrities such as Clooney are waiting for films to come out on DVD -- no doubt eager publicists and production companies send George et al movies even before they are issued on general release . Not far from the Beckhams in West London , pop star Robbie Williams lives in a 46-room house that was previously owned by the late film director Michael Winner . A planning application submitted for David Beckham 's -LRB- above -RRB- home earlier this week showed plans for a ` cinema room ' Williams has sought planning permission to build an underground complex that features a pool and home cinema -LRB- although Winner had already installed an impressive cinema with photos of his own movies on the walls -RRB- . However , as well as these celebrities , Russian oligarchs and retail tycoons , there is an increasing trend for normal families to install home cinemas . Magdalen Rees , owner of Chelsea Connected , an audiovisual and internet installation firm , says : ` Like swimming pools , home cinemas set the status of the house . ` Many clients want the whole cinema experience , complete with banks of theatre-style seating . ' She says that one client had his own study-sized cinema built in his ` man cave ' -- complete with a solo cinema seat that was a present from his wife . So , how much does a home cinema cost ? ` I 've installed all the technology -- projector , screen , amplifier , speakers and control unit -- for less than £ 10,000 , ' says Mrs Rees . ` But the real expense is on the rest of the room -- the seating , decoration and lighting which automatically dims when the movie starts , giving that complete cinema feel . ' But with the average cost of a family visit to the cinema costing £ 100 -LRB- including tickets , transport and food -RRB- , it almost starts to look like good value . No matter your budget , it is possible to get something approaching the multi-millionaire home cinema experience . If you have a spare room that you can dedicate , then so much the better -- but you do n't have to be a Hollywood star to watch in film‑star style . While the home cinemas found in celebrity homes might have popcorn makers , it is easy to make some yourself . Here are the best ways to get your home cinema up and running ... Under £ 1,000 . At this level , buying a projector is out of your league . Your best bet is to shop around for a discounted 55in TV , such as the Samsung UE55H6670 -- £ 799 from Currys . To improve the sound quality , invest in a soundbar -- a slimline unit that houses lots of small speakers -- such as the Yamaha YAS103 , available from Richer Sounds for £ 149 -LRB- richersounds.com -RRB- . This leaves you with £ 52 to spare , which you may consider spending on six old cinema chairs currently available on eBay for £ 48 . With the remaining £ 4 , you can buy four boxes of Butterkist salted microwave popcorn , available from Tesco for £ 1 per box . Installation can be done yourself . Sherlock actor Benedict Cumberbatch -LRB- above -RRB- also has a home cinema . Under £ 5,000 . Although you can buy a decent projector for under this price , that will leave you with very little for speakers , seating and all those other extras . It makes more sense to buy a 75in TV , such as the Samsung UE75H6400 -- £ 2,498.97 , also from Currys . This could then be combined with a soundbar , a subwoofer speaker that delivers thudding bass and two wireless surround-sound speakers . The best package for all this is the Sonos playbar + SUB + 2 X play : 1 , which costs £ 1,534 -LRB- smarthomesounds.co.uk -RRB- . With nearly £ 1,000 left over , you can buy four LC7027 leather cinema chairs from Amazon at £ 219 each , and have enough to buy almost £ 100 worth of snacks . If you are handy with a power drill and have enough muscle around to lift up the TV set , installation can be DIY . Over £ 5,000 . If you have a big budget , consider buying a projector . You can plug any media device into it , including a set-top box such as an Apple TV , or a Blu-ray or DVD player , or stream the internet . The Epson EH-TW9200 costs £ 2,799 and is almost as good as what you 'll get at the cinema . Do n't skimp on the screen or just project on to a white wall . To get the best picture , look at the FrontStage Motorised Home Cinema Projector Screen HDTV , 197in x 147in , which is £ 1,078 on Amazon . You will then need an amplifier , and at this level you should invest in anything that features Dolby 's stunning new Atmos technology for the most advanced surround-sound . Try the Denon AVRX5200 Networked 4K Home Cinema Receiver at around £ 1,329 . Buy a range of at least 11 speakers , including wall and ceiling units , as well as multiple subwoofers . Aim to spend £ 250 per speaker at the very least . Finally , invest in some Premiere Home Cinema chairs from Drinkstuff on eBay at £ 1,299 each . These feature incliners , footrests and backrests , storage boxes , cup-coolers and even cup-warmers . Installation will have to be done by a professional , as projectors and screens need careful mounting .