While many designers , some modelling agencies , and even Vogue magazine have pledged in recent years not to work with models under the age of 16 , plus-size model Ashley Graham , 27 , says she 's been working since well before that cut-off age - and in her underwear , no less . One of the stars of Lane Bryant 's new I 'm No Angel campaign , the size 16 bombshell recently revealed to Yahoo Style that she 's been stripping down to her skivvies since she was 14 . ` My first job ever was lingerie , ' she says . ` My mom had to sign a petition that said they would airbrush my nipples out . ' Scroll down for video . Model role models : Ashley Graham says that growing up , she was told to look up to curvy icons like Marilyn Monroe and Jennifer Lopez . Now in her late 20s , the Nebraska native has made a career of flaunting her voluptuous curves , becoming a regular in plus-size retailer Lane Bryant 's ads and making history as the first plus-size model to appear in Sports Illustrated 's swimsuit issue - but there are plenty of other descriptions she prefers over the term ` plus-size ' . ` I like curvaceous , sexy , gorgeous hunk o ' woman , ' she says . AskMen readers seem to agree ; the site ranked her number 11 on its list of Outstanding Women of 2015 . Trailblazing curves : The star 's ad in the Sports Illustrated swimsuit edition was the first of its kind - no other plus size model had ever appeared in the annual issue . Model figure : Ashley calls herself a ` body activist , ' and she works to promote healthy body image . Ashley Graham Lace Underwire Bra and Boyshort Panty . Available at Addition Elle . Visit site . We have to give kudos to Ashley Graham for promoting a healthy body image and letting the world know that you do n't have to be a size 2 to be sexy . The underwear model recently launched her own collection of intimates with Canadian company , Addition Elle , and she stars in the ad campaign . Here the self proclaimed body activist posed away in a lace bra and panty set from the new line , complete with flirty little bows and a boyshort silhouette . Add some sex appeal to your underwear drawer with the matching set by clicking right . Then cruise through the edit below for more provocative picks that will have you doing a double take the next time you look in the mirror . City Chic ` Amalia ' Contour Lace Bra at Nordstrom . Visit site . Dita Von Teese Lace Full Fit Demi Bra at Nordstrom . Visit site . Lane Bryant Full Coverage Bra with Lace . Visit site . Lane Bryant Bold Lace Balconette Bra . Visit site . Style at any size : Her lingerie collection for Addition Elle includes bras that come in band sizes from 36 to 44 and cup sizes from DD to H . Ashley is glad she 's breaking the mold - on Instagram she favors hashtags like #iamsizesexy and #beautybeyondsize , and in her real life she refuses to stick to extreme diets in order to conform to the idea that you have to be thin to be sexy . ` I do n't eat -LSB- just -RSB- almonds and water ! ' she says . ` I try not to eat fried food . I do n't eat dairy , ' she adds , but admits that she will occasionally splurge on a bucket of fries . Selfie time : Promoting her Lane Bryant campaign , Ashley captioned this Instagram photo with ` I redefine sexy by stating that Beauty Is Beyond Size ! ' Subway seductress : The supermodel proudly posted a photo of this ad in NYC with the caption ` On the F train , literally . Ca n't hide these curves !!! ' Popular appeal : On AskMen 's list of Outstanding Women , Ashley ranked above fellow models Kendall Jenner and Cara Delevingne . Ashley is also using her experience in the lingerie market to create bras and underwear in bigger sizes for other curvy women . Her lingerie line for Addition Elle includes bras in sizes from DD to H and underwear in sizes XL to 3X . ` This is the new sexy , ' she says .