Nico Rosberg has published a video explaining his row with Lewis Hamilton after the Chinese Grand Prix . Rosberg complained during a heated press conference that his Mercedes team-mate Hamilton , the race winner who was sitting next to him as he spoke , had acted ` selfishly ' in slowing down to such an extent that he -LRB- Rosberg -RRB- could have been caught by Sebastian Vettel of Ferrari . Speaking on video more calmly later , Rosberg , who finished second , a place ahead of Vettel , answered questions he had received from fans about the furore . Nico Rosberg responded to a fan who accused Rosberg of ` crying ' after he complained about Lewis Hamilton . Lewis Hamilton celebrates his win with the Mercedes team , but Nico Rosberg appears less pleased with 2nd . Hamilton crossed the line to claim his second win of the season and his fourth in China . One asked if he was ` crying ' -- by which the questioner meant moaning or being a poor loser . Rosberg said : ` You say that I was crying . OK , I respect your opinion , and I 'll keep it in mind and I 'll try to show respect when it 's due going forward . ' Rosberg was a few seconds behind Hamilton when the world champion slowed . So why did he not push on and try to pass his team-mate rather than ask his pit wall engineers to tell Hamilton to speed up so he could move away from Vettel ? Hamilton and Rosberg spray champagne from the podium as Mercedes celebrate a one-two finish . Rosberg was clearly angry with Hamilton in the press conference and hit out at his team-mate . ` I understand why you 're asking that , ' said Rosberg to that question . ` It might not be so easy to understand from the outside . But the reason is , I did try to attack Lewis in the first stint , and it just did n't work . All I did was destroy my tyres . ` So in the second stint there was no point to do that again , because this time there was Vettel right behind and it would 've really risked my second place if I had tried that , because I would have completely destroyed my tyres , again , and Vettel could have had a really good shot at overtaking me . My only chance of winning the race anyway , or to fight Lewis , or try to overtake him , would have come at the end of the race , so that 's what I was building up to . ' Rosberg made the video -- he posts his thoughts following each race -- after discussing the incident with his team management before leaving the Shanghai track . The British driver denied he had done anything wrong following Rosberg 's accusations . Hamilton backed his corner when it was claimed that he had scuppered his team-mate 's race . He added : ` It was definitely intense after the race , but we had a very good sit down , a good discussion . There was a lot of constructive criticism , and now it ' s a thing of the past for everybody and we 're moving on to Bahrain . ` The worst part of the weekend was losing out to Lewis in qualifying . That compromised me most . And it was by just four-hundredths . That 's all down to me to be those five-hundredths quicker next time . ' Rosberg has since travelled to Dubai en route to the next race in Bahrain on Sunday . Lewis , many congratulations . Was the race as expected in terms of the challenge from Ferrari and , also , can you talk us through that radio message you got from the team about speeding up ? Were you aware that Nico was getting so backed-up towards Sebastian Vettel ? LH : I was n't controlling his race , I was controlling my own race but , great race , I 'm really happy . Definitely going into the race we thought it would be a lot closer and we knew the Ferraris were very , very good with their long run pace and also looking after their tyres . So , today the real goal was to manage the tyres . And , as I said , my goal was to look after my car . I had no real threat from Nico through the whole race . So , I just managed it and got to really enjoy it , to be honest . A few of the real good fun laps were the laps before the pitstop , which I really enjoyed . Ultimately it was a much smoother weekend than we had in the last race where we got the whole , full practice sessions , on my side of the garage at least . And it made a real big difference to the balance of the car for the race . So really happy , and yeah , kinda excited . Q : Nico , can you talk us through your view of the race today . Started second , finished second but you sounded at times as though you felt at times under a little bit of unnecessary pressure maybe ? NR : No . It 's just now interesting to hear from you , Lewis , that you were just thinking about yourself with the pace in front , and necessarily that was compromising my race . Driving slower than was maybe necessary at the beginning of stints meant that Sebastian was very close to me and that opened up the opportunity for Sebastian to try that early pit-stop to try and jump me . And then I had to cover him . So , first of all it was unnecessarily close with Sebastian as a result , and also it cost me a lot of race time as a result because I had to cover him and then my tyres died at the end of the race because my stint was just so much longer . So I 'm unhappy about that , of course , today . Other than that , not much to say . Q : Lewis , would you like to respond ? LH : Not really ! My job is not to ... it 's not my job to look after Nico 's race . My job 's to manage the car and bring the car home as healthy and as fast as possible -- and that 's what I did . I did n't do anything intentionally to slow any of the cars up . I just was focussing on myself . If Nico wanted to get by he could have tried but he did n't .