A Nevada woman received a $ 200 ticket after she was pulled over for putting on makeup while she was behind the wheel as part of a statewide crackdown on distracted drivers . So what sort of beauty product was she applying while stopped at a red light ? Lip balm . Stephanie Fragoso was cited on Wednesday , April Fools ' Day , after she was stopped in Las Vegas by a Nevada Highway Patrol -LRB- NHP -RRB- trooper . Scroll down for video . Stephanie Fragoso was cited on Wednesday , April Fools ' Day , after she was stopped by in Las Vegas , Nevada . A Nevada Highway Patrol trooper issued a $ 200 ticket to Fragoso for putting on lib balm while at a red light . The state released distracted driving statistics as part of its campaign to have zero driving fatalities in 2015 . Fragoso said she initially thought the whole thing was a joke , but figured out it was no laughing matter after she was issued the $ 200 citation , 8 News NOW reported . She said : ` I told him it was ChapStick . ` He said , `` It could have been anything ; you could have been drinking water , shaving your legs . ' '' The ticket caused Fragoso to receive points against her driving record . The crackdown is part of a campaign for the state to have zero driving fatalities in 2015 , CBS Las Vegas reported . Distracted driving fines range from $ 50 for the first offense up to $ 250 and a six-month license suspension . NHP trooper Loy Hixson said : ` We have zero tolerance for distracted drivers . ` They put themselves and everyone else who uses our valley roadways at risk of serious injury or even death . ` Nevada 's goal is and always will be zero fatalities . ' Distracted driving fines range from $ 50 for the first offense up to $ 250 and a six-month license suspension for subsequent offenses within a seven-year period . Penalties may be increased if the alleged violation occurs in a work zone . Trooper Hixson added : ` I have seen men shaving with their electric razors . ` One time , when I was driving down US 95 , I saw a lady watching a movie on her iPad and the iPad was attached to her steering wheel with Velcro . '