The BBC has been accused of launching a Left-wing stitch-up on David Cameron after the Conservative party leader was repeatedly interrupted while trying to answer questions on Radio 1 . Host Chris Smith was also accused of being hostile towards the Prime Minister , at one point offering to bet £ 1,000 that he would not win a majority . Listeners commenting on Twitter accused the programme of ` leftist hostility ' and branded the interview ` appalling ' . Scroll down for video . The BBC has been accused of left-wing bias after David Cameron received a hostile reaction while being interviewed on Radio 1 , including from host Chris Smith -LRB- right -RRB- who bet £ 1,000 he would n't win a majority . The Prime Minister was consistently interrupted while trying to answer questions on the Live Lounge programme , with some Twitter users branding it ` disgusting ' At one point , the Prime Minister was asked to rule out a deal with Northern Ireland 's DUP because of its policies towards lesbian and gay people . Mr Cameron said he did not want a coalition with anybody and insisted he could win a majority -- prompting Mr Smith to insist be forced into coalition . Clearly irritated , the Prime Minister replied : ` You seem to know the outcome of the election . How do you know . Have you got some God-given right to declare what the result of the election is ? ' Mr Smith then said : ` I bet you a thousand pounds you do n't win a majority . ' The PM insisted : ` I 'm not going to start taking bets but there is every opportunity in the next 15 days for there to be a majority government . ' People used social media to complain about the programme , broadcast this evening , during which many felt like David Cameron got a hostile reaction . Users of social media criticised the presenter as ` childish ' and ` arrogant ' . ` Who is this guy ? Simply should n't be allowed to present , ' wrote one . Twitter user Calvin Robinson said : ` Wow , that BBC Radio 1 interview of David Cameron is disgusting . Talk about a biased and hostile interviewer , utter contempt from Chris Smith . ' Meanwhile Adam Ewies added : ` Cameron ambushed by lefty presenter and audience on Radio 1 tonight , as was Farage with Evans . Lefty BBC has no credibility . ' Mr Cameron also clashed with an audience member who accused him of adopting a policy of ` let them drown ' over migrants trying to cross the Mediterranean . While some complained about the audience and their apparent reluctance to listen to the Prime Minister , others turned their ire on host Chris Smith .