Court battle : Lord Janner 's alleged victims could sue him for £ 2.5 million after the CPS dropped a prosecution against him for the fourth time . Lord Janner 's alleged victims could sue him for £ 2.5 million after being denied justice for the fourth time in 25 years when the CPS refused to prosecute him . Police have identified 25 people who claim the Labour peer attacked them and each could claim for up to £ 100,000 . One man , allegedly attacked by Janner when he was living in a children 's homes between 1981 and 1988 , has already instructed lawyers to sue him and Leicestershire County Council for damages . His solicitor Peter Garsden , president of the Association of Child Abuse Lawyers , has said that after a string of bungled investigations suing ` may be the only way the alleged victims are going to get some sort of justice ' . Several of those who claim to have been sexually abused say Janner got to them through paedophile Frank Beck , a manager of Leicester children 's homes accused of abusing more than 200 boys . The CPS last week said the ` core allegation ' was that Lord Janner befriended Beck to access children ` to allow him to perpetrate serious sexual offences ' on them . Beck died in jail in 1994 . Mr Garsden said : ` We are preparing a claim for this man against Lord Janner and Leicestershire County Council . ` The allegations involved the most extreme abuse . Our case is that Frank Beck was running the home where this man was introduced to Greville Janner . ` Perhaps this is the only way the alleged victims in this case are going to get some sort of justice . ' A compensation scheme for Jimmy Savile 's dozens of victims was agreed at the High Court last year where those abused were paid out of his £ 3.3 million estate . Last seen : Channel 4 News filmed Lord Jenner outside his house in London on July 8 2014 , when he was last seen in public . Test cases : Victims abused by Jimmy Savile and Liberal MP Cyril Smith also sued after they were denied justice . Liz Dux , whose law firm Slater & Gordon respresents 168 of Jimmy Savile 's victims and 10 of former Liberal MP for Rochdale Cyril Smith , says that Janner 's alleged victims could be handed £ 100,000 each . Campaigners , police chiefs and MPs have accused Alison Saunders , the director of the CPS -LRB- above -RRB- , of ignoring the rights of victims . Director of Public Prosecutions Alison Saunders , who made the decision not to prosecute Lord Janner , claimed £ 13,400 in expenses last year including almost £ 7,000 on business-class flights . Her most recently published expenses show she flew business class to Washington , Dubai and New York in the year that the CPS was forced to cut its budget by 27 per cent . Mrs Saunders , pictured , has been heavily criticised in recent weeks over corruption charges against journalists and deciding not to prosecute Lord Janner over alleged sex offences . The publicly funded trips included one to the Caribbean for an ` official meeting ' last September which cost the taxpayer £ 3,105 for hotels and flights . A CPS spokesman said : ` The DPP 's travel overseas helps the CPS to join forces with other countries so we can reduce serious crime both in the UK and around the world . ' The CPS said the DPP travels standard fares unless there is a long-haul trip and a requirement to work immediately at the other end . Mrs Saunders , who earns £ 200,000 a year , charged the taxpayer £ 102 for one taxi journey . The CPS said they have strict rules on when taxis should be used , including when heavy baggage has to be carried or when there are no other suitable methods of transportation . She said : ` If the victims of Lord Janner are successful , damages could be sizeable . ` Civil redress is the next logical step after the CPS decision . ' Lord Janner 's family has said he is ` entirely innocent of any wrongdoing ' and ` is a man of great integrity ' . A Leicestershire County Council spokesman said : ` We have been co-operating with the police on aspects of their investigation that relate to historic abuse involving the former county council children 's homes in the 1970s and 1980s . ` Since then , the council has introduced a series of safeguards and procedures to minimise the chances of this kind of abuse from happening again . All relevant documents have been provided to the police . ` We have not been approached so far regarding compensation claims and so can not comment further at this time . ' The CPS ruled last Thursday that there was enough evidence to charge him with 22 sexual offences against children dating from 1969 to 1988 . However , Director of Public Prosecutions Alison Saunders said he would not be prosecuted because his deteriorating dementia means there could be no criminal conviction . She spoke of her ` deep regret ' as she announced that Lord Janner will not face trial and admitted he should have been charged three times before in 1991 , 2002 and 2007 but was left off the hook . Last night it emerged that Lord Janner signed a letter saying he wanted to remain a peer just a week before he was ruled unfit to face child sex charges . Abuse campaigners last night angrily questioned why the suspected paedophile was able to remain in the House of Lords if he was too frail to be brought before court . Leicestershire Police , who disagree with the decision not to charge Janner having investigated him for the past two years , have admitted they may contact the House of Lords about the letter . MailOnline revealed yesterday that at least 19 men with dementia have been convicted of child sex offences since 2010 , including ten in the past year . Signed : Dementia sufferer Lord Janner signed a letter on April 9 , just a week after he was deemed unfit to stand trial . His signature has been redacted for privacy reasons .