It 's said eating slowly helps bring the taste and texture of foods to the foreground . But Cooper the Labrador certainly does n't care about being a culinary connoisseur , as a new video shows . Katie Gallegos from Clackamas County , Oregon , decided to take the pooch to a McDonald 's drive-thru for an ice cream with his pal Daisy . But while the small female pup takes a few ladylike licks , Cooper gobbles the rest of the cone up in one bite . Gallegos , who runs Dogpatch Resort , says that Cooper always eats very quickly . Therefore , she always makes sure Daisy gets her fill first before offering the meal on . To date the video of Cooper 's ice cream outing has been watched more than seven million times . Weekly treat : Katie Gallegos from Clackamas County , Oregon , decided to take Cooper the dog -LRB- right -RRB- to a McDonald 's drive-thru for an ice cream with his pal Daisy . Dining etiquette : But while the small female pup takes a few ladylike licks , Cooper gobbles the rest of the cone up in one bite . While some viewers have deemed the scene ` cute ' and ` hilarious ' , others have criticized Gallegos for feeding her pups the creamy treat . However , the animal-lover who runs a dog resort , insists that it 's perfectly fine . In response to comments , she wrote : ` I love that so many people are concerned ... Cooper is quite the athlete and in amazing health . ` I lost my Sammy -LRB- a large breed mutt -RRB- last year at 19 years old ... he had an ice cream about once a week like Cooper . Down in one bite : Gallegos says that Cooper always eats very quickly . Fan club : To date the video of Cooper 's ice cream outing has been watched more than seven million times . ` Little Daisy on the other hand , gets only a few licks every now and again because of her size . ' It seems that the two canines have quite a penchant for fast food . Indeed , another video shows the duo visiting a Starbucks for a ` pup-uccino ' . Again , Cooper takes the whole cup away in his mouth to demolish the contents . Gallegos notes that the beverage does not contain any coffee and is merely a dollop of ` whip cream in a cup ' .