Twitter has officially rolled out its ` retweet with comment ' feature , which , unsurprisingly lets people annotate the tweets of others . The new tool lets users embed tweets within their own messages , meaning that users get an extra 116 characters to comment on a tweet . Available on Twitter 's website and the iPhone app , the feature will roll out to Android handsets soon . Twitter has officially rolled out its ` retweet with comment ' feature , which , unsurprisingly lets people annotate the tweets of others . This image shows the new button , ` Quote Tweet , ' which triggers the action . Twitter began testing its tool last summer . Until now , Twitter users have had to embed tweets by cutting and pasting a URL and then adding a comment , within the 140 character limit . But now the process is available at the touch of a button and is going down well on the social network . A user called Simon McCallum tweeted : ` At last Twitter officially launches `` Retweet With Comment '' feature so you do n't need to edit original tweets , ' while Peter Silk said : ` Retweet with comment is the best feature since retweet ' . The new tool lets users embed a tweet within their own message -LRB- shown above -RRB- , meaning that wordsmiths will get 116 characters to comment on a tweet . To use the feature on Twitter 's website : . 1 . Hover over a Tweet . 2 . Click the ` Retweet ' icon . 3 . A pop-up will show you the tweet and a comment box . 4 . Type your own comments in the ` Add a comment ' field . 5 . Click the ` Tweet ' button . 6 . The tweet will then be shared with your followers as a quote tweet . From mobile apps : . 1 . Tap the ` Retweet ' icon . 2 . Tap ` Quote Tweet ' . 3 . Add a comment and tap ` Tweet ' . 4 . The Tweet will then be shared with your followers as a quote ` Tweet ' . Users can delete quote tweets by clicking the ` More ' icon and by selecting ` Delete Tweet ' . Celebrity chef and prolific tweeter , Nigella Lawson , has already embraced the tool by commenting on a retweet . She first retweeted a tweet by user AyaReina that said : ` Huzzah ! Twitter unveils revamped ` quote tweet ' functionality , rolling out to iPhone & web users today . ' The TV chef then commented on another that she shared , which said : ` Also this is great news for tweeters like @Nigella_lawson who quotes tweets a lot ' simply adding : ` It is indeed ! ' Others made references to Inception and quote tweeted a message about retweeting with comments , to point out the cyclical nature of the roll-out . As well as allowing people 116 characters with which to construct a comment , the new feature preserves the context and meaning of an original tweet , TechCrunch noted . The platform is gradually evolving to let its users express themselves in more detail , instead of simple phrases that fit within the character count . Users have got around the problem by using unofficial techniques such as posting screenshots and using apps such as Jumbo Tweet and Twit Longer that extend the character limit . The feature does n't allow users to comment on a string of tweets , to produce one mammoth message and users ca n't retweet their own quote tweets .