A 19-year-old Minnesota teen has been charged with fatally stabbing a 34-year-old father-of-five after an argument on the Wisconsin side of the St Croix River.about swearing took a deadly turn . Peter Kelly , who leaves behind a wife in addition to five children under the age of nine , was killed on Tuesday night when he was stabbed in the chest after he and a friend argued with three teens . One of the teenagers , Levi Acre-Kendall , was charged with one count of first-degree reckless homicide on Friday by the Polk County attorney 's office . Scroll down for video . Peter Kelly was fatally stabbed on Tuesday night at the St Croix River after an argument with three teenagers . Levi Acre-Kendall , 19 , was charged with one count of first-degree reckless homicide on Friday . Kelly and his wife Christie , pictured , have four sons and a daughter all under the age of nine . He was just 34 . The suspect , who was held on $ 125,000 bail , is now facing a maximum sentence of 60 years of combined prison and extended supervision . During the alleged incident , Kelly and Ross Lechman were fishing on the Minnesota side of the St Croix River when they heard three teens being loud and rude on the Wisconsin side . They asked them to quiet down and heated words were exchanged for the next three hours . The suspect 's mother , Lavonne Acre , said of her son : ` Levi 's a good kid . He was just fishing ' Kelly and Lechman eventually drover over to Interstate Park and confronted the three teenagers . There are differing accounts about what happened , but Lechman told investigators Acre-Kendall showed a knife during the argument , the Pioneer Press reported . He later reportedly said : ` Yes , yes , I stabbed him . ' Lechman called 911 after the stabbing and Kelly was taken to St Croix Regional Medical Center , where he was pronounced dead . Acre-Kendall 's mother , Lavonne Acre , turned a knife and clothes her son was wearing on Tuesday over to police , the Star Tribune reported . She said : ` All I can tell you is that it would have never happened if it were n't for those two older men coming to the boys , because the boys were just fishing . ` Levi 's a good kid . He was just fishing . ' There is still uncertainty about stabbing and the argument that caused it . Polk County Sheriff 's Chief Deputy Steve Moe said : ` I think it 's just something that we 're still aggressively working on , is all . ' Acre-Kendall is now facing a maximum sentence of 60 years of combined prison and extended supervision . Now the small community in St Croix Falls , which has just 2,100 people , is mourning the loss of Kelly , who volunteered as a coach at the high school 's football , baseball and wrestling teams . He would often go to work at 4 am so he could get back in time to coach before dinner , fellow high school coach Dan Clark said . His day job was at Andersen Windows in Bayport , where he worked in quality control . ` He worked 10 to 12 hours a day at Andersen Windows , and he would come home and volunteer four hours a night to our wrestling program for four or five months a year , ' Clark told Fox9 . ` He was one of the greatest human beings that I ever hoped to meet . ' His wife , Christie , stays at home to care for their children . They have four boys , Kellen , Payton , Miles and August , and last year welcomed a baby girl , Molly . Kelly and Ross Lechman were fishing on the Minnesota side of the St Croix River when the argument began . ` I do n't think they fully understand the implications of what happened , ' his brother , Mike Kelly , told KARE . ` His daughter will never even get to know him . ' Friends and family added that they do not believe Kelly was to blame for the confrontation . ` He did good things , and did what was right all the time , ' his brother added . ` And that 's probably what cost him . Some knuckleheads swearing and being silly . ' Anyone with information about the incident is asked to call the Sheriff 's Office at 715-485-8300 . A GoFundMe page has also been set up for the family . Peter Kelly 's brother , Mike Kelly -LRB- right -RRB- , said the dead man 's children did not understand what had happened .