A British couple who are believed to have fled their Berkshire home with their four young children in a bid to escape to Syria have reportedly been arrested in Turkey . Asif Malik , 31 , his partner Sara Kiran , 29 , and their four children were caught on CCTV boarding a cross-Channel ferry from Dover earlier this month . Thames Valley Police believed they arrived in Calais , France , before travelling south down through Europe in a bid to flee to Syria . However , a Turkish official claimed today that the couple had been arrested in Ankara and are currently in custody with their four children - daughter Zoha , seven , and three sons Essa , four , Zakariva , two , and Yahya , one . Photos released by the Turkish government show Asif Malik -LRB- left -RRB- and his partner Sara Kiran -LRB- right -RRB- pushing prams for their young children . They have been arrested by police in Ankara as they tried to go to Syria . Asif Malik , 31 , his partner Sara Kiran , 29 , and their four young children have reportedly been arrested in Ankara , Turkey . The family of six have been missing from their home in Slough , Berkshire , since April 7 . The family , who were spotted on CCTV at Dover catching a ferry to France on April 8 -LRB- pictured -RRB- , were not reported missing by their relatives until eight days later . Police fear they may have been trying to get to Syria . Malik , 31 , who has fled the UK with his family , was pictured at a protest outside the Lebanese embassy in London in May last year holding a pro-ISIS poster . The large poster stated ` Stop Terrorism Against Sunnis ' Earlier , British authorities had said that there was no suggestion the family was doing any fighting in Syria , and it was unclear whether they were sympathetic to members of the Islamic State group or Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . But earlier today , the Mail revealed how Malik was pictured waving a flag in support of ISIS at a demonstration in London last year . The photograph shows Malik - a member of the banned UK extremist group al-Mujahiroun - holding a pro-ISIS sign at a protest against the arrest of hate preacher Omar Bakri Muhammad in May last year . The picture , taken by extremism researcher Jacob Michelson , shows the 31-year-old standing outside the Lebanese embassy in London brandishing a poster which reads ` Islamic State Is Solution ' , with the first letter of each word highlighted to spell out ` ISIS ' . Bakri , who led a number of hate groups in Britain before being kicked out of the UK , was arrested in Lebanon in May , and is believed still to be in detention there . Earlier today Ms Kiran 's family made an emotional appeal directly to her , urging her to get in touch so that they know the family is safe . ` We would like to urge you , Sara and Asif , to make contact with us and let us know that you and the children are safe , ' relatives said in a statement . ` Sara , we want to let you know that we love you - we miss you , Asif and the grandchildren . You are not in trouble , we are not angry or upset , and we just want you to return home safely . ' Thames Valley Police said yesterday that the Malik family were last seen on Tuesday April 7 but were only reported missing to police last Thursday , April 16 . Malik -LRB- left -RRB- and Dhar -LRB- right -RRB- are pictured at a protest outside outside Regent 's Park Mosque in May last year . Asif Malik -LRB- left -RRB- and his partner Sara Kiran -LRB- right -RRB- disappeared from their home in Berkshire this month . Malik and Ms Kiran , who neighbours said usually wore the full Islamic veil , left home without mentioning any holiday or travel plans to family members , which a force spokesman said was ` entirely out of character for this family ' . Police said the family boarded a ferry from Dover to Calais at 12.30 am on Wednesday , April 8 . Neighbours said the alarm was raised after at least one of their four children failed to attend school . Their grandmother was also seen looking for them and knocking on other doors in the modern block of flats where they lived , asking if anyone had seen the family . Neither Malik nor his partner have attempted to contact any family members or friends since , despite taking their mobile phones with them on the trip , police said . Police said the lack of contact led detectives to believe their reason for leaving Britain may not be legitimate . Deputy Chief Constable John Campbell said yesterday : ` Given the online rhetoric from the Islamic State encouraging people to travel to Syria , the direction of travel and concerns voiced by Asif 's family , we are concerned the family may be seeking to travel to Syria . ' Anjem Choudary confirmed yesterday that Malik had been a member of al-Mujahiroun , and described him as a ` champion for shariah ' who regularly attended the group 's events and demonstrations . The Malik family 's last known address in Slough , Berkshire , was in the block of flats on the left of this image . Siddhartha Dhar posted this picture of himself with a gun and his newborn baby on Twitter shortly after arriving in Syria last year . Dhar fled to Syria with his pregnant wife and three young children last year . Both Malik and Dhar are believed to be followers of notorious preacher Anjem Choudary -LRB- pictured above -RRB- . Dhar - one of Choudary 's top henchmen - fled to Syria with his pregnant wife and three young children last year while under investigation by Scotland Yard . He was one of nine men who were detained on September 25 last year on suspicion of encouraging terrorism and supporting al-Muhajiroun . Just hours after publicly declaring he had arrived in Syria , Dhar announced he had become a father to a baby boy who was a member of the latest generation of Islamist extremists . He wrote : ` Alhamdulillah , Allah blessed me with a healthy baby boy in the Islamic State . He is another great addition to the Islamic State . And he 's definitely not British . ' In a picture posted on Twitter at the time , Dhar was seen posing with an AK47 in one hand and his new-born baby in the other while standing in front of a mustard-coloured pickup truck , wearing a thick military style coat and boots . Two other followers of Choudary who have left Britain to join a terror group are Abu Rahin Aziz , from Luton , and former NHS surgeon Mirza Tariq Ali . Aziz skipped bail before he was handed a 36-week jail sentence in absence for attacking a football fan in London 's West End , while Ali was arrested for repeatedly assaulting a bystander at a rally and was reported to have been killed while fighting with the Taliban last month . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .