Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho has fanned the flames of Raheem Sterling 's contract stand-off with Liverpool by insisting he would sell any player who wanted to leave his club . Sterling 's commitment to Liverpool is in doubt after he gave a televised interview on Wednesday explaining why he has chosen to put talks over a new deal on hold . As Sportsmail revealed on Thursday , Chelsea are interested in the 20-year-old and have been asked to be kept updated on his future . Arsenal are also keen on the England international . Raheem Sterling , pictured in training on Thursday , has rejected a new £ 100,000-a-week deal with Liverpool . Jose Mourinho insists that he would sell any of his Chelsea players if they did not want to play for the club . Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers is adamant that Sterling will not be sold in the summer transfer window . Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers will play Sterling at Arsenal in Saturday 's Barclays Premier League clash despite the player admitting that he is ` flattered ' by interest from the north London club . Rodgers insists Sterling is not for sale this summer at any price , despite his reluctance to sign an extension . But Mourinho said : ` I do n't like players that do n't want to play for me and my club . My opinion is every player has a price . ` It does n't matter which player . If you ask me , for example , do I want Eden Hazard to leave Chelsea ? No . If he wants to leave and does n't want to work with me , does n't want to play for Chelsea , does he have a price ? I think he has . But I also understand the philosophy of managers and clubs who want to keep the players at any price . My philosophy is not better than that , it 's just mine . ' Mourinho and Chelsea are interested in Sterling and could make a move for him at the end of the season . Sterling will start against Arsenal despite admitting it was ` quite flattering ' to be linked with the Gunners . Mourinho watches Ruben Loftus-Cheek , Filipe Luis and Nemanja Matic -LRB- L-R -RRB- in training at Cobham on Friday . Rodgers has resisted the temptation to leave out Sterling on Saturday after a turbulent three days following his revelation of the reasons for stalling over a new £ 100,000-a-week contract . Sterling 's remarks about being flattered by Arsenal 's interest have only added to suspicions that his representatives are trying to engineer a move to London . But Rodgers believes that Sterling will react ` very strongly ' to the situation and has the right temperament to handle a game that Liverpool need to win to close a six-point gap on Arsenal in the race for a top-four finish . ` He will play , ' said the Liverpool boss . ` If it was a different player I would maybe have something to think about . But with this kid , since he has come in , trained and worked with me , he has been phenomenal and I expect him to go there and perform at a high level . ` I think he is a strong character . He 's a young boy , still learning , on and off the field , but I do n't think there was anything derogatory to Liverpool . I know he loves the club and I expect him to perform at a high level . ' Rodgers says he expects Sterling to ` perform at a high level ' against Arsenal despite his contract wrangle . Sterling has attracted interest from clubs including Arsenal , Manchester City and Bayern Munich . Kolo Toure , pictured being challenged by Steven Gerrard , believes Sterling should remain at Anfield . Kolo Toure , meanwhile , has warned that leaving Anfield could see Sterling end up on the scrapheap at another club , in a similar way that occurred with Jack Rodwell and Scott Sinclair at Manchester City . The English pair , who used to play with Toure at City , played just nine Premier League games between them after moving to the Etihad . Toure told the Liverpool Echo : ` Both Rodwell and Sinclair went to a club where there is big competition and did n't play . ` If Raheem left Liverpool he would not be sure to start games . Make a mistake or do n't score for two games and he will be on the bench . He needs to stay here . This is the best place for him . '