Labour peer John Prescott has defended Prince Charles over allegations he tries to secretly influence government policy with scrawled private notes to ministers - insisting he should ` right to ` write as many damn letters as he likes ' . The former deputy prime minister said he can not see a problem with the future King writing to government ministers and insisted he had ` a lot to offer this country ' . Lord Prescott 's intervention comes after the Supreme Court backed a previous ruling paving the way for the publication of Prince Charles 's so-called ` black spider ' memos . Lord Prescott , left , said that the Prince of Wales has a lot to offer the country . The letters were penned between September 2004 and March 2005 and sent by the Prince to seven government departments . Lord Prescott , whose letters are separate to those due to be released , said that while he is ` not a raving loyalist ' , he has ` a lot of time for Charles ' who he described as a passionate environmentalist . He said while he listens to the views of everyone who contacts him on political matters , he makes his own decisions . The former Labour minister , writing in the Sunday Mirror , said : ' Charles has an awful lot to offer this country . ` And if he wants to serve his subjects by helping young people into work , combating climate change and building sustainable communities , he can write as many damn letters as he likes . ' Lord Prescott published extracts from two letters he received from the Prince - including one expressing his sadness at the death of the Labour politician 's mother . The Labour peer said the notes proved ` the measure of the man ' . He said : ` They show he has nothing to hide and he should n't be worried about publication . ' The first letter is a typed invitation to a meeting of Regional Development Agency leaders in 1999 . Charles says it would be ` splendid ' to see Lord Prescott . The second is more personal and was written in the Prince 's distinctive handwriting in 2003 . It expresses sadness at the death of Lord Prescott 's mother . The Prince opens by joking that he has ` been overdoing the quota ' of letters to the Deputy PM . Prince Charles - with the Duchess of Cornwall at Ascot races last week - does a lot of good for the country , according to the former Labour minister Lord Prescott . But despite this -- and the ` trouble ' the press would give him -- he goes on to express his sadness and says his ` heart goes out ' to the politician . He added : ` I did receive letters from the prince when I was in government but they had no effect on any policy . People say he should n't be writing to ministers but he 's quite entitled to express his opinion . ` Politicians are lobbied all the time by individuals and groups and none of them would allow a letter -- even from Prince Charles -- to unduly influence them . ' Prince Charles has long been accused of ` bombarding ' ministers with ` black spider ' memos attacking government policy . His letters are so-named after his distinctive handwriting and abundant use of underlining and exclamation marks . Both Clarence House and the Prime Minister expressed disappointment after the court ruling . The notes reflect , according to previous attorney general Dominic Grieve , the prince 's ` most deeply held personal views and beliefs ' .