Arrogant : Violent robber Lynch posing for a jail selfie . Staring cockily at the camera , violent robber Craig ` Lazie ' Lynch shows off his toned physique in a series of audacious self-portraits taken in his prison cell -- from where he is said to be earning a fortune by running illegal websites . Lynch is serving nine years for a series of violent gang robberies , including one in which a knife was held to a terrified father 's throat in front of his family . Use of computers , social media and mobile phones is strictly forbidden behind bars . Yet , as this picture and his posts show , Lynch has been free to run a sneering Facebook site from his cell in Bedford Prison . And , according to a former friend , he is using it to make huge profits from websites selling legal highs . The friend , now disgusted with Lynch and the ` lax attitude ' of the prison authorities , told The Mail on Sunday the bearded criminal has become a ` self-made millionaire earning so much tax-free money behind bars he has invested in properties in Cyprus , Ireland and Spain and a fleet of luxury cars ' . Lynch , 34 , is in constant communication with more than 400 ` friends ' , poking fun at British justice and bragging about using an iPhone and a Samsung Galaxy . He updates social media feeds with ` selfies ' and photos of takeaway meals -- and reports how he has had a tattoo , drinks vodka , plays online games and has a personal gym trainer . ` He should be in prison as a punishment , not living it up , ' said the former friend . ` He 's arrogant , resourceful , and owns properties overseas and UK-based businesses . ` Incredibly , this is all through crime , run on Facebook while in prison . ' This is not the first time Lynch -- who has appeared in court 22 times for 66 offences -- has used Facebook to taunt the authorities . In 2009 he used the site to goad police after vanishing from Hollesley Bay Prison , Suffolk , where he was serving a seven-year sentence for aggravated burglary . He was recaptured in January 2010 . He was later released but in August last year he was found guilty of robbery and sent back to prison -- and once again began posting from his cell on Facebook . Claiming he studies ` Advanced criminology at University of Crime ' , he even uses Facebook to advertise for people to work for him . In one post he offers : ' £ 250 an hour , three hours a week . Only the sinister to apply . Easy work . No crime . ' Contraband items are often smuggled into jails or thrown over the walls . The former friend also believes Lynch was behind an attempt in March to fly contraband goods into the prison using a drone , which was discovered in netting above the perimeter wall -- as reported in The Mail on Sunday . A parcel attached to the drone contained drugs , a phone , a blade and screwdrivers . The source said : ` Lynch posted a cutting from a newspaper report about the find and wrote , ` No comment ... ' It was his way of bragging he was behind it . ` He is making a fortune selling contraband inside , such as phones and legal highs , as well as his earnings from the websites , all tax-free . ` Yet the authorities seem to look the other way . ' The Ministry of Justice said last night that any prisoners using mobile phones would face disciplinary action . Lynch is serving nine years in Bedford Prison -LRB- pictured -RRB- for a series of violent gang robberies .