The life of a 16-year-old girl stabbed to death at a Connecticut school a year ago on the day of prom was celebrated Saturday by hundreds of people with a road race , fried food and live music . Wearing shirts in Maren Sanchez 's favorite color of purple , the crowd filled a baseball field behind Milford 's Jonathan Law High School , where she was attacked and killed in a hallway on April 25 , 2014 . A classmate , Christopher Plaskon , has been charged with murder . After a week of somber remembrances at the school , her classmates and event organizers said the idea was to remember Sanchez on the anniversary of her death as she would have wanted , with smiles and joy . Remembrance : Friends embrace and remember slain student Maren Sanchez on Saturday , April 25 , 2015 . Plans : Maren Sanchez , pictured in the dress she had planned to wear to prom , was excited about the dance which was due to attend with her new boyfriend last year . ` I did it ' : Chris Plaskon is being charged with murder as an adult over the stabbing of Sanchez . ` I do n't think there 's anything sad about this , ' said Darby Hudd , a 17-year-old friend of the slain teen . ` It 's such a celebration . ' The slaying stunned people around Connecticut and especially in this shoreline city , where Sanchez is remembered as an outgoing person , active in drama and other school activities , who had a kind word for anyone she met . The event included a kickball tournament , bounce houses and a dunk tank , with proceeds benefiting a scholarship program created by Sanchez 's mother . The day was bittersweet , with some exchanging long hugs , but organizers said they agreed with Sanchez 's mother , Donna Cimarelli , that the community did not need another vigil . ` We 've cried a lot in this town . If you knew Maren , she would have embraced an event like this , ' said Elena Garet , whose daughter was friends with the teenager . Tragic : This May 2 , 2014 , file photo shows a girl stopping at a memorial for Maren Sanchez outside Jonathan Law High School , in Milford , Connecticut . Live music : Jonathan Law senior Rachel Escobar and Steve Gonza , of the band Ink , practice a piece of original music written for Maren Sanchez . Mourning friends : Jonathan Law High School senior Jarrod Butts and Jamie Loma , left , and Jill Bendlak , right , remember Maren Sanchez on Saturday . ` Maren was a girl who brought people together . ' The classmate accused of attacking Sanchez with a knife , Christopher Plaskon , has pleaded not guilty . His attorney has said he intends to use an insanity defense . Police have said they were looking into whether the attack was related to Sanchez 's refusal to be Plaskon 's date to their junior prom . Fran Thompson , the high school principal , said students and faculty are still recovering from the loss of the beloved girl . Over the last week , he said , the school held memorial events and students have been tweeting favorite memories of Sanchez and examples of people showing kindness toward others . All in purple : Students hold hands and remember Maren Sanchez on Saturday , April 25 , 2015 , while listening to live music during the ` Peace Love & Music From Maren ' event . ` This whole year has really changed us a lot , ' he said . ` I think it 's made us more aware of the importance to remember the good in people , to take a moment and put things in perspective . ' The 16-year-old Connecticut student accused of killing Sanchez who turned down his offer to go to prom , told police after the attack : ` I did it , ' court documents show . Christopher Plaskon has been charged with murder as an adult over the death of Maren Sanchez , a friend who was killed last year in a hallway of Jonathan Law High School in Milford .