David Letterman stunned his Late Show audience into silence with a joke branded ` disrespectful to women ' David Letterman stunned his Late Show audience into silence with a joke which has been branded as ` disrespectful to women ' . The veteran host was attempting to warm up the studio audience ahead of his show on Monday when he made the off-colour gag . Letterman had just opened up questions to the floor , and fielded the first query of the night from a college employee , reported the New York Post . They asked what advice the scandal-hit comic would give to this year 's graduates . Letterman , who was in 2009 forced to admit to string of affairs , said : ` Treat a lady like a wh -- e , and a wh -- e like a lady . ' But the joke received a frosty reception from the shocked crowd . After being met with stunned silence , the host attempted to recover by offering further advice to graduates to ` eat salad ' and ` always be nice ' . However , several audience members at the Ed Sullivan Theater were furious over the sexist joke . Retired Jerry Stockton , from Virginia , called it ` disrespectful to women ' while another , who would not be named , said it had been an ` odd choice ' for the first joke of the evening . The gag is thought to have been a reference to a saying by 1930s screenwriter Wilson Mizner . Scroll down for video . Joe Logan , 41 , from Pennsylvania , told the New York Post : ` Younger people watch his show . We already live in a culture that objectifies women , it 's not right to make a joke like that . ' A Letterman spokesman said he could not ` confirm the accuracy ' of Monday 's failed joke and would not comment further . But a source close to the show insisted ` It got a big laugh . ' Letterman carried on with the show which had guests including John Travolta and Amy Schumer , star of her eponymous Comedy Central show , ` Inside Amy Schumer . ' Old friends : David thanked John for being his friend over the decades during Monday 's show . It was during a Monday warm up that he made the gag . The Grease actor , 61 , had tried to bring his son Ben on to meet his ` old friend ' Letterman but the nervous youngster had fled the stage into his mother 's arms . The host later offered some advice to Schumer and instructed her to ` do something now that you 'll regret . ' So the comedienne immediately lifted her dress and flashed ... her surfing scar to a relieved-looking Letterman . In October 2009 , the veteran host of the Late Show had been forced to admit to a string of affairs live on air by a blackmailing producer . The host made the shocking revelation on his show that he had cheated on his wife , Regina Lasko , whom he had only married that March . He made the confession after becoming the victim of an extortion plot concocted by a then-CBS producer , Robert Halderman , who demanded $ 2 million in exchange for his silence over the affairs . Letterman is now planning to retire from the show after more than 20 years of hosting on May 20 . Good times : David rubbed his forehead while Amy cracked up after he told her to do something she 'd regret .