A widow who was left £ 15million by a high-rolling gambler has launched a multi-million pound lawsuit against his family -- claiming she is owed up to £ 385million more . Ruanne Dellal says her husband Jack was worth at least £ 400million when he died and the £ 15million left to her was an ` absurd presentation ' of his true wealth . The former beauty queen has launched a High Court claim against his relatives , in which she claims the property tycoon must have given away vast chunks of his fortune in secret deals to his family . Scroll down for video . Lawsuit : Jack Dellal left his whole estate to wife Ruanne , but she is suing after discovering that it amounts to just £ 1.7 million . Daughters : Mrs Dellal is suing six of her husband 's children , including Gabrielle , left , and Jasmine , right . Mrs Dellal , 61 , whose own assets have been valued at £ 41.5 million , says she is owed a ` reasonable provision ' following the death of the legendary gambler . Her late husband , known as ` Black Jack ' , was a regular at the gaming tables of casinos in Mayfair and Monaco and gambled £ 1.7 million in a single night in 2006 . His family dispute his widow 's allegations and the true extent of the tycoon 's wealth will now be scrutinised by the High Court , which will assess Mrs Dellal 's claim that she has been short-changed . She claims six of his children are the supposed beneficiaries of his alleged secret handouts . Siblings Lorraine , Diane , Gabrielle , Jasmine and Rowan were named along with son Guy , the father of Agent Provocateur lingerie model Alice Dellal . His grandson Alex and elderly sister Violet were also named . Yesterday , they failed in a bid to persuade a judge to throw out her claim before it could come to trial , setting the scene for a potentially explosive court battle . Mr Dellal , who was friends with celebrities including Sir Mick Jagger , was notoriously secretive about his financial dealings but is said to have gambled millions every year , regularly winning or losing up to a £ 1million a night . He died in October 2012 , aged 89 , and left his entire estate to Mrs Dellal , his second wife , with nothing to his six adult children from previous relationships as he said he had already made provisions for them . Mrs Dellal , a former Miss South Africa , received £ 15.4 million and he also put £ 20million in a trust fund for their two children , now aged 15 and 12 . Son : Guy Dellal , pictured with his wife Andrea , is also being sued by his stepmother over his father 's will . Granddaughters : Guy is the father of model Alice Dellal , left , and shoe designer Charlotte Dellal , right . But she claims his fortune appears to have shrunk mysteriously between his 2006 will which named her as his sole beneficiary and his death six years later . Mr Dellal , who was born in Chorlton , Manchester , to Iranian émigré parents , made a fortune in textiles , merchant banking and property and his wealth was once said to top £ 1billion . Jack Dellal was the son of immigrants from Baghdad , and he started his career as a humbile textile dealer in his home city of Manchester . He became a multi-millionaire after starting a small banking business called Dalton Barton , which he sold to the bank Keyser Ullmann in 1972 for £ 58million - more than £ 700million in today 's money . Mr Dellal used the proceeds of the deal to set up Allied Commercial Holdings , which he used as a vehicle for property dealings for the rest of his life . In 1989 , he made a vast profit from the purchase of Bush House on the Strand in central London , which was the headquarters of the BBC World Service . Allied Commercial bought the building for £ 55million in 1987 , and sold it on to Japanese firm Kato Kagaku for £ 130million just two years later . His final big deal came with the sale of the Art Deco Shell-Mex House , overlooking the Thames , which raked in a £ 150million profit when it changed hands in 2007 . He had a son and four daughters from his first marriage to a former Israeli air stewardess , which ended in divorce , and two daughters from another relationship . He married his second wife in 1997 and transferred assets worth around £ 56million to his six eldest children shortly after that wedding . By 2007 the couple 's marriage was in trouble and they each consulted two of Britain 's leading divorce lawyers , Raymond Tooth and Sandra Davis . Records of those meetings , revealed to the High Court , were said to show Mr Dellal did not dispute he was worth £ 400million . The couple did not divorce , but Mrs Dellal claims her husband began funnelling huge amounts of money into trusts for his children without her knowledge , and had a £ 50million ` secret stash ' hidden in an account . In his written ruling , High Court judge Mr Justice Mostyn said Mrs Dellal had argued a ` strong ' case that her husband had access to ` very considerable resources ' , but said there was little evidence he had given it to his children in secret . He said : ` It goes like this . If Jack was very rich , and if his estate appears to have mysteriously shrunk , then the money can only have gone to his blood family . There are no other candidates . ' Mr Dellal 's family asked the judge to throw the case out as they said she can not prove he gave money to them . They also argued Mrs Dellal 's wealth meant there was ` no prospect ' of the court awarding her any more money . She owns an £ 8.5 million mansion in Regent 's Park , central London , a £ 3million townhouse in Mayfair , the couple 's £ 5million home in Hampshire , a £ 1.1 million house in Cape Town in South Africa , cars , jewellery and art worth almost £ 6million and has investments in the Middle East worth £ 26.5 million . Grandson : Art dealer Alex Dellal , pictured with his wife Elisa and their son Jack , is the son of Guy . She claims her fortune has been ` somewhat diminished ' recently , although Mr Dellal 's relatives argued that was down to her own mismanagement . Mr Justice Mostyn said it would be unfair to dismiss Mrs Dellal 's case without further scrutiny of her late husband 's finances . No date has yet been set for the case to be heard .