Prehistoric man sketched an incredible array of prehistoric beasts on the rough limestone walls of a cave in modern day France 36,000 years ago . Now , with the help of cutting-edge technology , those works of art in the Chauvet-Pont-d'Arc Cave have been reproduced to create the biggest replica cave in the world . The manmade cavern named the Caverne du Pont-d'Arc has been built a few miles from the original site in Vallon-Pont-D'arc in Southern France and contains 1,000 painstakingly-reproduced drawings as well as around 450 bones and other features . Scroll down for video . Cavemen and women sketched an incredible array of prehistoric beasts on the rough limestone walls of a cave 36,000 years ago and now a replica has been created -LRB- pictured -RRB- . The replica cave -LRB- pictured -RRB- contains 1,000 painstakingly reproduced drawings , as well as bones and other debris . It contains pictures of oxen , cows , deer and other animals the original artists used as inspiration . The original and unique ` Grotte Chauvet ' was discovered around 20 years ago and is a Unesco World Heritage Site . It is the oldest known and the best preserved cave decorated by man , but is not open to the public and is only seen by a handful of experts every year , in order to keep the precious works of art safe . Now experts have scanned the original drawings using 3D modelling techniques to capture each marking and position them correctly on the bumpy replica walls to the millimetres . The replica cave -LRB- pictured -RRB- has been built near Vallon-Pont-D'arc in Southern France and contains 1,000 painstakingly-reproduced drawings of 425 animals as well as around 450 bones . It is the oldest cave decorated by man -- and the best preserved , but is not open to the public to keep the precious works of art safe . It bears images of woolly rhinos for example -LRB- the replica drawings are shown -RRB- . ` The most remarkable paintings , engravings , palaeontological and essential geological representations are reproduced full-scale from the scanned originals , ' promotional material says . ` The objective is to reproduce the emotions originally aroused by the cave and to reveal its hidden world . ' The drawings include images of 14 different species such as cave bears , woolly rhinoceros , mammoths and big cats , some of which are the only representations in Palaeolithic cave art . Unique representations include a panther , owl and even part of the female body , making the original site an invaluable research subject for scientists around the world . Experts scanned the original drawings using 3D modelling techniques to capture each marking and position them correctly on the bumpy replica walls to the millimetre . A replica mammoth is shown . The drawings include images of 14 different species such as cave bears , woolly rhinoceros , mammoths and big cats , some of which are the only representations in Palaeolithic cave art . The reproduction is shown . ` The Decorated Cave of Pont-d'Arc is an invitation to a journey back in time , a wonderful dive into the heart of humanity and a major landmark in the history of civilisation , ' said the creators of the replica . Creators added that one of their objectives was to reproduce the emotions aroused by the original cave . A solitary sketch of an antelope lies on a wall of the massive replica cave in southern France . The replica cave called the Caverne du Pont-d'Arc has been built a few miles from the original site in Vallon-Pont-D'arc in Southern France -LRB- shown with a red marker -RRB- . Unique representations include a panther , owl and even part of the female body , making the original site an invaluable research subject for scientists around the world . The panther is among these big cats . While the real cave is 91,490 square feet -LRB- 8,500 metres -RRB- the replica is 32,290 square feet -LRB- 3,000 square metres -RRB- in area . Here , copies of drawings can be seen on the ceiling . Visitors to the Caverne du Pont-d'Arc marvel at the replica cave , which is almost identical to the 36,000 year old Vallon-Pont-D'arc . The replica cave -LRB- pictured -RRB- will open to the public on April 25 . Pictured is a drawing of a horse that adorns its roof . The replica cave reproduces the complex and turbulent works of art depicted in the Decorated Cave of Pont-d'Arc . Specialists used 3D modelling and anamorphic techniques , the latter of which is used to shoot widescreen images . Using a high-precision scanner , a three-dimensional digital model of the cave was created . Experts first modelled the cave 's continuous surface and then made it fit the new space accordingly . They took 6,000 digital photos of the artwork , allowing it to be copied accurately . Images were placed on the corresponding computerised cave-walls before being transferred onto the physical replica . The new cave also includes replica paw prints of bears , bones and details preserved in the original cave . But while the real cave is 91,490 square feet -LRB- 8,500 metres -RRB- the replica is 32,290 square feet -LRB- 3,000 square metres -RRB- in area and visitors to the attraction , which opens on April 25 , will be able to take in the artwork while standing on a raised walkway . Promotional material for the replica says : ` Today , the bold alliance of artistic creation and the most advanced technologies , some of which were used for the first time , make of this replica a true prototype . ` ... The Decorated Cave of Pont-d'Arc is an invitation to a journey back in time , a wonderful dive into the heart of humanity and a major landmark in the history of civilisation . ` Our ambition is to give visitors the opportunity to feel the same emotions , experience the same sensations and the surprise to discover a unique place in the world . ' Hervé Saulignac , President of the General Council of the Ardèche and Vice-President of the Rhône-Alpes Region , said : ` 36 000 years separate us from these men , highflying artists , who settled there , a few metres from a river that still defines our territory . ` Almost everything is similar -- nature - it has not aged . ` Our ambition is that it should be the same . To preserve this masterpiece for future generations , to continue to make it indestructible , untouched by the ravages of man and time ... ' The attraction , which has cost € 55 million -LRB- £ 40 million or $ 60 million -RRB- , also includes a discovery centre , which will inform visitors about the flora , fauna and daily lives of our ancestors who lived in the region 36,000 years ago . Sketches of panthers adorn the wall of the replica cave , which cost £ 40million to create . It is the largest replica cave in the world and features a walkway from which visitors can view the reproduced sketches . Promotional material for the replica says : ` Today , the bold alliance of artistic creation and the most advanced technologies , some of which were used for the first time , make of this replica a true prototype . ' A reproduction of a sketch of a woolly rhino done 36,000 years ago , is shown . The replica cavern condenses 8,000 square metres of the original site into 3,000 square metres and contains more than 1,000 drawings . A visitor to the cave points at the animal drawings which were modelled identically on those discovered in southern France 20 years ago . Creators hope the replica will help preserve the masterpiece of original cave art discovered 20 years ago - which is only open to researchers . The attraction also includes a discovery centre , which will inform visitors about the flora , fauna and daily lives of our ancestors who lived in the region . The site is not just limited to artwork - pictured here are replicas of more than 450 bones found in the original Vallon-Pont-D'arc . Sketches adorning the replica cave 's walls include images of antelopes , panthers , horses and cows .