Mister Money is now putting his money where his mouth is . Floyd Mayweather has commissioned a mouthguard not only imbedded with his usual diamond and gold bling but stuffed with $ 100 bills . Total cost , according to his favourite website TMZ , is $ 25,000 . Floyd Mayweather -LRB- left -RRB- vs Manny Pacquiao in the official advert for their mega-fight on May 2 . Pay-per-view watchers in America will have to pay up to $ 100 -LRB- £ 67.48 -RRB- to watch the fight . Manny Pacquiao posted a picture of him doing yoga on Monday as part of his preparation for the big fight . Floyd Mayweather works in his gym as the fight with Pacquiao draws closer . As the value of the richest fight of all time keeps rising ever closer to the half-billion mark , so does the value of Manny Pacquiao 's target . If the PacMan does land the knockout blow , then given the expensive protection at least the Money Man should wake up smiling . Mayweather has just spent $ 300,000 on yet another vehicle , according to his favourite website TMZ . This is a Mercedes ` Land Yacht ' people carrier to which he has added such extras as a 55-inch television and a champagne bar , to turn it into what he calls his ` Party Bus . ' And so it turns out that all the time Andre Ward was talking about coming to England for a rematch with Carl Froch he was setting up yet another easy night out in his own backyard . Only a couple of days after the self-called Son of God declared he would be prepared to cross the Atlantic to face the Cobra , Ward revealed that his overdue ring comeback will be taking place in his California hometown on June 20 . The opponent ? Most likely a certain Marco Antonio Periban , who turned up in questionable condition to face James DeGale and was promptly knocked out in that final eliminator for Andre Dirrell 's IBF super-middleweight title . Andre Ward is set to make his overdue ring comeback in his hometown on June 20 . So much for wanting to do it a second time with Froch to unify the WBA 's two world championship belts . That fight had been ordered by the WBA and Froch 's promoter Eddie Hearn did his best to come to terms before the March 31 deadline . Now Ward 's announcement has made it yet more likely that Froch might retire . Ward had claimed a readiness to overcome his phobia -- either fear of flying or of fighting abroad . He would n't go as far as Froch 's home city of Nottingham but he did express a willingness to travel to London for a showdown at either Wembley or the 02 . His argument was that his US victory over Froch in the final of the Super Six super-middleweight tournament took place in Atlantic City , not Oakland . So London would be fairer than Nottingham . Still , Froch doubted he was serious and was apparently right to do so . It is back to home sweet home for Ward , at the Oracle Arena across the bay from San Francisco . If not exactly the offspring of the Almighty , Ward is a favourite son of American boxing . So the WBA appear compliant , with no sign yet of him being stripped of his belt . Foch is unlikely to get his dream fight against Ward or Julio Cesar Chavez Jnr . Ward remains atop the ratings as their ` super ' champion , with Froch still the ` regular ' world titlist . Maybe the WBA are giving him license to shake off the ring rust after being out of the ring since his points win over another undistinguished foe , Edwin Rodriguez , way back in November 2013 . Yet Ward 's inactivity has long since become more a result of self-inflicted promotional disputes than his original injury . Now he is the first major signing by the new kids on that block , the music industry-backed Roc Nation , who are trying to confirm not only the opponent for June 20 but a TV deal . That the television rights have not been snapped up instantly by either of the major networks HBO or Showtime speaks to Ward 's sluggish box office appeal despite the high professional regard for his skills . The closest he has come to properly fighting abroad has been a couple of low-key outings to the Caribbean . That he so much as contemplated travelling several thousand miles to face Froch indicates a realisation that he could make a lot more money in England . Still , that temptation is not enough . Not yet , anyway . He carries on talking about the Cobra later . But as it stands one of Froch 's dreams for his farewell appearance -- boxing at the City Ground home of Nottingham Forest -- has been dashed . The other ambition -- a fight in Las Vegas -- hangs on Julio Cesar Chavez Jnr coming through an interim bout and agreeing to meet him there in September . But Froch says : ` Unless I get a fight that excites me soon I may well hang up the gloves . ' Ward , meanwhile , talks about meeting the challenge of middleweight KO sensation Gennady Golovkin ` soon ' . Floyd Mayweather says : ` For me , Andre beats him every day of the week . ' The questions , Andre , are which day ? And where ? The IBF still insist that Amir Khan , who has yet to confirm Chris Algieri or anyone else as his May 30 opponent , turned down a fight with Tim Bradley as a final eliminator for Kell Brook 's world welterweight title . One question for the IBF : . Why would Khan bother with an eliminator when Brook is gagging to meet him in a Battle of Britain ? Amir Khan 's proposed fight with Chris Algieri is yet to be confirmed .