Arsenal are the form team in Europe at present , winning 10 games out of their last 11 , including seven in a row . Their recent success can probably be explained by a number of reasons . Players have returned from injury at the right time , Olivier Giroud ca n't stop scoring , Hector Bellerin and Francis Coquelin have emerged , while Arsene Wenger seems to have found his drive once again . But could there be something else ? With the Gunners preparing for the Premier League trip to Burnley on Saturday , one of their partners Europcar have revealed how some of the first-team stars motivate themselves on the team bus with some interesting and uncharacteristic selections included . Arsenal players have revealed their ultimate pre-game playlist ahead of their Premier League tie with Burnley . Olivier Giroud selected Coldplay 's ` Every Teardrop Is A Waterfall ' as his selected track . For instance , who would have guessed Giroud was a Coldplay fan ? And can you picture Laurent Koscielny nodding along to Pharrell Williams ' hit ` Happy ' before defending at Turf Moor ? And that 's not all . Nacho Monreal opts for Dance DJ legend David Guetta 's lead single from his sixth album ` Dangerous ' , David Ospina will even find time for some Colombian rap with J Balvin 's track ` Tranquila ' pre-game . Santi Cazorla has been in sparkling form in recent months with his languid style of creating from deep . So it is perhaps no surprise that the Spanish playmaker opts for something a bit softer - with pop singer from his homeland Melendi giving the 30-year-old all he needs before setting foot off the bus . Cazorla 's track choice may be slightly more old school , but that 's nothing compared to Theo Walcott . The England forward is obviously Loungin ' before games with his selection of LL Cool J 's 1996 summer hip-hop tune , which does n't quite posses the fast pace we expect from Walcott on the pitch . Santi Cazorla 's style of music seems to suit him - selecting Spanish pop star Melendi 's slow track . Nacho Monreal appears to be a fan of up-beat dance music , opting for David Guetta track ` Dangerous ' Laurent Koscielny may prepare for defending at Turf Moor by listening to ` Happy ' by Pharrell Williams . Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain , Calum Chambers , Danny Welbeck , Aaron Ramsey and Kieran Gibbs are the youngest players on the list , so it is perhaps no surprise they go for recent and more mainstream hits . Phillip George 's house track ` Wish You Were Mine ' , Macklemore 's smash record ` Ca n't Hold Us ' , ` End Credits by drum and bass duo Chase and Status -LRB- ft Plan B -RRB- , the Arctic Monkeys ' indie toe-tapper ` Arabella ' and Royal Blood 's ` Figure It Out ' are there respective selections . The light-hearted activity is designed to bring fans closer to their heroes , giving an insight into day in the life of a Premier League footballer before an important game . ` As Arsenal 's official car and van rental partner , we wanted to bring travelling fans closer to their heroes so they can be inspired by the player 's ultimate playlist which will get them fired up for another important game this weekend , ' explained Ken McCall , Managing Director , Europcar UK Group . ` It 's certainly an eclectic playlist . ` We wish Arsenal the very best of luck in the match . ' Burnley are desperate for three points at the bottom of the table , while the Gunners are looking to keep their faint title chances alive with a win in the Saturday evening fixture . Colombian goalkeeper David Ospina selected a rap song from his home country - J Balvin 's ` Tranquila ' Theo Walcott opted for a 1996 summer jam - LL Cool J 's laid back r & b song ` Loungin ''