The family of a two-year-old boy shot and killed in his home have been left outraged after a local newspaper used his death for a political cartoon about gun culture . Kaden Lum was gunned down in Bremerton , Washington , on March 28 , in front of his mother by an unidentified suspect who is still on the run . Heather Kelso , who was sharing a room with the youngster 's mother , Jalisa , was also killed while a neighbor visiting at the time was shot in the abdomen . Just two weeks on from the horrific incident , the Kitsap Sun printed the controversial illustration on their opinion page . It depicts Kaden as an angel next to a caricature of a devil dressed as Uncle Sam . Kaden Lum was gunned down by an unidentified suspect at his home in Bremerton , Washington , on March 28 . The controversial cartoon depicts Kaden as an angel next to a caricature of a devil dressed as Uncle Sam . The wording above the cartoon of the boy reads : ` Since Kaden is an angel , then ... ' while ` America 's gun culture ' is written over the top of the devil . The boy 's grandfather believes the decision to print the cartoon , designed by veteran cartoonist Milt Priggee , was in ` bad taste ' . Jason Trammell , 51 , told KING 5-TV that he has probably cried more times in the last fortnight than he has in 40 years . He said : ` It was in very bad taste . It was disrespectful and it was not in line with honoring my grandson 's memory . The editor of the paper , Dave Nelson , defended the decision in an op-ed . ` The intent behind our commentary might be to provoke thought , but it should n't be to harm , ' he wrote . ` I do n't believe Milt -LSB- Priggee -RSB- was intending to hurt a family , though I acknowledge the pain that 's followed . It 's a tough one . In the cartoon , Kaden was portrayed as an angel . The boy 's heartbroken father James Trammell -LRB- right -RRB- questioned what person had the ` audacity ' to shoot a child and then run away . The boy 's mother Jalisa Lum was also inside the home at the time of the shooting and desperatley tried to shield her son . She was not hurt . ` That portrayal is n't hurtful . You see a precious angel that a family lost and who our community should n't forget , just like we should n't forget the vexing problems that lead to tragedy . ' He added that there had been a range of reactions to the illustration . The most emotional however was from Kaden 's family who met Nelson to express their disgust . ` The strongest -LSB- reaction -RSB- was from a few family members of Kaden , who Monday and again Tuesday spoke with me in person passionately , angrily and with despair over the loss of the little boy and their feelings toward the cartoon and the Kitsap Sun , ' Nelson wrote . ` I understand their anger , and I 'm sorry that something we published led to more sorrow in a difficult time . ` Would things have been different if the cartoon published a week later , after more time to heal ? If the baby was n't illustrated so accurately ? ` Was there another way to make the same point ? That 's what I 've wrestled with , as I have with other editorial cartoons that I 've declined to run over the years when one crossed a line . Police -LRB- pictured at the scene in the aftermath of the shooting -RRB- have not made any arrests in the case and do not have any suspects . ` It happens more often than you 'd think . ` Milt Priggee speaks for himself through his cartoons , it 's my job to decide whether to publish them . It 's my job to hear the complaints , occasionally the praise , and publish the opposing viewpoints as well . ` It 's everyone 's job to keep having conversations that might be difficult and to pray and offer thoughts for a family and a community that 's still hurting . ' Kaden 's mother , Jalisa Lum , was desperately trying to shield her son from the gunman when he was shot , it is reported . She was not hurt in the gunfire and later told police that she did not know the attacker . She told Fox 13 : ` There are no words to describe what has been taken away . ` I grabbed the baby because I did n't know where the gunshots were coming from , and I dove to the ground and held him . ' The boy 's heartbroken father , James Trammell , told Fox 13 : ` You spend all this time bringing your son up , watching him progress . Then all of sudden , somebody comes and just takes it all away . ' ` He -LSB- the suspect -RSB- took a baby from us , and took the mother of another child , ' he added . ` What person has the audacity to pull something like that and then run ? ' A friend of the family Carisa Gibson has set up a GoFundMe page to help the boy 's parents cover the funeral costs . It has raised nearly $ 7,000 .