The curtain fell on Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia 2015 on Thursday night in a spectacular finale show by Johanna Johnson . The glamorous Hollywood-inspired collection , ` Sirens ' Call ' , featured mirrored embellishments , fringing , and feathers , while the hair and make-up appeared to be influenced by the Great Gatsby . Johnson 's trademark gowns featured heavily in the collection , which was created in under one month , interrupted by separates of leather and cashmere . Scroll down for video . Grand finale : Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia 2015 ended in Sydney on Thursday night with a spectacular show by Johanna Johnson . Hollywood glamour : The collection , Sirens ' Call , featured intricate wedding gowns with with hand-beaded detailing . Spotlight : Johnson said ahead of the show that she intended to ` bring a little bit of Hollywood to Sydney ' ` I wanted it to be a celebration in terms of bringing a little bit of Hollywood to Sydney , ' Johnson said . ` It 's also a call to all independent strong women , everyone who is trying to juggle careers , motherhood and even just modern life . ' Stand-out pieces were a structured gown embellished with hand-beaded mirrors . The model dazzled disco-ball style as she strut down the runway . Disco ball : One of the highlights of the collection was a structured gown embellished with hand-beaded mirrored pieces . Shimmy : Models wore dresses and separates in gold and gunmetal with fringed beading . Other notable creations were a gold foil skirt , liquid metallic silver satin dress with a tulle skirt , and an incredibly intricate 1920s style wedding gown . The hand-beaded dress was so heavy that the slight model struggled to stay upright as she made her way down the runway , and was seen celebrating backstage when she made it back without falling . More sheer creations turned heads following an increasingly racy day at the shows - a black netted full-length dress turned heads . Flirty : A model swished her sheer red dress on the catwalk , giving a glimpse of her black G-string underwear . Sheer delight : Another see-through dress was conservatively cut , but entirely sheer . Leather and feathers : A gold maxi skirt was a stand-out in the collection -LRB- left -RRB- , while ensembles were accessorised with feather neckwear . A model in a gold fringed top paired with a plum skirt shimmied her way down the catwalk to give photographers a glimpse of how the garment moved . ` The luxe collection celebrates the art of fine dressing with an elaborate approach to both luxury lifestyle and opulent evening wear , ' Johnson stated . ` Adorned with embellished hand beading , refined leather accessories and delicate feathering , it is a call to all independent women . Siren call : A seemingly simple strapless gown revealed a flash of flesh with a thigh-high slit . Shimmer and sheer : Full-length -LRB- left and centre -RRB- and midi -LRB- right -RRB- dresses were presented in a variety of fabrics , colours , and opacities . ` Women who stand strong against diversity , women who support each other in their endeavours to juggle the demands of our modern world . Our everyday Hollywood sirens . ' The in-demand designer is a favourite amongst celebrities , including Madonna , who has a number of designs by Johnson and wore a body armour piece from to her 56th birthday party last year . Johnson , who has two primary school-age boys , has had a store in New York for the past few years and splits her time between Sydney and Los Angeles . Inspiration : ` It 's a call to all independent strong women , everyone who is trying to juggle careers , motherhood and even just modern life , ' Johnson said of the Sirens ' Call collection . Family achievement : The designer , who is set to open a flagship store in Sydney , took her bow with her two sons by her side . Gatsby gorgeous : The hair and make-up and accessories were vintage in style and inspired by the 1920s . She is opening a new Sydney flagship store next month and is moving into a larger production space , which reflects her firm commitment to make her clothes in Australia . Johnson 's advice to women striving for success is to actually just cut themselves some slack . ` Do n't be so hard on yourself , ' she said . ` You are always going to feel like you ca n't do it all but you can - you just try your best . '