Do you have a question that is too personal to discuss with even your closest of friends ? Do you have a question that is too personal to discuss with even your closest of friends ? A new app has come up with the perfect solution - talk through your problems with total strangers instead . Newly launched app , Honest , allows users to pose questions , remain anonymous and get feedback from fellow anonymous users . So now you can ask those taboo questions without blushing . The personal dilemmas posted range from relationship questions such as ` I 'm getting married next week and I 'm having doubts , is that normal ? ' to questions about sexual dysfunction , career changes and secret crushes . One user asks : ` My long term girlfriend is bad in bed ... shall I tell her ? ' ` Just no . She 'll work it out ? ' reads one response , while another says , ` You should tell her for the long term good of the relationship . ' Another user advises : ` At the heart of any relationship is openness . Ask yourself : `` Do you want the relationship to carry on ? '' If so , think of a way to frame it so she does n't feel stupid . ' The app , launched last month by two London advertising executives , Ed and Rob Watts , harnesses the power of ` collective intelligence ' , a buzz phrase coined by Facebook founder Mark Zukerberg about the future of the Internet . Co-creator Ed said : ` Using anonymity has allowed us to remove all of the social norms that can unknowingly skew a person 's opinion , such as relationships , history , social background , age , race or gender . ` We wanted to create a place where you can go to get unbiased opinions and advice from a cross section of a global society . ` At the core of it , we see Honest as being a platform where people can be open and truthful , and help each other out . Honest was created with a single-minded purpose of help and advice . ' The personal dilemmas posted range from relationship questions such as ` I 'm getting married next week and I 'm having doubts , is that normal ? ' to questions about sexual dysfunction and secret crushes . One user asks : ` My long term girlfriend is bad in bed ... shall I tell her ? ' -LRB- left -RRB- . ` Just no . She 'll work it out ? ' reads one response , while another says , ` You should tell her for the long term good of the relationship ' -LRB- right -RRB- . One user seeking advice posted , ` Shall I tell my girlfriend I hired a prostitute ? ' and received a range of responses . One read : ` Hell no ' , while another user commented : ` No . If you want to leave your girlfriend , leave her , but do n't hurt her more by telling her . ' Other personal questions include ` Do I let my 13-year old daughter wear a thong ? ' ` Is masturbation a sin ? ' and ` I have romantic feeling for a very close friend . Should I tell her ? ' What 's your burning question ? Time to get the Honest answer . One user asks : ` My long term girlfriend is bad in bed ... shall I tell her ? ' -LRB- left -RRB- The responses vary from : ` Just no . She 'll work it out ? ' to , ` You should tell her for the long term good of the relationship ' -LRB- right -RRB- . Honest can be downloaded for free on iOS . For more information , visit www.honestapp.it .