A bar is under police investigation after a comedian discovered a secret two-way mirror hanging on a door across from the toilet in the women 's restroom . Tamale Rocks was performing at Chicago bar , Cigars and Stripes , when she stumbled on the creepy looking glass and filmed a video of the discovery on her smartphone - revealing that opening the door took her into a closet providing a clear view of the stall . But despite public outrage the bar 's owner Ronnie Lottz told website Jezebel he has no plans to get rid of it - even insisting that the mirror , which was initially set up as part of a Halloween prank in 2001 , has brought his staff ` joy ' . Scroll down for video . Comedian Tamale Rocks -LRB- left -RRB- discovered the two-way mirror in Chicago bar Cigars and Stripes when she was performing there . She opened a mirrored door to find a cleaning closet and shot the view of the toilet through the two-way mirror -LRB- right -RRB- . Creepy peepers : A two-way mirror in the women 's restroom of Cigars and Stripes in Berwyn , Illinois , allows anyone standing in a closet on the other side to secretly watch women use the toilet . A place to spy : The dark video shows how the door is cut away to reveal the see-through side of the mirror , left ; Tamale points to the unobstructed view of the toilet , right . Tamale found the intrusive mirror on Saturday night and , horrified , took a video demonstrating that anyone standing on the other side would have a clear view of any woman using the toilet . ` There was no one in there at the time of -LSB- my -RSB- discovery - thankfully , ' she said . ' -LSB- But -RSB- there could have been . ' When she approached Ronnie Lottz to demand an explanation , he seemed unconcerned and , shockingly , told her that he considered her video to be free promotion for his establishment . When contacted by Jezebel , Mr Lottz added that Cigars and Stripes has had the two-way mirror since 2001 , explaining that it was once used to scare women in the restroom by placing a light-up witch on the other side one Halloween . Bar owner Ronnie Lottz , pictured , said Cigars and Stripes 's women 's restroom has had the two-way mirror since 2001 . Arizona-born Tamale Rocks now lives and works in Chicago where she performs comedy and burlesque . He also insisted that the mirror was ` old news ' and reiterated that he wo n't remove it . He said : ` I will burn this f ****** place to the ground before I get rid of that mirror . Do you know how much joy that mirror has brought to us ? ' He also dismissed Tamale 's concern as being part of a recent ` big movement in reality TV to be outraged about feminism ' . ` If you do n't like the two-way mirror , go f *** yourself , ' he added . Mr Lottz said : ` We specialize in making people feel very uncomfortable . It 's why we 're successful today . ' Tamale talks into her smartphone camera , as she uncovers the two-way mirror . He added that anyone who did n't like it could ` stay home ' . He did not acknowledge that women may not know that the restroom had a two-way mirror , as there is no sign notifying them next to it . Police are investigating the incident . Daily Mail Online has contacted Mr Lotz for comment . People can test for two-way by pressing a finger up to the glass ; when using a traditional mirror , there will be gap between the finger and its reflection . If there is no gap , it is a two-way mirror .