Two men accused of setting up a stall on London 's Oxford Street and handing out ISIS propaganda leaflets to shoppers have pleaded not guilty to terror offences . Shah Jahah Khan , 62 , and Muslim convert Ibrahim Anderson , 38 , both from Luton , each deny one charge of inviting support for a banned organisation . Anderson appeared at Westminster Magistrates Court wearing dark grey Islamic dress with a grey cardigan , while elderly-looking Khan appeared with a long white beard and light blue Islamic dress . Ibrahim Anderson , left , and Shah Jahah Khan , who have both pleaded guilty to terror offences today at Westminister Magistrates Court . The court heard that the charge relates to an offence on August 9 last year , when the pair are alleged to have handed out leaflets about ISIS on the busy shopping street . Anderson also denied one charge of possessing information likely to be useful for the preparation of or carrying out an act of terrorism , when police searched his property in December last year . Prosecutor Adam Harbinson told the court : ` On the August 9 last year a group of around six men erected a stall near Oxford Street . ` There were leaflets being handed out by the people running that stall . It is alleged that Anderson and Khan were two people assisting in the running of that stall and they were both taking part in handing out the leaflets . The court heard that the charge relates to an offence on August 9 last year , when the pair are alleged to have handed out leaflets about ISIS on the busy shopping street , pictured . Khan , left , and Anderson are accused of setting up a stall on London 's Oxford Street and handing out leaflets inviting shoppers to join ISIS . ` Although the leaflet does n't mention ISIS in Iraq or Syria , an expert in Islamic studies has concluded the only circumstances the leaflets could possibly be making reference to are the declaration by ISIS and its leader of the establishment of an Islamic State last summer . ` The leaflet sets out that Muslims have a duty to further the causes of the caliphate . ` One of the men was challenged by members of the public as to why he was handing out leaflets calling for support of this organisation . The court heard how the leaflets handed out related to ISIS . Pictured are members loyal to ISIS waving the group 's flag in Raqqa , Syria . ` He responded by saying in general terms that non-believers , or Kafirs , should be killed . ' Anderson and Khan remained standing throughout the hearing , ` in accordance with their religious beliefs ' , defence counsel Tony Lodge said . Senior district judge Howard Riddle granted the two men conditional bail and they will appear at the Old Bailey on May 15 . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .