Ethel Rider , who has severe dementia , fell from her bed at the Half Acre Care Home in Radcliffe , when she was being turned to prevent bed sores . Two care home workers who left a mute dementia patient in agony after she fell on the floor , then lied about what had happened , have been jailed . Ethel Rider , 87 , suffered a broken pelvis and was left ` cowering ' in pain after falling from her bed . But even though the grandmother was in agony , her carers failed to seek medical help and simply lifted her back into bed . Because she is mute , Mrs Rider was unable to tell anyone what had happened . It was only 24 hours later that a nurse realised she was in agonising pain and called an ambulance . The injury occurred because one of her carers , Susan Logan , had tried to turn her by herself -- against the proper procedure at the private home . But when asked what had happened , Logan and her supervisor , Lauren Gillies , lied , saying Mrs Rider had fallen out of bed . Yesterday both were beginning six-month prison sentences after a judge branded them ` idle ' , saying they had cut corners to give themselves longer breaks . Afterwards the pensioner 's family slammed the carers ' ` disgusting ' betrayal and said they were pleased both had been jailed . The Daily Mail 's Dignity for the Elderly campaign has repeatedly highlighted examples of poor care in residential homes and on NHS wards . Mrs Rider , a retired factory worker , moved into the Half Acre Care Home in Radcliffe , near Manchester , where staff working in pairs were meant to turn her in bed every two hours . But on May 19 last year , Logan , 59 , was trying to turn Mrs Rider by herself when the pensioner fell out of bed . Bolton Crown Court heard how it may have been some time before the emergency alarm was called and Gillies , 25 , arrived to find the grandmother in pain and on the floor . ` She was left on the floor for 40 minutes , ' said Jonathan Turner , prosecuting . ` She was then hoisted back into the bed . No ambulance was called and the story was devised between the two of them . ' The court heard how Mrs Rider , who now has the mental capacity of a baby , is mute and would have been unable to convey the pain of being hoisted back into bed with a broken pelvis . Care workers Lauren Gillies , 25 -LRB- left -RRB- and Susan Logan , 59 , -LRB- right -RRB- have been jailed for six months each . Logan , of Radcliffe , and Gillies , of Ramsbottom , admitted wilful neglect . Judge Timothy Stead told them : ` What you did between the two of you was outrageous . Your decisions have been described as stupid , but I would use a stronger word . They were criminally wrong . ' Mrs Rider 's daughter Julie Murphy , 52 , from Radcliffe , said : ` I am satisfied they have been jailed . What they did is disgusting . ' Four Seasons Health Care , which runs the home , said : ` We are very sorry for the distress caused to Mrs Rider and her family as a result of the actions of the carers . ' A spokesman for the care home said they were ` very sorry for the distress caused to Mrs Rider and her family '