Leighton Baines is well known for his love of music but it appears his appreciation does not extend to all genres - specifically the latest pop songs dominating the charts . The Everton defender , who is friends with rocker Miles Kane and Arctic Monkeys ' front-man Alex Turner , regularly attends gigs and also plays the guitar . But in an interview with Match of the Day magazine , the England international has given his thoughts on six mainstream tracks which do n't feature on his own iPod . Everton defender Leighton Baines -LRB- right -RRB- , pictured in action against Newcastle , is a big music lover . The England international is friends with rocker Miles Kane and Arctic Monkeys front-man Alex Turner . As well as admitting that he does n't know any of One Direction 's hit songs , Baines also reveals that Mark Ronson and Bruno Mars ' Uptown Funk is regularly played in the Toffees ' dressing room . Scroll down to read Baines ' full verdict on the music world , including his views on Ed Sheeran , Meghan Trainor and Avicii . Meghan Trainor -- All About The Bass . ` This is the kind of track we play in the dressing room , but it 's not my cup of tea really ! The lads keep me away from the stereo because they do n't enjoy any of the stuff I put on . ' Mark Ronson -LRB- featuring Bruno Mars -RRB- -- Uptown Funk . ` The lads are all playing this one ! It 's quite a cool tune for a pop song . It 's good , Mark Ronson 's always trying to do interesting stuff . ' Baines reveals that he is not a fan of Meghan Trainor 's -LRB- left -RRB- song ` All About The Bass ' in Match of the Day mag . Uptown Funk by Mark Ronson - featuring Bruno Mars -LRB- pictured -RRB- - is played in Everton 's dressing room . The interview with Leighton Baines features in the latest edition of Match of the Day magazine , on sale between April 21 and 27 . Avicii -- The Nights . ` This sounds like something my 11-year-old lad might listen to ! He 's getting to the point where he knows his own mind so I 'm not going to force my favourite music on him . ' Ed Sheeran -- Thinking Out Loud . ` Ed Sheeran 's massive , he 's not someone I 've got into yet , but he 's obviously doing well enough for himself . I think a lot of kids like him . ' George Ezra -- Budapest . ` This is a good song . I have n't heard much of George Ezra 's stuff , this is all stuff my kids play around the house so I recognise it . ' One Direction -- Night Changes . ` I have to admit , I do n't really know any of their songs ! But it all makes sense , this is the sort of thing the kids are into , I just do n't listen to any of it . ' Ed Sheeran is ` massive ' according to Baines , but the Everton man is yet to start listening to his music . Baines admits that he does n't know any of One Direction 's songs despite their global success .