All of a sudden , it seems that everywhere we turn there are suncream ads and the shops are filled with offers on summer essentials . So should we be making the most of the bargains to restock the bathroom cabinet -- or can we ignore the marketing ploys and dig out supplies that have been lurking at the back for years ? Alice Smellie asked industry experts to find out if it 's really vital to buy new supplies for summer ... Scroll down for video . Out-of-date sun lotions may separate and not spread evenly , say experts , meaning you may not be completely covered with vital UV filters , even if the active ingredients in the sun cream remain stable . SUNSCREEN . There can be few of us who have n't dug out half-full bottles of SPF30 from the previous year or , indeed , many years past , and wondered whether it 's still OK to slather on . But a recent survey revealed that almost three-quarters of UK holidaymakers are at risk of UV exposure because they use out-of-date sun cream . Many experts recommend that we wear sunscreen every day all year round for anti-ageing purposes . Certainly now the weather is heating up , damaging UVA and UVB rays will be stronger . So , can we use old suncreams ? ` Sun cream contains UV filters which fall into two main categories : synthetic or organic filters , which absorb UV light ; and mineral or inorganic filters , such as titanium dioxide , which mainly reflect UV light . Frequently , both types are used in combination , ' says Dr Chris Flower of the CTPA -LRB- Cosmetic , Toiletry & Perfumery Association -RRB- . The issue is that out-of-date lotions may separate and not spread evenly , meaning you may not be completely covered with those vital UV filters , even if the active ingredients remain stable . When it comes to sun cream , experts advise playing it safe and restocking your supllies to ensure skin is properly protected from damaging damaging UVA and UVB rays . Out-of-date lotions are also more likely to cause skin irritations . Ingredient specialist and product developer Tammy Hollis says : ` Look at how we treat our suncreams -- carrying them from sandy beach to sunny bar and air-conditioned hotels . This gives plenty of opportunity for bacteria to breed . ' So experts recommend you do n't use a sun cream beyond the recommended period after opening . This is represented on the packaging with a picture of an open jar and a number of months -LRB- usually 12 -RRB- in most popular brands of sunscreen . Meanwhile , Dr Flower advocates : ` Chances are it will probably be OK if it 's just over a year old , although older bottles should definitely be binned . ' VERDICT : Play it safe . Restock . AFTER-SUN . In an ideal world none of us would get sunburn , but occasionally we underestimate the heat of the sun . While it ca n't reverse the damaging effects of the sun , after-sun contains soothing ingredients such as water , aloe vera and silicones , which evaporate quickly from the skin and cool it down . Dr Flower says : ` The main effect is to cool and reduce the effect of over-heating and to help avoid skin peeling . ' While after-suns may seem innocuous products , people forget they are applied to vulnerable , damaged skin . For this reason it 's vital that you adhere to the recommendations regarding when you should discard lotions . While after-suns may seem innocuous products , people forget they are applied to vulnerable , damaged skin . For this reason , it 's vital that you adhere to the recommendations regarding when you should discard lotions . ` Damaged skin may be more prone to developing irritations , allergies or infections anyway , ' says Dr Flower . ` So the older the after-sun , the more likely it is to contain bacteria . If a pathogenic organism -- a disease causing bacteria -- was applied to damaged skin , then it 's possible you might develop an infection of the skin . ' VERDICT : Restock . MOSQUITO REPELLENT . No one wants to be the person on holiday who is stung from top to toe , and in tropical countries where malaria is a risk then an effective repellent is vital . But can you keep using the same spray year after year ? ` Insect repellents work in two different ways , ' says Howard Carter , CEO of Incognito mosquito spray and a mosquito bite prevention expert . ` Many brands use Deet as their active ingredient . This is a neurotoxin which interferes with the mosquito 's nervous system . They become confused and are prevented from biting . ' When it comes to bottles of insect repellent , experts say you 're probably ok to use the same bottle for a couple of years , but keep a close eye on the use-by date , especially if travelling to far-flung countries . Howard says that if any bottle of Deet is open it must be replaced after two years because the active ingredient may stop working as effectively . He adds : ` Be aware that it can corrode through plastic bottles and cause damage to surrounding items . ' He says that those containing natural ingredients such as citronella or bergamot , may only last a year -- this is because oil may lose certain components of its scent and potency , though others , including Incognito , can last for up to two years . VERDICT : You 're probably ok for a couple of years , but keep a close eye on the use-by date , especially if travelling to far-flung countries . FAKE TAN . The sun is shining but your legs are as white as the winter snow . Who has n't shaken up that bottle of fake tan mousse that 's been lurking at the back of a cupboard for an indeterminate number of years and looked despairingly at the green tinged product that emerges ? ` The DHA which creates the brown colour is a derivative of fermented sugar beet , ' says ingredient expert Tammy Hollis . ` When it goes on the skin it 's not stimulating melanin production -LRB- which is what happens when you 're in the sun -RRB- , but reacts with proteins on the top layer of skin known as the epidermis to turn brown . Fake tan usually lasts 12 months once opened . The active ingredient DHA is usually in water-based solutions without many preservatives , say experts . Once it is past its use-by date it oxidises and goes green . ` This active ingredient is usually in water-based solutions without many preservatives . Once it is past its use-by date it oxidises and goes green . The smell may become slightly metallic or stronger . ' Fake tan usually lasts 12 months once open . VERDICT : If it looks ok , you can probably go ahead . BITE CREAM . This is a medicine cupboard staple which is probably used little more than twice a year , so it can take a long time to finish a tube . ` Anti-histamine , hydrocortisone bite creams and crotamiton itch creams are the three common forms of treatment for stings and bites , ' says pharmacist Sultan Dajani , spokesperson for the Royal Pharmaceutical Society . ` Once open , these creams will go off more quickly if they are n't stored properly -- they must be in a cool , dark place otherwise bacteria may be introduced or they simply wo n't work as well . If you store it properly it will last up to the expiry date , which may be as much as two years . ' VERDICT : Restock as soon as it is out of date , or if it is runnier than normal or smells funny . HAIR COLOUR PROTECTION SPRAY . UV exposure is extremely damaging for coloured hair . Scientists have found large amounts of cysteic acid -LRB- usually found in badly permed hair -RRB- in the ends of lank locks which had had a great deal of sun exposure . This causes hair to lose strength and snap . Protection in strong sunlight is highly recommended . Most hair protecting sprays recommend you discard after 12 months . Consultant trichologist Iain Sallis . ` If you store it in a cool dry cupboard with no light they may last longer than 12 months but once the heat and light of sunshine get in , as is likely on holiday , the ingredients will start to degrade more quickly . ' The result is that hair will no longer be protected . VERDICT : If stored away from the light , you do n't need to restock .