At first glance , it appears to be any ordinary play-date for two young girls at primary school . In a pink-walled bedroom , decorated with posters of Justin Bieber , best friends Zoe and Eleanor settle themselves on to the bed and press play on the webcam of their computer . But they 're not about to video-chat with friends or a relative abroad . What they 're doing is far more pernicious -- and will be horrifying to parents everywhere . Scroll down for video . In a world where girls grow up fast , should these online hot or not videos really surprise us ? Half of three to six-year-olds say they worry about being fat , with a fifth of girls under 11 confessing to have even tried diets -LRB- picture posed by model -RRB- . ` This is mine and Eleanor 's hot-or-not video , ' announces Zoe , waving a list of her classmates ' names at the camera . Then she settles down -- seemingly without any comprehension of the genie she is unleashing from its bottle -- to publicly deem each one of them as either ` hot ' or ` not ' . It 's hard to think of a more spiteful game . ` If we say you are not pretty or good looking , do n't get offended , ' pipes up Eleanor , issuing the standard disclaimer for videos of this kind . ` It 's just our opinion ! ' The roll-call then begins . ` Anna Wright ' is the first of the 30 names on the list to be read out as if from a class register . ` Hot ! ' the girls immediately exclaim in unison . Next is Charlotte Davies . ` Hot ! ' is the decree . The name of a third classmate , however , is met with a pause just long enough for the girls to exchange knowing smirks . ` Not hot . Sorry ! ' they chime in high voices which belie the cruelty of what they 're saying . Remember , these girls , and the objects of their derision , are no more than ten or 11 . And they 're far from alone . I 've discovered that these kinds of scenes are being played out in children 's bedrooms across the country . Seven more classmates , both boys and girls , get the thumbs-down . As soon as the last judgment is handed down , the girls sign off with a satisfied : ` Thanks for watching ! ' They then upload the video to YouTube for everyone to see . In just a few days , the clip gets 120 views , suggesting no one in their class -- or perhaps their school -- has missed it . But what people will miss is the sight of the stricken faces of the children so cruelly dismissed , the tears shed into pillows , and the bravery needed to go to school the next day . Of course , cruelty among children has existed since the words ` No , you ca n't play with us ' were first uttered . But this is a new , more public humiliation . Scroll through YouTube and you 'll find ` hot-or-not ' videos by girls who look no older than nine . Thousands more can be found on Facebook pages . These all seem to be filmed in bedrooms and verdicts delivered with a brutal certainty even Katie Hopkins would baulk at . There are variations -- one angelic-looking little girl called Brianna used ` Perfect ' or ` Not Perfect ' . She 's had 2,000 views so far . As a parenting expert who 's written five books on raising children , I know the effect this could have on those deemed ` not hot ' . And coming at such a critical time in their lives , when youngsters are looking to their peers to help them work out who they are , those effects can be life-long . The fact ` hot-or-not ' videos are so public increases a young person 's feelings of shame and powerlessness about how they look . My worry is that youngsters internalise these labels and start bullying themselves , telling themselves they are ugly and they can do nothing about it . Feeling unattractive and worthless can have a devastating impact on their chances of success : study after study has found that the grades of such children go down . The fact ` hot-or-not ' videos are so public increases a young person 's feelings of shame and powerlessness about how they look . Feeling unattractive and worthless can have a devastating impact on their chances of success : study after study has found that the grades of such children go down -LRB- picture posed by models -RRB- . And if they feel they do not belong , they often start to avoid school . Meanwhile , those who feel ugly or not good enough rarely join in class discussions , for fear of drawing attention to their appearance . Indeed , more than six out of ten children who have been bullied said it had a detrimental effect on their education , according to a survey by charity Ditch The Label . Even worse , almost one in three bullied children goes on to self-harm , with 10 per cent attempting to kill themselves . Who knows what nightmares this new type of bullying will cause ? Living up to these ideals of beauty is one of many pressures bearing down on 15-year-old Alannya Blackmore as she prepares to take her GSCEs this summer . Alannya , who lives near Yeovil , Somerset , has been on the receiving end of some of the judgments passed down in the 50 or so videos made by fellow pupils at her school , an oversubscribed academy rated ` good with outstanding features ' by Ofsted . Although she has been mainly rated ` hot ' , she has also been dismissed as ` not ' in some clips . When she describes her experiences , it offers a glimpse into a brutal world in which youngsters ' popularity is dictated by looks and the ` in ' girls seek to maintain their classroom pecking order by passing down decrees on others . As girls grow up , the prettiest rise to the top of the popularity poll , and it is this group , says Alannya , who are more likely to feel entitled to declare from up high who also makes the grade . She says : ` If you are judged to be `` not '' , you do n't say anything as you do n't want the others to think you are upset . But it 's humiliating because it 's so public . Some people will try to change the way they look because of it . There are loads of these videos . There are so many of them on people 's Facebook pages as well as YouTube -- and there 's nothing adults can do . ' ` Hot or not ' started off as an American phenomenon , where young women would put a picture of themselves online and be rated by other users . In the UK , it morphed into the version we have today . Some youngsters justify these videos by saying classmates can put themselves forward to be rated by ` liking ' a status announcement saying someone at their school is planning to film one . Sadly , it 's often the most insecure youngsters , aching to be accepted by the pretty girls who make these videos , who volunteer . They 're seeking validation they wo n't get . So why is such ruthlessness starting ever younger ? One reason is puberty is kicking in earlier , with as many as one in seven girls showing signs of breast development -LRB- with the associated surges in hormones -RRB- aged just eight . Girls can also be allowed by their parents to grow up too soon , so they act like teenagers without the maturity to understand the consequences of their actions . In a world where girls grow up feeling like they are in a constant beauty contest -- half of three to six-year-olds say they worry about being fat , and a fifth of those under 11 have already been on a diet -- these ` hot-or-not ' videos should hardly surprise us . And middle-class girls are most likely to post these videos , as their families more often own iPads and computers . Middle-class values also make them more likely to want to look a certain way and avoid conflict , says Rachel Simmons , author of best-selling book Odd Girl Out . That also means any anger and aggression comes out in indirect ways -- such as those brutal video judgments . What is so shocking is their total disregard for others ' feelings . But in an age where children spend longer in front of a screen than with friends , one result is that they 're not learning social skills or empathy . Indeed , they may be genuinely unaware of the impact . Throw into the mix that they see adults being just as judgmental on some of our most popular TV shows -- The X Factor , Britain 's Got Talent , The Apprentice -- and it 's easy to see where they get the idea that being nasty wins friends . ` You are showing children that it 's entertaining to you -- that normalises it , ' says Rosalind Wiseman , author of self-help book Queen Bees And Wannabes . But there may be a glimmer of hope . In a clip in another bedroom , Sophie , yet another girl in her early teens , signs off her YouTube video -- which was viewed 13,000 times -- saying : ` If it offends anyone , I am not sorry . I do n't care because I am just telling the truth . ' The comments posted by viewers make clear that some of her peers see life very differently . ` Everyone is beautiful in their own way . What is the point of doing these videos ? ' asks one . ` I can only hope that one day , you 'll understand what a terrible thing this is to do , ' adds another . Let 's hope parents can help that message spread before too many young lives are damaged . Some names have been changed . Tanith Carey is author of Girls Uninterrupted : Steps For Building Stronger Girls In A Challenging World , published by Icon Books , £ 7.99 .