Summer beach season is right around the corner , and with it comes inevitably sunburned skin , several broken flip flops and maybe even a water-logged mobile phone or two . But do n't let these glitches ruin your fun in the sun , surf and sand . Below , MailOnline Travel looks at the top hacks , which are sure to cure any seaside holiday struggle . When travelling this summer , there are some basic travel hacks that can help make your holiday go off without a hitch . To add a sun-kissed glow to your locks , simply squeeze lemon juice onto your strands before sitting in the sun . Naturally highlight your hair . To get that sun-kissed glow without ever entering a salon , simply squeeze citrus juice onto your hair before heading outside - it will react . Lemon is often preferred , as its known to be a great natural bleach , but orange will also work in a pinch . However , the acidity found in citrus can be quite drying to your strands , so be sure to mix in water before spritzing it on . It will lighten gradually , so do n't apply too much in one go . Use it sparingly over the course of the summer months for all-natural highlights by August . Yes , it 's possible to turn your trusty beach reader into a solar-charging device - simply add solar cells . Solar power your eReader . Simply consult this handy guide to turn your trusty beach companion into a solar-charging device . Essentially , by adding solar cells to your e Reader , you will make it so that you never need to plug it in to charge again . Imagine a holiday without worrying about bringing the correct adapter ? The dream has now become a reality . Soothe sunburned skin with ice cubes made of aloe vera or by soaking a cloth in black or green tea . Soothe sunburns with aloe vera ice cubes . After spending a few too many hours soaking up the rays , you may find yourself looking for the ultimate skin-soothing relief . While aloe vera is the go-to solution for many , by freezing the aloe in ice cube trays , you will be able to add an extra layer of cool to your epidermis - in just an hour or less . Iced black and green tea can also be used for sunburn relief . Steep a few bags in water , soak your shirt or a face cloth in the liquid and apply to your reddened skin . Pop your water-clogged ears by inflating a balloon after getting out of the pool . Keep a balloon to hand . This may seem like an odd trick , but it 's crucial for ensuring that all water is out of your ears after a long day at the pool . After your dip , simply blow up a deflated balloon . If the first time does n't pop your clogged ears , simply inflate it again and try plugging your nose as you blow . At the beach , keep your valuables in an empty - and thoroughly cleaned - sun cream bottle . Store your valuables in an empty lotion bottle . Whether you 're travelling solo and looking to take extra precautions or spending a day at the beach with friends , it 's important to keep your valuables out of sight . And an empty sun cream bottle is the ultimate decoy . Simply rinse out a discarded bottle thoroughly to store money , keys and anything else you might need for a relaxing day out . Swap your towel for a weighted , waterproof blanket and say goodbye to sticky sand all over your belongings . Ditch your towel . A waterproof blanket is much more effective than a towel , particularly if you 're setting up camp in the sand . When towels get damp , it 's nearly impossible to keep sand from sticking to them - and you - and if there 's any wind whatsoever , they 're nearly bound to blow away . Instead , a weighted waterproof option will stay put and dry during all your dips in the sea . The best way to ensure you do n't wind up with a water-logged mobile phone is by using resealable plastic bags . Stock up on resealable bags . No need to splash out on expensive waterproof containers for your iPhone , keys and wallet - a run-of-the-mill sandwich bag will do just fine . Choose any sort of zippered or press-seal plastic bag , drop in your favourite items and put them away in your beach bag . Even if the sand kicks up or there is an unfortunate incident of a rising tide , your phone will stay dry and 100 per cent operational . Bonus : you can still use your touch screen through the plastic coating . 1 . Use buttons to transport earrings so you do n't lose any en route . 2 . To avoid creases , pack your clothes in plastic wrappings . 3 . To avoid your shoe soles touching your clothes , place them in shower caps . 4 . Stuff your shoes with socks , underwear or other small items to make the most of the space and to help them keep their shape . 5 . To avoid shampoos leaking in your bag , unscrew the lid and place a small circle of cling film , or plastic wrap over the hole . Screw the lid back on to hold it in place , and eliminate all worries about bursting liquids . 6 . Wrap breakables , such as perfume bottles , or a teacup if you are Miranda Kerr , in socks to protect them . 7 . Keep freebie shampoos and cosmetics from hotels so you do n't have to lug big bottles . 8 . Alternatively store face cream and small lotions in contact lens containers to save space . 9 . Wrap your belts round the outside of the suitcase , around your clothes to make use of the outside corner space . 10 . Place a dryer sheet in your case to prevent odours transferring to your clothes . 11 . Apply a bull clip to razors that have lost their safety lid to prevent tearing of clothes . Trying to brush sand off your sweat and water-soaked body is n't going to work without the help of baby powder . Never again will piles of sand wind up in your vehicle - simply shake on talcum powder and shake off the sand . Bring some baby powder . Believe it or not , this astringent powder is a beach bag essential . After a long day of re-applying sun cream and diving into the pool or ocean , you 're bound to have fixed a great deal of sand to your limbs - and attempting to brush it off with your towel will only get you so far . For a much more effective sand solution , shake out a bit of the talcum powder onto your hand and use it to brush the sand off the rest of your body . Bread clips make a great fastener for those instances where your flip flop strap breaks off from the sole . Fix your flip flops . We 've all been there : that unfortunate moment where your flip flop strap breaks off from the sole of your shoe . Thankfully , there 's an easy fix to keep your feet happy for the rest of the day . Turns out that the clips used to seal and keep loaves of bread fresh actually have multiple uses and if you clip them just above the wide end of the thong , it will hold your sandal together . If you feel worried about leaving your hotel room and valuables , deter thieves by placing a Do Not Disturb sign on your door with the TV playing so it seems as if you are in there . As you leave the room , if you feel the need , vocally announce your departure , as if there were someone remaining behind and the room will not be left unattended . If the hotel does not have a safe , try some of these inventive tricks : . Leave a small amount of money in plain view so they take that and look no further . Tape an envelope with some money to the underside of empty bins means it will remain undisturbed by cleaning staff . This can also work under drawers , under desks or in the cover of ironing boards . If you are really keen to put the effort in to protect your belongings , you can also hide items inside phones or TVs where the backs can be unscrewed , or dropped in a toilet tank in a waterproof covering . To cool beverages almost instantly , wrap a wet piece of kitchen roll around the bottle and place in the fridge . Cool your beverages quickly . Planning a major outdoor bash ? This life hack will serve you well from the beach to the barbecue and everywhere in between . Soak a piece of kitchen roll in water and wrap it around your drink bottle . Then , place it in the freezer for about 10 to 15 minutes . Voila : a refreshing , ice-cold beverage instantly .