During a recent episode of Divorce Court , a disgruntled man said the members of Wu-Tang Clan did something with his girlfriend - and it was n't unleashing their famed Killa Beez . Nathan Sellers went on the show with his ex , Lia Palmquist , and accused her of sleeping with every member of the Wu-Tang Clan during one night as she partied with them at a hotel after a show . That would mean Palmquist had sex with the RZA , the GZA , Ghostface Killah , Masta Killa , U-God , Inspectah Deck , Raekwon , Cappadonna and Method Man . The tenth member of the Wu , Ol' Dirty Bastard , is dead so he was n't involved no matter what . Nathan Sellers -LRB- right -RRB- went on Divorce Court with Lia Palmquist -LRB- left -RRB- and said she slept with the Wu-Tang Clan . American rap group Wu-Tang Clan -LRB- L - R -RRB- Ghostface Killah , Masta Killa , Raekwon , RZA , Ol' Dirty Bastard , GZA , U-God and Method Man pose for a April 1997 portrait in New York City , New York . ODB is no longer alive . Palmquist admitted to partying with the guys from the Wu , but denied that she did anything sexual with them . Palmquist told show host Judge Lynn Toler : ` This sounds ridiculous , but he accused me of sleeping with the entire Wu-Tang Clan . ' Sellers quickly fired back : ` She did . ' The accused woman went on to tell Judge Toler that she did hang with the Clan on their tour bus and stay at their hotel until 7 am talking politics , but maintained she stayed faithful to Sellers . She said : ` Nothing inappropriate happened and let me just put on the record that Wu-Tang is nothing but gentleman . ` They treated me highly respectful . ` I would never cheat on him . ` I would never be a bust-down or a groupie in that type of situation . ' Unfortunately her ex-boyfriend was n't buying it and Sellers said : ` She gave Wu some tang . ' It 's unclear who Judge Lynn believed , but she did say Palmquist engaged in ` bust-down behavior ' . Sellers was n't buying anything that his ex-girlfriend had to say and told the judge : ` She gave Wu some tang ' It 's unclear who Judge Lynn believed in the matter , but she did say Palmquist engaged in ` bust-down behavior ' In March , the Wu-Tang Clan opened the silver box that held their unheard record Once Upon A Time In Shaolin . Sellers and Palmquist went on Divorce Court after being together for five years , according to the show 's description of the episode . It read : ` The two met at a Halloween party where Lia was dressed as Lil Kim and Nathan was dressed as Hello Kitty . ` Lia says things were good for the first few years they dated until Nathan moved six hours away to attend school . ` Lia says Nathan then moved to San Francisco for a few months chasing his dreams of being a fashion designer , before moving back in with her again . ` Lia says her sex life with Nathan is non-existent right now . ` She says she wants a traditional family with kids , and she does n't think Nathan does . ' Earlier this year , the Wu-Tang Clan opened the silver box that held their unheard record Once Upon A Time In Shaolin and sold the 31-track double LP to one bidder for millions of dollars . Under the terms of the sale , the buyer can not share the album for at least 88 years . DailyMail.com was there with RZA , producer Cilvaringz , a small group of prospective buyers and half a dozen selected fans in Queens , New York City , for a playing of the album . It was the first and last time any of the album was played before the year 2103 .