Police have returned to the home of Bill Spedding for the third time this year - a person of interest in the case of missing toddler William Tyrrell . It has emerged that detectives spent just over an hour at the repairman 's house in Bonny Hills on the NSW north coast on Monday afternoon , the Daily Telegraph reports . The 63-year-old 's home had been searched earlier in the year , in January and March , after it was unveiled that he was due to fix William 's grandmother 's washing machine around the time the boy vanished . The recent visit by investigators comes as police revealed that they believe William may be alive , despite fears that he was abducted by a paedophile ring operating on the mid-north coast of NSW . The three-year-old was last seen dressed in a Spider-Man suit and playing in his grandmother 's yard in broad daylight in a quiet street in Kendall last September . Scroll down for video . William Tyrrell was last seen dressed in a Spider-Man suit and playing in his grandmother 's yard in broad daylight in a quiet street in Kendall last September . Police have returned to the home of Bill Spedding for the third time this year - a person of interest in the case of the missing toddler . Detective Inspector Gary Jubelin along with his colleague were seen leaving Mr Spedding 's home through his garage yesterday afternoon . The Daily Telegraph reports the detectives arrived at the premise at about 4 pm and spoke with the repairman . Although Mr Spedding was previously identified as a person of interest in the case , he says he did n't go to house where the toddler was last seen on September 12 as he could n't get in contact with William 's grandmother . Police searched the 63-year-old 's home in March and businesses in nearby Laurieton in January , seizing various items , including cars , a mattress and computer , for forensic examination . Mr Spedding has strongly denied any involvement and police have previously stressed he is n't their only line of inquiry . Investigators believe the boy was snatched during a very short window of time when he was out of sight of his family as he played outside . It has emerged that detectives spent just over an hour at the repairman 's house in Bonny Hills on the NSW north coast on Monday afternoon . The 63-year-old 's home had been searched earlier in the year , in January and March , after it was unveiled that he was due to fix William 's grandmother 's washing machine around the time the boy vanished . Just a day after William 's parents made an impassioned plea for the three-year-old to be returned to them , police have described the ` fast-paced ' investigation into the new line of inquiry . ` The two worlds collided . We have information that could link William 's disappearance to a group of people suspected of paedophile activity , ' said lead investigator Detective Inspector Gary Jubelin . The focus of the investigation has shifted dramatically , and is now ` progressing rapidly ' , according to Homicide Squad commander Detective Superintendent Mick Willing , reported news.com . au . ` We are pursuing many , many lines of inquiry but what I can say is that there is a team of detectives working very hard . This is a very fast-paced moving inquiry , ' Detective Superintendent Willing said . The Detective Sup took a firm stance on the consequences for anyone found to be involved with the toddler 's disappearance . ` If you know anything you are implicated . If you are involved you will be charged , ' he said . Det Sup Willing also spoke of the heartache William 's parents had experienced since his abduction , and said that the family needed answers to where their beloved little boy was . This comes as the three-year-old 's mother spoke out about the horrifying moment she realised her son had vanished . One of the new photos released by police of William Tyrrell show the three-year-old smiling and playing guitar , while other images and photos show an energetic and happy youngster full of life . Little William 's mother frantically searched the house , opening cupboards and yelling out , ` You need to talk to mummy and tell me where you are ' in the moments after she found she could n't hear her son . ` When I realised that William was missing -- I think back to that moment where I just went , ` I ca n't hear him , why , why ca n't I hear him ' , ' she said . William was last seen in September last year at the front yard of his grandmother 's house in Kendall , on the NSW mid-north coast . ` I just walked out and just I see nothing , I hear nothing , I 'm speechless . I 'm walking around in a circle on the spot thinking where is he ? Why ca n't I see him ? And I 'm yelling out , ` William , where are you ' ? ' his mother told The Sydney Morning Herald . The toddlers parents released a heart-wrenching video earlier on Friday begging for his return . ` Just give him back ... take him to a church , take him to a police station , take him to school . Give him to someone , give him back , ' his mother says in a video released by police . William 's father choked back tears as he remembered his son , who was infatuated with the Spider-Man superhero . ' -LRB- He loved -RRB- anything that related to Spider-Man and superheroes , ' William 's father said in the video . ` He 's a cheeky , vibrant little boy ... full of energy . I mean he 's my little boy . ' Heartfelt plea : William Tyrrell 's distraught parents released a video pleading for their missing son 's return as well as home movies showing the lively boy riding his bike -LRB- pictured -RRB- and playing at the family home . But he said William was a cautious boy who would n't go with a stranger . His mother said she had a vision that somebody ` reached over ... has gone ` clump ' on his shoulders , picked him up and moved him on ... because ... that 's the only way ... to explain for him not to be there . ' She said the family was struggling with not knowing where William is or what happened to him . ` We need to know what happened to him ... ` cause we ca n't live forever ... like this . ' She said she hoped whoever had him was looking after him . ` I want him to be safe , I want him to be feeling loved and I want someone to be looking after him because to imagine that something else is going on ... we ca n't live like that . ' The distraught couple has also released new pictures and home videos of the boy in the hope that new clues will emerge as to his whereabouts . In the videos , William can be seen riding his bike down a path and flashing a cheeky grin , as well as playing a guitar and swivelling his hips in times to the music . ` Just give him back ' : The parents -LRB- pictured -RRB- issued the plea in an emotional video released by NSW Police to encourage people to come with forward with new leads as to the missing toddler 's whereabouts . Full of life : The new videos of William Tyrrell -LRB- pictured , above at a slightly younger age -RRB- show a smiling boy full of energy and his mother has begged kidnappers to show her son care and love if the little boy is still alive , seven months after police believe he was abducted from his grandmother 's NSW mid north coast home . The parents of missing three-year-old William Tyrrell have released new pictures of their son and a video pleading for his return by abductors who are believed to have snatched him in daylight last September . Legal restrictions have prevented William 's parents from speaking publicly throughout the ordeal , and their identities are not revealed in the video . The footage comes as detectives reveal that they believe the three-year-old may have been abducted by a paedophile ring . Detective Superintendent Mick Willing , NSW Homicide Squad Commander , said on Friday : ` One of our lines of inquiry relates to people we expect to be involved in a paedophile ring . ' He said detectives from the homicide squad and the sex crime squad are ` vigorously perusing that line of inquiry and this investigation is moving at a very fast pace . ' ` We are persuing every lead that we get , ' Detective Willing said . William was last seen dressed in a Spider-Man suit and playing in his grandmother 's yard in broad daylight in a quiet street in Kendall last September . Vigorous pursuit : NSW Homicide squad boss Detective Superintendent Mick Willing -LRB- pictured -RRB- revealed on Friday that police are investigating William Tyrrell 's disappearance at a very fast pace and that ` one of our lines of inquiry relates to people we expect to be involved in a paedophile ring ' A new home video of cheeky William Tyrrell -LRB- pictured , eating cake -RRB- has been provided by the family in their desperate wait for the return of the three-year-old , seven months after his probable kidnap . William Tyrrell 's parents released an impassioned plea in which his mother said she had a vision that somebody ` reached over ... and has gone ` clump ' on his shoulders ' Investigators believe he was snatched during a very short window of time when he was out of sight of his family as he played outside . The parents have urged anyone with information to contact Crime Stoppers immediately on 1800 333 000 . The release of the video comes more than a month since police scoured bushland in Bonny Hills , south of Port Macquarie , for evidence relating to William 's whereabouts . Police divers were brought in from Sydney to search a murky dam in a bush reserve and a nearby swamp , after more than 30 officers and the dog squad had spent spent two days searching through dense bushland - including along a track that can only be accessed by four-wheel drive . The three-day search was carried out near Mr Spedding 's home . Homicide Squad Commander , Detective Superintendent Mick Willing talks to the media in relation to the investigation of missing toddler , William Tyrrell . Police divers were brought in from Sydney to search the murky dam in a bush reserve , and a nearby swamp . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .