A fully grown New Yorker has filed a lawsuit claiming he got seriously injured playing a popular children 's game . Amol Gupta , from Manhattan , is suing ZogSports kickball league claiming that during a match two years ago he ran into a brick wall , breaking his nose and elbow , and also injuring his spine . Kickball is a popular American schoolyard game akin to baseball where players kick the ball to bat instead of using bats . Dropped the ball : Amol Gupta -LRB- not pictured -RRB- , from Manhattan , is suing ZogSports kickball league claiming that during a match two years ago he ran into a brick wall , breaking his nose and elbow . Filed of dreams : The match at the center of the lawsuit took place April 27 , 2013 , on Roosevelt Island . Child 's play : Kickball is a popular schoolyard game similar to baseball where players kick the ball to bat instead of using bats . According to court papers filed in Amol Gupta 's lawsuit , the young professional joined ZogSports ' kickball league in April 2013 . On April 27 , Gupta attended a match on Roosevelt Island , during which he slipped on a patch of grass and slammed his body against the retaining wall . In his lawsuit , cited by New York Post , Gupta accuses the organizers of the match of setting the foul and base lines too close to the brick wall . On its website , ZogSports is described as a co-ed social sports league for young professionals in New York , New Jersey , Washington DC , Atlanta , Philadelphia , Los Angeles and San Francisco . Besides kickback , the league offers a variety of throwback , schoolyard-themed games , including dodge ball , wiffle ball , ultimate Frisbee and bocce ball . ZogSpots also has a philanthropic component to its business model , donating money to the winning team 's favorite charity each season . According to its site , the league has contributed more than $ 2.6 million to teams ' charities to date . Amol Gupta 's lawsuit alleges that officials with ZogSports acted in a negligent , careless and reckless manner by ` failing to lay out , set up , operate , manage , maintain and inspect , design , and control ' the layout of the kickball field . Famous player : In October 2012 , actor Bill Murray -LRB- center -RRB- caused a stir when he stumbled upon a ZogSports kickball match on Roosevelt Island and joined in the fun . Documents filed in court detail Gupta 's injuries , which are said to have been ` severe , protracted and incapacitating . ' As a result of his fall , the kickball enthusiast allegedly required surgery on his broken elbow that involved the installation of a rod with screws and braces . Doctors also inserted plates and screws in his damaged wrist . Gupta 's lawyer said in a statement that ZogSports ` dropped the ball ' in providing a safe environment for its players on April 27 . The plaintiff is suing for unspecified damages . In October 2012 , eccentric actor and comedian Bill Murray made headlines when he stumbled upon a ZogSports kickball match on Roosevelt Island and joined in the fun . After playing about 10 minutes with a group of 20-somethings , Murray 's team lost but he happily posed for pictures with his new pals .