A former Fortune 500 executive from New Hampshire who caused a highway crash that killed a Vermont couple and their unborn baby said during his sentencing Wednesday that he was n't suicidal . Prosecutors previously said that Robert Dellinger , 54 , told investigators he was trying to kill himself in December 2013 when he drove his pickup truck across a median at more than 100mph and plowed into an oncoming SUV . The crash killed 24-year-old Amanda Murphy , who was eight months pregnant , and her fiance , 29-year-old Jason Timmons . Speaking out : Former Fortune 500 executive Robert Dellinger , 54 , said in court during his sentencing Wednesday that he was not suicidal on the day he crashed into a couple 's SUV , killing them instantly . Tragic : John Timmons , 29 , and Amanda Murphy , 24 , were killed instantly in the crash on December 7 , 2013 . Pregnant : This is an ultrasound of the couple 's unborn baby who they were going to call Reagan Elizabeth . During the first day of what is expected to be a two-day sentencing , the former executive at PPG Industries Inc told the court he has ` never been suicidal . , ' according to Valley News . Deborah Dellinger , the defendant 's wife , described her husband from the witness stand Wednesday as a ` man of ethics , integrity and friendship ' who has lived his life with ` grace and modesty , ' despite being plagued with serious health problems . Addressing the victims ' families sitting in the courtroom , Mrs Dellinger said : ` We are devastated by the deaths of your loved ones . We have been and continue to pray every day for your collective peace and comfort . ' Dellinger reportedly broke down in tears at the defense table as his wife was speaking to the relatives of Murphy and Timmons . Crushed : This is a picture of the scene of the crash after Dellinger careered over the central median in December 2013 . Dellinger pleaded guilty in February to negligent homicide in the deaths of the young couple and to one count of assault for the fetus ' death . He faces 12 to 24 years in prison when sentencing resumes Thursday . The defendant also faces a wrongful death lawsuit filed in February by the estate of Amanda Murphy . Robert Dellinger 's attorneys claimed that the former high-powered executive was suffering from Ambien withdrawal , the effects of a psychiatric drug overdose and Prozac , and the advanced symptoms of multiple sclerosis . Dellinger , who held high-level posts at PPG Industries Inc. , Sprint Corp. , Delphi Corp. and General Electric Co. , told investigators he was trying to kill himself on December 7 , 2013 , when he steered his pickup across a highway median in Lebanon , New Hampshire . His truck became airborne and sheared the top off of the victims ' SUV , causing injuries so severe that the medical examiner said the couple looked like they had been in a plane crash . The Vermont couple , who had met while working at a home for the elderly , were killed instantly . Dellinger , who suffered cuts on his head and face , was initially charged with two counts of reckless manslaughter , which were later upgraded to negligent homicide . Arraignment : Robert J. Dellinger , was is arraigned by video at Lebanon District Court in Lebanon , New Hampshire , on December 11 , 2013 , a few days after the crash . According to the prosecution , the former executive had argued with his wife over his medications on the morning of the crash , WMUR reported . ` He was driving around , depressed and loopy , ' senior assistant attorney general for New Hampshire Susan Morrell said . ` He saw the median and decided to turn into it . ' Dellinger 's lawyer , R. Peter Decato , however called the state 's comments ` over the top ' and said Dellinger had led a ` productive and exemplary life . ' He took a severance package worth more than $ 1million in cash plus stocks when he left in 2011 because of health reasons , according to documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission . Records show that a Dellinger family trust owns four property in the town of Sunapee worth $ 3million in total .