A Texas English high school teacher has been arrested after being accused of having an improper relationship with a male student older than 17 years old . Mary Todd Lowrance , 49 , a teacher at Moises E Molina High School , turned herself into Dallas Independent School District police on Thursday morning , according to Dallas ISD Police Chief Craig Miller . Miller said the teacher had been in a relationship with the student for a couple of months . Officers learned of the alleged relationship after Lowrance disclosed details to a coworker who then alerted a Dallas ISD officer . Mary Todd Lowrance -LRB- above -RRB- , 49 , a Texas English high school teacher was arrested after being accused of having an improper relationship with a male student over the age of 17 , according to authorities . If the student had been a juvenile , the case would have been handled by the Dallas Police Department , Miller told The Dallas Morning News . ` When you get 160,000 students and 10,000 teachers , you hear a lot of rumors , and you have to investigate all of them , ' said Miller . ` And in this case , there was something to it . The student has been offered counseling . We 're doing everything we can for him as well . ' Miller said that after Lowrance 's coworker alerted authorities , it prompted an investigation where interviews were conducted with Lowrance , the student and two witnesses . The Dallas ISD police then got an arrest warrant . Miller said Lowrance has been on leave for several weeks while investigators worked on the case , according to NBCDFW . After she turned herself into authorities , she was booked into the Dallas County jail around 11 am on Thursday on a $ 5,000 bond and was released at 4.40 pm , according to county records . Calls made to the Dallas Independent School District police on Friday were not immediately returned to Daily Mail Online . Lowrance , a teacher at Moises E Molina High School -LRB- file photo above -RRB- , turned herself in on Thursday morning and was released at 4.40 pm , according to county records .