A 13-year-old girl has been gunned down by ISIS snipers in the Syrian capital of Damascus as she tried to flee a militant-held area of the city , according to reports . The teenager , identified as Zeynab Daghastani , was shot and killed as she made her way through the southern streets of the Al-Yarmouk Camp towards the nearby neighbourhood of Yalda . Zeynab was shot dead on the evening of April 7 last week according to a worker at the Jafra Foundation , an aid organisation working in the area . Zeynab Daghastani , 13 , was reportedly gunned down by ISIS snipers in Al-Yarmouk Camp , on the outskirts of Damascus , as she fled the militants -LRB- pictured , Islamic State fighters as they captured the camp ten days ago -RRB- . According to relief workers in the area , Zeynab was killed on Tuesday as she tried to make her way from Yarmouk to a nearby neighbourhood controlled by the Syrian Army -LRB- pictured , ISIS fighters in Yarmouk -RRB- . The worker , named only as Nina , also revealed that activists and relief workers were also being targeted by ISIS , according to the IBTimes . Nina told the publication that she had got the information from Aknaf Bait al-Maqdis , a Palestinian rebel group who are trying to recapture Yarmouk from ISIS . Thousands of Palestinians have been trying to escape Yarmouk since the area fell under ISIS control on April 4 , leaving 200 people dead in seven days , including children who were slaughtered in front of their parents . Around 160,000 Palestinians used to live in Yarmouk , just a few miles from the palace of president Bashar Al-Assad , but many fled after his regime began bombing the neighbourhood in 2012 during the Arab Spring uprisings . The district was soon surrounded and food , water , and electricity supplies were all cut off , with around 18,000 residents still trapped inside . Around 18,000 Palestinians have been under siege in Yarmouk since 2012 , before ISIS fighters moved in earlier this month . Since then thousands more have fled , while many who remained have been killed . Those who have managed to escape Yarmouk since ISIS captured it have told of militants playing football in the streets with severed heads , and children killed in front of their families . The plight of those in Yarmouk was brought to international attention in February last year when the United Nations Relief and Works Agency finally managed to bring much-needed aid to the area . Hundreds of civilians were pictured packing the bombed-out streets , desperately trying to get their hands on and food available . It was estimated that , before the UN workers arrived , the average resident of Yarmouk was living on 400 calories a day , less than a quarter of the daily recommended amount . It was reported at the time that some had taken to eating stray cats and dogs in desperation , all while being shelled and bombed by Assad 's troops . Their situation became even more dire at the start of this month when ISIS stormed the camp . Around 2,500 people managed to flee before the assault took place , but many were left behind , trapped when ISIS posted snipers in the tallest buildings surrounding the southern neighbourhoods . The plight of those trapped in Yarmouk came to light in February last year when UN aid workers were allowed in after years of siege conditions , and hundreds flooded the streets in search of food . Since ISIS seized control of around 70 per cent of the Yarmouk Camp , tales of their barbarity have leaked out as other Palestinians managed to escape their clutches . Amjad Yaaqub , 16 , said he found Islamic State troops playing football with the severed head of a Palestinian rebel fighter they had executed . The teenager said he stumbled upon the scene after being beaten unconscious by fanatics hunting for his brother , a resistance fighter . When he woke up he walked outside his home and found the gruesome scene taking place . Other residents have also told of the fighters ' barbarity . Abdel Fatah , 55 , said : ` I saw severed heads . They killed children in front of their parents . We were terrorised . ` We had heard of their cruelty from the television , but when we saw it ourselves ... I can tell you , their reputation is well-deserved . '