When she appeared on the first Australian series of Big Brother in 2001 , she was known as the ` lipgloss queen ' . But 14 years later Jemma Gawned , 40 , is the ` polar opposite ' of the person she was in her teens and early twenties . The Byron Bay-based woman now runs a wildly successful raw food empire , and insists that ` spreading the vibration of love through food ' is the key to her success . Scroll down for video . Jemma Gawned , who appeared on the first season of the Australian Big Brother in 2001 , now runs a wildly successful raw food empire called Naked Treaties . Based in Byron Bay the Naked Treaties brand sells products out of its juice bar while supplying to hundreds of other stores . Jemma Gawned was one of the housemates on the first Australian Big Brother in 2001 -LRB- above -RRB- . ` It 's interesting because I 'm probably the polar opposite these days as what I was a teenager , ' Ms Gawned told Daily Mail Australia . The 40-year-old runs Naked Treaties , which started off as something she was simply creating in her own kitchen to share with those around her . ` Naked Treaties started because I wanted to share this food with my friends and family , ' Ms Gawned revealed . ` There was a shop next to my yoga studio and I 'd just talk to them about nutrition , what I was making , and they said `` oh , can you please bring some in '' , ' she continued , admitting she was initially skeptical about turning it into a business . Ms Gawned had spent the previous ten years trying to get Jemma Cosmetics off the ground , but hit serious financial trouble and had to fold . What started as something to share with friends and family , quickly turned into a successful business . All the ingredients in her products are raw , vegan , organic and ethically sourced . For ten years she tried to get Jemma Cosmetics off the ground , but hit financial trouble and had to fold . ' -LRB- But -RRB- then something just dawned on me one day and I thought this is just the way of spreading this vibration of love through food , ' Ms Gawned said of her decision to go ahead with Naked Treaties . Now she supplies hundreds of stores in Melbourne with her raw treats , as well as running a juice bar in the heart of Byron Bay . Describing Jemma Cosmetics as an ` apprenticeship ' in running a business , she said it ` taught me to trust my intuition , and trust the feminine way of doing business . ' ` We 're not a profit-drive business we 're purpose driven . We really care more about our customers and staff more than our bank accounts . ` We run it like a community , like a family , ' Ms Gawned revealed . The entrepreneur also opened up about her time on Australia 's first series of Big Brother , how she was portrayed , and the lack of support for contestants once they leave the show . The 40-year-old says the secret to her success is ` spreading the vibration of love through food ' ` We run it -LRB- Naked Treaties -RRB- like a community , like a family , ' Ms Gawned revealed . The former Big Brother contestant said she never watched any footage of her on the show until last year . Jemma Gawned in the publicity shot for Big Brother for the show in 2001 . Ms Gawned revealed she never watched any footage of her on the show until last year , and is glad about it . ` What they had edited was like watching a different person ' , she said . ` I probably would have questioned myself , we know who we are but it 's hard enough to see yourself through other people 's lives as it is . ` But it 's even more confusing to see it through the idea of a contrived story line , ' Ms Gawned added . She touched on the fact there was no follow up after the show , which according to her was designed to ` interrupt all your patterns ' . ` It 's such an interesting thing you know when I think back to it ... there was no ongoing support or counselling if anyone may have needed it , ' Ms Gawned said . ` Not to say it was n't an awesome experience , it was life changing . ' She also touched on the lack of counselling provided to housemates after the show had finished . The smoothies at her juice bar are known in the Byron Bay area as some of the best and she has a base of loyal customers . Ms Gawned said she is glad to see a recent shift towards people living more mindful lives . One of the contestants on the show , Gordon Sloan , who used to date pop star Natalie Bassingthwate , sadly passed away in 2007 from a heroin overdose . Ms Gawned attended his funeral , and described him as a ` lover of life ' . ` I think with Gordon really he was such a lover of life and he would push everything to the nth degree . ' ` From what I understand he took some party drugs and they were n't what he thought , ' Ms Gawned said . These days the Byron Bay woman spends her time at the Naked Treaties store , but also in Bali and Peru where she travels to host ceremonies and source ingredients . Ms Gawned had just spent the last few weeks on the Indonesian Island with her partner Chris , a musician , running what they call ` sacred sonics ' . ` Chris and I say that it 's a symbiosis of ceremony and sound , ' she said . The rituals involve working with a certain type of cacao bean similar to the one used by the Mayan people on Guatemala and also incorporates song and dance . Ms Gawned and her partner Chris travel the world running ceremonies they call ` sacred sonics ' The rituals involve working with a certain type of cacao bean similar to the one used by the Mayan people on Guatemala and also incorporates song and dance . The 40-year-old also travels to Peru to source ingredients for her Naked Treaties products . ` We honour that culture , we 're able to really access these parts of ourselves that can really shift us , ' Ms Gawned said . Also working in her Naked Treaties store is former The Apprentice UK contestant Duane Bryan , who appeared on the show in 2012 . ` He came here about 12 months ago and he actually came to a ceremony , he said I do n't know what just happened but I need to know more , ' Ms Gawned said . A week later Mr Bryan turned up the at the Naked Treaties store , she said , and asked if he cancelled his ticket back to the UK he had booked for the next day , would she give him a job scrubbing dishes . ` I had an intuitive feeling so I said okay ... He came and started washing dishes and had all these great ideas . ` The next thing he was working front of house and now he 's General Manager , ' Ms Gawned said . The former Big Brother contestant , who has been on her ` spiritual path ' since her early 20s , also said she believes there is a shift in consciousness and people are living more mindful lives . ` More and more of that celebrity culture seems to be shifting over more to a real experience , ' she said . ` It wo n't be long before everyone is awake . ' She describes those who work at the store as her family .