Chelsea may have had six players named in the Professional Footballers ' Association Premier League Team of the Year , but they still have some way to go to catch up with Manchester United . The Reds top the table with 75 representatives in the best XI since the Premier League began in 1992 , while champions-elect Chelsea are third with 29 . Yet having Eden Hazard , Diego Costa , John Terry , Gary Cahill , Nemanja Matic and Branislav Ivanovic feature in this year 's team has seen them close the gap to second-placed Arsenal , currently on 42 . Hazard was named the PFA Player of the Year on Sunday as he and five other Chelsea stars made the best XI . Hazard poses with his PFA Player of the Year award in London on Sunday afternoon as he was named winner . Hazard runs with the ball and escapes Aaron Ramsey during Chelsea 's 0-0 draw with Arsenal on Sunday . GK : David de Gea . DEF : Ryan Bertrand , John Terry , Gary Cahill , Branislav Ivanovic . MID : Eden Hazard , Philippe Coutinho , Nemanja Matic , Alexis Sanchez . FWD : Harry Kane , Diego Costa . Hazard was named the PFA Player of the Year on Sunday after becoming the poster-boy for Chelsea 's push for their first Premier League title since 2010 . The Belgium winger has remarkably featured in the Team of the Year every season since 2009 -- for both Lille in Ligue 1 and Chelsea in the Premier League . Being named in this year 's best XI became Hazard 's third in England , yet his hat-trick is nowhere near all-time leader Steven Gerrard . The Liverpool captain has eight to his name , but missed out on a ninth in his final Premier League season before leaving for Major League Soccer with LA Galaxy . Gerrard , Daniel Sturridge and Luis Suarez starred for Liverpool in last year 's best XI when the club fell just two points short of the title behind Manchester City . Manchester United 's Teddy Sheringham -LRB- left -RRB- pictured with Liverpool 's Steven Gerrard in 2001 . Gerrard missed out on a ninth in his final Premier League season before leaving for Major League Soccer . Liverpool 's Gerrard has been named in the PFA Team of the Year more than anyone with eight to his name . 8 -- Steven Gerrard . 6 -- Gary Neville , Ryan Giggs , Thierry Henry , Patrick Vieira , Alan Shearer . 5 -- Rio Ferdinand , Roy Keane . Speaking of the defending champions , City are nowhere near their rivals . They have had just 11 players named since 1992 -- the same as Leeds United -- with only Shaun Wright-Phillips coming before Sheik Mansour 's takeover in 2008 . As for their neighbours , David de Gea is the only representative from Old Trafford this year . The Spain goalkeeper joins Paul Scholes , Ruud van Nistelrooy and Denis Irwin with two , while Gary Neville and Ryan Giggs remain top with six . With the list stretching back to 1992 , we are n't short of blasts from the past . Andy Johnson was named in the PFA Team of the Year for Crystal Palace a decade ago , while Gary Pallister , Denis Irwin , Paul Ince and Eric Cantona all represented Manchester United the year after the Premier League was born . Chelsea 's Hazard pictured with then-Liverpool striker Luis Suarez last year as they both made the best XI . Suarez is among the representatives for Liverpool while Alan Shearer represented Newcastle and Blackburn . David Beckham was named in the PFA Team of the Year four times for the dominant Manchester United . Thierry Henry has been named in the PFA Team of the Year six times for Arsenal in the Premier League era . Even Portsmouth , currently 16th in League Two , feature twice with Glen Johnson and David James . There are also more than a few players who represent two clubs , including Robin van Persie , Ashley Cole , Sol Campbell , Alan Shearer , Graeme Le Saux , David Batty and Roy Keane . Current Premier League clubs who have never been represented in the PFA Team of the Year include West Ham , West Bromwich Albion , Swansea City , Stoke City , Leicester City , Hull City and Burnley . 1 . Manchester United -LRB- 75 in total -RRB- . 6 -- Gary Neville , Ryan Giggs . 5 -- Rio Ferdinand . 4 -- Nemanja Vidic , Cristiano Ronaldo , David Beckham , Roy Keane , Gary Pallister . 3 -- Edwin van der Sar , Patrice Evra , Wayne Rooney , Jaap Stam , Paul Ince . 2 -- David de Gea , Paul Scholes , Ruud van Nistelrooy , Denis Irwin . 1 -- Michael Carrick , Robin van Persie , Nani , Dimitar Berbatov , Antonio Valencia , Darren Fletcher , Tim Howard , Fabien Barthez , Wes Brown , Teddy Sheringham , Andy Cole , Dwight Yorke , Nicky Butt , Eric Cantona , Peter Schmeichel . 2 . Arsenal -LRB- 42 -RRB- . 6 -- Thierry Henry , Patrick Vieira . 3 -- Ashley Cole , Robert Pires , Tony Adams . 2 -- Bacary Sagna , Cesc Fabregas , Sol Campbell , Ian Wright . 1 -- Alexis Sanchez , Robin van Persie , Samir Nasri , Jack Wilshere , Thomas Vermaelen , Gael Clichy , Emmanuel Adebayor , Lauren , Sylvinho , Emmanuel Petit , Nicolas Anelka , Dennis Bergkamp , David Seaman . 3 . Chelsea -LRB- 29 -RRB- . 4 -- John Terry . 3 -- Eden Hazard , Frank Lampard . 2 -- Gary Cahill , Branislav Ivanovic , Didier Drogba , Petr Cech , William Gallas . 1 -- Nemanja Matic , Diego Costa , Juan Mata , Ashley Cole , Joe Cole , Arjen Robben , Graeme Le Saux , Ruud Gullit , Nicolas Anelka . 4 . Liverpool -LRB- 23 -RRB- . 8 -- Steven Gerrard . 2 -- Luis Suarez , Fernando Torres , Sami Hyypia . 1 -- Philippe Coutinho , Daniel Sturridge , Jamie Carragher , Michael Owen , Mark Wright , Stig Inge Bjornebye , Steve McManaman , David James , Rob Jones . = 5 . Blackburn Rovers -LRB- 13 -RRB- . 4 -- Alan Shearer . 2 -- Colin Hendry , Tim Flowers . 1 -- Brad Friedel , Graeme Le Saux , Tim Sherwood , Chris Sutton , David Batty . = 5 . Tottenham Hotspur -LRB- 13 -RRB- . 3 -- Gareth Bale . 2 -- Stephen Carr . 1 -- Harry Kane , Jan Vertonghen , Kyle Walker , Scott Parker , Dimitar Berbatov , Sol Campbell , David Ginola , Jurgen Klinsmann . 7 . Newcastle United -LRB- 12 -RRB- . 2 -- Shay Given , David Batty , Alan Shearer . 1 -- Fabricio Coloccini , Kieron Dyer , Rob Lee , David Ginola , Les Ferdinand , Peter Beardsley . = 8 . Manchester City -LRB- 11 -RRB- . 3 -- Vincent Kompany . 2 -- Yaya Toure , Joe Hart . 1 -- Pablo Zabaleta , David Silva , Carlos Tevez , Shaun Wright-Phillips . = 8 . Leeds United -LRB- 11 -RRB- . 3 -- Nigel Martyn . 2 -- Gary Kelly . 1 -- Rio Ferdinand , Ian Harte , Harry Kewell , Gary McAllister , Tony Dorigo , Gary Speed . 10 . Aston Villa -LRB- 7 -RRB- . 2 -- Ashley Young . 1 -- Richard Dunne , James Milner , Ugo Ehiogu , Alan Wright , Paul McGrath . 11 . Southampton -LRB- 5 -RRB- . 1 -- Luke Shaw , Ryan Bertrand , Adam Lallana , Wayne Bridge , Matt Le Tissier . 12 . Everton -LRB- 3 -RRB- . 2 -- Leighton Baines . 1 -- Seamus Coleman . = 13 . Nottingham Forest -LRB- 2 -RRB- . 1 -- Steve Stone , Roy Keane . = 13 . Portsmouth -LRB- 2 -RRB- . 1 -- Glen Johnson , David James . = 15 . Crystal Palace -LRB- 1 -RRB- . 1 -- Andrew Johnson . = 15 . Fulham -LRB- 1 -RRB- . 1 -- Steve Finnan . = 15 . Queens Park Rangers -LRB- 1 -RRB- . 1 -- David Bardsley . = 15 . Sunderland -LRB- 1 -RRB- . 1 -- Kevin Phillips . = 15 . Wigan Athletic -LRB- 1 -RRB- . 1 -- Pascal Chimbonda . Tottenham Hotspur 's Kyle Walker -LRB- left -RRB- and then-Arsenal striker Robin van Persie were named in 2011-12 . Gareth Bale poses after winning the Player of the Year and Young Player of the Year for Tottenham in 2013 .