The Andaz Liverpool Street hotel in London used to be bedlam , but not through cavalier management , rebellious staff or disruptive guests . The Victorian building that houses it is built on the site of England 's first hospital for the mentally ill - the Bethlehem Royal Hospital , which opened in 1247 and was often pronounced as ` bedlam ' . Fast forward a few centuries and in its place is a swanky , celebrity-baiting boutique hotel with 267 rooms - four of which have been decorated by trendy artists . And instead of mental health patients , it 's the likes of Beyonce , Lil Kim and Lady Gaga that stay here these days . Silence is golden : Step into the Andaz Liverpool Street lobby and you 're in a world of hushed swankery . Star guests : The likes of Lady Gaga -LRB- right -RRB- and Beyonce -LRB- left -RRB- are fans of the Andaz Liverpool Street . Historic : Andaz Liverpool Street is built on the site of England 's first hospital for the mentally ill . The striking thing about walking into the lobby is just how serene it is . Despite its proximity to one of the country 's busiest railway stations and the frenetic Bishopsgate road , the foyer is a place of almost temple-like peacefulness , as if hermetically sealed from the outside . ` Who turned off London ? ' I ask my girlfriend as we walk in . The check-in system is very Apple Store . The foyer does n't have a reception , it has amiable youngsters swanning around with iPads , which you use to register . Our room on the third floor matches the foyer in the hushed stakes , with the traffic noise quite marvellously suppressed . Even emergency service sirens are little more than distant bleeps . The vibe in this Large King room is minimalist chic , with two distinctive red Eames chairs and a sleek wooden desk with Jacob Jacobsen lamp . But we 've chosen it for a certain bespoke flourish , for this is one of four rooms in the Andaz which has been decorated by trendy artists . Our room has a gigantic mural created by Patrick Vale and Paul Davis called One Day Walk plastered across one of the walls . The three other ` art rooms ' contain works by Chris Price and his wife and collaborator Delisia Howard , design studio ILoveDust and Patrick Morgan . Art of the matter : MailOnline stays in the Andaz 's quirky One Day Walk room , which features a huge mural by Patrick Vale and Paul Davis . Big draw : Patrick Vale -LRB- right -RRB- and Paul Davis -LRB- left -RRB- put the finishing touches on their amazing One Day Walk picture . Creative : The Pearly Room - also king-sized - features a flamboyant piece of art by Chris Price . Easel does it : Internationally renowned British artist Patrick Morgan reveals his Andaz street art room - The Day The Flower Rose . Multi-disciplinary English Artists ILoveDust 's East My Dust street art room will also appeal to those who fancy a quirky twist to their stay . One Day Walk is a celebration of the hotel 's east side locale , documenting a nine-hour walk the artists took that began with breakfast at St John Bread And Wine and wound its way past St Paul 's Cathedral , Hawksmoor Church , Brick Lane and Columbia Road , of flower-market fame . It 's a jumble of sketches , ponderings and quotes from overheard conversations that some might find a bit overwhelming , but we find mesmerising . A work of art that adds a splash of attitude and intrigue to a room with low-key aesthetics . The room 's other major talking point is the bed . It 's simply magnificently huge and comfortable , seemingly spanning multiple postcodes . There 's a lot of floor space , too . I 'm tempted to zig-zag my way to the bathroom to extract maximum value from it . Delightful design : The Andaz Liverpool Street features a knowing nod to New York 's Guggenheim Museum . Suite deal : The Andaz also contains bigger rooms with a living-room set-up . There is also an iPod dock , which would have been spiffing ... if we had iPods . The Andaz should really invest in some Bluetooth-capable sound systems as mobile phones tend to be the portable music system of choice these days . The aforementioned en-suite , meanwhile , is strikingly swish , with floor-to-ceiling tiling , a deep bath and turbo-charged power shower . Room inspection over , it 's time to explore the rest of the hotel . The Andaz has made the business of sauntering around inside all the more pleasant by dispersing a zesty fragrance through diffusers and , I 'm told , courtesy of housekeeping staff armed with sprays . It 's called ` Darjeeling ' and was created specifically for the hotel by a company called T London , which claims it ` relaxes and renews ' . This aroma wafts around rather pleasing aesthetics . The hotel opened as The Great Eastern in 1884 and was given a Terence ` Habitat ' Conran makeover in 2000 after it had fallen into disrepair . The result is most eye-catching , with a postmodern , sleek interior contrasting markedly with the redbrick exterior . A highlight is the soaring six-storey-high atrium and a winning nod to the Guggenheim museum built into the ` spine ' of the hotel that joins the old part with a newer section . Guests looking up as they walk to the lifts in the foyer will notice the walkways above have been sculpted to imitate the New York museum 's world-famous spiral design . Very clever . The refurb , meanwhile , revealed something rather intriguing and Dan Brown - a Greek Masonic Temple hidden behind a fake wall . Built using 12 types of Italian marble and mahogany panelling , it was considered one of the grandest Masonic temples of its time . Masons began using it again for meetings when it was uncovered and while it 's not open to guests , this ornate room can be hired by the public , with wine tastings and wedding receptions popular bookings . Our appetite for the mysterious sated , it 's time to dine . Mysterious : When the hotel was refurbished in 2000 builders found this incredible Masonic temple behind a fake wall . Today it is available for hire . Flaming brilliant : Once a month the Andaz hosts a candle-lit dinner in its 1901 restaurant . Tasty : The standard of cooking at the Andaz is stunning and the setting truly relaxing . Food , glorious food : The presentation of the dishes at 1901 is stunning . Pictured is a crab starter . Casual : Breakfast and brunch is served at the Andaz 's Eastway cafe , where the atmosphere is more informal . Brute of a breakfast : The full English option at Eastway will satisfy the hungriest of customers . Dinner at the Andaz , in its 1901 restaurant , is truly an experience to savour . Feeding takes place in a space that 's almost other worldly , a grand high-ceilinged room containing huge Mount Olympus-style pillars , gigantic potted plants that only Hercules could lift and a central block brimming with cocktail-making juices , as one of side of the room functions as a bar . The setting is enhanced because it 's 1901 's Candlelight Dinner night which takes place on the last Wednesday of every month . Three hundred and fifty candles are lit and placed around the room for added dreaminess . The food quality is equally impressive . It 's so beautifully presented you could call it art , frame it and hang it . I savour a delicious crab starter with cucumber , grapefruit and blackberry jelly -LRB- £ 14 -RRB- followed by a brilliantly executed beef fillet with potato cake , oxtail spring roll , stilton beignet , carrot and courgette puree -LRB- £ 29 -RRB- . A glass of 2006 Woodlands Margaret River Cabernet Sauvignon/Merlot from Australia complements it marvellously . Brunch the next day in the hotel 's Eastway diner is far more casual , but memorable all the same . The DIY Bloody Mary bar there is a great idea , but I summon a revitalising oatmeal and banana smoothie and a dreadnought of an English breakfast served in a huge roll from an interesting and fun New York-style menu . It 's delicious but I feel anchored to my seat , so it 's time to abandon the tranquillity of the Andaz and follow in the footsteps of Vale and Davis through the streets of the East End to walk it off . Rooms at Andaz Liverpool Street start at £ 180 . Room With A View large King rooms available to book from £ 378 on weekdays -LRB- Sunday to Thursday night -RRB- and £ 252 on weekends -LRB- Friday & Saturday -RRB- , subject to availability . They can be booked by clicking here . visit andazliverpoolstreet.com for more information . Call 020 7618 5010 for room reservations . General number : 020 7961 1234 .