Preservationists are battling to save a decaying asylum which achieved notoriety in the 1900s for the vast number of patients who committed suicide and were raped . Greystone Park Psychiatric Center , in New Jersey , was built to house hundreds of mentally ill patients , but it eventually was home to more than 7,500 people . It has long been abandoned and has been left to fall into disarray , now known for its crumbling walls , flaking plaster and gaping holes in ceilings and staircases which has allowed some of the rooms to be filled with leaves and snow . Scroll down for video . A decaying asylum which has been left to fall into disarray , with broken and peeling doors and windows , is being demolished as preservationists battle to save it and claim the building should be turned into a museum and housing . Many of the once well populated corridors of the building have been abandoned as rubbish is seen on the floor and walls are flaking . However , despite the state of the interior of the building and its chequered past , preservationists are arguing that it should not be bulldozed and should instead be converted into a museum and housing . Demolition work recently began on the building but preservationists are still working to save the French Renaissance-style building , and the years of history contained within its walls . American folk singer Woody Guthrie , who wrote hundreds of songs and made famous recordings of Red River Valley and This Land is Your Land , was committed in 1956 with Huntington 's Disease . The genetic disorder had blighted the life of his mother and made it difficult for him to walk , causing wild fluctuations in mood . Even as Guthrie was in his final years before he died in 1967 , folk revivalists were basing a new scene on Guthrie 's genius in New York 's Greenwich Village . One of his visitors in Greystone Park was a 19-year-old Bob Dylan . Greystone Park became one of the largest asylums , housing 7,500 patients , and became known for high numbers of rapes and suicides . Despite its long forgotten rooms and flaking examples of architecture , the future of Greystone Park has been hotly contested . Due to its extremely large size , Greystone Park was once the largest building in the US , but was surpassed by the Pentagon . The interior of the building has been left to decay so badly , with windows and roofing blown out , it would be too expensive to restore it . But campaigners claim the French Renaissance-style building contains a lot of elements of history that should be preserved not destroyed . The centre was also once used as a filming location . Greystone opened in 1876 and became known for its reputation due to the number of patients that committed suicide , were raped , and became pregnant . It was opened to relieve pressure on a nearby facility and covers around 678,000 square feet . The main building was widely said to be the largest by footprint in the U.S. until 1943 , when it was surpassed by the Pentagon - which has 6.5 million square feet altogether . The population of the hospital reached its peak in 1953 , when millions of shell-shocked soldiers returned from the Second World War suffering from what is now widely known as post-traumatic stress disorder . Corridors have been left to crumble while some doors have been lost completely , as empty chairs are scattered throughout the rooms -LRB- right -RRB- . A chair -LRB- left -RRB- shows visible signs of rust and decay , while the inside of the building has become known for its holes in the ceilings -LRB- right -RRB- . The building opened in 1876 and expanded to treat more than 7,000 patients in the 120 years it was open for before closing in 2003 . By then it held 7,674 patients and was a self-sufficient campus , with facilities including a laundry , chapel , dental clinic , infirmary , classrooms , therapy buildings , dormitories and even a power station . The buildings began to decay , with plaster and paint peeling from the walls and bookshelves and door frames left warped . Patients were moved out in 1988 and the asylum closed for good in 2003 when administration staff also left . It was later photographed by Matthew Christopher , who captures abandoned buildings across America . The State of New Jersey awarded a $ 34 million demolition contract to tear down the 675,000-square-foot building , while other , privately-funded options were available , it was reported . The asylum once had famous visitors , with a young Bob Dylan regularly coming to visit resident patient American folk singer Woody Guthrie . It was originally built to house around 800 patients but later became home to more than 7,600 patients , reaching its peak in 1953 . The asylum closed for good in 2003 and has long been left abandoned , but campaigners want to reclaim it and use it as a museum . It was decided that the building should be demolished after the interior was deemed to have decayed so much that restoration would be too expensive . Mr Christopher said : ` While many people see state hospitals as a sort of `` house of horrors '' they are an important part of our past - architecturally , socially , and economically . ` They were built at tremendous cost to the states they were in with quite a bit of optimism and hope about the treatment of those suffering from mental illnesses . ` As these buildings vanish - and so many are gone as it is - so too does our ability to connect with our past , to understand and discuss the realities of treatment there , and to return them to positive use . ` I think they 're beautiful buildings and tremendous assets , and that it is shameful and wasteful to destroy them and pretend they were never there . ` Greystone could have been saved , and it still can . ' Preservationists have criticised officials for failing to consult with developers who were keen to restore and reuse the iconic building .