Bournemouth moved four points clear at the top of the Championship with a win against Brighton as manager Eddie Howe set club records tumbling . They scored with their first shot on target in the 70th minute , well worth the wait when Yann Kermorgant hit a wonderful 25-yard free-kick which wrong-footed Brighton goalkeeper David Stockdale and flew into the left of goal . With only their second accurate effort , in the 81st minute , Callum Wilson extended their lead by running on to Kermorgant 's ball over the top and twice turned Greg Halford before finishing . Callum Wilson puts the Cherries 2-0 ahead with a sublime finish in the 81st minute . Yann Kermorgant fires Bournemouth into the lead with sweetly-taken free-kick in the 70th minute . Kermorgant -LRB- left -RRB- celebrates with his team-mate Matt Ritchie following his second-half strike . Brighton -LRB- 4-2-3-1 -RRB- Stockdale ; Bruno , Halford , Dunk , Bennett ; Stephens , Kayal -LRB- Ince 67 -RRB- ; Calderon , Teixeira -LRB- Mackail-Smith 74 -RRB- , Carayol -LRB- LuaLua 74 -RRB- ; Best . Subs not used : Walton , Hughes , Forster-Caskey , O'Grady . Manager : Chris Hughton . Booked : Dunk , Bennett . Bournemouth -LRB- 4-4-2 -RRB- : Boruc ; Daniels , Elphick , Cook , Francis ; Pugh -LRB- Smith 64 -RRB- , Surman , Arter , Ritchie ; Kermorgant -LRB- Gosling 83 -RRB- , Wilson -LRB- Jones 89 -RRB- . Subs not used : Camp , Ward , Stanislas , Pitman , . Manager : Eddie Howe . Booked : Smith . Referee : Craig Pawson . Stadium : Amex Stadium . Attendance : 25,919 . In doing so they set a club record 106 goals in all competitions , beating 104 from the 1956-57 and 1928-29 seasons . And Wilson 's strike was their 89th league goal of the season , moving clear of the previous record 88 they scored in the Division Three South in the 1956-57 season . Prior to the goals they had not looked like the typically fluent Bournemouth that has made them league leaders for the majority of the campaign . The passes were hit that little bit too long , the crosses went out for goal kicks and the through balls were slightly mistimed . Brighton 's Leon Best got in behind their defence in the 58th minute and shaped to bend an effort into the right of goal but his shot was woeful , weak and straight at Artur Boruc . Four minutes later , Mustafa Carayol made a driving run through the middle and got a powerful shot away from the edge of the box but Bournemouth captain Tommy Elphick dived in front to block . But Bournemouth showed they can win ugly and when the game is not going their way , as well as dominating teams with their passing . Howe is well aware that nerves will come into play with his players as they battle for promotion to the Premier League for the first time in their history . Yet his side are starting to demonstrate that they can handle the pressure . Four more games remain , against Reading , Sheffield Wednesday , Bolton and Charlton - a run of fixtures which they should deal with comfortably . Harry Arter celebrates in front of the travelling Bournemouth support after Kermorgant 's opener . Bournemouth 's Yann Kermorgant tussles with Joe Bennett during the first half at AMEX Stadium . Brighton midfielder Joao Carlos Teixeira is tackled by Bournemouth 's Marc Pugh . Brighton 's Biram Kayal closes down Cherries defender Simon Francis . Charlie Daniels is pursued by Brighton midfielder Inigo Calderon during a scoreless opening 45 minutes .