UFC women 's champion Ronda Rousey reinforced her support for Manny Pacquiao in his May 2 megafight with Floyd Mayweather as she paid a visit to the Filipino 's Los Angeles training camp . Rousey , the undefeated UFC bantamweight title holder , has made it clear she is in underdog Pacquiao 's camp in the the lead up to the fight . ` Truly honored to meet such a humble and genuine person . Thank you @MannyPacquiao for welcoming us into your home , ' Rousey posted on Twitter . Ronda Rousey said she was ` truly honoured to meet such a humble and genuine person ' in Manny Pacquiao . Pacquiao posted this image with Rousey on his Twitter page after a visit in Los Angeles . And it 's appreciated by the Pacman , who posted an image of the pair expressing his gratitude to the Fast and Furious 7 star on his Twitter page . ` Thank you for visiting me @RondaRousey and for your support . God Bless ! ' he wrote . Back in February Rousey , 28 , who has signed a multi-fight deal with the UFC but is also keen to get in the boxing ring , told TMZ Sports why she was in camp Pacquiao for the richest fight in history . Pacquiao is preparing for his May 2 megafight against Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas . Rousey , the UFC women 's bantamweight champion , recently starred in the film Fast and Furious 7 . ` Pacquiao 's been very , very nice me , so I 'm going to root for him , ' Rousey said . She follows a host of other celebrities to back Pacquiao , including The Fighter star Mark Wahlberg , NFL quarterback Tim Teebow , basketball legend Robert Jaworski and actor Robert Duvall who have met with the boxer at his camp . But none of them have the distinction , as Rousey does , of being the only person promised a free ticket to Pacquiao-Mayweather at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas . Pacquiao and his trainer Freddie Roach laugh at a speedball with Mayweather 's face on it , which was given as a gift by lawyer Robert Shapiro . Pacquiao is put through his paces at Wild Card Boxing ahead of the richest fight in history . Promoter Bob Arum was taken by Rousey 's comments that she would spend her combined career fight winnings to get a seat as close to the ring as possible for the fight . Arum said he was a huge fan of Rousey 's and said he wanted to show his support by offering her a prized seat . Rousey is by far the biggest draw in women 's UFC and her star has risen further of late with a spectacular fight scene with Michelle Rodriguez in the latest Fast and Furious film and a cameo as herself in the Entourage movie . It 's no distraction from her day job though as Rousey continues to dominate her division . Her 11th win came as the headline act in UFC184 on February 28 with a record-breaking 14 second arm-bar finish on Cat Zingano , who was previously unbeaten to that point . Mayweather has plenty of celebrity friends of his own with pop singer Justin Bieber regularly walking with him . Pacquiao himself has been showing his versatility by recording and releasing his own walkout music for his bout with Mayweather , which was released this week . The born-again Christian also spoke on Sunday at the non-denominational Shepherd Church Westside in Los Angeles about his rocky past and how he 's a changed man . ` There was a problem in our family because the fame goes to my head , ' Pacquiao admitted to . Pastor Dudley Rutherford . ` I know how to gamble , I know how to drink , a lot of girls , womanizing , like that . You know I accept that because that 's the old Manny Pacquiao . '