British taekwondo fighter Aaron Cook has confirmed he plans to compete for Moldova at the 2016 Olympics in Rio . Dorset-born Cook , 24 , who was overlooked for the Great Britain taekwondo squad at London 2012 , applied for citizenship after receiving funding from Moldovan billionaire Igor Iuzefovici and has now received his passport from the small eastern European state . ` I will soon begin a new journey representing the Republic of Moldova at all International competitions and hopefully the Rio Olympic games and beyond , should I qualify , ' Cook wrote on his Facebook page . Three time European champion Aaron Cook -LRB- right -RRB- has refused to fight for Great Britain since May 2012 . The British taekwondo star has been granted citizenship by Moldova and plans to fight for them in Rio 2016 . ` Although I am upset and disappointed I will not represent my country of birth at another major championships , I felt I had no other option . ` I am a fighter at heart and I am not going to throw away 20 years of dedication because of bureaucracy . ' Cook , who fought for Team GB at Beijing 2008 , felt he was overlooked for London 2012 - when Lutalo Muhammad , who was selected instead , won bronze - because he decided to quit the British programme in 2011 . Cook is aggrieved at being overlooked in favour of Lutalo Muhammad , who won bronze at London 2012 . GB Taekwondo has always denied this , but Cook has refused to compete under the British flag since May 2012 and has fought for the Isle of Man since early 2013 . ` It has been an amazing couple of years full of memories , and I would have loved to continue competing under the Isle of Man banner , ' Cook said . ` Unfortunately that was never going to be possible as it was made clear to me in May of last year , after winning the European Championships for the third consecutive time , that it would not be possible for me to be selected for Team GB , regardless of my world ranking or performances . Cook competes against Mauro Sarmiento at the Olympic Games in Beijing in 2008 . ` Having received no funding or support from the GB system and financing myself since June 2011 , this was not a situation that was acceptable to me and I did not want to put myself , family , friends , supporters or sport through the same situation we were forced to endure at the London 2012 Olympic Games . ' Cook hopes to represent Moldova for the first time at the inaugural Baku European Games in June having served the mandatory three-year period since representing a previous country . However , the British Olympic Association could yet block the move and Sportsmail understands it is still in talks over the matter .