Ricky Hatton 's former trainer has been charged with sexually assaulting a girl under the age of 16 . Bob Shannon , 59 , helped prepare Hatton for his comeback fight against Vyacheslav Senchenko in November 2012 , which the former two-weight world champion lost and promptly retired . The Manchester-based trainer 's stable includes Hatton 's brother , Matthew , the European welterweight champion , and fighters who have won British and European titles . Bob Shannon -LRB- right -RRB- with Ricky Hatton in September 2012 after the boxer confirmed his ill-fated comeback . He has been charged with a sexual assault on an underage girl after police received a complaint last year . Manchester-based Shannon trained Hatton for just one fight , against Vyacheslav Senchenko of Russia . Shannon has been charged with a sexual assault against a girl under the age of 16 . Greater Manchester Police confirmed that Shannon , from Glossop , Derbyshire , would appear before magistrates next week . Shannon landed a three-fight deal to train Hatton through his ill-fated comeback after guiding Matthew Hatton to a world title shot . But when The Hitman lost to Senchenko , Shannon lost his marquee fighter . Recently , his most high-profile boxer has been welterweight Denton Vassell , who fought and lost in a British welterweight title eliminator last September . Shannon 's charge came after a report a girl had been sexually assaulted last June . Hatton -LRB- second right -RRB- shows the pain after losing his comeback fight against Senchenko in November 2012 . Shannon has also trained Hatton 's brother , Matthew -LRB- right -RRB- , to a European title and world title shot . ` Robert Shannon of Derbyshire was charged with sexual assault and due before Manchester and Salford Magistrates on 22 April 2015 , ' said a police statement . Hatton became British boxing 's biggest star when he became light-welterweight world champion after an epic victory over Kostya Tszyu in 2005 . The larger-than-life character went on to win the welterweight world title , under the tutelage of long-term trainer Billy Graham . Hatton 's weight fluctuations between fights eventually caught up with him and he lost super-fights against Floyd Mayweather in 2007 and Manny Pacquiao two years later , before retiring for the first time . He turned to Shannon to guide his comeback in 2012 but the Senchenko defeat was their only fight together . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .