Thierry Henry has criticised Arsenal 's recent dealings in the transfer window and has urged his former side to purchase four top players in the summer . The Frenchman believes Arsenal need a goalkeeper , centre back , defensive midfielder and striker if they are to have any chance of winning the Barclays Premier League title . Henry , who was speaking after Arsenal 's goalless draw with Chelsea , also hit out at Olivier Giroud by claiming the Gunners will struggle to win the league if his fellow countryman is to remain as the club 's first choice striker . Sky Sports pundit Thierry Henry questioned whether Arsenal can win the title with Olivier Giroud in attack . Henry -LRB- centre -RRB- said after Arsenal 's goalless draw with Chelsea that Giroud -LRB- right -RRB- may need replacing . Hull -LRB- away -RRB- - May 4 . Swansea -LRB- home -RRB- - May 11 . Man United -LRB- away -RRB- - May 17 . Sunderland -LRB- home -RRB- May 20 . West Brom -LRB- home -RRB- - May 24 . Speaking as a pundit on Sky Sports , Henry said : ` I think they need to buy four players - they need that spine . They need a goalkeeper , they still need a centre back , they still need a holding midfielder and , I 'm afraid , they need a top , top quality striker to win this league again . ` You had the best example with Chelsea here today . They were struggling last season to win the league . They went on to buy -LSB- Thibaut -RSB- Cortouis , -LSB- Nemanja -RSB- Matic , Cesc -LSB- Fabregas -RSB- and -LSB- Diego -RSB- Costa . ` For me , that speaks volumes and you saw it today - a team did n't and a team did , and they are about to win the league again . Arsenal are third in the Premier League , level on points with Manchester City but with a game in hand . ` He -LSB- Arsene Wenger -RSB- has to do it . You need to have this competitive thing within the group - to win the league , that has to happen . ' And he added on Giroud 's inability to lead Arsenal to the title despite scoring 14 league goals so far this season : ` I think Giroud is doing extremely well . But can you win the league with him ? I would n't think so . ` He does a job , and he does it ever so well , but you ca n't win the league . ` Arsenal were at the top of the league last season , but everyone was saying they are not going win the league . ' Arsenal need to sign players of a similar calibre to Thibaut Courtois , Nemanja Matic , Cesc Fabregas and Diego Costa , according to Henry . Giroud , pictured during Arsenal 's match against Chelsea , has scored 14 Premier League goals this season .