People who have never been divorced can expect a retirement income 13 % higher than a colleague . The cost of divorce can wreck retirement many years after the break-up of a marriage , according to research . People who have never been divorced can expect a retirement income 13 per cent higher than a colleague who has been through a divorce . It means an extra £ 2,100 a year -- £ 17,800 rather than £ 15,700 -- to anyone who has kept their marriage intact , or who has never married , according to the survey for the Prudential . It also found that one in five divorcees who stop work this year will retire with debts to drag down their disposable income and their lifestyles . The debt of a divorced retiree averages £ 22,100 , Prudential 's report said , while many divorced people will have to get by on low incomes after ending their careers . Researchers said that nearly one in five divorced people will retire on incomes of less that £ 9,500 -- the level identified by poverty analysts at the Joseph Rowntree Foundation think tank as the minimum income for a single pensioner to enjoy a decent life . By comparison , only 13 per cent of people who are not divorced will be below the line , yesterday 's report said . The impact of divorce on a former spouse 's wealth is such that divorcees coming up to retirement age are 13 per cent more likely to delay retirement and continue working . The study adds to evidence that neither the emotional nor the financial effects of divorce are quickly overcome by families that break up . Years of research have established that the children of divorced parents are likely to do worse at school , worse in their careers after they leave school , to be more at risk of taking drugs or falling into crime , and to suffer worse health . The impact of divorcing parents lasts long after a child has grown up and become an independent adult , studies suggests . The latest survey provides new evidence that the financial crash that husbands , wives and children suffer during a divorce -- usually including loss of income , the price of running two homes instead of one , legal costs , and the long-term burden of maintenance payments for one spouse -- does not fade away even as old age approaches . Apart from the costs of supporting a former partner who is bringing up their children , a divorced man or woman faces giving up a share of their pension when they retire through ` pension-splitting ' arrangements . One in five divorcees who stop work this year will retire with debts to drag down their disposable income and their lifestyles , according to research . Prudential pensions specialist Clare Moffat said : ` Although the emotional impact of divorce may have long passed , it could come as a shock for people to find that it continues to impact them financially into their retirement . ` A pension fund is likely to be one of the largest and most complicated assets a couple will have to split in the event of a divorce . Professional advice is particularly important in the face of the recent changes to pensions legislation and divorced retirees acting on advice received under the previous rules may want to consider seeking updated advice on any post-retirement plans they have made . ` During a divorce the costs can quickly mount up , with legal fees , the cost of setting up a new home and the effect of splitting any existing retirement savings all potentially impacting the ability of those involved to continue saving into a pension . Unfortunately divorce is most likely among those aged 40 to 44 , the period in many people 's lives when earning potential peaks and the most valuable pension contributions can be made . ' The findings were based on a survey carried out by Research Pluse among 7,687 people aged over 45 , who included 1,012 people intending to retire this year .