Former FBI Director Louis Freeh nearly died last summer when he was involved in a car crash driving near his summer home in Barnard , Vermont . Current FBI director James Comey and Vermont Senator Patrick Leahy spoke about the accident for the first time last week , during an appearance at Chaplain College . They say 64-year-old Freeh severed an artery in one of his legs and would have bled to death in just 60 seconds if it were n't for the quick response from paramedics and an FBI agent on the scene . Scroll down for video . Near-death experience : New information has been revealed about the devastating car crash former FBI Director Louis Freeh -LRB- pictured above -RRB- was involved in last summer in Vermont . ` Louis would have died within a minute or so . They stopped the bleeding , ' Leahy said , according to the Burlington Free Press . ` He credits those folks with saving his life , ' Comey added . While Freeh told police that he has no memory of the crash , it 's believed that he fell asleep behind the wheel while going about 60 to 65 mph on Vermont 12 on August 25 , 2014 . Freeh lost control of his vehicle and crossed into oncoming traffic before driving off the road and into a tree . He nearly ran into three other drivers on the road , who were luckily able to swerve out of the way before crashing head-on with Freeh . It 's believed that Freeh fell asleep behind the wheel before the August 25 , 2014 crash . No one else was injured . Above , a scene from the wreck . Eight months later , Freeh is still recovering from the crash and walking with the aid of a cane . Above , another view of the crash scene . After the crash , Freeh was airlifted to Dartmouth Hitchcock Medical Center in Lebanon , New Hampshire and was eventually transferred to Walter Reed National Military Medical Center in Washington . Eight months later , Leahy says Freeh is recovering well and recently stopped by his office for a visit . ` He walks with a cane . Most people wish they could move that well , ' the senator said . ` His recovery has been remarkable . ' Freeh was the director for the FBI from 1993 until 2003 . He released a statement after Comey and Leahy 's statements , saying : ` May God bless all of these individuals who are so instrumental in my recovery . '