The future of Britain 's independent nuclear deterrent sparked a bitter war of words yesterday . Tories claimed Russian leader Vladimir Putin would be happy with Ed Miliband as prime minister because he can not be trusted to keep our Trident submarines . Defence Secretary Michael Fallon led a ferocious assault on the Labour leader -- claiming he is a ` backstabber ' who can not be trusted not to sell out in a ` grubby ' deal with the SNP . Scroll down for video . Tories also pointed to a survey suggesting up to three-quarters of Labour election candidates oppose the replacement of Trident . Business and skills minister Nick Boles , a close ally of David Cameron , went further , claiming the Russian president would be pleased to see Mr Miliband enter Downing Street propped up by SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon . ` Ask yourself this . Who does Vladimir Putin want to see running Britain after May 7 ? ' Mr Boles demanded . ` Answer : the man who abandoned the Syrians to their fate and the woman who wants to scrap our nuclear deterrent . He ... stood alongside Putin in protecting -LSB- Syrian President -RSB- Assad . ' Mr Miliband reacted with fury to the attacks , accusing the Tories of ` desperate smears ' and dragging the election campaign ` into the gutter ' by claiming he would ` stab the UK in the back ' in the same way that he did brother David in the Labour leadership contest . ` David Cameron should be ashamed , ' Mr Miliband said , insisting that Labour was committed to renewing the Trident fleet . But Mr Fallon 's promise to renew all four submarines appeared to leave Labour in disarray . Mr Fallon said the full replacement of Trident would be a ` red line ' in any second Conservative-Liberal Democrat coalition . ` I want to see multilateral disarmament , I 'm not in favour of unilateral disarmament . That means we have got to have the least cost deterrent that we can have . ' - Ed Miliband , January 5 . ` We 're going to see whether there 's any way you could do it with three -LSB- submarines -RSB- . ' - Ed Balls , March 15 . ' -LSB- Four submarines -RSB- is exactly the policy that we have had for a very long time . ' - Chris Leslie , Wednesday . ` Four boats ... but we 'll look at that in government . ' - Douglas Alexander , yesterday . ` It 's right to have a review because technology changes . ' - Ed Miliband , yesterday . For Labour , however , frontbenchers gave differing positions . Some suggested a Labour government might cut the number of submarines . Mr Miliband said he favoured ` basically four boats ' but it was ` right to have a review ' while Labour treasury spokesman Chris Leslie said that maintaining four submarines was ` exactly the policy that we have had for a very long time ' . Earlier this year Mr Miliband had said he favoured the ` least cost deterrent ' possible . And in March , Shadow Chancellor Ed Balls had said the party would see whether three submarines could suffice . Military experts insist four submarines are the minimum needed to ensure Trident can be deployed at sea at all times . Any fewer would mean that the missiles would on occasion be left vulnerable in port . Mr Fallon attacked the idea of having only three , saying there was no point in having a deterrent that ` takes the weekend off ' . A survey of Labour candidates , conducted by the Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament , suggests that Mr Miliband would have difficulty carrying large sections of his party with him if he sought to renew Trident . In several Labour safe seats , MPs who supported Trident are being replaced by candidates who oppose it . They include Meg Munn in Sheffield Heeley , whose replacement Louise Haigh says : ` Investment in nuclear is immoral in and of itself ' . Former Defence Secretary Liam Fox said the lack of clarity from Labour over Trident left Britain in a ` very dangerous position ' . ` Unless we are absolutely sure where they would be then we have to assume that they are not fit to protect this country by having a continuous nuclear deterrent , ' he said ` In a very dangerous world that is a very dangerous position . ' As many as three-quarters of Labour candidates oppose the replacement of Britain 's Trident nuclear deterrent . Pictured is the HMS Victorious off the coast of Scotland . CND 's survey of Labour candidates suggested as many as three-quarters opposed the replacement of Britain 's Trident nuclear deterrent . The anti-nuclear group said last month it had polled a ` representative sample ' of Labour candidates , including sitting MPs . But Labour critics claimed only 73 candidates had been surveyed with 50 or so anti-Trident . The finding suggested anti-nuclear Labour MPs could make common cause with the Scottish National Party , which has said it wants to ditch Trident . Labour 's official policy is to maintain a continuous , submarine-based deterrent . But many senior figures want Labour to back a more limited , cut-price deterrent -- while others believe the party should scrap it altogether . Kate Hudson , CND 's general-secretary , said : ` Labour candidates are in step with public opinion . The majority of the public do n't want tosee £ 100 billion spent on nuclear weapons . ' Mr Cameron backed Mr Fallon 's attack and challenged Mr Miliband to rule out any arrangement with the SNP that would put Labour into power . He said : ` When I listen to what Labour are saying , they are playing fast and loose with the country 's security . ' Miss Sturgeon said : ` We would never be in any deal with a Labour government who is going to renew Trident . '