The wife of LA Angels player Josh Hamilton has revealed she was ` blindsided ' by his decision to file for divorce and insists she has never been unfaithful . Real Housewives of Orange County star Katie said there was no ` big fight or blow up ' which caused their marriage to end . Speaking to TMZ Sports she said ` nothing sparked it ' and slammed reports she cheated on the slugger as ` entirely false ' . ` I 've always stood by him and I 'll always stand by him , ' she added . ` I support and love him now and down the road . ' Hamilton filed for divorce from his wife two months ago - around the same time he admitted to an alcohol and drugs relapse , it has emerged . Scroll down for video . Split : Real Housewives of Orange County star Katie said there was no ` big fight or blow up ' which caused her marriage to LA Angel Josh Hamilton to end . The filing comes after his self-reported relapse and just months after they celebrated 10 years together -LRB- pictured -RRB- . ` She 's my girl ' : Hamilton posted this image on Twitter alongside the message . Katie has insisted she will always lo . Loved up : When he shared the above photo in November , he gushed about how much he loved his wife . The divorce petition was filed in late February in Tarrant County , Texas , where Hamilton played five seasons with the Texas Rangers before moving to LA , the Dallas Morning News reported . Hamilton , 33 , married his wife Katie in 2004 . Katie , who will appear on the 10th season of The Real Housewives of Orange County when it airs this summer , has a daughter from a previous relationship and three more daughters with Hamilton . The petition does n't detail the reasons for the split and only cites ` conflict ' . In the petition , Hamilton outlined 34 requests . Among them , he called for his wife to be banned from using his Maserati and 1972 Chevrolet Blazer , the Dallas Morning News reported . He also requested she be prohibited from ` hiding ' the children from him , from allowing men to stay the night while his children are home , and from making disparaging remarks about him or his family . But in March , Mrs Hamilton submitted a general denial to her husband 's petition and this month , the couple agreed not to communicate with each other throughout the case . Hamilton is not allowed to see his children without supervision , according to court records . He is also banned from going to the couple 's properties in Westlake Texas ; Newport Coast , California ; and Valley Mills , Texas . Last week , the couple 's six-bedroom , eight-bathroom home in Newport Coast went on the market for $ 16.5 million . The property has ocean views , an eight-car garage and a pool and spa , according to the listing . Family : The couple has four daughters , including a 14-year-old -LRB- right -RRB- from Katie 's former relationship . Hamilton is now not allowed to see the girls without supervision , according to court records . Split : The couple , pictured last year , have not listed the reasons behind their divorce , citing only ` conflict ' Katie Hamilton , pictured with her oldest daughter , Julia , will appear on the upcoming 10th season of the Real Housewives of Orange County . She has custody of the couple 's four daughters . The divorce petition comes just months after the couple celebrated their 10th wedding anniversary and Hamilton gushed about his wife on social media . '10 years ago today , I said `` I do '' , ' he wrote on his Twitter page on November 10 as he shared a photo of him and his wife . ` There are no words to describe how much I love and adore this lady . ' Earlier this year , Hamilton , a former Major League Baseball Most Valued Player , underwent shoulder surgery before spring training for the LA Angels . He then self-reported that he had suffered a cocaine and alcohol relapse - the latest incident in his well-documented history of substance abuse . Hamilton was suspended for three seasons between 2003 and 2005 and was ordered to undergo regular drug testing when he was reinstated into baseball in 2005 . After his recent relapse , Major League Baseball officials said Hamilton had violated his treatment program , but the players ' association disagreed so an arbitrator was called to make a decision . Uncertain future : Hamilton , pictured in October 2014 , signed with the LA Angels in 2012 but self-reported a substance abuse relapse earlier this year . He will not be disciplined but may not return to the team . Without divulging reasons , the arbitrator ruled that Hamilton did not violate terms of the agreement , and the player will not be disciplined for the relapse . After overcoming his early addiction problems , Hamilton played for the Texas Rangers between 2008 and 2012 and was named the AL MVP in 2010 . During that time , he had two public relapses , including one before the 2012 season . In 2012 , he signed a five-year , $ 125 million contract with the Angels , but owner Arte Moreno last week said he could not guarantee Hamilton will return to play for the team . He claimed that Hamilton 's contract said the deal could be terminated if he relapsed . The Dallas Morning News reported that he was not assigned a locker during spring training and merchandise with his name on has been removed from the team 's stadium store .