A mother , father and their eight-month old baby boy were killed on Monday when a concrete barrier fell onto their truck as they were driving under an overpass in Washington State . The tragic accident claimed the lives of Josh and Vanessa Ellis and baby Hudson , who were crushed when the 50-foot-long concrete slab slammed down on top of them , according to Bonney Lake Police . The barrier weighed ` tons ' according to investigators and the damage to the family 's pickup truck was so great that it took them hours to extract the bodies . Scroll down for video . Tragic accident : Josh and Vanessa had been married for five years and their baby boy Hudson was only eight months old at the time of the crash . Community : Josh and Vanessa were both youth pastors at the EastPointe FourSquare Church in Bonney Lake . Demolished : This picture show the complete devastation the concrete block wrought on the family pickup truck . Clean-up : A car drives on Angeline Road under the state Route 410 overpass , Tuesday , April 14 , 2015 , the day after a young couple and their son were killed when a concrete slab fell from the overpass . Poignant : A cross , a stuffed animal and flowers are shown at a makeshift memorial for Josh and Vanessa Ellis and baby Hudson who were killed on . Scene : Josh , Vanessa and baby Hudson were crushed to death after a concrete slab fell from a construction site on a Washington state bridge and landed on their truck . Above , the crushed vehicle . Fatal : The married couple and their baby were driving underneath the state 's Route 410 overpass in Bonney Lake - where workers were installing a sidewalk - on Monday morning . Above , the scene . Shockingly , authorities thought that only one person had been killed by the impact , but discovered to their horror that an entire family had been crushed to death according to KIRO TV . While America once had the world 's best road and transportation network system , but now it is crumbling . Indeed , according to a former US Transport Secretary , Ray LaHood said there are 70,000 bridges that have been deemed structurally deficient across the nation . LaHood made this damning statistic abundantly clear when he told CBS News , ` I do n't want to say they 're unsafe . But they 're dangerous . I would agree with that . ' Moreso , every four years , the American Society of Civil Engineers -LRB- ASCE -RRB- releases its comprehensive assessment of the state of US infrastructure . In its most recent one , from 2013 , it gave the nation a grading of D + . Across the United States there are 607,380 bridges according to the ASCE and they have an average lifespan of 42 years . Out of those bridges , one in nine is considered to be structurally problematic . Chief among those are the Storrow Drive Bridge in Boston , which has cement too thick for its steel structure to continue supporting and the US Route 1/9 Bridge over the Passaic River in New Jersey , which is rusted . One of the reasons why things have got so bad is due of course to dwindling investment . From 1950 to the 1990s , the investment in infrastructure across the nation stood at two percent of GDP . That fell to 1.5 percent in 2012 . As a comparison China spends seven percent of its GDP on infrastructure and India , five percent . So large is the problem , that experts have said that either an upsurge in money to rebuilding the nation is needed , or the country will begin to suffer huge problems over the next generation . Source : The Week/CBS . Bonney Lake police Officer Todd Green told the New York Daily News that the Ellis family would likely have died on impact and not known much about the accident . He said he was confident about this assessment because they found no break marks under the bridge , leading him to believe they had no warning . ` This is a very unfortunate and sad circumstance , especially in a town this size , ' Green said . ` This is something that will hit our community big time . ' The couple celebrated their five year wedding anniversary in early March and were pastors at their local church . At the time of the incident , construction crews were working on the sidewalk installation project , it is reported . When they finally managed to reach the damaged truck , they found the victims inside . ` We were just heading down the street ... and I could hear three snaps and down it went on top of the truck , ' witness Dawn Nelson , who was riding in a car behind the pickup , told KING-TV . She added : ` There was nothing anyone could do . It was just surreal . ' It remains unknown what caused the ` very heavy ' concrete structure to fall , King 5 reported . City spokesman Woody Edvalson said the material that fell in Bonney Lake - situated around 30 mile southeast of Seattle , Washington - was part of the original span , which was built in 1992 . It has a sufficiency rating of 95.3 out of 100 , according to The News Tribune . Investigation : A worker takes photographs under the state Route 410 overpass on Tuesday , the day after a young couple and their son were killed . Workers on-site : As the family drove under the overpass , a chunk of concrete fell onto the roadway , crushing their pickup truck . Above , workers are pictured at the scene , shortly after the family of three were killed . Press conference : Above , Todd Green , center , of Bonney Lake Police Department , is seen talking to reporters on Monday . Construction for a $ 1.8 million city sidewalk project to improve pedestrian access along the highway started about a month ago . The contractor WHH Nisqually had crews on the scene on Monday . ` The project was to add a pedestrian walkway along that overpass on SR 410 , ' Mr Edvalson told reporters following Monday 's tragedy , adding : ` This accident occurred as a result of that effort . ' The project included rebuilding the north side of the bridge , adding a sewer line , widening SR 410 between the bridge and 192nd Avenue , and adding bases for future street lights , it is reported . Bonney Lake police , the state Department of Transportation and WHH Nisqually are investigating . Bridge : Construction for a $ 1.8 million city sidewalk project to improve pedestrian access along the highway -LRB- pictured in 2012 -RRB- started about a month ago . The contractor WHH Nisqually had crews on the scene Monday .