Millions of Americans avoid inviting people round because they are embarrassed about the state of their homes . According to new research , 61 per cent of US adults have admitted that they do n't extend invitations to friends and family because of their ` home shame ' . General mess , dated carpets and kitchens , unfinished DIY projects and the small size of their property rank highest on the list of embarrassments - which awful color schemes , shabby furniture and poor location also proved to be particularly shameful for homeowners . Shame : More than 60 per cent of Americans have admitted to being ashamed of their own homes . In a study of 1,000 people for Sugru , makers of moldable glue , 48 per cent said their embarrassment about their home is usually confined to just a few rooms or areas , however 33 per cent acknowledge they are ashamed of their whole house . 1 . Mess . 2 . Dated carpets . 3 . Dated kitchen . 4 . Dirty/stained carpets . 5 . DIY jobs that have n't been started . 6 . Bad smells . 7 . Size . 8 . Cracked walls/ceilings . 9 . Badly decorated . 10 . Faded or peeling paint . 11 . Old/broken furniture . 12 . Patchy lawn . 13 . Too much clutter or trash . 14 . Incomplete DIY jobs . 15 . Bad/anti-social neighbors . 16 . Dated/shabby wall paper . 17 . Overgrown yard . 18 . Mold or mildew patches . 19 . Bad location . 20 . Bold/garish color schemes . More than half have n't let visitors in to certain rooms , and 36 per cent steer people away from coming to visit altogether . Interestingly , more than half of the participants -LRB- 54 per cent -RRB- admitted that it is their friends whom they try to avoid inviting over , while 38 per cent were more concerned about having strangers visit their humble abodes ; 33 per cent on the other hand are most concerned about work colleagues taking a peek at their home . Top on the list of cringe-worthy rooms is the living room , followed by the kitchen , bedrooms and bathrooms . What 's worse , 62 per cent worry they will never get their home to the point where they are no longer ashamed by it . Sugru spokeswoman Jane ni Dhulchaointigh said of the survey : ` When you first move into a house , most people have ideas about how they want to make it their ideal home . ` But a lack of time , money and even basic DIY skills can mean many struggle to see all , or even any of these plans through . ` Sometimes all it takes are a few minor changes here and there . Start small with a DIY project that you 're going to actually enjoy , with simple tools that you 're confident using and focus on one room at a time . ` The pride that you 'll get from one successful project will help spur you straight on to the next . ' According to the survey , a whopping 30 per cent of people have actually pretended to be out when someone they knew knocked on their door , and 14 per cent admit that they have had someone drop them off elsewhere rather than allowing them to see their home . A further 39 per cent , at one point or another , have avoided hosting an event at their home . Nearly a quarter of people surveyed -LRB- 21 per cent -RRB- also admit to ending a date early rather than inviting their date back to their home . Envy : Many Americans confessed that they would love the chance to take a look inside the Obama family 's private living area . LIfestyle guru : Martha Stewart 's home topped the list of celebrities houses people would most like to see inside . The study found that 63 per cent have plans to improve their home , with 18 per cent saying the motivation for getting it done is based on pure embarrassment . Other motivators for wanting to work on their home include time off from work , upcoming visits from family and friends and looking at homes on TV . 1 . Martha Stewart . 2 . The Obamas ' living quarters in the White House . 3 . Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie . 4 . Jennifer Aniston . 5 . Oprah Winfrey . 6 . George Clooney/Lake Como . 7 . Taylor Swift . 8 . Ellen Degeneres and Portia De Rossi . 9 . The Playboy Mansion . 10 . Madonna . And when it comes to celebrity home envy , it was lifestyle guru Martha Stewart 's home that topped the list of houses the participants would most like to see , while the Obamas ' living area in the White House and Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie 's home placed second and third respectively . Perhaps unsurprisingly , 46 per cent of respondents admitted that they are struggling to make the changes they would like to their home because it costs too much money , while 23 per cent say they 're not making improvements because they are planning to move soon . 16 per cent admit they do n't know how to fix or repair what needs to be fixed to make their homes look presentable . An overwhelming 88 per cent would feel less embarrassed about the state of their home if they could redecorate all or part of their home , or at least get those pesky DIY jobs done . Ms ni Dhulchaointigh adds , ` We are all busy , which often leaves less time to pay attention to those small home improvement jobs . ` That 's why we 've created something that makes quick fixes , repairs and improvements easy . It 's all about making people 's lives simpler and getting that home pride back .