A British photographer has captured some adorable images of puppies posing for the camera . The picture-perfect photo shoot is the handiwork of John Daniels , 61 , from Dunsfold in Surrey , who has decades of experience working with animals . He used both clean white studio backgrounds and comedy props to capture the heart-warming shots and these cute canines who appeared relaxed in front of the camera . A ` model ' poses in a makeshift hammock for a portrait by puppy photographer John Daniels . The photographer also experiments with some unusual animal pairings , making his charming snaps the perfect way to celebrate National Pet Day , which takes place tomorrow . John said : ` I use the studio because I ca n't rely on the British weather , I 've had to cancel shoots in the past , so using the studio and building a set means its one less thing to worry about . ` Photographing any animal can be tricky and with shoots outside there is more chance of the animal escaping or being frightened by the big outdoors . ` I have very good animal handlers that I use , they have lots of contacts in the animal world and tell me what 's available at any time . Some of his work is the stuff of dreams for greetings card makers , such as these four puppies in socks hung up on a washing line . Two tiny Shar Pei 's sit back to pack for this adorable , very wrinkly photo . John applies the time tested ` baby in a bucket ' pose to a little puppy -LRB- l -RRB- - the photographer is seen on a farm with his camera -LRB- r -RRB- . ` The hardest part is timing , I have to get each animal at the right age , so hatching eggs to coincide with kittens or puppies takes a bit of planning . ` I 've found that the older the animal is the harder it is to get it to sit with another , when they are very young they do n't really know whats going on , and a ducking will happily snuggle up to a kitten or anything else that feels cosy . ` I never force an animal to do anything , so if they do n't look happy it wont look good in the picture and we try something else , or give them time to settle . Some of John 's ` barking mad ' animal pairings include this puppy and duck saying hello to one another . He says ` A ducking will happily snuggle up to a kitten or anything else that feels cosy ' Some are captured in a precious moment where they look tired or relaxed , sleepy or barely awake . ` Without giving away any trade secrets , I use sounds to attract them , they have to be soft for kittens but a little louder for puppies and others , or strange to get them to look at the camera . ` All the animals react in different ways , so its quite often trial and error . ` I love working with any animal , wild or domestic , its a privilege to be able to . ` I hope they enjoy working with me , many of the animals come back to the studio for several shoots and they do seem to remember what to do , little treats always help . ' A protective white puppy lays his chin on the head of a brown rabbit for this brotherly picture . A playful pup sticks out his tongue to the camera -LRB- l -RRB- while another seems to be sleeping in a milk jug -LRB- r -RRB- . Many of John 's subjects appear to be almost newborn - their eyes completely coloured and their fur still fuzzy , not yet silky . A big brown pup protects a little furry chick -LRB- l -RRB- as a tiny puppy relaxes in a teacup -LRB- r -RRB- . Four little canines rest in blue and green flower pots as they pose perfectly for a picture . John says he prefers taking photos in the studio - like this one - as outdoors , little animals are more likely to escape or become frightened . A very soapy little puppy appears to be caught off guard as she ` takes a bath ' in this posed up picture . Cats and dogs appear to be best of friends in this adorable photo . Four fluffy dogs line up in a log crate as they pose for a picture . A little pug looks curiously into the camera while standing next to a much larger companion .