You 'd have thought the celebrations would 've stopped but the New England Patriots are still reveling in February 's Super Bowl XLIX win as they visited the White House to receive congratulations from President Barack Obama . But there was one notable absence from the Patriots squad who visited on Thursday , with quarterback Tom Brady nowhere to be seen . However , a spokesman for the Patriots said ` prior family commitments ' were the reason why Brady did n't attend the visit . Scroll down for video . President Barack Obama -LRB- centre -RRB- welcomed the New England Patriots to the White House on Thursday . Patriots beat Seattle Seahawks 28-24 to win Super Bowl XLIX in February and were congratulated by Obama . But there was one notable absence with quarterback Tom Brady nowhere to be seen at the White House . The Patriots beat Seattle Seahawks 28-24 to win the NFL Super Bowl in Glendale , Arizona with Brady named as MVP for the third time in his fourth Super Bowl victory . Although Brady was n't able to visit the White House with his team-mates , he 'll be fondly remembered for his performance in the Patriots ' Super Bowl win . He joins the likes of Joe Montana and Terry Bradshaw on four rings , and is now the all-time leader with 12 Super Bowl touchdown passes and completions on 37 . It was also his record sixth appearance in the NFL 's seasonal showpiece . A spokesman for the Patriots said ` prior family commitments ' was the reason why Brady did n't attend the visit . The 30 year-old -LRB- middle -RRB- has met Obama -LRB- right -RRB- before back in 2005 when the president was a US Senator . Obama receives a Patriots team jersey beside head coach Bill Belichick -LRB- left -RRB- and owner Robert Kraft -LRB- right -RRB- . The president holds a football presented to him during the White House visit which honored the Patriots . Brady wo n't be kicking himself too hard , however , as he has been to the White House before with three other Super Bowl victories under his belt . Despite earlier 's announcement regarding Brady 's absence , it 's not clear what his prior commitment was . And Brady 's team-mates were n't missing him much as they enjoyed a wander around the White House . Obama looked as if he enjoyed himself , too . Kraft gives a signed helmet to Obama during the visit to the White House . Obama and Kraft were seen laughing on Thursday as the Patriots enjoyed their visit to meet the president .