When Nic Newling recalls his childhood , he remembers misleading highs and deep depressions where the only option he could see for himself was committing suicide . But it was the unexpected and tragic death of his teenage brother , Christopher , who killed himself amidst his own quieter battle with mental illnesses , which helped put his life back into perspective . Now , the 28-year-old is using his story of loss and confusion - in which he moved between doctors and psychiatric wards and was fed various concoctions of prescriptive medication before finally being diagnosed with bipolar disorder - to raise awareness of mental illness . Mental health advocate Nic Newling struggled through the confusing highs and depressing lows of an undiagnosed bipolar disorder between the ages of 13 and 18 . It was the unexpected and tragic death of his older , teenage brother Christopher -LRB- pictured right with Nic left -RRB- , who killed himself amidst his own quieter battle with mental illnesses , which helped put his life back into perspective . Academically driven from a young age , Nic said that the time he was eight years old , he had planned his whole life out in his mind with the intention of becoming a vet . ` I got into a high school with a scholarship ; at that point I was really happy for the first six months , but I pushed myself too hard and put an unrealistic amount of pressure on myself and just crashed . What it looked like was not having any other interests , being snappy and grumpy and angry - which are all things that are not like me at all , ' he told Daily Mail Australia . His bad moods progressed into forms of anxiety and depression and what Nic described as an ` overwhelming sadness that did n't come from any particular place ' , before taking on a level of psychosis . ` When things first started getting bad , I was experiencing symptoms of agitation , panic attacks , I was withdrawing from friends and life and not finding pleasure in the things that I used to find pleasurable , I was experiencing what I thought was OCD behaviors and I started thinking I was hearing things that were n't real , ' he said . Both Nic -LRB- left -RRB- and Christopher -LRB- centre , with eldest brother Ben right -RRB- suffered from mental health problems at the same time . Unlike Nic -LRB- left -RRB- , Christopher -LRB- with Ben right -RRB- was not as open about his emotions and his anxiety and depression . His death came as a shock to the family who had been focusing on Nic 's struggles . ` It was so hard to work at school because of the nature of the condition : it can have cognitive impairments , so I 'd go from reading nonstop to not being able to listen to a word the teacher was saying . ` I 'd literally just sit there in class and just fantasize about different ways I could kill myself with different objects in the room . ' By year eight , Nic had admitted himself into a psychiatric ward - a move that marked the beginning of years of confusions and various treatments including electroconvulsive therapy - in a desperate bid to rid himself of his confusing emotions . ` On average , statistics show that it takes 20 years for someone with bipolar to go from having the symptoms to being diagnosed - and that 's not even treating it , ' Nic said . ` Compared to that , I 'm one of the lucky ones . ' A high achiever from a young age , Nic -LRB- pictured left and right -RRB- ` crashed ' after pushing himself too hard in the first year of high school . His anxiety and depression progressed into a type of psychosis and he soon admitted himself into a psychiatric ward for almost nine months . But along with the cold , stale , square rooms , the psychiatric wards offered a surprising comfort : other people who were not afraid to talk about mental illness . ` I really liked that psych ward . I did n't want to leave because I met so many people there from different backgrounds and religions and with different ideas about the world ... and the reason I really got along with these guys was because it was the first time I had met other people with mental health issues and that it was such a non-issue . ` They 'd be like `` what have you got ? '' and I 'd say `` I think I have psychosis or depression '' and they 'd just say `` OK , cool . Do you want to play Nintendo now ? '' That planted the seed a little bit : maybe talking about this stuff is really helpful , not damaging . ' The level of support and acceptance of mental health problems that Nic experienced was a far cry from the experience of his older brother Christopher . ` Everyone was really worried about me being suicidal because it was such a measured thought-out decision for me - I was sort of at the point where I was convinced there was no point in living but could n't deal with the guilty because my family had been so good to me , ' Nic said . ` It was so hard to work at school because of the nature of the condition : it can have cognitive impairments , so I 'd go from reading nonstop to not being able to listen to a word the teacher was saying . I 'd literally just sit there in class and just fantasize about different ways I could kill myself with different objects in the room ' It took at least another two years after his brother 's death before Nic -LRB- pictured -RRB- was correctly diagnosed with bi-polar and set on the correct path of treatment , but not without another stint in a psych ward and doctor 's experimenting with every drug for depression under the sun . ` Then Chris ended up killing himself when I had just turned 16 and he was just shy of 18 . ` He had his heart set on being a professional rugby player but had some problems with his legs and had to get surgery . He was bed ridden for a while and that made his depression and anxiety a lot worse because he pretty much just lived for rugby . ` He became withdrawn : he would n't talk about his depression . I was open about it to close friends and family whereas he would really keep it close to his chest because he had a lot more to lose socially - he was an alpha-male , jock , lovable larrikin and athletic type and I think he really felt that if he would have talked about having depression and anxiety it would made him look like less of a man . Devastated by the unexpected turn of events , Nic 's eldest brother was left to organize Christopher 's funeral while his mother became a recluse and the rest of the family tried to shield Nic from the event , desperate to avoid another tragedy . Christopher 's -LRB- left and right -RRB- mental health problems peaked after a surgery that left him bed ridden and unable to play rugby : ` He would really keep it close to his chest because he had a lot more to lose socially - he was an alpha-male , jock , lovable larrikin and athletic type and I think he really felt that if he would have talked about having depression and anxiety it would made him look like less of a man ' ` We stopped having Christmas that year because mum and dad could n't deal with that emptiness . ` After he died there were five chairs at the dinner table and only four people and you ca n't ignore that . We started having dinner in front of the television permanently because , what do you talk about ? How can you discuss anything and have that chair sitting there ? ' It took at least another two years after his brother 's death before Nic was correctly diagnosed with bi-polar and set on the correct path of treatment , but not without another stint in a psych ward and doctor 's experimenting with every drug for depression under the sun . His death shattered their family : ` We stopped having Christmas that year because mum and dad could n't deal with that emptiness , ' Nic said -LRB- pictured from a young age with his brothers and father -RRB- . ` Our first family Christmas in a very long time , just last year ' : Left to right Ben and his son Zach , mum , dad , Nic 's best friend Ryle , Nic , and family friend Daisy . ` I 'd had heaps of different meds for heaps of different diagnosis . I 'd had shock therapy when I was 16 which was once I 'd had every meds that existed for the condition and meant we were really scraping the bottom of the barrel by falling back on like 1960s meds , ' he said . ` But it was n't that the meds were n't working or the dosage was wrong , it was that I was being treatment for something I did n't have . ' ` Now things are good . I take a small maintenance dose of medication , one pill a day , with no side effect : a mood stabilizer which just feels like taking a vitamin . I 've got a great job working in mental health , I live with my best friend , have a great girlfriend - I do n't want to say it 's perfect , but what a dramatic turnaround ! ' As an outspoken advocate for mental health and suicide prevention who advocates loudly about the importance of seeking help , Nic aims to raise awareness about the importance of GPs - the front-line of any mental health help and diagnosis - brushing up on mental illness research and data to improve diagnoses . As an outspoken advocate for mental health and suicide prevention who advocates loudly about the importance of seeking help , Nic aims to raise awareness about the importance of GPs - the front-line of any mental health help and diagnosis - brushing up on mental illness research and data to improve diagnoses . ` I 'd also love to see people seeking help , talking about it and not being afraid , humiliated or ashamed . It 's the only way to reduce stigma and make it not a big scary shameful thing . ` You 're not a freak , a lot of people have these feelings and we 're only doing ourselves a disservice by pretending we do n't have problems , and they 're actually really treatable . ' Nic Newling 's full story can be viewed on ABC 's Australian Story on Monday April 13 , 8 pm . Missing Christopher , an award winning novel about Nic 's brother written by his mother Jayne , can be found here . If you or someone you know needs assistance , call Lifeline on 13 11 14 .