Every weekend , Sportsmail tallies up the match ratings handed out by our team of reporters to bring you the Barclays Premier League team of the day . Eden Hazard leads the way this weekend , having powered Chelsea to a vital , narrow win against Manchester United as they hunt down the Premier League title . He is joined by two team-mates from Jose Mourinho 's champions-elect . Craig Gardner starred as Tony Pulis ' West Bromwich Albion side gave him a winning return to Crystal Palace , even despite the efforts of in-form Palace winger Yannick Bolasie . Everton claimed a win over struggling Burnley , Stoke City saw off Southampton and Leonardo Ulloa scored to continue Leicester City 's late surge against Swansea City . GOALKEEPER . Tom Heaton 7.5 -LRB- Everton vs BURNLEY -RRB- . Burnley might have lost at Goodison Park but goalkeeper Tom Heaton was in no way to blame , producing a string of saves to keep Everton to just one goal in a narrow defeat . The performance was topped off with a penalty save from Ross Barkley and his showing bodes well for Burnley 's hopes of a great escape . Tom Heaton produced a string of saves against Everton and saved Ross Barkley 's penalty . DEFENCE . Seamus Coleman 7.5 -LRB- EVERTON vs Burnley -RRB- . Seamus Coleman was key to Everton 's win over Burnley , laying on the only goal of the game for Kevin Mirallas and helping to keep a clean sheet . And it was Coleman who was fouled by Ashley Barnes to reduce Burnley to 10 men on the stroke of half-time in an all-action showing . Seamus Coleman was key to Everton 's win over Burnley , laying on the only goal of the game on Saturday . John Terry 7 -LRB- CHELSEA vs Manchester United -RRB- . Defences across the country have found it impossible to cope with Manchester United of late , but a John Terry-marshalled Chelsea kept them out to take another step towards the Premier League title . The Blues skipper bullied Radamel Falcao out of the game at Stamford Bridge and helped to limit United to just two shots on target . A John Terry-marshalled Chelsea kept outut Manchester United to take another step towards the title . Philipp Wollscheid 7 -LRB- STOKE CITY vs Southampton -RRB- . A classy performance from the German centre back kept Graziano Pelle and Dusan Tadic quiet in a win over Southampton . A newcomer to the Premier League , Philipp Wollscheid revels in the physicality of English-style defending and he dominated in defence for Stoke . Philipp Wollscheid revels in the physicality of English-style defending and he dominated in defence for Stoke . Luke Shaw 7 -LRB- Chelsea vs MANCHESTER UNITED -RRB- . Drafted in to replace Daley Blind , Luke Shaw proved to be Manchester United 's most penetrative attacking threat in a game they dominated against Chelsea . Shaw was rarely tested defensively and took plenty of opportunities to go forward . His cutback should have seen Wayne Rooney open the scoring . Luke Shaw proved to be Manchester United 's most penetrative attacking threat in a game they dominated . MIDFIELD . Aaron Lennon 8 -LRB- EVERTON vs Burnley -RRB- . Enjoying his football and finding form again at Everton , it was another good weekend for Aaron Lennon . The Tottenham loanee won a penalty in a man-of-the-match display at Goodison Park . It was another good weekend for Aaron Lennon , who won a penalty for Everton against Burnley . Craig Gardner 7.5 -LRB- Crystal Palace vs WEST BROMWICH ALBION -RRB- . Craig Gardner 's beautiful 30-yard curler sealed victory for West Brom away at one of the Premier League 's in-form sides . His solid passing in midfield helped to put a stop to Crystal Palace 's free-flowing style as Tony Pulis enjoyed a winning return to Selhurst Park . Craig Gardner 's beautiful 30-yard curler sealed victory for West Brom away at Crystal Palace on Saturday . Eden Hazard 8.5 -LRB- CHELSEA vs Manchester United -RRB- . Made the difference in a big game again . Eden Hazard was a constant outlet for Chelsea 's midfield and he slotted between David de Gea 's legs for a decisive goal . Hazard 's form seems to make him a nailed-on bet for the Player of the Year prizes come the end of the season . Eden Hazard was a constant outlet for Chelsea and he slotted between David de Gea 's legs for a goal . Yannick Bolasie 8 -LRB- CRYSTAL PALACE vs West Bromwich Albion -RRB- . Yannick Bolasie was not as successful this week as he was with his hat-trick against Sunderland last time around , but still a threat to West Brom with his pace and power . Every attack for Palace seemed to come down the left and he was denied a deserved goal when Boaz Myhill clawed away his bicycle kick . Yannick Bolasie was not as successful this week as he was last week but he was still a threat with his pace . FORWARDS . Leonardo Ulloa 7 -LRB- LEICESTER CITY vs Swansea City -RRB- . Leonardo Ulloa 's first goal in the Premier League since Boxing Day brought another victory in the fight for survival . Only starting after David Nugent was injured in the warm-up , he saw another effort land on the roof of the net , leading the line on a difficult afternoon for the hosts . Leonardo Ulloa 's first goal in the Premier League since Boxing Day crowned a good line-leading performance . Mame Biram Diouf 7 -LRB- STOKE CITY vs Southampton -RRB- . A second-half comeback for Stoke was led by Mame Biram Diouf , who slammed home an equaliser against Southampton just after half-time . A genuine presence upfront and a constant thorn in the side of the usually excellent Southampton defence . A second-half comeback for Stoke was led by Mame Biram Diouf , who slammed home the equaliser .