An Iranian cleric is teaching his followers that thinking about another woman while having sex with your wife will make your children gay . Ayatollah Hossein Dehnavi , a celebrity preacher in Iran , made the speech to a packed auditorium of men and women in his home country . It is the latest controversial teaching put forward by Dehnavi , who also warned that if women did not wear the hijab - the veil covering the hair and chest - properly , they could inadvertently cause some men to become homosexual . Islamic cleric Dehnavi is a celebrity in his native Iran , giving speeches on relationships and family values . While thinking about another woman while having sex with your wife is not a sin , the Iranian ayatollah preaches , if she becomes pregnant it will mean the child will be gay . Homosexuality is punishable by death in the state . On past occasions He has preached that women must provide sex to their husbands at all times - and said women who are better educated or are financially independent ` harm men 's authority ' . ` One of the other duties of women in regard to their men is to take care of their men 's instinctive needs -LSB- sexual drive -RSB- ' , the cleric said in a report by The Clarion Project , an organisation against extremism . ` Do not break their pride and -LSB- you must -RSB- be more sensitive toward them ' During another speech , the ayatollah explain that it is not a sin for a man to think about another woman while he is having sex with his partner , but if she becomes pregnant as a result the child will be gay . Incorrectly wearing the hijab , Dehnavi also warns , could lead to some men becoming homosexual . Hundreds of women attend the lectures and speeches of the Muslim cleric , whose is also regularly shown on state TV . The statements , thought to have been made in 2012 and 2013 , came to light after being shared by Gay Star News this week . Homosexual acts are punishable by death in Iran , with gay and lesbian people forced to hide their sexuality . A man involved in the ` dominant ' role in sodomy faces being flogged up to 100 times if he is unmarried and the sex is consensual , while the man playing the ` passive ' can still be put to death regardless of his marriage status , according to a report in The Guardian . Lesbians faced being whipped 100 times , but sex between two women can also lead to the death penalty if the act is committed four times . Following his teachings , Dehavni says , will ultimately lead to ` peace on earth ' . In another speech he controversially suggested that women should always be sexually available for their husbands . Men become ` saturated ' if they have too much sex , Dehavni warns - suggesting becoming intimate once or twice a week is enough . He also says women can make their husbands aroused by showing off their armpits . Dehavni is a celebrated cleric in Iran , whose speeches on family life and marital affairs are shown on state TV and who people queue up for tickets to see him speak live , according to Iran Wire . The 53-year-old grandfather has himself been married for 30 years . In other speeches he warns Iranian couples not to have too much sex : ' . . only once or twice a week , not every day . Otherwise the wan will become saturated . ' He also suggests paler women wear black underwear and show off the most attractive parts of their bodies - their armpits and chest - to entice their husbands . By perfecting the art of lovemaking , he suggests , couples will have bigger families with strong Muslim values which will ultimately lead to peace on earth .