Family and friends who travelled from around the world for an Australian bride 's wedding instead face having to attend her funeral after she was allegedly murdered just a week before her big day . Stephanie Scott , 26 , was due marry her partner of five years , Aaron Leeson-Woolley , in front of 120 guests in a small town in New South Wales this Saturday . But the English and drama teacher vanished on Sunday while excitedly making final preparations for the wedding . Now police have charged a man with her murder despite not having found her body , leaving her loved ones with the devastating task of continuing the search and making funeral arrangements . Scroll down for video . Friends and family of murdered Stephanie Scott were flying in from around the world to be at her big day , but now face the devastating task of planning her funeral after a man was charged with her murder . ` So in love ' : Stephanie Scott , pictured with her fiancé Aaron Leeson-Woolley , was last seen on Easter Sunday . Mystery disappearance : Ms Scott 's car was found by police on Thursday , 7 km outside of the town of Griffith . The wedding guests who had flown in from as far as Europe and the Middle East . For days , the sisters of the missing bride-to-be posted desperate Facebook messages asking friends and strangers if anyone had seen her . But on Thursday morning , as it emerged 24-year-old cleaner Vincent Stanford had been charged with her murder , the pleas for help turned to heartbreaking tributes . ` Always and forever in our hearts . That he ca n't take away from us , ' posted Robyn Scott , along with a photo of Stephanie smiling with a water pistol in a sunny backyard . ` That 's ours to keep forever and always . ' Family say the English and drama teacher was ` so in love ' ahead of what would have been one of the happiest days of her life before she vanished on Easter Sunday . Murdered Stephanie Scott 's sister Robyn posted a tribute along with a photo of Stephanie smiling with a water pistol in a sunny backyard . Stephanie 's Facebook profile photo shows her on a wine tour in Canberra last month for her hen party . She was smiling and wearing a veil and ` Bride-to-be ' sash after she got engaged to Aaron in Thailand , sharing a photo of her sparkling ring with her family . In the weeks before she disappeared , she was also anticipating the arrival of her sister Kim Scott who was flying in from Abu Dhabi to attend her big day . ` Righto Stephanie , I 'm about to board my flight . I 'm expecting good news when I switch my phone on in Sydney . I love you . Xxx , ' she posted on Facebook . But after arriving in Perth and while making her way to Sydney on Monday , she got the devastating news that her younger sister had gone missing . Her family knew there was no way Stephanie had got ` cold feet ' and her sister said ` she just would n't run away ' . Stephanie Scott is pictured here in Canberra last month on a wine tour for her hen 's party with her mother Merrilyn . Stephanie got engaged to Aaron in Thailand , sharing a photo of her sparkling ring with her family . On Wednesday , Ms Scott 's fiancé thanked people for their ` outstanding ' support in trying to find her . Desperate family and friends have flooded social media with dozens of messages about their search for the Leeton High School drama and English teacher . Kim told Daily Mail Australia that Stephanie had spent the Easter weekend picking up last-minute things for her wedding and honeymoon to Tahiti . She also sent a text message a month before her April 11 wedding date saying she was ` so freakin excited ' . ` She spent -LSB- Saturday -RSB- shopping for her honeymoon . She 'd driven to Griffith in the morning to get cuff links for the boys , and a bikini for the honeymoon , ' Kim said . Ms Scott was set to wed Mr Leeson-Woolley , at the picturesque Eat Your Greens venue in Eugowra , a tiny town in the Central West region of New South Wales , this Saturday . Stephanie was last seen at her workplace , Leeton High School in Leeton , 550 km west of Sydney , at 11 am on Easter Sunday . She was at the school to organise work for her students to do while she was away . Stephanie had texted Aaron at 10 am about her plans for the morning and got a pair of keys from a school colleague at 11 am , but when he tried to call her at midday there was no answer . Ms Scott -LRB- left -RRB- pictured with her sister Kim Scott -LRB- right -RRB- who said she spent Sunday morning picking up last-minute things for her wedding and honeymoon to Tahiti . A month before her planned April 11 wedding she texted her sister to say she was ` so freakin excited ' Family had travelled from all over the world to western NSW for her wedding this Saturday . From left are family members Robert , Stuart , Gordon , Stephanie , Robyn , Kim and Merrilyn . At 12.59 pm on Sunday afternoon , she sent an e-mail from the school to a bus company arranging transport for guests for her upcoming wedding this Saturday . That was her last known activity . On Sunday afternoon , Aaron - who had been visiting his parents in Canowindra three and a half hours away - was due to meet Stephanie for dinner in Leeton at 7 pm , but she never showed up . He told the ABC : ` I 've been with her for five years and ... -LSB- her disappearance is -RSB- just out of the blue , out of character for her . ` It is the worst thing I have ever been through . You ca n't eat and you ca n't sleep , ' mother Merrilyn Scott told AAP on Wednesday . ` I think today , if we do n't find her today ... you ca n't let yourself think about it but you do . ' Their wedding was planned to take place at the Eat Your Greens function centre in the NSW town of Eugowra . Kim Scott said her sister had designed the invitations and handmade pots for the reception table placements . Her family have now begun the heartbreaking task of cancelling arrangements for the wedding and have joined friends in search surrounding roads in and around Leeton . ` It 's cold and we are running out of days , ' Mrs Scott said . Her parents , who should have been preparing for her wedding then changed their plans to hire a helicopter to join the desperate search for their daughter . While police still do n't know her whereabouts , her car has now been found 7 km outside of Griffith and police are searching nearby waterways for her body . Police still do not know the whereabouts of 26-year-old Ms Scott , who was last seen at Leeton High School . Family say the 26-year-old is ` so in love ' with her fiancé and quickly shot down speculation she had cold feet . A Department of Education spokesman said counselling is being made available to Leeton High School staff , and will be offered to students on the students ' return to school . They have also arrested Vincent Stanford who is expected to appear before Griffith Local Court later today charged with Ms Scott 's murder . On Wednesday , police released an image of the car Stephanie was travelling in , a red Mazda 3 sedan with the NSW registration BZ-19-CD . Police are asking for anyone who may have seen an older model , white Toyota Hilux space-cab 2WD with a canopy travelling in or around Leeton since Sunday to come forward with information . Anyone with information should call Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000 or Griffith Police on 6969 4310 . Ms Scott 's sister Kim had flown to Australia from Abu Dhabi for the wedding , only to learn of her disappearance when she arrived . Her sister Kim -LRB- centre -RRB- said she Ms Scott -LRB- right -RRB- the weekend picking up last-minute things for her wedding and honeymoon to Tahiti with her fiance -LRB- left -RRB- . Saturday April 4 : Stephanie Scott drives 45 minutes to nearby Griffith to pick up cuff links for the groomsmen and a bikini for her honeymoon to Tahiti . Saturday 1 pm : A friend sees Ms Scott at Woolworths in Leeton . Saturday 7 pm : Ms Scott talks to her sister Robyn on the phone for 55 minutes , expressing how excited she is about her upcoming wedding . Sunday 10 am : She texts her fiancé Aaron Leeson-Woolley to tell him about her plans for the morning . Sunday 11 am : Ms Scott meets a colleague at her workplace - Leeton High School - to pick up a set of keys . Sunday midday : Mr Leeson-Woolley tries to call Ms Scott but she does not answer . Sunday 12.59 pm : Ms Scott sends an email from the school to the bus company she has hired for her wedding . Sunday 7 pm : Ms Scott fails to show up for a planned dinner date with her fiancé in Leeton . Monday 3 pm : Mr Leeson-Woolley reports to police that Ms Scott is missing . Monday 4 pm : Family members start posting on Facebook asking for help in locating Ms Scott . Tuesday 11.54 am : 48 hours after she was last seen , police appeal for public assistance to locate Ms Scott , saying they are investigating the circumstances surrounding her disappearance . Tuesday afternoon : Police door knock houses in the area surrounding Leeton High School . Tuesday night : Police search the school . Wednesday 8.37 am : Ms Scott 's sister Kim , who fears her car may have rolled of the road , asks public to help search along roads in the area . Wednesday 11.12 am : Police release an image of a car similar to Ms Scott 's missing red Mazda 3 sedan . Wednesday afternoon : Family hire a helicopter to search the area for her car . Wednesday 7.30 pm : Police arrest a 24-year-old man at his home on Maiden Avenue in Leeton . He is expected to be charged with Ms Scott 's murder . Ms Scott was last seen at her workplace , Leeton High School -LRB- pictured -RRB- , about 11 am Easter Sunday . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .