Sam Allardyce has revealed the reason behind his furious rant at fourth official Robert Madley towards the end of West Ham 's defeat at Manchester City on Sunday . The Hammers boss was incensed that Eliaquim Mangala was not penalised for a foul against Stewart Downing , who managed to stay on his feet despite a late challenge from City 's £ 32million defender . Referee Anthony Taylor took no action as the ball ran out of play and an animated Allardyce vented his fury towards Madley on the touchline . Sam Allardyce gives fourth official Robert Madley a piece of his mind during West Ham 's defeat . The Hammers boss also screams at the linesman during the 2-0 loss to Manchester City . Allardyce snarls in frustration alongside Manuel Pellegrini from the touchline at the Etihad . The Upton Park boss launched a tirade at the fourth official before eventually sharing a smile with him . Allardyce can not resist taking an extended pop at Madley from the sidelines . It was highlighted on Match of the Day but the 60-year-old later questioned whether Downing had paid the price for his honesty instead of taking a fall and earning his team a freekick . ` Everybody goes on about simulation and players cheating and doing this and that , ' said Allardyce . ` Mangala comes out and tries to clean out Stewart Downing . ` Downing stays on his feet and the assistant is one yard off and does n't flag for the foul . So what do I say to Stewart Downing ? `` For God 's sake dive on the floor and get a freekick ? '' Because we could put the freekick in and get a goal . ' Allardyce was unhappy with Downing for giving away possession in the build-up to City 's second goal scored by Sergio Aguero , having already conceded an own-goal from James Collins . Allardyce was aggrieved because a foul by Eliaquim Mangala on Stewart Downing -LRB- not pictured -RRB- was missed . Sergio Aguero finished off a fine move to hand the Champions a 2-0 win to get their season back on track . He added : ` The disappointing thing in the first half was the goals we gifted to City and the amount of possession we allowed ourselves to lose . ` The two mistakes we make for the goals , one was pretty bizarre and the other unexpected from a player as experienced as Stewart Downing . ` In the second half eventually changing the system got us going forward , and when we create as good chances as those for Enner Valencia and Kevin Nolan we have to convert them . But the most disappointing thing was the goals we gifted City . '