Shia paramilitary fighters looting and setting fire to buildings in Tikrit are ` out of control ' , an official said . Ahmed al-Karim , head of the Salahuddin provincial council , said the fighters had burnt ` hundreds of houses ' in the last two days . It comes as Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi ordered Iraqi forces to oppose vandalism in the city of Tikrit , retaken from the Islamic State group this week , and arrest those responsible . Scroll down for video . Shia paramilitary fighters looting and setting fire to buildings in Tikrit are ` out of control ' , an official said . Above , black smoke rises from burning shops . Mr Karim , who left for Baghdad late on Friday afternoon due to the chaos , said houses and shops were being burnt and fighters were stealing everything from inside them . ` Our city was burnt in front of our eyes . We ca n't control what is going on , ' he said . Security and military forces were ordered to ` deal with cases of vandalism ' carried out by gangs seeking to tarnish the achievements of government forces and allied paramilitaries , a statement released by the prime minister 's office said . Mr Abadi also called on ` forces located in Tikrit to arrest everyone who carries out such acts , and preserve properties and facilities in Salahuddin province . ' A Shia fighter smiles as he celebrates with his comrades a day after victory in the month-long battle to retake the northern Iraqi city from Islamic State . Shia fighters from the Popular Mobilisation units and Iraqi security forces maintain security in Tikrit , on April 1 . Above , a fire rages through a building . Militiamen have also spray-painted the names of their groups on homes and other buildings , officials added . Militiamen have spray-painted the names of their groups on homes , shops and other buildings , and also looted clothing and toiletries from shops . They also admitted to intentionally burning houses in other recaptured areas that were believed to have been used by IS or to belong to its supporters . Policemen from the rapid response forces have written graffiti on walls in Tikrit as well . A number of homes and businesses were burning in Tikrit earlier this week , though at least some of the fires were apparently related to efforts to clear the city of bombs . Iraqi security forces secure a street in Tikrit earlier today . Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi ordered Iraqi forces to oppose vandalism in the city of Tikrit and arrest those responsible . Smoke rises by a destroyed building at one of Saddam Hussein 's palaces . At least some of the fires were related to efforts to clear the city of bombs . Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani , Iraq 's top Shia cleric who is revered by millions , also called on security forces and allied paramilitaries to ` preserve and guard citizens ' properties in areas that have been liberated . ' Doing so is a ` religious and national and moral duty , ' Sistani said in remarks read by his representative at Friday prayers in Karbala . ` It has an important role in encouraging those who have not yet decided to participate in liberating their areas to decide to participate , ' he said . ` This is an important gain for all . '