The woman who launched a social media campaign in a bid to return a sentimental ring which was discovered at a Bali resort has found the owner . Queensland resident Roxy Walsh took to her Facebook account after recovering the gold jewellery at the Finns Beach Club in Bali on Tuesday . The ring has what appears to be a family crest and engraved with a heartwarming message : ` Darling Joe , Happy 70th Birthday 2009 , Love Jenny ' . Fortunately , Ms Walsh said she has since been in contact with the owner and will be having breakfast with ` THE Joe and Jenny ' in Noosa on Sunday . The snorkeller who discovered a sentimental ring at a Bali resort has found the owner of the gold jewellery . ` I can not believe this , but WE have found Joe and Jenny !! ' Ms Walsh said on Friday . ` I have spoken to Joe and he is over the moon that this special ring has been found and I am personally handing it back this weekend . ` What a crazy couple of days with an even crazier ending . One of the best things ever !!!!! ' It 's unknown when the ring was lost or where the couple are from . But revelations on social media suggest the pair are from the Sunshine Coast in Queensland . Queensland resident Roxy Walsh recovered the gold jewellery at the Finns Beach Club in Bali on Tuesday . Ms Walsh said she will be meeting with the pair this weekend to return the sentimental ring . Ms Walsh , from Palm Beach has also gotten the ring clean ahead of her meet with the couple on Sunday . The incredible outcome comes after Ms Walsh , from Palm Beach discovered the hidden treasure while snorkelling in Bali this week . ` So here 's a super long shot , ' Queensland resident Roxy Walsh wrote on Facebook . ` Found this gold ring snorkelling at Finns Beach Club in Bali today -LRB- April 7 -RRB- . ' Daily Mail Australia has contacted Roxy Walsh for comment . After attracting an overwhelming response from the public , she decided to set up a separate Facebook page called ` Find Joe and Jenny ' . Nearly 4000 users have joined the page as they follow the journey of reuniting the ring back to its ' mystery owner . The post has been shared more than 128,000 times , taking the search for the special ring global . ` Sometimes hear of these things finding their way home so worth a shot , ' Ms Walsh wrote . Roxy Walsh shared a photo of a gold ring she found on Facebook in the hope of finding its owner . Roxy Walsh -LRB- pictured in Bali -RRB- found the ring while snorkelling at Finns Beach Club in Bali on April 7 .