Amir Khan has admitted he does not know who he will fight on May 30 , despite announcing Chris Algieri as his opponent last week . Khan has been criticised on social media after rejecting a potential £ 5million pay day against Kell Brook at Wembley on June 13 . And reports in America suggested television network Showtime were not interested in showing a fight between him and Algieri . Scroll down for video . Amir Khan has admitted his next opponent has not been confirmed despite saying it would be Chris Algieri . Algieri lost every round to Manny Pacquiao when he took on the Filipino star last November . ` I made the video on YouTube because we thought the fight with Chris Algieri was a done deal , ' Khan told The Sweet Science . ` But I have been speaking with my team and there are some more options on the table . ` We could make an announcement in another couple of days . My opponent for on May 30 has not been confirmed . Nothing has been agreed upon . ' Khan said he will not be fighting Adrien Broner despite the brash American calling him out on Twitter while Miguel Cotto was another name ruled out . Khan also insisted he ca n't fight Brook in June because of Ramadan and hit back at his fellow Brit . Kell Brook lands a punch on Jo Jo Dan as he eased to victory against his mandatory challenger . Brook is desperate to fight Khan but his fellow Brit has rejected the chance to face him at Wembley in June . ` Eddie -LRB- Hearn , Brook 's promoter -RRB- and Kell are fooling the fans and the media , ' he added . ` Look at my last 10 opponents and look at Kell 's . All I want is Kell to prove himself fighting A-list fighters , like I have done . Right now , he is just riding on my back . He is riding my name . ' World champion Brook returned to action last weekend - seven months after he was stabbed in Tenerife - to beat mandatory challenger Jo Jo Dan inside four rounds . And the Sheffield welterweight is hoping to fight again at the O2 in London on May 30 with stablemate and countryman Frankie Gavin a possible opponent . Gavin has been ordered to face Timothy Bradley for the right to face Brook by the IBF but could go straight into a fight against the champion .