It looks like something out of a science fiction film but this modern mansion is nestled in prehistoric Australian rainforest and suspended over it 's own lake ... Just watch out for crocodiles . On the market for an enormous $ 15 million , this property is located within 73 acres of Daintree Rainforest and fringes over 600 metres of Far North Queensland beachfront . Whilst it 's unusual design resembles an alien spaceship , the home was inspired by an Australian stamp , with six bedroom pods placed at the end of six fingers . A mansion that resembles an alien spaceship in the rain forest of Far North Queensland is on the market for $ 15 million . It was designed by architect Charles Wright and won The Australian Institute of Architects House of the Year for Queensland in 2014 . Although resembling a spaceship , it was actually inspired by stamps with the pool even being modelled off the ` One Pound Jimmy ' Stamp . The property boasts six bedrooms , six bathrooms , five balconies , a 2400 bottle cellar and a helipad 100 metres from the house . The six bedrooms are placed in pods at the end of each ` arm ' of the house , with five fitted with their own balconies . Designed by Port Douglas architect Charles Wright , the property won The Australian Institute of Architects House of the Year for Queensland in 2014 . Although it has been on the market for over a year , real estate agents believe this is the year the property will sell . According to the Cairns Post , Raine and Horne Port Douglas Mossman agent David Cotton feels confident 2015 will be the year for the unique home to find owners . The property , called ` Alkira , ' which is Aboriginal for bright and sunny , features six bedrooms , six bathrooms , five balconies and three garage spots . Located at 3726 Cape Tribulation Rd in Daintree , Queensland , the house and land is the only place in the world where two World Heritage listings intersect . It has been on the market for over a year , but Port Douglas real estate agents believe this is the year the property will sell . The property , called ` Alkira , ' which is Aboriginal for bright and sunny was a tiresome five years in the making . The home is suspended over a man made lake and looks as if it is sitting on a lily pad , creating a unique experience . At 3726 Cape Tribulation Rd in Daintree , Queensland , the property is the only place in the world where two World Heritage listings intersect . The Daintree is located 111 kilometres north of Cairns and contains over 1200 square kilometres of rainforest . The Great Barrier Reef and the Wet Tropics World Heritage Area are both covered by the expanse of the land and make for ethereal surroundings . Private boardwalks are strewn through the jungle-like terrain and facilitate the viewing of the rarest form of vine forest found in the Wet Tropics Heritage area . The property also boasts a helipad , located 100 metres from the house , for those who want to arrive a bit quicker than the two hour drive from Cairns international airport . The home was five years in the making and recently hit the small screen when it appeared on ` Better Homes and Gardens . ' It 's unusual design has placed the enormous house on a man-made lake and appears to float like a lily pad with it 's arms outstretched . The stainless steel Miele kitchen is fitted with state of the art appliances , containing electric Teppanyaki grills , barbeques and a Pyrolytic Oven . Raine and Horne Port Douglas Mossman agent David Cotton feels confident that 2015 will be the year for the unique home to find owners . Alkira is also fitted out with rare local rainforest timbers , Chillagoe marble and an enormous open air theatre . Alkira harvests rainwater from the entire roofline of the house and deposits it into a 250 kilolitre tank buried underground . The Daintree is located 111 kilometres north of Cairns and contains over 1200 square kilometres of rainforest . This makes it the largest continuous rainforest in Australia . While the modern appearance screams advanced utilities , its innovative design also allows the property to utilise natural resources . Alkira harvests rainwater from the entire roofline of the house and deposits it into a 250 kilolitre tank buried underground in the centre of the house . The water reservoir acts as a massive cooling device and along with solar paneling along the roofline , the property is vastly eco-friendly . The Great Barrier Reef and the Wet Tropics World Heritage Area are both covered by the expanse of the land . The Chillagoe marble is a natural stone found locally in Cairns and is strewn throughout the home . Private boardwalks are strewn through the jungle-like terrain and facilitate the viewing of the rarest form of vine forest . This water reservoir acts as a massive cooling device and along with solar paneling along the roofline , the property is vastly eco-friendly while still being kept at a comfortable temperature all year round . The stainless steel Miele kitchen is fitted with state of the art appliances , containing electric Teppanyaki grills , barbeques , a Pyrolytic Oven with a rotisserie and a custom walk-in cool room . For the wine lovers , a wine cellar with room for 2400 bottles and is temperature-controlled is at your fingertips . Alkira is also fitted out with rare local rainforest timbers , Chillagoe marble and an enormous open air theatre with an 84 inch LED TV and surround sound .