When Barcelona midfield maestro Xavi came on as a half-time substitute against PSG in the Champions League quarter-final on Tuesday night he sent records tumbling . The former Spain international played for 148th time in the competition , more than any other player since the tournament changed to its current format in 1992 . Xavi also set the record for the most appearances in the knockout phase of the Champions League having now featured in 53 matches in the latter stages . Xavi made his 148th Champions League appearance against PSG on Tuesday night . Former Spain international Xavi shares a joke with his former team-mate Zlatan Ibrahimovic after the game . They are not records that the 35-year-old is likely to hold on his own for long , however . Real Madrid goalkeeper Iker Casillas is in line to equal Xavi 's total in both Champions League games and knockout matches when Carlo Ancelotti 's side take on Atletico in the second leg of their quarter-final on Wednesday night . While , Casillas ' team-mate Cristiano Ronald will join Xavi on 53 knockout appearances if , as expected , he plays against Atletico . Former world champion Xavi also became the leading appearance-maker in all European competition with 170 . Xavi celebrates with his team-mates after Barcelona won the Champions League in 2009 . Xavi -LRB- centre front -RRB- lines up for a Champions League clash against Manchester United in 1998 . Barcelona 's safe passage to the semi-final was secured with a 2-0 win against the French champions as Neymar Jnr netted twice in the first half at the Nou Camp to give the Catalans a 5-1 aggregate win . Their progression gives Xavi the opportunity to play a further three times in the Champions League this season , should Barca reach the final . This is likely to be the midfielder 's last season playing in the competition as he continues to be linked with a summer move to Qatari club Al Sadd , with reports in Spain suggesting he will sign a three-year deal . Real Madrid goalkeeper Iker Casillas can equal Xavi 's Champions League appearances - all time and in the knockout phase - if he faces Atletico on Wednesday night . Cristiano Ronaldo will also draw level with Xavi for knockout stage appearances if he features on Wednesday . Casillas , meanwhile , has to help Real Madrid overcome their local rivals at the Bernabeu if he is to have any chance of adding to his appearances this season . Though the Spain goalkeeper is almost certain to pass his former international team-mate next season . Casillas has been linked with a move away from Real Madrid but joining a club playing in the Champions League would be a prerequisite for the experienced keeper .