She 's done a very good job at keeping her personal life under wraps for many years . But on Monday Stana Katic left a big cat out of the bag - she has married longtime boyfriend , business consultant Kris Brkljac , who she is hardly ever seen with in public . The walk down the aisle took place on the same weekend as the Castle star 's 37th birthday . Scroll down for video . Married ! Stana Katic and business consultant Kris Brkljac , spotted at the 2012 Elton John Academy Awards viewing party in LA in February 2012 , wed in Croatia over the weekend . It 's official : Soon after they said ` I do , ' the two shared this image of their wedding rings . The couple married ` in a private family monastery on the Dalmatian coast , ' the actress 's rep told People . The Dalmatian coast is in Croatia , where her parents are from . The star grew up in Canada . Soon after they said ` I do , ' the two shared a black-and-white image of their wedding rings . She is off the market : The 37-year-old actress at the Independent Spirit Awards in February . Shop Chloe Resort on matchesfashion.com . Visit site . Chloe is at it again with their floaty , bohemian red carpet ready couture they do so well . This time it comes in a substantial black silken sheath with a smear of colorful embroidery outlined in a soft fringe . Stana Katic nailed it with her simple sandals and gold bangle that brings out all the brighter elements of this dress . Nobody knows effortless more than Chloe and this selection from the 2015 Resort collection is the perfect choice for someone who wants to make a statement without all the fuss and polish . As if the dress ' exotic embroidery alone was n't enough for us to raid the savings account , POCKETS CERTAINLY ARE and with that goes all our summer vacation fund . It 's worth it though . For similar selections , look through our links below . Sprio maxi on revolveclothing.com . Visit site . Kensie maxi now at Zappos.com . Visit site . Plus size black maxi with embroidery from DHstyles.com . Visit site . Scarf print crepe de chine maxi at Nordstrom . Visit site . She was often rumoured to be dating her Castle co-star Nathan Fillion , who her character married on the show . But the couple were never an item , according to Stanic . Her last Instagram post was not about her wedding , however , but about her show Castle , which wrapped production on season seven recently . It is not known if the cop series will get an eighth season . Katic told TV Line she would be fine with the show ending if it needed to . ` If the character is complete , if there is nowhere else to go creatively , then I think it 's better to stop when you 're on top , ' the beauty said . ` So for me it 's about art over finance , and as long as we 're creating something that is compelling and that has somewhere to go , then we 're good to go . ' A big success : The actress -LRB- center -RRB- with -LRB- left -RRB- Nathan Fillion on a March 30 episode of Castle . On Twitter she has made it seem like the end is near : ` Proud of all we 've accomplished . Grateful 4 being part of the ride . ' The season seven finale of Castle airs May 11 . Stana got her first big break in the James Bond film , 2008 's Quantum Of Solace . The For Lovers Only star has been shooting the romance The Tourist with Marco Bonini and Brett Dalton , not to be confused with the Angelina Jolie and Johnny Depp movie of the same name . Her TV wedding : Stana and Nathan in their wedding scene from Castle : the two were often rumoured to be romantically linked , but they were only together in that way on-screen . Off camera : The Canadian beauty with her her TV half at The Paley Center in 2012 .