Terry Richardson is both one of the most famous and most controversial photographers in the fashion industry . Known as much for his racy - often pornographic - photo shoots as he is for the sexual assault allegations that have been made against him . And this week he faced accusations from the model Kate Upton that he had released footage of her dancing in a bikini without her permission . Scroll down for video . In a new interview with Vogue Kate Upton has revealed that the photographer Terry Richardson released footage of her dancing in a bikini in a video called ` Cat Daddy ' without her permission . In an excerpt from an interview Kate did with Vogue in June 2014 , it was claimed that Kate was not happy with Terry for releasing the ` Cat Daddy ' footage which has been viewed more than 22 million times . In the one-minute-long film , which played a huge part in Kate 's rise to fame , and which was uploaded to YouTube two years ago , Kate is seen dancing seductively in a tiny red string bikini - the model says the film was not meant to be for public consumption . Alexa Chung writes in Vogue : ` Terry Richardson found himself on the receiving end of her wrath in May 2012 , when he uploaded his now infamous video of Upton in a teeny-weeny bikini doing the Cat Daddy , a dance craze that appears to involve a lot of grinding , `` paws '' aloft . ` The video received millions of hits on YouTube - not to mention a number of slow-motion versions for the more discerning customer - but , at the time , Upton was horrified because the behind-the-scenes video had been filmed for fun , not something she expected would make the final cut . ' Terry has worked with Miley Cyrus -LRB- left -RRB- and Kim Kardashian -LRB- right -RRB- shooting them in his New York studio . Terry sat front row at the Alexander Wang fashion show in September 2013 alongside Kanye West . When asked about the situation Kate said : ` I was like , `` That was disrespectful , you could have told me ! '' . ' But Upton also adds that there 's no bad blood over the YouTube video anymore . ` Now , obviously , it 's fine . ' However this is not the first time that the 49-year-old photographer who has shot everyone from Miley Cyrus to Kim Kardashian in his New York studio has faced controversy . In fact , to say Richarson 's reputation precedes him would be an understatement . He is the man who the Guardian once referred to as ` fashion 's shameful secret ' . Known to many as ` Uncle Terry , ' one of his more controversial shots includes a woman giving a man - thought to be Terry - fellatio whilst he is dressed as a horse . Further sexual shots show Richardson completely nude dressed as the devil and with models who are sexually stimulating him with their hands or mouths . Terry is a regular on the red carpet at some of the biggest event sin the world , he is pictured here heading into the Vanity Fair Oscar 's party . Indeed it 's been more than ten years since Terry first hit the headlines for his questionable behaviour . In 2004 an intern named ` Alex ' was photographed performing oral sex on the photographer while wearing a tiara labelled ` slut ' , something which the Terry described at the time as , ` It 's Sesame Street ! ' Then in 2009 , a model called Sena Cech claimed that Terry 's assistant had asked her to give him a handjob , apparently telling her : ` Sena , can you grab his c *** and twist it real hard ? He likes it when you squeeze it real hard and twist it . ' In 2010 a model named Rie Rasmussen confronted Terry at a party in Paris after he placed pictures of her next to underage models in his book - in America , models under the age of 18 are considered underage . She said : ` He takes girls who are young , manipulates them to take their clothes off and takes pictures of them they will be ashamed of . ` They are too afraid to say no because their agency booked them on the job and are too young to stand up for themselves . ' Terry poses with Pharrell Williams -LRB- left -RRB- and James Franco -LRB- right -RRB- doing his signature thumbs up pose . Terry is good friends with Lady Gaga who has previously starred in his risque shoots - the pair were spotted hanging out together in New York in 2010 . Furthermore in 2010 one of the most disturbing allegations was made against Richardson . One model named Jamie Peck revealed that when she was 19 she worked with the photographer on two separate occasions . Jamie said that the second time she had her period and Terry asked ` to take my tampon out for him to play with . `` I love tampons ! '' he said , in that psychotically upbeat way that temporarily convinces so many girls that what 's fun for Uncle Terry is fun for them . ' She refers to the fact that Terry wanted to make ` Tampon tea , ' with her used sanitary product . Jamie revealed that she also sexually stimulated the photographer with her hand and was encouraged to do so not only by Terry but by his team after he took all of his clothes off . Terry once told the Observer of his shoots : ` A lot of it starts with me saying to a girl , `` Do you want to do nudes ? '' And they 're like , `` I do n't want to be naked '' . ` So I say , `` I 'll be naked and you take the pictures . You can have the camera . You can have the phallus '' . ' Despite the allegations which have been levied against him Terry remains popular within the fashion industry pictured here with Ralph Lauren and Emmanuelle Alt . Last year model Sara Ziff spoke to Huffington Post Live about working with Terry and said : ` You are going to a casting to possibly shoot with him for Harper 's Bazaar , whose one of his clients . ` That 's a legitimate job , and he will ask you to take your clothes off for the casting and in some cases give him sexual favors . ` I have spoken with other models who have been in these situations , and he makes you feel like you 're being a prude or you are somehow weird if you are not willing to just go with the flow because it 's all cool . It 's all fine . ' She also revealed that there is a , ` ring of silence , ' in the fashion industry as young women feel pressured to keep quite in order to further their careers . Richardson rarely responds to the allegations levied against him , but in March 2014 - after a model posted a piece on Reddit including a string of sexual assault accusations he wrote an open letter for Page Six . Charlotte Waters claimed that during her shoot Terry became aggressive and it ` became sexual act after sexual act . ' Terry poses with Hilton sisters Paris -LRB- left -RRB- and Nicky -LRB- right -RRB- at the opening of his Terrywood exhibition in 2012 . In the letter , posted by the US gossip website , Richardson said that the accusations were ` false , ' ` hate filled libelous tales . ' He said : ` Enabled and protected by the freewheeling and often times anonymous nature of the Internet , people have become comfortable concocting hate-filled and libelous tales about my professional and personal lives . ` In writing this , I make a humble attempt at correcting these rumors , because I have come to realize that absent my voice in the conversation , all that remain are the lies . ' He said : ` I have never used an offer of work or a threat of rebuke to coerce someone into something that they did not want to do . ` I give everyone that I work with enough respect to view them as having ownership of their free will and making their decisions accordingly , and as such , it has been difficult to see myself as a target of revisionist history . ' The model Daisy Lowe has previously defended Terry saying : ` He just exudes this sexual energy , so he does n't need to ask girls to take off their clothes . Honestly , they just do it . ' Terry poses with troubled actress Lindsay Lohan . Terry 's lost numerous over the years and there are many people in the fashion industry who no longer work with him . These include shopping giants Target and h & m and brands such as Vogue , the New York Times and Equinox . The model Coco Rocha said in 2010 : ` I 've shot with -LSB- Terry Richardson -RSB- , but I did n't feel comfortable and I wo n't do it again . ' However Richardson remains popular within the celebrity circuit and is often seen partying with the likes of Kanye West and Pharrell Williams . And he still works with the likes of Harper 's Bazaar and brands such as Supreme and Yves Saint Laurent . Designer Marc Jacobs once defended Terry as being , ` not ill-spirited . ' Terry 's career as a photographer came after he failed to make it as a punk rock musician . He got his first big break in 1994 with a shoot for Vibe magazine . Since then he has enjoyed a stint living in London working for publications such as The Face and Arena but now shoots mainly from his studio in New York . The photographer has also directly music videos in his time . One of the most controversial was for Lady Gaga . Terry shot the video for Do What U Want a collaboration between Gaga and R Kelly last year , however , the project was later scrapped . TMZ later obtained a clip of the highly sexualised film which one anonymous source told the New York Post was , ` literally an ad for rape . ' The clip shows Gaga lying on a hospital bed , she is put under anesthetic by R Kelly who then fondles her body along with a series of models . MailOnline have contacted a representative for Terry for comment .