A mother has revealed the agony she felt when her two-year-old son toppled out of a window to his death , in a bid to make other families aware of the dangers in the home . Michelle Newman said all she heard was a ` pop ' and looked up to see her son James ' heels as he fell from the second floor of their condo in Las Vegas . The child had fallen out of the window , which had been propped open to let in the breeze , and died from his injuries . James Krainch was almost two-years-old when he toppled out of a second floor condo window and died . Michelle Newman visits James ' grave with her other children Kierah -LRB- centre -RRB- and Spencer -LRB- right -RRB- and said they play games at his grave , flying kites and laughing , so they can remember their brother in a positive way . ` When I got to his side , he gave me one last smile and then went unconscious , ' Mrs Newman told the Deseret News . On the ninth anniversary of his death Ms Newman visited her son 's grave with her two other children Spencer and Kierah Krainich to celebrate the life of their brother . ` A lot of times we 'll fly kites and we 'll play games , ' she said . ` We 'll do things I think James would have liked doing with us . ' James was 22 months and tumbled from the window because a screen was not strong enough to hold him . Ms Newman said James , who was 22 months old when he died , had fallen from the window as he was sat on the sofa , while she fed his younger brother who was then around six months old . The screen was not strong enough to prevent him from tumbling to the ground . Michelle Newman said she hopes by sharing her story other parents will safety proof their homes . She added : ` I just heard a pop and I looked over my shoulder and I just saw his heels as he toppled out the window , ' After he hit the ground James lost consciousness and was rushed to hospital . Doctors worked for hours to save his life , but he died on April 20 . The family eventually moved to Utah and Ms Newman split up with her husband and father to her children , Joe Krainch . She recently visited James ' grave at Larkin Sunset Gardens Cemetery in Sandy with his brother and sister to mark the ninth anniversary of his death . Ms Newman said she hopes her story will make people think twice about how they can make their homes safer for their children by not putting furniture close to windows . To try and cope with the agony of losing her son Ms Newman started a blog about him and her experience four years after his death . She previously told hold she still included James in the Christmas draw of names , with whoever received his name buying gifts he would have liked at that age and giving them to a child who needs them .