Steven Gerrard looked glum at Boujis nightclub in Kensington after being knocked out of the FA Cup on Sunday - and his Liverpool farewell tour is unlikely to have him breaking into a grin either . The Liverpool captain spent the evening in the VIP room with friends , knowing full well that defeat by Aston Villa at Wembley confirmed what he had feared all season : he would end his final year at Anfield without a trophy . Sunday 's loss means there will be no birthday FA Cup final for him on May 30 , while Chelsea 's victory over Manchester United in the Barclays Premier League made it mathematically impossible for Liverpool to catch the league leaders . Steven Gerrard is seen at Boujis nightclub in Kensington Sunday night after being knocked out of the FA Cup . Gerrard looked glum after it was confirmed he would end the season without a trophy before moving on . Gerrard climbs into a car outside the club in London as his Liverpool career winds down to a poor ending . Aston Villa 's players celebrate their victory at Wembley while Gerrard reflects on the pitch in defeat . Sunday April 25 : West Bromwich Albion -LRB- A -RRB- . Tuesday April 28 : Hull City -LRB- A -RRB- . Saturday May 2 : Queens Park Rangers -LRB- H -RRB- . Sunday May 10 : Chelsea -LRB- A -RRB- . Saturday May 16 : Crystal Palace -LRB- H -RRB- . Sunday May 24 : Stoke City -LRB- A -RRB- . As the curtain comes down on his 17 years in the Liverpool first-team , Gerrard has just six games left to play in a red shirt with little to play for and a fixture list that seem unlikely to bring his smile back . Among the opponents that late April and May bring are four teams in the bottom half of the Premier League table : West Bromwich Albion , Hull City , Queens Park Rangers and Crystal Palace . Towards the end of that run , a trip to champions-elect Chelsea beckons and then Gerrard is set to play his final game in England at the Britannia Stadium against Stoke City on May 24 , a dead-rubber that is unlikely to even be shown on television . While the supporters from the Kop will undoubtedly give their Champions League-winning captain a huge send off at Anfield against Palace on May 16 , it does give a sense of anti-climax after one of the finest careers seen in the Premier League era . Anything but a defeat against Arsenal for Chelsea would likely see them likely to be confirmed as champions before Gerrard comes to Stamford Bridge , and with a title party ongoing he will be reminded of the one prize that has eluded him throughout his career in England . Liverpool 's players , including their captain , were outclassed by Villa at Wembley and deservedly lost . Wembley , where Gerrard has captained his country on many occasions , now has a final bad memory for him . Liverpool fans show their support for Gerrard - his latest Anfield appearance is against Crystal Palace . It will also bring back memories of his slip to let in Demba Ba at Anfield , almost a year ago to the day , a fatal error that robbed the 34-year-old of a maiden title last season . The chance of leading a guard of honour if Chelsea seal the league crown against Leicester City or Crystal Palace would rub salt further into the wounds . Jose Mourinho might have asked the Chelsea supporters to stop singing the about Gerrard 's unfortunate tumble , but the Stamford Bridge faithful are unlikely to relent as they take the opportunity to give their two-time transfer target a farewell he wo n't forget - for the wrong reasons . Gerrard slipped up in last year 's game against Chelsea to gift Demba Ba a goal and throw away the title . Memories of that mistake will be strong in the mind for Gerrard is Chelsea are celebrating winning the league . England 's failure at the World Cup - with Gerrard as captain - followed , and he quit the international game . Gerrard , Jordan Henderson and Wayne Rooney leave the pitch after drawing their final game with Costa Rica . It has been a difficult final year for Gerrard . Missing out on last year 's title was followed by captaining England at a winless World Cup and now another trophyless year where he has found himself surplus to Brendan Rodgers ' starting XI at times with Jordan Henderson and Joe Allen preferred as options in midfield . The decision to retire from the international game after last summer 's tournament , with a focus on his club career , did n't work out either with Liverpool knocked out of all four cups - including at the first possible opportunity in the Champions League . And now , a Premier League legend bids farewell in a way that does n't seem fitting . There is no big finale like in Istanbul or Cardiff all those years ago , instead Gerrard leaves Liverpool and England with a whimper . Now , the Liverpool captain 's final game is at the Britannia Stadium - though he did score there last year . April 27 , 2014 : With Liverpool seemingly set for the Premier League title , Gerrard slips to gift Chelsea a goal in a 2-0 defeat at Anfield to put the initiative back into the hands of eventual champions Manchester City . May 5 , 2014 : Liverpool squander a 3-0 lead against Crystal Palace to see their title hopes suffer a further blow that they would not recover from . June 19 , 2014 : Having lost their opening game against Italy , England are level with Uruguay until captain Gerrard gives the ball away to allow Luis Suarez to score a winner . England left the tournament without win . November 4 , 2014 : Gerrard is left out of the team that loses 1-0 at the Santiago Bernabeu against Real Madrid in the Champions League . December 9 , 2014 : The captain scores but Liverpool are knocked out of the Champions League after a 1-1 draw with Basle leaves them on just five points in Group B. January 27 , 2015 : Liverpool are knocked out of the Capital One Cup at the semi-final stage after losing 1-0 to Chelsea in extra time at Stamford Bridge , with Gerrard unable to inspire a victory . February 26 , 2015 : Gerrard misses Europa League tie with Besiktas through injury and they crash out on penalties in Istanbul . March 22 , 2015 : Any hopes of qualifying for next season 's Champions League for Liverpool take a huge blow in a 2-0 defeat by Manchester United at Anfield . Gerrard is left out of the starting XI and comes on as a second half substitute but is sent off just 38 seconds after coming on . April 19 , 2015 : Liverpool lose their FA Cup semi-final against Aston Villa to end all hopes of a trophy in Gerrard 's final season . May 10 , 2015 : Gerrard travels with Liverpool to face Chelsea , who could have already wrapped up the title , and faces being ridiculed by the Stamford Bridge crowd . : Sto . May 24 , 2015 : Seventeen years playing in the Premier League end with a trip to face Stoke City at the Britannia Stadium in a game that will likely be of little importance to either side . P.S. Along with Gerrard and Frank Lampard , there 's another member of England 's much-maligned ` golden generation ' who is likely to be leaving the Premier League in the summer : Rio Ferdinand . The Queens Park Rangers defender 's farewell season has fallen flat as he spends much of his time sat on the bench at Loftus Road in their relegation battle . Ferdinand struggled from the start of the season at the centre of the Rs defence after moving on from years of loyal service at Manchester United . The 36-year-old 's final days in England 's top tier are so chilled , that he showed off his ability to watch House of Cards on his way into training in the back of his car on Monday morning . Rio Ferdinand posted this picture of himself watching television while on the way into training on Monday .