A young mother has spoken of her fear that she could die at any moment due to a rare heart condition that should have killed her at the age of three . Betheny Coyne , from Wigan , Lancashire , was diagnosed with a rare heart defect before she was born - and was never expected to reach her fourth birthday . But she defied medical predictions and now , aged 24 , she is mother to three healthy children . This is despite being warned that each pregnancy could have placed so much extra strain on her heart that she would die . Fearing her heart is like a ` ticking time bomb ' , she is determined to make as many memories as possible with her family , and will be getting married in February next year . Betheny Coyne , 24 -LRB- pictured with daughters Haley , Harper and Grace -RRB- , was diagnosed with a rare heart defect before she was born - and was never expected to reach her fourth birthday . Miss Coyne said : ` If I did n't have my children or my fiancé , Mark , I 'd spend my life worrying I was going to die . ` I ca n't have any more surgery on my heart so it 's a case of living with my heart defect and ensuring I do everything I want to in life while I can . ` I have defied doctors by getting this far - so we just take every day as it comes and try to take pictures of everything . ` I just want to make sure that the kids are happy and that we make lots of memories as a family as I know my condition makes me a ticking time bomb . ' Miss Coyne was born with a heart condition known as coarctation of the aorta , which caused her need open heart surgery three times as a baby . The condition makes it difficult for the heart to pump blood around the body due to a narrowed aorta , the main artery that leaves the left side of the heart . The risk is that it may narrow further at any time , meaning the blood will stop going round the body properly , and in turn cause complete heart failure . Miss Coyne 's parents were first told their daughter had a heart defect before she was born , but it was only later scans that revealed the true extent of the rare condition . Due to her uncertain life expectancy , Bethany wore a heart monitor to school and went for regular check-ups . She still has to go for an ultrasound scan every six months to check her heart health . Miss Coyne -LRB- with partner Mark -RRB- was born with born with a heart condition known as coarctation of the aorta , which caused her need open heart surgery three times as a baby . Doctors warned being pregnant could have placed a fatal amount of strain on her heart - but once again , she defied the odds . Fearing her heart is like a ` ticking time bomb ' , she is determined to make as many memories as possible with her family , and will be getting married in February next year after getting engaged on holiday last year . She said : ` I worry every time I go for an appointment about what they are going to say , it 's a constant uncertainty . ` Growing up with the condition was difficult because it felt so unfair that I was going into hospital all of the time for tests and check-ups while other children did n't have to . ` The possibility of dying at any moment did n't really affect me until I had children . ` You just get on with life when it 's just you , but when you have kids you have more responsibility and something to live for . Miss Coyne was born with a heart condition known as coarctation of the aorta , which caused her need open heart surgery three times as a baby . The condition makes it difficult for the heart to pump blood around the body due to a narrowed aorta , the main artery that leaves the left side of the heart . The risk is that it may narrow further at any time , meaning the blood will stop going round the body properly , and in turn cause complete heart failure and death . ` Now I worry about it all the time , but knowing that we are taking lots of pictures and have the wedding to look forward to makes it easier . ` It was only when I was told I probably should n't have children that I realised how much I wanted to have them . I knew I 'd regret it if I never became a mum . ' She became pregnant with her first child , Haley , unexpectedly when she was 19 - and before she met her now fiancé , Mark . She had previously been warned by her heart specialist that having children would cause a massive strain on her heart . She said : ` I was really worried when I fell pregnant , but I tried to live as normal a life as possible and focused on the baby . ' Thankfully , her heart condition is not genetic , so there was little chance of her passing it onto her children . Speakiing about giving birth to her daughter in 2009 , she said : ` I was so relieved . When I gave birth it went so well - it was completely normal . ' The following year , she met her fiancé Mark Brimble , 35 , in a local bar . Aware of the seriousness of her condition , she told him about it early on in the relationship . Thankfully , her heart condition is not genetic , so there was little chance of her passing it onto her children . Miss Coyne said : ` I ca n't have any more surgery on my heart so it 's a case of living with my defect and ensuring I do everything I want to in life while I can . She is pictured at Disneyland Paris . She said : ` When I told him , I actually offered to leave him because I could see how it might get difficult later on . ` He was so understanding , though , he 's been great the whole time we 've been together . ' On February 20 2013 , Miss Coyne gave birth to the couple 's first child , Grace - and was induced four days early as a precaution for her heart condition . Mr Brimble then proposed last May while they were on holiday and baby Harper arrived in the December . Miss Coybe said : ` We do n't want any more children - the main thing now is having a great time with the three we have . ` Before Harper was born we took the girls to Disneyland Paris for Haley 's fourth birthday and we had the best time . However there are constant reminders of her condition . At times , breathing can be very difficult and there are days when she feels exhausted . She said : ` Mark is an amazing dad , so I would have no worries about the children if I died . ' June Davidson , Senior Cardiac Nurse at the British Heart Foundation , said : ` Years of research has helped to dramatically improve survival rates for babies born with congenital heart defects from a position where very few babies survived to one where almost all do . ' ` However , more research is needed to better understand the longer term consequences of living with congenital heart disease so we can further improve the quality of more people 's lives . '