What does Republican senator and presidential contender Rand Paul have in common with a gun-toting , stripper-hurling playboy ? An avid interest in poker , as it turns out . On Friday , the 52-year-old libertarian lawmaker from Kentucky shared a Snapchat video of himself learning how to play poker from the infamous ` King of Instagram ' Dan Blizerian . The 10-second video , obtained by Daily Caller reporter Kaitlin Collins , is titled ` Lessons from Dan Blizerian . ' Scroll down for video . Strange bedfellows : On Friday , Senator Rand Paul -LRB- left -RRB- shared a Snapchat video of himself learning how to play poker from the debauched social media star Dan Blizerian -LRB- right -RRB- . High stakes : The pair were playing Liar 's Poker - a game where players use dollars bills instead of cards and track the serial numbers on the banknotes . All about the Benjamins : The GOP senator and the professional poker player had $ 100 bills in their hands . In the clip , the two men sit at a table opposite one another with money fans in their hands , playing what appears to be Liar 's Poker - a game where players use dollars bills instead of cards and track the serial numbers on the banknotes . The goal of the game , according to Investopedia.com , is to bluff the opponents into believing that your bid does not exceed the combined sum of all of the serial numbers . Collins reported that Paul and Blizerian were playing with $ 100 bills . Liar 's Poker is also the title of a book by bestselling author Michael Lewis about the dissolute , everything-goes culture of Wall Street bond salesmen in the 1980s . Blizerian is a renowned professional poker player and self-described international playboy who has amassed 8million followers on his Instagram page , where he documents his globe-trotting , hard-partying lifestyle . Odd couple : There does not appear to be much overlap between the married 52-year-old doctor-turned-lawmaker and the 34-year-old globe-trotting , hard-partying playboy . THAT video : Blizerian made headlines last year when this video was released showing him hurling an 18-year-old porn star from the roof of his mansion into the pool . Gun lover : In December , the former Navy SEAL trainee was arrested at Los Angeles International Airport for allegedly trying to manufacture a bomb . In a profile published in the Wall Street Journal in 2014 , Blizerian estimated earning about $ 50miillion in poker winnings in just over a year . Most of the images on his social media account feature young , attractive women in various states of undress , stacks of cash , yachts , supercars and wild clothing-optional parties . The poker champ and one-time Navy SEAL trainee also has been known to share with his fans pictures of his large weapons collection , which he lovingly refers to as his ` accessories . ' Blizerian made headlines last year when a video was released showing him hurling an 18-year-old porn star from the roof of his mansion into the pool , leaving her with a broken foot . Viral sensation : Blizerian is a renowned professional poker player and self-described international playboy who has amassed 8million followers on his Instagram page . Playboy : Nearly every day he shares photos of himself surrounded by shapely , scantily clad young women . Booted out : Blizerian was kicked off Snapchat just 24 hours after activating his account for posting a video of naked women in his bed . Then in December , Blizerian was arrested at Los Angeles International Airport for allegedly trying to manufacture a bomb . Blizerian managed to avoid jail time after agreeing to pay a $ 10,000 fine and produce a public information film on responsible firearm use . The bad boy of Instagram was recently ejected from Snapchat just 24 hours after he activated his account for posting videos of naked women in his bed . Paul , who goes by the Snapchat handle SenetorRandPaul , will be attending the White House Correspondents ' Dinner with President Obama Saturday night .