lix Bussey , 23 , from Durham was hit by a car and died on holiday in Mexico with her boyfriend . A young primary school teacher has died after she was run down buy a car at the end of a Mexican holiday when just hours earlier she had texted she was having ` best time ever ' . The family of Alix Bussey , 23 , said she was devoted to the children she taught and that they have been left devastated by her death . She was just coming to the end of her holiday with boyfriend Jonathan Boyle , also 23 , in the resort of Riviera Maya . It their first trip abroad together . Tragedy struck when Miss Bussey was hit by a car as the pair made their way back to their hotel after a night out . She was , a teacher at Bowburn Infants School , Bowburn , County Durham , and had studied at Northumbria University before securing her first job in teaching at the school . Today her parents Colin and Penny , and younger sister , 21-year-old Leigh , spoke of their shock at her death and said she had lived life to the full . Mrs Bussey , 50 , said : ` We 're absolutely devastated by what has happened and waiting to be given more information by the Foreign Office . Alix adored being a teacher , it was all she wanted to do from the age of seven and she was devoted to the education and welfare of the children she taught . ` She lived life to the full , loved to party and she and Jonathan were besotted with each other . ` Although they had been away on several occasions this was their first holiday abroad and they had been having a great experience . ` Only the night before she had texted Leigh to say she was having ` the bestest time ever ' . ' Mr Bussey , 55 said : ` Alix had a wide circle of friends and the support we have had from them , and members of both families has been unbelievable . All of our thoughts are with Jonathan and his family as they are going through this with us . ' The pair visited the Mexican holiday resort of Riviera Maya -LRB- pictured -RRB- - it was their first holiday abroad together . Primary school students at Bowburn Infants School -LRB- pictured -RRB- are said to be devastated by news of her loss . The family said last year she had visited India as part of a school exchange and was also a season ticket holder at Newcastle United with her father and sister . She lived with her parents and sister at the family home in Meadowfield , the Northern Echo reported . Durham Constabulary said they were working with the family after the incident on Thursday and an inquest would take place in due course .