The wife of legendary cricket commentator , Richie Benaud , has politely declined the offer of a state funeral for her late husband . Daphne Benaud has reportedly settled on a private gathering with only immediate family , indicating the ` no fuss ' approach is the way the former Test captain would have wanted it . The private service for Benaud , who died on Friday aged 84 , will take place this week , News Corp reported on Sunday . ` Godfather of cricket ' : Legendary commentator and former Australia captain Richie Benaud died aged 84 . Respected : Benaud died peacefully in his sleep surrounded by his wife Daphne -LRB- above -RRB- and family members . Richie Benaud , the legendary commentator described as the ` Godfather of cricket ' , passed away peacefully in his sleep overnight on Friday , surrounded by his wife Daphne and family . He had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since November when he was admitted to a Sydney hospice on Thursday . In his recognition , Prime Minister Tony Abbott offered his family a state funeral , calling Benaud 's death the ` greatest loss for cricket since the loss of Don Bradman . ' While state funerals are usually reserved for politicians , Mr Abbott said ` There would be very few Australians who have not passed a summer in the company of Richie Benaud . ' News of his death threw the cricket world and beyond into mourning as tributes flowed in to a man remembered for his wry sense of humour , expertise and for simply being a ` true gentleman ' . His sayings from the hundreds of Test and One Day cricket matches he commentated on across the world were often what fans remembered from important moments in these games . His dry one-liners and impeccable delivery - including one simple word ` marvellous ' - were adopted as part of the Australian lexicon . Scroll down for videos . The cricket commentator had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since November when he was admitted to a Sydney hospice on Thursday . A veteran of 63 Test matches , Benaud played a key role in the formation of World Series Cricket in the 1970s . Benaud 's wife , Daphne politely declined Prime Minister Tony Abbott 's offer of a state funeral for her husband . A veteran of 63 Test matches , Benaud played a pivotal role in the formation of World Series Cricket in the 1970s and was one of the world 's most recognised commentators . In a broadcast career spanning more than five decades , he was instrumental in establishing one-day cricket on television . Masses of Australian cricketers , politicians and sportspeople penned heartfelt tributes on social media in the wake of his passing . Former Australian spin bowler Shane Warne called the champion leg spinner , the ` Godfather of cricket ' . ` As a cricketer , commentator and as a person , you were the best there 's ever been , ' he wrote . Former captain Richie Benaud stands by a sculpture of himself at the Sydney Cricket Ground in 2008 . Floral tributes gathered at the bronze statue of Richie Benaud at the Sydney Cricket Ground . ` Our country has lost a national treasure , ' Cricket Australia chairman Wally Edwards said in a statement on Friday . ` After Don Bradman , there has been no Australian player more famous or more influential than Richie Benaud . ' ` He loved winning . He helped the Australian team have the attitude where they wanted to win . He played the game the right way . ` There 's no doubt he 's certainly going to be missed . ' Prime Minister David Cameron said : ` I grew up listening to Richie Benaud 's wonderful cricket commentary . Like all fans of the sport , I will miss him very much . ' Benaud was one of the world 's most recognised commentators having initially started with the BBC in England before anchoring the Nine Network 's cricket coverage in Australia for decades . Richie Benaud married his wife Daphne in July 1967 . A veteran of 63 Test matches , Benaud played a pivotal role in the formation of World Series Cricket in the 1970s and was one of the world 's most recognised commentators . Former Prime Minister John Howard greeted Richie Benaud at the Sydney Cricket Ground back in 2001 . Benaud was born in Penrith in western Sydney in October 1930 . He enjoyed a remarkable Test career as a wily leg-spin bowler and middle-order batsman which ended with his retirement in 1964 . Benaud was the first player to score 2,000 Test runs and take 200 Test wickets yet was as much renowned for his captaincy - he never lost a Test series as Australian captain . After retiring , Benaud became a commentary icon initially with the BBC in England and later in his native Australia . He was the mainstay in Australian cricket television commentary until the past two summers - a car accident in 2013 sidelined him before he announced in November last year he had skin cancer . As a player , Benaud appeared in 63 Test matches between 1951 and 1963 , becoming the first man from any nation to score 2000 Test runs and take 200 Test wickets . Penrith-born Benaud enjoyed a remarkable Test career as a wily leg-spin bowler and middle-order batsman which ended with his retirement in 1964 . ` When I was a kid we never ever wore a cap ... because Keith Miller never wore a cap , ' Benaud said at the time . ` It 's one of those things in life : you live and learn as you go along . ' As captain he led Australia to four consecutive series victories , beginning with a 4-0 demolition of Peter May 's 1958-59 tourists -LRB- Benaud took 31 wickets in the five tests -RRB- . He never lost a series as captain . Shane Warne penned a heartfelt tribute to Richie Benaud on social media on Friday .