Lukas Podolski insists he is prepared to fight for his place at Arsenal when he arrives back at the club in the summer . The German World Cup winner is currently on loan at Inter Milan having joined the Serie A club in January following a tough start to the season at the Emirates , where he scored just three goals in 13 appearances . The move to Italy appeared to signal the end of Podolski 's time in north London , but the 29-year-old is adamant he still has a role to play in Arsene Wenger 's side . Inter Milan loanee Lukas Podolski says he wants to play for parent club Arsenal next season . The German forward has yet to score since arriving in Serie A in January . ` When I go back -LRB- to Arsenal -RRB- I think I have the chance to play there , ' he told Sportsmail . ` I have one year left so well will see what happens . I feel very well at the club and with my teammates as well . I had a great two and a half years ; I scored a lot of goals there and had a lot of assists . ` The first six months of the season were not easy , that 's why I changed clubs . But now I 'm ready . ' Arsenal made it to back-to-back FA Cup finals over the weekend thanks to an extra-time win over Reading and Podolski tweeted his congratulations to his parent club , although he admitted he had n't seen the action . The forward was busy preparing for the derby with Inter against rivals Milan , but he was left on the bench by Roberto Mancini for the second game running as the sides played out a 0-0 stalemate . Podolski struggled for first-team opportunities in north London before leaving the Gunners on loan . Podolski has failed to score in 12 appearances since arriving in Italy , but he says there is no frustration over the lack of time he 's getting on the pitch . ` It 's not a problem for me . I 've been in this business of playing football long enough , ' he said . ` Of course I want to play every game but it 's the decision of the coach , he makes the decision and picks the first XI and when he thinks the players on the pitch are better than me or in better form than me then they have to play . ` I 'm ready , I 'm fit , I want to play because a derby is always a great game and it 's for these types of matches you play football . ` I 'm here now to finish the season then I have two games with the national team , then we will see . ' Podolski celebrates with Alexis Sanchez after scoring the winner against Anderlecht in October .