Britain is set for another week of warm weather , with forecasters predicting temperatures could rise as high as 25C -LRB- 77F -RRB- by Wednesday . The promise of more sunshine comes after Friday saw the hottest day of the year so far with 21.9 C -LRB- 71.4 F -RRB- observed at St James 's Park in London . Meanwhile the Met Office has predicted warmer-than-average temperatures for April , May and June of this year in its long-range forecast . But winds of more than 75mph were recorded in north Wales today , and snow was also reported to have fallen on high ground in northern England . The Met Office has a severe wind warning in place until 5 pm today for North Wales and northern England from Derby up to Northallerton . Scroll down for video . South coast : Sunseekers headed to Brighton beach today to enjoy the warm weather , two days after the hottest day of the year so far . Over he goes : Free-runner Aiden Knox , 15 , performs a flip from the South Bank in central London during the warm weather today . All aboard : A celebration of vintage transport is taking place today at the Great North Steam Fair in Beamish , County Durham . Tasty treat : A man holds an ice cream for a young boy in the sunshine today on Brighton beach in East Sussex . Back in time : Visitors to the fair at Beamish Museum have been able to view at close quarters an array of more than 160 vintage vehicles . Sunday jazz : A saxophonist was among the people - and swans - enjoying the warm weather in Christchurch , Dorset , today . Out for a walk : People enjoy the warm conditions during an April stroll at Christchurch Quay in Dorset today . The sunny weather made Christchurch shine in all its springtime glory . The Met Office has predicted warmer-than-average temperatures for April , May and June of this year in its long-range forecast . Enjoying the weather : People sit in the sunshine at Parliament Square in central London today . The mercury this weekend has been around the 13C to 14C -LRB- 55F to 57F -RRB- mark - much closer to the average for the time of year . Today will be largely dry and bright across the South , but it will turn windy with a fresh south-westerly wind - and rain will move east across the North . Early mist and fog tomorrow will soon lift to leave a dry and bright day for most areas , but it will be cloudy in northern Scotland . MeteoGroup forecaster Paul Mott said that after snow fell on the Pennines today , the weather will be ` quite a bit different ' for the next few days . ` It will certainly turn much warmer , ' he said . ` Across England and Wales it will be dry , bright and there will be lengthy periods of sunshine . ' Temperatures will reach as high as 16C -LRB- 61F -RRB- in south-east England tomorrow , while Scotland will be cooler , with the mercury as low as 10C -LRB- 50F -RRB- . On Tuesday , temperatures will reach up to 22C -LRB- 72F -RRB- in south east England , while Scotland will again have a lower high of 15C -LRB- 59F -RRB- , Mr Mott said . Forecast : Today will be largely dry and bright across the South , but rain will move across the North . Tomorrow will be dry for most areas . Looking ahead : It could be 25C on Wednesday , and the Met Office has forecast warmer-than-average temperatures for April to June . Making the most of it : A woman holds an ice cream -LRB- left -RRB- and two men play basketball -LRB- right -RRB- on Brighton beach today . Deckchair weather : A man in the sun at Hyde Park in central London . The capital recorded the UK 's top temperature of 2015 so far last week . Sitting down : A man enjoys a rest as members of the Brighton Beach Volleyball Club play a game on the East Sussex beach today . Historic : Steam locomotives , penny farthings , motor cars , steam rollers and traction engines are all in working display in Beamish . Sunny in the South : Surrey 's Kevin Pietersen batting today during an early season match at The Parks in Oxford . Summer breeze : A bypasser watches on as kite boarder makes the most of the sunshine and strong breezes in the sea at Worthing beach . Wednesday is likely to be the warmest of the year for much of Britain , with the mercury reaching up to 24C -LRB- 75F -RRB- in London and South East England . Mr Mott said the forecast for Thursday and Friday was ` more uncertain ' when it is expected to be cooler but will remain dry . The predicted hot weather is result of a plume of warm air heading towards the UK from the south west , coming from as far as the Azores Islands . Temperatures in London of 21C -LRB- 70F -RRB- this Tuesday and 22C -LRB- 72F -RRB- on Wednesday are expected to be better than in many holiday destinations . Valencia will see 20C -LRB- 68F -RRB- and 17C -LRB- 63F -RRB- respectively and Marseille will have 20C and 19C -LRB- 66F -RRB- , while Malta will be 18C -LRB- 64F -RRB- on both days . Yesterday 's UK high temperature was 14.8 C -LRB- 58.6 F -RRB- in Langdon Bay , Kent , while St Athan in South Wales had the most sunshine , with 11.5 hours . In Cumbria : Snow caused difficult conditions for motorists today including these two passing buses at Kirkstone Pass in the Lake District . On patrol : This police car was among the vehicles facing tricky conditions on the Kirkstone Pass , connecting Ambleside to Patterdale . Snow in Scotland : Gerry Learmonth was caught in a blizzard today as he walked his dog at Cairn Gorm Mountain in the Highlands . Making it through : Two mountain bikers in the Caingorm Mountains in Scotland this morning where fresh snow has been falling today . But Upper Lambourn , Berkshire , had a temperature of -0.2 C -LRB- 31.6 F -RRB- at 3 am today , while there was sleet at Braemar in Aberdeenshire . And a wind speed of 76mph was recorded at Capel Curig in the Snowdonia region of north-west Wales this morning , reported BBC Weather . Additionally , with summer seeming to come early for many last week , doctors reported seeing hay-fever sufferers experiencing symptoms . This was despite the pollen levels being moderate for much of the south of England and low for the rest of the UK according to the Met Office . The Sunday Telegraph warned today of a 33 per cent increase in the number of people facing hayfever this year because of worsening conditions . High pollen counts are mixing with heavy pollution and Saharan dust , with hayfever now twice as common in towns and cities than the countryside . Alert : The Met Office has a severe wind warning in place -LRB- left -RRB- today , while the current wind patterns over Britain can be observed -LRB- right -RRB- . Surface pressure : The warm front -LRB- in red above -RRB- over Britain at noon today is followed by a cold front -LRB- in blue -RRB- and occluded front -LRB- in pink -RRB- . Last week : The sun sets behind the Houses of Parliament in London on Friday , as the UK had its highest temperature of 2015 so far . Warm conditions : People relax on the beach in Broadstairs , Kent , last Wednesday - on what was a fine week of weather for the UK . The Met Office 's three-month outlook says : ` For April-May-June temperatures near-to above-average are most likely . ` Overall , the probability that the UK-mean temperature for April-May-June will fall into the coldest of our five categories is 10 per cent . ` And the probability that it will fall into the warmest category is between 20 per cent and 25 per cent . ' Last Friday , Londoners made the most of the high temperatures , with Kew Gardens reaching 21.7 C -LRB- 71.1 F -RRB- and Heathrow Airport 21.3 C -LRB- 70.3 F -RRB- . But high levels of air pollution accompanied the heat , with many parts of England affected by poor air quality throughout the day . Bookmakers Ladbrokes said today that spring 2015 is now odds-on to be the hottest on record , with 5/6 offered on it beating the 2011 high .