The British father of a 15-year-old who plunged 19 storeys to her death in an apparent suicide left court holding hands with his partner , after she was charged with ` wilful neglect ' . Managing director Nick Cousins looked visibly upset and his Filipino wife Herminia Garcia was shaking when they emerged from the court in the Sai Wai Ho suburb of Hong Kong , after she was granted bail . The 53-year-old was arrested after her teenage daughter , Blanca Cousins , fell from the 19th floor of their luxury apartment in Hong Kong on Tuesday . Scroll down for video . Nick Cousins left the Hong Kong court clutching the hand of his wife Herminia Garcia , who is charged with wilful neglect following the death of their 15-year-old daughter , Blanca Cousins , in an apparent suicide . The couple did not make a statement after they left court . Mr Cousins was also arrested on suspicion of ` ill treatment ' after it emerged Blanca 's birth had not been registered , but he has not been charged and is on bail . Blanca Cousins , 15 , fell to her death from the luxury Hong Kong apartment block where she lived on Tuesday in an apparent suicide . It has emerged her birth , and that of her 14-year-old sister , was never registered . She was charged with wilful neglect and being in the country illegally for more than 20 years . Mr Cousins , 57 , was also arrested on suspicion of ` ill treatment ' after it emerged that Blanca 's birth , and that of her 14-year-old sister , had not registered . It is also alleged that they did not attend school . He has not been charged and is currently on bail . The couple refused to comment as they left Eastern Magistrates Court and were whisked away in a black Mercedes . A spokesman for the family said : ` The court has determined for the time being the family should stay together , we ask that you respect their privacy at this difficult time . We have nothing further to say at the moment . ' Police have applied for a ` care and protection ' order for the couple 's other child , but she is back with them pending a court hearing . The luxury apartment block in Hong Kong where the Cousins lived , and 15-year-old Blanca fell to her death . Herminia Garcia moved to Hong Kong from the Philippines in the nineties to work as a domestic helper for Nick Cousins , before becoming his partner . It is not clear whether they married , although she uses his surname . Mr Cousins , originally from Thurrock , Essex , is managing director of the Hong Kong arm of international insurance broking firm Jardine Lloyd Thompson , and has worked for the firm in Asia for more than 20 years . It is understood that Ms Garcia - also known as Grace Cousins - moved to Hong Kong from the Philippines in the 1990s to work for Mr Cousins as a domestic helper before becoming his partner . It is unclear whether they had married , although she uses his surname . The couple were watching television in the family 's home , on the 19th floor of Hong Kong 's most luxurious apartment buildings , when Blanca locked herself in a bathroom before failing to her death . Paramedics declared her dead at the foot of the building in Repulse Bay Road . A police source said they did not find a suicide note from Blanca , pictured , but said they were aware the girl was ` unhappy ' . A horse lover , she was a member of the Hong Kong Pony Club and would have turned 16 in July . Police sources claimed while no suicide note had been found they were aware the girl had been ` unhappy ' in recent weeks . Blanca -- who was known as Blancs -- was due to celebrate her 16th birthday in July . If their births were not registered , it means she would not have been able to attend school , travel abroad or receive medical treatment -- unless paid for privately . However she appeared to have enjoyed a relatively normal life , and seemed to have a wide circle of friends among the city 's well to do expatriate community . A police spokeswoman said a security guard found Blanca lying on the ground at the foot of the apartment . She was a member of the Hong Kong Pony Club and had recently attended Hong Kong Sevens rugby tournament , after her father secured a box there , and had invited friends to join her at the event . Ms Garcia 's charge sheet , seen by the Daily Mail , states that she is accused of overstaying in Hong Kong from 1994 until 2015 , having initially entered as a visitor . She is also charged with ` ill-treatment or neglect ' of a child between July 1 , 2000 and April 7 this year ` in a manner likely to cause unnecessary suffering ' . It states her occupation as housewife . She was bailed until June .