From the best night 's kip being enjoyed on a Wednesday to rising the earliest on a Sunday , new data is giving fascinating insights into how the world sleeps . Using statistics from Sleep Cycle app users , researchers have discovered that the earliest wake-up time worldwide is on a Monday in South Africa . While on Tuesdays , Americans rise at 7 am and are in the worst mood all week . In terms of national average sleep quality , Slovakia topped the list . The UK was in 45th place , while the US was in 49th . The best sleep quality worldwide occurs on a Wednesday night . More than half -LRB- 58 per cent -RRB- of countries surveyed said they had the most restful sleep on this day . Other countries that wake-up grumpy on Tuesdays include Singapore , Spain , Switzerland , South Africa and Brazil . The Sleep Cycle app tracks a user 's sleep as they go through a cycle of sleep phases . It uses the phone 's accelerometer to identify phases by tracking movements in bed and wakes users up during their lightest sleep phase , using a pre-defined 30-minute alarm window . It has more than two million active users and gathered data for the study between 1 June 2014 and 31 March this year from users aged 18 to 55 in 47 countries . Other insights from this data include that the best sleep quality worldwide occurs on a Wednesday night . Over the course of the week , people in Finland get the most hours sleep - on a Saturday with eight hours and two minutes , on average . On the same night , people in Japan get an average of just six hours and nine minutes sleep . This graph shows which days of the week countries sleep the most . More than half -LRB- 58 per cent -RRB- of the countries surveyed said they had the most restful sleep on this day , with China recording the highest sleep quality in the world that night . On Thursdays , people in the Middle East wake the latest and the happiest , and in Kuwait , Saudi Arabia and UAE in particular , users also reported the best mood on Thursdays . Despite waking up grumpy on Tuesdays , by Friday the US sleeps in the most and wakes up happiest . The data revealed Americans typically do n't rise until 8:24 am on Fridays and also report the best wake-up mood . MONDAY : The world wakes up earliest on Mondays with South Africa rising first at 6:09 am . TUESDAY : Americans rise early at 7 am and are consequently in the worst mood all week . Other countries that also wake-up grumpy on Tuesdays include Singapore , Spain , Switzerland , South Africa and Brazil . WEDNESDAY : 58 % of countries surveyed - including the US - experience sleep best on Wednesdays , with China recording the highest sleep quality in the world that night . THURSDAY : Middle East users sleep longer on Thursdays than any other day , and Kuwait , Saudi Arabia and UAE also report the best mood on Thursdays . FRIDAY : Americans sleep latest on Fridays , not rising until 8:24 am . They also report the best wake-up mood . People in Costa Rica , Canada , New Zealand and Sweden also wake up the happiest on Friday . However , the majority of the world -LRB- 71 per cent -RRB- , wake up in the best mood on Saturdays . SATURDAY : Nearly 90 % of countries surveyed sleep more and wake up later on Saturday compared to any other day of the week . SUNDAY : The majority of the world -LRB- 66 % of countries -RRB- spends the least amount of time in bed on Sundays . Topping the list is South Korea where users only sleep 5 hours and 53 minutes on Sunday nights . Also waking up happier on Fridays are people in Costa Rica , Canada , New Zealand and Sweden . However , the majority of the world -LRB- 71 per cent -RRB- wakes up in the best mood on Saturdays . Nearly 90 per cent of countries surveyed sleep more and wake up later on Saturday compared to any other day of the week . While two thirds of countries said they spend least amount of time in bed on Sundays . From waking up at 6:09 am to sleeping the least on a Sunday , data has revealed insights into how the world sleeps . Using statistics from the Sleep Cycle alarm app researchers discovered the earliest wake-up time worldwide is on a Monday in South Africa . While on Tuesdays , the US rise at 7 am but is in the worst mood . The Sleep Cycle app -LRB- pictured -RRB- tracks a user 's sleep , as they go through a cycle of sleep phases . It has more than two million active users and gathered data for the study between 1 June 2014 and 31 March this year from 941,329 male and female users aged 18 to 55 in 47 countries . Topping the list is South Korea where users only sleep 5 hours and 53 minutes on Sunday nights . Over the course of the week , people in Finland get the most hours sleep - on a Saturday with eight hours and two minutes , on average . On the same night , people in Japan get an average of just six hours and nine minutes sleep . In terms of national average sleep quality , Slovakia topped the list . China was in second place followed by Hungary and the Czech Republic . The UK was in 45th place , while the US was in 49th .