Harvey Weinstein 's wife Georgina Chapman today gushed online about her ` wonderful husband ' - just days after it emerged he would not face criminal charges for allegedly groping an Italian model . In an apparent effort to push past the scandal , the British-born fashion designer , who turned 39 on Tuesday , shared an Instagram image of a large bouquet of flowers he had bought for her . ` Thank you for my beautiful flowers !!! #wonderfulhusband #birthday , ' she wrote alongside the photo . Scroll down for video . Moving on : Georgina Chapman , who is married to Harvey Weinstein , shared this image to her Instagram page on Tuesday , with the caption : ` Thank you for my beautiful flowers !!! #wonderfulhusband #birthday . Scandal : Chapman , pictured with her husband in February , was reportedly ` furious ' after he was accused of groping an Italian model in his Manhattan office last month and wants to put it behind her . The birthday gift comes four days after her Hollywood producer husband learned he will not face criminal charges after Italian model Ambra Battilana , 22 , told police he had groped her . Battilana had claimed that the 63-year-old father-of-five touched her breasts and put his hand up her skirt during a ` business meeting ' at his Tribeca Film Center office in Manhattan on March 27 . The Manhattan District Attorney 's office investigated the model 's claims but announced last Friday that it has decided not to prosecute Weinstein . Weinstein , who had always maintained his innocence , could have faced misdemeanor charges of forcible touching or sexual abuse if the allegations proved true . Battilana reoprtedly refused to cooperate with authorities for four days after the complaint , which led to speculation she made the allegation in a bid to try and land a part in one of Weinstein 's films . Once that ` pipe dream ' came to nothing , she decided to cooperate and pursue the criminal case , according to sources . Claims : Italian model Ambra Battilana , 22 , told police Weinstein groped her during a meeting last month . Denial : Weinstein , pictured last week , had insisted he had never touched the model and on Friday , yhe Manhattan District Attorney 's office said it would not be prosecuting him . Weinstein founded Miramax with his brother Bob in 1979 and is worth an estimated $ 200 million . His wife founded the luxury label Marchesa . They have been together for seven years and have a young son and daughter . Last week , a source told the New York Daily News that Chapman had been ` furious ' following the reports and had been intent on continuing with her work and avoiding further embarrassment to her young children . On Instagram , she has shared photos of her work in the run up to Bridal Fashion week . ` The countdown begins , ' she wrote alongside a snap of some of her designs on Monday . ' 5 days until the reveal !! Excited !! #marchesa #ss16 #bridal . ' ` Any suggestion that these flowers were for anything but Georgina 's birthday is a complete fabrication , ' said a rep from the Weinstein Company . Focused on her work : Last week , Chapman , who co-founded luxury brand Marchesa , shared this image of her working on designs for Bridal Fashion Week , with the caption ` Doing what I love most ! '