Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia got off to a very dramatic start in Sydney on Sunday night , when the opening show was interrupted by a man who stormed the runway at the Ellery show . As designer Kym Ellery made her way down the catwalk to take her bow , a furious man understood to be a neighbour of the Carriageworks venue at Eveleigh made a very public complaint about the music . The local man was pictured covering his ears , wagging his finger , and shouting at a security guard who escorted him from the runway . Scroll down for video . Turn down that racket ! A man stormed the runway at Ellery 's Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia show at Carriageworks in Sydney on Sunday night . Drama : The man , understood to be a neighbour of the Carriageworks venue , walked onto the runway while designer Kym Ellery was taking her bow . Disgruntled : The man was overheard to tell security that the music was a ` disgrace ' , and that show organisers had ` no respect for the local community ' Angry : Eye witnesses tell Daily Mail Australia that ` dramatic ' loud music boomed throughout the 15-minute show . Bass : Electronic music boomed throughout the space for the duration of the 15-minute show . Hardcore electronic music with a heavy bass line boomed throughout the space for the duration of the show , which lasted about 15 minutes . The man was reportedly overheard complaining that show organisers were showing little respect for the local community . ` The noise is way too loud , this is disgrace , ' eye witnesses overheard him say , according to the Sydney Morning Herald . ` It was loud but it was all part of the dramatic vibe , ' a guest at the Ellery show told Daily Mail Australia . The Australian designer was n't fazed by the disruption , the eye-witness added . ` Kym ran out merrily at the end , aside from that it all went perfectly . ' Escorted out : The man was removed from the venue by a security guard . Down in front ! Ellery only walked down half the catwalk as the scuffle occurred at the other end . Unfazed : The Australian fashion designer threw her hands in the air and smiled widely , the room erupting into applause . Indeed the style-maker looked utterly triumphant as she ran onto the catwalk as the show came to an end . Appearing on the glitter-covered runway in an all-black ensemble of her own design , she threw her hands above her head and grinned as the room exploded into applause - doing nothing to reduce the noise levels . The room was packed with fashionistas on the opening night , many of them wearing looks from the beloved designer 's latest collection . On a high : Kym made her entrance in one of her own ensembles . Return to the runway : The Ellery show was the first time Gemma Ward has walked at MBFWA since before her six-year hiatus from modelling . Walk this way : Models sashay beneath a shower of confetti as the first show of Fashion Week came to a close . Black swan : A ballet performance on the catwalk marked the start of the 20th Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia . Highlight : It is the ninth time Ellery has showcased her wares at MBFWA . Intricate : Delicate fabrics and intricate prints contrasted with minimalist monochrome . Cheyenne Tozzi , Lindy Klim , Jodi Anasta , Jessica Mauboy and Bambi Northwood-Blyth were just some of the A-listers that showed up to support Ellery . It was also a special night for model Gemma Ward , who made the Ellery show the first time she has walked at Australian Fashion Week since before her six-year hiatus from modeling . It 's the ninth time Ellery has showcased her wares at MBFWA . Off-the-shoulder , oversized silhouettes , and flares reigned supreme on the catwalk .