The father of Dave Brockie , the late frontman of the eccentric heavy metal band GWAR , has sued his son 's band mates , claiming they have stolen his son 's ashes , guitars and artwork . Brockie , who was known onstage as the armor-clad demon Oderus Urungus , was found slumped in a chair at his Richmond , Virginia , home March 23 , 2014 . A medical examiner later determined that the 50-year-old musician died of accidental drug overdose . Scroll down for video . Legal battle : The father of Dave Brockie -LRB- pictured left and right on stage -RRB- , the late frontman of the eccentric heavy metal band GWAR , has sued the group claiming they have stolen his son 's ashes , guitars and artwork . Under fire : The lawsuit alleges that the surviving members of GWAR swiped Brockie 's guitars , artwork , a gold record , tour souvenirs and even his ashes . The Grammy-nominated band was founded in 1984 and is known for its comically grotesque costumes , stage antics and vulgar lyrics . Brockie was the mastermind of the fantasy-inspired band and its founding member . A lawsuit filed last Thursday by William Brockie , Dave 's father and the administrator of his estate , seeks $ 1million in compensatory damages on top of unspecified punitive damages for alleged breach of contract . Mr Brockie details in the lawsuit , cited by the Courthouse News Service , how in the months following his son 's death , his bandmates allegedly swiped his guitars , artwork , a gold record , tour souvenirs and even his ashes . According to court documents , the surviving members of GWAR hauled the loot to the headquarters of their management company , Slave Pit Inc , and locked it in an office . When William Brockie arrived demanding to have his son 's cremains back , the lawsuit alleges that his son 's friends forced him to wait outside and then brought him only a small portion of Dave 's ashes in a used plastic bag with Discover credit card logo on it . Morbid : William Brockie claims that when he demanded to have his son 's ashes back , GWAR members refused to let him inside their offices and then brought him only a small portion of Dave 's ashes in a used plastic bag . The suit accuses the heavy metal band of using Dave Brockie 's image without consent on GWAR merchandise and and trying to take over his estate . Defendant : The lawsuit names drummer Brad Roberts , better known by his stage name Jizmak Da Gusha -LRB- second right -RRB- , as the leader of the alleged conspiracy . The lawsuit names drummer Brad Roberts , better known by his stage name , Jizmak Da Gusha , as the leader of the alleged plot to capitalize on Dave Brockie 's death by using his name and likeness on T-shirts and other merchandise without authorization . William Brockie also claims in his suit that his son was never paid for taking part in the band 's 2014 Far East tour across Asia and Australia . Immediately following Brockie 's passing , the lawsuit contends , GWAR went to work trying to take over his estate and started a charity in his name without his father 's consent . Dave Brockie remained a constant in GWAR over the course of its 30-year-history , though it has had a revolving door of members . In 2011 , 34-year-old lead guitarist Cory Smoot was found dead on the band 's tour bus . Accidental overdose : Richmond , Virginia medical examiners ruled last June that Dave Brockie 's cause of death was acute heroin intoxication . The 50-year-old , who went by Oderus Urungus onstage , was found dead in a chair in his Richmond home on March 23 , 2014 . GWAR , who described themselves as ` Scumdogs of the Universe ' , released their 13th album last year and recently toured Australia and Japan . Brockie always appeared on stage as an intergalactic humanoid barbarian with devil horns and a meaty-looking face , carrying a long sword called an ` Unt Lick ' . The heavy metal band gained international fame for their outrageous stage show and wild personas , with GWAR members creating their own gory costumes . Their video clips were also a staple of TV show ` Beavis and Butt-Head ' . Rawwwr : The Grammy-nominated band GWAR was founded in 1984 and is known for its comically grotesque costumes , stage antics and vulgar lyrics . Top dog : The Richmond , Virginia-based band had a constant revolving cast of demonic characters , but founder and mastermind Brockie was a staple . ` Anyone who has seen GWAR knows it 's an adult comedy rock musical , ' Brockie told CBS 6 reporter Mark Holmberg in 2011 . Style Weekly reported Brockie was a devoted fan of the Washington Redskins and a World War II buff , who had recently fulfilled his lifelong dreams of visiting Stalingrad and playing shows in Japan .