It could have easily been passed off as an April Fool 's Day joke , but for one couple winning the £ 53million EuroMillions jackpot was a reality . Richard and Angela Maxwell , from Coningsby in Lincolnshire , became 10th on the National Lottery rich list after they scooped £ 53,193,914 on the draw on Tuesday . The couple , both 67 , so far have only modest plans for what to do with the huge windfall - with Mr Maxwell planning to retire and play bowls . Scroll down for video . Richard and Angela Maxwell from Lincolnshire have become the 10th biggest British winners of Euromillions . Mrs Maxwell said she thought her husband was playing an April Fools ' Day joke on her when he told her . The semi-retired consultant in the poultry industry said : ` I always keep our lottery tickets in the kitchen drawer so I took a break and went online to check the results . ` I looked first at the two Lucky Stars and noticed we had those . Then I scanned across to the first main number and immediately knew they all matched our numbers . I checked again and again , five times in total , as I could n't believe it . ' Mr Maxwell said he was in shock when he saw only one ticket had won £ 53million and believed someone had scanned his ticket and put it on the website as a joke . ` It was April Fool 's Day after all , ' he added . The father-of-two kept the win to himself for four more hours until wife Angela got home from helping to cook for a local OAP luncheon club . He said : ` I knew Angela would be busy and would n't answer her mobile phone so I waited til she got home . ` I kept myself busy making cups of tea for the builders because I could n't sit still but did n't say anything to anyone . ' When his wife came back carrying a basket of tea towels and asking about dinner plans , Mr Maxwell said : ` Angela , I 've got something to tell you . ' The shocked couple plan to take their family on holiday to New Zealand first class and buy a Land Rover . His wife said : ` I did n't know what to think . Richard just went red in the face and then said `` we 've won £ 53 million '' . ` I just said `` do n't be stupid '' - he 's always playing jokes so I thought it was an April 's Fool . ` I just did n't believe it , then he showed me the numbers on the website and I dropped the basket of tea towels on the floor . I then just sat down in the chair for about half-an-hour stunned . ' When the couple called their two daughters , Sharon , 45 , and Paula , 44 , they too thought it was an April Fool 's joke . The couple are still thinking about what to do with the huge windfall but have already decided to upgrade a planned holiday to New Zealand - by taking the whole family first-class . They said they are also keen to help good causes and will donate some of the cash to their local community . Sports fan Mr Maxwell said he will now be able to retire completely to enjoy following Boston United and big sporting events , and play golf and bowls . Mr Maxwell is also going to treat himself to a Land Rover , while his wife plans to splash out on designer handbags and shoes . Mrs Maxwell said : ` Richard says he wants to travel round the world watching sport . I can go with him but I do n't think I 'll be watching any sport . It 'll be retail therapy for me . ` As soon as we told the girls it started to dawn on us just how big an amount of money it is . ` It still has n't sunk in . We do n't know if we will make anyone millionaires but we will make sure our family is OK . ' Mr Maxwell added : ` It 's a life-changing amount of money - £ 1 million would have been amazing but £ 53 million enables you to do so much , not just for you , but those around you . ` Our local community is really important to us , in particular helping young people in the area . The win will enable us to spend more time getting involved , as well as give financial support . ' Mr Maxwell said he survived prostate cancer eight years ago and is now in remission . He said : ` I had three operations and it was successful in the end . I was very ill for quite a while . That 's why I retired from full-time work . He added : ` It made me realise that every day is a gift . We are not materialistic people . We do n't crave things . ` We are simple people . Winning this amount of money would change anyone but we are going to try and stay grounded and live the way we 've always done . ' Mr Maxwell said his experience had inspired some of his fundraising and added that his motorcycling group has raised £ 50,000 for Macmillan nurses in the last three years . With their money they could buy 450 semi-detached houses in Lincolnshire or eight million tonnes of the county 's famous sausages . The winning balls were 8 , 20 , 24 , 28 , 49 with lucky stars of 8 and 9 . It comes in the same week that another couple - from neighbouring North Lincolnshire - beat odds of 283 billion to one to win £ 1 million in the EuroMillions lottery for a second time . Dave and Kathleen Long , from Scunthorpe , won their first £ 1 million in 2013 and scooped the big money prize again on Friday night . Mr Maxwell survived a prostate cancer diagnosis eight years ago and said he was glad to be here today . Colin and Chris Wear are Britain 's current biggest winners after they won £ 161million in July 2011 . Mr Long said yesterday he ` just knew it would be my turn again some day ' as the couple become the first people to win £ 1 million twice who have gone public . And the former lorry driver has not ruled out winning for a third time despite being perplexed at being labelled the luckiest man in Britain . The couple previously banked £ 1,000,000 in the EuroMillions Millionaire Raffle draw on Friday July 26 , 2013 , before they married . Despite their windfall , they decided to upgrade their prefabricated home - adding a conservatory and other improvements - rather than spend their cash on an upmarket house . Now they are looking for what they called today their ` dream home ' , although they still appeared to be thinking about a modest semi . The record for the biggest ever National Lottery win is held by husband and wife Colin and Chris Weir , from Largs in Ayrshire . They said they had been ` tickled pink ' after claiming £ 161,653,000 in July 2011 to rank among Europe 's biggest lottery winners . Psychiatric nurse Mrs Weir and Mr Weir , who worked as a TV cameraman and studio manager for 23 years , reportedly bought a fleet of cars for friends since their win as well as a mansion with their EuroMillions winnings . They are followed on the rich list by Adrian and Gillian Bayford , from Haverhill , Suffolk , who won £ 148,656,000 in August 2012 , and an anonymous ticket-holder who scooped £ 113,019,926 in October 2010 . Adrian and Gillian Bayford are the UK 's second biggest winners , pictured with cheque for £ 148million . The announcement came the day after David and Kathleen Long had their second six-figure win in two years . Scooping the jackpot : The UK 's biggest Lottery winners . The National Lottery was set up in 1994 and since then it has made more than 3,700 new millionaires and changed the lives of thousands . Topping the list of winners is Colin and Chris Weir from Largs , North Ayrshire , who scooped a massive £ 161,653,000 in July 2011 . The couple , who have been married for 30 years and have two children , shot above Ringo Starr and Sir Tom Jones in the Sunday Times Rich List after the win . Adrian and Gillian Bayford became the second richest lottery winners in August 2012 after scooping £ 148m . Gillian and Adrian Bayford , from Haverhill in Suffolk , are the second richest lottery winners after they won £ 148,656,000 in August 2012 . But the music shop worker and his nursing assistant wife , who have two young children , soon split after their jackpot win and both now have new partners . Britain 's third richest winner - who walked away with £ 113,019,926 - in October 2010 has decided to remain anonymous - much like sixth , seventh and eighth richest . Neil Trotter was living in a three-bedroom suburban semi in Surrey when he scooped £ 108million in March last year . Car mechanic Neil Trotter , pictured with his girlfriend Nicky Ottoway , won £ 108million in March last year . Dave and Angela Dawes ' lottery ticket was worth £ 101,203,600 when they cashed it in October 2011 . They have reportedly split after the win . The former car mechanic now has a £ 5million medieval mansion to call home , with its own private lake and more than 400 acres of land . In October 2011 Dave and Angela Dawes , from Wisbech in Cambridgeshire , won £ 101,203,600 and bought a £ 2million mansion in Surrey - but they have also reportedly split since the win . Nigel Page from Cirencester , Gloucestershire , is the ninth richest lottery winner after he scooped £ 56,008,113 in February 2010 .