If anyone won this debate it was the women . Their less choreographed style of body language gave the impression we were listening to real messages from real people rather than watching spin doctors ' puppets performing . Overall I 'm sure Miliband 's coaching team will be patting themselves on the back and declaring a win but his gesticulation and approach looked as manicured and choreographed as a Torville and Dean routine . Scroll down for video . Nicola Sturgeon -LRB- pictured -RRB- is a smiling assassin , making her a tricky opponent for Cameron to stand next to . In his après-Paxman mode , David Cameron -LRB- pictured -RRB- was looking serious and oozing leadership charisma . Cameron kept a firm hand on the leadership rudder . He made no mistakes but there were no surprises either . He splayed his legs , he smiled on cue and when he swivelled his huge eyes direct to camera to repeatedly use the phrase ` If I am prime minister ' it was like a hypnotist working his spell on his audience . Cameron kept a firm hand on the leadership rudder . He made no mistakes but there were no surprises either . Unlike Ed he appears fully formed rather than a body language work in progress but there were moments like when he pointed to each other leader in turn , taking them all down like skittles , that he might have scored a few more points than expected . Clegg is a good speaker but his performance was vintage , ie a complete re-run of his 2010 routine . Miliband 's coaching team will be patting themselves on the back and declaring a win following the debate . But his gesticulation and approach looked as manicured and choreographed as a Torville and Dean routine . Farage -LRB- left and right -RRB- was diminished during this debate , perhaps the only casualty of the night , and it was the women who finally took him down with a few small swats . Who do you think won the leaders ' TV debate ? Who do you think won the leaders ' TV debate ? Now share your opinion . He took enough pops at Cameron and waved his arm enough in that direction to signal an official end to the relationship that began in the Rose Garden but he looked more congruent agreeing with Cameron or fielding criticism as a double act than he did turning on him , which looked rather panto . For me Farage was diminished during this debate , perhaps the only casualty of the night , and it was the women who finally took him down with a few small swats . When Leanne told him he should be ashamed of himself he resorted to gurning to camera , looking like a naughty schoolboy being told off by a firm but kindly head . Nicola Sturgeon 's speech about ` breaking up the old boys network ' finished off the coup and between Sturgeon , Wood and Bennett we got a glimpse of what political debate might be in the future without all the showboating , over-trained , incongruent performances . All three women seemed to talk impressively but relatively normally . Sturgeon was probably the best performer of the night , leaning one elbow on her lectern and looking the most confident of the entire group . But although Natalie Bennett feigned fiery but her breathless delivery and dodgy script-reading implied some levels of stage fright . Clegg and Farage did the best Tussaud 's glassy stares , with Clegg quaffing water before the first insult had been thrown . Space and positioning defines power , meaning the line-up of the leaders is crucial in terms of creating the right kind of impact . Already buoyed up by his ` Cuthbertson fights back ' appearance against Paxman , Miliband struck lucky with the middle spot -LRB- always where the highest status people sit -RRB- and used it to the max . His raised chin and benign smile suggested he was revelling in his new role as a bit of a bruiser and the smile became smugger and smugger during the debate , although his odd , erratic smiling and eye contact suggested he was being worked by some sort of remote control . Clegg and Farage did the best Tussaud 's glassy stares , with Clegg quaffing water before the first insult had been thrown . Clegg also used the hallmark gestures of one hand in the pocket to imply blokeishness and the waving dismissively at Cameron and Miliband . Fright : Natalie Bennett , from the Green Party , feigned fiery but her breathless delivery and dodgy script-reading implied some levels of stage fright . Judi James , the Body Language analyst , said ` if anyone won this debate it was the women ' Sturgeon is a smiling assassin , making her a tricky opponent for Cameron to stand next to . In his après-Paxman mode Cameron was looking serious and oozing leadership charisma , although the slight dab of sweat on his top lip suggested he felt under pressure . Farage on the other hand had a waxy glaze to his skin although he regained his usual bounce and emphatic gesticulation when taking questions from the audience .