Almost everyone longs to be reunited with deceased friends and family . Now an app , dubbed ` Project Elysium ' , claims to do just that by creating a ` personalised afterlife experience ' with loved ones who have passed . The technology , which is still under development , could be a step towards uploading memories and personalities into computers , allowing people to live on in virtual reality . Almost everyone longs to be reunited with deceased friends and family . Now an app dubbed ` Project Elysium ' claims to do just that by creating a ` personalised afterlife experience ' with loved ones who have passed . The app 's developers have yet to reveal exactly how the technology will work . Created by Australia-based Paranormal Games , the app 's developers have yet to reveal exactly how the technology will work . What little we do know comes from their Twitter account , which features a screenshot showing someone being transformed into a 3D model . An accompanying caption says : ` Modelling my bestie and business partner Nick into Project Elysium . Our first demo will be personal to Nick . ' Dr Albert Rizzo , director of medical virtual reality at the University of Southern California said he believes potential users would have to send pictures and video of the deceased to the developer . What little we do know comes from their Twitter account , which features a screenshot showing someone being transformed into a 3D model . An accompanying caption says : ` Modelling my bestie and business partner Nick into Project Elysium . Our first demo will be personal to Nick ' But the company may also need to harvest even more data so that they can construct the person 's personality , mannerisms and movements . ` If I knew I had an incurable disease , maybe I would do a full body scan and have a digital replica created , ' Dr Rizzo told DailyMail.com . ` And I would sit down for 20 hours and have people ask me questions about my life and what I think about different things . ' He says this can all be programmed into virtual reality to create a living record of someone that people can interact with using VR headsets such as Oculus Rift . But experts are divided over how this can impact a user 's mental health . Some argue that it can provide real comfort and support in times of grief , while others say it may prevent people from moving on from trauma . Bina48 is a robotic head that uses a ` Mind Clone ' of the memories , belief and feelings of a real person . It may be possible to live forever by uploading your memories , thoughts and personality onto a computer within the next ten or twenty years , according to a leading pioneer of the technology . The technology , which is similar to that seen in the film Transcendence starring Johnny Depp , is being developed by entrepreneur Martine Rothblatt . She has already created a disturbingly realistic robotic ` clone ' of her wife Bina that she hopes will be a prototype for the technology . The robot apparently shares the ideas and personality of Bina by creating a database of her memories , beliefs and thoughts , along with information taken from social media interactions and blogs she shares . This allows the robot , called Bina48 , to express opinions and interact in conversations like a real , living person . Mrs Rothblatt , 60 , an internet radio entrepreneur who lives as a transgender woman , believes the these ` Mind Clones ' could eventually be used to help provide social interactions for people living alone and even help recreate the personalities of people after they have died . ` I think helping people to confront difficult emotional challenges done in a safe environment is a positive thing , ' said Dr Rizzo . ` When people avoid processing things , this is when it comes back and haunts them . ' ` I do n't think there is any disrespect to the dead to want to view them and interact with them , ' he added . Project Elysium has been entered into the upcoming Oculus VR Jam 2015 contest . To be eligible for the jam 's grand prize , the team have to showcase more screenshots by April 27 , followed by video footage the week after . The grand prize winner in this track will receive $ 100,000 , with runner ups earning $ 50,000 , $ 30,000 and $ 10,000 respectively . ` You can experience anything that 's possible and anything that 's impossible , ' Oculus VR founder Palmer Luckey told GamesBeat . ` It puts you into a difference space where there 's almost no rules . ' Project Elysium has been entered into the upcoming Oculus VR Jam 2015 . To be eligible for the jam 's grand prize , it has to showcase more screenshots by April 27 , followed by video footage the week after to be eligible for the jam 's grand prize . Pictured on the right is an Oculus Rift virtual reality headset .