Saturday Night Live poked fun at Hillary Clinton just hours before she is set to announce she is running for president , by mocking her decision to tell the world via social media . The former Secretary of State , played by Kate McKinnon , and one of her advisers , played by Vanessa Bayer , discuss how she will declare her intentions at noon on Sunday following years of speculation . The pair decide to record a cellphone video of the Democrat for her campaign launch in a bid to make her come across as soft and approachable , following concerns she will not be able to relate to ordinary voters . During the scene , which includes a cameo from her husband Bill , they insist her second run at the White House will be about the people and not centered around her . But , despite desperate attempts to not be self-centered , Clinton seems incapable of talking about anyone but herself and brushes off her potential competitors . The show took aim at the 67-year-old as she is expected to reveal via video that she is taking another stab at what she believes is ` the highest and hardest glass ceiling ' . Saturday Night Live skewered the news that Hillary Clinton would be announcing her presidential campaign on social media this week . The show portrayed the former Secretary of State as aggressive and driven , saying things like ; ` Citizens , you will elect me ' Former US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , Barbra Streisand and Former US President Bill Clinton at a 2013 event . It is believed she will have a string of celebrity backers for her second White House bid . Barack Obama has already given her his backing by saying he believes she will be an ` excellent president ' , but the comedians on the NBC show latched onto a memo that was made public on Saturday , saying her campaign will be humble and about ` everyday Americans ' . After decades in the public eye , and stints in political offices , she faces a challenge showing her more down-to-earth side . On her first try at recording the video she screams in a dictatorial manner : ` Citizens , you will elect me . I will be your leader . ' For the second attempt , they try to get Clinton to stop saying ` I ' or her name , but she also fails immediately . ` Hello , ' t is I , Hillary Clinton , ' she says . The two women are then joined by Bill Clinton -LRB- Darrel Hammond -RRB- , who sneaks up behind his wife as she is filming . He says how grateful he is that camera phones did not exist when he was president - because he would probably be in jail if they were . The former president tells America in his wife 's video : ` Hillary would make a great president . And I would make an even greater first dude . ' From there they decide to make talk about how difficult the election will be , and the tough challenges Clinton will face from other Democrats . She starts talking about potential rival Martin O'Malley , the former Maryland governor , but the starts laughing , saying : ` He sounds like a Simpsons character . ' Her husband makes a second appearance at this point with his saxophone , playing the theme tune to The Simpsons and revealing that he will be his wife 's Vice President . He adds that when she dies it will be ` Bill Clinton 2 : Bigger and blacker . ' After trying to quiet her husband , Clinton gives in and says ; ` Who are we kidding ? Buckle up America , cause the Clintons are back . ' She then goes over one more problem she has with her adviser - the fact she can not be her own vice president . Bill Clinton was also featured in the skit , urging America to elect Hillary so he could be her vice president . He adds that he will make a great ` First Dude ' Once she formally announces her campaign , Clinton , like all major presidential hopefuls , will no doubt be making an appearance on the show , which this week was hosted by Empire star Tarji P. Henson . However she has been targeted by Saturday Night Live many times before . Just four weeks ago she was skewered on opening sketch following revelations over her personal emails . At the beginning of a mock interview the politician describes herself as a ` relatable woman on a couch ' . ` Those emails are as clean as a whistle . What did you think those emails said ? ` Hey it 's Hilary I really screwed up on Benghazi ' . ' Former Maryland governor Martin O'Malley took to Twitter on Sunday after the actress playing Clinton compared him to a ` Simpsons character ' during the sketch . Referencing her probable run for president , she also insists : ` There will be no mistakes in my rise to the top . ' Speaking about the release of the emails , following pressure from her opponents and the media , she says : ` Go ahead , read them , you wo n't find squat . ' When she announces she will likely become the overwhelming favorite to win her party 's nomination , with no stiff opponents expected to face her in the primaries . She will inevitably have a number of celebrity backers who will stage fundraisers for her in the coming months with reports suggesting she is looking to raise $ 1.1 billion - double the amount Obama spent on his re-election campaign in 2012 . Among them are high-profile Hollywood backers including director Steven Spielberg , and actors George Clooney , Barbra Streisand and Tom Hanks . The November 2016 election will emphasize her plans to address economic inequality and will tout the historic nature of her bid to become the first woman U.S. president , aides have said . ` Who are we kidding ? Buckle up America , cause the Clintons are back , ' says Hillary in the end of the skit . Clinton will also have to quell a controversy over her work use of a private email account while secretary of state , which Republicans have said is a sign of her penchant for secrecy . Clinton has said she used the single email account for convenience and should have used government email , but violated no rules . Clinton , who lost a heavyweight Democratic nominating battle to Barack Obama in 2008 , will announce her campaign on video and social media , a Democrat familiar with her plans said . She will travel later in the week to Iowa , which holds the first nominating contest in early 2016 . In a memo made public on Saturday , Clinton 's campaign manager Robby Mook told staff while the goal was for Clinton to win the presidency , the campaign was not about her . ` We are humble : we take nothing for granted , we are never afraid to lose , we always out-compete and fight for every vote we can win . We know this campaign will be won on the ground , in states , ' he said in the campaign memo , titled ` We Are Hillary for America . ' Many Democrats have eagerly awaited Sunday 's announcement since the day in June 2008 when Clinton pulled out of her primary battle against Obama with an expression of regret that she could not crack ` that highest and hardest glass ceiling this time . ' Opinion polls show Clinton has a huge lead over potential 2016 Democratic rivals , and few are expected to enter the race . A Reuters-Ipos tracking poll shows Clinton backed by more than 60 percent of Democrats . U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts , a favorite of liberals but who says she is not running , is a distant second at 18 percent . So far , former Maryland Governor Martin O'Malley and former U.S. Senator Jim Webb of Virginia , whose support languishes in single digits in polls , are the most prominent contenders to take steps toward challenging her . Republicans have been gearing up for the battle , and a big field of Republican presidential contenders is expected . Senators Ted Cruz of Texas and Rand Paul of Kentucky have been the first to formally enter the race , and Senator Marco Rubio of Florida will jump in on Monday . Clinton operatives have already begun reaching out to top bundlers to urge them to start calling people in their donor networks , a source familiar with the matter said . At least one West Coast bundler began making calls to top donors this past week , and will place another round of calls after the announcement Sunday , the source said . She also intends to sell herself as being able to work with Congress , businesses and world leaders . In New York on Saturday , at the final event put on by ` Ready for Hillary , ' a group not connected with her campaign that 's worked for the past few years to stoke excitement for it , enthusiastic supporters joined elected officials and local party leaders to celebrate the launch to come . ` After she left the State Department she could have slipped into grandmother-hood , but people want to call her back into public service , ' said Jarret Berg , 29 , a Democratic staffer in the New York legislature . ` It 's time for her . ' As her official announcement loomed , the Republican National Committee linked Clinton to Obama , a regular focus of criticism from the GOP . ` All Hillary Clinton is offering is a continuation of the same big government ideas that have grown Washington instead of the middle class , ' RNC spokesman Michael Short said in a statement Saturday . ` That 's why voters want fresh leadership and a new direction , not four more years of Obama 's failed policies . ' Clinton -LRB- pictured on UN Woman 's day on March 10 addressing the email scandal -RRB- is expected to be the clear front runner from the Democratic nomination .