Barcelona forward Pedro 's decision to consider his Camp Nou future at the end of the season could see him end up at Anfield if Liverpool sell Raheem Sterling . The 27-year-old World Cup winner would command £ 90,000-a-week wages -- £ 10,000 less than Liverpool have offered their 20-year-old winger . Pedro would also cost considerably less than Sterling -- understood to be available for £ 50million - would sell for . Barcelona forward Pedro could join Liverpool this summer if Raheem Sterling leaves Anfield . Sterling , pictured in action against Arsenal , has rejected a new £ 100,000-a-week deal with Liverpool . Pedro , pictured celebrating a goal against Elche , would command wages of £ 90,000-a-week . If that price does not deter Manchester City , Chelsea , Arsenal or Real Madrid then Pedro , who has been looked at before by Brendan Rodgers , would become a realistic target for Liverpool . The two-times Champions League winner is set to start for Barcelona on Wednesday night against Almeria but only so that Neymar or Luis Suarez can be rested ahead of a vital away trip to Sevilla at the weekend . Pedro is believed to be tired of being the fourth man in Barcelona 's all-star three-man attack and Inter Milan and Bayern Munich have also shown an interest in him . Joining his former manager Pep Guardiola at Bayern would leave Pedro with the same difficulty when it came to getting into the first team that he encounters at Barcelona , while Inter would not be able to match Liverpool in terms of wages . Sterling has attracted interest from Arsenal , Chelsea , Manchester City , Real Madrid and Bayern Munich . Pedro has spent much of the season on the bench with Lionel Messi , Neymar and Luis Suarez starting games . Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers has scouted Pedro and could make a move for the Spain international . Rodgers admitted at the weekend that finishing outside the Champions League creates a problem when trying to sign top players but a regular starting place in Liverpool 's XI could be just as important for Pedro . Barcelona can not sign players until January 2016 but that will not stop them selling this summer if the price is right . Alex Song will also be allowed to leave the club . Two men the Catalans want to keep are Xavi Hernandez and Dani Alves . Xavi looks set to move to Qatar where he was pictured recently meeting representatives of Al Saad and touring the Aspire Academy . He does however want to delay a formal announcement until the end of the season . Alves has offers from several big European clubs but has not ruled out staying at Barcelona if they improve on the one-year contract extension they have so far offered him . Dani Alves has been offered a new one-year contract at Barcelona but he is hoping for a longer deal .