Firefighters were forced to chisel through a brick wall to free a pet cat who became stuck upside down in between a tiny gap in two garages . Grey and white cat Marv somehow managed to get wedged in a five inch gap in between owner Brendon Veale 's garage and his neighbours in Hanham , Bristol and was left dangling for two hours . The RSPCA were called and they too were unable to coax the pet from the gap and eventually firefighters had to tunnel through a garage wall with a chisel to get him free . Scroll down for video . Grey and white cat Marv was left hanging for upside for over two hours and the RSPCA were unable to coax him out . Marv was shaken by his ordeal but uninjured and was eventually reunited with Mr Veale 's two daughters Tilly and Bella . The rescue unfolded last Wednesday when a neighbour heard miaowing coming from the side of his garage . RSPCA animal welfare officer Simon Coombs tried to free the puss , but he was so tightly wedged in that he could n't move him , and called Avon Fire and Rescue Service . Firefighters spent half an hour chiselling a breezeblock free from the neighbour 's wall , revealing Marv 's tail and back legs so Mr Coombs could pull him out backwards . Firefighters were then called and they were forced to chisel through the wall in order to free Marv , who was stuck . After creating a hole in the wall , Marv 's tail and back legs were revealed and an RSPCA officer pulled him free . Marv the cat became stuck in a small gap in between two garages next to his owner 's house in Hanham , Bristol . He said : ` We do n't know how Marv got into the space , it may be that he fell into the gap and struggled to get free only to get himself well and truly stuck . ` As usual , we are immensely grateful to the fire and rescue service for their help , not to mention grateful to the neighbour , whose garage wall came off the worst in this incident ! ` It was great to see Marv reunited with his family after this real team effort to free him . ' While owner Mr Veale , a mortgage broker , added : ` My neighbour came round to tell me he thought the cat was stuck . ` He was crying out quite a bit and he was too far stuck down to get out , and also upside down , so he could n't hold on to anything . He was eventually reunited with his owner 's daughters Tilly and Bella and luckily he was uninjured . The two garages on the street in Bristol , pictured , where Marv somehow became stuck for two hours while dangling upside down . play video . play video . play video . play video . play video . play video . play video . play video . ` When they broke through he did n't have much choice in the matter , and he did cry a bit , but he was reasonably calm and was just stressed out for a few days . ` The girls were very upset - he 's their cat really - but they did a really good job of trying to keep him calm . ` My neighbour was really good about it too . I 'm in the process of trying to fix the hole in his garage . ' ` Marv does like to get into things , but this is definitely the smallest space he 's managed to squeeze into . He was a little shaken after his ordeal and stayed inside for a day or two , but he was otherwise unharmed .