Ahead of this weekend 's Premier League action , Sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and Opta stats . Here is all the information you need for West Brom 's home clash with QPR ... West Bromwich Albion vs Queens Park Rangers -LRB- The Hawthorns -RRB- . Team news . West Brom . West Brom 's Craig Dawson is suspended for the visit of QPR after he was awarded the red card wrongly given to Gareth McAuley against Manchester City . Defender McAuley was dismissed by referee Neil Swarbrick for a foul on Wilfried Bony which Dawson committed and the red card was switched to Dawson after a review . Craig Dawson -LRB- right -RRB- will serve a suspension for his challenge on Wilfried Bony following retrospective action . Ben Foster has been ruled out for six months with damaged crucial knee ligaments which the England keeper suffered in the Baggies ' last home game against Stoke while Callum McManaman is also out with a foot injury . Provisional squad : Myhill , Rose , Gamboa , Pocognoli , Wisdom , Lescott , Olsson , McAuley , Baird , Brunt , Morrison , Fletcher , Yacob , Gardner , Mulumbu , Sessegnon , Berahino , Anichebe , Ideye . QPR . QPR manager Chris Ramsey has no fresh injury concerns for Saturday 's visit to fellow Barclays Premier League strugglers West Brom . On-loan striker Mauro Zarate has returned to parent club West Ham to regain fitness while Richard Dunne and Leroy Fer are both out with knee injuries . Queens Park Rangers youngster Darnell Furlong is likely to miss out with a calf injury . Darnell Furlong is also likely to miss the game with a calf problem and Alejandro Faurlin is a long-term absentee with a cruciate ligament injury . Provisional squad : Green , Caulker , Onuoha , Yun , Wright-Phillips , Henry , Sandro , Phillips , Taarabt , Austin , Hill , McCarthy , Kranjcar , Hoilett , Vargas , Zamora , Grego-Cox . Kick-off : Saturday , 3 pm . Odds -LRB- subject to change -RRB- : . West Brom 8/11 . Draw 23/10 . QPR 9/2 . Referee : Lee Probert . Managers : Tony Pulis -LRB- West Brom -RRB- , Chris Ramsey -LRB- QPR -RRB- . Head-to-head league record : West Brom wins 16 , draws 9 , QPR wins 12 . Key match stats -LRB- supplied by Opta -RRB- . West Brom have kept six clean sheets in seven games in all competitions at the Hawthorns under Tony Pulis . Queens Park Rangers have lost 17 of their last 19 Premier League away matches -LRB- W1 D1 L17 -RRB- . Only two teams in Premier League history have ever had fewer points away from home after 14 away matches than QPR -LRB- 3 -RRB- have currently -LRB- Sunderland 2 in 2007-08 and Burnley 1 in 2009-10 -RRB- . The Baggies have won three and lost just one of the five Premier League meetings with Rangers . QPR have conceded the first goal in 23 of their 30 Premier League games this season ; more often than any other team . Charlie Austin scored a hat-trick for QPR in a 3-2 win over West Brom earlier this season at Loftus Road . Rob Green has made more errors leading to opposition goals than any other Premier League player this season -LRB- 5 -RRB- . Joleon Lescott has given away three penalties in the Premier League this season ; more than any other player . 15 of Saido Berahino 's 18 competitive goals for WBA this season have come at the Hawthorns -LRB- 83 per cent -RRB- . Harry Kane -LRB- 19 -RRB- is the only English player to have scored more Premier League goals this season than Charlie Austin -LRB- 15 -RRB- and Saido Berahino -LRB- 12 -RRB- . Since Chris Ramsey took the reins at QPR , they have found the net in six of their seven Premier League games .