When father-of-three Sean McCabe got the devastating news that he had just two months to live he set about organising the funeral - choosing the music and even booking the church . But in an extraordinary twist his cancer went into remission and he has now changed his reservation for his wedding to his fiancee Lisa Williams . Mr McCabe , 30 , of Tonyrefail , south Wales , even wrote a goodbye letter to his children for his partner to read to them once he had died after he was told he had stage four Hodgkin Lymphoma . Scroll down for video . Sean McCabe planned his own funeral after he was told he had just two months to live , but after making a recovery he was told he was in remission and has rebooked the church for his wedding to Lisa Williams -LRB- left -RRB- . ` When the doctors said my chances of survival were slim , all I could think about was Lisa and the kids . I did n't know how they would cope without me , ' said Mr McCabe , a security guard . ` Planning my funeral seemed like a way of easing the strain for them , as it would be one less ordeal for them to deal with . ' The father-of-three was diagnosed with cancer in June 2013 , then aged 28 , and was started on an intensive chemotherapy course . He was given the all-clear in September but just two months later told the cancer had returned in an even more aggressive form . He was expected to live for eight weeks . Mr McCabe was told his cancer had returned aggressively and is pictured after chemotherapy in 2014 . Doing all he could to cope with his diagnosis , Mr McCabe booked St David 's Church for his funeral , in late January 2014 . He instructed Miss Williams to ensure his favourite song , ` Who You Are ' by Jessie J was played , and ordered mourners not to wear black . As preparations got underway he picked the site for his family to scatter his ashes , and penned a heart-wrenching letter to be read to his children after his death , telling them : ` I do n't want to leave you or mammy , but I have n't got an option . ' But he managed to make a remarkable recovery and was told his cancer is now in remission . He said : ` A year ago I was planning my funeral at that church , and now I 'm planning our wedding there . The father-of-three -LRB- centre -RRB- made a miraculous recovery and is pictured with his family -LRB- from left to right -RRB- Sumer McCabe , 8 , Lisa Williams , 30 , Asia McCabe , 7 , and Kian McCabe , 12 . Mr McCabe wrote a note to this three children to be read out to them by their mother after he died . ` When Lisa walks down the aisle with our children as page boy and flower girls I 'll be fighting back tears , because we could have been in that church under very different circumstances . ' He is now due to marry Miss Williams July 25 , surrounded by their three children Kian , 11 , eight-year-old Summer and Asia , six . The couple have been together for 12 years . Miss Williams said : ` It 's been a real rollercoaster ride , but I 'm thrilled to finally being married to the man of my dreams . ` He may have planned his own funeral , but I will definitely not let him plan the wedding all on his own . ' Mr McCabe is pictured with Miss Williams before he got ill -LRB- left -RRB- , and in December 2012 with his son Kian , just before he began to feel pain and went to his GP . In December 2013 Mr McCabe was told he had a 20 per cent chance of survival -LRB- left -RRB- . The next year he was undergoing chemotherapy and about to have a bone marrow transplant -LRB- right -RRB- after the cancer returned . Mr McCabe has revealed the contents of the letter he wrote to this three children . It said : ` To Kian , Summer , Asia , the most amazing children . ` You have given me the best years of my life . Now I want you to know Daddy loves you and you will always be in my thoughts . ` I do n't want to leave you or mammy , but I have n't got an option . Mr McCabe , 30 , said he is looking forward to marrying his long term partner Lisa Williams -LRB- left -RRB- . In December 2014 Mr McCabe was recovering and had been told his cancer was now in remission . Mr McCabe 's fiancee and three children went out to celebrate his cancer being in remission in December 2014 . ` Daddy has to you to heaven and you might not see me , but I will be watching over you always . ` I want you to be happy because that makes me happy . ` Now turn that frown upside down and be big and brave for Daddy , ok . Xxxxxxxxxx . ` And Kian my handsome boy , look after your two sisters for me and mammy . For me , butty . Love you all always and forever and ever . Daddy . '