Psychologists and wellness experts have long-known that we 're at our happiest when we 're doing the things we love . But , according to one new study , a third of Australian women are not finding time for their hobbies and passions . The survey of 1,025 Australian parents , conducted by Officeworks , found that more women had foregone personal interests for work commitments or to finance ` more important ' things in the last week , than had men . The cost , says clinical psychologist and Happiness Institute wellness expert Dr Paula Watkins , will be our happiness - and potentially that of our children . According to a recent study of more than 1,000 Australian parents , a third of Australian women are not finding time for their hobbies , choosing work and ` more important things ' over their passions . ` We know that we tend to gravitate towards hobbies and interests that use our best strengths but a lot of the other things we do in our lives , including work , do not , ' Dr Watkins told Daily Mail Australia . ` This is why it 's so important for us to consciously do more of the things that bring us joy . ' Dr Watkins says changing work spaces and technology do contribute to stress and brain overload . ` We know that we 're filling life with more info , we know that technology has so many pros - but the information we 're exposed to grows exponentially , ' she says . ` We have to look at how we can break up a day at work because its abnormal for a brain to focus on a screen for 8 plus hours a day . ' ` Remember the brain is wired to pay attention , the brains will just keep processing information to the point of exhaustion , so we actually have to take more care of ourselves . Otherwise , we run the risk of over-stressing our brains , by actually not doing very much . ' Clinical psychologist and Happiness Institute Wellness Expert Dr Paula Watkins says its important to create space for the things we love to be happy . One interesting finding to come out of the recent survey , Dr Watkins says , is that twenty per cent of women are inspired to start new hobbies through social media . ` Being inspired is a great thing , so long as that translates into our real lives , ' she says . ` If it does n't , it can actually add another layer of stress . ' ` What we 're seeing is that women could actually be more inspired than ever before , right at the time that we 're also more time poor . ' So how can we create more space in our lives for the things we love ? Dr Watkins says its important to be pragmatic . ` We have to look at our lives and ask : `` what can go ? '' ' she says . ` It 's not about loading more onto our lives , we 've all done that , if we 're going to add something in , something else has to go , or we 're just going to feel overloaded . ' Spending time doing things you love with friends has the advantage of the ` accountability ' factor , Dr Watkins says . Dr Watkins also emphasises the importance of being organised . ` Get prepared , ' she says . ` Whatever your hobby or interest is , recognise that you 're actually going to need the gear to do it . ` Next time an unexpected pocket of free time opens up , you can take advantage of it if you 've got the craft stuff you need at hand , for example , or your runners under your desk at work . ' Other tips include spending more time sharing your passions with friends - this has the added ` accountability factor ' - and giving to others , perhaps by volunteering your time to others . ` Make a list , then pick one or pick two things you love -- you can shelve the other stuff for another time - it 's there , the seed has been planted , ' Dr Watkins says . Finally , Dr Watkins says women should include their ` little people ' in the things they love because hobbies and passions are created in childhood . Another worrying statistic that was revealed in the Officeworks survey is that 85 per cent of younger Australians , specifically GenY respondents , said they have also stopped pursing interests that they are passionate about because they feel they should be spending money on ` more important things ' or using their time to complete work or home duties . According to Dr Watkins , the current situation of parents failing to pursue the things they love is concerning for generations to come because it sets a dangerous cultural norm in Australia . Pursuing past-times and creative outlets has a positive impact on children , she says and promotes healthy lifestyle choices for teenagers and young adults . 1 . Lighten your load . Prioritising your commitments and saying ` no ' occasionally can free up your time . 2 . Use your breaks . Lunch breaks , coffee runs or public transport commutes provide you with opportunities to take time out . 3 . Be prepared . Being prepared can help you take advantage of opportunities . Carry your camera with you , store a journal in your bag , leave a pair of running shoes at work . 4 . Commute creatively . Create a Pinterest board on your tablet -LRB- like an iPad -RRB- , discover new artists on Spotify or read a magazine about your hobby . 5 . Include friends . Combining your social commitments with your passion is a great way to go . It help enhance your feeling of connectedness with your peers while providing you a creative or physical outlet . 6 . Prioritise passions . Focus your efforts on one or two interests at a time . Remember , you can revisit other projects later when you have more free time . 7 . Pledge a commitment . Joining a club or engaging a coach to mentor you will do two things : continually motivate you and challenge you to further develop your skills . 8 . Involve your little people . Many of our hobbies begin in childhood , so share yours with the little people in your life . Childhood is all about learning and exposing your children to new activities . It helps their brain strengthen old connections and make new ones . 9 . Make it work . With only 9 % of Aussies admitting they 're very happy at work , it 's time to get creative and find ways to enhance your workplace . Instead of attending another office meeting , suggest a walking meeting or build staff members ' hobbies into team-building activities . 10 . Gifts that give . Try volunteering or coaching to stay connected to your passion . When you commit your time to others , you 're more likely to leave work on time and prioritise your hobbies .