Zero-hours worker ? University John-Jo Pierce enjoys a cigar . Labour 's efforts to fight off accusations of hypocrisy on zero-hours contracts were in chaos last night . Party chiefs had scrambled to shore up support for Ed Miliband after it emerged that dozens of Labour councils and MPs employ staff on the controversial contracts , which he has pledged to ban . In a further blow , Parliament 's expenses watchdog rejected claims by Labour MPs that they employ staff on zero hours only because they are forced to by the Westminster system . And Labour 's biggest donor Unite also lost a humiliating tribunal ruling over an employee who claims he was sacked for complaining about being employed on a zero-hours basis . On Wednesday , Mr Miliband vowed to end the ` epidemic ' of zero-hours contracts -- and blasted the Tories for failing to protect ordinary workers . But he was accused of ` total hypocrisy ' on the issue after it emerged 68 of his MPs -- including Shadow Chancellor Ed Balls -- had employed staff on that basis in the past two years . Labour councils , including Mr Miliband 's own authority in Doncaster , have also issued 22,000 of the contracts . As the revelations emerged , party chiefs engineered a letter , signed by 100 workers and employers from ` all walks of life ' , that was also designed as a riposte to a letter signed by dozens of business leaders who backed the Tories this week . But the move backfired spectacularly last night after it emerged the signatories included a benefit fraudster , a boss who has used zero-hours workers , affluent students and a string of union and party activists . They include : . BENEFITS FRAUDSTER . One of the signatories identified herself as someone who had ` worked on -LSB- a -RSB- zero-hours contract ' , but Labour removed her name yesterday after it was revealed she had been convicted of benefit fraud in 2012 . Scroll down for video . A court in Manchester heard that Kemi Saidu , 43 , moved to Britain after she had a ` marriage of convenience ' in Nigeria in December 2007 . According to tax officials she lived with her ` husband ' , who was the holder of a British passport , ` briefly or not at all ' . She was not entitled to benefits because she was subject to ` immigration control ' , but she submitted a tax credits application and a child benefit claim for three children , two of whom did not live with her . The court heard that she moved in with a new partner but claimed £ 27,888 in tax credits in two and a half years as a single person . Boss : Fashion designer Wayne Hemingway , whose firm employed intern on zero-hours contracts , and Harrods fan Tunji Offeyi , from Tooting , south London , who had treated himself to some perfume . She was caught after she applied for leave to remain in Britain on the basis of her ` marriage ' . Officers found she had been fraudulently claiming benefits and had allowed others to use her name and national insurance number to work illegally in the UK . In July 2012 she was given a two-year suspended jail sentence and 150-hour community work order after she pleaded guilty to immigration and fraud charges along with her ` husband ' who had been working at HMRC as a security officer . A Labour spokesman said last night : ` More than 6,000 people have now signed our letter from all walks of life across the country . ` Of course we were unaware of the background of this person . The fact still remains that the epidemic of zero-hours contracts are a symbol of the failure of this Government 's economic plan . ' CIGAR-SMOKING STUDENTS . Other signatories included 21-year-old Manchester University students John-Jo Pierce and Rory Somerville . Facebook pages of the pair -- who said they were working zero-hours contracts -- included photographs of them smoking cigars whilst dressed in black tie . Black tie : Rory Somerville , aged 19 , pictured at a university ball . Mr Pierce , who is studying maths , is registered on the electoral roll at his mother 's £ 1million house which is set in woodland near Leatherhead , Surrey . His mother Deirdre , 55 , yesterday said he was ` just a kid ' who ` knows nothing about politics ' but had signed the letter after he was asked to by a fellow university student ` he vaguely knows ' . She told the Mail : ` All he did was sign a petition that somebody called Andrea asked everybody to sign . He knows a little but not much . It 's the first time he 's been interested in an election . ' She declined to discuss what work he was doing on a zero - hours contract . Mr Somerville , who is in his final year studying economics , is registered to vote at his mother 's house , in an affluent area of Belfast . Mr Pierce was also photographed at a party in front of a sign that said ` Drugz Room ' , but Mrs Pierce said it was just a ` joke ' sign that was a reference to the US television programme Breaking Bad . She said : ` John-Jo has never done drugs in his life . It 's a joke about Breaking Bad . That 's what people of that age do . They all make jokes . ' Mr Somerville did not respond to a request to comment . The ZERO-HOURS BOSS . Fashion designer Wayne Hemingway went into meltdown on live television after it was pointed out that his own firm took on interns on a zero-hours basis . Mr Hemingway , co-founder of the fashion label Red or Dead , was one of the few business figures willing to put their name to Labour 's letter . He said he had agreed to sign up ` because I want to see a party that starts to commit to reducing the inequality gap ' . But he became angry when BBC reporter Tim Willcox pointed out that his own firm had advertised for staff on a zero-hours basis . Mr Hemingway said the policy had now changed , adding : ` It is in the past -- we have changed . Are we not allowed to change ? We realised it was wrong and we changed two years ago . ' He said there was a big difference between using unpaid interns and employing someone on zero-hours . Yesterday , the firm said it still takes on unpaid interns on a short-term basis , although those staying longer are offered payment . HARRODS SHOPPER . Last night , it was revealed that trade union officials had hurriedly tried to persuade supporters to sign the pro-Labour letter just hours after the critical letter from business leaders had been published . Tunji Offeyi , from Tooting , South London , who had previously worked on a zero-hours contract as a hospital porter , said he got an email from Unite on Wednesday . Party chiefs scrambled to shore up support for Ed Miliband after it emerged dozens of Labour councils and MPs employ staff on zero-hour contracts . His Facebook page showed him posing with a Harrods shopping bag in December last year . Mr Offeyi last night said he had not been on a zero-hours contract at the time and had treated himself to some perfume . Others listed as workers on zero - hours contracts included Stacey Booth , an administration assistant at Leeds Council , who is a convenor for the GMB union . Another signatory , Rema Boumerdassi , was found to be a member of the shop workers union Usdaw . Her Twitter page describes her as a single parent and shows her and other union members posing with Russell Brand . Baris Yerli also said he used to work on a zero-hours contract , but his online CV revealed his other former jobs included working as a political office assistant at Unite . LABOUR LUVVIES . The letter claimed to be from people from ` all walks of life ' but among the signatories were Labour councillors and a former MP . Derek Wyatt , 65 , was MP for Sittingbourne but stood down at the last election . Others included Stephanie Elsy , the former Labour leader of Southwark Council who now runs her own political consultancy , and Kevin Craig , who is a Labour representative on Lambeth Council . Billy Boyle , the scientist husband of Kate Gross , a former No10 aide who ran Tony Blair 's Africa charity and died on Christmas Day aged 36 , was also a signatory of the letter . EX-BBC BOSS . Sir Michael Lyons , a former chairman of the BBC Trust , was among signatories to the letter -- despite his own high earnings and questions over his role in approving fatcat pay-offs at the Corporation . In 2013 , he faced a grilling from the House of Commons Public Accounts Committee over pay-offs , including a £ 1million package for outgoing director-general Mark Byford in 2011 . At the BBC , Sir Michael 's salary was £ 131,000 , despite the fact he worked a four-day week . His jobs since leaving the broadcaster have included a lucrative role on the board of construction firm Mouchel , where he was interim chairman on a £ 300,000 salary for a time . He is also an ex-Labour councillor and wrote a report for Ed Miliband in his role as his housing guru . THE PLUS SIZED BLOGGER . Callie Thorpe is listed on the letter as a receptionist , but online she also describes herself as a ` plus-size style and lifestyle blogger , fan of lipsticks , food , travel and self love ' . The 25-year-old , who lives in London , wrote on her web page : ` Travelling the world has always been a passion of mine , especially Thailand and I thought I would share with you the best five weeks of my life hoping that I can impart some knowledge if you too are looking to travel around Thailand or Cambodia . ' She has also posted photographs of trips to Berlin , Paris and Amsterdam . She is a size 18 to 20 .