Ed Sheeran surprised a fan in hospital for her birthday after she had to give up her tickets to his concert when she was diagnosed with cancer . The British singer , who is currently touring New Zealand , took time out of his schedule over the weekend to help Jess Knight celebrate her 20th birthday in Auckland Hospital . An ecstatic Ms Knight said she ` could n't stop smiling ' following the memorable visit . ` He was just the nicest guy . So humble and down to earth , ' Ms Knight told Daily Mail Australia . Scroll down for video . Ed Sheeran , who is currently touring New Zealand , took time out of his schedule over the weekend to help Jess Knight celebrate her 20th birthday in Auckland Hospital . ` We were so excited to meet him . We all had butterflies and a few of the girls had the shakes . ' Ms Knight had planned on being at Sheeran 's concert in Auckland having bought tickets back in October , but just two weeks later she was diagnosed with Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia . The teenager had to endure countless chemotherapy treatments and a bone marrow transplant , which meant she was forced to give up her tickets . With the help of her friends , Ms Knight launched a social media campaign to catch Sheeran 's attention and beg him to visit her in hospital . Ed Sheeran crashed Jess Knight 's hospital birthday party and happily posed for selfies with her friends and family . The British singer visited Jess Knight in Auckland Hospital after she was forced to give up her concert tickets due to her cancer treatment . Ms Knight 's friend , Anna Strong , set up the Ed Visit Jess Facebook page last month , while family and friends spruiked the hashtag #KiaOraEdPlsVisitJess to get Sheeran to visit . It was a long shot that eventually paid off . Sheeran ended up crashing Ms Knight 's birthday party in hospital in between shows over the weekend . ` When I was told he was coming we all felt a bit shell-shocked . It was something we 'd hoped would happen but it was such a long shot , ' Ms Knight said . The 20-year-old said she had butterflies in her stomach when she first met him and described his as ` humble and down to Earth ' With the help of her friends , Ms Knight launched a social media campaign to catch Sheeran 's attention and beg him to visit her in hospital . ` The whole experience has been so surreal . The New Zealand and international support has been incredible . We never expected it to go as far as it has . ' ` And for the record , no we did not plan to colour coordinate my beanie to his shirt . We both have great style . ' The British popstar spent half an hour with an awestruck Ms Knight as they spoke of food , films and his upcoming visit to South America . Sheeran is currently touring New Zealand after a string of shows across Australia . Ms Knight had planned on being at Sheeran 's concert in Auckland -LRB- pictured -RRB- having bought tickets back in October , but just two weeks later she was diagnosed with Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia . Sheeran is currently touring New Zealand after a string of shows across Australia .