A man who claims he kicked a young mother out of his car when she got too drunk on their date has been arrested for obstructing justice two weeks after she vanished . Ashley Pegram , a 28-year-old mother-of-three , left her Summerville , South Carolina home for a date with a man she had met on messaging service Kik on the evening of April 3 . Her sister , Brandy Chance , reported her missing the next day and went through her Kik account , where she found messages from a man who identified himself as 18-year-old Emoney Bon . But when she spoke with him , it emerged he was actually a 30-year-old man , Edward Primo Bonilla . Scroll down for video . Missing : Ashley Pegram , left , has been missing since she went on a date with Edward Primo Bonilla , right , on April 3 after they met online . He has now been charged with obstructing justice . Bonilla told her he had kicked her sister out of the car around midnight . On the messaging service , he had sent Pegram 's account a message apologizing for leaving her but making sure she had got home OK , WCSC reported . But surveillance video taken outside a Sunoco gas station on the night of Pegram 's disappearance shows her getting out of Bonilla 's car , entering the convenience store and returning to the vehicle at 1 am . The car then drives away with both people inside , although it is not clear if the person seen in the surveillance footage in Bonilla , WCSC reported . WVTM reported that the blue Hyundai Sonata belonged to Bonilla . He told authorities he believed he had dropped her near the Piggly Wiggly supermarket in Berkeley County . Caught on camera : She was seen inside a gas station convenience store in the early hours of April 4 . Spotted : She then headed back to a car , identified as Bonilla 's . He said he later forced her out of the car . Deputies interviewed Bonilla and during a follow-up , he allegedly gave false and misleading information , but they would not provide further details . ` At this point , foul play is a definite possibility , ' Dorchester County Sheriff 's Captain Tony Phinney said . Bonilla has been charged with obstruction of justice and he was given a $ 400,000 surety bond during a court appearance on Thursday . Pegram 's sister , Brandy Chance , said the missing woman 's children , aged 13 , eight and nine months , are devastated . ` Her little baby 's having nightmares , ' she told ABC News 4 . ` The oldest one is having depression . And I ca n't do anything , I 'm not really good for comforting now , you know . ' Have you seen her ? Pegram is a mother to three children who are devastated by her absence , family said . Chance added that her sister would often go on dates with men she met online , and even though she told Pegram it was dangerous , ` she just did n't listen ' . Pegram had been mourning the death of her boyfriend , who passed away in a traffic accident in January , but her family does not believe she would hurt herself . ` She loves us too much , ' Chance said . The 28-year-old is 5ft1 with brown har and brown eyes . She was wearing a black shirt , blue jeans and black flip flops with sparkles . If you have any information you are asked to called the Dorchester County Sheriff 's Office at 843-832-0300 . See below for video .