In a ruling that could end the reign of illegal online downloading , the Federal Court of Australia has ordered Australian internet companies to reveal the IP addresses of thousands of account holders who illegally uploaded the film The Dallas Buyers Club online . The identity of over 4,726 individuals , who shared the content online using peer-to peer sharing network BitTorrent , will be provided to the copyright holder of Dallas Buyers Club LLC due to the landmark judgement . This includes their names , IP addresses and residential addresses . Internet companies iiNet Limited , Internode , Amnet Broadband , Dodo Services , Adam Internet and Wideband Networks were all affected by the ruling . Scroll down for video . Internet companies will have to reveal names , IP addresses and residential addresses of 4,726 people who uploaded the film The Dallas Buyers Club online illegally . Internet companies iiNet Limited , Internode , Amnet Broadband , Dodo Services , Adam Internet and Wideband Networks were all affected by the ruling . Justice Nye Perram did not signify any limit to the amount of damages that the copyright holder of the film could claim directly from each individual . ` It is not beyond the realm of possibilities that damages of a sufficient size might be awarded under this provision in an appropriately serious case in a bid to deter people from the file sharing of films , ' Justice Perram said . iiNet has warned its customers to expect speculative invoicing - an ` intimidating ' letter demanding significant sums of up to us $ 7000 for an alleged infringement , or threatening higher costing court action . However , Mr Perram said in his ruling : ` I will also impose a condition on the applicants that they are to submit to me a draft of any letter they propose to send to account holders associated with the IP addresses which have been identified . The applicants will pay the costs of the proceedings ' . He added that this : ` will prevent speculative invoicing ' . iiNet has warned its customers to expect speculative invoicing - an ` intimidating ' letter demanding significant sums of up to us $ 7000 for an alleged infringement , or threatening court action . The owner of the copyright to Dallas Buyers Club - starring Matthew McConnaughey - have won their court battle . Justice Nye Perram did not signify any limit to the amount of damages that the copyright holder of the film could claim . He added that the details of the individuals had to be kept private by the film makers . Marque Lawyers boasted of their win in the courtroom on Tuesday over Twitter , writing : ` Dallas Buyers Club - we won . iiNet required to hand over ID of copyright infringements to the film studio . It 's a big precedent ... ' ` What does Dallas v iiNet mean for unauthorised uploaders ? It means you should probably stop doing that . ' The internet service providers are yet to reveal whether they plan to appeal the ruling in the designated 28 days . Marque Lawyers boasted of their win in the courtroom on Tuesday over Twitter .