Long , multi-stop air journeys need n't be a bore . Instead of attempting to sleep curled up in an uncomfortable chair under strobe lighting , long-haul travellers have never had more choice when it comes to making the most of a layover . From sun salutations in San Francisco to drinking at a swim-up bar in a hot spring in Iceland , airports are offering ever more diverse activities , and can be the gate-way to some of the world 's most incredible attractions . Here , Mail Online Travel reveals the best - and most bizarre things you can do with a couple of spare hours at an airport . While firearms are prohibited , hunting fans can practise archery deer hunting at Pittsburgh International airport . TURKEY ARCHERY IN MINNESOTA . If spas , business lounges and oyster bars are not your thing , how about spending your layover wielding a bow and arrow ? Turkey hunting season begins in April and ends at the end of May , and is allowed in designated areas around the St. Cloud Regional Airport , in Minnesota . For around £ 7 -LRB- $ 10 -RRB- permit holders can hunt wild turkey in 200 stunning acres of land . Turkey hunting is allowed in designated areas around the St. Cloud Regional Airport , in Minnesota . DEER HUNTING IN PITTSBURGH . While firearms are strictly prohibited , hunting fans can practice archery deer hunting at Pittsburgh International airport up until October . Officials at The Allegheny County Airport Authority offer a limited number of hunting permits in designated hunting zones at the airport . Hunting is a rich part of Pennsylvania 's history and the airport states on its website that hunting deer helps to meet its wildlife hazard management goals . Drink too much . As well as leading to the kind of misbehaviour most cabin crew fail to appreciate , too much alcohol will mean you spend the next leg of your journey queuing up for the onboard toilet . And that 's not somewhere anyone wants to spend too much time . Eat something dodgy . Dreaming of oysters ? If you know they 'll do funny things to your guts , see above . Get currency for the layover . It 's best to put any between flight purchases you make on your credit card , to avoid paying hefty conversion fees . Go overboard in duty free . Think of the extra weight when you 're eyeing up the large bottles of booze in duty free . Not only will you have to check in any liquid you do n't consume , but do you really want the extra weight during your trip ? If you do treat yourself , make sure whatever you buy can fit in the overhead locker . From Qatar airport you can do half or full day dune bashing tours which can take the edge of a long flight . DUNE BASHING IN DOHA . What better way to relieve the impending boredom of a lengthy flight than hurtling at top spend over the southern desert of Qatar ? If you have a half day stopover , Gulf Adventures runs with a four hour off-roading trip into the expansive dunes that fill the southern Qatar and can pick you up from the airport . Or for a longer layover Qatar International Adventures offers seven or eight hour desert safaris taking in the inland sea - the natural border to Saudi Arabia , and an afternoon in a Bedouin camp , m with the opportunity to try sand boarding , quad biking or snorkeling . The largest outdoor , seated bronze Buddha in the world is close to the Hong Kong International airport . SEE A 112 FOOT BUDDHA IN HONG KONG . Stopping at Hong Kong International airport ? Take the S1 bus to Tung Chung and grab a 25 minute cable car ride over the bay to see the enormous Tian Tan Buddha . At 112 foot tall and weighing over 250 tonnes it is the largest outdoor , seated bronze Buddha in the world and one of Hong Kong 's top tourist attractions . Singapore airport offers travellers a free two-hour city tour , which includes the famous Fountain of Wealth . VISIT THE WORLD 'S LARGEST FOUNTAIN IN SINGAPORE . If you are in Singapore and have at least five hours to spare before your connecting flight , you can register for a free two hour sightseeing tour of the city . The heritage tour has a short stopover at the Merlion Park for panoramic views and takes in the Colonial District , Central Business District and Chinatown or Little India . You will also get to see the world 's largest fountain - The Fountain of Wealth and the iconic Esplanade . Fancy some ohms ? San Francisco International Airport has two rooms dedicated to practicing yoga . Downward dogs and warrior poses could be just what you need to unwind and stretch between long flights . SUN SALUTATIONS IN SAN FRANCISCO . And relax . San Francisco International airport has not one , but two dedicated yoga rooms for weary travellers to practise some ohms . Airport officials claim that the soothing blue walls and low lights create a calm haven to reflect , stretch and relax between flights . The airport also boasts the Berman reflection room , a space intended for silence and meditation . Iceland 's Blue Lagoon is just twenty minutes from the airport , making for a blissfully relaxing layover . VISIT A THERMAL SPA WITH A SWIM UP BAR IN ICELAND . Iceland 's spectacular Blue Lagoon is just twenty minutes from Keflavik airport . Reykjavik Excursions can pick you and your carry-on baggage up from the airport and take you straight there , where you can bathe in the geothermal waters , smother your face in naturally healing silica and indulge in a drink from the swim up bar . With your luggage checked in through to your final destination and your hand luggage in the Blue Lagoon 's lockers , you can lie back and relax before heading back to the airport .