Many people long to win the lottery and enjoy the trappings of wealth . But for one woman , securing a job at the Pokemon Centre in Japan would be her dream come true . Lisa Courtney , of Hertfordshire , has spent most of her life collecting Pokemon memorabilia of all shapes and sizes . Lisa 's mother had to move to the smallest room in the house to make room for her daughter 's collection . Lisa Courtney , of Hertfordshire , has spent most of her life collecting Pokemon memorabilia . Indeed the 26-year-old has amassed so many during her 17-year hobby , she now holds the Guinness World Record for the largest collection of Pokemon items , having 25,000 of them spread around the home she shares with her mother , Sharon . ` I just love Pokemon so much - there 's just something about it that brings joy to me every day , ' said Lisa . Her fixation with the Japanese characters started at the age of nine when she saw a picture of the cartoon 's protagonist , Pikachu in a Nintendo magazine . Her collection of the Nintendo franchise has grown so large that her mother had to move from the largest to the smallest room in their house to make room for her vast array of cuddly toys , models , clothing , badges , flannels and posters . Lisa clinched the Guinness World Record for the largest collection of Pokemon memorabilia in 2009 when she had 12,113 items , but that has n't stopped her from collecting more . The devoted fan even travelled to Japan when the 11th Pokemon movie was released to get hold of exclusive merchandise that was n't available in Europe . Lisa Courtney searches for Pokemon items online at her home . Lisa Courtney owns the world 's largest collection of Pokemon memorabilia . ` I went for the release of the eleventh Pokemon movie in an attempt to get some exclusive Shaymin merchandise - it was amazing , ' she said . Despite having to sacrifice her bedroom , Lisa 's mother and the rest of her family are very supportive of her obsession and even buy her more items for special occasions . ` The first toy I ever got was a large Psyduck plush toy from Japan - my mother and grandmother ordered it from a mail order company before Pokemon hit the UK , ' she said . ` We had to guess what we were ordering because the names of the Pokemon had n't even been translated into English yet . ' For Lisa , Pokemon is n't simply a cartoon , the programme really helped her through a very difficult stage of her life . For Lisa , Pokemon is n't simply a cartoon , the programme helped her through a very difficult stage of her life . ` I started collecting when I was getting bullied at school , Pokemon was the only thing that made me feel happy . ' Sharon Courtney said she did not mind moving to a smaller bedroom as Pokemon was so important to her daughter . ` I love Pokemon now . It helped Lisa through horrific times when she was at school and was kicked in the head and the back . ` Every time she came home and was tearful she would go to Pokemon and she would be smiling . ` She would love to work in Japan at the Pokemon Centre - more than winning the lottery - that would be her dream ! ' Lisa appears on Collectaholics on BBC2 at 7 pm last night . Lisa spends seven hours a week on the internet browsing for new Pokemon releases to buy and trade , she also visits car-boot sales hunting for rare memorabilia to add to her collection . ` I try and get new merchandise as soon as the new characters come out - it 's often difficult as they are only available in Japan and America or are too expensive , ' she added . Despite trying to save money where she can Lisa does own one particular item that she is sure must be worth a fortune . ` My most valuable piece is my large Ho-Oh plush toy , it was a prize in Japan , only available in raffles and in their amusement arcades . I bought mine for £ 60 online . ` I will always collect Pokemon , here 's always something new to get . ` For me , Pokemon is like an additional family - it always lifts my spirits . ' Watch Collectaholics on BBC iPlayer .