Denial : Al Sharpton today slammed a report claiming he was banner from the funeral of Walter Scott . Al Sharpton has denied that the family of police shooting victim Walter Scott have barred him from attending his funeral because it would cause a ` circus ' of media attention . The controversial preacher and civil rights campaigner said a report that the family wanted him gone to avoid ` another Ferguson type of circus ' is ` bogus ' . He also announced that he would head to North Charleston , South Carolina , to preach and attend a vigil on Sunday , the day after the funeral . Allegations that Scott 's family wanted nothing to do with Sharpton were published by the New York Daily News . In response , Sharpton said : ` There has never been a discussion about me attending or participating in the funeral on Saturday , since everyone knows that -LSB- National Action Network 's -RSB- convention with thousands of delegates is happening in New York and does n't end until Saturday night . ' Anthony Scott , the victim 's brother , said today that the National Action Network has been working with the family since Walter Scott was shot on Saturday April 4 . Incendiary cell phone footage showed Scott being gunned down from behind by Slager after he was pulled over for having a broken tail light . Slager was fired , arrested and charged with murder when the video came to light , reigniting tensions around policing which took center stage in Ferguson , Missouri , after teenager Michael Brown was killed . Family : The New York Daily News claimed that Sharpton 's family asked him to stay away to avoid a ` circus ' . He has said it is untrue . Incendiary : Scott was shot dead by Officer Michael Slager , right , in North Charleston , South Carolina . After video footage , above , emerged of the killing , Slager was charged with murder . Sharpton said the incident proves that a new law is necessary to compel all police officers in the country to wear body cameras while on patrol . He confirmed his intention Friday morning to preach at North Charleston 's Charity Missionary Baptist Church . He said his message will be that justice should be pursued ` in a peaceful , legal way ' . After giving a service , he said he will attend a vigil at the spot where Scott was killed . Sharpton 's involvement comes after dashcam footage from Slager 's patrol car was released , showing the traffic stop moments before the shooting . From before : This footage shows Scott running away from Slager after being pulled over in his car . Slager is seen confronting Scott over his busted tail light and asking for documentation , which Scott says he does not have . When Slager returns to his patrol car , Scott flees and the officer gives chase . It is not clear what happened in the time between the dashcam footage and the cell phone video . After the shooting it emerged that Scott was some $ 7,500 behind in child support payments . It had been reported that a warrant was out for his arrest for this reason - but that was later shown to be false . Vigil : Sympathizers laid flowers at a makeshift memorial in North Charleston at the spot where Scott was killed . Tributes : A man is pictured above adjusting flower displays and condolence messages in the grassy lot where Scott was killed . Records show that he last paid child support in July 2012 . But there was no bench warrant directing officers to bring him in to face a family court judge . Scott had been in jail three times over child support . In 2008 , after a traffic stop in which he was charged with an open-container violation and driving under suspension , he was sent to jail in Charleston for six months for failing to pay about $ 6,800 . In 2011 , bench warrants ordered deputies to bring him in , and Scott spent a night in jail when he was $ 7,500 behind . In 2012 , he spent another night in jail when he owed $ 3,500 . Family members have said he may have run from Saturday 's traffic stop because he feared going back to jail over more back child support .