Blackburn Rovers are in familiar territory facing an FA Cup replay against one of the country 's best , only this time it 's Liverpool and not Manchester City . Last season , the Championship side held eventual Premier League champions City to a draw , but were then thrashed 5-0 in the return . None-the-less , midfielder Tom Cairney did n't come away from the game empty handed and grabbed Yaya Toure 's shirt at the end , which takes pride of place framed in his living room . ` I do n't know what he did with mine , I think he needed something to clean his car with ! ' Cairney jokes , hoping that there will not be a repeat when they host Liverpool on Wednesday in their FA Cup quarter-final replay . ` When we went to Anfield in the last match we were scared of failing and scared of getting hammered . That 's part of what makes you dig even deeper against those sides . ' Raheem Sterling 's contract negotiations have dominated the headlines in the past fortnight . Tom Cairney , who will face Sterling on Wednesday night , has sympathy for the young winger . Blackburn manager Gary Bowyer and his players are also hoping the Liverpool players ' studs will sink a little further into the Ewood Park turf , currently in a sorry state , to help their cause . ` Against Brighton in our last game there you had to take three touches to control the ball , ' Cairney explains . ` Personally , it 's not what I like , but if it takes Philippe Coutinho a few extra seconds to control the ball then I will be happy with that . ' It does not suit Cairney , 24 , who is a ball-playing central midfielder with a sweet left foot . But he is also not afraid to get stuck in , learned when he had a taste of the top flight as a teenager at Hull City when Phil Brown threw him in as the club were heading down . Since then , after moving to Blackburn , on loan first and permanently last summer , he would kill for a chance to get back there . One might expect him , then , to be incredulous that Liverpool 's Raheem Sterling is turning down contracts worth £ 100,000-per-week but Cairney feels sympathy instead . ` I know it sounds stupid more than one hundred grand a week but that 's the world we live in and that 's football , ' he says . ` It 's up to him . If he stays at Liverpool he will be one of the top players for the next eight years . ` He might be thinking the top dog at Liverpool is on a lot more and he feels he 's doing a job just as well . To turn down one hundred grand a week in our world is crazy but he 's in the top three 20-year-olds in the world . ' Sterling shares a laugh in training ahead of Liverpool 's FA Cup replay with Blackburn on Wednesday . Sterling has been linked with a move to Arsenal , admitting he was ` flattered ' by their interest . Part of Sterling 's issue is that boss Brendan Rodgers sometimes plays him as a wing-back instead of up front , where the player prefers . ` I was pleased when he played wing-back against us in the first match , ' Cairney adds . ` He was out of the way a little bit . ' Cairney has his own taste of superstardom , too , if only around Blackburn 's Brockhall Training Ground where he goes by the nickname of ` Justin Bieber . ' When he first joined the club , the other players dug up pictures that revealed his uncanny resemblance to the Canadian pop star . ` It was on my old Facebook . I had a basketball vest on and shades and a cap backwards , ' Cairney says . ` I did n't have any stubble because I ca n't grow it so they thought I looked a bit like Bieber . ` He 's not bad with the ladies is he ? And I like a few of his songs so it could have been worse . ' Cairney and Sterling -- and Bieber , come to that - -- were not born the last time , before this season , Blackburn met Liverpool in an FA Cup quarter-final . That was in 1958 when Ron Clayton and Ally MacLeod scored late on for Blackburn to overturn Bobby Murdoch 's early Liverpool goal . Yet Cairney 's upbringing was rich in the competition due to his father Ian . ` He used to go on about the FA Cup all the time when I was little , ' Cairney says . Blackburn were hammered by Edin Dzeko -LRB- centre -RRB- and Co in a FA Cup replay last season . ` Some people do n't see it as big as they used to in the olden days . But the FA Cup is one of the most famous competitions in world football . To play in a semi-final at Wembley would be a dream . ` He 'd go on about Hereford beating Newcastle 2-1 in 1972 , those types of games . I 'd say right , dad , bore me later , but he is right . The underdog playing the favourites , anything can happen . We 've shown that this season . ` He ca n't believe I 'm playing in an FA Cup quarter-final . He used to play four or five rounds before the Third Round and think it was good . ` If you spoke to him you 'd think he was Maradona . He played local . To be fair , he has a good touch . He played for non-League around Nottingham . ` He sometimes tells me things and I 'm like dad , shut up , you were playing against drunken keepers on Sunday mornings . ' A Wembley day out against Aston Villa welcomes the winner . If Cairney and Co make it , his father will have another FA Cup upset to go on about .