The funeral for murdered 26-year-old high school teacher Stephanie Scott will be held next Wednesday at the venue where she planned to wed her childhood sweetheart . A memorial service has been finalised to take place at the Eat Your Greens function centre in Eugowra , near Ms Scott 's home town of Canowindra in rural Central West NSW and around a three hour drive from Leeton where she worked . Ms Scott was excitedly preparing the last minute details for her wedding and her honeymoon to Tahiti with her partner of five years Aaron Leeson-Woolley , when she disappeared from her workplace at Leeton High School on Easter Sunday . She was set to tie the knot last Saturday at the Eat Your Greens centre , instead her life will be celebrated in the same place at a memorial at 1 pm this Wednesday . On Thursday the parish priest officiating at the ceremony said he was bracing himself for a hugely emotional occasion . High school teacher Stephanie Scott 's funeral will be held at the venue where she was set to get married . A memorial will be held for Ms Scott at the Eat Your Greens centre in Eugowra , near Ms Scott 's home town of Canowindra . Reverend Jonno Williams , the parish priest of the Anglican-Uniting Church at Canowindra , confirmed the venue to the ABC . He told Daily Mail Australia he knows the family well and is expecting it to be a tough day for everyone . ` I know Stephanie 's father relatively well through the time that he taught at the local Canowindra High School , ' Reverend Williams told Daily Mail Australia . ` It 's going to be a very difficult time for everyone , especially for the young people in town who knew her well . ' Reverend Williams was also yet another person who sang the praises of the young teacher whose heart-breaking tale has gripped Australia in recent weeks . ` She was vice-captain of Canowindra High School and worked at the local swimming pool when she was younger , ' Reverend Williams told Daily Mail Australia . Reverend Jonno Williams , the parish priest of the Anglican-Uniting Church at Canowindra , confirmed Ms Scott 's funeral will be held at the Eat Your Greens centre -LRB- pictured -RRB- . The priest told Daily Mail Australia he knows the family well and is expecting it to be a tough day for everyone . Mr Leeson-Woolley and Ms Scott , who was allegedly killed on Easter Sunday , were due to be married last Saturday . Stephanie is seen here having a good time with her friends and family at her hen party . ` She also worked at the local supermarket , so she was well known by everyone here from a young age . ` Throughout this time Stephanie was always known for her friendly disposition and she was always friendly with anyone that she met . ` I met her a few times myself and she showed herself to be a very friendly and cheerful girl . The community both here in Canowindra and in Leeton will be out in force to say their goodbyes on Wednesday . ' Less than a week before her wedding the Leeton high school teacher went missing on Easter Sunday . For the past 12 months , Ms Scott had been excitedly preparing her wedding to Mr Leeson-Woolley . The pair met as children playing soccer in the NSW central west town of Canowindra , where they grew up . Ms Scott was a popular teacher at Leeton High School where students paid homage to her . The 26-year-old 's burned body was found around five metres from a road in Cocoparra National Park , north of Griffith , NSW , on Friday April 10 by police in an area where her accused killer , Vincent Stanford went on regular camping trips . School cleaner Stanford , 24 , has been charged with her murder and is due to appear in court in June . The remains of Ms Scott have been formally identified . NSW Health says a post-mortem has been completed at Glebe Morgue in Sydney and a report is in the hands of the coroner . ` Additional testing is being undertaken prior to the release of Ms Scott 's body to her family , ' a spokeswoman said . For the past 12 months , Ms Scott had been excitedly preparing her wedding to Mr Leeson-Woolley . Last Saturday Ms Scott 's father Robert -LRB- left -RRB- , mother Merrilyn -LRB- centre -RRB- and sister Robyn -LRB- right -RRB- were among those gathered at a memorial service for her at Mountford Park , Leeton . Ms Scott 's distraught fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley attends the memorial service in Mountford Park . Ms Scott 's father , Robert Scott -LRB- centre -RRB- , is comforted by family members at the Mountford Park service . Mr Leeson-Woolley -LRB- right -RRB- was a forlorn figure at the Mountford Park memorial last Saturday in Leeton . The Department of Forensic Medicine has made contact with Ms Scott 's family to provide specialist grief counselling . On Monday , Ms Scott 's devastated father opened up about the grief her family is feeling as they struggle to come to terms with their daughter 's brutal murder , which took place just days before her wedding . Ms Scott 's grieving father Robert explained that it is especially painful that Stephanie 's life has been taken away when she had so much to look forward to . She was also a person who gave so much joy to others . ` Stephanie 's aim was to get everyone feeling like it was their wedding as much as hers , ' Mr Scott told The Daily Telegraph , describing Ms Scott 's bubbly and thoughtful personality . There are reminders of the wedding all over the house , yet instead of a wedding the Scott family must tragically prepare for Stephanie 's funeral . ` You walk around the house and there 's so many little things she planned for the wedding , ' said Mr Scott . Ms Scott and Mr Leeson-Woolley had been taking dancing lessons together to prepare for their first dance as an excited married couple , according to Robert . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .