A fugitive treasure hunter who took gold worth millions of dollars from a shipwreck before spending years on the run is finally facing jail . Tommy Thompson has agreed to go to prison rather than reveal details about the valuable haul he recovered from the SS Central America . In 1988 the 62-year-old led an excursion to the vessel , known as the Ship of Gold , which sank off the Carolina coast in 1857 laden with 21 tons of gold . Tommy Thompson , 62 , left , and girlfriend Alison Antekeier , 42 , have both admitted contempt of court in Columbus , Ohio . Gold bars taken from the SS Central America which sank during a hurricane in 1857 . Around 400 people drowned in the 19th-Century shipwreck . Thompson , then an oceanic engineer at Battelle Memorial Institute in Columbus , and his crew brought up thousands of bars and coins , much of them later sold to a gold marketing group in 2000 for about $ 50 million . He was accused of cheating his 161 investors , who paid $ 12.7 million to find the ship , out of the proceeds . In civil proceedings brought by a number of the backers they claimed the find was worth up to $ 260 million . Columbus attorney Rick Robol , who at one time defended Thompson 's company , said there was no proof Thompson stole anything . Thompson and his girlfriend , Alison Antekeier , 42 , failed to appear in court in 2012 and abandoned their Florida mansion . A man who had worked for the couple later discovered wads of cash hidden in the pipes and a book called How To Be Invisible at the property . Thompson and Antekeir were arrested in January after U.S. marshals tracked them down to the Boco Raton Hotel in Florida . They were said to have been staying there for more than a year and using fake names , according to U.S. marshals . ` Thompson was smart -- perhaps one of the smartest fugitives ever sought by the U.S. Marshals , along with almost limitless resources and approximately a 10-year head start , ' U.S. Marshal Michael Tobin said when the pair were found . The couple , both wearing orange jumpsuits and chains , admitted contempt of court at the federal courthouse in Columbus , Ohio , after reaching a plea bargains . ` This case started with willful disobedience of a judge 's order to appear in court and ended when the U.S. Marshals Service got their man and woman , ' prosecutors reportedly said , according to the Columbus Dispatch . An artists impression of the SS Central America sinking off the Carolina coast in 1857 . Thompson is said to be facing no more than two years in custody after he agreed to hand over $ 435,380 in cash that was found with the couple , the newspaper reported . But under the deal he will not have to testify about the gold haul he discovered in the historic shipwreck . Assistant U.S. Attorney Douglas Squires recommended Antekeier serve no prison time . Thompson was remanded into custody ahead of sentencing , but his girlfriend was released on bail .