Britain is looking forward to another week of glorious weather as bookmakers revealed this spring is now odds-on to be the warmest on record . On what is expected to be another unseasonably warm week , forecasters say temperatures in the South could reach 23C -LRB- 73F -RRB- by Wednesday . People have made the most of the sunny weather this weekend by heading to beaches and parks across the UK , with Brighton particularly busy . The best temperatures at 2 pm today were 16.2 C -LRB- 61.2 F -RRB- at Achnagart in the Scottish Highlands , followed by 14.5 C -LRB- 58.1 F -RRB- in Plymouth , Devon . Scroll down for video . On the water : Friends Katherine Salsbury and Jess Girling go paddle-boarding on the Solent off Hampshire in the warm sunshine today . Flower girl : Six-year-old Freya Burgess lies a field of cowslips today near Shepton Mallet in Somerset today . First steps : Lamborghini -LRB- left -RRB- walks at the Cattle Country Adventure Park in Berkeley , Gloucestershire , after receiving specialist care . But incoming high tides and strong winds have prompted five flood alerts to be in place today - for Devon , Cornwall , Somerset , Bristol and Cumbria . Meanwhile Ladbrokes has cut its odds on this spring being the warmest on record to 4/6 , while it is offering 2/1 on this summer being the hottest ever . Punters can also get 5/1 that the mercury will hit 100F -LRB- 37.8 C -RRB- in 2015 , or 4/1 that the April record of 29.4 C -LRB- 84.9 F -RRB- set in 1949 will be broken this year . Today will bring cloudy weather for central and eastern Britain with sunny spells and the chance of light showers , but it will be dry and bright elsewhere . And tonight will be fairly cloudy for the centre of the country with the possibility of showers , while most other areas of the UK will be dry with clear spells . Three-day forecast : Today will bring cloudy weather for central and eastern Britain with sunny spells and the chance of light showers . Absolutely soaking wet : Daniel Willcox cools down in a fountain at Southsea Splash Pool in Hampshire today . Jogging : A man and woman run through an avenue of cherry trees coming into blossom at Greenwich Park in south-east London today . Forecasters expect the South to reach 17C -LRB- 63F -RRB- tomorrow , 21C -LRB- 70F -RRB- on Tuesday , 23C -LRB- 73F -RRB- on Wednesday and 20C -LRB- 68F -RRB- on Thursday . Tomorrow will see mist and low cloud disperse from most parts of Britain in the morning to leave a bright day with sunny spells and patchy cloud . Met Office meteorologist Emma Sillitoe said yesterday : ` It is definitely very warm for this time of year as it should be around 12C -LRB- 54F -RRB- . ' The South East and South West are already on course for their sixth hottest April since records began in 1910 , according to Met Office figures . Surface chart : This Met Office graphic shows how high pressure is dominating this weekend in Britain with temperatures in the mid teens . Incoming high tides and strong winds : Five flood alerts are in place today - for Devon , Cornwall , Somerset , Bristol and Cumbria . Some 93 hours of sunshine - up 20 hours on the average - have brightened the UK already this month , but the South West is on flood watch today . Very high tides lashed by strong winds may hit seaside towns and villages along the south Devon coast this weekend , the Environment Agency said . Yesterday 's top temperature in the UK was 17.6 C -LRB- 63.7 F -RRB- - observed in Achnagart in the Highlands and Pembrey Sands in Carmarthenshire . But that was still some way off last Wednesday 's 2015 UK high of 25.1 C -LRB- 77.1 F -RRB- in Kent , making it the warmest April day in the UK for four years . Parts of Britain could face a drought as the Met Office cut its rain forecast following last week 's heatwave . The unseasonably high temperatures last week saw highs of more than 25C -LRB- 77F -RRB- in the South East - nearly double the average for this time of year . And forecasters warned that initial figures suggest that so far this month Britain has only seen 35 per cent of the average rainfall for April . The dry spell follows months of below-average rainfall and conditions are not expected to bring significant showers before May 's arrival . Met Office meteorologist Emma Sillitoe said : ` We are over halfway through the month but we 've had around a third of the rainfall we get on average . ` Over the next week temperatures are going to stay above average for most parts of the country , with the high pressure lasting until the weekend . ' Weather data for the year so far shows national rain fall has been significantly lower than average nearly every month . The year got off to a soggy start , with January seeing 20 per cent more rain than average but then 13 per cent less than usual fell in February . Last month the figure was 5 per cent below average . The Environment Agency said : ` River and groundwater levels across England are healthy . '