David Cameron , wearing notably clean new work boots , today set out seven key Tory policies which he said would help get people on to the property ladder . A million people will be able to realise the dream of home ownership by 2020 , David Cameron claimed today as he donned hi-vis to tour a building site . The Prime Minister said seven key Tory policies would help get people on to the property ladder by building more homes and cutting the cost of saving for a deposit , moving house and paying off mortgages . The Tory leader , wearing notably clean new work boots , as he chatted to house builders , insisted ` dream of home ownership is alive ' . Mr Cameron used the launch of the Conservative party manifesto yesterday to promise voters ` security at every stage of your life ' . He said the ` greatest sunshine that there can possibly be ' included helping more people but their own home , as well as getting a job and having dignity in retirement . Today the Tory leader set out a seven point plan which he claims will help build more houses and making it easier for first-time buyers , claiming it will help a million people become homeowners over the next parliament . Mr Cameron said : ` The Conservative Party is the party of working people , offering you security at every stage of your lives . ` At the heart of that is helping people onto the housing ladder . It comes back to our values . We believe if you work hard , save up , and do the right thing , you should be able to buy your own place . ` The plans in our manifesto will open home ownership to a million more people . With us , the dream of home ownership is alive . ` And it 's why we can look the working people of Britain in the eye and say we are with you . That 's why we are setting out a seven point plan to help build more houses , and help more people get a home of their own . ' The seven point plan includes the Help to Buy ISA , announced by George Osborne in last month 's Budget , which will help first-time buyers save for a deposit . For every £ 200 someone puts towards a deposit , the government will add £ 50 up to a maximum of £ 12,000 , meaning a bonus of up to £ 3,000 . Savers will be able to earn hundreds of pounds in interest before paying tax . The Tories say it is effectively a tax cut for first time buyers , and will be available from this autumn . The second policy is a pledge to will build 200,000 starter homes which will be sold at a 20 per cent discount on the market value to first time buyers under the age of 40 . Thirdly , the Help to Buy : Equity Loan scheme has been extended to 2020 . For first-time buyers who have saved a 5 per cent deposit , the government will offer a loan of 20 per cent , with the remaining 75 per cent covered by a mortgage . The Tories expect the extension to help people buy at least 100,000 new build homes over the next five years . The Tory leader , visiting the Weston Homes Aura building site , Edgware , boasted that with him in charge , the ` dream of home ownership is alive ' The fourth policy is the funding of 75,000 shared ownership homes by 2020 and the fifth is the abolition of the hated slab system of stamp duty , so it rises steadily based on the value of the home . It means stamp duty has been cut for 98 per cent of the people who pay it . For example , someone buying a house costing £ 275,000 , would pay £ 4,500 less in tax . Mr Cameron announced the two final policies in his speech yesterday . It includes a new £ 1 billion Brownfield Regeneration Fund , to help councils clear derelict or contaminated land which can be used to build 400,000 extra homes over four years . He also announced a massive extension in the Right to Buy scheme to 1.3 million housing association tenants . The existing Right to Buy allows tenants living in council-owned properties local authority tenants to buy houses and flats at a discount of as much as 70 per cent up to a maximum of £ 102,700 in London and £ 77,000 across the rest of England . Mr Cameron announced a massive extension in the Right to Buy scheme to 1.3 million housing association tenants . The Conservatives plan would extend the scheme to people living in properties owned by housing associations - not-for-profit bodies that receive public money and loans from the private sector to provide low-cost homes . Around 500,000 housing association tenants currently have no purchase rights and 800,000 who qualify only for much less generous discounts of £ 16,000 or less . Local councils will be required to sell off their most expensive properties as they become vacant , in order to raise an estimated £ 4.5 billion a year to fund the scheme . Some 15,000 houses and flats are expected to become available in this way each year , but Tories stressed that no-one will be forced out of their home .