Real estate heir and suspected murderer Robert Durst has sent a bizarre letter to a reporter that shares no details about his alleged crime , but observations about life in Los Angeles . Molly Hennessey-Fiske , a reporter for the Los Angeles Times who has been covering proceedings against Durst , 71 , after his mid-March arrest in Louisiana , received a letter purporting to have been written by the suspect in state prison . The letter , post-marked April 1st in Baton Rouge , specifically states that Durst ` said nothing about charges , crimes or trials ' but rambles on about Durst 's thoughts on life in southern California . Dick DeGuerin , Durst 's lead attorney , said that the letter looked like his client 's handwriting . Murder suspect Robert Durst has sent a bizarre letter , in which he mentions his taste for opera and pro football , to a Los Angeles Times reporter covering his case . Molly Hennessey-Fiske received the letter , which was addressed ` Hiya Holly ' from a man purporting to be Robert Durst at a Louisiana state prison . Durst , who was arrested for the 2000 murder of his friend Susan Berman last month , pleaded not guilty to weapons charges on Thursday . Above , he is escorted to prison after his arraignment on March 17 . Hennessey-Fiske , a veteran reporter for the West Coast newspaper , is the outlet 's Houston bureau chief and has been covering Durst 's legal proceeding . ` Bob is his own person and he 's writing letters to people . As long as they 're not discussing the facts or legal plans or strategy , I do n't have any problem with it , ' Mr DeGuerin told The Los Angeles Times . Durst , who was heir to a vast real estate empire before becoming estranged from his family , was arrested last month for the suspected 2000 murder of his friend , writer Susan Berman , in Los Angeles . His letter to Hennessey-Fiske , her paper 's Houston bureau chief , does not speak about on his impending extradition to California , but touches on various topics of conversation related to Los Angeles . In sloppy handwritten text with grammar mistakes , Durst spoke about places he lived in the city ` part-time ' from 2008 to 2011 . He said he ` hated LA traffic , which makes Houston look like a small town ' before going on to say that his interests are ` opera and pro football ' . Durst began the letter with an apparent mixing up of Hennesey-Fiske 's first name by writing ` Hiya Holly ' . Hiya Holly , . I used to read your biline , from 2008-2011 I lived part time in L.A. , I had a great apt in 1100 Alta Loma and I had bought a great apt complex on Brynhurst . Sareb Kaufman was my broker . I loved watching the traffic come up La Cienaga and mush into Santa Monica , hated L.A. traffic which makes Houston seem like a small town . Used to breakfast at coffee whatever on Sunset . My interests are opera and pro football . Your politicos and business leaders have chosen to fight rather than agree to disagree and there was no football . Like L.A. Opera except for Wagner 's ring cycle with the absurd costumes and sloped stage , a true example of Hollywood gone berserk . As my minor balance prb . expanded to full blown hydrocephalus , requiring a shunt . I knew if I was going to let some guy drill into my head , there was no place I would be willing to go ahead other than the Houston Medical Center and I left L.A. I have said nothing about charges , crimes or trials . If you decide to used any of this , which is OK , please make the above clear . I am sure you know what your abilities are to visit me when I get to L.A. , which is , if any of this gets published , please copy me . Bob . -LRB- Grammar and spelling errors throughout -RRB- . Durst -LRB- right -RRB- was long thought to be involved in the murder of his friend and confidante Susan Berman -LRB- left -RRB- before his arrest . He is currently state and federal gun charges before being extradited to California . He blamed the lack of football in LA on ` politicos and business leaders ' who ` have chosen to fight rather than agree to disagree ' . The suspect said that he liked the L.A. Opera , with the exception of 19th century German composer Richard Wagner 's The Ring Cycle , a 15-hour , three part show based on Norse legend . Durst said that he disliked the ` absurd costumes and sloped stage , a true example of Hollywood gone berserk ' . The letter also gives information about the elderly man 's health , and said that he moved from California to Texas to ` let some guy drill into my head ' during surgery for what he says is hydrocephalus , water on the brain . Last year Durst had a shunt on the his head to drain water . Handwriting , including that on a 2000 letter to Beverly Hills Police informing them about the dead body of Susan Berman , is expected to play a part in the case against Durst for the murder of his friend . Evidence that came to light during the filming of HBO 's The Jinx shows similar handwriting to the ` cadaver ' letter on an envelope sent to Berman before her death -LRB- left -RRB- . Right , another sample of his letter-writing . He also asked to be ` copied ' if any of the information from his letter to Hennessey-Fiske was published . The millionaire , who gained $ 65 million from a court settlement with his family over his inheritance , was arrested in mid-March at a hotel in New Orleans after leaving his home in Houston . His life and criminal trials have gained more attention after he was the subject of an HBO documentary series called The Jinx , which delved into the Berman killing as well as two other deaths to which he is connected . Many observers think that the heir also played a role in the disappearance of his wife Kathleen McCormack in 1982 and have speculated that he killed his confidante Berman so that she did not reveal any information to police . He was found not guilty in 2003 of killing a man who was his neighbor at Galveston , Texas , house where Durst was living and pretending to be a mute woman named Dorothy Ciner . The HBO documentary series The Jinx delved into a letter Durst wrote to Berman obtained by the victim 's stepson Sareb Kaufman . Durst , seen with The Jinx director Andrew Jarecki , willingly participated in the series , though he was later caught telling himself that he killed all the people he is accused of murdering . Durst admitted to chopping up the body of the Texas man , Morris Black , and dumping into Galveston Bay , but said the killing was in self-defense . The Jinx captured footage of Durst allegedly admitting to himself that he killed all three people while wearing a still-live microphone . ` Killed them all , ' he said while in the bathroom after an interview . Durst was recently indicted on weapons charges for the revolver found in his New Orleans hotel room , a development that will most likely delay his extradition to California for the Berman trial . He is currently staying in the mental ward of state prison and is being held without bail . As a convicted felon he is barred from owning a gun in Louisiana , but pleaded not guilty to the charges on Thursday . He is also charged with having a gun while in possession of five ounces marijuana and faces up to 30 years in prison in addition to federal firearms charges . The arrest in the Berman case , in which Durst was long thought to have played a part , came after new evidence from the victim 's stepson was shown as part of the HBO series . The final episode of the Jinx ran the day after Durst was arrested . Durst -LRB- right -RRB- is also thought to have been involved in the disappearance of his first wife Kathleen McCormack -LRB- right -RRB- and admitted to killing Morris Black -LRB- left -RRB- but said it was in self-defense . Durst 's lawyer Dick DeGuerin -LRB- pictured in March -RRB- said that he does not mind his client sending letters from prison as long as they do n't give away legal strategy . An episode also focused on a letter to Berman from Durst obtained by Berman 's stepson Sareb Kaufman , where the handwriting matched a message to police alerting them of the writer 's death . Initial Los Angeles Police investigations into the ` cadaver ' letter believed that Berman 's manager Nyle Brenner wrote the message , according to the New York Daily News . However the handwriting matches the letter from Kaufman , who is mentioned in Durst 's recent letter to Hennessey-Fiske as his broker for an apartment deal , and contained the same spelling mistake of Beverly Hills as ` Beverley Hills ' . Durst 's lawyer Mr DeGuerin told the Los Angeles Times that the handwriting appeared authentic , but ` It certainly does n't look like the cadaver letter ' . The similarities between Durst 's previous correspondence and the anonymous letter sent to the Beverly Hills police is expected to play a role in his trial in California . Durst ends his letter to Hennessey-Fiske by saying that she is probably aware of her ability to visit him once he returns to Los Angeles .