Train conductor Graham Palmer is the first to admit his poetic works are n't Shakespeare , but when they 're delivered over the Tannoy his passengers certainly do n't seem to mind . Palmer , 52 , has been giving safety announcements and other messages in verse since last year when Northern Rail encouraged their guards to give their addresses a festive flavour . The rhymes were a hit with travellers and have been going strong since , and he even customises the self-penned couplets according to the stations his carriages are passing through . Train conductor Graham Palmer delivers safety announcements over the Tanny in the form of poetry . Palmer , 52 , has delighted Northern Rail passengers with his self-penned poems since Christmas last year . ` The poems are n't that clever really . They 're not Wordsworth , but it 's all a bit of fun , ' he told Gazette Live . ` I was a bit self-conscious to start with but I 've got more confident now , especially when I see the smiles on people 's faces . ` I do n't do them for every announcement and I try to mix them up a bit . For our regular passengers , it 's probably a little bit repetitive but then again , so are safety announcements ! ' Palmer , who lives in Skelton and works out of Middlesbrough Station , has worked on trains since 2006 after a career working with glass and five years as a handyman for Age Concern Teesside . His poem 's are anything but serious but they do get his messages about safety and ticket policy across . One as passengers enter the train goes : ` I 'm Graham your conductor and welcome on track , Safety information 's at front and back . Keep all your personal belongings in view , As you do n't want anything missing , do you ? Despite being a local hero with his colourful announcements , Graham still has to check his tickets . Have your tickets and passes ready to see , And if you have neither , you 'll have to pay me . If you 're buying a ticket , please have the right money , ` Cos my tea 's going cold and it 's simply not funny . ' Graham said : ` I 'm taking the mickey out of myself a little bit and it 's all done tongue in cheek , but at least it 's getting the message across . And the best words you can hear as a conductor are ` I 'm glad it 's you today ' . ' Passenger Kath Sainsbury , of Saltburn , said Graham is ` well known and liked by all his regular passengers ' . She said : ` His jolly personality gives us all a lift . ' I 'm Graham your conductor and welcome on track . Safety information 's at front and back . Keep all your personal belongings in view . As you do n't want anything missing , do you ? Have your tickets and passes ready to see . And if you have neither , you 'll have to pay me . If you 're buying a ticket , please have the right money . Cos my tea 's going cold and it 's simply not funny . Thank you for travelling on Northern with Graham . Please use the handrails when you step from the train . If you 're making connections , consult platform screens . Or ask station staff if there 's any to be seen . Keep your tickets and passes to exit the gate . ` Cos any delay and you 'll be in late . Tell Northern Rail Twitter how it was for you . Cos we value your feedback , yes we really do ! Graham says he 's taking the Mickey out of himself a bit ` but at least it 's getting the message across ' Graham 's boss , Northern 's conductor team manager at Middlesbrough Colin Savage , is pleased with the response from the public but does n't expect his colleague to follow suit if they do n't want to . ` Graham 's delivering the announcements in a different way which makes people listen , so we 're delighted , ' he said . ` The other conductors are scared we 're going to make them do it too , but we do n't have any plans ! ' Graham , married to Trudy for 22 years , likes to freshen his poems up with couplets penned at home and make them relevant to the stations his trains pass through .