Thirty years ago this month something as basic as two men hitting balls around a table with a stick gripped the nation by the throat . It was as iconic a moment of the Eighties as Duran Duran , yuppies , football hooliganism and Mrs Thatcher handbagging the unions . It was Steve Davis -- lean , robotic and unsmiling -- versus Dennis Taylor -- tubby and splendidly bespectacled . ` And so the lights go down , ' whispered commentator Ted Lowe to 18.5 million viewers . ` The players shake hands . One of these lucky chaps will pick up the title , the trophy and £ 60,000 . ' Steve Davis -LRB- left -RRB- and Dennis Taylor pose with the trophy before their World Snooker final in 1985 . Davis was leading the final 8-0 when he missed a shot on the green that he has rued to this day . Taylor pounced upon the error from Davis to overturn the difference and lead 9-7 overnight . The 1985 final was watched by 18.5 million , a BBC2 record , but it is way behind the most-watched sporting events : . 1 . 1966 World Cup final 32.30 m . 2 . 1970 FA Cup final replay Chelsea v Leeds 28.49 m . 3 . 2012 London Olympics Opening Ceremony 27.3 m . 4 . 2012 Closing Ceremony26 .3 m . 5 . 1984 Winter Olympics Torvill and Dean23 .95 m . 6 . 1998 World Cup England v Argentina 23.78 m . With those words the biggest British television audience for a post-midnight programme and BBC2 's biggest for anything ever , settled down to watch the 35th and final frame of the 1985 World Championship , a torture of edgy , error-ridden , nerve-frayed snooker lasting 68 minutes . Before reliving those late agonies , we should go back a little further because Davis remembers the turning point of the match not as the black he overcut with his last , disastrous shot of the tournament , but something as innocuous as a green ball in the ninth frame . He was leading 8-0 while Taylor , as Davis put it , was ` struggling to find the end of his tip with the chalk , never mind the pockets ' . Davis says now : ` If ever I was going to have therapy , it would not be about the black . Anybody could miss a ball under pressure . The green was a different story because I did n't need to play it . I should have played safe and waited for a better chance . ` If there is one shot in my whole career I want to go back and play again , it is that one . I missed it and it let Dennis in . ' From being on the verge of 9-0 down , Taylor fought back to 9-7 overnight . ` I woke up screaming every hour , ' recalls Davis . He was the world No 1 , winner the previous two years , and had made the perfect start . ` What could go wrong ? ' he muses now . ` The green . ' Taylor performs his famous finger-wagging celebration after sinking the final black . To rake up that final with Davis even now is to intrude into a type of personal grief . ` While I am happy to talk about it , I 'm slightly aggrieved that nobody celebrated the 25th anniversary of me beating John Parrott 18-3 in 1989 , ' he says , three-quarters joking . ` Dennis loves it , of course . We say that every opportunity he gets in the commentary box he somehow manages to turn the conversation around to the ’85 final , even when we are discussing a free ball . ' Davis 's lead went from 14-11 to 15-12 to 15-15 to 17-15 . Then all square at 17-17 . Snooker was in its heyday , with cartoon-book characters such as Hurricane Higgins and Whirlwind White putting it second only to football in national popularity and this frame was the zenith . Davis sipped his water sparingly throughout . Taylor frequently muttered to his mother , who had died , aged 62 , a few months before . It provided him with a welcome distraction from watching Davis dominating the table . But the championship came down to the final four balls . Taylor needed them all . He potted a great long brown , a difficult blue and a tricky pink . Taylor went over to kiss the little lady on the trophy before taking on the black . Davis led again 14-11 but the pair were eventually all square at 17-17 in Sheffield . The final came down to four balls left on the table and Taylor needed them all to claim victory . Taylor looks to the trophy for inspiration before taking an important shot in the final against Davis . Davis missed a black that seven out of ten times in competition he would have converted . ` I do n't know why I did it to this day , ' he said . ` I think it was either I am going to win you with this shot or lose you with it . I had made my mind up I was going to go for it . ' Taylor tries to double the black into the middle pocket . ` The crowd opposite the pocket were in a better position than me to see it and they started cheering , ' says Taylor . ` But it missed by a fraction . ' Davis then plays a superb safety shot , doubling the black from one end to the other . Taylor tries to double it again , this time up and down the table . It falls safe . Davis fluffs his next shot and lets Taylor in -- a long black through the blue and green spots and his first genuine chance to take the title . ` I twitched on it , ' recalls Taylor . ` It was the biggest twitch ever seen at the Crucible . My head came up and the cue jerked at it . I missed it by so much the black came back and I almost fluked it at the other end . ' Now here was Davis 's chance : a cut into the bottom corner pocket . ` I walked away thinking there was no way he would miss it , ' says Taylor . Thirty years on , Davis reckons he would have potted this shot nine times out of 10 in practice and seven out of 10 in competition . ` It was tough but gettable and I was meant to be the man who got everything , ' he says . Referee John Williams calls for silence . Davis approaches the table . ` I remember that walk was surreal , an out-of-body experience . My legs had gone . It did not feel as if any part of my anatomy was playing that shot . ' He crouches in total silence but overcuts the ball . Davis : ` I knew I 'd lost it at that moment . ' He put his hand to his head . He was white . The black he had left was straight forward . Only nerves could cause Taylor to flunk it . There were more cheers . Taylor , the underdog , was anecdotally most people 's choice to win , though ironically it turned out that his future wife , Louise , was supporting Davis as she watched the match at home . Taylor remembers : ` I could n't believe I was coming back to the table . As I took the shot , I did n't even grip the cue ; I let it rest in my hand , so I would have to let go of it and it would n't deviate . ' It worked , and the black was sunk . Taylor potted a straight forward black to win the final after 14 hours and 50 minutes of snooker . Davis looks at the ground after losing the final he had never been behind in until the last ball hit the pocket . Taylor kisses the trophy after finally emerging victorious after his lengthy duel with Davis . And so after 14 hours and 50 minutes of snooker , for every second of which Taylor had been behind , he was the champion of the world . He held his cue aloft in both hands above his head and pumped it over his head . He wagged his finger . It was an ` I told you so gesture ' aimed at his friend Trevor East , head of ITV Sport , who had watched all but one session of Taylor 's entire championship campaign . It was 12.19 am and time for bed . ` Interesting ' by Steve Davis is published by Ebury Press , priced at £ 20 .