Pamela Anderson has come in for criticism for her very public show of support for an Arizona sheriff notorious for his controversial opinions and racial profiling of Latinos . Joe Arpaio , who calls himself ` America 's Toughest Sheriff ' , and the former Baywatch star appeared odd soul-mates as they joined together at the Maricopa County Jail on Wednesday to promote the benefits of an all-vegetarian diet . Arpaio says cutting meat from the meals served to the more than 8,000 inmates has saved an estimated $ 200,000 per year . The jail has been serving vegetarian meals for 16 months now . Scroll down for video . The odd couple : PETA spokesperson Pamela Anderson joined forced with controversial Arizona sheriff Joe Arpaio on Wednesday to promote the benefits of a vegetarian diet for prison inmates . Pamela Anderson was all smiles as she joined Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio to serve vegetarian meals to inmates at the Maricopa County Jail , making it the first jail in the country to go entirely vegetarian . Inmates are served a peanut butter sandwich with oranges and some crackers for brunch and a hot meal comprised of different vegetable and soy dishes for dinner . Anderson , a longtime vegan and a spokeswoman for the animal rights group People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals , said she hopes the meal initiative stands as a model for prisons and jails across the country . Anderson and PETA have came under fire for their association with the polarizing Arpaio , who has long faced criticism that he unfairly targets minorities for law enforcement . He has described himself as an ` equal opportunity guy , I lock up everybody . ' PETA 's Senior Vice President Dan Mathews told ThinkProgress that the food he saw and tasted during a tour of the food factory plant last month was healthy . ` I was incredibly impressed to see the fresh produce , ' he said . But a Fox News affiliate reporter who visited in 2013 commented that the carrots in the stew were brown and that the soy looked like ` wood chips . ' Anderson and PETA have came under fire for their association with the polarizing Arpaio , who has long faced criticism that he unfairly targets minorities for law enforcement . Anderson , dressed in a red and black stripped top , signed autographs for inmates as she toured the prison which includes an outdoor area known as Tent City . Arpaio responded , ` Oh , that 's probably just dirt . Do n't worry about that . ' Inmates , who receive just two meals a day , have previously called the food being served as ` slop . ' The stunt at Maricopa County Jail on Wednesday as described as ` a new low for PETA ' by ThinkProgress . Anderson , dressed in a red and black stripped top , signed autographs for inmates as she toured the prison which includes an outdoor area known as Tent City . An outdoor jail with electric fencing , Tent City can hold more than two thousand immigrant detainees . Because the heat can rise to 137 degrees during the summer months , the tent structure serves primarily as brutal physical punishment . ` We 're saving a lot of lives and I think it 's very helpful and encouraging to get people to eat compassionately and make non-violent choices , ' said Anderson . Anderson , a longtime vegan and a spokeswoman for the animal rights group People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals , said she hopes the meal initiative stands as a model for prisons and jails across the country . A press conference at Tent City came to an abrupt end when reporters asked the sheriff to compare the $ 200,000 meat-free savings to the $ 14 million the agency is spending to comply with a court order that found sheriff 's deputies discriminated against Latino residents . ` It 's comparing apples to oranges , ' Arpaio said . ` We wo n't be getting into that today , thanks very much . ' An appeals court on Wednesday upheld key findings in the 2013 ruling that deputies under Sheriff Arpaio systemically committed racial profiling of Latinos . The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals upheld the previous ruling by District Judge Murray Snow that unconstitutional practices targeting immigrants had extended traffic stops in the Phoenix area . The decision by Snow marked the first time that the sheriff 's office known for immigration enforcement had been found to have racially profiled people . The judge is requiring Arpaio 's officers to video-record traffic stops , collect data on stops and undergo training to ensure they are n't acting unconstitutionally . A press conference came to an abrupt end when reporters asked Sheriff Arpaio , right , to compare the $ 200,000 meat-free savings to the $ 14 million the agency is spending to comply with a court order that found sheriff 's deputies discriminated against Latino residents .