This may look like your average wooden wardrobe , but it actually has a hidden purpose . Concealed within its doors is a tiny trapdoor that leads to a secret underground passageway stretching some 500 feet towards the U.S. border . Mexican soldiers uncovered the suspected drugs tunnel and arrested nine people before they managed to dig under the border and successfully into American territory . Scroll down for video . Does it lead to Narnia ? Mexican soldiers uncovered a trapdoor leading to a suspected drugs tunnel hidden inside this wooden wardrobe . A Mexican official prepares to descend the 10 feet long ladder to enter the hidden tunnel in the border town of Tijuana . The sophisticated passageway was wired with lights , ventilation and what appears to be a cart system by the gang of drugs runners . The 66ft deep route , which was still under construction and was being built next to the Tijuana checkpoint , was wired with lights and ventilation . Soldiers who entered the passageway , just west of A.L. Rodriguez International Airport , had to descend a 10 feet ladder to access the muddy path . Officials said the route had not yet crossed the border and only stretched some 500 feet . But officials believe if it had been left undiscovered it would have surfaced somewhere just inside U.S. territory . The site of the tunnel is estimated to be around seven miles by car from the official border crossing at San Ysidro , but is less than a mile as the crow flies from the actual border . The border is just over 22 miles from the city of San Diego , California . When soldiers raided the property they also reportedly seized 44 pounds of marijuana and a truck being used by the racket to move the excavated earth . The tunnel was said to be close to the Mexican air force installation as well as a regional federal police facility . Government officials have said that similar tunnels have also been used to smuggle migrants into the United States . Over the past decade , dozens of illegal tunnels have been found across the roughly 2,000 mile U.S.-Mexico border . A soldier examines the tunnel which already stretched some 500 feet from the property when it was discovered by Mexican soldiers . The route had not yet reached U.S. soil , but if it went undiscovered official believe it would have surfaced a short distance from the border . Barrels containing dirt excavated to make way for the passageway were lined up ready to be emptied at the tunnels entrance . The property in Tijuana , close to the border , where the start of the tunnel was discovered by Mexican soldiers .