A former elementary school teacher who police say was obsessed with one of her 11-year-old students has waived a preliminary hearing on a felony charge that she interfered with the girl 's legal custody . Geraldine Alcorn , 29 , of Pittsburgh , and her attorney declined to comment as they walked from a city magistrate 's courtroom Wednesday . In exchange for the waiver -- which means Alcorn must now stand trial on the charge or take some kind of plea bargain -- Allegheny County prosecutors dropped two other misdemeanors she faced : luring a child into a vehicle and corruption of minors . Leaving court : Geraldine Alcorn , left , leaves court on Wednesday April 1 , 2015 , in Pittsburgh after waiving a preliminary hearing on Wednesday on a felony charge that she interfered with the girl 's custody . Geraldine Alcorn , pictured walking to court on Wednesday , allegedly encrypted her phone number on the girl 's math homework , exchanged thousands of text messages with her and even spoke of adopting her . Obsessed teacher : Geraldine Alcorn , 28 , faces multiple charges for ` obsessively ' texting an 11-year-old student . Prosecutors , who also declined to comment , allege Alcorn encrypted her phone number on the girl 's math homework , exchanged thousands of text messages with her and even talked of adopting and running away with the girl before Alcorn resigned last month . The girl 's mother , a single parent , complained to school officials after finding out Alcorn had visited the girl at their home while the mother was working . The mother then found stickers and letters from Alcorn in the girl 's school binder , plus two letters the girl wrote to Alcorn with three headings : ` Things Ms. Alcorn and I can do , ' `` what we can do , ' and ` when we can do it , ' the criminal complaint said . The girl told police she and Alcorn kept their relationship secret and , among other things , Alcorn discussed adopting the girl or taking her from her home . Alcorn had told the girl that ` they would be on the run for a while , ' if Alcorn followed through on that , police said . Alcorn is not believed to have sexual feelings for the girl but allegedly told police of a ` deep love ' she has for her . Pittsburgh Public Schools officials learned Feb. 13 that ` a teacher had developed an improper attachment ' with a student at Pittsburgh Beechwood , a pre-K-5 school . Alcorn resigned March 2 . Police said she tried to contact the girl on March 13 , a Friday , when Alcorn returned to gather her personal belongings . The following Monday , police said , the girl found ` gifts and several letters , some encrypted , in her locker and desk , ' according to the criminal complaint . ` The letters , written by Alcorn , instructed the 11-year-old female to contact her . ' Alcorn hid her phone number on a math worksheet by telling the girl to dial numbers that had been circled , police said . Planned to run away : Geraldine Alcorn , left , leaving court on Wednesday , told the little girl she planned to run away with her and adopt her . Talked of going on the run : Attorney , Michael Worgul , left , leads Geraldine Alcorn , center left , down the steps from court Wednesday after she was accused of ` interfering with the child 's custody ' Did n't stop contact : Alcorn continued to contact the student even after she was forced to resign and warned to stay away from the 11-year-old , police say .