Breakthrough ? : Early tests carried out on cancer cells -LRB- like the one pictured -RRB- have shown survival rates in mice were boosted by more than 50 per cent . A new technique that effectively gives a personal treatment for cancer has been found by scientists . It harnesses the power of the body 's immune system and targets it at tumours . Early experiments have demonstrated that the new method could revolutionise cancer care . Scientists have found a system of priming the body 's immune system to recognise , attack and kill off cancerous cells in lung , skin and bowel tumours . The team which carried out the research found that early trials ` profoundly retarded ' tumour growth in mice . Survival rates were boosted by more than 50 per cent , according to results published in the journal Nature last night . The scientists are now recruiting patients with skin cancer for the first clinical trial on humans . British experts said it is the most promising sign yet that ` personal ' treatments may be effective in treating a wide range of cancers . Until now most cancer drugs have been designed according to the type of tumour they are attacking -- a broad-brush approach in which the type of drug is selected depending on the body part in which the tumour is sited . But the new focus on personal cancer therapy instead aims to harness each individual 's immune system and give it a boost depending on the genetic make-up of the tumour itself . The ground-breaking technique may provide a universal blueprint for vaccines that can target a wide range of human cancers . And it overcomes the problem of cancer presenting an ever-moving target that constantly evolves to evade the immune system . Scientists last night welcomed the German team 's breakthrough . Professor Kevin Harrington , from the Institute of Cancer Research , London , said : ` This study provides the first evidence that we may be on the threshold of being able to produce individualised vaccines directed against specific mutations present in a patient 's tumour . Advances : People with skin cancer are now being recruited for the first human trial . ` Rapid production of purpose-built vaccines appears possible and can now be tested in carefully designed clinical trials . ` As yet , this approach must be seen as experimental but it potentially represents a new way of harnessing the power of the immune system against cancer . ' The scientists , led by Dr Ugur Sahin , of Johannes Gutenberg University in Mainz , identified tumour-specific mutations linked to the different cancers and showed that many of them could be recognised by the body 's immune system . They then created vaccines based on the body 's own RNA -- a genetic messenger -- which encouraged the immune system to direct itself towards the weakest part of the tumour . The treatment was shown to boost the body 's T-cells , which detect , hunt down and destroy cancer cells . Of the mice treated , two-thirds were alive after 100 days . Of those that did not receive treatment all died within 65 days . When repeated vaccinations were administered , ` tumour growth was profoundly retarded ' , the authors wrote . Professor Peter Johnson , from the Cancer Research UK Centre at Southampton General Hospital , said : ` This technique provides the first evidence that it may be possible to direct the immune system to fight cancer using personalised vaccines . '