Police have launched a major investigation into claims of sexual abuse at care homes in Nottinghamshire dating back more than 70 years . Operation Xeres will focus on allegations relating to abuse at Skegby Hall children 's home near Mansfield . The inquiry will also look into nine other centres in Nottinghamshire where children were said to have been physically or sexually abused . Skegby Hall in Mansfield , which was a former children 's care home . Police have launched an investigation looking into claims of sexual abuse at the home . The 10 centres , all of which have either closed or changed their use since the time of the alleged abuse , also includes Whatton Youth Detention Centre . Also being investigated are three former residential centres in Mansfield and five others in Worksop , Southwell and Stapleford . The inquiry will have a team of 20 people looking into the abuse claims and will also include two social workers . Three of the 23 allegations relate to a former youth detention centre , where teenage inmates were detained with the oldest claim dating back to the 1940s . Police will look at whether the abuse was systematic or organised . However , they say they are aware many of the records relating to the homes may no longer exist and that some of the alleged perpetrators may have died . The investigation comes after calls for an inquiry by people who claimed they were sexually abused at Skegby Hall . The investigation called Operation Xeres has been launched by Nottinghamshire Police , pictured . The inquiry will have a team of 20 people looking into the abuse claims and will also include two social workers . A separate inquiry called Operation Daybreak is already looking at child abuse at homes in Nottingham in the 1960s and 70s . It comes after 189 former residents of 18 children 's homes in Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire say they were abused between the 1950s and 1980s . So far 11 people have been arrested in connection with the inquiry . Among the victims to speak to Nottinghamshire Police in connection with alleged abuse is Golden Globe and Bafta winner , Samantha Morton . The actress who spent most of her childhood living in institutions in Nottingham , spoke out last year saying she was abused by two male residential home workers at the Red Tile Children 's Home when she was just 13 . The double-Oscar nominee said she decided to waive her right to anonymity in the wake of a report detailing sexual exploitation of 1,400 children over a period of 16 years in Rotherham , South Yorkshire .