Shirley Temple 's bitter ex-husband tried to derail her appointment to a diplomatic post by calling her 'em otionally unstable ' during her FBI background check . John George Agar told an agent in 1969 to think twice because Temple would ` overreact if she did n't get her way ' . He also said that her mother had wrecked their marriage because she interfered in their affairs too much . His efforts were unsuccessful as dozens of other people including Ronald Reagan came to Temple 's defense and called her a ` very courageous woman of the highest morals ' . SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . Child star : Shirley Temple made her name as the child actor who cheered America through the Depression but in later years she was a committed Republican who wanted to serve her country . Public roles : She was initially used to fame as the star of Bright Eyes , Curly Top and Heidi , but Shirley Temple turned to public service and was US ambassador to Ghana in 1974-1976 and Czechoslovakia 1989-1992 . Bitter ex : John Agar , who was Shirley Temple 's first husband , was determined to bad mouth her as the FBI launched a detailed background check when she was nominated for office by Richard Nixon . The couple married when she was 17 and were photographed -LRB- above -RRB- two years later . The claims were revealed in FBI files obtained by Daily Mail Online through Freedom of Information requests . Temple was a child star whose career began at three ; she became the biggest actress in America in the 1930s and raked in an unheard of $ 50,000 a film after the success of movies like Bright Eyes and Curly Top . Her career ran until she was 22 at which point she began doing charity work and became well known for her Republican views , running unsuccessfully for a House seat in California in 1967 . In 1969 President Nixon wanted to appoint her to the post of US representative to the UN so the FBI carried out a full background check , which included everything from her credit history to interviews with former teachers . Among those the agents spoke to was Agar , Temple 's first husband who she married at 17 and divorced in 1950 at the age of 22 after they had a daughter together . Her divorce petition said that Temple had endured ` grievous mental suffering ' and that Agar had subjected her to ` extreme cruelty ' . When the FBI agent came to speak with Agar , the file states he told them that he had not been in contact with his ex-wife at all since they split up two decades before . The report states : ` He further stated that during his marriage her mother interfered with their affairs , which caused part of their marital problems . ` He advised he would hesitate to recommend -LSB- her -RSB- for a position of trust and confidence in the Federal government as , during their marriage , he considered her emotionally unstable in that she had a tendency to ` overreact ' if she did not get her way ' . Agar did however say there was ` no question ' over her integrity or her associates . President Reagan , who was governor of California at the time , gave a statement through his assistant that Temple was a friend of his for 25 years and that she had served on the state Advisory Hospital Council . Political : Richard Nixon had known Shirley Temple long before he was president . They are seen in 1960 at a benefit for the Multiple Sclerosis Society . Nixon was running for president and Temple a staunch Republican . Loyal : Shirley Temple with her second husband Charles Black . FBI background reports said that they had a strong marriage and that she was a committed patriot . Rescuer : Ronald Reagan had appeared alongside Shirley Temple in That Hagen Girl in 1947 . He was California 's governor when he and others endorsed her for office during FBI background checks , unlike her ex-husband . He said that he had the ` utmost trust and confidence ' in her abilities and that he considers her ` loyalty , morals , character , reputation and associates to be beyond reproach ' . The report said : ` He said he had never heard anything derogatory about -LRB- Temple -RRB- and he highly recommended her for a position of trust and responsibility in the United States government ' . The picture from other people who were interviewed by the FBI was generally positive , with a few reservations . Sheriff Earl Whitmore of Redwood City in California , where Temple was living at the time , said that her ` loyalty to this country is completely unquestioned ' . However Lucille Hosmer , who got to know Temple when she was running for Congress , said that she was ` somewhat naive in her acceptance of people and organisations ' . She also claimed that Temple was ` aloof ' and that she had been accused of ` snobbery ' because she does n't have a good memory for names and faces . Hosmer also claimed that Temple was ` not a deep thinker ' and needs a good team around her to function well . Another female Republican advisor who was spoken to says that Temple ` can not stand the flak of controversy ' whilst a second said that she is ` easily directed ' . A former district office manager for California Representative Paul McCloskey , whose name has been redacted , says that he had a ` personal like for -LSB- her -RSB- and felt she was completely sincere in what she does ' . Friends : Shirley Temple was a friend of Richard Nixon , who nominated her for the American ambassadorship to the UN , and of J Edgar Hoover , whose agency was asked to investigated her background . Family life : Shirley Temple became a full-time mother to her children -LRB- from left -RRB- Susan Agar , whose father was her first husband , and Charles Jr and Lori , by her second husband Charles Black -LRB- right -RRB- . Devoted : Shirley Temple and her second husband Charles Black . The files praised their family life and said the manager of their country club ` considers the Blacks to be one of the finest families she has ever known ' there . But he also felt that Temple ` did not have the intellectual background for the job she was seeking ' . The FBI file is very much a product of its time and calls Temple an ` unemployed housewife except when she worked as an actress ' . An account of an interview with the manager of the Menlo Country Club , whose name has been redacted , suggesting she is still alive , said : ` She stated she considers the Blacks to be one of the finest families that she has ever known at the club and described the Black children as very fine , strictly raised children . ' A summary document of interviews prepared by FBI agent Donald Kuno reveals that some of those spoken to thought she was ` not outstanding in administrative matters ' . The file claims that Temple and FBI director J Edgar Hoover were friends and says that agents were not to conduct neighborhood surveillance on her ` unless the need arises ' , and only with approval of their superiors at the bureau . Temple was appointed to the post but only held it from September until December 1969 . By 1974 Temple was being lined up for the post of US ambassador to Ghana after Secretary of State Henry Kissinger heard her discussing Namibia at a party and was ` surprised that I even knew the word ' , Temple said in one interview . The FBI carried out more checks on her past and approached future President George H.W. Bush , who was chairman of the Republican National Committee at the time , to give his view of her . The response was that Bush had known Temple through her work at the UN and that he ` knows of no information which could conceivably contract from her good character , associates , reputation , and loyalty ' . She got the post , which she held for two years , and was then Gerald Ford 's chief of protocol , from July 1976 until January 1977 . Temple would later serve as US ambassador to Czechoslovakia from 1989 to 1992 , a role that President Bush awarded to her whilst he was in office . She died last year aged 85 having been married to her second husband Charles Black until his death in 2005 . President Bush said at the time that he and his wife were mourning the loss of an ` American icon ' . READ THE DOCUMENTS IN FULL BELOW . Shirley Temple FOIA FBI File uploaded by DailyMail.com .