The never-ending chaos at Leeds continued on Friday as six players withdrew from Saturday 's game at Charlton citing injury . Italian quartet Mirco Antenucci , Giuseppe Bellusci , Dario del Fabro and Marco Silvestri , Frenchman Souleymane Doukara and Albanian Edgar Cani all told beleaguered head coach Neil Redfearn they were injured and could not travel to London . Five of the sextet were signed by banned president Massimo Cellino , while Cani 's deal was set-up by the Italian before he was banned by the Football League for failing its Owners and Directors Test . Mirco Antenucci is one of six Leeds players to have withdrawn from the squad to face Charlton with injury . It is understood that Redfearn was not aware of any problems with the players and that United 's physio was not aware of any injuries . After receiving criticism from Leeds fans on Twitter after the story surfaced , Antenucci Tweeted : ` I 'm reading a lot bad thing about myself in the last time.tomorrow i 'll not be in the match because I got injured yesterday.it 's the truth . ` I read so much wickedness and insults in many posts.i 'm a serious professional but if someone likes to insult me there is no problem . my injury is in the right leg did yesterday in training . a muscle injury . ' Goalkeeper Silvestri also Tweeted , posting a picture of a cut on his back which he suffered during Tuesday 's loss at Norwich . He , Antenucci and Bellusci have been first-team regulars this season , with Cani , Del Fabro and Doukara resigned to roles on the fringes . It is understood that Neil Redfearn and the medical team were unaware of the players ' injuries . Redfearn 's position at Elland Road has become increasingly threatened over recent weeks , despite leading the club to Championship safety after taking off from ill-fated predecessors David Hockaday and Darko Milanic . He saw assistant Steve Thompson lose his job without warning on April 2 and his own deal , which expires at the end of the season , looks increasingly unlikely to be renewed under the club 's current regime . Cellino is currently banned after being being found guilty of not paying tax on a yacht in Italy . He has been banned from holding any influence over the club since the end of January and is set to return in a fortnight 's time . Leeds were not available for comment .