When Ellia Beasley was a teenager , she enjoyed singing along to the lyrics of one of her favourite tunes - Rooftops by Lost Prophets . She loved the song so much , she decided to have a tattoo on her belly in 2012 featuring the lyrics ` scream your heart out ' . But the aspiring model from New Milton , Hampshire , lived to regret her decision after the band 's lead singer was later exposed as a serial paedophile and child abuser . Scroll down for video . Ellia Beasley has more than 20 tattoos but lived to regret featuring Lost Prophet lyrics in one of her inkings . Ellia had the line ` scream your heart out ' written across her belly from the song Rooftops . Ian Watkins , 37 , was sent to prison for 35 years in 2013 after being convicted of a string of child sex offences - including the attempted rape of a fan 's baby . Ellia said she was shocked when she heard about Watkin 's depraved crimes - and hated the fact she was associated with him thanks to her tattoo . ` When I found out about Ian Watkins I was disgusted , ' she said on the new series of Channel 5 show Tattoo Disasters . ` It 's wrong and he completely abused his power . I was ashamed I had something of his on my body and it 's stuck there . ' In an interview with FEMAIL , Ellia , now 22 , said she was never a huge fan of the band but she had the tattoo because the lyrics resonated with her when she was younger . Singer Ian Watkins was sent to prison for 35 years for a string of child sex offences . ` Scream your heart out did n't have any personal meaning but it was a line that stuck in my head and I liked singing it aloud , ' she said . ` I wanted to have a tattoo across the bottom of my stomach and I thought lyrics would look good there so I chose that line because I liked the song . ' The tattoo - which cost £ 60 - was not Ellia 's first . She already had eight and now has more than 20 -LRB- she 's lost count of the exact number -RRB- on her arms , legs and body . But she no longer wanted to have the Lost Prophet 's lyrics following Watkin 's imprisonment and struggled to cover it up when she wore crop tops and vests when regularly working out at the gym . ` Everyone kept asking me what I was going to do about it , ' she said . She admitted that laser removal surgery was ` not an option ' as she had heard it was extremely painful and expensive . So instead , she contacted a number of tattoo artists to see if they could cover the lyrics by working them into a new tattoo design . But none of the artists she spoke to could think of a way to do it . They told her the tattoo was too bold to be obscured . However , Ellia was then put in contact with tattooist to the stars Kevin Paul who is based in Derbyshire . He has inked the bodies of many famous people including Ed Sheeran and Harry Styles . Ellia with tattooist to the stars Kevin Paul who had an idea of a design to cover the lyrics . Before : Ellia had been told she would never be rid of the line because the tattoo was too big and bold . After : Kevin was able to hide the lyrics with this owl design that Ellia loves . After meeting Ellia , he came up with the idea to paint a giant owl on her stomach . After agreeing to the design , Ellia spent a total of ten and a half hours at Kevin 's studio having the tattoo drawn and coloured in . She said getting the tattoo was ` horrifically painful ' but she has no regrets . She said : ` I really like the new design . It 's pretty and you ca n't see the lyrics at all now , you would never know they had been there . ' The experience has n't put Ellia off having more tattoos in the future - in fact she 's already planning to have a giant picture of Ganesh painted across her whole back . But she added she would think twice about having lyrics tattooed on her body again - unless they had a personal significance .