Children as young as four have been investigated for drug and sex offences - and toddlers aged just two suspected of assault , it was revealed today . Shocking figures from West Midlands Police also show a nine-year-old has been probed on suspicion of criminal damage and a four-year-old questioned over an assault . Between 2009 and 2014 a total of 617 youngsters aged under ten in the region either committed , of were suspected of committing , a crime . Investigated : Between 2009 and 2014 a total of 617 youngsters aged under ten in the West Midlands either committed , of were suspected of committing , a crime , according to figures -LRB- file picture posed by model -RRB- . They include 41 nine-year-old boys investigated for crimes last year including five suspected of sexual offences , according to the details released after a Freedom of Information Act request . A nine-year-old girl was also linked to a case of criminal damage while a five-year-old girl was alleged to have committed sexual activity with a child . The legal age of criminal responsibility in England and Wales is ten . But four-year-old children have also been investigated on suspicion of possessing cannabis , criminal damage , assault , theft and sexual activity with a child aged under 13 . In both 2013 and 2014 two-year-old boys were believed to be behind assaults and in 2012 a three-year-old girl was suspected of being responsible for a theft . Publication : West Midlands Police -LRB- whose headquarters in Birmingham are pictured -RRB- released figures showing that in both 2013 and 2014 two-year-old boys were believed to be behind assaults . Police admitted some of the figures may be inaccurate - including statistics showing a rape suspect aged minus three , and a one-year-old breaching a non-molestation order . A boy of 13 became one of Britain 's youngest murderers after he was jailed for at least 12 years for killing a woman he had just mugged by stamping on her face so hard it left a footprint on her cheek . CCTV footage showed the horrendous moment Petri Kurti murdered 47-year-old Glynis Bensley before he fled to a nearby park in Smethwick , West Midlands , and boasted about the savage attack . The schoolboy , who was named last Friday after a judge lifted a reporting restriction order , will be on licence for life . Sentencing , Judge John Warner said he had been ` running wild ' in his home life . A force spokesman said : ` The response features information collated in good faith from millions of pieces of data stored on force systems which , on reflection , contains some inaccuracies as a result of human inputting errors at the time of the crime being recorded . ' He added that the FOI response was released with the following caveat : ` Although every effort is made to ensure the figures presented are accurate and complete , the data collected is subject to inaccuracies inherent in any large-scale recorded system . ` As a consequence , care should be taken to ensure data collection processes and their inevitable limitations are taken into account when interpreting those data . ` Data on ages is calculated from date of birth , which is inputted manually . Therefore inaccuracies may result from human error . '