West Bromwich Albion had just produced a typical Tony Pulis performance to beat his former club Crystal Palace 2-0 when he claimed he will never change . The 57-year-old 's gritty , resilient playing style is well reflected in the touchline attire he insists on wearing at every game ; cap , track suit and shiny white trainers . James Morrison headed in within two minutes and Craig Gardner added a stunning 30-yard strike in the second half , but Alan Pardew 's side dominated the remainder of the game only to be met by West Brom 's stubborn doggedness . West Brom manager Tony Pulis led his side to a 2-0 victory over his former employers Crystal Palace . Baggies midfielder Craig Gardener -LRB- right -RRB- shoots to score his side 's second goal against Crystal Palace . Gardner -LRB- left -RRB- celebrates alongside team-mate Joleon Lescott -LRB- right -RRB- during the 2-0 win over Crystal Palace . West Brom midfielder James Morrison -LRB- right -RRB- dribbles with the ball away from Palace 's Jason Puncheon -LRB- left -RRB- . All viewed by Pulis beneath the peak of that cap . ` I 'd never take my cap off during a game they 'd have to put it in my contract , ' he explained . ` I watched the first game for Albion and sat upstairs in a suit . I came down after 10 minutes because I 'd had enough of sitting there . That 's just the way I am . I want to be close to the action . ' West Brom ended their run of 10 away games without a victory , drawing five and losing five . Pulis will turn up to the stadium in suit and tie , then return to that again straight after the match to address the press before he leaves . Pardew was resplendent in full suit and tie on Saturday . Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino admitted last week that he started smartening up on the sideline after his chairman Daniel Levy told him to . ` I 'll leave it for all the sophisticated lads , ' Pulis added . ` I 've always done it and I do n't see no reason not to just because we 're in the Premier League with all the TV cameras and everything . I 've done it right from my days at Bournemouth . ' Why change a ritual that works ? The three points moved West Brom to 36 points which virtually guarantees them safety . Much like he achieved at Palace last year . That 's worth doffing your cap to . Palace winger Wilfried Zaha -LRB- left -RRB- is tackled by West Brom 's Gardener -LRB- right -RRB- during the match on Saturday . Pulis has worked wonders at West Brom and has virtually assured their survival in the Premier League .