John Carver has challenged his Newcastle players to relieve the pressure on their shoulders by adding another dent to Liverpool 's Champions League hopes . The Reds have slipped to seven points adrift of fourth-placed Manchester City as a result of successive defeats by Manchester United and Arsenal , although things could have been worse had the champions managed to emerge from Monday night 's trip to Crystal Palace with something to show for their efforts . Brendan Rodgers ' men ended their mini-slump on Wednesday evening with a 1-0 FA Cup quarter-final replay victory at Blackburn , and Carver knows they will will determined to add three points to that to keep alive their hopes of a top-four finish when the Magpies head for Anfield on Monday evening . John Carver says his players need to relieve the pressure of their shoulders with a win against Liverpool . He said : ` They are only seven points off it , I think , and they 'll think they have still got a chance , seven points off it with seven games to go . ` I remember our football club having a huge gap for -LRB- to win -RRB- the championship and it dwindling away , so anything is possible . ` They 'll think they 've still got a chance of getting into that top four , and I 'll be very surprised if the manager does n't prepare his team thinking like that , so we know we are going to have a difficult game . Brendan Rodgers and his side have slipped out of the top four and out of Champions League contention . ` But there 's a bit of pressure on ourselves as well . ' That pressure comes specifically because of Sunday 's 1-0 derby defeat at Sunderland , the Magpies ' fifth successive reverse in the fixture , but more generally as a result of a run of 13 games in all competition under their current head coach which has brought just two victories . Newcastle have not added to their points tally of 35 since they beat Aston Villa on February 28 , some four games ago , and have scored just once in the process . The Newcastle boss looks increasingly unlikely to get the job , with his results failing to impress . They remain nine points clear of the relegation zone , but with European challengers Tottenham heading for St James ' Park next weekend , the situation could get worse before it gets better . Carver 's cause has not been helped by an injury and suspension list which at some points has robbed him of an entire XI , and while there is light at the end of the tunnel for midfielders Rolando Aarons and Siem de Jong , the trip to Merseyside will come too soon . Carver said : ` I would say Rolando is certainly ahead of Siem de Jong at the moment , but neither of those guys will be available this weekend . ' Rolando Aarons -LRB- left -RRB- and Siem de Jong are back in training but wo n't be available for Monday night .