Lindsey Vonn made another appearance in Augusta on Thursday to cheer on her golfer boyfriend Tiger Woods while he goes after a fifth Masters championship after back surgery temporarily put his career on ice last year . Woods ' children were n't around this time , though . And without them , ski champ Vonn looked less like the beautiful stepmom and more like a girlfriend concerned for her struggling beau . Vonn 's sympathy should come as no surprise , not only because she is girlfriend . She 's also come roaring back from her own terrible injuries . Scroll down for video . There for Tiger : Ski champ Lindsey Vonn looked a little teed off at the first day of the Masters in Augusta , Georgia , on Thursday as her beau Tiger made some high profile mistakes . Not happy : Tiger tossed his driver after hitting off the ninth tee and sending the ball onto the first fairway during first round play of the Masters golf tournament at the Augusta National Golf Course in Augusta , Georgia Thursday . The 30-year-old 's right knee has been rebuilt not once but twice . And Tiger is no doubt hoping he can pull off a feat like Vonn 's breathtaking return to alpine skiing , in which she most recently won her 67th World Cup downhill skiiing championship , according to the New York Times . Still , Vonn appeared worried as she watched Woods flash his notorious temper on a couple of errant shots as he struggled to prove he 's still No. 1 worldwide -- and not No. 111 , where his rank plummeted following back surgery last year . Vonn appeared to sweat it out along with Tiger after he yanked his tee shot into the adjacent first fairway and let the club fall from his hands in disgust while he stood frozen , staring incredulously at the flight of his ball . Woods bent his third shot around a tree and onto the green before two-putting for bogey to stand seven shots behind the early pacesetter . Been there : Vonn has struggled with her own injuries . The Olympic gold medalist has had two major knee surgeries in the last few years . Take a cue from his girlfriend : Woods can only hope to have the comeback that Vonn had . She won her 67th World Cup win and 18th season title after coming back from her second knee surgery . Holding strong : Vonn appeared tense as she watched Tiger struggle to get back into form following some early flubs on the first day of the Masters . Gathering himself , Woods pulled off a skillful shot from the pine straw , hooking the ball to the back of the green . Low scores were readily available thanks to soft greens at Augusta National Golf Club and 29 players were under par as Woods began the back nine on a warm , gentle day at Augusta . The 39-year-old American , who missed last year 's Masters after surgery , three-putted the first hole for a bogey but balanced that with a birdie at the par-five second after a great approach shot to five feet . He then failed to cash in at the short par-four third after a booming tee shot left him just short of the green at the 340-yard hole . Choosing to chip rather than putt , Woods hit it strong and rolled some 15 feet by and two-putted for a disappointing par . Not playing stepmom : On Wednesday , Vonn showed up in Augusta alongside Tiger 's two children with ex-wife Elin Nordegren . On Thursday , the kids were nowhere to be seen . Standing out : Vonn watches play on at the 6th hole during Round 1 of the 79th Masters Golf Tournament at Augusta National Golf Club . Woods then bogeyed the long par-three fourth after finding the front bunker . The 14-times major winner blasted out strong and took two to get down for another bogey . A birdie at the par-five eighth got him back to level par . But the American gave the stroke back at the ninth before making his way to the back nine and Amen Corner . The world 's best golfers gathered on the eve of the Masters on Wednesday to take on a nine-hole course , often with their wives , girlfriends or kids as caddies , as part of the Par 3 Contest . And it seemed that golf WAG and U.S. skier Lindsey Vonn appeared to be the only caddie to have opted out of the bland , white jumpsuit uniform . Tiger Woods showed up to the event at the Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta , Georgia , with his two children , Sam , 8 , and Charlie , 6 , and his girlfriend Lindsey Vonn , who was dressed in a floor-length , spaghetti strap gown , accessorized with diamonds and Louis Vuitton . Playing stepmom : Seen here Thursday , Vonn holds up her dress from the grass as she talks to Woods 's children , Charlie -LRB- center -RRB- and Sam -LRB- right -RRB- . Vonn 's dress appeared to pool on the grass as she spoke to Tiger , standing next to U.S. golfer Steve Stricker . She chose not to wear the requisite white caddie outfit that Tiger 's children and the other caddie 's wore during Wednesday 's par 3 event . Louis Vuitton Chain Louise Bag . Get the LV look ! Visit site . She 's golf 's most famous WAG and she 's got the style to prove it . Lindsey Vonn looked fabulous while supporting husband Tiger Woods at the Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta , Georgia . She sported a slinky green dress and a gorgeous Louis Vuitton chain ` Louise ' crossbody bag that we are just dying to get our hands on . Click right to scoop up the classic investment item for $ 2180 . Otherwise have a scour through our style edit of beige , chain-strap crossbody bags for $ 195 and under . We adore our classic options from Coach , MICHAEL Michael Kors and Rebecca Minkoff . Or put a stripe on it with GX By Gwen Stefani 's ` Hankie ' bag for just $ 59.95 . GX By Gwen Stefani Hankie Bag at Zappos . Visit site . COACH Polished Pebble Leather Crosstown Crossbody at Zappos . Visit site . Rebecca Minkoff Mini MAC Cross Body Bag at Shopbop . Visit site . MICHAEL Michael Kors Jet Set Cross Body Bag at Shopbop . Visit site . Vonn 's long green dress strands out next to Charlie and Sam 's white jumpsuits , the uniform most wives and girlfriends and children wore during the event . Matching in green , Vonn and former Secretary of State Condoleeza Rice applaud during the Par 3 contest .