David Cameron has been secretly using hair dye to turn back the years Nigel Farage suggested today . In a dig at the Prime Minister , the Ukip leader said that he was ` jealous ' of how the Tory leader has reversed the greying process while in Downing Street . After clashing at last week 's televised leaders debate , Mr Farage said he had shaken Mr Cameron 's hand and ` complimented him on his appearance ' . Scroll down for video . David Cameron - who has been accused of trying to hide his bald spot - has been secretly using hair dye to turn back the years , Nigel Farage suggested today . He added : ` Any man who can reverse the greying process I 'm jealous of . ` I 'm going to have a go myself , it 's a wonderful thing . He 's also lost a lot of weight , he 's going out jogging . ' Asked if he thought Mr Cameron was too vain , Mr Farage said : ` To a certain extent they all are . Some people it worries to death and others really do n't worry too much . ' Mr Cameron , 48 , has previously been accused of visiting stylists and even trichologists to keep his hair looking youthful . In 2011 , Downing Street was forced to deny claims Mr Cameron was fighting the relentless process with unnatural help after his grey hairs looked less prominent , . ` I promise you he has not dyed his hair , ' a spokesman said . ` The Prime Minister has other things to think about , he 's just not like that . ' Mr Farage said he was ` jealous ' of how the Tory leader has reversed the greying process while in Downing Street . Asked if he thought Mr Cameron was too vain , a greying Mr Farage said : ` To a certain extent they all are . Some people it worries to death and others really do n't worry too much ' Before he was elected Mr Cameron , the youngest premier in almost 200 years , revealed he was concerned about going grey . ` I 've had a few grey hairs and I expect I 'll get a few more , whatever happens . This is a relentless process , ' he said . A Tory party spokesman last night refused to comment on whether Mr Cameron dyes his hair .