Scientists are baffled after discovering a rare deep sea oarfish had washed up on a salt marsh in New Zealand . The serpent like specimen was found by a local man at the entrance of the Otago Harbour , in Dunedin on Thursday . Samples of the bizaree creature , known to swim vertically as well self-amputate its own tail , were sent to see Otago Museum for testing . Department of Conservation service manager David Agnew pictured with a three-metre oarfish which washed up at the entrance of the Otago Harbour on Thursday . Department of Conservation service manager David Agnew told Daily Mail Australia he had never seen anything like it . ` I was in the area when a local man called me and said he had found a strange looking fish on his morning walk . It was unlike anything I had ever seen . ' ` It must have just washed up and it was very fresh . It 's a very weird looking creature . Instead of scales it has this smooth skin , like tinfoil , and if you rubbed it the silver would come onto your hand . ' Mr Agnew snapped some images and sent them off to the University of Otago . ` They got back to me very quickly to say it was an oarfish , which I had never heard of . It 's incredibly rare to see them in New Zealand . ' Samples of the deep sea fish , known to swim vertically as well self-amputate its own tail , were sent to see Otago Museum for testing . The bizarre deep sea creatures are known to swim vertically as well as eating sections of their own tail . The fish , which can grow to eleven metres in length , are are known to eat of sections of their own tail . Scientists have been unable to explain why they self-amputate , but some have proposed it is a form of protection . The frightening appearance of the fish means they have have been associated with various myths , including people mistaking them for sea-serpents . It has even been suggested that the Loch Ness Monster was an oarfish . The frightening appearance of the fish has led to some people mistaking them for mythical sea-serpents . Otago Museum later took tissue and organ samples of the elusive fish in a bid to find out what caused it to be washed ashore . ` Oarfish are typically often found hundreds of metres underwater . It 's likely this fish was moved here from a very strong current , ' Mr Agnew said .