They like to play a bit of Queen at Bournemouth 's little home in the minutes before their matches start . They might be better served singing The Grand Old Duke of York . Only those 10,000 men on that hill could possibly relate to the absurdities of Bournemouth 's afternoon engagement with Sheffield Wednesday . In sequence , they went from top to third to second to top to second again in the space of one 2-2 draw . They are neither up nor down ; they are neither falling apart nor running away with the loot . How delightfully fitting in this remarkable season of Championship football that a team unbeaten in 10 before Saturday 's kick-off would draw at home to a side with nothing to gain or lose . Chris Maguire converts an injury time penalty so salvage a draw for Sheffield Wednesday at Dean Court . Maguire celebrates his late , late strike as the Owls held Bournemouth to a draw on their home turf . The battle for automatic promotion to the Premier League is hotting up with three points covering four teams and with two games to play . 1 Watford 85 pts To play Apr 25 Brighton -LRB- a -RRB- , May 2 Sheff Wed -LRB- h -RRB- . 2 Bournemouth 84 pts Apr 27 Bolton -LRB- h -RRB- , May 2 Charlton -LRB- a -RRB- . 3 Middlesbrough 84 pts Apr 25 Fulham -LRB- a -RRB- , May 2 Brighton -LRB- h -RRB- . 4 Norwich 82 pts Apr 25 Rotherham -LRB- a -RRB- , May 2 Fulham -LRB- h -RRB- . And how . They dominated , then they trailed , then they levelled and had a man sent off . Then their fans got mocked by a Wednesday player and then they led and then the player that did the mocking scored a penalty in stoppage time that irritated the home crowd all over again . Brilliantly bonkers . How significantly will Chris Maguire of Wednesday feature in Bournemouth 's final analysis ? How serious was Eddie Howe when he indicated that the referees feel Bournemouth , at 15 kicks , have reached their quota for penalties this season ? He was unhappy , to put it mildly , that Lewis Buxton was cleared of fouling Callum Wilson in the second half , telling a radio station : ` It looked like the referees have come together and talked about Callum Wilson and said , `` Do n't give him any penalties because Bournemouth have had too many this season and we do n't want them to have any more '' . ' Kieran Lee -LRB- second right -RRB- celebrates with his team after his 36th minute header put the visitors ahead . He toned down his sentiments by the time he met the written press and that is probably for the best . Howe is a good and rational man ; certainly one of the most upwardly mobile and promising of all English coaches . A sign of the pressure of this incredible promotion race , then ? Who could blame him if it was ? Middlesbrough had beaten Norwich on Friday night to take Bournemouth 's place at the top and at 3.36 pm on Saturday Kieran Lee put Wednesday in front . When Craig Cathcart scored a magnificent volley for Watford against Birmingham -- the only goal of the match -- Watford were top and Bournemouth were third . The natives grew restless . Then Yann Kermorgant equalised , lifting Bournemouth back up to second , and a home fan screamed into a camcorder held by a policeman . Senses take leave at this time of a season , which might also explain how Simon Francis quickly landed himself a second yellow card . Maguire turned to the home fans and motioned for them to dry their eyes . Alas , Matt Ritchie then hit the top corner and put Bournemouth top again but in stoppage time Adam Smith fouled Atdhe Nuhiu for a penalty . ` No-one will blame Adam , ' Howe said . ` We will tell him how much we love him tonight . ' Yann Kermorgant -LRB- second left equalises for the Cherries with 20 minutes of the contest remaining . Bournemouth 's Simon Francis is dismissed by referee Paul Tierney in the 78th minute . Which is nice , though Maguire did score the penalty and Bournemouth did fall . Again . Howe said he felt ` heartbroken ' . Over the course of two spells at Bournemouth he has led them from League Two to this precipice , occasionally spending his own money in the darker days when the club was broke . Today , in their tiny stadium where parking costs £ 1 and stewards are encouraged to say hello , they are so close to something incredible . Tommy Elphick , Bournemouth 's captain , gave something of an insight into what his manager has been going through . ` He is probably the first one every day in at 6 or 7 and probably leaving at 6 or 7 at night and the players follow suit , ' he said . ` We realise how much he does for us . When a single person gives that much of their life towards you , you only want to repay them . ' But the best intentions can only do so much in a race like this . Promotion is worth somewhere in the region of £ 120million and , as of the weekend , eight teams are in the hunt for three spots . Multiple narratives , multiple charges and multiple futures on the line . It 's crazy but it 's brilliant . With only two games to play it has been a magnificent race up the hill . Matt Ritchie races away to celebrate after his 85th minute free kick put the home side ahead for the first time .