Napoli coach Rafa Benitez on Wednesday quashed speculation that he is to return to the Premier League to take charge Manchester City . The former Liverpool and Chelsea manager has yet to sign a contract extension with Napoli , with his current deal ending this summer . It has been rumoured Benitez could replace Manuel Pellegrini at the helm of City at the end of the campaign . Napoli boss Rafael Benitez has dismissed reports linking him to the Manchester City job . The Spaniard is out of contract at the end of the season and has yet to agree an extension with Napoli . However , Benitez said to the Italian press : ` I have not had contacts with City , unlike what I 've read in England . ` I have spoken to the -LRB- Napoli -RRB- president via messages but we have not been able to meet due to our busy playing schedule in order to evaluate the business plan . ` Now our focus is on matters on the pitch . ' Benitez joined Napoli in the summer of 2013 and led the Naples outfit to the Coppa Italia and third place in Serie A in his first season in charge . Napoli are fourth in the league this term and are firmly on course to reach the semi-finals of the Europa League . Dnipro vs Club Brugge -LRB- agg 0-0 -RRB- . Fiorentina vs Dynamo Kiev -LRB- agg 1-1 -RRB- . Napoli vs Wolfsburg -LRB- agg 4-1 -RRB- . Zenit vs Sevilla -LRB- agg 1-2 -RRB- . The Italians host Bundesliga side Wolfsburg in Thursday 's quarter-final return leg holding a 4-1 advantage from last week 's opening leg in Germany . ` We can fight until the end for all of our aims , ' Benitez said . ` We can still qualify for the Champions league , whether it is by winning the Europa League or by finishing in the top three of Serie A. ` We all know how crucial qualification for the Champions League would be in terms of future investments . ' Wolfsburg 's Daniel Caligiuri tackles Napoli 's Christian Maggio -LRB- right -RRB- during the Europa League quarter-final . Napoli 's Marek Hamsik celebrates scoring his side 's second goal during the 4-1 win over Wolfsburg . Napoli 's Manolo Gabbiadini -LRB- right -RRB- scores his side 's fourth goal in the 4-1 win over Wolfsburg . Wolfsburg 's Caligiuri -LRB- left -RRB- dribbles with the ball ahead of Napoli 's Maggio -LRB- right -RRB- during the Europa League tie . Benitez -LRB- right -RRB- celebrates with striker Gonzalo Higuain -LRB- left -RRB- after their victory over Wolfsburg .