Singer-songwriter Don McLean 's original manuscript and notes to ` American Pie ' have been sold at auction for $ 1.2 million . McLean offered the wistful anthem that asks ` Do you recall what was revealed the day the music died ? ' at Christie 's on Tuesday . The name of the buyer was not released . The 16 pages include the original working manuscript and typed drafts of the song , including tantalizing new details about the famous anthem . In an interview published by Christie 's auction house New York , where the manuscript was auctioned , McLean says American Pie is about ` heading in the wrong direction ' . Scroll down for video . Original song : Christie 's curator Tom Lecky holds the 16-page notes and manuscript for singer Don McLean 's American Pie at Christie 's auction house in New York where it was sold for $ 1.2 million to an unidentified bidder on Tuesday . ` It is becoming less idyllic . I do n't know whether you consider that wrong or right but it is a morality song in a sense . ' It has long been known that the song about ` the day the music died ' refers to February 3 , 1959 , when rock n ' roll icon Buddy Holly and fellow singers Ritchie Valens and J.P. ` Big Bopper ' Richardson died in a plane crash . The eight-minute-long song was released in 1971 and was a No. 1 U.S. hit for four weeks in 1972 . McLean , 69 , a longtime Maine resident , says writing the song was ` a mystical trip into his past . ' Legendary singer : The original manuscript also reveals a deleted verse , which was crossed out and never recorded , where McLean , now 69 , writes about music being ` reborn ' . Loss : American Pie mourns the death of late-50s rock n ' roll icon Buddy Holly , who died in a plane crash on February 3 1959 , aged just 22 , which is what McLean refers to as ` the day music died ' Tragedy : J.P. ` Big Bopper ' Richardson and Ritchie Valens also died in the crash alongside Buddy Holly . The original manuscript also reveals a deleted verse , which was crossed out and never recorded , about music being ` reborn ' . It includes the lines ` I dropped to my knees and there I prayed and I promised him everything I could give . ` If only he would make the music live , ' according to the Telegraph . American Pie had a revival in 2000 when Madonna covered the song to promote the soundtrack to her flop film The Next Best Thing . Despite the Queen of Pop describing the cover as ` something a certain record company executive twisted my arm into doing ' in 2001 , her version of American Pie became a global chart hit . Christie 's New York is estimating that the American Pie manuscript will sell for $ 1million to $ 1.5 million .