Every day Sportsmail takes a look at the European papers to see what are the biggest stories creating talking points on the continent . Let 's start in Spain , where Marca and AS report that Real Madrid are set to be without Karim Benzema for their Champions League quarter-final second leg clash against rivals Atletico Madrid . The French striker , who has 15 La Liga goals to his name this season , missed Madrid 's 3-1 victory against Malaga with a knee injury which he is struggling to recover from . Spanish newspapers report that Karim Benzema will miss Real Madrid 's clash against Atletico on Wednesday . Despite Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti telling reporters , ` Benzema is not available -LSB- for Malaga -RSB- but we will have him back for the next game , ' Marca lead with the headline ` Benzema still doubtful ' . The Madrid-based newspaper claim that Ancelotti is ` hesitating ' between playing a 4-4-2 or 4-3-3 formation as Gareth Bale and Luka Modric also look likely to miss Wednesday 's clash . Marca lead with a similar line as the heap pressure on the Madrid boss by writing , ` Ancelotti searches for a Champions League Madrid without Modric , Bale ... and almost surely without Benzema . ' Elsewhere is Spain , Mundo Deportivo hail Barcelona coach Luis Enrique for statistically being ` the best coach in history in his first 50 games . ' Mundo Deportivo hail ` Mister Lucho ' Luis Enrique for his impressive record as Barcelona manager . Gareth Bale went down injured after less than five minutes at the Bernabeu on Saturday evening . The Barcelona outlet report that Enrique tops the list for results in his first 50 games in charge with Helenio Herrera in second and Pep Guardiola and Tata Martino tied for third . Over in Italy , Tuttosport celebrate Juventus 's march towards the Serie A title following their 2-0 victory against Lazio on Saturday . ` Fest Juve , ' or ` Party Juve ' reports the Italian newspaper as they look ahead to Massimiliano Allegri 's Olympico clash against Torino where the Old Lady can wrap up a fourth consecutive Scudetto . Luka Modric hobbles off the Bernabeu pitch have sprained a ligament in his right knee on Saturday . Italian newspaper Tuttosport focus on the Serie A as Juventus looks to wrap up the Serie A title .