Paris St Germain coach Laurent Blanc accepts his side face an almost impossible mission trying to turn around their Champions League quarter-final against Barcelona at the Camp Nou on Tuesday . The Ligue 1 champions were swept aside in their own stadium last week by a dominant Barca led by a lethal Luis Suarez who grabbed a brace in the 3-1 defeat . They have Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Marco Verratti back from suspension for the second leg but Thiago Silva joins Thiago Motta among the injured and David Luiz is also a fitness doubt . Zlatan Ibrahimovic will be available again when PSG meet Barcelona on Tuesday , after missing the first leg . The PSG players train on the Nou Camp pitch , ahead of a task their manager called ` practically impossible ' ` We have to think that we have to score and I am sure that we will but we have only a small chance to go through , ' Blanc told a news conference in Barcelona on Monday . ` We can not afford to concede goals and this here is practically impossible . ' ` All the teams that play here in Europe concede at least one . They -LRB- Barca -RRB- have attacking players with incredible talent , ' Blanc added . Marco Verratti will also be fit having missed the defeat to Barcelona in the first leg in Paris . Blanc was pessimistic about his side 's chances , but says they must play as if they have nothing to lose . He said that whatever fate awaits his team he will not make excuses about players missing . ` Those who are not here were not fit for the game and I wish I could have had them but it is not possible and it is no point feeling sorry about it , ' said Blanc . ` We have to show that we want to win , show that we are capable of doing it and give a better account of ourselves than in the first match . ' Blanc has demanded that his PSG side give a better account of themselves than they showed in the first leg . Two goals from Luis Suarez have put the French champions in a commanding position at the half-way stage . Ibrahimovic , currently serving a ban domestically for abusive comments to a referee , returns to the club where he played during the 2009-10 season and coach Blanc hopes it will give him a lift . ` Ibra likes these these kinds of games when there is nothing to lose , ' he said . ` He will help us and I am looking forward to seeing him play . ` He is very important for us and is training hard each day . He is in good form . '