As seasons go , this one has been pretty close to perfect for Bristol City . Runaway leaders in Sky Bet League One , they became the first team in the Football League to mathematically secure promotion on Tuesday night - and in sensational style . Hitting Bradford City for six of the best in their own backyard saw them triumphantly over the finishing line , although given their free-wheeling and free-scoring form the result really came as little surprise . Aden Flint celebrates with a bottle of Sky Bet champagne following Bristol City 's promotion . City players are sprayed with champagne after securing promotion from League One . And there 's more . Add to that their memorable Johnstone 's Paint Trophy victory at Wembley last month - when Walsall were comfortably beaten 2-0 in the final - and you have a truly historic campaign for Steve Cotterill 's team . The season has been a personal triumph for tall , tattooed defender Aden Flint , who has played a central role in returning City to the Championship after two seasons away . His uncompromising defensive style has been combined with a knack of scoring from set-pieces , leading to 11 goals this season . Flint was on target at Wembley , fulfilling a childhood dream in the process , and also at Valley Parade on Tuesday . The Robins stars shower each other in their isotonic drinks following victory against Bradford City on Tuesday . Flint scores his side 's fourth goal of the game as City earn an impressive 6-0 at Valley Parade . ` When the players and the manager sat down at the start of the season , we had three aims , ' he tells Sportsmail . ` The first was to win promotion back to the Championship , the second was to go up as champions and the third was to win the Johnstone 's Paint Trophy . ` We 've managed to do two of the three and hopefully on Saturday we can achieve the other . ' That 's because City need another win to make absolutely sure they will be promoted as champions . The 25-year-old defender celebrates as the Robins earned promotion to the Championship in style . City manager Steve Cotterill celebrates promotion with a commemorative bottle of champagne . They currently lead Preston North End by 10 points but the Lancashire side have a game in hand and so three points are required against Coventry City at Ashton Gate this weekend . ` Nobody wants that runners-up medal . The aim was always to go up as champions and we 're close to achieving that , ' Flint says . ` We 've had that winning habit and it 's a good one to get in to . We 've been top of the league for most of the season and to drop down to second now would be disappointing . ' Seldom does one team dominate a division in this way . The lowest City have been placed is fifth and that was after their opening day fixture . The Robins have enjoyed a memorable season which has included lifting the Johnstone 's Paint Trophy . Once again , Flint -LRB- right -RRB- made a huge contribution , giving City the lead against Walsall on March 22 . Flint wheels away in celebration after sending his side on their way to another memorable victory . Cotterill -LRB- left -RRB- and Jay Emmanuel-Thomas look delighted as they celebrate with the trophy at Wembley . They kicked on from there and set a ferocious pace throughout the autumn . Since September 13th , there has only been one week when they have n't been top of the pile and they have lost just three games in all competitions since the New Year . Not that success has been reserved for the league . They reached the fourth round of the FA Cup , losing narrowly to Premier League West Ham , and claimed the Trophy too in front of over 40,000 of their fans at Wembley . Flint said : ` I think any player dreams of scoring and winning at Wembley . There really is n't a better feeling in football . It is right up there with the highlights in my career but I would say that if we win on Saturday and go up as champions , that will push Wembley out . ' The defender 's goalscoring exploits have come as a surprise but he 's quick to credit his team-mates for the service : ` I did n't expect to score as many as five to be honest ! Flint holds the JPT with pride as he celebrates the 2-0 victory against Walsall last month . The defender was also named the Sky Bet League 1 Player of the Month for March . ` I 've just found myself in the right place at the right time to get on the end of all those set-pieces that have been delivered by the lads . ` Aaron Wilbraham has bags of experience with him and has scored over 20 goals this season . Luke Freeman and Marlon Pack have been providing plenty of assists , not just for me but for everyone . ` But everyone has chipped in , it has been a collective effort . The team spirit here has been the best I 've ever experienced and it 's been an enjoyable season . ' Promotion back to the Championship could be just the beginning of an exciting chapter in the club 's 118-year history . Aaron Wilbraham -LRB- right -RRB- has scored 18 domestic goals for the high-flying Robins this season . Billionaire owner Steve Lansdown -LRB- left -RRB- is funding a renovation of the club 's Ashton Gate home . Billionaire owner Steve Lansdown , who made his fortune in financial services , is funding a renovation of the club 's Ashton Gate home to expand the capacity to 27,000 and make it Premier League-ready . And , according to Flint , that 's precisely where the club is aiming : ` We aim high and should be in the Championship , if not higher than that . ` It 's a massive city , I did n't realise how big it is until I moved here . It 's surprising that the place has n't got a Premier League team and maybe we can change that . ` The chairman and the manager certainly have the ambition to achieve that . Seeing Bournemouth and Brentford doing so well in the Championship , nobody expected that and , who knows what will happen when we get there next season . '