Hundreds of police officers lined the roads to in a guard of honour for a hero policewoman who was killed by a bus seconds after pushing her daughter out of its path and saving her life . Sergeant Louise Lucas , 41 , was off-duty and on a shopping trip with her eight-year-old daughter Olivia in Swansea , South Wales , when she was struck as they tried to cross The Kingsway - a busy road in the city centre . Onlookers say the pair were inches from the bus but Sgt Lucas managed to push her daughter to safety and took the full impact of the collision . Scroll down for video . Respect : Hundreds of police officers lined the roads in a guard of honour at the funeral of policewoman Louise Lucas in Cardiff today . Tragic : Sgt Louise Lucas -LRB- pictured left with her brother Robert Pain and right in her uniform -RRB- was killed earlier this month when she was hit by a bus while trying to save her eight-year-old Olivia . The mother-of-three , from Llanishen , Cardiff , was rushed to the city 's Morriston hospital where doctors battled to save her but she later died . Her daughter escaped with minor injuries in the incident on March 31 . Police officers of all ranks paid their respects at her funeral at Christ Parish Church in Cyncoed , Cardiff , today , while her hearse was led by four police motorcycles and two police horses . More than a hundred mourners joined police to fill the congregation , where the church 's Easter cross was placed outside so personal flowers in memory of Sgt Lucas , who was a Beaver leader , trained rugby referee and Welsh learner , could be laid on it . Her husband Gavin Lucas , 36 , walked into the church hand-in-hand with Olivia and their seven-year-old son Lloyd to one of Sgt Lucas 's favourite songs - Bette Midler 's ` Wind Beneath My Wings ' - with the line ` did I ever tell you , you are my hero ' . He paid tribute to his late wife saying his love for her would remain in his heart forever and read a poem , which he originally wrote for their wedding day a decade ago but adapted for her funeral . ` A sergeant at work she really did do well . Total dedication to the police , that was our Lou . As you can see today , they will miss her too , ' he said . He continued by saying the couple 's three children - including 21-year-old Grant - had made their lives complete : ` She will be in our hearts forever , let 's try not to be glum , ' he read . Mourners : Police of all ranks turned out to pay their respects and join the hundreds of people grieving the loss of the popular police officer . Funeral : Her coffin is carried into Christ Parish Church in Cyncoed , Cardiff , before her husband Gavin walked inside hand-in-hand with their daughter Olivia and seven-year-old son Lloyd . Hero : Officers watch as the hearse makes its way towards the church , which had placed its Easter cross outside so personal flowers in memory of Sgt Lucas could be laid on it . Commemoration : Hundreds of people had to stand outside the packed church and listen to the popular service over a tannoy . Sgt Lucas 's brother Robert Pain described her as ` a light that will never go out in our hearts ' . He said : ` My sister was an example to everyone of how to live life . I never got to tell Lou how important she was to me . I know in my head she knew it . ' Sgt Louise Lucas pictured with her husband Gavin , 36 , who told the congregation she would remain in his heart forever and read a poem . He shared with the church tales of their childhood and said Christmas festivities at their home were ` magical ' . He said every year she would run into his room to wake him up and as adults she rang at 5 am every Christmas morning at their former family home just minutes from the church . ` I never looked forward to that early morning call but I know this year it will be very much missed , ' he said . South Wales Police chief constable Peter Vaughan told the congregation and dozens who stood outside listening to a tannoy : ` She was a devoted police officer who was fearless in confronting evil . ` She was inspirational and passionate about people and was a terrific person blessed with physical and moral courage , small in stature but huge in character . ' He described her as a ` mother hen ' to her officers at Llanishen police station . Superintendent Alun Morgan said : ` Her children , Grant , Olivia and Lloyd , have suffered a loss that those so young should never have to endure . Louise loved her family and her family loved her . ' The 41-year-old , who had a love for designer lables and lived her life to the full , was a worshipper at Christ Church where a huge congregation marked her life . Vicar Trystan Hughes said : ` We were privileged in this church to have known her well . She was an enthusiastic and loving member of the congregation here . ` We 're privileged to call her and her family our friends . We know , like you , the joy and love that she brought to others . Now many of us are feeling that there 's a hole left in our lives where Louise 's smile and Louise 's laughter used to brighten up our day . ` Today we come with great sadness but also with gratitude for the time we had with Louise and the joy she shared with us . It 's fitting that many of you are wearing pink today , as the family asked - Louise would have loved that . ' On the way to the crematorium after the service the cortege paused for a brief moment of silence outside the police station in Cardiff where she was a popular community officer before continuing on to a private service at Thornhill Crematorium . Speaking at the time of her death , her eldest son Grant , a police community support officer who gave a reading at today 's service , said : ` Mum was the best there is and was simply amazing . I am absolutely well and truly gutted . ' Grant said that he wanted to make his mother ` proud ' and would help to raise Olive and Lloyd . He added : ` It 's mad how my mum and I became much closer over the last couple of weeks and had it all planned out . On behalf of the family , we would like to thank all friends for their support . ' Grief : Upset colleagues stand outside the service as they prepare to say goodbye to Sgt Louise Lucas , who was just 41 when she was killed . Decorated : Police of all ranks were at the service today after the tragic accident , which happened on a busy road in Swansea 's city centre . Uniform : On the way to the crematorium following the service the cortege paused outside the police station in Cardiff where she worked . Honour : South Wales Chief Constable Peter Vaughan told the congregation Sgt Lucas was a ` devoted police officer who was fearless in confronting evil . She was inspirational and passionate about people and was a terrific person blessed with physical and moral courage ' Tributes : Sgt Louise Lucas -LRB- left and right -RRB- , who most recently served in the Llanishen area of Cardiff , was well known in the community .