New pictures have emerged of Louis Tomlinson 's wild night of partying with a group of five girls . The One Direction star was seen barefoot and sat on the edge of a sofa during a stay at London 's Soho Hotel on Wednesday night , in which he appeared to be rolling a joint while sat next to a box filled with a suspicious substance . And now , a series of newly-released Snapchat shots of the raucous gathering have emerged , appearing to show the 23-year-old singer in his hotel room in the company of friends in the small hours of Thursday morning . Scroll down for video . Up all night : Louis Tomlinson is clearly visible in previously unseen pictures from his wild night out with five girls , taken before he was pictured rolling a ` suspicious cigarette ' in his hotel room in London . Jokes : The Snapchat video shows Louis back in his room at the Soho Hotel in London with his female friends , as one of them jokes that they are n't sure which member of One Direction he is . One social media snap captioned with the time showed the wild party going on until at least 5.48 am . Another image shows newly-single Louis partying at the nightclub beforehand in the company of a green-haired young lady holding up a cigarette , with the caption ` love ' over the image . Shots taken from a Snapchat video show the back of Louis within the hotel room while a person - whose face is obscured - lays on the couch in front of him . Across the image reads the joke caption : ` apparently hes one direction lol ? Harry ? Dunn ' , hinting that the girls pretending to be unaware which member of the globally-revered group he was . Change of clothing : Although Louis was seen returning to the Soho Hotel in the same Brooklyn-emblazoned jumper that he wore in the ` spliff ' picture , he seemed to have removed the sweater for a time . Crowd in : Louis returned to the Soho Hotel after leaving Cirque Le Soir at 4 am with his female friends , in the same t-shirt he was seen wearing in the Snapchat images . Perhaps taken from the very same video , the young singer is also seen playing the ` air guitar ' , according to the written comment . Louis - who split from his long-term love Eleanor Calder weeks ago - was photographed leaving the Soho Hotel after a long night of partying with his pals in the city on Thursday , with a rather sheepish look on his face . He was still clad in the very same outfit he had worn during his raucous night out , which saw him leave Soho 's Cirque Le Soir nightclub at 4 am and head back to his hotel room to continue the party . After the party : Louis returned to his hotel in London 's Soho on Thursday , apparently after the pictures of him with the roll up were taken - he is wearing the very same Brooklyn sweater as in the images . That 's the shirt ! As Louis arrived back at his Soho hotel at around 4.30 am on Thursday morning , he was wearing the very same white tee as in the Snapchat images . Raucous : The 1D star seemed in fantastic spirits as he returned with his female friends and a man who appeared to be a member of his security team . Clinging on : A pretty brunette held onto the star 's arm as they entered the hotel . Although Louis was seen wearing the same white ` Brooklyn ' jumper when he was pictured with the suspicious ` cigarette ' , the garment he was seen walking around the hotel in the following day , the Snapchat images show him to be wearing a t-shirt . And it 's the very same white top he wore on his return to the hotel after leaving the club , when he was seen getting out of a taxi filled with his gaggle of female friends . The party pals stepped out of the car and made their way as a group into the hotel , seemingly to carry on the atmosphere . Tired ? Since spitting from his long-term girlfriend Eleanor Calder in March , Louis has enjoyed several nights out with mystery females . Popular location : Two of the young ladies who spent the evening celebrating with Louis were later seen leaving the Soho Hotel . The original picture showed Louis perching on the edge of the sofa in the hotel room , presumably after their all-night celebration . The image , which shows the One Direction star poised with the suspicious roll-up and sitting next to a plastic tub containing a dry , green weed-like substance and rolling paper , was taken in the early hours of Thursday morning . That same day he was photographed returning to his London hotel in a disheveled state clutching a glass of water . The singer has recently been letting his hair down and enjoying his newly-single status , after breaking up from his girlfriend of four years , Eleanor Calder , in March . In the original picture , apparently taken in London during this two-day party session , Tomlinson appears to be smiling as he balances a magazine on his lap , smiling distractedly at a girl by his side as he prepares the suspicious cigarette . It is the latest blow to the boy band just one month after Zayn Malik announced his decision to quit the group . ` Happy days ' : What Louis Tomlinson was heard saying as Zayn Malik smoked what appeared to be marijuana as the band was ferried to a stadium in Lima , the capital of Peru , for a concert . Shortly before his announcement it had emerged that Zayn , 22 , and Louis were being forced to post bonds worth close to $ 12,000 to be allowed into the Philippines where they were due to play a concert in Manila . The money was to be forfeited if either were caught using illegal drugs while there . And the new picture comes in the wake of a video filmed last April where the pair were seen joking about drugs as they appeared to share a joint during the Latin American Leg of their 2014 stadium tour . The explosive video obtained by Daily Mail Online last May sent shock waves through One Direction 's young fan base . Still partying : Louis headed for a night on the town in London on Thursday . Past love : Louis ended his four-year relationship with Eleanor Calder back in March . Louis could be heard narrating from behind the camera as he filmed his bandmate on their way to a One Direction concert in Lima , Peru . At one point he announced : ` So here we are , leaving Peru . Joint lit . Happy days ! ' Fellow band members Harry Styles , Liam Payn and Niall Horan were not present as , during the 15 minute journey in a smoke filled SUV , Louis , from Doncaster , and Zayn , from Bradford , joked with each other and three members of their crew who are travelling with them . A member of the team asked about the filming : ` Are we allowed to talk contraband in this ? ' Louis replied : ` Yes , that 's what it is about . ' Current line-up : The four-member version of One Direction performs in South Africa last month after the departure of Zayn Malik to pursue a solo career . The way they were : Clean-cut One Direction - from left Harry Styles , Zayn Malik , Niall Horan , Louis Tomlinson and Liam Payne . Adopting a faux serious tone as he focused on Zayn who sat beside him wearing jeans and a Bob Marley T-shirt , Louis said : ` Zayn takes his job very seriously . He makes sure he goes through a two hour intense warm-up before every show . Just to get himself in the zone for the show . ` One very , very important factor of Zayn 's warm up of course is Mary J herself . IN fact I will present it to him now for some fantastic singing . ' The band faced heavy criticism after the video leak with thousands of fans dumping tickets to their shows . Liam Payne tweeted an apology saying , ` I love my boys and maybe things have gone a little sideways . I apologize for that . ' He added : ` We are only in our 20s and we all do stupid things at this age . ' MailOnline has approached the band 's spokesperson for comment .