She 's previously spoken of her love of shoes , claiming she 's a ` girly girl ' whose footwear gives her added ` confidence ' , so it was no surprise Foreign Minister Julie Bishop was starstruck when she caught up with her fashion icon - world-renowned shoemaker Jimmy Choo . And while she may have been in the presence of shoe royalty , Ms Bishop fell victim to one of the cardinal sins of fashion , by failing to wear 66-year-old Mr Choo 's designs during their meeting , opting for another designer 's shoes instead . Ms Bishop was in Perth over the Easter holidays to meet wives and partners of SAS members , while shoe designer Jimmy Choo , who is the tourism ambassador for Malaysia , is currently in the West Australian city to host his first ever Australian masterclass . The pair crossed paths at popular Japanese restaurant Nobu , in Perth 's Crown Casino , where Choo was a special guest at a luncheon , attended by Ms Bishop . Scroll down for video . When politics meets fashion : Jimmy Choo is in Australia to host his first ever masterclass here while Julie Bishop was meeting the families of SAS members . 58-year-old Julie Bishop is famously a huge fan of the Malaysian shoe designer 's pieces , regularly seen opting for her favourite pair of Jimmy Choo leopard print heels when she attends Parliament . Although on this occasion , she did n't wear his famous designs with a spokesperson for the minister telling Daily Mail Australia she ` wore one of his friend 's designs ' . She is also a huge supporter of Christian Louboutin , Louis Vuitton and she also wears Perth designer Isabel Aujoule . The Deputy leader of the Liberal Party turned on the glamour for her meeting with the shoe extraordinaire , opting for a chic navy knee-length dress , partnered with a light oversized purple blazer and a camel coloured bag . Ms Bishop finished off her look with a pair of red and black kitten-heeled shoes which were not from Jimmy Choos vast collection . She added a pop of colour to her nails by painting them an eye-catching cerise pink . While her fashion style was on point , Ms Bishop was sporting an eye-catching graze down the front of her right leg . A spokesperson for the minister told Daily Mail Australia that Ms Bishop hurt her leg during a swimming accident , just before her trip to Perth . Starstruck : Foreign Minister Julie Bishop caught up with one of her favourite shoe designers over the Easter holidays . When two worlds collide : The pair came together for a special lunch in Perth . Ms Bishop was in the city to talk to the families of SAS members while Choo is hosting a masterclass at Curtin University . Famous face : Julie Bishop has openly discussed her love of shoes in the past and counts Jimmy Choo as one of her favourite designers . ` Give a girl the right shoes and she can take on the world . ' ` I wear what I wear and if people want to take a photograph of me in it , and put it in Harper 's Bazzar or Who or wherever , that 's fine but it 's me being me . This is how I dress . This is what I look like . ' ` I know what suits , I know my size pretty well , so I can shop quite easily . And I definitely know what I like and I do n't like , so it does n't take me very long to shop . ' ` I 'm interested in fashion and I always have been , it 's part of who I am . ' Ms Bishop is a fan of ` investment pieces ' and has often spoke about her love of shoes and how envious she was of Sex and the City character Carrie Bradshaw 's wardrobe in the cult film . She gushed in a interview that her dream wardrobe would be ` Carrie 's out of Sex and the City . The one where she buys an apartment with Big , you know the one , in the movie ? ' . ` Give a girl the right shoes and she can take on the world , ' she told News Corp on her passion for her feisty red stilettos she is often seen sporting . ` Yes , I 'm a shoe lover , I admit . Absolutely , absolutely , ' she said . ` Shoes are part of your self-expression , they can give you confidence . I think they 're so important . ` I love a heel , I usually wear heels but I 'm as happy in ballet flats , in casual wear and I particularly love boots . ' Shoe fanatics : The pair crossed paths at Nobu restaurant in Perth 's Crown Casino . Brave fashion choices : Ms Bishop often wears a range of designer shoes in Parliament . Best foot forward : Ms Bishop is known for her immaculate and polished appearance but does not have a stylist . Ms Bishop , who became the first female deputy leader of the Liberal Party and the first woman to be foreign minister , is now one of the most famous faces in Australian politics . She is renowned for her immaculate and polished appearance , however she has admitted that she does not have a stylist . She applies Chanel cosmetics to her face and during her treasured half-hour 6 km daily run she dons 2XU and Asics sports gear . Despite her penchant for designer garb , people have revealed deep down Ms Bishop is in fact a ` girly girl ' , but she maintains it only takes her 30 minutes to shower , dress and do her hair and make up every morning . ` I can do make-up and hair in a very short space of time . You have to because you 're constantly on the move , constantly on the run , ' she explained . Loud and proud : Ms Bishop is famously a huge fan of Jimmy Choo shoes , regularly seen opting for her favourite pair when she is out and about . Place of power : While she may be one of the most well-known women in Australia , she 's a big fan of Louis Vuitton and Christian Louboutin heels - particularly the red stiletto kind . In August , Ms Bishop told the Herald Sun that she has been interested in fashion since she was a little girl and revealed that she had already met Malaysian designer Jimmy Choo . ` I 'm interested in fashion and I always have been , it 's part of who I am , ' she said . Bishop said she ` absolutely ' wears her beloved Christian Louboutin high heels in Parliament -- ` those red soles ' -- and when she met Jimmy Choo for the first time , she wore her favourite leopard-print Choo stilettos . ` I 've been wearing high heels for a very long time , much to the chagrin of orthopedic surgeons around the country , ' she told the publication . Ms Bishop visited Western Australia over Easter to talk to the families of SAS members , who have expressed concerns over the security of a new Special Air Service Regiment village , set to be built to house single and soldiers and SAS families . Dressed to impress : Julie Bishop leaving a press conference at Parliament House in Canberra . She knows what suits her and dresses to suit her shape . Working on her fitness : During her treasured half an hour 6 km daily run she dons 2XU and Asics sports gear . Belle of the ball : Julie Bishop arrives looking glamorous at the Midwinter Ball at Parliament House in Canberra . The minister promised to take their complaints directly to the Assistant Defence Minister Stuart Robert . While she was there , she dropped into the swanky luncheon at the Crown Casino to greet Mr Choo . Mr Choo is back in Perth after falling in love with the city last year , when he was brought to Australia by The West Australian 's Fashion Agenda for The Business Behind the Glamour lunch . He was so impressed with the talent on display in Perth that he invited a number of students to Malaysia for a work-experience opportunity . The fashion icon will today host a masterclass at Curtin University , where he will offer students advice on building a global brand . On Friday , he will chair ` The Fashion Tank ' , where a panel of fashion experts will offer selected students feedback on their work . Born in Malaysia in 1961 , Choo was always interested in the world of fashion . Fashion inspiration : Ms Bishop has previously claimed that she envious of Carrie Bradshaw 's -LRB- pictured -RRB- wardrobe in Sex and the City . Fashion rebel : Ms Bishop as often breaks the mould when it comes to her formal attire . Here she is seem meeting China 's Foreign Minister Wang Yi wearing a pair of navy suede knee-high boots . Paving the path : The minister has revealed that wearing bright and fashionable shoes make her feel better about herself . At the age of 11 , he made his first pair of shoes , educated in the art of shoe-making by his cobbler father . He opened his first shop in Hackney in 1986 and his shoes quickly became a fashion staple in British women 's wardrobes . He shot to fame when his shoes were catapulted into the international spotlight when they got noticed by celebrities such as Sarah Jessica Parker and even royalty , when Diana was spotted out and about in a pair of his finest designs . Choo sold his share of the business in 2001 for a reported £ 10 million however he still designs shoes for his exclusive Couture line . Dress to impress : Bishop said she ` absolutely ' wears her beloved Christian Louboutin high heels in Parliament and when she met Jimmy Choo for the first time , she wore her favourite leopard-print Choo stilettos . Quick dresser : Despite her penchant for designer garb she maintains it only takes her 30 minutes to shower , dress and do her hair and make up every morning . Working woman : Ms Bishop visited Western Australia over Easter to talk to the families of SAS members . Speaking to the West Australian , Mr Choo gushed about the most remote city in the world , claiming he fell in love with the pace of life and the people . ` It 's a beautiful place , I can feel it in my heart , ' Professor Choo told the West Australian . ` I 'm a tourism ambassador for Malaysia but I do n't just want to tell people to come to my country , I want to tell them to come to Perth . ` It 's full of tranquillity and people are very kind . It 's a special place . '