Iker Casillas insists he will stay at Real Madrid even if David de Gea arrives to displace him as first choice keeper at the Bernabeu . The Spain international has spent his entire career at the Bernabeu but has come under increasing criticism in recent seasons , while Manchester United No 1 De Gea has been linked with a summer return to his homeland . However , the 33-year-old claims he is willing to fight for the jersey he went on to make his own after breaking in to the side as a 16-year-old in 1996 - before becoming the youngest Champions League keeper in 2000 . Iker Casillas claims he will stay and fight for the No 1 jersey rather than leave Real Madrid in the summer . The Spanish keeper -LRB- left -RRB- has been at the Bernabeu since breaking into the team as a 16-year-old . The Spanish giants have repeatedly linked to a move for Manchester United 's David de Gea . ` I hope to fulfil my contract and a commitment that is signed has to be signed until the end , ' he told AS . ` But I have to earn it and train myself for it . I will strive and I will fight for the position . ` Now I am at an age at which things are seen in a different way , so if I am not the starter , I will have a commitment with the younger ones . ` Why would n't I continue at Madrid if I am not the starting goalkeeper ? ' Before the end of the season Casillas is determined concentrate on helping Real Madrid defend their Champions League title , having reached the semi-finals with a 1-0 aggregate victory over local rivals Atletico Madrid on Wednesday . ` Atletico always make it difficult , but we deserved to pass through to the next round , ' the shot-stopper stated . Manchester United loanee Javier Hernandez celebrates scoring a late winner against Atletico Madrid . Los Blancos are hoping to become the first team to retain the Champions League title . ` Things are decided by details and you have to fight and struggle . Aside from having great players , they are a team of fight , struggle and effort . ' The glamour last four also comprises arch rivals Barcelona , Bayern Munich and Juventus , although the Spaniard insists there is little to choose between the sides . ` We are talking about four great teams , four champions of Europe , ' he added . ` There are very nice and exciting semi-finals that lie ahead . '