Police arrested more than 20 people at an overnight dance party in Sydney , including a young man who spent the night behind bars after he was found with almost 450 MDMA pills . More than 6000 people attended sold-out dance party ` Midnight Mafia ' at the Sydney Showground in Homebush from 10 pm on Saturday night until 6 am the next morning . Police were targeting the use and supply of prohibited drugs at the venue . According to NSW Police , a 22-year-old Marrickville man was found in possession of 441 MDMA tablets . Scroll down for video . A 22-year-old Marrickville man was arrested in possession of 441 MDMA tablets at ` Midnight Mafia ' -LRB- stock pic -RRB- . Around 6000 people attended the all-night rave which ran from 10 pm Saturday until 6 am Sunday . He was charged with supply prohibited drug , refused bail and appeared in Parramatta Local Court on Sunday . A 23-year-old Peakhurst man was also taken into custody after he was allegedly located with 124 MDMA tablets and a wad of cash . He has been charged and has been was bailed to appear at Burwood Local Court on 12 May 2015 . A 25-year-old Allambie Heights man was similarly charged after he was allegedly found with over $ 2500 cash on his person . Additionally , a 22-year-old Jesmond man was found with 35 MDMA tablets and has been released pending further inquiries . Police charged 20 people will drug-related offences at Sydney Showground in Homebush -LRB- stock picture -RRB- . The 22-year-old man who was allegedly found with almost 450 pills faced court on Sunday after a night in jail . A further 16 people were charged with possession of MDMA tablets and three others were issued Criminal Infringement Notices . During the operation 160 people were searched by drug dogs which resulted in 19 detections . Four people were taken to Concord Hospital suffering drug related illnesses . They are all expected to make a full recovery . South West Metropolitan Region Detective Inspector Gus Viera said despite the significant arrests the crowd was generally well-behaved . ` New South Wales police will continually arrest people who supply and use illicit drugs at dance parties . Everyone has the right to attend these events and remain safe in a secure environment , ' said Detective Inspector Viera . It comes after the best friend of Georgina Bartter , theSydney teenager who died after taking ecstasy at a dance party , pleaded guilty to supplying the drug that allegedly led to her death . ` There 's little to no quality control in the production of illicit drugs . Quite simply , you do n't know what you are getting - seeking a synthetic high , could result in a serious injury or death . ` In spite of the number of arrest made the crowd was generally well behaved , ' said Inspector Viera . It comes after the best friend of a Sydney teenager who died after taking ecstasy at a dance party , pleaded guilty to supplying the drug that allegedly led to her death . Georgina Bartter , 19 , collapsed at Harbourlife festival in November and later died in St Vincent 's Hospital from multiple organ failure . Friends of the university student told police at the time Ms Bartter had taken one and a half pills . Georgina Bartter , 19 , collapsed at Harbourlife festival in November and later died in St Vincent 's Hospital from multiple organ failure .