Economy passengers have long wished they were in first class with lie-flat beds and nice meals , but now it seems there is someone else to envy - the cabin crew . A new plane design has revamped the areas where cabin crew can enjoy from rest and relaxation in flight , and it seems they have more space than any passengers . A slick bunk bed design has been unveiled by Zodiac Galleys Europe , giving staff a bed each and some privacy for a little shut-eye during long-haul flights . Scroll down for video . First class accommodation ! Zodiac Aerospace have revealed their new designs for luxury sleeping quarters for cabin crew . The lower deck area aims to maximise the sense of space and privacy for flight attendants as they rest . Drawing on the help of 30 flight attendants from four different continents , their lower deck designs reveal an area designed to feel spacious , private and with maximum personal comfort . Every bunk is equipped with a personal service unit -LRB- PSU -RRB- offering crew with individual comfort features such as an in-flight entertainment and air conditioning system . In order to maximise the sense of space , innovative materials and lighting solutions were designed and implemented . The Zodiac Aerospace concept was revealed Aircraft Interiors Expo in Hamburg last week , which aimed to showcase the latest developments in aircraft manufacturing . The company has been creating Lower Deck Mobile Crew Rests for Airbus A330/A340 since the '90s and is the market leader for this area . Each section boasts a personal service unit -LRB- PSU -RRB- offering crew with individual in-flight entertainment systems and air conditioning . They aimed to start from a clean slate in order to create a new concept for sleeping areas , and conducted extensive market research to achieve this . ` The goal was not only to improve on quantitative aspects such as cost and weight , but also to enhance the user experience , ' a spokesperson for Zodiac Aerospace stated to Skift . ` In every step of the process users were involved . ` The extensive research provided a thorough understanding of the factors which influence how users experience crew rests . ' Cabin envy ! The deluxe areas were created after Zodiac Aerospace spoke to 30 flight attendants from four different continents . Last year other rare photographs revealed the tiny space quarters afforded to flight attendants on Boeing 373 Dreamliners . Unlike the Aerospace lower deck areas , the Boeing Crew Rest Departments -LRB- CRCs -RRB- can be located in a compartment at the top of the plane , or in a hidden section of the same cabin as passengers . Enough room to swing a cat ? A file picture reveals the Crew Rest Department on board a Boeing 777 . On a Cathay Pacific 777-300ER there is a concealed staircase leading to the CRC at the rear of the plane . Attendants have to duck to get through it , but there is room for eight flight staff with six foot bunk beds with heavy curtains for blocking out noise from other crew members . Instructions state that one crew member can be on a bunk at a time , and never during taxi , take off and landing . When not in use , the secret door must be closed and latched to avoid passengers wandering in . Sleep tight : The cosy and comfortable looking crew sleeping quarters on the Boeing 787 Dreamliner . Pilots have their own separate sleeping quarters , such as this one , on the Boeing 787 Dreamliner . Looking out over the passengers : Cabin crew can keep an eye on everyone on the flight in case of any issues .