Angelina Jolie 's acclaimed film about the kidnap and rape of a 14-year-old girl in Ethiopia has helped burnish her image as a human rights campaigner . But the Hollywood star is at the centre of controversy after the makers of Difret were accused of exploiting the real-life victim at the heart of its story . Aberash Bekele , 32 , is angry at the filmmakers for using her story without her knowledge or consent , and failing , initially , to pay her compensation . Fear : Aberash Bekele -LRB- second left -RRB- believes the film could put her and her family in danger of reprisals . Hollywood glamour : Angelina Jolie , 39 , has become increasingly known for her humanitarian work . Miss Bekele was abducted so she could be pushed into a forced marriage . She escaped but was put on trial for killing one of her abductors . While she was released by the courts , local elders forced her into exile away from her home and family . Miss Jolie , who helped produce the film , spoke about how it will ` make a change ' in the world and it was screened last year at her Global Summit to End Sexual Violence in Conflict , hosted in London , co-chaired by then Foreign Secretary William Hague . But Miss Bekele believes the film , which has won awards around the world , could put her and her family in danger of reprisals . She was never consulted by the film-makers and did not give them permission to lay her traumas bare on screen . With the character based on Miss Bekele renamed Hirut and with the film focusing on her lawyer , the Ethiopian directors originally refused to acknowledge it was about her . Miss Bekele , now a mother of one , was the focus of a 1999 BBC documentary Schoolgirl Killer , made by journalist Charlotte Metcalf . Miss Metcalf , who saw Miss Bekele earlier this year , said : ` Aberash feels doubly abducted not to have had the story acknowledged as hers . It 's an absolute outrage that they should pretend it could have been anyone 's story and she 's still fighting that . ` Today , she could be bathing in the glow of international admiration for her extraordinary courage and resilience . Instead she is invisible , her story taken . ' Last year , Miss Bekele won an injunction banning the film from being shown in Ethiopia . Respected : The Oscar-winning actress is a special envoy for the United Nations high commissioner for refugees and was awarded an honorary damehood by the Queen for her efforts . She obtained it on the night of the film 's premiere in the country , just after the producers had screened a message from Miss Jolie in which she admitted it was based on the ` untold story of Aberash Bekele ' . While an out-of-court settlement eventually led to Miss Bekele being paid a small amount of money , she still lives in poverty and feels she has been exploited by the film . She told an Ethiopian newspaper : ` My life is on the edge -LSB- financially -RSB- while they are planning to premiere my story in a glamorous way . That is not right . ' Miss Jolie , 39 , a mother of six who is married to fellow star Brad Pitt , 51 , has become increasingly known for her humanitarian work . The Oscar-winning actress is a special envoy for the United Nations high commissioner for refugees and was awarded an honorary damehood by the Queen for her efforts . Last year she spoke excitedly about Difret getting a wider release , saying : ` I cried for the first 20 minutes and then I smiled for the rest of it thinking I ca n't wait for the world to see it because it will make a change ' . Her representatives did not respond to requests for a comment yesterday .