While racism is thought to be rife in the Southern US states , a new ` hate map of America ' reveals prejudice to be common elsewhere . The map suggests that the coal region and rust belt in the American Northeast , along with the South , have now become the most racist areas of the US . The rust belt straddles the upper northeastern US , the Great Lakes , and the Midwest states , while the coal region is found in Northeastern Pennsylvania and the spine of the Appalachian Mountains . The map revealed that clusters of racism appeared in areas of the Gulf Coast , Michigan 's Upper Peninsula , and a large portion of Ohio . Racism -LRB- in red -RRB- in the New England states , along with New York , were two of the most surprising discoveries for the researchers . Racism is rife in the coal region in Northeastern Pennsylvania and the spine of the Appalachian Mountains , according to the map . Racism is also common in the ` rust belt ' which straddles the upper Northeastern US , the Great Lakes , and the Midwest states . The map revealed that clusters of racism appeared in areas of the Gulf Coast , Michigan 's Upper Peninsula , and a large portion of Ohio . Racism in the New England states , along with New York , were two of the most surprising discoveries for the researchers . Searches for n **** r are less frequent in regions west of Texas . The map based its results on Google search data -- a technique previously used by data scientists to understand how racism may impact Barack Obama 's electoral chances , according to the Washington Post . ` Google data , evidence suggests , are unlikely to suffer from major social censoring , ' Harvard University data scientist , Seth Stephens-Davidowitz , wrote in an earlier paper . He added that Google searchers are online and likely alone - both of which make it easier to express socially taboo thoughts . Asking someone about racism in a traditional survey rarely works , says Stephens-Davidowitz , because people may lie , and often , racism can operate on a subconscious level . As part of the study , researchers at the University of Maryland , Columbia University , Emory University and Harvard University looked at searches containing the slur n **** r . They found that it was searched for frequently , as often as , for instance , ` economist , ' ` sweater , ' and ` Daily Show ' . The map revealed that clusters of racism appeared in areas of the Gulf Coast , Michigan 's Upper Peninsula , and a large portion of Ohio . Racism in the New England states , along with New York , were two surprising hotspots for racism . Searches for n **** r are less frequent in regions west of Texas . The researchers on the Plos One paper found that racist searches were linked with higher death rates in black communities . ` Results from our study indicate that living in an area characterised by a one standard deviation greater proportion of racist Google searches is associated with an 8.2 per cent increase in the all-cause mortality rate among Blacks , ' the authors wrote . The map looks strikingly similar to a recent a map of racist Tweets made by researchers at Humboldt State University . Students studied 150,000 geocoded tweets sent out between June 2012 and April 2013 containing 10 pre-selected hate words in three categories : Racism , homophobia and disability . The map looks strikingly similar to a recent a map of racist Tweets made by researchers at Humboldt State University . Students studied 150,000 geocoded tweets sent out between June 2012 and April 2013 containing 10 pre-selected hate words in three categories : Racism , homophobia and disability . Researchers discovered 41,306 tweets containing the word n **** r , 95,123 referenced ` homo ' , among other terms . While racism may appear rife in the US , a separate study found that overall , Western countries are the most accepting of other cultures . The data came from the World Value Survey , which measured the social attitudes of people in different countries . Below are results of the countries that are the least tolerant : . 40 % + -LRB- of individuals surveyed would not want a person of another race as a neighbour -RRB- India , Jordan . 30 - 39.9 % Egypt , Saudi Arabia , Iran , Vietnam , Indonesia , South Korea . 20 - 39.9 % France , Turkey , Bulgaria , Algeria , Morocco , Mali , Zambia , Thailand , Malaysia , The Philippines , Bangladesh , Hong Kong . Tweets that included the slur n **** r , were not concentrated in any single region in the US . Instead , there are a number of pockets of concentration , including East Iowa , where 31 users sent out 41 tweets referencing the word , and Fountain , Indiana , where there were 22 tweets containing the slur . Perhaps the most interesting concentration comes for references to ` wetback ' - a derogatory term used for illegal Mexican immigrants . Most tweets containing the offensive term came from several parts of Texas , which surprisingly are not even close to the Mexican-American border . While racism may appear rife in the US , a separate study found that overall , Western countries are the most accepting of other cultures with Britain , the U.S.and Australia more tolerant than anywhere else . The data came from the World Value Survey , which measured the social attitudes of people in different countries . The country with the highest proportion of ` intolerant ' people who wanted neighbours similar to them was Jordan , where 51.4 per cent of the population would refuse to live next to someone of a different race . Next was India with 43.5 per cent . Racist views are strikingly rare in the U.S. , according to the survey , which claims that only 3.8 per cent of residents are reluctant to have a neighbour of another race . The country with the highest proportion of ` intolerant ' people who wanted neighbours similar to them was Jordan , where 51.4 per cent of the population would refuse to live next to someone of a different race . Next was India with 43.5 per cent . Racist views are strikingly rare in the U.S. , according to the survey .