A Nebraska man has found an innovative way to make his Craigslist ad stand out by shooting a commercial for the car he is trying to sell . Django Greenblatt-Seay , 33 , said he decided to make the video for the 2002 Ford Taurus , which he is selling for $ 3,000 , because he thought it would help spike people 's interest . ` While the 2002 Ford Taurus is a fine car , it 's not exactly exciting with just a couple of photos on Craigslist on its own , ' he told the Daily Mail Online . ` I thought I would add a little flair to it , plus I was bored on a Sunday . ' Django Greenblatt-Seay , 33 , made a Craigslist ad for his 2002 Ford Taurus stand out by filming a commercial for the car he is selling for $ 3,000 . Greenblatt-Seay used a drone to film this cinematic overhead shot at Hummel Park in Omaha , Nebraska . The video begins from far overhead , showcasing the silver car as just a speck among the vast expanse of trees at Hummel Park in Omaha , Nebraska . Greenblatt-Seay used his drone , a DJI Inspire 1 model , to capture the cinematic effect before dramatically zooming in on the car 's tires , headlights , dashboard and seats like a classic car commercial . Perhaps the best effect of the ad is that it is soundtracked with an old-fashioned 1987 Ford Taurus commercial . In the video , Greenblatt-Seay sometimes interjects the audio with a dubbed voice over to make the information relevant to his 2002-model car . ` This is Ford Taurus the sensation -LRB- used -RRB- car that 's getting all the rave reviews , ' the booming announcer 's voice begins as Greenblatt-Seay interrupts . ` For its design innovations , its high technology , the way it handles and rides , ' it continues . ` If you have n't driven Taurus , see your -LRB- Craigslist ad -RRB- right away , ' the commercial ends , replacing ` Ford dealer ' to advertise Greenblatt-Seay 's post , before the final line : . ` He 's got one now , with your name on it ' . Greenblatt-Seay said he picked the 1987 ad because it made his girlfriend Cora -LRB- pictured together -RRB- laugh the hardest . The ad is soundtracked with an old-fashioned 1987 Ford Taurus commercial , which Greenblatt-Seay sometimes interjects with a dubbed voice over to make the information relevant to the 2002 car . Greenblatt-Seay , who shot the ad over the weekend and posted it on Monday , said he first got the idea to make a commercial for his car after seeing another person do a well-done ad for their Nissan Ultima . But he said he did n't want to ` completely rip off that guy 's idea ' , so he decided to put his own spin on the concept by searching for Ford Taurus commercials on YouTube . Greenblatt-Seay said he picked the 1987 ad because it made his girlfriend Cora laugh the hardest . Cora gave Greenblatt-Seay the Ford Taurus , one of his two vehicles , in exchange for a 2008 Suzuki so that he could sell the car and use the money to buy an ` adventure van ' . Greenblatt-Seay , who works as the manager of video communications at the Union Pacific Railroad , is hoping to use the van to go on trips and pursue one of his major passions , taking time lapse videos of the night sky . Greenblatt-Seay , whose day job is video manager at Union Pacific Railroad , is hoping to sell the car so he can afford a van . His side passion is taking road trips to make time lapse videos of the night sky in national parks . Greenblatt-Seay shot the ad over the weekend and posted it to his Craigslist ad on Monday .