Neymar published a photograph of himself with his fellow Barcelona attackers on Tuesday night as supporters debated whether this was the greatest forward line in the club 's history . The Brazilian captioned the photo of himself with Luis Suarez and Lionel Messi : ` Buena victoria chavaleeeeees ... . Daleeee ! ' The phrase translates : ` Great victory lads ... come on ! ' But the cheeky Brazilian had used the typically Argentine/Uruguayan expression ` dale ' in reference to his two team-mates . Luis Suarez , Neymar Jnr and Lionel Messi pose for a picture in the dressing room after dismantling Getafe . Messi opens the scoring as he beats the keeper with a cheeky Panenka penalty . Messi celebrates after opening the scoring and setting Barca on their way to a demolition . Brazilians , Argentines and Uruguayans are not famed for always getting on but Barca 's three amigos have clicked like no forward line in the club 's history smashing the 100 goal mark reached by Messi , Samuel Eto'o and Thierry Henry in 2009 and they still have a possible eight games to play . Suarez 's record in his last 10 games is nine goals and four assists . He has also created 20 chances in that time and when he scores Barcelona always win . He said : ` We have to be on our game from the first minute in the remaining matches because we know that every rival between now and the end of the season will be motivated to beat us . But everyone here from the players to the staff and the supporters are giving everything . We know we are obliged to win things . ' Former Liverpool striker Suarez hooks a volley into the top corner to score his first of the night . Messi watches on as he bends an effort into the top corner to score his second and Barcelona 's sixth . Neymar celebrates with Lionel Messi after giving Barcelona a 3-0 lead at the Nou Camp on Tuesday night . It was n't just about Barca 's front three . Xavi was brilliant in the first half until he became Luis Enrique 's first substitution . He was given a huge ovation by home supporters who chanted for the Qatar-bound player to stay . Luis Enrique said : ` Xavi is loved here . He knows it . But we have to respect his decision -LSB- to leave at the end of the season -RSB- . He is 35 after all . ' Luis Enrique 's name was also chanted and he joked : ` It is always the same 150 supporters that do that , I pay them . ' The Barcelona coach was asked for his favourite goal of the six . ` All of them ' he said . ` I am struggling to remember any game with so many beautiful goals . '