A keen fisherman got more than he bargained for at the weekend when he reeled in a massive shark after spending hours battling the beast . Max Muggeridge , 19 , from Coomera in QLD was camping at Tweed Heads just across the NSW border with his girlfriend when the pair decided to go for an early morning fish . An avid angler , Mr Muggeridge could n't believe his luck when a huge four metre tiger shark took a bite of his line , and he spent the next three hours trying to bring it to shore . Scroll down for video . Max Muggeridge , 19 , from the Gold Coast caught this four metre tiger shark at the weekend . He reeled in the monster on the Tweed coast just inside the NSW border , after a three hour battle . The massive creature is one of the largest tiger sharks ever caught off a beach , according to Max . ` Three hours on the rod and reel , it was both physically and mentally exhausting , ' Mr Muggeridge told Daily Mail Australia . ` It definitely challenged my mindset and whether I had the perseverance to push through , ' he added . ` We were just about to reel our rods in . . I started my car up and then my rod started ticking over . ' The teenager , who is in his own words ` a shark conservationist first and foremost ' , also said the massive three hour battle left him with some serious battle wounds . ` I was absolutely shattered , I had blood blisters all over my hands , I 've got some nice callouses coming up now , ' Mr Muggeridge revealed . From the time he hooked the shark just after 7 am , to the time he pulled it in around 10.30 am the fisherman said it was a constant battle . In a post on Facebook , he described the ordeal in great detail , admitting that at times he was n't sure if he had the strength to reel the monster in . ` The first hour this shark absolutely made a mockery out of me , ' Mr Muggeridge wrote . The huge struggle with the shark left his antique fishing rod bent slightly out of shape . The 19-year-old said the catch was a once in a lifetime opportunity . Mr Muggeridge believes it could have been world record size but he was n't able to accurately measure the beast . He was with his girlfriend Alexia -LRB- right -RRB- on the beach , who was snapping photos of him reeling in the shark . ` I was hurting bad , really bad . I 've never been in so much pain . Sun burning in my face , shocking burns and blisters all over my hands , sweat and sunscreen dripping into my eyes , and my whole body aching from holding the intense pressure for such an extended time . ` Thoughts crossed my head like I ca n't do this , It 's too big , I 'm not prepared enough , I 'm on my own ... ' the post continued . Mr Muggeridge said he did n't even get a proper glimpse of the shark until the second hour , ` when it jumped out of the water !!! What a sight , I have never seen that before ! ' The teenager also spoke to Nine 's Today show on Thursday morning , telling the program he knew what he was up for about '20 seconds in ... it definitely shocked me and my girlfriend -LRB- who -RRB- I was fishing with ' . ` It absolutely blew everything I 've ever caught out of the water so it was once in a lifetime catch , ' he added . Mr Muggeridge said he thinks the catch could have been close to the world record , and he wished he could have measured it accurately . ` The current catch and release world record tiger shark held by Joey Polk is 10 foot eight inches -LRB- 3.25 m -RRB- in fork length and 12 foot 9 inches -LRB- 3.88 m -RRB- overall length , ' he told The Gold Coast Bulletin . After getting a quick measurement of the huge creature , Mr Muggeridge sent it back out to sea . He is pictured here watching the huge creature swim back out into the ocean . Mr Muggeridge -LRB- left -RRB- and Alexia -LRB- right -RRB- were camping on the Tweed coast when they were fishing . Mr Muggeridge said he decided to release the shark rather than getting the measurements necessary to prove the record because the animal was in distressed after being landed . Photos show the young man in the shallows with the creature , dwarfed by the huge tiger shark . Snapped by his girlfriend Alexia , Mr Muggeridge said she was taking photos of him while he worked to get the marine animal back in the water and out to safety . He described the catch as a life-long goal , and said that by the end of the struggle he was completely wiped out . ` I collapsed on the beach and tried taking it all in . I had just achieved everything I had ever set out to . It was surreal . The time was 10.30 am , meaning I was on the rod and reel for over 3 hours , ' Mr Muggeridge posted . Aside from the exhaustion , and battle wounds the teenager also bent his antique rod during the fight , but said he would n't change it for anything . Asked about the danger of being in such close proximity to a potentially deadly creature , Mr Muggeridge said he was n't too concerned . ` You take your chances , I 've been around enough sharks to have a basic understanding of how they work , ' he told Daily Mail Australia . ` But at the end of the day you are dealing with a wild animal . ' Max celebrates his catch , and its successful return to the sea .