Director of the British Museum Neil MacGregor has announced he is stepping down from the job at the end of the year . Mr MacGregor , 68 , who has been at the helm of the museum since 2002 , said it was ` a difficult thing ' to decide to leave . He previously ran the National Gallery and has also worked as a broadcaster - most notably on his Radio 4 series A History Of The World In 100 Objects which was inspired by the museum 's collection . Neil MacGregor , 68 , pictured at the British Museum , which he has lead since 2002 , said it was ` a difficult thing ' to decide to leave after 13 years . Mr MacGregor said last night : ` Working with this collection and , above all , with the colleagues here has been the greatest privilege of my professional life . ` But I 've decided that now is the time to retire from full-time employment and the end of this year seems a good time to go . ` The new building has been completed , so we at last have proper exhibition space , new conservation and scientific facilities , and first-class accommodation for our growing research activities . ` We have built strong partnerships with fellow museums across the UK , and are rapidly expanding our programme of loans and training around the world . ` The museum is now ready to embark on a new phase - deploying the collection to present different histories of the world . The museum in Great Russell Street is ` now ready to embark on a new phase - deploying the collection to present different histories of the world ' , according to its outgoing head . Neil MacGregor 's A History of the World in 100 Objects book and Radio 4 series were wildly popular and were inspired by the collection at the British Museum . ` It is an exhilarating prospect , and it will start with the new Islamic galleries and with plans for the future of the Old Reading Room . ' The museum 's chairman Sir Richard Lambert said Mr MacGregor had done an ` outstanding ' job . He said : ` The trustees are hugely grateful for everything he has done to bring the collection to life , and to tell its many different stories . We respect his decision to move on , and want to support him in his new projects . ` We are now starting the process of looking for someone to take on what will be one of the best and most challenging jobs of its kind in the world . ` The museum is in great shape , and we are fortunate to have an outstanding team in place to lead its activities and help build its future with the new director . ` The collection of the British Museum is in a real sense the memory of mankind and the task is to present it in the best possible way in and beyond Bloomsbury for the benefit of present and future generations . ' The museum , in Bloomsbury , central London , received 6.7 million visitors in 2014/15 and recent exhibitions have looked at life in China , Afghanistan , and ancient Rome .