A young mother has described her hotel nightmare that included seeing her and her partner invited to a late-night party with escorts in the room next door . Following a hospital stay , Lindsey Walker booked in for an overnight stay at Rex Hotel , a once highly-regarded coastal getaway , in Whitley Bay , North Tyneside . Ms Walker , her partner and two-year-old son from Darlington set out for their only holiday of the year -- only to have it ruined . Lindsey Walker , from Darlington , spent a holiday from hell at the Rex Hotel in Whitley Bay , North Tyneside . Tiles were broken and loose in the bathroom , which could have easily caused injury , while right , the wallpaper had come loose as well . At 4 am , to the sounds of pounding bass from the nightclub below , the family , upset with the standard of their £ 82-per-night room , decided they would rather sit in the reception of the hotel than attempt sleep . Ms Walker 's room included wallpaper hanging in shreds , holes in the walls , broken tiles and lingering filth from previous occupants . Ms Walker , 23 , said : ` The hotel looked lovely online but when we got there we found it was over the biggest nightclub in town and we were in the room above it . ` We went downstairs at 4 am and stayed in reception because next door were trying to drag us into their room for a party -- they had escorts and were asking if we wanted to join in . The wall in Ms Walker 's room had a deep hole in one of the panels . ` I was in my pyjamas with a two-year-old and was shaking and scared -- we did n't feel safe . ` This holiday meant everything to me . I 've been in and out of hospital with anxiety issues and it was a get well present from my mother . ' She added : ` We only realised what the room was like when we came back after a day out and it was too late to change it . ` We just want to warn others -- this is a reveller place , not for families and that should be advertised . ' Criticising staff 's handling of complaints , Ms Walker said the family had been refused a full refund and accused of making up their story . Rex Hotel 's manager , Karen Carmedy , said the issues were being investigated and that refurbishments were underway . Ms Carmedy also said the hole in the wall was not big enough to see into the next room , the damaged wallpaper was only visible because furniture had been pulled away from the wall and that the nightclub was mentioned on their website . The hotel was taken over by Malhotra PLC in January this year , who bought it after it went into administration . A spokesperson for the Newcastle-based company told MailOnline Travel : ` The hotel had become rundown under its previous ownership but will be the subject of a massive refurbishment and is about to enjoy substantial investment . ` The Malhotra Group PLC is renowned for its ability to take run down operations and turn them round into successful and stylish venues , as it has done many times over the years . ` The Rex Hotel has remained open to protect the jobs of the employees and work will begin in the near future on its upgrade . ` We 're sorry Ms Walker has a bad experience and although our website does say that there is a nightclub on site which operates at weekends , clearly this has been upsetting for her . ' The Rex Hotel was taken over by Malhotra Group in January , who have plans for major refurbishment . The Darlington family are not the only ones to have lodged complaints against The Rex , according to popular review website , tripadvisor.com . One former guest said the bathrooms at the hotel were like a scene from gory horror film Hostel while another claimed a ` tsunami from the sea would be the best option for this hole . ' One visitor renamed the hotel Guesthouse Pardiso , Whitley Bay edition while yet another disgruntled traveller rated the hotel as terrible and said : ` If you have the choice of Chlamydia or a stay at The Rex , choose the STI . ` The hotel 's 70 ` terrible ' reviews are peppered with comments from management , showing staff taking a hard line on criticism , calling one guest obnoxious , commenting on another 's vivid and peculiar hair and accusing another of covering their room in pizza and hanging a condom from the door . Rex Hotel also enjoys ten excellent reviews , with happier visitors complimenting the friendly staff , location and breakfast . One guest described it as quirky and fun while another said : ` I visited Rex hotel in October in an Erasmus + project and I find it very nice and welcoming . The atmosphere is like in old English movies , it is very traditional and nice decorated ... makes you feel exactly like in a movie . ' Another said : ` I was so impressed with this grand old lady of a hotel . The staff were so helpful and I had a wonderful stay . Its an old fashioned hotel , full of beautiful paintings and reminding you of the grandeur of an era long gone . '