Her vicious attack on a tow company clerk was not Britt McHenry 's first brush with conflict . The disgraced ESPN sports reporter has been suspended for a week after footage emerged of her telling single mother-of-three Gina Michelle : ` I 'm on TV and you 're in a f -- ing trailer , honey . ' But just a month earlier she used similar language to berate an Arkansas attorney and women 's rights campaigner on Twitter . Sarah Sparkman , who tweets with the handle @cupcakesarenice , remarked to her followers that she felt uneasy about the way female sports reporters are sexualized on screen . Her observation infuriated McHenry in a fight that ended with the reporter raging : ` you sound really bitter . if you work as hard as you say you do , you would n't bash more successful ppl on twitter . ' Twitter fight : Sarah Sparkman -LRB- left -RRB- , a lawyer from Arkansas , tweeted about how female sports reporters are sexualized - and was met with a tirade of anger from Britt McHenry -LRB- right -RRB- despite not tagging her in the tweet . Screengrabs of the conversation on March 12 have been posted on Sparkman 's blog . It started when Sparkman wrote to her followers : ` I wish there were more women in sports broadcasting that are n't completely sexualized . ` I 'm tired of seeing all sexualized photos of Kacie McDonnell in my newsfeed . I have no idea if she 's talented , but I know how she 's branded . ` I have nothing against beautiful women being in sports media , ' she wrote , ` I just wish that they were presented as professionals and not models . ' A follower responded by mentioning Britt McHenry 's name - and the situation rapidly escalated . Although they did not tag McHenry in the tweet , the 28-year-old reporter found it and began berating Sparkman . Despite having written her own blog post condemning sexualization in Super Bowl adverts , McHenry seemed angered by the suggestion that female sports reporters might be sexualized . She raged : ` went to northwestern & played competitive sports . What 's wrong w / a woman wanting to look nice & be intelligent ? ' Sparkman responded : ` I have zero issue with beautiful women in sports media . What I have issue with is how they are sexualized . ' McHenry hit back : ` define that ? I modeled & still graduated in 3 yrs w / a masters . those things do n't have to be mutually exclusive . ' To clarify her point , Sparkman sent McHenry a link to the definition of ` sexualization ' . McHenry was not satisfied : ` personally I believe it 's ppl who do n't have 1 trait or the other who try to demean others , ' adding , ` so you 're being more of a hater than the men themselves ? ' In a bid to extract herself from the back-and-forth , Sparkman tweeted her exasperation to her followers : ` Man , I swear I ca n't give an opinion without some rando on Twitter seeking me out and bashing their misinterpretation . ' The comment prompted McHenry 's final scathing words , which echo the abuse she level at the tow company clerk on April 6 . ` Technically given the two of us , you 're the rando , ' McHenry tweeted , adding : ` you sound really bitter . If you work as hard as you say you do , you would n't bash more successful ppl on twitter . ' Her stance was at odds with a blog post she wrote in January , aiming to champion women 's rights . In it , McHenry describes a cheeseburger advert that features an almost naked woman , writing : ` When so many females fight for gender equality in pay and opportunity -- still to this day in 2015 -- an advertisement like that only sets women back generations . ' ` Women , ' she pontificates , ` can be comfortable in their own skin ... Be the woman with a voice , not the sex-ed up body without one . ' But after the release of the towing company 's surveillance footage , many have questioned how strongly she feels about equality between women . The Twitter tirade bore surprising similarities with her attack against single mother-of-three Gina Michelle of Advanced Towing in Arlington , Virginia , on Easter weekend . McHenry had left her car in the parking lot of Chinese restaurant Hunan One overnight , despite obvious signs warning that cars would be towed . When her vehicle was removed , McHenry went to the towing station and made her irritation plain . She fumes at Michelle : ` I 'm in the news , sweetheart , I will f -- ing sue this place . ' The parking attendant can be heard in the video warning McHenry she is being filmed and threatens to ` play your video ' . McHenry seems unfussed , responding : ` That 's why I have a degree and you do n't - I would n't work in a scumbag place like this . ` Makes my skin crawl even being here . ' Caught red-faced : Incredibly , McHenry was warned that she was being filmed at the start of her ugly rant , however continued to insult the woman 's looks , education and job on-camera . Vicious : ESPN sports reporter Britt McHenry has been suspended for one week and could face further punishment after video surfaced of her berating an Advanced Towing employee in Arlington , Virginia . Glamorous : Originally from New Jersey , McHenry is a sideline reporter for ESPN based in Washington D.C. Pictured is Gina Michelle , the clerk abused by McHenry and told she needed to lose some weight . The parking attendant patiently replies : ` Well let 's get you out of here quickly . ' McHenry then fires back : ` Yep , that 's all you care about - taking people 's money ... with no education , no skill set . Just wanted to clarify that . ' After a few more comments , including telling the woman she does n't have a brain , McHenry delivers her biggest sting . ` Maybe if I was missing some teeth they would hire me , huh ? ' she says . ` Cos I 'm on television and you 're in a f -- ingg trailer , honey . ' Finally , before walking away , McHenry says : ` Lose some weight , baby girl . ' Online petitions calling for the sports network to fire McHenry , 28 , were approaching 10,000 signatures Friday night after video was published on her rant against Gina Michelle of Advanced Towing in Arlington , Virginia . Warning : Since Britt McHenry 's outburst , this sign has been placed on the door of the Chinese restaurant . Restaurant employees said McHenry left her car in the parking lot after happy hour then went elsewhere . McHenry tweeted her regret but has yet to make any attempt to apologize to Michelle . Advanced Trading Company insists it does not want McHenry to suffer . In a statement Advanced Towing said : ` Parking enforcement is contentious by nature . At the same time , neither Gina , our lot clerk , nor our company , have any interest in seeing Britt McHenry suspended or terminated as a result of her comments . ` Ms McHenry is our neighbor , and , as she said , to paraphrase , made remarks that were out of line . She is human and errors in judgement can be made in the heat of the moment . ` Gina is a single mother of 3 children who works a difficult job to provide her family . Gina holds no ill will toward Ms McHenry . ` As a small regulated business , we saw no benefit to releasing the video , except to highlight personal attacks employees in jobs like towing , public parking enforcement and others sometimes encounter . ` The video was not licensed or sold to anyone . ' Women 's rights champion ? Britt McHenry encourages her blog readers to ` be the woman with a voice , not the sex-ed up body without one ' . She said she posted this selfie as an example of female empowerment . Pious : Just eight days before her outburst , McHenry lectured her Facebook followers on the impact of words .