The widow of US Navy SEAL Chris Kyle has revealed the painful moment she first broke the news to their two children that their father had been murdered . Taya Kyle told ABC 's Robin Roberts she gathered her son , Colton and daughter , McKenna and prepared to tell them . ` I remembered just closing my eyes , the tears rolling down and me just trying to breathe , ' said Kyle . Reveal : Taya Kyle had to do everything she could from falling apart in front of her kids when she explained to them their father had been killed . Recovery : Taya has given an interview to 20/20s Robin Roberts about her life since Eddie Ray Routh was convicted of killing her husband , American Sniper , Chris Kyle . Taya , 40 , was speaking to Roberts for a special edition of ABC News ' 20/20 which will air on Friday , May 1 and will catch up with the widow of Kyle , whose story is portrayed in the blockbuster movie , American Sniper . It will be the first in-depth interview that Kyle has given since former Marine Eddie Ray Routh was found guilty of capital murder on February 24 for shooting dead Chris Kyle and his friend , Chad Littlefield . He was automatically handed a life sentence without the possibility of parole and Taya Kyle broke down in tears on the stand when she gave evidence on the first day of the trial . During the course of their interview , Kyle jokes with Roberts that she never thought she would marry ` a cowboy ' but was ` excited ' by falling in love with him . ` I never probably thought a cowboy would want me , ' she said . ` And I said I would never marry somebody -- a SEAL either . So ... ` there you go with your plans again , ' right ? ' Family : Chris Kyle -LRB- pictured unshaven -RRB- proudly poses with his son , Colton and daughter , Mckenna and wife Taya after leaving active service in around 2012 . Taxing and emotional testimony : Taya Kyle wipes the tears from her eyes as she gives evidence from the stand during the trial of Chris Kyle 's killer , Eddie Ray Routh in February . Eddie Ray Routh pleaded not guilty to killing Chris Kyle and said that he shot him and his friend Chad Littlefield dead because he was suffering PTSD . The jury decided he was guilty of murder and knew what he was doing . Taya has also written a new book , ` American Wife : A Memoir of Love , War , Faith and Renewal ' which will go into detail about her marriage and the aftermath of Chris 's death . The book is released on May 4 and Taya hopes it will draw a line under her recent events . In March , Taya published a heartbreaking letter to mark their 13th wedding anniversary . Taya Kyle pledged to love her late husband ` all the days of my life ' in the touching tribute in which she described the moment her future husband gave her two dozen roses during one of their first dates . Kyle , who was the subject of last year 's Clint Eastwood-directed movie American Sniper , was gunned down by fellow war veteran Eddie Ray Routh at a shooting range in Rough Creek , Texas , on February 2 , 2013 . Taya Kyle was the first witnesses called during the trial . The judge also allowed her to attend the public gallery afterwards to watch the trial . American Sniper : Eddie Ray Routh shot Chris Kyle dead in February of 2013 . In February of 2015 he was found guilty for the death of the war hero . That day , Kyle had offered to help Routh deal with his post traumatic stress disorder but was instead shot dead along with his friend Chad Littlefield . Now , in the wake of a turbulent year that involved her husband 's killer 's trial and an appearance at the Academy Awards for the film made in his name , Mrs Kyle has written of her enduring love for her husband . Posted on Facebook in March , her letter said : ` I feel you in my heart and soul so strongly . I am more blessed to have been your wife than anything else in my life . ` Today , I am thinking of our new relationship , when you rented a boutique hotel room in San Diego and surprised me with two dozen long stem pink roses when we arrived . You got us tickets to a local improv type play . I knew then I was the luckiest girl in the world to be with tough , romantic , loving you . ` Today , I have a choice . I can bury myself under the covers and acknowledge the pain of missing you and mourn the future anniversaries without you . Or , I can celebrate never having a day without you in my heart because you loved me enough to leave me a lifetime of memories and beauty . ` I am somewhere in between today . I loved you yesterday , I love you know , and I will love you all the days of my life . ' Kyle was considered the deadliest sniper in American history , with his kill count thought to number about 160 confirmed , with many more probable kills .