UFC light heavyweight champion Jon Jones ran from a crash that hospitalised a pregnant woman - but quickly came back to grab ` a large handful of cash ' from the car , witnesses told police . According to police , the accident occurred in southeastern Albuquerque just before noon on Sunday local time when the driver of a rented SUV jumped a red light . The driver , whom an off-duty officer identified as Jones , ran from the scene but then returned for the cash before fleeing again , police said . ` Witnesses stated he shoved the cash into his pants and ran north jumping the fence , ' the report said . Officers found a pipe with marijuana in the vehicle as well as MMA and rental car documents in Jones ' name , according to the police report . Police were searching for UFC champion Jon Jones in connection with a hit-and-run accident . Albuquerque police were seeking an arrest warrant for Jones on Monday . They said he would likely face a felony charge of leaving the scene of an accident since the woman broke her arm in the crash . Police said in a news release they 'd been unable to reach Jones or his lawyer . However , Jones handed himself in later the same day , with TMZ reporting he was being held at Bernalillo County Metropolitan Detention Center . According to the warrant , the pregnant woman told police she was driving when she was hit by a silver Buick SUV . According to the document , she told authorities after the accident ` I am pregnant and I feel like I am going to pass out . My arm is hurting all the way up and my husband is going to take me to the hospital . ' The woman 's arm is in a sling and she will get a cast on Tuesday , the warrant said . According to the warrant , she was planning to undergo a Monday ultrasound . The warrant also said the off-duty officer told responding police he could confirm Jones ' identity because ` I watch UFC all the time , I know what Jon Jones looks like . ' An agent for Jones , Malki Kawa , did not immediately respond to an email seeking comment from Daily Mail Online on Monday . Kawa also did not immediately respond to a message from Associated Press . Jones -LRB- 21-1 -RRB- is scheduled to defend his title against Anthony ` rumble ` johnson at UFC 187 in Las Vegas on May 23 , headlining one of the promotion 's biggest shows of the year . Police were seeking an arrest warrant for Jones on Monday , saying he would likely face a felony charge . Jones has endured legal problems and questionable behaviour during his time as a UFC champion . ` We are aware that the Albuquerque Police Department is interested in speaking to Jon Jones regarding his possible involvement in a motor vehicle accident , ' the UFC said in a Sunday statement . The message continued : ` We are in the process of gathering facts and will reserve further comment until more information is available . ' Although he is widely considered the world 's best pound-for-pound mixed martial artist , Jones has endured legal problems and questionable behaviour as champion . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .