All eyes were on her when she hosted the MTV Movie Awards earlier this month , and Amy Schumer could n't help but steal some of the spotlight from infamous media-hoggers Kim Kardashian and Kanye West at the TIME 100 Gala on Tuesday . The funny girl pretended to trip and fall in front of the couple , collapsing in a heap on the red carpet - and Kimye was not amused . The three were just a few of the big names who turned out for the annual event held at Jazz at Lincoln Center in New York City . Such a spectacle : Amy Schumer pretended to trip and fall in front of Kim Kardashian and Kanye West on Tuesday as the couple took to the red carpet at the TIME 100 event at the Lincoln Center in NYC . Moving on : The couple slowly strolled by as the Trainwreck star lay sprawled out on the floor . Kanye 's not impressed : The comedian did a good job of stealing the spotlight from the couple who are being celebrated in the Time 's 100 most influential people in the world . Sophie Theallet Evening Dress . From the Spring 2015 collection . Visit site . She 's never been a wallflower , and for the Time 100 gala in New York , Kim Kardashian brought the dramatic flair in a Sophie Theallet gown . The floor length number featured a sheer bodice with an eyelet pattern throughout the full skirt . The reality star stayed true to her signature look with a plunging neckline , but swapped out the skintight fabrics for a looser silhouette and we love it . The French designer has worked with fashion icons like Jean Paul Gaultier and Azzedine Alaia before starting her own eponymous label so it 's to be expected that she has captured Parisian chic so well in her garments . Get Kim 's bombshell look for your next event with one of the lookalike frocks in the carousel below . With gorgeous gems from ABS to Haute Hippie starting at $ 65 , you can steal her style without breaking the bank . ABS by Allen Schwartz Gown at Bloomingdale 's -LRB- now $ 201.37 -RRB- . Visit site . ABS Faux Leather-Trim Stretch Lace Gown at Saks Fifth Avenue -LRB- now $ 314.50 -RRB- . Visit site . B. Darlin Illusion Lace-Bodice Gown at Dillard 's -LRB- now $ 64.40 -RRB- . Visit site . Haute Hippie Sleeveless Lace Studded Gown at Neiman Marcus . Visit site . Amy , 33 , looked rather elegant in her midnight blue gown but did n't mind diving onto the floor for the sake of a laugh . While reality TV queen Kim managed a slight smile , Kanye remained stony faced as the blonde haired actress lay ` helpless ' on the carpet . Amy later composed herself just in time to pose alongside movie hunk Bradley Cooper , 40 , and showed off lots of cleavage in her tight fishtail frock , accessorizing with a small pink handbag . Meanwhile , fellow honoree Laverne Cox could be seen behind the group on the red carpet laughing at the entire incident . Also getting a laugh out of Schumer 's pratfall was Kardashian 's bodyguard Pascal Duvier , who could be seen giggling at the prank . Game for a laugh : The 33-year-old star almost appeared to be on top of Kim 's dress . Dressed to impress : Kardashian with honoree Laverne Cox -LRB- left -RRB- ; Models Karlie Kloss and Naomi Campbell -LRB- right -RRB- . Impressive bunch : West poses with legendary director George Lucas and Elon Musk -LRB- above -RRB- . Schumer later told People that Kardashian thought it was ` really funny ' . She said : ` I saw them , and I asked my publicist , `` Can I dive in front of them and act like I fell ? '' And she said , `` I ca n't stop you . '' ` I talked to them . They were like , `` What ? '' Kim was worried for me , and I think Kanye was just , like , scared that I was doing something . They were really sweet . Kim was really funny . She goes , `` Oh my god , I was like , does this girl need help ? '' She was like , `` That was really funny . '' It 's a big night for Kim and Yeezy as the couple are among those named individually as ` Titans ' in the weekly publication . Others who were named ` Titans ' included Saturday Night Live creator Lorne Michaels , Apple CEO Tim Cook , Lee Daniels , and restaurateur Danny Meyer of Shake Shack fame . Great to see you ! : Kim and Katie Couric showed they have ended their feud once and for all . All is forgiven : The reality star called the journalist a ` fake friend ' for sending her daughter North West a gift after saying she does n't ` understand ' why the Kardashians are ` so famous ' Say cheese : Kim snapped a photo of Kanye posing with Martha Stewart , who wrote about her for the magazine . West was also featured on one-of-five special edition covers for the Thursday April 16 issue , along with Bradley Cooper , journalist Jorge Ramos , Ruth Bader Ginsberg and ballerina Misty Copeland . The annual list is assembled by the American news magazine and has featured several big names since it was first published in 1999 including : Barack Obama , Oprah Winfrey , Hillary Clinton and Steve Jobs . Winfrey and Obama have both appeared on the list ten times , while Clinton has been named on nine different occasions . Last year 's covers featured Beyoncé , Robert Redford , openly gay NBA player Jason Collins and General Motors CEO Mary Barra . A rare smile : Kanye looked happy to see director Lee Daniels during the evening . Getting on great : Lee also spent some time chatting to the Keeping Up With The Kardashians star . Catching up : Diane von Furstenberg , Lee , Kanye and Clara Watson were all seen chatting together . Nominees for the list come from former honorees and the writing staff of the magazine , with editors getting the final say as to who makes it each year . Making the honor even more special is that each individual is written about by someone in their field or a past honoree of note . This year that included Taylor Swift writing about Barefoot Contessa Ina Garten , Karlie Kloss penning an ode to designer Alexander Wang , and Tilda Swinton honoring Schumer with a poem . Martha Stewart meanwhile wrote about Kardashian and tech billionaire Elon Musk about West . Honorees fall into one of five categories ; Titans , Pioneers , Artists , Leaders or Icons . Influential young woman : Emma Watson posed for a photo with Arjun Kochhar . Having a great time : Oscar winner Julianne Moore had a laugh with The Good Wife 's Julianna Marguilies . Capturing the moment : Woody Allen and Mia Farrow 's son Ronan could n't resist snapping a photo with Karlie Kloss . ` In our annual TIME 100 , we tell 100 stories of individual influence , ' said editor Nancy Gibbs of this year 's list . ` But taken together , these stories are an anthem to interaction , the convergence that occurs when you harmonize a good idea . ' As for Schumer , season three of her adult comedy Inside Amy Schumer premiered Tuesday night , and Comedy Central has already renewed the show for a fourth season . Schumer has also been busy promoting her first movie , Trainwreck . That semi-romantic comedy , written by Schumer and directed by Judd Apatow , will be released on July 17 . Leading lady : Emma Watson -LRB- above -RRB- was one of the youngest honorees on the list this year . ladies night : Olympic skiier Lindsay Vonn -LRB- left -RRB- and talkshow host Katie Couric -LRB- right -RRB- hit the red carpet solo . Supporting her man : Faith Hill came out to support honoree and her husband Tim McGraw -LRB- above -RRB- . Family outing : Mia and Ronan Farrow -LRB- above -RRB- attended the event together . She was promoting both her show and the film when she appeared on The Late Show With David Letterman Monday evening . In her interview with the late night host , she discussed how uncomfortable she is around celebrities - sharing a story about how she hid and yelled out Bradley Cooper 's name while backstage at the MTV Movie Awards . Letterman then urged her to do something she would later regret , at which point she lifted her skirt and pointed to a scar , saying : ` See that scar ? That 's my vagina . ' The actress has been hitting most of the major talk shows leading up to her show 's premiere , and two weeks ago had Ellen DeGeneres in tears as she discussed how out of place she feels in Los Angeles . Everyone else thought it was funny ! While the reality star managed a little smile , Yeezy remained stony-faced throughout . Schmoozing : The Trainwreck star regained her composure to pose alongside Bradley Cooper . She recalled one time when she attended a Los Angeles Lakers game and was mortified when she later learned photographers had been taking her photo as she ate handfuls of popcorn . Schumer appeared on the fifth season of the NBC reality show Last Comic Standing in 2007 , with her fourth place finish securing her a spot on a national tour that ultimately shot her to fame . She had bit parts on shows including 30 Rock , Girls , Louie and Curb Your Enthusiasm before her own show premiered in April 2013 . The New York-native , whose show was nominated for a writing Emmy in 2014 and just last week was announced as a recipient of the prestigious Peabody Award , frequently works with her sister Kim Caramele , who is also a comedy writer and served as a producer on the upcoming Trainwreck . ` That was really funny ' : Amy chatted to Kim inside and said the TV personality had been worried for her . Getting to know you : Kim did plenty of mingling during the evening , and was seen talking to Faith Hill . ` Oh just a few Time 100ers ' : Kim and her husband later went to an after party with Elon Musk , who wrote about Kanye for the magazine , and Jawbone founder Hosain Rahman .