Anthony Joshua stopped experienced American Jason Gavern in the third round on Saturday night , but still was n't happy with his performance . Gavern , in his 50th fight , was dropped twice in the second round and twice more in the third before the contest was waved off in Newcastle . But Joshua , who was returning from a five-month lay-off after suffering a stress fracture in his back , admitted he was not at his best . Anthony Joshua lands a left hand on Jason Gavern on his way to another convincing victory . Joshua dropped Gavern twice in the second round and twice in the third on his way to victory . ` I had a bit of ring rust so could n't display everything I have been doing in the gym , ' he said after his 11th professional victory . ` But once the momentum gets going I will be able to display some more shots , some more sharp shooting . ` I have boxed in Glasgow , Manchester , Liverpool , London and I have to say Newcastle is right up there with the crowd , so a big thank you to the fans tonight . ` There are a lot of expectations and Jason is a very awkward opponent . He 's a slippery customer and he is there to make me look back and he did a good job of that . ` I have a job to do and that is get a win . If I can start pushing to British titles , European titles step by step these fights wo n't really mean anything when I am experienced and a champion . ' Joshua jolted his opponent with a left hook in the opening round although Gavern showed all his experience in frustrating his younger foe . Joshua experienced few problems on his way to another routine victory in Newcastle . Joshua stands over the fallen Gavern as he boxed in front of the Newcastle crowd for the first time . Gavern did hit the canvas midway through the second after a short straight left although the 37-year-old complained he had taken a blow to the back of his head . He was on the canvas again after a brutal right hand followed by another left found its mark , but Gavern got up and defiantly raised his right hand . He was merely delaying the inevitable , though , and a flurry early in the third had him down once more before Joshua finished the job with yet another punishing left , as Gavern was this time unable to beat the count . Joshua will now face the toughest test of his career when he takes on Kevin Johnson next month . ` Johnson has same type of style as Jason ; he was a defensive puzzle to unfold but I slowly broke him down and same with Kevin Johnson , ' he added . ` There are two sides to a fight , the first six and the second six . One way or another they will get broken down whether it is in the first half or second half . ' Gavern was fighting for the 50th time as a professional but his experience counted for little .