Digital delivery of music caught up with physical formats like CDs as a money stream for the first time last year , the trade association IFPI said on Tuesday . It came , however , as overall global sales of $ 14.97 billion fell marginally from 2013 . The report also named the year 's top-selling album - the ` Frozen ' soundtrack , which sold 10 million copies , while Pharrell Williams ' ` Happy ' was the top single , selling 13.9 million copies . Taylor Swift famously removed her music from Spotify . Digital formats have now caught up with physical sales of music for the first time . Piracy and free Internet sites remain a huge problem for anindustry still reeling from the impact of turning music intodigital form , which encouraged copying , bootlegs and free musicsites , and led to a collapse in sales from $ 40 billion in 1999 . IFPI , the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry , said in an annual report , that while revenues were down 0.4 percent in 2014 from the previous year , digital formats , including streaming and downloads , had finally caught up with physical formats , with each accounting for about 46 percent of the market . The vinyl format has had a renaissance and now accounts for 2 percent of revenues . Performance rights and film and related revenues made up the balance . ` We have overall a positive picture , with the biggest market , the U.S. , growing and the third biggest market in the world , Germany , growing as well , ' Edgar Berger , chairman and CEO international of Sony Music Entertainment , said at a news conference . ` If we keep the current trajectory the industry will inevitably grow , ' he said , adding his view that paid subscriptions to streaming services ` will be the predominant performer ' . But the IFPI also noted some dark clouds ahead for the industry , including the impact of free delivery of music over Internet sites such as YouTube and dailymotion.com , and the desire of Chinese consumers to get their music for free . The industry group said it was pushing for legal changes to be made in Europe , and eventually elsewhere , so that YouTube , dailymotion and others could no longer contend they are ` safe harbours ' , immune from copyright violation because users post music and other content themselves . Jay-Z and a host of celebrities recently launched Tidal in a bid to make more money from streaming services . ` Companies that play the role of distributing , monetising , promoting do n't belong in the ` safe harbours ' , ' IFPI chief executive Frances Moore said . She noted that streaming sites such as Spotify and Deezer which pay the industry for music rights had contributed some $ 1.6 billion in revenues on the basis of having about 140 million users while the free Internet sites , with a billion users , paid something over $ 641 million . Berger said there was a ` a piracy issue that needs to be fought in China ' , adding without piracy instead of ranking in 19th place globally for music revenues , it would be in the top five . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .