Jose Mourinho hailed his ` phenomenal ' side after John Terry 's scrappy goal put Chelsea on the brink of the Premier League title . But the Chelsea manager was forced to give his players a half-time rollicking after falling behind to relegation-threatened Leicester . Victory at home to Crystal Palace on Sunday will now hand Chelsea their first league crown since 2010 . John Terry -LRB- right -RRB- flicks home from close range after a scramble in the Leicester box following a corner . Terry turns and celebrates after making it 2-1 to Chelsea with a close-range finish against Leicester City . ` It is phenomenal what my team are doing , ' said Mourinho . ` Being top of the league since day one is not easy ; I think we are what every team would like to be . ` Stamford Bridge is ready to celebrate but if I can ask something from them it is to not celebrate . We all want to win on Sunday but it will be a difficult game . Stamford Bridge must be ready to push us . ` The April month , where everybody expected Chelsea to drop points playing difficult matches against teams fighting not to be relegated as well as Arsenal and Man United , was exactly the month where we destroy opponents . ` It was a month without Diego -LRB- Costa -RRB- , without -LRB- Loic -RRB- Remy , with Didier -LRB- Drogba -RRB- and Oscar playing striker , no other solutions , just this small group of players we have . We were tactically phenomenal , team spirit , team ethic , the way we defended , the way we were clinical with our goals , the stability we showed in every game . ` In this moment we are 13 points ahead of second . We won every game except the draw against Arsenal . The boys , when the pressure was on , were even stronger . ` The old and the young . Petr Cech , great performance , John , Didier , Branislav -LRB- Ivanovic -RRB- , but other giants on the pitch , -LRB- Nemanja -RRB- Matic , -LRB- Cesc -RRB- Fabregas , Ramires . A great team . So I 'm so , so happy . I just need three more points to celebrate . ' Ramires -LRB- right -RRB- struck his effort with such power that he had both feet off the ground at one point . Jose Mourinho watches on with muddy shoes just as his side scored against Leicester City . Jose Mourinho must feel like he is walking on water as his Chelsea side edged another step closer to the title . Leicester , on a run of four successive wins , led at the break through Marc Albrighton 's goal . But Didier Drogba equalised , Terry put Chelsea ahead , and Ramires added a late screamer . ` If I tell you what I said it will be ` peep peep peep ' . Too many peeps ! ' laughed Mourinho . Terry added : ` They were a tough side and they kept fighting . We got a telling off at half-time and we came out and played excellently in the second half . It was n't good enough in the first half but listen , we got the three points . Drogba looks on as his effort from inside the box drifts in to the far corner past goalkeeper Schmeichel . ` We 've been the best side all season . We deserve a lot of respect , we 've been very good all year . Let 's hope we win it on Sunday . We are almost there . ' Drogba said : ` We do n't get enough credit . We are top of the league , we have the most points and people find us boring because we 've been top since day one . ' Leicester lost Andy King and Robert Huth to injury in the first 25 minutes and manager Nigel Pearson rued the double loss , while praising Chelsea 's champion qualities . ` It was difficult tonight because we 've had to make substitutions which in normal circumstances we would n't have done - but that 's life , ' he said . Drogba -LRB- right -RRB- wheels away in celebration as his team-mates Eden Hazard and WIllian congratulate him . ` I do n't think our players deserved being on the end of a 3-1 defeat because it was a tighter game than that . `` I 've heard criticisms of Chelsea in recent weeks and I find it very bemusing . The best sides are able to win games in different ways and they 've illustrated that tonight . ` I think they 're a really good side and have some great players . I 'm not oblivious to the views that were spouted at the weekend in terms of style of football but I 'm a big believer in winning games and that 's it . ` Chelsea are worthy champions . ' Drogba -LRB- centre -RRB- was the star of the show for Chelsea - and he was leading his team-mates in celebrations .