It 's a brave politician indeed who is willing to expose their own battle with their squeezed middle for the cameras . As the election gets underway the gloves have come off between the main parties , and for three frontbenchers the tops have come off as well . Tory health minister Dan Poulter , Lib Dem minister Tom Brake and Labour frontbencher Gavin Shuker imposed strict cuts on their calories and put themselves at the mercy of a personal trainer for Men 's Health magazine . Scroll down for video . Health minister Dan Poulter saw his weight fell from 105 kg to 102.5 kg , losing two inches off his 35in waist . His body fat fell from 24 per cent to 18 per cent . Cooped up in the Department of Health , he admitted it is difficult to practice what he preaches on keeping healthy . Skipping breakfast , grabbing lunch on the go and late nights in Parliament 's bars and restaurants can take its toll on MPs when they arrive in Westminster . After five years of the coalition government , the three MPs agreed to take part in the feature for the Men 's Health magazine , which is better known for its front covers of rippling muscles and toned six packs . Each was given strict orders to eat more healthily , do more exercise and take better care of their bodies . There was the inevitable unflattering ` before ' photo shoot , followed by a full-length portrait to show off their new physique . Mr Poulter , a GP first elected in 2010 , could be expected to already know what it takes to stay healthy . But cooped up in the Department of Health , he admitted it is difficult to practice what he preaches . ` I have an erratic diary , working 15-hour days , so it does require real dedication to get gym sessions in ' , he said . His personal trainer Stephen White put him on a regime of fat-burning intervals and muscle-building resistance training . He said : ` Dan really struggled at first because of his back -- we focused on loosening and developing it to pull his shoulders back and correct his terrible posture . ' In the end Mr Poulter 's weight fell from 105 kg to 102.5 kg , losing two inches off his 35in waist . His body fat fell from 24 per cent to 18 per cent , and he boasted of feeling ` fitter , stronger , more awake and motivated in my work ' . Lib Dem deputy Commons leader Tom Brake was told to build his upper-body strength and after six weeks of training could swim the 750m of the sprint distance triathlon without reverting to breast stroke . As deputy leader of the Commons , Mr Brake 's job involved a lot of sitting on the green leather benches listening to debates . The Lib Dem MP and keen marathon runner could have been forgiven for thinking he was fit . But after casting an eye over his ` before ' physique , personal trainer Daniel Marshall declared : ` Tom neglected every muscle from the waist up . ' The 52-year-old was told to build his upper-body strength and after six weeks of training could swim the 750m of the sprint distance triathlon without reverting to breast stroke . He lost only a kilo of his 83.5 kg starting weight , but his chest size grew from 38in to 48 in , while he lost an inch from his waist . Mr Brake said : ` I used to think going to the gym was a waste of time , and that you were much better off going for a run . Not anymore . ' Labour MP Gavin Shuker embarked on an intense weight loss regime , forced to shun carbs and alcohol when being wined and dined in Westminster . Labour MP Gavin Shuker was elected as MP for Luton South in 2010 , after incumbent Margaret Moran was forced out over her expenses . A shadow International Development minister , he says that he succumbed to the ` parliamentary stone ' - the extra 14 pounds new MPs put on in their first year after arriving in Westminster . In fact he went even further , and put on three stone within 12 months . Men 's Health rather unkindly remarked : ` The fact that the shadow minister had n't done any exercise since his school days compounded the problem -- the only internationally perceptible development being around his waistline . ` The only internationally perceptible development being around his waistline . ' He embarked on an intense weight loss regime , forced to shun carbs and alcohol when being wined and dined in Westminster . ` I 'm sure at one point an MP 's life was all big boozy lunches and champagne dinner receptions , ' he said . ` The reality now is that if you eat lunch at all , it 'll be out of a box at your desk , like most people . ' Surprisingly , he was told to eat more , not less , but make it healthy . The 33-year-old had got into the habit of not eating during the day and gorging at night . For the first time in decades he started eating porridge for breakfast . In the end he managed to lose more than 10 kg , taking him down to 85 kg . His waist slimmed down from 44in to 37in , while his biceps expanded from 32 cm to 35 cm . The magazine suggested the spectacle of three MPs naked from the waist up could inspire its readers to get fit themselves . It said : ` If they can juggle work and fitness , you sure as hell can too . It may not be easy , but then in this age of austerity , the biggest cuts never are . '