Argentina has branded British attempts to explore the seas around the Falklands Islands for oil ` illegitimate ' and says it will mount a legal challenge -- but has ruled out another conflict . Daniel Filmus , Argentina 's secretary of state for the islands , told an event in London that Britain 's decision to increase military spending in the South Atlantic was ` gunboat diplomacy ' . Mr Filmus said military conflict ` belongs to the past ' and claimed : ` The United Kingdom can count on Argentina as an ally . ' Argentina has branded British attempts to explore the seas around the Falklands Islands for oil ` illegitimate ' But he added : ` The unilateral and illegitimate appropriation of non-renewable natural resources that is being carried out by the UK in the South Atlantic has been the subject of continued protest by the Argentine Republic . ` Argentina has been forced to resort to defensive measures , ' he said , using ` the law and political action as its main tools in order to protect the natural resources in the area under dispute ' . He said Argentinian judicial authorities would consider the case against British companies involved in the oil exploration . Addressing the question of possible future conflict , Mr Filmus said : ` Argentina bears no grudge against the inhabitants of the islands in spite of all the manoeuvres designed to prove otherwise . ` What Argentina is not going to do is give in . We do not wish to spend another penny on arms . It is through negotiations that we will solve this . ` We do not know how many years it will take ... But what justification can there be for mothers crying over the deaths of their sons ? It really must be dialogue . ' Daniel Filmus 's comments sparked a furious reaction from Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Mr Filmus 's comments sparked a furious reaction from Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond , who told Sky News : ` It is an outrageous piece of bullying and threatening against the Falkland islanders ' perfect right to develop their own economic resources and Argentina needs to stop this kind of behaviour and start acting like a responsible member of the international community . ' Britain defeated Argentina in a 1982 war over the South Atlantic islands and administers them as an overseas territory , whose population of around 3,000 voted overwhelmingly to remain under British rule in a referendum in 2013 . Argentina says it is the rightful owner of the islands , which it calls Las Malvinas , a claim dating back centuries to the Spanish colonial era . The dispute has escalated in recent years with the discovery of oil and gas deposits .