Builders in Turkey have accidentally found one of the largest and most complex underground cities in the otherworldly region of Cappadocia . The area is famous for its stunning rock formations , deep valleys and ancient subterranean hideouts , which have been carved from volcanic ash rock . The latest find is thought to be the biggest underground city in Cappadocia , consisting of 3.5 miles -LRB- 7 km -RRB- of tunnels , secret churches , tombs and safe havens . Scroll down for video . Builders in Turkey have accidentally found one of the largest and most complex underground cities in the otherworldly region of Cappadocia . The city lies beneath the Nevşehir fortress -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Three entrances to the impressive complex can be seen , leading to vast , winding tunnels . The subterranean city dates back around 5,000 years and was discovered when builders saw signs of a massive network of tunnels while moving mounds of Earth . It lies beneath the Nevşehir fortress and the surrounding area , which was being excavated during a construction project carried out by Turkey 's Housing Development Administration -LRB- tokİ -RRB- . The multilevel settlement is likely to include living spaces , kitchens , wineries , chapels , staircases , according to a report in National Geographic . The find is similar to the discovery of another underground city , Derinkuyu , which was made in 1963 when a man took down the wall in his basement . A view of the underground city newly discovered in Turkey 's Central Anatolian province of Nevsehir , which is famous for fairy chimney rock formations . The city was built from volcanic ash rock . The latest find is thought to be the biggest underground city in Cappadocia , consisting of 3.5 miles -LRB- 7 km -RRB- of tunnels , secret churches , tombs and safe havens . Scientists have yet to discover all its secret passages . Cappadocia , or ` Kapadokya ' in Turkish , translates as ` land of the beautiful horses ' and tourists often catch a glimpse of long-maned horses galloping through the formations . Millions of years ago , volcanic activity covered the region under several layers of ash . Erosion then created a landscape of rock formations and spires known as ` fairy chimneys . ' The volcanic rock , or ` tuff , ' was soft and highly malleable , and proved ideal building material . The idea for underground cities came during the Byzantine-era when residents used them as hideouts when threatened by invasion by the Persians , Arabs and Seljuq Turks . The latest find is similar to the discovery of another underground city , Derinkuyu , which was made in 1963 when a man took down the wall in his basement . Derinkuyu was once home to 20,000 residents living together underground , in a city eleven levels deep with 600 entrances . Derinkuyu was once home to 20,000 residents living together underground , in a city eleven levels deep with 600 entrances . It had areas for sleeping , stables , wells , kitchens , ventilation shafts , tombs , communal rooms , bathrooms . Like Derinkuyu , the latest underground city was built to protect residents from invaders , but remains largely unexplored . But this city is far larger , with early estimates suggesting it could be around a third bigger than Derinkuyu . Geophysicists from Nevşehir University recently conducted a systematic study of a 1.5 mile -LRB- 4 km -RRB- area using geophysical resistivity and seismic tomography . The studies suggest the underground corridors may go as deep as 371ft -LRB- 113 metres -RRB- , but the exact size remains unknown . Cappadocia , or ` Kapadokya ' in Turkish , translates as ` land of the beautiful horses ' and tourists often catch a glimpse of long-maned horses galloping through the formations . Millions of years ago , volcanic activity covered the region under several layers of ash . Erosion then created a landscape of rock formations and spires known as ` fairy chimneys . ' Geophysicists from Nevşehir University recently conducted a systematic study of a 1.5 mile -LRB- 4 km -RRB- area using geophysical resistivity and seismic tomography . The studies suggest the underground corridors may go as deep as 371ft -LRB- 113 metres -RRB- , but the exact size remains unknown . The subterranean city dates back to around 5,000 years and was discovered when builders saw signs of a massive network of tunnels while moving mounds of Earth . Pictured are walkways in the Derinkuyu Underground city , which is in the same region , but smaller than the latest discovery . Millions of years ago , volcanic activity covered the region under several layers of ash . Erosion then created a landscape of rock formations and spires known as ` fairy chimneys . ' Pictured is an entrance to the city . The volcanic rock , or ` tuff , ' was soft and highly malleable , and proved ideal building material . The idea for underground cities came during the Byzantine-era when residents used them as hideouts when threatened by invasion by the Persians , Arabs and Seljuq Turks . ` This new discovery will be added as a new pearl , a new diamond , a new gold ' to Cappadocia 's riches , Hasan Ünver , mayor of Nevşehir , told National Geographic . He says he wants to build ` the world 's largest antique park , ' with boutique hotels and art galleries aboveground , and walking trails and a museum below . ` We even plan to reopen the underground churches , ' he says . ` All of this makes us very excited . ' The idea for underground cities came during the Byzantine-era when residents used them as hideouts when threatened by invasion by the Persians , Arabs and Seljuq Turks . Pictured on the left is one of its corridors and on the right the excavation site . Like Derinkuyu , the latest underground city was built to protect residents from invaders , but remains largely unexplored . But this city is far larger , with early estimates suggesting it could be around a third bigger than Derinkuyu . Cappadocia , or ` Kapadokya ' in Turkish , translates as ` land of the beautiful horses ' and tourists often catch a glimpse of long-maned horses galloping through the formations .