Sharon Winters was searching for her soulmate when she met Kevin Hawke on an online dating site - but less than two weeks later she was dead after he stabbed her in a brutal knife attack . Now her brother Stephen Robinson , 44 , from Wirral , Merseyside , is speaking for the first time since his sister 's murder , to warn other women to be careful when looking for love online . The father-of-seven said : ` She was a lonely heart just wanting love . That animal preyed on her caring nature . ' Sharon Winters , pictured here with her brother Stephen Robinson , was looking for her soulmate online . Kevin Hawke has been jailed for 17 and a half years for murdering Sharon in a frenzied attack triggered by an argument over what to watch on the television . Mr Robinson told how his 39-year-old sister suffered more than 90 injuries after Hawke stabbed her in the liver , spleen , lungs and heart with a four-and-a-half inch knife . He said that the vicious attack was triggered by a row over what to watch on the television . Afterwards , the 33-year-old killer , who had drunk 15 pints and a bottle of vodka over the course of the day , had a beer before calling the police . Hawke was jailed for a minimum of 17-and-a-half years after he admitted the murder in July last year . Liverpool Crown Court was told Hawke , of no fixed abode , moved into Ms Winters ' house after just one date , and started being very controlling with her . Mrs Winters suffered from depression and had learning difficulties and Mr Robinson said : ` I still ca n't believe someone would want to hurt my poor , defenseless sister in such a horrific manner . ' Devoted aunt Sharon is pictured here with her niece Ellie , Stephen 's daughter . He had begged her to end the relationship after hearing that Hawke would ` push his sister around ' . But Ms Winters told her brother that she was ` just desperate to be loved ' and stopped speaking to him . Mr Robinson said : ` She continued her relationship with that monster . ' Just three days later , on July 13 , 2014 , police found Ms Winters dead in her flat in Liverpool . He is now determined that his sister 's death will not in vain and is appealing for women in violent relationships to seek help , and be cautious when online dating . ` Sharon was the kindest , most loving sister . All she wanted to do was find her soulmate , ' he said . ` She wore her heart on her sleeve . She was kind and caring - a lovely woman . ' Ms Winters , who was unable to work due to depression , started going on dating websites in 2013 . Father-of-seven Mr Robinson disapproved , fearing that men were taking advantage of his susceptible younger sister . He said : ` I used to check up on her all the time , I was incredibly protective . Sharon Winters was lonely and felt that Kevin Hawke was the only man who wanted her ; Sharon , pictured with her mother Ann , had very low self-esteem , says her brother Stephen . ` One day when I was taking her over some shopping , I noticed she was looking brighter , and she told me she 'd met someone online . ` She showed me their messages to one another and I was horrified . They were very sexual and he 'd even sent her pictures of his privates . ` I feared he was just after one thing , and told her as much . She said that chatting to men online made her feel good about herself . ` She got frustrated by my disapproval , so I dropped the subject . I just begged her to meet these dates in busy places . ' However , Ms Winters would often invite men she met online back to her home , meeting them there face-to-face for the first time . Mr Robinson said : ` For all her amazing qualities , my sister lacked common sense . She 'd been bullied throughout childhood and felt like she was worthless , that she was unlovable . ` My wife Helen and I tried to build up her self-esteem , and our children loved spending time with their aunty . Stephen is trying to raise awareness of the dangers of online dating after his sister lost her life at the hands of a man she met on the internet . Stephen Robinson describes his sister as a ` lonely heart who just wanted love ' ` But at the end of the day she just wanted someone she could share her life with . ' Ms Winters thought she 'd found that someone when she met Hawke , a chef , on a dating website . Mr Robinson said : ` From the off she was smitten . She called me up after meeting him for the first time , saying it was love and that he was moving in . ` I was concerned , but did n't say anything to Sharon . I knew it would upset her . Instead my wife and I arranged a dinner with the new couple , only Kevin did n't show . ` We rescheduled for the next day and the same thing happened again . By now I was also hearing rumours that Kevin was being aggressive towards Sharon , so I pleaded with her to end it . ` All she said was , `` no one else wants me ' '' , and it was heartbreaking to hear . ' Mr Robinson 's pleas fell on deaf ears , and Ms Winters stopped talking to her brother . It would be the last time they 'd ever speak . He said : ` We had a bit of an argument about it , and three days later I called her to apologise . ` She did n't pick up her phone , which was odd , so I decided to head over to see her . I quickly checked the football scores before I left . ' As Mr Robinson checked his local news website , he also saw a news story so devastating it would change his life forever . He saw a picture of his sister 's home with the headline : ` A 39-year-old woman has been found dead in her flat . ' He said : ` I felt sick to my stomach . I called the police who told me the news , Sharon was dead . ` I knew immediately who had killed her . We were eventually told Kevin Hawke had called the police after killing my sister , and had been charged with her murder . ` As we waited for the trial I planned Sharon 's funeral . We had a butterfly theme as they were Sharon 's favourite -- delicate and beautiful , just like her . ' During the trial at Liverpool Crown Court Mr Robinson heard how the couple had been rowing over what to watch on TV . An alcoholic , Hawke had drunk 15 pints of lager and a bottle of vodka . Stephen , pictured here with his daughters Sophie -LRB- left -RRB- and Ellie , on a trip to Sea World , begged Sharon to meet online dates in a busy public place rather than at her house . Mr Robinson said : ` It was horrendous to listen to . Apparently Sharon had begged for her life and held her hands up to protect herself . If only I 'd been there . ` He was savage , her injuries were unbelievable . He 'd even ripped through her ribcage . ` When the judge sentenced him to life in prison it was justice of sorts , but all I really want is my beloved sister back . ` After the case we went to get Sharon 's belongings , and you could still see blood on the walls even through the flat had been cleaned . It must have been a bloodbath . ' Now Mr Robinson is trying to raise awareness about domestic violence as well as letting women know the dangers of online dating . ` I hope by telling Sharon 's story , people will be more wary about who they are chatting to online and make sure , if they do meet up , it 's in a busy public place . ` Kevin was aggressive towards Sharon before he killed her , and I wish she 'd gone for help . ` Instead my poor sister suffered in silence , with tragic consequences . '