Matthew Kenney smoked Flakka and then ran naked . A Florida man who was high on a designer drug called Flakka stripped and ran naked through traffic in Fort Lauderdale to escape from imaginary killers who he believed stole his clothes and wanted to murder him . Matthew Kenney , 34 , told police he smoked Flakka before he streaked though traffic early on Saturday evening while only wearing a pair of sneakers . Flakka , which can be injected , snorted , smoked , swallowed or taken with other substances , has been nicknamed ' $ 5 insanity ' for its mind-bending effects and cheap cost . After he was arrested , Kenney told police he would ` rather die than be caught by these unknown people ' , the Sun Sentinel reported . He added that ` if I got hit by a car they would stop chasing me ' according to a Fort Lauderdale Police reported . Kenney has previous arrests for disorderly conduct , making a riot and possession of a controlled substance . He was hospitalized for a psychiatric evaluation . Flakka is usually made from the chemical alpha-PVP , a synthetic version of the stimulant cathinone . That is the same type of chemical that is used to make bath salts . Scroll down for video . Kenney , 34 , ran though traffic early on Saturday evening while only wearing sneakers in Fort Lauderdale , Florida . The suspect said he was escaping imaginary killers who he believed stole his clothes and wanted to murder him . The use of flakka a designer drug that can be even stronger than crystal meth or bath salts , is up in Florida . Flakka resembles a mix of crack cocaine and meth and it has a a strong odor ` like a sweaty sock ' , WPBF 25 News reported . Once ingested , the drug causes a feeling of euphoria , hallucinations and sometimes psychosis or even superhuman strength . The high lasts for a couple hours and users are left with a strong desire to use again . There were more than 670 Flakka occurrences in Florida in 2014 , up from 85 in 2012 and zero in 2010 , according to the Drug Enforcement Administration .