She 's the beautician turned millionaire with a serious passion for fashion - and now Amy Childs has unveiled more sophisticated designs from her successful clothing range . The 24-year-old , who found fame on The Only Way Is Essex , has designed a summer range full of pretty pastels and feminine florals inspired by the festival season . Speaking to FEMAIL about her new designs , Amy said : ` I love pastels and florals - they were big at Coachella recently and I 've done my take on them . Amy Childs has unveiled her sophisticated summer collection full of pastel prints . ` There 's some smart work wear with a fun spring edge all the way to skater dresses that you can wear to BBQs and play around with the kids in . ' Amy , who is ` really proud ' of her new range , says her garments are designed for the woman wanting to embrace wearable catwalk trends and ` definitely ' for real women . Amy says her new range is full of smart workwear with a ` fun spring edge ' , as well as skater dresses her fans can wear to BBQs and play around with the kids in . The former TOWIE star says her garments are designed for the woman wanting to embrace wearable catwalk trends and ` definitely ' for real women . ` I design for real women - not photoshopped fashion models , ' she said . ` I love curves . Look at the Kardashians - times are changing and curvy body shapes are a lot more common than athletic and slim - and they should be celebrated . ' Amy admits she works out to keep her curves , explaining : ` I work out and do squats and tone up my tummy . I work for my curves and keep myself toned but I do n't try and lose weight . ` I 'm happy how I am - I would never want to give up having a duvet day and Domino 's to look like a stick insect ! ' . The fashion designer is inspired by the Kardashians and says they 're proof that times are changing and curvy body shapes are a lot more common than athletic and slim . Despite being comfortable in her own skin , Amy has - like many celebrities - faced the wrath of Twitter trolls . ` There are people out there who just love to tear people down and it has to stop , ' she said candidly . ` People think that by hiding behind Twitter or their phones that you can say hurtful things to people - that 's not true and that 's not a good message to give to the next generation . ' So , with a fashion brand , tanning range and false eyelash collection under her belt , what 's next for Amy ? ` Some exciting things , ' she revealed . ` I ca n't say too much but I am very busy with my summer range which is coming out soon and I have just launched my collection on Celebrity Fashion Clothing where my friend Pete sells his perfume and T-shirts . ' Speaking to FEMAIL about her new designs , Amy said : ` I love pastels and florals - they were big at Coachella recently and I 've done my take on them '