At least 34 people were arrested after hundreds of protesters gathered in New York City on Tuesday night to march against police brutality . The march was organized by National Actions to Stop Murder By Police . Many of the protesters cited the deaths of Eric Garner in Staten Island and Walter Scott in South Carolina . The protesters marched from Manhattan 's Union Square and across the Brooklyn Bridge where they partially blocked traffic . Scroll down for video . Hundreds of protesters gathered in New York City on Tuesday night to march against police brutality . Demonstrators climb on the Brooklyn Bridge during the protest against police brutality . The march was organized by National Actions to Stop Murder By Police . Stephen Davis , the Police Department 's chief spokesman , said 34 people had been arrested by early evening . Many of the protesters cited the deaths of Eric Garner in Staten Island and Walter Scott in South Carolina . Organizers say Tuesday 's protest was one of 28 being held across the country . Protesters tried to gain accress to the roadways of the Brooklyn Bridge , but they were blocked by police . Police began making arrests around 4:30 p.m. and by late evening at least 34 people had been arrested . Stephen Davis , the Police Department 's chief spokesman , said 34 people had been arrested by 6:40 p.m , reports the New York Times . Police say an off-duty police officer driving home on the bridge was assaulted by two protesters when he got out of his vehicle to investigate . Police say the suspects ran off after he identified himself as a police officer . He was hospitalized with injuries to his face and arm . Mayor Bill de Blasio released a statement condemning the violence - he said it was ` unacceptable and will absolutely not be tolerated . ' Traffic was halted as more people gained access to the roads . Protesters were angered by fresh cases of police violence against unarmed black men in the United States . ` And any other person who might use the right to peaceful protest as cover to initiate violence , cause mayhem or incite disorder -- whether against the police , the people or property of our great city -- should consider themselves on notice that New York City will not stand for it . ' Last year , two officers were assaulted on the bridge during a protest over Garner 's chokehold death . Seven people were seen on amateur video pushing , kicking and punching the two officers . Five people were later arrested in that assault . Organizers say Tuesday 's protest was one of 28 being held across the country . The protest started at Union Square for a 2 p.m. rally and more protesters joined during the march . Mayor Bill de Blasio released a statement condemning the violence - he said it was ` unacceptable and will absolutely not be tolerated '