The grieving sister of murdered bride-to-be Stephanie Scott has released the poem that she wrote for her sister and her intended brother-in-law on what would have been their wedding day . Kim Scott posted the poem on Saturday morning , a day after the body of a woman was discovered in Cocoparra National Park on Friday afternoon and following the arrest of school cleaner Vincent Stanford , 24 , with her murder on Thursday morning . The 26-year-old English and Drama teacher was due to marry her long-time partner Aaron Leeson Woolley on Saturday , a fact keenly plain the poem , which was addressed to ` my dearest Stephanie and Aaron on your wedding day . This is for you . ' Scroll down for video . Ms Scott 's sister Kim -LRB- right -RRB- posted a poem she had written to read out at the wedding between Ms Scott and her partner of five year Aaron Leeson-Woolley , which was scheduled for Saturday . Kim Scott addressed the poem intended for her younger sister and her fiancee , ` On this Your Special Day ... ' ` On this Your Special Day ... My little sister / Stephanie Clare Scott / Is now a wedded wife / Believe it or not , ' the poem begins . The poem speaks of Kim Scott 's anticipation of the moment when her younger sister would marry her partner of five years after a long-distance relationship . ` Aaron Leeson Woolley / The luckiest man / Is a welcomed honorary member / To the prestigious Scott clan . ' The poem goes on to detail that the pair met when they were working at their local IGA , and speaks of the early years of their relationship as Mr Woolley got to know Ms Scott 's family . Ms Scott 's sister describes their long-distance relationship while she lived in Wagga Wagga , and that the two were determined to ` make it work ' because ` they knew what love was worth . ' She describes the moment of their engagement in Thailand , and that it was ` the happiest moment ' for the popular teacher . The poem goes on to describe the wedding day that had long been anticipated but will no longer take place . 26-year-old Ms Scott was due to marry her long-time partner Mr Woolley on Saturday . Ms Scott is pictured here as a bridesmaid in the wedding of close friend Bec Eppelstun . ` We could n't be happier / It 's a dream come true / To watch your sister find happiness / And to say `` I do '' , ' Ms Scott 's sister Kim wrote . ` Of course she said yes / As we 're all here today / Celebrating this couple / On their beautiful wedding day , ' the poem reads . ` We could n't be happier / It 's a dream come true / To watch your sister find happiness / And to say `` I do '' . ' Ms Scott 's sister speaks about their strength as a couple and wishes them happiness in their life together . ` I 'm sure you 'd all agree / That their bond is unique / Special and happy / Their love is what we seek . ' Friends and family of Ms Scott flooded the post with comments of condolences and sympathy , expressing their grief and sharing their own memories of the 26-year-old . ` That really is the sweetest and most precious gift any one could give to a beautiful little sister on one of the happiest days in her life ! ' said one Facebook user . ` I 'm so sorry you did n't get to read this today at Stephanie 's wedding . Thinking of you all today , ' said another . Ms Scott 's sister wrote a lengthy poem detailing how the couple met , fell in love , and got engaged . Kim Scott explains in the poem that Stephanie got engaged to Aaron in Thailand -LRB- engagement photo above -RRB- . Stephanie Scott is pictured here in Canberra last month on a wine tour for her hen 's party with her mother Merrilyn . Ms Scott at her hen 's party before she disappeared just six days before her wedding to Aaron Leeson-Woolley . Just six days before she disappeared , Ms Scott held her hens day for her intended wedding to Mr Woolley . Another comment said that Ms Scott and Mr Woolley would be ` forever in love ' . On Friday evening , Kim Scott wrote on Facebook that ` tomorrow should have been the happiest day of Stephanie and Aaron 's lives . ' She invited friends loved ones to join the family at Mountford Park in Leeton to ` celebrate the life of our ` Button-Nose ' . ' ` Pack a picnic , wear yellow and bring your favourite memory of our unforgettable Stephanie , ' she wrote . Pictures of yellow balloons have flooded social media as hundreds of friends and family continue to pay tribute to Ms Scott . A Facebook page ` Remembering our Stephanie ' has been set up , dedicated to the memory of Ms Scott . Mr Woolley visited the memorial erected in honour of Ms Scott outside the school she taught at . Mr Woolley visited the memorial with Ms Scott 's mother and other family members . When Ms Scott was reported missing , family members quickly shot down the possibility that she had got ` cold feet ' about her upcoming wedding , insisting that she was ` so in love ' with fiancee Mr Woolley . Friends and family continue to post memories and notes of sympathy to the family on what would have been Ms Scott 's wedding day . ` Struggling to find words ! You and Aaron were supposed to be starting your new life together today ! Rest in peace you beautiful soul ... ' posted one Facebook user . ` I still ca n't believe that something so terrible has happened to such a beautiful person , today was meant to be the happiest day of yours and Aaron 's lives , ' said another . In the days leading up to the discovery of a woman 's body , believed to be Ms Scott , the sister 's of the 26-year-old turned to social media , posting desperate Facebook messages asking friends and strangers if anyone had seen her . But on Thursday morning , as it emerged 24-year-old cleaner Vincent Stanford had been charged with her murder , the pleas for help turned to heartbreaking tributes for their ` thoughtful ' sister . ` Always and forever in our hearts . That he ca n't take away from us . That 's ours to keep forever and always , ' Robyn Scott posted , along with a photo of her sister smiling with a water pistol in a sunny backyard . Murdered Stephanie Scott 's sister Robyn posted a tribute along with a photo of Stephanie smiling with a water pistol in a sunny backyard . From left are family members Robert , Stuart , Gordon , Stephanie , Robyn , Kim and Merrilyn . Family had travelled from all over the world to western NSW for her wedding this Saturday . Ms Scott was set to wed Mr Woolley in front of 120 guests at the picturesque Eat Your Greens venue in Eugowra , a tiny town in the central west region of New South Wales , this Saturday . The wedding guests who travelled to the area from as far as Europe and the Middle East were forced to drive three hours further past Eugowra and on to Leeton help search for missing Stephanie . The body believed to be Ms Scott 's was found five metres from the road at Cocoparra National Park located just north of Griffith , which was a regular camping spot for the Stanford family , Fairfax Media reports . The mother of the accused killer had reportedly provided information which led police to the scene where she believed her son allegedly dumped the body of Ms Scott . Police said they could confirm that the body had been burned , and that the remains would be transferred today and that forensic tests would be carried out to confirm that the body was Ms Scott . It follows as two men said they saw a man matching her accused killer Stanford 's description throw what looked like a bag holding a laptop into an irrigation channel on Sunday afternoon , the day police allege the 26-year-old was murdered . The body believed to be Ms Scott 's was found five metres from the road at Cocoparra National Park . Police said they could confirm that the body had been burned , and that the remains would be transferred today .