After Thursday night 's rapid-fire ticket sale , seats for Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao 's eagerly-anticipated weigh-in have sold out within minutes on Friday evening . Tickets for the pair 's face-off on May 1 , 24 hours before their mega-fight in Las Vegas , went on sale from the MGM property box offices on Friday at 3 pm - as fight fans queued around the block to get their hands on one of 10,000 tickets up for grabs . The MGM Resorts Box Office was said to be overwhelmed with calls with boxing fan Ryan O'Hara tweeting : ` Spoke with @MGMGrand phone line was overwhelmed for #MayweatherPacquiao weigh-tickets , it crashed . . #boxing ' Fight fans queue for weigh-in tickets at the MGM property box offices in Las Vegas on Friday . A poster advertising Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao is advertised from a shop window in Las Vegas . Mayweather and Pacquiao strike their poses during a news conference in Los Angeles last month . Late last night , a ticket priced at $ 128,705 -LRB- £ 85,508 -RRB- appeared on the StubHub website after all tickets on public sale were snapped up inside a minute . One lucky English fan managed to snare a ticket for $ 7,924 -LRB- £ 5,265 -RRB- and tweeted his booking confirmation . Mayweather and girlfriend Doralie Medina chill out at home days before the fight . Manny Pacquiao takes on the pads with trainer Freddie Roach in front of the watching media . Friday 's sale came after tickets for the May mega-bout sold out within a minute of going on sale on Ticketmaster on Thursday night . Just minutes after 8 pm UK time -LRB- 12 noon in Las Vegas -RRB- , tickets for the richest bout in history began appearing on the secondary market with one ticket going for a cool $ 128,705 -LRB- £ 85,508 -RRB- on StubHub . After weeks of wrangling and accusations between Mayweather Promotions and Pacquiao 's promoter Bob Arum , a batch of between 500 and 1,000 tickets were made available to boxing fans for the mega-fight in May . Floyd Mayweather -LRB- left -RRB- trains with his uncle Roger during a media workout in Las Vegas last week . Pacquiao also wrote on instagram : ` I 'm ready to rumble . Nine days to go ' ahead of the clash . Fight fans were able to purchase the tickets through mgmgrand.com and ticketmaster.com - although those precious seats certainly came at a cost as prices began at $ 1,500 -LRB- £ 1,000 -RRB- leading all the way up to $ 7,500 -LRB- £ 5,000 -RRB- per seat . Prospective buyers were limited to four tickets per person . The mgmgrand.com website experienced issues minutes before the 8 pm start time due to high traffic . Those lucky enough to secure a seat for the mega-fight via Ticketmaster will have to collect them in person from Wednesday , April 29 from a designated collection point in Las Vegas . One lucky English boxing fan managed to snare a ticket for the big fight at a cost of $ 7,924 -LRB- £ 5,265 -RRB- and tweeted his booking confirmation on Thursday night . Super-ringside tickets costing $ 10,000 -LRB- £ 6,600 -RRB- were not released for public sale with several reports suggesting those seats would exchange hands on the ` black market ' for upwards of $ 200,000 -LRB- £ 133,000 -RRB- . Mayweather vs Pacquiao is advertised by an escalator at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on Wednesday .