Spotted : Pippa Middleton is said to have been buying up the mull-cloth nappies in Geneva . With the birth now imminent , relatives of the forthcoming Royal baby will be ready to shower the newborn with expensive gifts from London 's smartest shops . But the Duchess of Cambridge may be in line for a more practical present for her baby -- a supply of biodegradable nappies from her sister , Pippa Middleton . At £ 4 each , the mull-cloth nappies are not cheap and they are yet to really catch on in the UK . But they are all the rage in Europe and Pippa , 31 , may have learned of their merits during one of her frequent trips to Switzerland where her boyfriend Nico Jackson lives . Shoppers in Geneva have reported seeing Pippa buying the nappies in a shop there . Most of their appeal comes from the fact that they are made from natural fibres -- meaning , unlike conventional nappies , they do n't end up in landfill heaps . Kate is unlikely to be too concerned about their cost but will know that using eco-friendly nappies will please the baby 's grandfather , Prince Charles , a keen environmentalist . Pippa will be aware that Kate adores natural clothing materials . The first photograph taken of Prince George as the family left St Mary 's hospital in London in 2013 showed him wrapped in organic muslin cotton swaddling from a clothing brand Aden + Anais . Pippa has also recently been seen visiting a high-end baby boutique in Geneva where she enquired about a £ 140 rocking chair . She has also spent a ` small fortune ' on baby grows from clothing brand Arsène et les Pipelettes , according to an eyewitness . Eco-friendly : The nappies are very popular in Switzerland , but have yet to catch on in the UK . She bought in neutral colours , suggesting that even she has not been told whether Kate is expecting a boy or a girl . Last night supporters of the Duke and Duchess were camped outside the private Lindo Wing of St Mary 's Hospital in Paddington , London , where the Duchess is expected to give birth imminently .