A woman was reportedly spotted threatening people with ` a dildo in each hand ' during an altercation outside a Grafton pub . An eye-witnesses said a fight broke out inside Roches Family Hotel late Friday night before it spilled out onto Victoria Road . Nick Weller told the Daily Examiner he initially saw two girls brawling on the streets . A woman was reportedly spotted threatening people with ` a dildo in each hand ' during an altercation outside Roches Family Hotel in Grafton . ` There were two girls having an altercation out the front after the hotel closed , ' he said . ` There was definitely some hair pulling going on and a couple of girls ended up on the ground . ' The altercation took an unusual turn when Mr Weller and other onlookers spotted a woman approaching the scene , armed with two rubber sex toys . ` Out of nowhere this other woman joined the fray with a dildo in each hand , ' Mr Weller said . ` She was swinging them about in the air threatening people who were standing around . ` It was just so weird to watch . My friends and I had no idea what was going on . We tried talking to her but she was seriously out of it at that stage . ' Grafton Police confirmed they attended the scene however no one made a formal complaint about the woman or her strange choice of weaponry . He described the woman as Caucasian , of slight build , aged in her late 20 's or early 30 's . Mr Weller said there were at least five or six girls fighting on the streets before police arrived . ` There was 20 or 30 people standing around it trying to break it up or having their own little altercations alongside . ` As soon as the cops arrived everybody sort of dropped their drinks and cleared off . ' Grafton Police confirmed they attended the scene however no one made a formal complaint about the woman or her strange choice of weaponry . A spokesperson from Roches Family Hotel denied there was a fight outside the venue , instead claiming it was ` just a heated discussion between a couple of people that spilled on to the street ' . ` It was cleared up pretty quickly as soon as the police arrived on scene , ' they told the Examiner .