Crown Princess Mary of Denmark cut a stylish figure as she attended a remembrance ceremony in Denmark on Thursday . The Tasmanian-born royal looked appropriately sombre in a chic black ensemble paired with grey accessories to mark the 75th anniversary of the occupation of Aabenraa . The Crown Princess stepped out solo for her royal duties , following a week of family celebrations honouring the 75th birthday of Queen Margarethe II . Scroll down for video . Striking : Crown Princess Mary of Denmark cut a stylish figure as she attended a remembrance ceremony in Denmark on Thursday . Sombre : Mary was in the town of Aabenraa to mark the 75th anniversary of the invasion of Denmark by Germany on April 9 , 1940 . Mary was met by representatives of the Danish military in Aabenraa , where she placed a wreath at a memorial and attended a service . The 43-year-old wore a conservative black dress and coat with a rounded neckline and oversized buttons , embellished with a brooch . Her brunette hair was pulled into an elegant bun , beneath her striking grey felt hat , which perfectly matched her high heels . Striking : The stylish royal wore an asymmetrical grey felt hat for the occasion . Accessories : Mary 's understated outfit was perfectly accented by simple stud earrings , an elegant brooch and simple make up . Elegant : The 43-year-old wore an appropriate chic black dress and coat ensemble accessorised by her grey hat and heels . Understated make up and simple diamond stud earrings completed the look . The memorial event marked the invasion of Denmark and Norway by Nazi troops on April 9 , 1940 . The Danish King Christian X surrendered after the capital city of Copenhagen fell , following Hitler 's conquering of Poland . It was the shortest German military campaign of WWII , with the King surrendering just two hours after Nazi forces invaded . Remembrance : The Crown Princess placed a wreath at a war memorial before attending a service . Queen Margarethe II was born one week later on April 16 , and the country are currently in the midst of celebrations marking the milestone . The royal family attended a gala night on Wednesday , which saw Mary and her husband Crown Prince Frederik with their two eldest children , Prince Christian and Princess Isabella . Mary wore an elegant midnight blue gown with glittering jewels . Earlier in the day they had also attended a luncheon , where the Crown Princess wore a chic cream dress beneath a wool coat . Celebrations : It has been a busy week for the Crown Princess , who has taken part in birthday events to mark the 75th birthday of Queen Margarethe II . Dressed to impress : Princess Mary and husband Prince Frederik were accompanied by their two children Prince Christian and Princess Isabella on Wednesday for a gala night on Wednesday .