Leanna Norris -LRB- pictured during her trial -RRB- admitted killing her young daughter . A mother who drugged her young daughter with allergy medicine before smothering her to death has been jailed for 37 years . Leanna Norris , 25 , of Auburn , plied two-year-old Loh Grenada with Benedryl to make her sleep before by covering her mouth and nose with duct tape and a blanket , a court heard . The body was found in the front seat of her car in Stetson , Maine , on June 24 , 2013 . Assistant Attorney General Deb Cashman said Norrishad committed the murder to stop her ex-boyfriend , the father of her child , dating other women . ` She did not want -LRB- his new girlfriends -RRB- mothering her child , ' reported the Bangor Daily News . Norris wept as she told the Judge : ` I want it to be known that I 'm sorry to everyone that I have hurt , ' reported the newspaper . ` All I ever wanted was for her to be safe and us to be together forever . ' The court heard that Norris had suffered from mental health problems including depression , and had tried to commit suicide after she killed her daughter . But Superior Court Justice Ann Murray had rejected Norris ' insanity defense and found her guilty . Norris admitted to investigators that on the evening of June 23 , 2013 , she drove her daughter , Loh Melody Grenda , to Durham Bridge Road in Newport and gave her three times the normal dose of an antihistamine . She put duct tape over the girl 's mouth and nose , then smothered her with a blanket so she would not have to watch her die , according to the trial testimony . The mother then drove to a cemetery in Stetson and took the rest of the antihistamine and swallowed 200 Advil pills in a suicide attempt . Norris told police that she had broken up with Loh 's father and he had threatened to try to get sole custody of the girl . Norris , 25 , had drugged two-year-old Loh Grenada -LRB- pictured -RRB- then covered her mouth and nose with duct tape . Cowardly act : The court heard that Norris allegedly had covered her daughter with a blanket while she smothered her so she ` would not have to look at Loh 's eyes ' Martha Harris , who is representing Norris , told the courtroom that her client was depressed and had both anxiety and mood disorders last year , according to the newspaper . Norris ' ex-boyfriend Michael Grenda , who was the father to two-year-old Loh Grenda , testified about the parents ' estranged relationship , according to the newspaper . His testimony reportedly included that the couple 's verbal disputes led to police being dispatched on multiple occasions -- and though Grenda broke up with Norris on June 16 , 2013 , the two agreed to stay and parent in the same residence . Norris ' digital communications with different men stopped a potential reunion , he also said , according to Bangor Daily News . Grenda reportedly recounted his telling Norris on June 23 ` that was the end of everything ' - and then ` She became very upset . She was crying and smashing her head against the wall . ' The 27-year-old 's testimony also reportedly revealed that Norris cooled off that morning through his help , he left the home in the afternoon , and found out what happened to Loh Grenda on June 24 . Suicidal : Leanna Norris allegedly asked for a gun after her daughter 's death in order to take her own life . Testimony : Assistant Attorney General Deb Cashman said Norris knowingly committed the murder and ` did not want Mike dating other women and did not want them mothering her child . The suspect 's father Steven Norris said he received a 2.27 am phone call on June 24 from his daughter , in which she admitted to killing Loh . He then contacted the authorities while Norris was one the phone with her mother . Norris later turned up at her parents ' home with the dead body inside the car . He told the court she had been feeling suicidal and had asked for a gun , according to the Bangor Daily News . Her affidavit by Maine State Police Detective Thomas Pickering said she offered ` two or three syringes of Benadryl to make -LSB- Loh Grenda -RSB- go to sleep . ' ` Leanna Norris put black Gorilla -LSB- duct -RSB- tape on Loh Grenda 's mouth and nose ; that Leanna Norris put a blanket over Loh Grenda 's face so she would not have to look at Loh 's eyes , ' the affidavit reportedly said . ' Leanna Norris said that she killed Loh Grenda ; that Leanna Norris put her hand over Loh Grenda 's face and suffocated her . ' Judge : Superior Court Justice Ann Murray is pictured at the bench during the trial at Penobscot Judicial Center , Bangor . Assistant Attorney General Leann Zainea appears for the prosecution -LRB- left -RRB- across from defense attorney Martha Harris -LRB- right -RRB- . Norris said she took the tape off ` so it would not look so horrible ' , the affidavit is said to reveal . Later at a Stetson cemetery was ` where -LSB- Leanna Norris -RSB- took pills and put tape on her face in order to kill herself , ' the affidavit also reportedly said . But , after vomiting , the 24-year-old allegedly called her father , Steven Norris , and then drove to his house , where he discovered his granddaughter dead under a blanket . Norris , who had asked to be tried without a jury , had told the judge that she did n't set out to kill her daughter and her defense asked for the minimum sentence of 25 years . But Mr Grenada , Loh 's father , had branded the request ` a joke ' and recommended a 45 term for the ` premeditated ' killing . Justice Murray sentenced Norris to 37 years in prison after taking into account the child 's suffering and her mother 's mental illness .