Justin Bieber was reportedly placed in a chokehold by security and booted from the Coachella music festival over the weekend . The 21-year-old singer argued with security after being stopped at the artists ' entrance where Drake was performing at the event in Indio , California . A video obtained by TMZ appears to shows Bieber being put in a chokehold and escorted from the area . Scroll down for video ... Off-stage drama : Justin Bieber was reportedly put in a chokehold by security and booted out of the Coachella music festival on Sunday after trying to gain entry to Drake 's gig , pictured here at the event on Friday . The drama unfurled on Sunday night when the Canadian pop star and his entourage tried to gain entry to Drake 's gig . They showed they had proper wristbands , but were told by bouncers that the area was at capacity , according to the report . Eyewitnesses told TMZ that Bieber argued with security and said he could n't stand in a huge crowd without being swamped by fans but security told him to leave . Pictured : Justin Bieber is shown being approached by the security guard at Coachella . Not getting in : Bieber and his entourage were trying to gain entry to watch Drake 's performance on Sunday . Chokehold : The scuffle between security and Bieber was caught on camera by a festival go-er . Bieber insisted that he was personally invited by Drake , had been waiting to see him perform and angered security by standing his ground , according to the article . A staffer at the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival at that point came up to Bieber and said she would escort him inside the artist 's area . What he missed : Drake performed with Madonna , seen here wiping his mouth after she surprised him with an onstage kiss . She grabbed Bieber by the arm and was walking the singer and his bodyguards inside , when festival security came up from behind and allegedly put Bieber in a chokehold . Bieber 's team tangled with security and the singer was then ordered to leave the festival . Sources close to Bieber told TMZ that he voluntarily left and was considering taking legal action against the security guards . Good times : Justin is shown on Saturday with Kendall Jenner at the star-studded music festival . Time to leave ? Bieber and Kendall are pictured on Saturday , before the drama kicked off on Sunday night at Coachella . Jen 's Pirate Booty La Vie Off-the-Shoulder Crop Top at Nasty Gal . Crop it like it 's hot . Visit site . Coachella seems to be the one place where Kendall lets loose in terms of her style and is open to experimenting ; she just wants to fit in with her Jenner-ation ! The catwalk strutter has a flair for festival fashion , and she always pulls out all of the stops at this annual LA music festival . Take this gypsy style outfit which comprises of an off-shoulder white crop top and flowing black maxi skirt with thigh splits , tied together with a statement waist belt . The top is by Jen 's Pirate Booty and is the perfect take on summer bohemian vibes . Styled with everything and anything from denim cut offs and brown boots to maxi skirts and sandals , this off-shoulder top will set pulses races however you wear it . And the best part is that it 's attainable for us mere mortals ; it 's only $ 88 at Nasty Gal , so hurry up and buy it with a click to the right before it sells out . She 's a normal teen at heart ! If you want to emulate Kendall 's look for even less , take a gander at the style edit below at our top picks from the likes of Charlotte Russe , Guess , and more . re : named Solid Off Shoulder Crop Top . Visit site . Charlotte Russe Chevron Off-The-Shoulder Top . Visit site . Guess Off-The-Shoulder Eyelet Top at Bloomingdale 's . Visit site . Free People Willow Crop Top . Visit site . Party time : Justin was spotted heading into an Neon Carnival after party on the second day of the music festiva . Troublemakers : Justin was also seen hanging out with Chris Brown at the NYLON party on Friday . The altercation meant that Bieber missed Drake 's set - that featured a surprise performance from Madonna . While on stage , Madonna kissed the rapper and his less-than-impressed reaction was caught on camera . Bieber had been spotted on Friday and Saturday at the outdoor music festival . Just landed : Justin on Monday shared an Instagram snap with the caption saying he just arrived in Europe . Lost his temper : Justin is shown in March 2013 as he tussled with paparazzi in London . He was hanging out on Friday night with Kendall Jenner , 19 , at a party at Beacher 's Madhouse . The Baby singer on Saturday night took in the music with her yonger sister Kylie , 17 , and other members of their entourage . Bieber shared an Instagram snap on Monday showing himself on the staircase of a parked jet and writing in the caption that he just landed in Europe . Here comes trouble : Bieber had been partying at the popular music festival over the weekend , seen here on Friday . Partying : Justin had been enjoying the music festival with Kendall and Kylie Jenner . Bond : Justin and Kendall appeared to very close throughout the festival -LRB- pictured above at the Bootsy Bellows Estate sponsored by McDonald 's & Chevrolet -RRB- . Saying their prayers : Justin and his pal also posted this shot from the festival before it all kicked off .