Up to 100 Islamic teachers could be banned from working in schools for life following an investigation into their alleged links to the Trojan Horse scandal . It is understood a teaching watchdog is working on possible disciplinary cases against current and former staff members at some schools in Birmingham where extremist Islamic views were being forced on pupils and staff . This includes allegations an al-Qaeda style video featuring masked gunmen was copied in a classroom and teachers punished pupils by making them kneel on tiles . More than 50 teachers - called the Park View Brotherhood - also alleged exchanged as many as 3,000 messages in a WhatsApp group which included offensive comments about British soldiers and claimed the murder of soldier Lee Rigby was a hoax . Scroll down for video . Park View School in Birmingham was one of the schools placed in special measures after inspectors found systemic failings in safeguarding pupils against extremism - up to 100 teachers are now being investigated . It is understood the National College for Teaching and Leadership -LRB- NCTL -RRB- - the profession 's watchdog responsible for banning teachers from classrooms - is looking at 30 disciplinary cases , with an expectation many more teachers will be targeted for their part in the affair . The probe into the Islamic plot last year found evidence of anti-Western rhetoric , intolerance towards gays and creating the perception of a worldwide conspiracy against Muslims . Golden Hillock School , Nansen Primary School , Park View School - all run by the Park View Educational Trust - Oldknow Academy and Saltley School in Birmingham were placed in special measures after inspectors found systemic failings in safeguarding pupils against extremism . Another school investigated , Alston Primary , was already in special measures . Allegations under investigation include claims that an al-Qaeda style video was copied at Park View Academy and teachers punished children by making them kneel on the floor , the Sunday Times reports . A group of teachers - called the Park View Brotherhood - also alleged exchanged messages in a WhatsApp group where they claimed the murder of soldier Lee Rigby and the Boston bombings , where two bombs were set off at the finish line of the city 's marathon , were a hoax . Professional hearings are set to begin next month . More than 50 teachers alleged exchanged messages in a WhatsApp group which included offensive comments about British soldiers and claimed the murder of soldier Lee Rigby in Woolwich , was a hoax . In his report , Peter Clarke -LRB- pictured -RRB- found there had been a ` coordinated , deliberate and sustained action ' to introduce an aggressive Islamic ethos in the schools . The teaching watchdog has obtained ` dossiers ' about some of the 100 staff it is investigating from the Department for Education as part of its inquiries . They are understood to include information from last year 's Trojan Horse probe headed by Peter Clarke , the former head of counterterrorism at Scotland Yard . His report , published in July , found there had been a ` co-ordinated , deliberate and sustained action , carried out by a number of associated individuals , to introduce an intolerant and aggressive Islamic ethos into a few schools in Birmingham ' . It also highlighted a ` disconcerting pattern ' in the schools , including nepotism in staff appointments , bullying of senior teachers , a ` strategy of harassment to oust the head teacher ' and the ` reinforcement of Muslim identity to the exclusion or disparagement of others ' . A source told the Sunday Times : ` The 100 or so include teachers , teaching assistants and teaching staff . The Department for Education is feeding in information to help corroborate some of what the NCTL has , and , in other cases , flag up new targets . ' ` In some cases , some of those teachers and staff are still working at schools , and in other cases they have been removed . ` But although some of them have been removed , the NCTL does not want them to end up anywhere else . ' The Trojan Horse scandal started with an anonymous letter in March last year describing an Islamic plot to take over schools in Birmingham called ` Operation Trojan Horse ' . The document - now thought to be a hoax - proposed a campaign of installing governors and undermining and then replacing school leaders with staff who would be more sympathetic to their religious agenda . That in turn led to 21 schools being inspected by schools inspector Ofsted , which put six schools in special measures and said five had not done enough to protect children from extremism . Golden Hillock School , Nansen Primary School , Park View School - all run by the Park View Educational Trust - Oldknow Academy and Saltley School in Birmingham were placed in special measures . Another school investigated , Alston Primary , was already in special measures . Then in November last year , inspectors found evidence that six independent faith schools in Tower Hamlets , in east London , had an unbalanced curriculum . Several teenage girls have fled to join ISIS in Syria from schools in Tower Hamlets . This Easter , tens of thousands of leaflets were distributed by Tower Hamlets council advising parents to ` lock away ' their children 's passports if they fear the youngsters may be planning to travel to Syria over the holiday period . Tower Hamlets is the only local authority in London where Muslims account for the largest single religious group . An estimated 35 per cent of the population practise Islam , compared with 4.4 per cent across the country according to the latest census .