Johnny Depp and Amber Heard touched down in Brisbane Tuesday morning local time , putting on a show of unity amid rumors of marital woes just two months after they tied the knot . The couple were ready for their close-up as they left their private plane , walking hand-in-hand . Both Johnny , 51 , and Amber , 28 , were wearing their wedding bands , although missing from Amber 's ring finger was the huge sparkler Johnny gave her on their engagement . The sighting comes just hours after People.com claimed they were ` leading separate lives ' because they had n't been photographed together in public since their February 3 nuptials . Together again : Johnny Depp and Amber Heard held hands as they arrived in Brisbane , Australia , on Tuesday morning local time . Putting rumors to rest : The couple , who were both wearing their wedding bands , had n't been photographed together in more than two months , fueling speculation about the state of their marriage . Levi 's 501 distressed jeans . Buy a similar style here . Visit site . Whether she 's wearing a jaw droppingly gorgeous dress on the red carpet , or ripped jeans to catch a flight with her new husband , Amber Heard always looks every inch the A-lister . She arrived at Brisbane airport looking casual yet cool wearing some high waisted jeans with a white T-shirt tucked in , a cutesy leather belt and some printed loafers . If like us you live in jeans then you 'll always be on the lookout for new styles to mix things up . There 's only so many times you can wear classic black skinnies ! But sometimes going back to basics is the best policy . Amber ripped up the rule book by wearing these distressed jeans by Levi 's , the iconic American brand that has been dictating denim trends since 1853 . If you want to make like Amber you can buy a similar pair of jeans by clicking the link , right.Or check out our other fave finds below . And do n't make the mistake of thinking they 're just for dressed down days . Why not style yours up with a Breton striped top , heels and a blazer ? Halogen girlfriend jeans at Nordstrom . Visit site . ASOS Theo jeans -LRB- now $ 34 -RRB- . Visit site . River Island bleached ripped boyfriend jeans -LRB- now $ 30 -RRB- . Visit site . Topshop ripped jeans . Visit site . It had also previously been suggested in media reports that Johnny might have been in rehab after a round of partying in Brisbane while reprising his role as Jack Sparrow . He had been spotted partying up a storm at a number of musical events including a Foo Fighters concert in between his filming schedule . He also showed up for a Marilyn Manson show in Brisbane , even appearing on stage with the famous rock star . The actor flew back to LA after injuring his right wrist on March 10 and it had been thought he would only be gone for a couple of weeks , prompting more speculation about what was keeping him from the set of the Disney film . He returned Down Under Tuesday with his right hand still bandaged with a red bandana . Holding on tight : Johnny has to go back to work filming the fifth Pirates Of The Caribbean movie for Disney . It 's being shot on Australia 's Gold Coast . Wedded : Each made sure their wedding band was clearly visible as they disembarked from the private plane that flew them Down Under . Pushing back : The couple , who 've been married for 10 weeks , put on a united front as they were whisked away from the airport . ` His return depended on his recuperation from surgery and when his physician allowed him to travel . It was entirely dependent on that , ' said Michael Singer , a publicist for Jerry Bruckheimer Films as he announced the actor 's arrival back in Australia . Rumors about the state of Johnny Depp and Amber Heard 's marriage ratcheted up a notch on Monday in the U.S , with fresh claims in the media that the couple spend more time apart than together . But it 's clear the celebrity couple are anxious to put the rumors to rest . Amber , who turns 29 on Wednesday , is obviously planning to celebrate with her husband . Her appearance by his side as he returns to work is surely designed to dampen speculation that all is not well between them and to quash fears , reported by People.com on Monday , that Johnny had been struggling to control his partying during filming . Affectionate : The 51-year-old star placed a hand gently on his wife 's back as she waved to fans who saw them arriving at Brisbane airport . I 'm back : Johnny gave a thumbs up as he walked down the steps of his private jet . Birthday girl : Amber , who started dating Johnny after they fell for each other on the set of their film The Rum Diary , will celebrate her 29th birthday on Wednesday . In its article on Monday , People trumpeted that the pair spend more time apart than together while Page Six alleged that Amber 's close relationship with a New York photographer is ` causing drama in her marriage . ' It came after Amber turned up solo at the Tribeca Film Festival for the premiere of her movie When I Live My Life Over Again on Saturday and as Johnny failed to show up for work on schedule at the Australian set of the fifth Pirates Of The Caribbean . At the weekend , a report in Australia claimed that the star of the Disney franchise was a week overdue for his return Down Under . Sydney Confidential said Johnny failed to board his scheduled private charter flight from Los Angeles and ` has now been missing for a week ' . Principal photography on the $ 250 million production had been scheduled to start again on April 20 but the fact the star had n't shown up by then only added to the rumor mill . Scroll down for video . Solo : Amber showed up without husband Johnny for Saturday 's premiere of her film When I Live My Life Over Again at the Tribeca Film Festival . Sparkling : The blonde beauty , who is openly bisexual , was wearing her wedding band and her huge diamond engagement ring when she walked the red carpet solo at the film festival . Where 's Johnny ? Johnny , seen boarding a plane in Brisbane bound for LA back in March after injuring his wrist while filming the new Pirates Of The Caribbean film . People.com poured more fuel on the fire Monday when the magazine quoted an unnamed insider who confirmed the actor was still in LA . ` There are rumors on the set that he was in rehab , ' the insider told the publication . ` As soon as Johnny arrived in Australia , he was partying hard , ' the insider said . ` After he got injured , no one was surprised . He did n't seem to care at all about filming and was all about partying . ' Rocking and rolling : The Pirates Of The Caribbean star joined Marilyn Manson on stage at his Brisbane concert last month . Having a good time : Johnny also attended a Foo Fighters concert in the Queensland capital in between his filming schedule . Amber and Johnny legally married at the 21 Jump Street star 's LA home on February 3 and then jetted off to his private island in The Bahamas for a more traditional celebration a few days after . But according to the People . com story , their busy schedules cut the honeymoon period short with Amber heading to London to shoot The Danish Girl and Johnny going back to LA . An unnamed source told the magazine that ` it 's not surprising ' the two are n't spending much time together . ` They seemed to have a lot of relationship problems in the months leading up to the wedding , ' the source says . ` When the wedding finally happened in February , it had been postponed several times . ... Amber had her wedding dress for months before they settled on a wedding date . ' Trouble in Paradise ? Published reports on Monday suggested that the celebrity couple , seen here at Haneda Airport in Tokyo on January 26 , were ` leading separate lives ' Island getaway : After legally tying the knot in LA on February 3 , the couple had another ceremony on Johnny 's private island in The Bahamas . But a few days later , they went their separate ways due to career commitments . The New York Post 's Page Six alleged that Amber 's close friendship with photographer Io Tillett Wright is another reason there is tension between the two stars . It reported that the openly bisexual actress became friends with Wright in 2012 , the same year she started dating Johnny , and that the actor and activist once stayed in the actor 's guest house . A source told Page Six that Johnny ` does n't like Io ' and believed Amber and he ` were spending too much time together for it to be comfortable . ' Wright eventually moved out of Depp 's guest house . Close friends : The Rum Diary actress and actor , photographer and LGBT activist Io Tillett Wright have been spending time together in New York . Wright shared this snap of the pair on his social media accounts on Friday . On Friday , Wright posted a selfie with the actress grabbing his hair in one hand and getting close to him with her red lipstick mouth wide open and her eyes closed . Alongside the photo that Wright shared on social media , he wrote : ` I am so proud of my love Amber Heard , for her performances , for defying stereotype , and for being a strong , out bisexual woman in a world that wants her to pick a team . ` It 's a big week for this birthday girl , and I 'm so grateful to call her my family . ' Heady romance : The 21 Jump Street star split with longtime partner Vanessa Paradis , with whom he has two children , after falling for Amber on the set of their film The Rum Diary in 2012 . They 're seen here in May 2014 .