A mother says she has been left ` devastated ' after her daughter failed to get a place at the same primary school her three brothers attend . Joanne Whitehouse , 44 , had applied for her four-year-old daughter Alice to go to St John Fisher 's RC Primary School in Middleton near Rochdale as her only preference . Her sons Joel , nine , Harri , seven , and Ollie , six , already attend the school and she believed there would be ` no issue ' with her daughter gaining a place . Joanne Whitehouse -LRB- centre -RRB- was left ` devastated ' after finding out her daughter Alice -LRB- right -RRB- and granddaughter Olivia -LRB- left -RRB- wo n't be able to go to the same school as her three sons . Alice pictured with her brothers , Joel , nine , -LRB- second left -RRB- Harri , seven , -LRB- right -RRB- and Ollie , six -LRB- far left -RRB- . But when the school allocations were revealed this morning she found out her youngest would have to go to a different school , which is a 20 minute walk from her other children 's . Ms Whitehouse 's granddaughter Olivia , who is also four , also missed out on a place at the school and will have to attend Middleton Parish C of E Primary School with Alice . The mother-of-eight , from Middleton , Greater Manchester , was told there were 82 applications for just 30 places at the school this year . She is planning to appeal Rochdale Council 's decision and says : ` I ca n't split myself in half and be at both schools at the same time . ` Alice 's brothers go to the school . So it just makes sense for Alice and Oliva to go there as well . I just do n't know what I 'm going to do . ' Ms Whitehouse added she is concerned there will be a delay in arranging a care plan for Alice , who has Type 1 diabetes and needs four daily insulin injections , while she awaits the appeal outcome . One in ten children across Greater Manchester missed out on their first choice of school when the allocations were announced this morning . Alice 's brothers all attend St John Fisher 's RC Primary School in Middleton -LRB- pictured -RRB- where she was expecting to attend . Ms Whitehouse found out today that her daughter will attend Middleton Parish CofE Primary School instead . Rochdale Council , which had 2,851 applications this year compared with 2,749 in 2014 , said 88.9 per cent of children in the borough were offered their first school preference . It said 110 children - 3.8 per cent - were not offered any of their first three preferences , compared with 1.8 per cent last year . A council spokesman said : ` Places at St John Fisher are allocated in strict accordance with the published admission criteria for the school . There were a total of 82 preferences for 30 places . ` The school 's governing body ranked all 82 applications according to the published criteria , but the children concerned did not fall into the highest priorities , and so were not offered a place . ` Only one preference was listed on the application form , and so because that preference could not be met , a place was offered at the school nearest to the home address with places . ` The parents have the right of appeal to an independent appeal panel . '