A Texas highway was thrown into chaos on Friday when the door of Brinks Armored Truck flew open , causing money to spill onto the road . Drivers pulled over on Interstate 20 in Albilene , Texas , got out of their cars and walked toward oncoming traffic to pick up the cash . A video posted on Facebook shows motorists frantically grabbing the notes in between stopped vehicles , while others were forced to slow down and veer out of the way . Scroll down for video . Chaos : A video posted on Facebook captured motorists pulling over and getting out of their cars on Interstate 20 in Albilebe , Texas , to pick up cash that had spilled from a Brinks Armored Truck . The passenger door of the truck somehow opened as it was moving causing a plastic bag with a ` substantial amount of money ' to be blown out . Police have warned that if anyone is caught with cash that was inside the truck - they could land themselves behind bars . Weatherford Police Department said all of the lost money had been picked up by citizens . Some of it had been returned , but other drivers had decided to ignore the threats and have pocketed the cash . A spokesman for the department said : ` Weatherford Police Department would like to remind everyone that the loose money is property of Brinks Armored Car Service . ` Weatherford Police will investigate and potentially prosecute any individual that has picked up any of the loose money and not returned it to either Brinks or the Police Department . ' Joel Aldridge , who recorded the video , told NBC DFW : ` I saw people all over the ground picking things up , and I thought maybe it was wreckage . ` And as they started walking toward me the first guy I saw had a big wad of cash with money sticking out . ' Traffic : Cars were forced to veer past the vehicles stopped on the side of the road . Police have also warned anyone caught with the money from the van will be prosecuted . He described how dozens of people vacated their cars and left their doors ajar as they dashed for the cash . ` Everybody else was picking up handfuls and running around , kinda like an Easter egg hunt , ' he added . ' Jose Rosas , who was searching at the scene , told WFAA : ` We 're just trying to make a dollar or two . ` I 'm probably going to come back tomorrow and look , ' Rosas said . ` I know there 's a lot of money out here . ' His friend Gage Anderson said they had scoured the road but most of the money had already been picked up .