The CEO of the Italian eyewear company that makes Ray-Bans said that his company is working with Google on two new versions of its Google Glass project . Massimo Vian , one of the heads of Milan-based Luxottica , said that his team was looking to improve on the Internet-connected device , which was trumpeted as a huge technological leap forward when it was announced in 2012 . However , Google stopped selling the first version and shut its pre-launch Explorer program for Google Glass earlier this year , prompting speculation about the demise of the wearable gadget before it became widely available . Massimo Vian , one of the heads of Milan-based Luxottica , said that his team was working on two new versions of Google Glass , one of which was ` in preparation ' Google executive chairman Eric Schmidt later appointed a new leader for the product and said that it would be ` ready for users ' , according to the Wall Street Journal . ` There 's nothing about adjusting Glass that suggests we 're ending it , ' he said . Vian told Luxottica shareholders that his company is ` now working on Google Glass version 2 which is in preparation ' . He did not give any details about a proposed launch date for the second version . The executive has recently been to California to meet with Google 's team . New versions of Google Glass , which was unveiled three years ago as a prototype available for $ 1,500 , are thought to aim at a lower cost , longer battery life and improved sound quality . It officially offered the product to the public in 2014 , though sales were low . Vian -LRB- pictured -RRB- told shareholders of his company , which makes Ray Bans , that there were ` some second thoughts ' about what version three of Google Glass would be . Part of the perceived failure of the first version of the product was the mockery it generated towards ` glassholes ' who wore the odd-looking gadgets . ` There are some second thoughts on how to interpret version 3 ' of Google Glass , Vian said , according to NDTV . Details about what the new versions will look like have not yet been released . Processor company Intel is expected to create the chip in the device .