With Britons downing a caffeine-shake-inducing average of 70 million cups of coffee per day , Pret has revealed a secret that the nation may want take note of - how to get a free cup . Clive Schlee , chief executive of the coffee giant , revealed he has given his staff the power to hand out a coffee on the house to people they like or fancy . ` The staff have to give away a certain number of hot drinks and food every week , ' Mr Schlee said . Scroll down for video . FEMAIL writer Deni Kirkova travelled to four different Pret A Manger shops in London to find out what it takes to get a free coffee from staff . Here she is after failing to secure a freebie at their Gloucester Road store . ` They will decide `` I like the person on the bicycle '' or `` I like the guy in that tie '' or `` I fancy that girl or that boy . '' So , do the staff at Pret ever take advantage of their enabled good will ? And what does it take to secure a free morning caffeine hit ? FEMAIL decided to find out . Deni Kirkova , 24 , paid a visit to six different Prets across London . On three of the visits , she wore no make-up , her glasses and a casual outfit consisting of jeans and a plain top . Before paying a visit to the next three coffee shops , she amped up the glamour by removing her glasses , applying a full face of make-up and donning a little red dress with a fair share of cleavage and leg on show . Deni then returned to High Street Kensington to find out whether she could bag a free coffee in her glam getup - and went into the South Kensington branch twice to find out if the result would differ depending on whether it was a man or woman serving . Here 's how Deni - who did n't tell the staff she was a journalist until after she had been handed her drink - got on ... Deni , dressed ` plainly ' , fails to get a free coffee at Pret in High Street Kensington -LRB- l -RRB- and Notting Hill Gate . Deni paid a visit to Pret 's High Street Kensington , Notting Hill Gate and Queensway outlets , where she tried three different approaches : nonchalant , sad and friendly . Dressed in her casual attire , she popped into High Street Kensington 's Pret just as she normally would : making little effort but still being polite . She left with a coffee - and a dent in her purse . At Notting Hill Gate 's shop , she decided to put her acting skills to good use . She said : ` It was a fellow female who served me , she was really glamorous herself and I just figured that flirting was out of the question here . ` So , I went for the `` sad '' approach . I told her how bad my day had been and asked her how she was but while she smiled a lot , she still charged me . Feeling annoyed , I paid and left . ' At the Queensway shop , Deni was feeling lucky . Makeup-free Deni Kirkova gets a free hot chocolate from friendly barista , Dean , at Pret A Manger , Queensway . She said : ` As soon as I walked in , I had a feeling I would get a free coffee . I just felt more confident and the barista guy looked cool . It was n't busy so I thought it could work . ` I smiled but did n't try hard and asked how he was . It worked as he called me sweetie ! ` I asked for a small hot chocolate and did n't get my purse out . He handed it to me and said `` Happy St George 's Day ; do n't worry about it '' . ' Deni then revealed that she was a journalist on a mission and asked him to divulge the reason why he gave her a free coffee - and how other people can get one , too . Deni fails to get a free coffee at Pret A Manger , Gloucester Road . Deni returns to South Kensington and manages to bag a free cookie . ` The main reason I give out free things - and I have no quota and give out around 300 a month - is when someone is nice , ' he explained . ` I am not impressed by the ladies who come in and flirt , batting their eyelids and twirling their hair , nor those who are grumpy and take it out on the staff . ' Deni then swapped her casual clothes for her ` glamorous ' look and headed to Gloucester Road , where she had to pay for a hot chocolate from a female barista . The same thing happened at South Kensington on her first visit . She decided to try her luck again , this time making sure she got served by a male barista , who gave her a free cookie because of her ` beautiful smile ' . Deni asks Xaxa to recommend a cake - and in the end she decides on a cookie . Deni with Xaxa , who gave her a free cookie at Pret A Manger , South Kensington . She managed to wangle a free mocha in Victoria station 's Pret from a chap named Nacer , who wanted to ` make her day ' . Finally , to round off the day , she went back to High Street Kensington to try get a freebie dressed a bit more glamorous - but was made to pay for her espresso . The verdict ? Deni said : ` The glam outfit got me more freebies but I do n't think it 's all about that . ` As Dean said , he 's not interested in giving out freebies to girls who come in batting their eyelashes and twirling their hair nor those who come in in a bad mood and take it out on him . ` So do n't try to flirt a freebie off a barista or try to make them feel sorry for you - it 's all about radiating happiness , a wide smile , and spreading the joy . ` Although as the experiment shows - a little red dress wo n't hurt ... ! ' Deni Kirkova gets a free mocha from barista Nacer at Pret A Manger , Victoria . Deni tries Pret A Manger , High Street Kensington , once more - this time in the red dress - and still nothing . In response to FEMAIL 's undercover work , a spokesperson for Pret said : ` The giveaways are something we 've been doing for a number of years , and have never been a secret . ` We often get feedback from customers about how our shop teams have really brightened up their day , just through one small gesture of giving them a treat on the house . ` There are n't any rules , it 's about random acts of kindness . Team members tell us they often give away treats to their regulars and customers they think are in need of cheering up . It 's our way of empowering our team members and giving something back to our loyal customers , and we get great feedback from both . ' On Tuesday Pret 's chief executive revealed that employees are able to give freebies to customers they like .