Manchester United midfielder Marouane Fellaini has been terrorising opposition defences of late , but goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois has revealed Chelsea have a plan to deal with him . United travel to Stamford Bridge on Saturday afternoon hoping to put a spanner in the works of Chelsea 's Barclays Premier League title charge , with Fellaini the danger man in midfield . But his countryman Courtois says the Blues have been working on a way to combat the unorthodox midfielder after he starred in recent wins over Tottenham , Liverpool and Manchester City . Marouane Fellaini -LRB- pictured -RRB- has been in brilliant form for Manchester United in recent weeks . The 27-year-old controls the ball with his chest during United 's 4-2 victory against Manchester City . ` Manchester United have a lot of other good players to decide a match , so we are not completely focused on Fellaini , ' Courtois said . ` But we know that when he comes into the box , he is very dangerous . ` I will probably have to come out to collect crosses into the box . Of course , we know about him and hope to keep him out . ` Of course , -LRB- the exact way we deal with him -RRB- has to be kept private . I can not say exactly how we will do it , but of course we know to keep an eye on Marouane . ' Fellaini has emerged as one of the Premier League 's most effective performers recently , flourishing under Louis van Gaal 's management after being cast as a joke figure under David Moyes last season . Chelsea goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois believes his side will be able to combat Fellaini 's style of play . Courtois in action during Chelsea 's 1-0 Premier League victory against Queens Park Rangers last weekend . Courtois has played alongside the big-haired 27-year-old for Belgium , with whom he has also become a key figure , scoring in their last two European Championship qualifiers . ` You have to use Marouane 's qualities , ' Courtois told Sporting Telenet . ` If you do not play him in the right position , he might not play as well and could come across as a bad footballer . Courtois celebrates Chelsea 's last minute victory with Cesc Fabregas and John Terry . ` But if he is used the right way , I think he has more technical ability than people think . Beyond that , he is obviously very strong and dangerous with his head . He 's a real box-to-box player , he can be in defence and five seconds later upfront and scoring . You have to be very attentive . ' Despite Fellaini 's abilities , Courtois is confident of winning the Premier League title and feels Eden Hazard will double it up with the PFA Player of the Year award , even if he admits that teams have found out a way to stop Chelsea . ` I think at the start of the season , teams did not really know how to play against us , ' he said . ` Now they know and they try to stop the way we play as much as possible . ` Eden has been decisive for us and if we are champions , a lot of credit goes to him , ' he added . ` In that area , he still has an edge over his competitors . ' Eden Hazard -LRB- left -RRB- has propelled Chelsea to the top of the Premier League with his brilliant displays . Courtois believes his comaptriot Hazard will be collecting the PFA Player of the Year award .