Tom Hanks ' wife Rita Wilson has revealed she was recently diagnosed with breast cancer and has undergone a double mastectomy and reconstructive surgery . The 58-year-old actress , who took a leave of absence from Broadway play ` Fish in the Dark ' earlier this month , shared the news through a statement published by People magazine on Tuesday . She explained that her first test for cancer came back negative but that she was correctly diagnosed after seeking a second opinion and underwent the procedure last week . ` Last week , with my husband by my side , and with the love and support of family and friends , I underwent a bilateral mastectomy and reconstruction for breast cancer after a diagnosis of invasive lobular carcinoma , ' she said in the statement . Scroll down for video . By her side : Rita Wilson , who is married to Tom Hanks -LRB- pictured together in February -RRB- , announced on Tuesday that she was recently diagnosed with cancer and has undergone a double mastectomy . ` I am recovering and most importantly , expected to make a full recovery . Why ? Because I caught this early , have excellent doctors and because I got a second opinion . ' Before the diagnosis , Wilson said she had ` vigilantly monitored ' her health with mammograms and MRIs because she knew she had an underlying condition of LCIS , -LRB- lobular carcinoma in situ -RRB- ' . The mother-of-two explained that she recently underwent a breast biopsy , but no sign of cancer was discovered until she sought the opinion of a second doctor on the advice of a friend . The doctor discovered the cancer and she then sought out the opinion of another pathologist , who confirmed the diagnosis , she said . Rita , who married Oscar-winner Tom in 1988 , went on to implore others to seek a second opinion before thanking her loved ones for their support . ` I share this to educate others that a second opinion is critical to your health , ' she said . ` You have nothing to lose if both opinions match up for the good , and everything to gain if something that was missed is found , which does happen . Early diagnosis is key . ' On Facebook on Tuesday , she encouraged other women to seek a ` necessary and vital ' second opinion if they found themselves in similar situations . ` Not just by another doctor but by another pathologist , ' she added . ` I 'm doing well and getting stronger every day . ' Advice : She shared the news on Facebook and linked to a statement printed by People magazine . Her cancer was not found in the first round of tests so she encourgaed others to seek a second opinion , like she did . Treatment : Wilson , pictured last year , said she underwent two breast biopsies before she was diagnosed . Following her announcement , famous friends passed on their best wishes to the actress . ` Sending the wonderful Rita Wilson my love and best wishes for a speedy recovery and good health , ' Katie Couric wrote on Twitter on Tuesday morning . Christiana Amanpour added : ` Wishing my good friend @RitaWilson the best as she makes this important announcement , which will help millions of women and their families . ' ` Sending all my love to the brave and beautiful @RitaWilson , ' Josh Groban tweeted . Wilson released the statement on Tuesday after it was announced earlier this month that she had temporarily left the Broadway play , written by and starring Larry David . At the time , a spokesperson said Wilson was expected to return to the stage on May 5 . While on medical leave , she has been replaced by Glenne Headly . Support : Celebrity friends flocked to Twitter to pass their best wishes to the actress after her announcement . Thankful : CNN host Christiane Amanpour noted how Wilson 's statement will help future families . Admiration : Singer Josh Groban also sent his best wishes to the actress on Twitter on Tuesday . By her side : Actress Christina Applegate also sent her love to Wilson . Wilson is also known as the mother of Marnie , played by Allison Williams , in HBO 's ` Girls ' . She has two sons with Hanks , Chester Marlon , 24 , and Truman Theodore , 19 , as well as two stepchildren from Hanks ' previous marriage - actor Colin Hanks , 37 , and writer Elizabeth , 32 - to whom Wilson is close . Hanks and their mother , Samantha Lewes , had met in college but divorced in 1987 , the year before he married Wilson . Lewes passed away in 2002 , when she was just 49 , after battling bone cancer . Wilson 's message to other women to get screened comes just days after Taylor Swift revealed her mother , Andrea , had been diagnosed with cancer . She also urged her fans to remind their parents to get checked . Family : Wilson is pictured with Hanks and one of their sons , Chester , in December 2011 . The couple has two sons together and Hanks is also father to a daughter and son from his first marriage . Invasive lobular carcinoma is a type of breast cancer that starts in the milk-producing glands of the breast and spreads in a web-like manner . Due to this , it does not typically form a lump , as is expected with breast cancer , and instead causes a thickening of the tissue , making one part of the breast feel fuller than other areas . Other symptoms including a change in the texture of appearance of the skin on the breast , such as dimpling , or an inverted nipple . Women with this type of breast cancer are usually a few years older than women diagnosed with other types , and it is more likely to occur in both breasts compared with other types . The cancer is invasive , which means it has the potential to spread to other parts of the body . It can be found through screening tests including physical exams or mammograms . Mammograms are encouraged yearly when a woman turns 40s or earlier if they have a family history of breast cancer . Treatment includes removing part or all of the breast followed by chemotherapy or radiation . According to the American Cancer Society , more than 180,000 women in the U.S. are diagnosed with invasive breast cancer each year , and about one in ten cases are invasive lobular carcinomas . The earlier the diagnosis , the better the prognosis . Patients have a slightly better outlook for both short - and long-term survival compared to other types of breast cancer . According to a study by Breast Cancer Research , the five-year survival rate is 85 per cent .