A youngster has emulated Barcelona star Martin Montoya and scored an audacious 27-yard goal into a basketball hoop - twice . Schoolboy Frankie Franz watched the Spanish right-back pull off the staggering trick shot in a video recorded at Barcelona 's Ciutat Esportiva training ground earlier in the month . The viral clip shows the 23-year-old defender lifting the ball into the net to the sound of gasps from his team mates at the Catalonia club . Joking that he could do the same with his mum and grandmother , nine-year-old Frankie , who is an academy player with Dagenham and Redbridge Football Club , took to the garden to have a go . He moved the basketball hoop into the middle of the goal and after a little run up sent the ball straight through the net first time . In the video he can be seen turning to face the camera looking absolutely gob-smacked as he places his hands behind his head . A slow motion look at the clip captures the trajectory of the ball , which bounces off the backboard and goes through the hoop below . His mother Lucy , 32 , of Upminster , east London , said : ` He loves football and after he saw the Barcelona player do the show he said ` I 'll be able to do that ' . Frankie decided to have a go at the trick shot after watching Barcelona star Martin Montoya pull it off in a video recorded at the club 's Ciutat Esportiva training ground . The nine-year-old kicks the ball and sends it straight through the net on the first time of trying just like Spanish right-back Montoya . The gob-smacked youngsters places his hands behind his head after scoring while Montoya -LRB- right -RRB- wheels away in celebration . ` Me and my mum just said ` really ? ' and he went to get the net , pulled it over and bang - it went in first time . ` Me and mum were like ` oh my god ' we could n't believe it . ` He is very good at football , but that was just amazing . It was very special . ' According to Lucy , although not captured on camera , the youngster had another go immediately after and netted again . `` I think he 's got it down now , '' said Lucy , who helps run a building firm with husband Matt , 34 . `` He is very confident but you can tell by the look on his face I think he was surprised too . '' The talented young centre midfielder has played football since he could walk and dreams of one day turning out for Real Madrid or Barcelona . The young centre midfielder is an academy player with Dagenham and Redbridge Football Club and dreams of one day turning out for Real Madrid or Barcelona .