Like many women , I 've long dreamed of a bigger bust . As a modest 34B I 've experimented with every push-up , plunge and balcony bra there is , so I 'm intrigued to learn of a new £ 150 bra that claims to take you from a B-cup to a DD in an instant . The Scandfit Try Size -- dubbed ` the boob-job bra ' -- was developed to help women about to go under the knife decide what size implants to have . Not surprisingly , it has gained a following among women like me who would never have surgery but love the idea of trying out a dream decolletage for a day . Scroll down for video . At a size 34B , Annabel Cole -LRB- pictured without the bra -RRB- has long dreamed of having a bigger bust but would never have surgery , so she decided to put ` the boob-job bra ' through its paces . I decided to put the design through its paces in three variations -- a C cup , D cup and whopping DD ! Starting with the smallest first , this is what I found ... FROM B-CUP TO C-CUP , BUT IT 'S TOO SAGGY . Cleavage you can change like your clothes ? Yes , please ! I 'm terribly excited by the idea of the Try Size -- even more so when it arrives packaged in a white leather box . Soft , black and lace-trimmed , it comes with four pairs of inserts labelled one to four , according to their size . The inserts are measured in cubic centimetres , like surgical implants . The lightest , size one , weighs in at 50cc , followed by size two at 100cc , size three at 200cc and size four at 300cc . One added cup size is roughly equivalent to 200cc , and the idea is that the inserts can be layered in various combinations to create different sizes of cleavage . The Scandfit Try Size -LRB- pictured -RRB- has been dubbed ` the boob-job bra ' and comes with four pairs of inserts which can be layered to create different sizes of cleavage . While the Try Size is pretty , it is also hefty . Out of curiosity I plonk it on my kitchen scales : the whole package weighs well over a kilo . I had assumed that the inserts would be silicone , but these are filled with rice and resemble silky bean bags . Apparently , rice is about the same weight by volume as surgical implants and can be moulded more realistically to your breast shape . Each bra cup has an internal pocket to hold the inserts . Annabel is seen here wearing the size three 200cc insert which takes her modest B cup to a C cup , she says she was sorely disappointed with the results of the rice filled insert on this occasion . I start cautiously with the size three 200cc insert , taking my modest B cup to a comelier C . The inserts prove easy to put in but the first hurdle comes with doing up the bra . Unlike those I usually wear , this has four rows of hooks -- presumably to cope with the maximum potential weight -- and it takes me a few extra minutes to get them fully done up . Once the bra is on , I feel let down . I 'd been expecting some kind of ` Hello Boys ' perky bosom but I 'm sorely disappointed . What I get is more like a real-life middle-aged C cup -- ever so slightly droopy and a little lopsided . But I persist and push around the rice , patting and smoothing until it creates a soft , rounded shape . I decide to try out my new look on my harshest critics -- my children . I throw on a tight T-shirt and wander into the kitchen . As I load the dishwasher , 12-year-old Rosa peers at me and pipes up : ` Your boobs look weird . What have you done ? ' I come clean and explain . It does n't go well . Elsa , 15 , snorts : ` That 's pathetic ! ' I try to explain that the bra simulates ` real cleavage ' and that I am going to be trying out various looks . ` Do n't bother , ' she snaps . ` It makes you look fat . ' Ouch ! CONFIDENT AND SEXY WITH D-CUP . I decide to try my next look on a different audience . Reasoning that my closest friend Nancy is bound to be more supportive , I stuff my bra with the size three and size two inserts -- 300cc in total -- to give me a much-increased D cup . We 've booked for lunch at a restaurant , but the problems start before I leave the house . What should I wear ? I try on a succession of tunic tops and soft blouses . With a B-cup they look pretty and feminine , but now they are too short and the fabric hangs down from the shelf created by my new boobs . To my horror , I look decidedly fat . Annabel is seen here wearing the inserts that increase her bust size to 34D , although initially self-conscious of her significant cleavage , she was startled by how natural it made her boobs look . I resort to a clinging V-neck dress -- a once-worn look-at-me frock bought for a wedding . It 's not what I 'd normally wear , but I 'm not dressing for myself now ; I am dressing for my cleavage -- and it 's certainly eye-catching . Nancy is terribly complimentary and I feel rather bouyed up , but as we sit down I feel the disapproving gaze of a couple of mums I recognise , who are lunching near by . Do I look desperate ? At 43 , am I too old to show off my cleavage ? I feel self-conscious , but I press on . My husband and I have tickets to a West End show in the evening , so to ensure maximum impact I invest in an expensive low-cut dress on the basis that if I have ` it ' -LRB- even temporarily -RRB- I might as well flaunt it . I am startled to see a new me in the mirror . The boobs look natural , not the typical half-moon shape that screams ` boob job ' , and I feel confident and sexier than usual . It works . My husband , not usually known for his ability to notice a new haircut , outfit or even one of his own children at a distance , cottons on instantly and compliments me in his own special way . ` You have a figure at last ! Does it go bigger ? ' GETTING BACKACHE WITH DOUBLE Ds . Next , I try out the boob-job bra at the supermarket -- and for this one , I decide to go all-in . With some trepidation I insert size four , size three and size two -- 600cc in total . Instantly , I am three cup sizes bigger than I 've ever been . My posture changes at once : I am pulled forward by the extra weight , leaving me hunched over and exposing a vast swathe of cleavage to my fellow shoppers . Pushing the trolley is even harder work than usual , and I now understand why women with large breasts complain of backache . My bust is enormous and looks wildly out of proportion with my 5ft 4in , size 8 frame . Even walking at a stately pace , my chest jiggles alarmingly . I bend down to pick a box of cereal off the bottom shelf and worry that I 'm about to suffer a wardrobe malfunction . Finally , Annabel tested out the 600cc inserts that increased her bust size to a 34E cup . Annabel says she felt her bust became wildly out of proportion to her body as she is only 5ft 4in and a size 8 . I ca n't ever imagine running for a bus with a bust like this . Things are no easier at home . I crouch down to sweep the floor and my chest hits my knees ; I sit down for a snack and my bust slams on the table before the plate . And sleeping ? As I lie down , my boobs separate and sag to the sides alarmingly . I toss and turn but ca n't get comfortable . I usually sleep on my side , but then my chest feels squashed . It 's even worse on my front . I try to snuggle up to my husband but once again my DDs are in the way , though to judge by his reaction he does n't mind too much . Finally , I remove two of the inserts and drop off flat on my back . The next day , I slip back into my normal 34B bra with great relief . While I 'll be bringing out the D cup on a special occasion -- my husband 's birthday , for example -- the stop-the-traffic cleavage is far too much for me .