An ultra luxury penthouse standing 319 metres off the ground in the tallest apartment block in the southern hemisphere has been bought off the plan by a Chinese businessman for a record price of $ 25 million . The Melbourne apartment , which is spread across the entire 100th floor of super skyscraper Australia 108 and boast 360 degrees over the city , is the most expensive single apartment sold in the country , Domain reports . The businessman who splashed out on the 750 square metre apartment on Southbank promenade plans to live in the luxury pad when it is completed . It is tipped to have at least four bedrooms with huge walk in robes and ensuites . Scroll down for video . A Melbourne penthouse apartment in the Australia 108 complex that boasts 360 degree views of the city has been sold for $ 25 million to a Chinese businessman . The Melbourne apartment , which is spread across the entire 100th floor of skyscraper Australia 108 , is the most expensive single apartment sold in the country . The new owner , whose identity was not disclosed , will have 360 degree views over Melbourne 's CBD , their own private grand foyer and glass elevator . The penthouse apartment was sold two months after being advertised as double the size of the average Australian home and boasting views that could never be built out . Construction has started on the building , which was designed by Fender Katsalidis Architects , and is due to be completed by 2019 . Australia 108 will contain 1,105 luxury apartments , as well as retail tenancies , a multi-level carpark and communal facilities for residents including pools , gym , sauna , steam room and private theatre . More than 1,000 apartments have sold off the plan since Australia 108 went on the market in February . The 750 square metre apartment on Southbank promenade will have 360 degree views over Melbourne 's CBD , a private grand foyer and glass elevator . The apartment block has three infinity pools set against floor-to-ceiling glass to give swimmers a view of either the glittering city skyline or shimmering bay . Australia 108 will contain 1,105 luxury apartments , as well as retail tenancies , a multi-level carpark and communal facilities for residents including a pool , gym , sauna , steam room and private theatre . Australia 108 will contain 1,105 luxury apartments , as well as retail tenancies , a multi-level carpark and communal facilities for residents including pools , gym , sauna , steam room and private theatre . CBRE managing director of residential projects Andrew Leoncelli told Domain there was high interest in the penthouse apartment and three local buyers had expressed interest . ` The extraordinary sale of the Australia 108 penthouse sets a new benchmark for pricing , breaking all records ever set in Australia . It is by far the most opulent , landmark and exciting trophy apartment ever brought to market , ' he said . There are two types of apartments for sale at the super skyscraper complex , including 161 of the Cloud Residences . These sit above the gold ` starburst ' at levels 70 and 71 , which house luxury services accessible to residents . Beneath the ` starburst ' are 944 Skyrise Residences . The apartment block has three infinity pools set against floor-to-ceiling glass to give swimmers a view of either the glittering city skyline or shimmering bay . ` There will be not a more spectacular place to take a dip than in Australia 108 , ' CBRE residential projects managing director Andrew Leoncelli said . ` Not for the faint of heart , these pools offer breathtaking views 210 metres above ground . ' At 319 metres high , Australia 108 will be the highest residential tower in the southern hemisphere - it beats the neighbouring Eureka tower by 22 metres . While the Q1 Gold Coast building beats Australia 108 because of a spire that reaches 323 metres , the Melbourne building will have the tallest roof line . Australia 108 will have three pools and a gym , sauna and steam room located in this area of the building known as the ` starburst ' Construction has started on the building , which was designed by Fender Katsalidis Architects , and is due to be completed by 2019 . At 319 metres high , Australia 108 will be the highest residential tower in the southern hemisphere - it beats the neighbouring Eureka tower by 22 metres . CBRE managing director of residential projects Andrew Leoncelli told Domain there was high interest in the penthouse apartment and three local buyers had expressed interest . While the Q1 Gold Coast building beats Australia 108 because of a spire that reaches 323 metres , the Melbourne building will have the tallest roof line .