Some teachers draw pictures on the whiteboard to explain new concepts to students . But one chemistry lecturer draws on her own skin , due to an unusual medical condition . Dr Zoe Waller , 31 , who teaches pharmacy at the University of East Anglia , suffers from the skin condition dermatographia . This is a type of urticaria , or hives - where a raised , itchy rash appears on the skin at the slightest pressure . It is thought to be caused when the cells under the surface of the skin release histamines as part of an allergic reaction , causing the skin to swell . Dr Zoe Waller , 31 , is a university lecturer and uses her own skin to teach her students about new drugs and molecules , as she suffers from the skin condition dermatographia . Whenever Dr Waller draws on the skin , her condition means raised red weals appear and she can create designs . She uploads them to social media and they are making waves across the university . However instead of hiding away her condition , Dr Waller is using it as a teaching aid . Her students are required to learn 100 drugs for their course and each day , she will draw a new one on her skin . Word of the unusual teaching method has spread across the university as well as social media where Dr Waller uploads her quirky designs . She said : ` I was only diagnosed with this two years ago and it 's a pretty cool condition to have . ` Some people look at my arm and think I 've been self-harming but it does n't hurt at all . ` I use a blunt pencil or cocktail stick to create the detail needed for the composition of the drugs . ' Dermographism or ` skin writing ' is a type of urticaria , or hives - where a raised , itchy rash appears on the skin . Dermatographia is thought to be caused when the cells under the surface of the skin release histamines under the slightest pressure . Histamines are chemicals released in the body as part of an allergic reaction , causing the skin to swell . In this type of urticaria , itchy weals occur after friction such as rubbing or stroking the skin . This itching may be aggravated by heat . Weals and red marks also often appear as lines at the sites of scratching , and generally last for less than one hour . ' Antihistamines block the effect of histamine , and reduce itching and the rash in most people , but may not relieve urticaria completely . If urticaria occurs frequently , it is best to take antihistamines regularly every day . The lecturer discovered her unusual skin condition after she started working at the University 's school of pharmacy . She noticed her skin was itchy and irritated but the doctor could n't remember the name of the condition he thought she had and sent her away with anti-histamines . She said : ` I was left confused after visiting the doctor . Then my friend in America sent me a link to Ariana Russell 's work and I knew then that was what I had . ' Ariana Russell is an artist in the USA who uses her own body and dermatographia to create artwork . Inspired by Ariana , Dr Waller set to work on her own project - creating science molecules and compounds for her students using her skin . Her students and fellow professors often ask her for requests which she happily draws on her skin . Dr Waller said : ` My skin might not be like this forever but it 's a fun and unusual way of teaching my students and it grabs their attention a lot more than a text book would . ' Dr Tabi Leslie , from the British Association of Dermatologists , explained that dermographism or ` skin writing ' is a type of urticaria . She said : ` Raised red weals , which are caused by the release of histamine from cells in the skin called mast cells , appear at sights of friction , such as rubbing or stroking of the skin . ` This itching may also be aggravated by heat . ` Weals and red marks often appear as lines at the sites of scratching , and generally last for less than one hour . ` Antihistamines are used to reduce the itch and the rash , and are effective in most patients . People across the university have began to make requests for designs they want Dr Waller to draw on herself . ` However , antihistamines may not relieve the symptoms completely in all cases . ` In such cases , other treatments may need to be used in addition , or higher dosages of antihistamines may be prescribed than licensed recommendations suggest . ` Sufferers of dermographism may need to take antihistamines on a daily basis , as long as the symptoms persists . Usually , the non-sedating antihistamines are preferred as they have fewer side effects . ` Treatment needs to continue until the condition settles by itself which may take years . ` Your doctor will advise you on the best regime depending on the severity of your symptoms . ' For more information of uticara , visit Allergy UK .