A newly-released video has highlighted the shocking - and arguably discriminatory - price differences between near-identical products and everyday services offered to women and men , . The clip , which was created by HLN 's The Daily Share , illustrates the prevalence of this ` women 's tax ' to shocking affect by directly comparinga variety of different products and services aimed at men and women and then revealing the price differences . Even more disappointing is that this practice of ` invisible tax ' is not only found almost everywhere , but it is entirely legal in almost every state in the US - even when the products or services are exactly the same for both genders . Scroll down for video . That price could use a shave : The Daily Share found that the differences between these razors of the same brand differed by more than a dollar between the men 's and women 's versions . Compounded with the fact that women make , on average , 78 cents on the dollar to men , the facts prove than gender bias is more than just offensive , it 's also very expensive . For example , a Schick 's Hydro 5 men 's razor was picked up for $ 8.56 , but the women 's version - the Schick Hydro Silk - was , for some reason , given more than a one dollar mark-up , and was priced at $ 9.97 . An even greater disparity was found in the perfume aisle , where Narciso Rodriguez Eau de Toilettes For Him and For Her respectively cost $ 87 and $ 106.60 . Meanwhile , a pair of Neutrogena anti-aging creams with the exact same ingredients were also found to inexplicably cost women $ 1.07 more per ounce - despite the skincare brand admitting that the two products were essentially the exact same product encased in different packaging . One of the few equal prices found by the video 's creators was , of course , on a unisex American Apparel shirt . But when a man and a woman each dropped off the exact same shirt to get dry-cleaned , the woman was charged an extra 75 cents - and the tag even labelled the laundered item as a ` Lady Shirt ' . Something smells fishy : There is almost a ful 20 dollar difference between the his and hers versions of this brand of cologne . Seriously ? The presenters claim that the exact same shirt dropped off at a dry cleaners cost more to clean when a woman brought it in . The two presenters do point out that conditions are getting slightly better ; medical insurance used to cost women in America $ 1 billion more each year before ObamaCare outlawed the practice of gender-biased pricing discrimination . However , in terms of everyday gender-taxing across the country , a 1995 report found that ` gender tax ' cost women approximately $ 1,351 annually - a number which does n't show any signs of decreasing any time soon . And while the shocking statistics in the caused California to put a state-wide ban on the practice in 1996 , with New York City also opting to impose a similar ban on gender pricing , the rest of the US continues to allow the practice . Even something as basic as long-term care insurance costs women 13 per cent more , a hike they apparently base on the fact that women have longer life-spans - in the same way that they raise rates on smokers . ` But people choose to smoke , ' says the female presenter . ` I did n't choose to be a woman . '