A woman who suffered stomach cramps and bleeding for two years was horrified to be told it was due to a tumour the size of a golf ball in her cervix . Kerry Hamilton was finally diagnosed with leiomyosarcoma , a rare cancer of the soft tissue normally found in women over 50 . At just 34 , she was forced to undergo a hysterectomy and was devastated at the thought of not being able to have children . She now wants to raise awareness about rare cancers like leiomyosarcoma , so that other women with seemingly ` everyday ' symptoms like cramps visit their GP . Kerry Hamilton , 34 , had stomach cramps , bleeding and irregular periods for two years . Doctors finally discovered she had a tumour the size of a golf ball growing in her cervix . Ms Hamilton , an education consultant , began experiencing odd symptoms in 2009 , when she flew to South Africa to volunteer at a lion research centre for a month -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Since her time in South Africa -LRB- pictured -RRB- she had experienced spotting in between her periods , longer periods than normal and stomach cramps . Ms Hamilton , from Birmingham , said : ` I 'm on a bid to raise awareness about rare cancers and the symptoms that people might ignore - without realising that it is important to listen to their body . ` The kind of cancer I had - despite it being in my cervix - would not have showed up on a smear test . ` So it 's important to visit your GP if you 're concerned about anything , as well as always going for routine tests . ' Ms Hamilton , an education consultant , began experiencing odd symptoms in 2009 , when she flew to South Africa to volunteer at a lion research centre for a month . A week before she was due to fly home she fell violently ill with stomach cramps . She spent seven days in hospital where a local doctor told her that she was suffering with a cyst on her ovaries that had burst . Leiomyosarcomas are cancers that develop in a type of muscle tissue called smooth muscle . These muscles are found in the walls of muscular organs like the heart and the stomach . They are rare and usually only affect people over the age of 50 , but they can start anywhere in the body . They most commonly start in the walls of the womb , the limbs and the digestive system . People with early leiomyosarcoma often have no symptoms . Possible symptoms to develop as the cancer advances include a lump or swelling , abdominal bloating , swelling or pain and a change in menstruation . Source : Macmillan Cancer Support . Over the next two years she returned to the park to work as a guide and a ranger and later returned to the UK where she started working as an educational consultant . When she returned , she went for a routine smear test in 2011 and was given the all clear . Ever since being hospitalised in South Africa she had experienced spotting in between her periods , longer periods than normal and stomach cramps . By last summer these symptoms had become worse and intense pain and lots of bleeding . Her GP suggested it was a hormonal problem and that she go on the contraceptive pill to try and control it . But as she was single , Ms Hamilton did n't see the point of using a contraceptive and felt uneasy about taking hormonal treatment . She also did n't want to ignore the signals her body was giving her , and so never took the contraceptives that were prescribed . It was only in January this year , when she was called for her next smear test , that she was finally diagnosed . The nurse due to carry out the smear said her cervix was so irritated that it was impossible to conduct the test . Ms Hamilton , pictured in 2009 , became aware something was seriously wrong when a nurse could n't perform a smear test on her as there was so much inflammation . Doctors diagnosed Ms Hamilton with a leiomyosarcoma - a cancer of the soft tissue , the muscle , fat , blood vessels , or any of the other tissues that support , surround and protect the organs of the body . She then broke the devastating news that she suspected Ms Hamilton had cancer . After an MRI scan , doctors confirmed she had leiomyosarcoma and would need a hysterectomy to save her life . A leiomyosarcoma is a cancer of the soft tissue , the muscle , fat , blood vessels , or any of the other tissues that support , surround and protect the organs of the body . Ms Hamilton 's was found in the walls of her cervix . Only about 3,300 new cases of soft tissue cancers are diagnosed each year in the UK , and they mainly affect people over the age of 50 . Ms Hamilton described the shock of being told she may never be able to become pregnant naturally . ` This was going to be the year I was going to go out and meet someone and start to think about having a family . ` But now I would n't be able to carry a child . ` I could n't believe that I had cancer in my cervix for all that time . ' Ms Hamilton underwent a hysterectomy at just 34-and was devastated at the thought of not being able to carry a child . But she remained positive , saying ` there is somebody else going through much worse ' She underwent egg collection so that one day she might have a child that is biologically hers . On March 19th this year she underwent the operation to remove her womb -- and the tumour -- and is now recovering at home . While many women would become disheartened after such an ordeal , Ms Hamilton said she believes . She said : ` Luckily I am a naturally positive person , and I just think that there is somebody else going through something much worse than me . ` When I was finally diagnosed it was more of a relief than anything to know what was wrong . ` It was when I was told that I would need a hysterectomy that when it hit me , and I became really upset . ' Even before she had cancer , Ms Hamilton ran the Race for Life for Cancer Research UK , and this year raising money for the charity will be more meaningful than ever . She said : ` I have done the race the last two years , and I always said I would do it every year , so this year I 'm on a mission . ` I 've already raised £ 1,600 which is so amazing and humbling . ' To donate to Ms Hamilton 's fundraising page , please visit : www.justgiving.com/kerryhamilton4  .