Customs officials have seized what is being described as a ` zoo in a suitcase ' from a woman accused of smuggling 108 exotic animals in Russia . In the bag , carried in the hold of the aircraft , there were 55 snakes , 35 lizards , seven turtles , six lemurs , two monkeys and even a suspected leopard cub . Two baby crocodiles died on the journey from Jakarta to Moscow and all the survivors appeared terrified when they were found after the 6,515-mile ordeal . The menagerie came to light when customs officials at Domodedovo airport electronically scanned a 27 kg bag belonging to an unnamed female passenger who had flown from Indonesia via Qatar . Cruel cargo : More than 100 exotic animals were found stuffed in this suitcase belonging to a female passenger travelling on a flight from Indonesia to Russia 's Domodedovo airport . Rare : Among the animals seized was this suspected leopard cub , a species which is listed in the Red Book of endangered animals . If it turns out to be the case , the suspect could face up to seven years in prison . Exotic : Customs officials also found 55 snakes , 35 lizards , seven turtles , six lemurs and two monkeys . Horrendous treatment : The menagerie came to light when customs officials at Domodedovo airport electronically scanned a 27 kg bag belonging to a female passenger who had flown from Indonesia via Qatar . Spokeswoman Larisa Ledovskikh said : ` The animals were packed in tiny cages and plastic boxes and each snake was in small bag made of cloth . ' Experts are trying to identify the ` amazingly beautiful `` kitten '' with bright green eyes and stripes ' among the trafficked animals . Officials in Moscow suspect it is a leopard cub , a species which is listed in the Red Book of endangered animals . If true , the woman - held in detention pending a decision on any charges - faces up to seven years in jail . Turtles packed in a container : The suspect claimed she bought the animals for £ 130 in a market in Indonesia . The suspect denied intending to sell the animals on the black market , claiming they were ` for future breeding ' Exotic animals are a lucrative business in Russia , where private zoos are seen as de rigueur for the wealthy . ` It was a sad scene - exhausted monkeys , scared lemurs , the begging green eyes of a beautiful `` cat '' , ' wrote newspaper Moskovsky Komsomolets . The animal courier claimed she had bought the animals for $ 200 -LRB- £ 130 -RRB- in a market in Indonesia . She denied intending to sell the animals on the black market , claiming they were ` for future breeding ' . But trading in exotic animals is seen as lucrative business in Russia , where private zoos are seen as de rigueur for the wealthy . The animals were packed in tiny cages and plastic boxes and each snake was in small bag made of cloth . In need of rehabilitation : After being impounded , the hungry and exhausted creatures were handed to employees of Moscow 's ` Exotic Park ' where they will be cared for until their future is decided . A handler from the park held the animals for the customs pictures , which will be used as evidence in the case . After being impounded , the hungry and exhausted creatures were handed to employees of Moscow 's ` Exotic Park ' where they will be cared for until their future is decided . A handler from the park held the animals for the customs pictures , which will be used as evidence in the case against the ` animal courier ' . ` Experts will check the animals and calculate the price of each one , ' said the spokeswoman . ` They will also establish if any of these animals are under protection of the international convention on rare species . '