A man has accused rapper DMX and his entourage of robbing him while at a New Jersey gas station on Easter morning . The unidentified Newark resident , 22 , said he recognized the 44-year-old rapper , whose real name is Earl Simmons , while at an Exxon station on Sunday , according to Newark police spokesman Sgt. Ronald Glover . Police said the victim reported that he had a brief conversation with DMX about rap music around 12.30 am , according to nj.com . ` During the conversation a male in DMX 's entourage showed the victim a gun and demanded the victim 's money , ' said Glover in a statement . Scroll down for video . A man has accused rapper DMX -LRB- above -RRB- and his entourage of robbing him while at a New Jersey gas station on Easter morning . The 21-year-old victim said he recognized the rapper , whose real name is Earl Simmons , and that he had a conversation with him before a member of the entourage allegedly pulled out a gun and demanded money . The victim told police that he pulled $ 3,200 cash from his pocket and DMX grabbed it out of his hand . The rapper then got into one of four black Cadillac Escalades that fled from the scene . The resident was able to follow the car long enough to obtain one of the vehicle 's license plate number , which he provided to police , as the cars traveled down McCarter Highway , according to PIX 11 . It has not been made clear if police have tried to get in contact with DMX or whether the license plate has been traced to him or his entourage , according to NJ.com . DMX was scheduled to perform on Saturday night at the Master of Ceremony concert at the New Jersey Performing Arts Center . He wrote ` Jersey !!!!! Thank you !! ' on his Twitter on Saturday . It appears DMX had been in New Jersey on Saturday night because he was scheduled to perform at the Master of Ceremony concert at the New Jersey Performing Arts Center . He wrote on Twitter on Saturday : ` Jersey !!!!! Thank You !! For real Thank You !!!!! ' Following the incident , no arrests were made and no criminal charges have been filed . The investigation is ongoing . Following the incident no arrests were made and no criminal charges have been filed .