Flanked by Johnny Russell and Will Hughes , Eric Steele jigged over to the travelling Derby supporters - the popular goalkeeping coach was in the mood to celebrate . After a first win in eight , they are back in this consuming promotion race and that six-week wobble is no longer . Steele lapped up the adulation , entertaining 4,000 behind one goal of the DW Stadium at which the Rams wrapped up three crucial points . This felt very important indeed , the outpouring of each olé obvious . Derby 's players celebrate after Chris Martin 's goal gave them the lead in the second half . Steve McClaren was all smiles as he took his place in the stands before the game . Wigan -LRB- 4-4-2 -RRB- : Al Habsi ; Boyce -LRB- McCann 63 -RRB- , Maguire , Pearce , Bong ; Bo-kyung , Kvist , Perch McClean ; Clarke -LRB- Waghorn 75 -RRB- , Fortune -LRB- Murphy 65 -RRB- . Subs not used : Carson , Pennant , Barnett , Ojo . Booked : Boyce , Clarke . Derby -LRB- 4-2-3-1 -RRB- : Grant ; Keogh , Forsyth , Albentosa , Warnock -LRB- Christie 88 -RRB- ; Hughes , Hendrick , Ward -LRB- Martin 46 -RRB- , Russell , Ince -LRB- Dawkins 90 -RRB- ; Bent . Subs not used : Roos , Lingard , Whitbread , Hanson . Goals : Martin 51 , Bent 81 . Booked : Hughes , Hendrick . Referee : S. Hooper . Attendance : 14,697 . Make no mistake , these have been tough times for Steve McClaren . Top of the tree back on February 24 , the Derby manager is now only looking at promotion via the play-offs , labelling an automatic spot a ` long shot ' . Their ticket for those extra games is by no means booked , but goals from substitute Chris Martin and Darren Bent mean they are back on track . Martin climbed off the bench at half-time to change the game , slamming in the opener six minutes after the restart before Bent capitalised on shambolic defending to prod in a late second . ` I did n't think Chris would make the impact that he did , ' McClaren admitted after Martin 's first appearance in almost two months . ` He could only play 45 minutes . ` It 's a massive win . Huge character . We showed the quality we 've been missing . The away following was absolutely incredible . We 've stuck together . ' Wigan , by contrast , are staring at relegation and a first season in the third tier since 2003 . Now eight points adrift , their fans chanted for the head of Malky Mackay . Chairman David Sharpe did n't know where to look at full-time and they need two wins from trips to Fulham and Millwall - on Friday and next Tuesday respectively - to stand any chance of survival . Derby goalkeeper Lee Grant does well to tip over a header from a Wigan corner . Derby winger Tom Ince has a low effort saved by Wigan goalkeeper Ali Al-Habsi . Jeff Hendrick rides a challenge from South Korea international Kim Bo-kyung . ` It 's still mathematically possible and we need to keep giving it everything we 've got , ' Mackay said . ` It was criminal to miss those chances but that has haunted the club all season . ` I thought we were terrific first half - 17 crosses into their box . That should bring a return of two goals . ' It did not , and Mackay 's use of ` mathematical ' tends to suggest the writing is on the wall . James McClean and Kim Bo-kyung both went close but Wigan ran out of steam , their fans streaming out after Bent 's 81st-minute clincher . Kim shifted the ball to his left foot and found James McClean , storming towards the six-yard box but the winger 's bullet header was met in stature by Lee Grant 's splendid one-handed stop , tipping over while airborne . Tom Ince had the beating of his man inside the box , but could only fluff right-footed straight at Ali Al Habsi . Maguire almost put through his own net from a Jamie Ward corner but those two moments were all McClaren 's side could muster before the break , finding the quagmire of a playing surface at the DW Stadium quite a deterrent . This had been used for the Warriors ' win against St Helens in their Rugby League encounter on Good Friday , and you could tell ; a tame Kim drive bobbled three times to test Grant when otherwise it would not have . But , frankly , that is the least of Wigan 's worries . They face an almighty task to escape relegation , made all the harder when Martin linked up with Russell to score . ` The difference with him and without him shows you what a top striker can do , ' Mackay rued . Chris Martin celebrates after giving Derby the lead in the crucial promotion clash . Grant saves at the feet of Leon Clarke as relegation-threatened Wigan press for a second-half equaliser . It 's 20 for the season now and how they have missed the Scotland international 's presence . He came on with purpose , knocked the normally immovable Maguire from pillar to post and gave the Rams a focus . Ince just poked over the bar after super build-up involving Martin and Bent , before the on-loan Aston Villa striker wrapped up the points after 81 minutes . Bent comes alive in the 18-yard box and reacted quickest to Jason Pearce 's terrible mix-up to add a second . Wigan did have their chances . McClean was smothered brilliantly by Grant as the Ireland international looked to equalise ; William Kvist then saw a half-volley superbly blocked by Hughes . They displayed guts , but not an awful lot of quality , and a first season below the top two divisions since 2003 looks to be the legacy created by Dave Whelan in controversially appointing Mackay . ` We want Malky out , ' was the summation of 10,000 home fans . Five wins since taking over in November suggests they are right . Substitute Darren Bent puts the result beyond doubt by finishing from close range . Derby heroes Bent and Martin celebrate after the former scored their second of the game .