Ex pop star Dane Bowers has been charged with hitting his ex-fiancee Miss Wales Sophie Cahill and will appear in court next month charged with common assault . The former Another Level star , 35 , is accused of hitting 31-year-old glamour model Ms Cahill in front of her young son , causing a bloody nose . Bowers , of no fixed address , was charged with common assault in connection with an incident which took place in February . Former Another Level star Dane Bowers , 35 , -LRB- pictured left -RRB- is accused of hitting his ex-fiancee , 31-year-old glamour model Sophie Cahill -LRB- right -RRB- in front of her young son in February , causing a bloody nose . He answered his police bail last Thursday and today Scotland Yard confirmed he is due to appear before magistrates in south London next month . The singer and the former Miss Wales got engaged in December 2013 when he popped the question during a sunshine winter break in Tenerife . ` I am the happiest man alive . Ecstatic to say the beautiful Sophie Cahill made me the happiest man alive by saying yes . . when I said the amazing words ... Will you Marry me !! ' he tweeted at the time , shortly after presenting her with a diamond ring . Ms Cahill , who is from Cwmbran in Gwent , also shared her delight at the time on the social networking site , posting : ` So it turns out that a Dane Bowers actually flew out to my childhood memory island to propose . I said yes ! ' Bowers -LRB- pictured far left -RRB- with his boyband Another Level in 1999 at the Capital FM Awards . But Ms Cahill called off their engagement last December . She was said to have dumped the singer and moved in with his mother after discovering that he had been storing pictures of other glamour models ' on his mobile phone . Bowers , who previously dated glamour model Katie Price when he was in boyband Another Level , toured last November with the Big Reunion Boyband as one fifth of Fifth Story , alongside Adam Rickitt and Kavanagh , before appearing in a pantomime as Prince Charming . Mother-of-two Ms Cahill , who won Miss Wales back in 2000 , has had a successful modelling career including roles in N-Dubz music videos , appearances on Channel 4 's Big Breakfast and in the UK and US versions of Playboy . She also co-starred alongside supermodel Caprice in a British version of popular US film series American Pie . A Scotland Yard spokeswoman said : ` Dane Bowers , 35 , a singer of no fixed abode , has been charged with common assault . ` He will appear before magistrates in May . ' Ms Cahill -LRB- pictured second from left -RRB- at the Miss World photocall where she represented Wales . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .