A Turkish Airlines flight from Milan to Istanbul made an emergency landing at Ataturk Airport today after its engine caught fire . It 's the latest in a series of such incidents that have forced the carrier to divert or recall flights . Television images showed firefighters approaching the plane at the airport and putting out the fire , and the Airbus A320 aircraft 's passengers were evacuated safely . The Turkish Airlines plane lands a second time with the right engine on fire after earlier aborting a first attempt . One passenger took a photo of the severely damaged wing from their seat , and right , as the plane circled above Istanbul Ataturk Airport flames could be seen coming from the engine . Turkish Airlines spokesperson Dr. Ali Genc told MailOnline Travel : ` Turkish Airlines TK 1878 Milan-Istanbul flight has landed safely after its first attempt to Istanbul Ataturk Airport . The plane slid off the runway after its landing by its declaration of emergency landing . ` The evacuation has been safely and promptly completed . Our 97 passengers on board have been safely taken to terminal . Currently , there is no injuries or no health problem on any of our passengers reported . ` The necessary investigation has been started to clarify the causes of the incident . ' Airlive.net are reporting that while attempting the first landing , the right side landing gear collapsed forcing the pilot to abort . It is believed the right landing gear was damaged on a first landing , that led to the right-hand side fire . The plane was quickly evacuated on landing , and there are no reported injuries from the 97 on board . Passengers were safely led from the stricken plane that ended up on the grass after the emergency landing . The moment of impact once the plane landed at Ataturk Airport saw more flames from the aircraft . People took to social networks to praise the captain 's safe landing of the Turkish Airlines flight . As the plane circled in the sky , flames could clearly be seen from the damaged area . The photos began to be circulated on social networks , and people expressed their relief at news the passengers escaped the plane unhurt . On Twitter Flyingpilot79 wrote that he was glad the flight had landed , and ` that everyone is ok ' , while Nicholas Guerts added : ` Well done to the #TK1878 crew for getting that aircraft on to the ground safely ! ' A photo released from inside the plane shows the oxygen masks deployed for the emergency landing . Emergency vehicles queued up on the Ataturk runway to greet the landing of the on-fire plane . The fire was extinguished on landing , and the plane was evacuated of 97 passengers . On March 30 , a Turkish Airlines flight made an emergency landing after a note with the word ` bomb ' was reportedly found in the toilet . The flight from Istanbul scheduled for Sao Paulo , Brazil touched down in Casablanca , Morocco after declaring an emergency over North Africa . The airline confirmed the Boeing 777 with the flight number TK15 was carrying 256 people and made a diversion due to a ` bomb threat ' . It was the second incident in the space of two days where a Turkish Airlines flight out of Istanbul was the subject of a bomb threat . Flight TK-52 from Istanbul to Tokyo was forced to land at Ataturk Airport after the words ` C4-Cargo ' were discovered written in the toilet . The words relate to the plastic explosive C-4 .