Hidden along a dusty dirt track across several miles of scenic hills , it was formerly home to a post office , a grocery store and even a school house . But now , Evansville in Comanche County , Kansas , is a shadow of its former self , with its once-thriving commissary building in a state of disrepair . However , the ghost town is still home to two final residents , who tend to the site 's numerous cattle - rancher Larry ` Dee ' Scherich and his wife , Phyllis . The couple , who live in a house just north of the historic commissary building , do not have to worry about unexpected visitors , nor noisy neighbors . Instead , they encounter only hired workers in the town , which previously housed the headquarters of the largest cattle ranch in Kansas 's history . Remote : It was home to a post office , a grocery store and even a school house in the 1870s and 80s . But now , Evansville in Comanchea County , Kansas , is a shadow of its former self , with its once-thriving commissary building -LRB- pictured today -RRB- in a state of disrepair . Deserted : Horse harnesses hang empty from the roof of the commissary 's stables , while the building 's wooden walls are falling apart . No neighbors : However , the ghost town is still home to two final residents - rancher Larry ` Dee ' Scherich and his wife , Phyllis -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Rancher : The couple , who live in a house just north of the commissary building , do not have to worry about unexpected visitors , nor noisy neighbors . Above , Mr Scherich talks about the features of the historic commissary building at the deadtown site of Evansville . Long gone : Cattle graze where the former Evansville school house was located , near the beautiful - but mostly treeless - Gypsum Hills . On a regular basis , the Scheriches hike up to a springs , situated near the mostly treeless Gypsum Hills , with their stunning views , canyons and buttes . Here , wild animals and insects continue to drink the natural spring water that still flows at the now-deserted site . ` With no trees to speak of , trees by a springs would have been real respite , ' Mrs Scherich told The Hutchinson News . Referring to Evansville itself , which likely began its life as a town in the late 1870s , she added : ` By 1910 , there was not much left . ' Indeed , the town once boasted a ranch house and a commissary building after four ranchers moved to the area in the 1870s and early 1880s . The men , named as Jess Evans , Wylie Payne , Richard Phillips and Major Andrew Drum , set up an enormous cattle ranch in the region after an Army order banned Texas cattle drives from crossing the Oklahoma Strip , according to the book , Kansas : The Priceless Prairie , by author Mary Einsel . The operation , dubbed the Comanche Pool , which was based at Evans 's ranch , began with 26,000 head of cattle . In subsequent years , the area grew into a town , with its own post office , grocery store and other buildings . It even had its own hotel with ` easy access to all cattle camps in the Territory ' . Historic : The Scheriches encounter only hired help in the town , which previously housed the headquarters of the largest cattle ranch in Kansas 's history . Above , Mrs Scherich believes the middle portion of this house was one of the original buildings in the ghost town . Saved : Four ranchers moved to the area in the 1870s and early 1880s and set up an enormous ranch , dubbed the Comanche Pool . Above , Mr Scherich has kept pieces of barbed wire used in the town , including the wire used by the Comanche Pool 's ranchers . Still life : On a regular basis , the Scheriches hike up to a springs -LRB- pictured -RRB- , situated near the picturesque Gypsum Hills , with their stunning views , canyons and buttes . Here , wild animals and insects continue to drink the natural spring water that still flows at the site . Contrast : This photo shows several of the many cowboys employed by the Comanche Pool in Comanche County during the 1880s . The Evansville Herald , which started publishing in October 1885 , reported on a prospering town with around 40 residents and several businessmen . However , in 1884 , a large portion of Comanche County - where the ranchers had used land ` unofficially ' - was bought by settlers for $ 1.25 an acre . In following years , as the herd law was enacted -LRB- forcing ranchers to fence their cattle -RRB- and the winters became harsher , the Comanche Pool dissolved . But Evansville continued to grow , David Webb , of Kansas Heritage Center , writes in his and co-author Alzina Baker 's book , Comanche County History . A nearby post office moved into the town , a sorghum mill reportedly opened and by November 1886 , residents were hoping for a railroad . ` We all want a railroad and now is the time to get one , ' the editor of The Evansville Herald apparently wrote at the time , adding : ` We may never have a better chance . ' However , several years later , the newspaper had shut down due to lack of profit , while the commissary building and its post office shortly closed . Sawed logs : The historic commissary building was built using rough sawed logs and wood that workers notched to fit -LRB- pictured today -RRB- . Co-manager : Mrs Sherich is pictured looking up inside the commissary . She now manages Merrill Ranch in the town with her husband . Today , horse harnesses hang empty from the roof of the building 's ruined stables , while the commissary 's wooden log structures are falling apart . In front of the building , broken-off posts stick up from the ground - and a boardwalk that used to be bustling with residents is long gone . ` I 'd love to have someone restore it , ' Mrs Scherich said of the commissary , adding : ` It would be expensive . I should have done it 20 years ago . ' Mr Scherich moved to Evansville with his parents in the 1940s to manage Merrill Ranch - long after the town had been deserted by most ranchers . Although he left the ranch to teach at Inman High School for several years , he eventually returned to the site with Mrs Scherich in 1976 . They now manage the ranch and its cattle together .