A device has been created that can scan entire planes for contraband , bombs and weapons . The mobile X-ray scanner , heralded as the world 's first ` airplane scanner ' , sweeps down a plane and can detect various objects inside . While the radiation emitted by the scanner is not safe yet for humans to be in the plane when it is operated , the company behind it thinks it could become a vital tool in aircraft safety . Scroll down for video . Romanian company MB Telecom has revealed the Roboscan 2M Aeria . It uses a cone of radiation to sweep across planes -LRB- shown -RRB- and look inside . The device is accurate enough to find a filament in a light bulb . But the radiation it emits is not safe for passengers yet . The Roboscan 2M Aeria is being developed by Romanian company MB Telecom -LRB- MBT -RRB- . It costs € 3 million -LRB- £ 2.1 million , $ 3.2 million -RRB- , reported The Times , and is apparently already being used to check trucks at borders in Eastern Europe , where it has helped seize 76,000 packs of illegal cigarettes . On its website , MBT says the Aeria is ` the very first solution for aircraft security inspection . ' It can scan planes from small private jets to medium-sized commercial airplanes . The company notes that , while passengers and their luggage are thoroughly inspected at airports , there is no such inspection process for jets arriving at small private airports with low security . But with their device , the company says this ` gap ' in aviation security can be plugged , and it can scan an entire plane in about 20 minutes . The device can be used to detect weapons -LRB- shown -RRB- and other contraband in small or medium-sized jets that land at low-security airports . An operator working inside the truck can look inside the entirety of a plane , although currently under regulations some areas of the plane - such as the fuselage and wings - are restricted . There are four main components that allow an aircraft to be scanned . Armed with a sharp sense of smell , dogs have a long history of detecting explosives for their human handlers , and soon there could be sniffer elephants too . Researchers have found that the large mammals excel at identifying explosives by smell , stirring speculation about whether their extraordinary ability could save lives . Elephants could be used to detect land mines in areas that have seen conflict and could even do so at a distance with the aid of drones . The research was conducted in South Africa and involved the U.S. military . The first is the operating truck , from which an operator can use the system and look inside the plane . Attached to this is a robotic arm with an X-ray generator at the end . The plane is then pulled forwards by a battery-operated tug over a wide detection module . By firing X-rays out of the arm , a cone of radiation sweeps over the plane . The operator inside the truck is then given live images of the interior of the plane , and is able to scan its entirety for hidden items . It is apparently so accurate that it could pick out keys on a seat or even a filament in a light bulb . One issue , though , is that aircraft operators do not authorities to inspect the whole plane - areas of the fuselage and the wings are off limits , even though Roboscan can examine these areas . ` You can not touch it , but you can scan it , ' said Radu Tudor of MBT at the Counter Terror Expo in London this week . There are four main components that allow an aircraft to be scanned . The first is the operating truck -LRB- shown -RRB- , from which an operator can use the system and look inside the plane . The plane is pulled forwards through the scanner by a battery-operated tug -LRB- shown -RRB- over a wide detection module . By firing X-rays out of the arm , a cone of radiation sweeps over the plane .