Manchester City manager Manuel Pellegrini has the most difficult job in football , according to West Ham boss Sam Allardyce . City entertain the Hammers at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday with speculation over Pellegrini 's future mounting after a difficult season and a run of six defeats in their last eight games . But Allardyce believes the pressure of going for back-to-back Barclays Premier League titles , plus the introduction of Financial Fair Play -LRB- FFP -RRB- rules , have made the Chilean 's job the hardest in world football . Manchester City manager Manuel Pellegrini has come under fire following their title race capitulation . West Ham United manager Sam Allardyce believes Pellegrini has the most difficult job in football . ` The hardest thing to do in the game is win the title back-to-back , ' Allardyce said . ` It 's hard enough winning it in the first place but going back-to-back has always been that bit more difficult . ` On the basis of a lot of the conversations I 've had with Sir Alex -LRB- Ferguson -RRB- over the years in terms of the motivation of the squad , the hardest part of the job is the season after , to try and do back-to-back victories in a very difficult league . ` They 've found it difficult to raise themselves to that level again consistently . ' UEFA imposed a £ 49million fine on City as well as restrictions on their squad and transfer spending after they failed to comply with the new FFP rules , and Allardyce says the potential sanctions put even more pressure on managers . The champions spent a combined £ 44m on Porto pair Eliaquim Mangala and Fernando last summer in a move that has been largely unsuccessful -- talk that has brought more scrutiny on Pellegrini . ` Everybody will look at what Financial Fair Play is going to bring to us in the next few years , ' Allardyce said . ` That 's halting their spending power . ` We all have to get a bit more shrewd with our spending and the players that we bring in and make fewer mistakes now than ever before because of that financial restriction . The £ 44m spent on Porto pair Eliaquim Mangala and Fernando last summer has been less than successful . Dejected Manchester City players look on as they are dealt yet another blow in their hunt for the league title . ` You 've got to move players out to create funds to help you bring players in and that has obviously made life and the job a little bit more difficult that it was before . ' Asked whether he City should stick with Pellegrini , Allardyce said : ` Yeah , I do . If he 's proven himself last year , in his first year , then maybe the owners will stick with him and revamp the squad rather than changing him . That 's the way forward . ` But my only concern is us trying to make life very difficult for them on Sunday and to continue trying to win . ' West Ham are without Diafra Sakho on Sunday with a thigh injury , but Allardyce said he could make it back before the end of the season after it was initially feared he would miss the rest of the campaign . West Ham United striker Diafra Sakho limped out of the draw against Stoke City last weekend .