With a surfboard strapped to his feet , a thrill-seeker soars through the air as he showcases a new extreme sport . This action shot was taken at Estavayer-le-Lac in Switzerland where the latest water sports craze of Jet Surfing has taken off . The contraption can be seen leaping up above the surface , almost resembling scenes from the film Back to the Future where Michael J Fox 's character Marty McFly climbs on to a futuristic hoverboard . Scroll down for video . Flying high : Jet surfing is the latest craze in extreme water sports as thrillseekers take it to the next level . Taking off : This action shot was taken at Estavayer-le-Lac in Switzerland where the latest water sports craze of Jet Surfing has taken off . Futuristic : The jet-surfing looks like Marty McFly 's famous hoverboard from the Back to the Future series , although Michael J Fox 's character was unable to get across the water with his board . But unlike in the 1985 classic , this Jet Surf board , made in the Czeck Republic , is designed for travelling across water - and is so powerful it can help propel riders into the air off waves or the wake from passing boats . Jet surf boards have a top speed of 33mph and weigh just 15 kg . Its makers say the sport is easy to master and that the boards are nimble and responsive . It is equipped with a specially-designed two-stroke engine which uses up to two litres of fuel an hour depending on the model and conditions . Extreme : Jet surf boards have a top speed of 33mph and weigh just 15 kg . Its makers say the sport is easy to master and that the boards are nimble and responsive . A bit more traditional : The surfers can get down to the water if they fancy something a little more sedate . The risks and dangers are minimal mainly because of the light weight design and the auto cut-out feature which stops the engine as soon as the rider lets go of the handle , according to a spokesman . A spokesman from the company , said : ` The experience of Jet surfing is exactly what it sounds like - surfing with jet power . ` It 's a massive adrenaline rush to accelerate on a board which , in terms of the power to weight ratio and the lack of friction , is one of the most powerful craft of any type in the world . ` Jet surfing can transform a calm body of water into a surfer 's playground . Wave power : Surfers are still recommended to surf while wearing a helmet and life vests . It is equipped with a specially-designed two-stroke engine which uses up to two litres of fuel an hour depending on the model and conditions . ` If there is some wake from a boat or a choppy surface then it 's full of kickers and jumps where riders can get some serious air , allowing big grabs , tweaks , method airs and even back flips . ' Jet surfing is less risky and dangerous than other extreme sports , according to the company . The spokesman said : ` The risks and dangers are minimal mainly because of the light weight design and the auto cut-out feature which stops the engine as soon as the rider lets go of the handle . ` Obviously , we recommend surfers ride within their limits and wear life vests and helmets , also to stay aware of prevailing water conditions and respect other water users . '