With his bright , inquisitive eyes and wagging tail , on first glance he looks like an ordinary pet . But this is actually a mocked-up image of Britain 's ideal dog , comprising different parts of several breeds to create the perfect furry friend . The coat of an English bulldog , the ears of a King Charles spaniel and the tail of an Irish setter help make up a set of ideal characteristics voted for by 2,000 pet owners . The perfect dog also has the body size of a border collie , the snout of a labrador and the eyes of a beagle . Scroll down for video . The dog has all the best bits from the UK 's favourite breeds , the hair of an English Bulldog and a Labrador nose . The research found more than a third of owners wanted their dog to have a short , low-maintenance coat , while a similar proportion favoured soft , floppy ears . Almost half said their ideal dog would be ` standard-sized ' like a collie , compared with 36 per cent who preferred smaller lap dogs such as chihuahuas . The ` soft and round ' snout of a labrador was the most favourable nose , with 50 per cent of the vote , beating the elongated snout of a collie which was chosen by 24 per cent . When it came to naming their pets , 29 per cent of owners said they opted for ` human ' choices such as Dave or Lucy . The dog has the soft fluffy ears of the King Charles Spaniel -LRB- right -RRB- which 24 percent preferred Our ideal dog would have the tail of an Irish Setter -LRB- left -RRB- . A third of owners want their dog to have a ` short-haired ' and ` low maintenance ' coat - like an English Bulldog . But slightly more -- 33 per cent -- preferred traditional dogs ' names including Rover and Bailey . The survey , by flea treatment brand Frontline Spot On , also found that people favoured different types of dog depending on where they lived . Perhaps unsurprisingly , 41 per cent of Londoners preferred small dogs who do n't take up much room . Meanwhile almost a fifth of owners in East Anglia , with its swathes of countryside , picked the large great dane as their favourite breed . Our ` perfect dog ' has the body of a Border Collie -LRB- right -RRB- but the Great Dane was most popular in East Anglia . Voters in different areas preferred their dogs larger or smaller , depending on the region where they lived . Those living in London are more likely to opt for a small and lap-sized dog -LRB- 41 per cent -RRB- rather than a retriever-sized pooch -LRB- 34 per cent -RRB- . Meanwhile , those in East Anglia prefer Great Danes -LRB- 19 per cent -RRB- over tiny dogs like Chihuahuas -LRB- 4 per cent -RRB- . A quarter of owners valued their pet 's companionship so much they said the perfect dog would live for as long as they did -- instead of the normal lifespan of around ten to 13 years . The survey also asked about the ideal dog 's sound , with 30 per cent opting for the ` mid-range ' bark of a labrador as opposed to a high-pitched yap . Brock Abreu , Frontline Spot On brand manager , said : ` When it comes to our ideal canine companion , looks really do matter . ` It is also great to see that we are being patriotic and championing those traditional and beautiful British dog breeds . ' Those living in London are more likely to opt for a small and lap-sized dog -LRB- 41 per cent -RRB- than a larger retreiver .