The February afternoon we arrived in Adelaide , the mercury was whizzing up to a sizzling 46C and the South Australian city was the hottest place on the planet . The temperature had climbed above 40C for a whole week and even the Aussies were struggling . Appropriately , friends took us out that evening to dine in one of the city 's hottest restaurants - Celsius ! Luckily , it was air-conditioned and served phenomenal food . We especially appreciated the peanut butter and popcorn ice cream . But Adelaide that week was also hot for other reasons . It was the cycling mecca of the world , with 20 teams of Lycra-clad pros and their supporters tearing up the roads and hanging out in coffee bars . Sian Lloyd enjoys a glass of Clare Valley riesling at Skillogalee Winery north of Adelaide in South Australia . Sian meets Team Sky 's Geraint Thomas -LRB- centre -RRB- and Sir Chris Hoy -LRB- right -RRB- at the start of the Tour Down Under . Sian takes a ride ahead of the Tour Down Under in Adelaide -LRB- left -RRB- and meets a bouncy local kangaroo . The Tour Down Under is a big part of the international cycling season and contributes more to the South Australian economy than the F1 Grand Prix -LRB- formerly Adelaide-based , now in Melbourne -RRB- ever did . Not only was the launch night atmosphere electric , but it was great to catch up with our pals Sir Chris Hoy and Team Sky 's Geraint Thomas . We also rubbed shoulders with the Indian cricket team . Howzat ! We were staying at the Adina Apartment Hotel , the former Treasury building , where the old tunnels and cabinet rooms can still be seen . The Beatles hid here to evade fans back in 1964 . Breakfast was served in the lovely oasis of the serene central courtyard , a delightful start to the day . The hotel is conveniently just round the corner from the splendid Central Market . A trip here is enough to convince anyone that Adelaide is the true food capital of Australia . And bearing in mind that some of the best wine is made within an hour 's drive of the city , from the Barossa Valley to McLaren Vale , you feel very indulged . Adelaide is a much softer city than Sydney . It has charm , colonial history , sophistication and space to breathe . It 's not called the City of Roses for nothing - there are lots of perfumed parks as well as wide boulevards . A wisteria arch in the Adelaide Botanic Gardens , South Australia , one of the city 's beautiful gardens . A trip to Adelaide 's Central Market is enough to convince us that Adelaide is the true food capital of Australia . Adelaide is a softer city than Sydney . It has charm , colonial history , sophistication and space to breathe . Most beaches are half an hour away , but being creatures of habit , we always head for the Adelaide Hills and the foodie haven of Hahndorf . Here we lunch on superb venison pasta and salted caramel crepes at a quaint old cottage called The White House . We then do a bit of wine-tasting in the scenic Hills and lovely McLaren Vale , arriving at the classy Currant Shed in time for supper . Set in a lime grove and bordered by vineyards , this is my husband 's favourite restaurant in the world . I 've had a thing about cycling the Clare Valley Riesling Trail for some time . Indeed , part of the reason for coming to sunny South Australia was to tick it off my bucket list . So early one morning we drove 90 minutes north of Adelaide , picked up our bikes from Riesling Trail Bike Hire and cycled along a 15-mile-long disused railway , snaking past vineyards and cellar doors . The gradients were gentle , the information boards fascinating and the tongue-tingling rieslings superb . We then treated ourselves to lunch at Skillogalee Winery , sat under a beautiful old olive tree and overlooking valleys lined with vines . The historic town of Hahndorf , settled by Germans near Adelaide , is a true blue foodie haven . The bright green of the vineyards of McLaren Vale , a popular wine regions close to Adelaide . North of Clare is where the Outback truly begins . And that 's where we were heading - to the rugged Flinders Ranges mountains . It took three hours to drive to the majestic range , the largest in South Australia . The Flinders have a stark beauty - the light on the rocks , the vegetation , the bouncing kangaroos , all make you feel as if you 're a million miles from civilisation . We stayed at Arkaba Station , a 60,000-acre sheep ranch , from where we did incredible guided walks , taking in the sights , sounds and smells of this astounding wild terrain . If you want to do the Flinders in understated luxury , this is the way to do it . Think cream and wood with cashmere blankets , scenic vistas , 4x4 wildlife trips , wonderful meals and languid cocktails at sunset . A view across Arkaba Station to Wilpena Pound in the Flinders Ranges , where the Outback truly starts . Luxury accommodation at Arkaba Station , a 60,000-acre sheep ranch and the perfect base to go exploring . Sian found the scale of the machinery mind-blowing in Kalgoorlie 's gold mine ` Super Pit ' And so to my husband 's bucket list . Having travelled on the glorious Ghan from Darwin to Adelaide last year , and enjoyed every magical minute , he was determined to travel on its sister train , the Indian Pacific , from Adelaide to Perth . Frankly , I ca n't think of any better way of seeing Australia . You are treated like royalty , the food is outstanding and the huge views of this beautiful , baked continent are breathtaking . Two nights of cruising overland in air-conditioned splendour - it worked for me ! As did the stop-offs , first at the Outback ghost town of Cook and finally at floodlit Kalgoorlie , the biggest open-cast gold mine in the country . The size and scale of the Super Pit and machinery were mindblowing . The same goes for the Nullarbor Plain which has hardly changed in millions of years . We crossed it on the longest stretch of straight rail track on earth - 297 miles without a hint of a curve . We arrived at the Indian Pacific terminal in Perth as fresh as daisies , and drove the three hours to Margaret River without stopping . But this is where we realised we 'd made a big mistake . This was our first visit to Western Australia and to tag it on to the end of our holiday just did not do the region justice . The unique mining town of Kalgoorlie is home to Australia 's biggest over-cast gold mine . Sister train of the north to south Ghan , the Indian Pacific takes passengers from Adelaide to Perth . From the first step we took on the Cape to Cape Explorer walk with our guide we knew we 'd found exactly what we wanted . The landscape spelt out AUSTRALIA . The views of turquoise bays and stretches of white sand , dotted with surfers , were postcard-perfect . Behind the beautiful Margaret River coastline , there are mysterious forests and caves . There 's even a lighthouse where two mighty oceans meet . And then there are vineyards ... In less than 50 years , Margaret River has become one of the world 's greatest wine regions , gaining accolades galore for its cabernet sauvignons and chardonnays . Not only are you spoilt for choice for wines , but the food is up there with the best . Stand-out meals were the amazing breakfast at the luxury boutique hotel Cape Lodge , the special lunch hosted by the owners of Leeuwin Estate and the dreamy duck curry in the beautiful setting of Aravina Estate . The stunning coastline of the Margaret River , which is also one of the world 's great wine regions . A special lunch was enjoyed with the owners of Leeuwin Estate in the revered Margaret River region . And how about sipping world famous Cullen red wine at the cellar door in the evening sunshine ? This is the stuff memories are made of . We fell in love with Margaret River . Our last two nights were spent in a gorgeous villa at Injidup Spa Retreat , a peaceful paradise overlooking the Indian Ocean . It was such a stunning spot , and we were so relaxed after our massages , that we did not want to go out for dinner . Instead , we ordered hampers of local food from Lamonts Deli , along with bars of the local Bahen & Co Almond & Sea Salt chocolate , and ate splendidly at sunset on our terrace . We toasted the sun , sand and surf and vowed to come back . Austravel -LRB- 0800 988 4834 -RRB- offers a 12-day trip to South and Western Australia from £ 2,415 pp . This includes car hire , four nights at the Adina Apartments in Adelaide , two nights at the Arkaba Homestead in Flinders Ranges , two nights ' full-board on the Indian Pacific from Adelaide Perth -LRB- Gold Service -RRB- and three nights at the Cape Lodge , Margaret River . Flights are extra . Emirates -LRB- 0844 800 2777 -RRB- offers flights from Gatwick to Adelaide returning from Perth from £ 973pp . For further information visit australia.com , southaustralia.com and westernaustralia.com .