Hillary Clinton and top aide Huma Abedin did n't leave a tip during their now infamous stop at an Ohio Chipotle on Monday - despite there being a jar on the counter . ` Her bill was $ 20 and some change , and they paid with $ 21 and left , ' Charles Wright , manager of the Maumee , Ohio , restaurant , told Bloomberg . To be fair , multimillionaire ` Clinton did n't pay ' for the meal , according to Wright . ` The other lady paid the bill , ' he said , referring to Abedin , the vice chairwoman of Clinton 's campaign . She was spotted standing next to Clinton in security camera footage released by the Toledo-area store . Scroll down for video . Spotted : Hillary and Huma order at Chipotle in Maumee , Ohio , at lunchtime Monday - the first time they had been seen since they started their cross-country road trip . But nobody in the restaurant recognized them during their 45-minute meal . The manager says they did n't leave a tip . Do you tip at Chipotle if there is a jar ? Do you tip at Chipotle if there is a jar ? Now share your opinion . Not every Chipotle restaurant has a jar for change . And many customers pay with a card . But Wright assured Bloomberg that his location does , and customers usually leave a little something behind . ` We get a bunch of tips , ' the 29-year-old said . ` If we 're doing our job right , people tip . ' Clinton and Abedin dropped by the Maumee restaurant incognito for lunch just after 1 pm on Monday during their road trip from New York to Iowa for the first round of campaign events . Traveling in an armored van they fondly call ` Scooby ' after the 1970s cartoon program and wearing dark sunglasses , they reportedly strolled into Chipotle , waited their turn in line and ordered a chicken burrito bowl - with guacamole - a chicken salad , a blackberry Izzy soda and a regular soda without being recognized . It was n't until after Clinton was back on the road that her campaign alerted the press to the lunch outing . Reporters were then able to obtain security camera footage from the store that proved Clinton had in fact dined there . A former first lady , secretary of state , New York senator , Clinton 's net worth fell somewhere between $ 5 million and $ 25 million in 2012 , the last time she was required by the government to disclose her earnings . She 's since written a memoir , for which she received a hefty $ 14 million advance , and made at least $ 5 million more off of speaking gigs . Together , she and husband Bill have an estimated net worth of roughly $ 100,000 million , but the public wo n't know for sure until she files a disclosure form in the course of her national campaign . A key feature of Clinton 's second attempt for the presidency was supposed to be her interactions with ` everyday ' Americans , meant to show how down to earth and approachable the wealthy New Yorker is . But Clinton made no attempts at the Chipotle to introduce herself , the manager indicated , or mingle with other burrito-goers . ` The thing is , she has these dark sunglasses on , ' Wright told the New York Times after it inquired about her visit . ` She just was another lady . ' The Daily Mail Online yesterday learned that an impromptu round table that Clinton held at a coffee shop with three young people was completely staged by her campaign . A Clinton staffer vetted the young people , all of whom had ties to the Democratic Party , and drove them to the site of the meet and greet . Clinton is pictured here arriving at the Iowa Statehouse yesterday for a meeting with Democratic Party lawmakers in Des Moines . To her left is Iowa Senate Majority Leader Michael Gronstal . This is the branch of Chipotle in Maumee , Ohio , where Hillary and her right-hand woman Huma Abedin were spotted at 1:13 p.m. local time on Monday . The question of whether Clinton left a tip at Chipotle was first raised by conservative radio show host Rush Limbaugh during his Tuesday broadcast . Explaining to his listeners the concept of Chipotle , Limbaugh noted , ` There 's a tip jar in there . ' ` And I would be interested to learn if Mrs. Clinton put anything in it . I mean , she 's out there representing the little guy . She 's out there campaigning against the rich , ' he said , pointing out that Clinton is in the 1 percent of top earners . Further chiding her for failing to alert other diners to her presence , Limbaugh said , ` I thought this is an everyman tour . I thought this was a tour where Hillary Clinton was gon na meet the people that she 's standing up for , that she 's representing , that she 's doing everything she 's doing for the little guy , doing it for them . ` She slithers in to Chipotle , does n't get recognized , does n't seek to be recognized , ' he said . ` Wearing the dark glasses is a favored technique of celebrities trying to hide ' - not of political candidates . He also suggested , correctly , that Clinton probably did n't pay for her meal , her assistant did . ` You know , celebrities like that are famous for walking around with no money and no credit card because they 're so accustomed to somebody else picking up the check . The Clintons really rate high on that scale . ' Mystery : Until the security camera footage of Hillary and Huma surfaced around four hours after they ate at Chipotle , nobody knew where the presidential candidate was . Clinton made no attempts at the Chipotle to introduce herself , the manager indicated , or mingle with other burrito-goers . Continuing Limbaugh said , he really would ` like to know if she left anything in the tip jar , because that would be an indication that she understands the average , ordinary , everyman that she seeks to represent . ` I mean , that 's where the people that work at Chipotle , that 's where they make a little extra , in the tip jar , and I have n't heard a word about whether or not she visited the tip jar , whether she put anything in it or not . ' Republican National Committee chairman Reince Priebus picked up the ball and began running with it on Wednesday , telling Fox News that Clinton 's strategy is to ` make sure the field knows that she 's running , and then not answer any questions from the media , and not actually talk to anybody . ' ` If you want to be successful , ' he said , especially in early primary states , ` you 've got to take the sunglasses off and actually go and talk to people . And actually care about what people think , ' he said , according to Business Insider . ` This is Iowa ; it 's not Hollywood , ' he said .