George North has been ordered by a neurologist to take at least one month off after suffering his third concussion in four months playing for Northampton last week . The Wales and Lions wing will be reassessed at the end of April and could face an even longer spell on the sidelines if specialist consultants are not convinced that he is ready to return to action . Saints medics will monitor his progress throughout the stand-down period and - with the weight of impact required to induce concussion reducing the more times a player suffers head injuries -- there have been growing concerns about the 22-year-old 's welfare . George North suffered a third confirmed concussion in just four months against Wasps last Friday . Nathan Hughes ' knee collided with North 's head as he crossed the line to score for Northampton . North was out cold on the pitch at Franklin 's Gardens and had to be taken off on a stretcher . ` We have listened to the advice we sought and George will be taking some time away from the field , ' said Saints director of rugby Jim Mallinder . ` Throughout this process it is important that George 's welfare comes first and that he is treated patiently and calmly , only returning to action when all of the medical team are happy for him to do so . ' North was knocked out following a collision with the knee of Wasps back-row Nathan Hughes . The No 8 was been subsequently suspended for three weeks , however his club yesterday launched an appeal against ban on the grounds that it was an accident . North receives treatment for his head injury on the pitch and has now been ruled out for at least a month . Hughes was sent off and then banned for three weeks after knocking out North with his right leg . During Wales ' RBS 6 Nations opener against England , North was accidentally allowed to stay on the pitch with concussion , prompting one of the most high-profile debates about the risk of head injuries . In Tuesday 's Sportsmail , former Scotland full back Rory Lamont -- who has suffered the after-effects of brain injuries -- called for the Welshman to be rested until the World Cup , saying : ` It 's a complete disgrace that it has got to this stage . George has been let down . '