Malky Mackay 's bid to rescue his managerial career was left in tatters on Monday night after he was sensationally sacked by Wigan Athletic . The 43-year-old was told of the decision during a brief meeting with new chairman David Sharpe after the Latics lost 2-0 at home against Derby County . Mackay was handed the job by former owner Dave Whelan back in November to a backdrop of an FA investigation into a shocking series of text messages , exposed by Sportsmail . Wigan manager Malky Mackay has been sacked after just five months in charge , with Wigan facing relegation . Mackay gesticulates on the touchline during the defeat to Derby County , which would prove to be his last . Cardiff City manager at the time , Mackay is accused of sending racist , sexist and homophobic messages in an exchange with former head of recruitment Iain Moody . The Scot remains under investigation by the FA and Monday 's developments will not alter the speed in which his case is dealt with . Sharpe , 23 , looked forlorn after defeat against Derby and made a snap decision to axe the boss just a month into the new role . It was a result to leave the club eight points off Championship safety with only five games left and the chairman was potentially swayed by terrace chants to sack the manager as goals from Chris Martin and Darren Bent plunged Wigan closer to relegation . They must win their next two games against Fulham and Millwall to stand any chance of survival . Although Wigan did not announce a caretaker manager , such was the haste of Sharpe 's decision , Gary Caldwell is expected to be handed the job on a temporary basis . Hibernian manager Alan Stubbs is highly thought of . John Doolan , who formed part of Uwe Rosler 's backroom staff at Wigan , is first team coach to Stubbs . Ex-player Danny Wilson presents another option . Mackay won just five of his 25 fixtures in charge and picked up only three home points - damning statistics referenced in the club 's official statement last night . Sharpe said : ` This is a very difficult decision to make but I feel that , for the long-term future of the club , there needs to be a change now . ' Sportsmail understands Mackay was close to suffering the sack back in February but victory away at Reading granted him a stay of execution . Wigan were content with keeping their boss until at least the end of the season and had faith in the divisive figure . Sources at the DW Stadium also indicated that Mackay was ready to build a similar recruitment structure to that at Cardiff and had been sanctioned to do so . He remained defiant that they could stay in the division immediately after losing against Derby : ` It 's still mathematically possible . I 've got a team there which is putting performances in every week . It 's fine lines between winning and losing in this league . ' Derby 's players celebrate after Chris Martin 's goal gave them the lead in their win over Wigan on Monday . Substitute Darren Bent puts the result beyond doubt , sealing Mackay 's fate as Wigan lost again . May 2010 : Vincent Tan is the new owner of Cardiff City . June 2011 : After Dave Jones is sacked following a Championship play-off semi-final defeat , Malky Mackay is appointed manager . February 2012 : Mackay leads Cardiff to their first League Cup final , which they lose to Liverpool on penalties following a 2-2 draw after extra time . May 2012 : Cardiff lose in the play-off semi-final again , but Mackay retains his post . Tan controversially decides that the club 's shirts should be changed from blue to red and the traditional bluebird emblem swapped for a dragon -- causing huge unrest among the Cardiff supporters . September 2012 : Tan replaces the club 's chief executive , Alan Whiteley -LRB- left -RRB- , with associate Simon Lim . April 2013 : Cardiff secure promotion to the Premier League , finishing top of the Championship . August 2013 : After around £ 35million is spent in preparation for life in the top flight , Tan publicly tells Mackay to ensure there is a positive return on his investment . October 2013 : Mackay 's head of recruitment , Iain Moody , with whom he had worked at Watford , is replaced by 23-year-old Kazakh Alisher Apsalyamov , reportedly on work experience , although he is unable to take the job on visa grounds . December 16 : Cardiff beat West Brom in the Premier League and Mackay suggests to the Press that he will need three players in the January transfer window . Lim releases a statement on behalf of Tan that criticises Mackay for his comments and asserts that he will not be given ` a single penny ' for transfers . December 19 : Mackay is emailed by Tan , informing him to either resign from his position or be sacked . December 22 : Cardiff release a club statement that Mackay will remain as manager ` for the foreseeable future ' . December 26 : Cardiff lose 3-0 at home to Southampton , as fans stage a protest against Tan . December 27 : Mackay is eventually dismissed as Cardiff manager . November 19 2014 : Mackay returns to football as Wigan manager . November 27 : Wigan chairman Dave Whelan is charged with ` aggravated breach ' of FA rules for his comments after appointing Mackay . March 3 2015 : Dave Whelan steps down as Wigan chairman , replaced by David Sharpe . April 6 : Mackay is sacked by Wigan after just five months in charge .