There was uproar on the south coast when Nicola Cortese sacked local hero Nigel Adkins and replaced him with the relatively unknown Argentine , on English shores at least , Mauricio Pochettino . Adkins had led Southampton to back-to-back promotions into the Barclays Premier League and was fighting valiantly to keep them in it . But Cortese 's decision proved to be an astute one and Pochettino took them to the next level . He increased intensity in training and in matches , altered their style of play , continued their already excellent emphasis on youth and made some shrewd signings . Mauricio Pochettino spent 16 months as Southampton manager before departing to Tottenham . The Argentine manager -LRB- right -RRB- embraces Ronald Koeman -LRB- left -RRB- as he took on his former side in October . So much so that 16 months later Daniel Levy saw him as the ideal man to take Tottenham on , too . As Pochettino prepares to return to St Mary 's for the first time since he left , Sportsmail takes a look at how his two tenures compare . YOU DO N'T WIN ANYTHING WITH KIDS ... Pochettino came to England with a reputation for bringing through young players - at Espanyol he handed 25 of their youth products a debut . At Southampton he continued to show no fear in throwing them in , giving Premier League debuts to Calum Chambers , who then moved to Arsenal for £ 16million and has now won senior England caps , and James Ward-Prowse , who is a first-team regular , star of England Under 21s and set for a call up by Roy Hodgson . Pochettino has maintained that approach at Tottenham . He was the first , of many managers who came before , to give Ryan Mason a proper run in the team and this season the player earned a first England cap for his displays . Calum Chambers -LRB- left -RRB- and James Ward-Prowse -LRB- right -RRB- both rose to prominence under Pochettino . Harry Kane has flourished under him , too , already around the first team before his arrival albeit , but excelling under Pochettino 's guidance and scoring a sensational 31 goals in all competitions already this season . Nabil Bentaleb is another who has progressed under Pochettino after Tim Sherwood gave him a chance last season , while Pochettino also gave Harry Winks , a 19-year-old midfielder , his first appearance from the bench in the Europa League . Harry Kane has been in sensational form under the former Saints boss this season - scoring 31 times . 2011-12 : 4th -LRB- Harry Redknapp as manager -RRB- . 2012-13 : 5th -LRB- Andre Villas-Boas as manager -RRB- . 2013-14 : 6th -LRB- Tim Sherwood as manager -RRB- . 2014-15 * currently 7th -LRB- Mauricio Pochettino -RRB- . LUNG-BUSTING TRAINING . Training sessions under Pochettino have become almost mythical . Speak to any player who has worked under him and they all recall gruelling double and triple sessions , all throughout pre-season and maintained regularly during the campaign . At Southampton when he first arrived he took the team to a Portuguese boot camp and made the players , leading himself by example , walk over hot coals . Not satisfied by their fitness levels , during that first pre-season there would be frequent triple sessions , from 10am-midday , from 2pm-4pm and from 6pm-8pm . During the season , in a typical week he would insist on hard sessions on Tuesdays and Wednesday - often double or triple . On the pitch , it got results . Mauricio Pochettino -LRB- left -RRB- has deployed strict and grueling training methods at both Spurs and Southampton . It appears there is more of the same at Spurs . ` There 's not been a good moment in pre-season , if I 'm honest , ' Harry Kane said earlier this season . ` There were double sessions , times when you were pushing yourself to the limit , but you 're doing it for a reason . This is the reason that you 're seeing now . ' Team-mate Moussa Dembele echoed that sentiment , adding : ` The training sessions are hard , we feel already that we have become more and more fit and that 's very good for us . ' PASSING AND PRESSING PHILOSOPHY . Like many managers , Pochettino has a certain philosophy and is relentlessly demanding that it is reflected on the pitch . At goal kicks the centre halves drop wide around the penalty area , the full backs push 40 yards up the pitch and one of the two central midfielders moves to the edge of the box , giving the goalkeeper options to pass everywhere . A passing and pressing philosophy has been deployed by Pochettino throughout his managerial career . When they are not in possession , pressing is expected high up the pitch - hence the punishing pursuit of supreme fitness levels in training . Tottenham players have taken a while to get used to it , longer than it took Southampton players when Pochettino was first in charge . But there have been signs , when they were beaten once in 10 games and were challenging for the Champions League , that it can work there . ENHANCING INDIVIDUALS . In Pochettino 's role as ` head coach ' as opposed to all-round manager he has more time to work with individuals , if they go to him desiring to improve their game . Two of Southampton 's current stars , Jay Rodriguez and Nathaniel Clyne , credit the 43-year-old for their progression . ` He brought the best out of me and gave me self-belief , ' Rodriguez said after his departure . ` To work with him was brilliant , it was hard work but the lads loved it and we got results . Nathaniel Clyne -LRB- left -RRB- has credited Pochettino for his development while he was in charge . Jay Rodriguez says Pochettino gave him the ` self belief ' to develop as a player . ` His tactical awareness gave you confidence , you wanted to go out for him because he 's such a great guy . You can talk to him . The players respected him so much . ' Clyne said : ` He 'd have us pressing high , keeping a high line , receiving the ball in difficult situations , keeping possession and basically having the confidence to play football rather than being afraid . ` The understanding in our defence was down to our training . Personally , it took my game to another level . ' UNPROVEN TRANSFER RECORD . The transfer success-rate at both clubs has been similar ; solid but not outstanding . At Southampton he made very few - Dejan Lovren proved a snip at £ 8.5 m and was sold on for double that . Victor Wanyama seemed pricey at £ 12.5 m but is one of their most consistent performers and will turn a profit if he moves on soon . Dani Osvaldo cost £ 15m and ended up attacking a team-mate . Victor Wanyama was a big-money signing from Pochettino , but has turned out to be a success . Equally , at Spurs Eric Dier at £ 4m looks like a future England international , whereas Ben Davies for £ 10m could prove too much . Teenager Dele Alli is likely to be a steal at £ 5m . The others - Michel Vorm , Deandre Yedlin , Federico Fazio and Benjamin Stambouli - are yet to shine . BROKEN ENGLISH . Pochettino would barely ever speak to the press - in TV , radio or to print journalists - in English while he was at Southampton . They employed translator David Salas . Yet occasionally when he was talking after pre-match press conferences , with the cameras and microphones off , he would talk in perfectly understandable English . At Tottenham from the very start he conducted entire press conferences in English and has trusted assistant Jesus Perez to occasionally turn to for help with any misunderstanding . The Spurs boss has spoken in English in his entire press conferences at Tottenham .