Women paid 62p an hour in Mauritius to make ` feminist ' T-shirts have been beaten by police during protests over pay and conditions at their ` sweatshop ' factory . Dozens of workers at the factory -- exposed by The Mail on Sunday for its low wages and prison-like accommodation for women making the ` This Is What A Feminist Looks Like ' T-shirts -- have been sacked and deported for staging what bosses called ` an illegal strike ' . At the end of a peaceful three-day protest , Bangladeshi migrant workers -- who produce clothes for Whistles , Topshop and Next -- were surrounded by officers who charged at them , hitting out with batons , before dragging the screaming women away . Scroll down for video . Beaten : Workers were treated roughly by police during protests over pay and conditions at their ` sweatshop ' factory . As many as 1,800 workers at the Compagnie Mauricienne de Textile -LRB- CMT -RRB- factory went on strike last week about their pay , harsh treatment , food and concerns about a missing worker . Now 69 of the women have been deported to Bangladesh and scores more now fear for their jobs . Whistles , in partnership with feminist charity The Fawcett Society and Elle magazine , enlisted the factory to make the £ 45 T-shirts last year and they were proudly worn by Labour leader Ed Miliband , his deputy Harriet Harman and Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg . After this newspaper revealed the female workers ' poor pay and living conditions -- they sleep 16 to a room -- Whistles and The Fawcett Society defended the factory , claiming it conformed to ` ethical standards ' . Exposed : The 62p-an-hour factory where ` This is what a feminist looks like ' T-shirt was made . But last night , Whistles and Topshop announced investigations , while Next cancelled its orders from the factory . A Labour spokesman condemned the violence . One Bangladeshi worker , speaking on the condition of anonymity , said : ` Police charged at us , beating us with sticks . We started screaming and running . They hit us and dragged some of the women away . I 'm really scared I 'll be deported as well . If I lose my job , my family will be ruined . ' Fighting back tears , she lifted the lid on life inside the factory , revealing that employees were told by bosses to lie to auditors about their working conditions or face being sacked . She said they are often forced to work from 7.30 am until 11 pm to meet unreasonable targets of making 300 garments a day . She added that the women , who work six-day weeks , are not paid for all of their overtime . The strike was sparked after factory worker Nazma Aktear went missing on March 26 following a hospital visit . Her colleagues grew increasingly worried when bosses failed to provide information about her whereabouts . They downed tools on Tuesday . The day after , as protests escalated , police and government ministers ordered the employees back to work . A dedicated band of 200 women continued the strike on Thursday despite Miss Aktear being found . Bosses paraded a frail Miss Aktear in front of the protesters and repeated orders for them to return to work . But the workers , who receive less than the island 's living wage , refused and the violence ensued . Unrest : A striker is led away by police at the Mauritius factory amid unrest of pay and conditions . Violence : Dozens of workers at the factory have been sacked and deported following the strike at the Mauritius factory where police are accused of brutality . Following our exposé in November , Next met with factory bosses and ` identified a number of specific shortcomings that required addressing by CMT ' and last week it carried out another inspection and found ` there are still some outstanding areas of concern ' . It has now cancelled its most recent order and future orders pending an inquiry . A Whistles spokesman said : ` We are deeply concerned by reports of recent events concerning the CMT factory . We are investigating these allegations as a matter of urgency . ' A spokeswoman for Topshop owner Arcadia said : ` We have started a full and detailed investigation into the reported incident . ' A spokesman for Miliband and Harman said the T-shirts were ` a campaign run by Elle and The Fawcett Society to promote feminism and we were happy to support it ' . Elle , The Fawcett Society and CMT refused to comment .