Kate Winslet faces a planning battle with Natural England over plans to build sea defences . Kate Winslet is to face a battle with Natural England over plans to build a 550ft-long wall to protect her £ 3.25 million beachside home from flooding and erosion . The multi BAFTA-winning actress , 39 , wants to install a boulder and gravel seawall along the West Sussex coast to protect her property . But Natural England has recommended the planning application be refused - citing concerns it may result in the ` direct loss ' of natural habitat designated for rare and vulnerable birds , trees and wetlands . The Academy Award-winning actress bought the eight bedroom house in West Sussex in 2013 . She lives there with her husband , Richard Branson 's nephew Ned Rocknroll , and her three children . But the environmental body has recommended her local District Council reject the application because of concerns over the impact it will have on the natural habitat . It is also unclear what effect the sea wall would have on a public footpath that runs along the bottom of the estate by the seashore . The shoreline is currently unprotected . The actress ' Grade II-listed home backs onto a site that is a designated special protection area to safeguard wildlife living along the coast . Wildlife include waders , geese , ducks , herons , terns and cormorants . It is also in a ` Ramsar site ' , according to Natural England - which are protected under Government policy as ` proposed or listed wetlands of international importance . ' The application is one of a number of requests previously submitted to the council for extensive renovation work at the house including the building of an underground swimming pool , garage and pool house . The planning document states : ` The proposed privately funded sea defences will ensure that the existing vegetation and public footpath will be protected into the future . ` Furthermore it should be considered that the footpath is liable to become dangerous in areas without protection from further erosion of the existing banks . ' A spokesman for Natural England said : ` Our objection centres on the fact that the application site falls within land which is protected as a Special Area of Conservation , Special Protection Area , Ramsar and Site of Special Scientific Interest . ` The proposal would result in direct loss of protected habitat and would be likely to have a significant , adverse effect on these designated sites . Winslet wants to build a sea wall along the West Sussex coast to protect her £ 3.25 million beach house . Plans submitted to her local District Council show the proposed sea wall to protect Winslet 's property . ` The application did not include any information to address the likely impacts and no mitigation was proposed . ` We will continue to liaise with the applicant about alternatives which would avoid loss of designated habitat . ' A local conservation body has also submitted comments on the application and said it is concerned about the impact of a sea wall on the appearance of the area of outstanding natural beauty -LRB- AONB -RRB- . Concerns have also been raised about potential erosion of a coastal path that could be caused by the defence . In a letter it said : ` We remain unconvinced of the need for this sea defence , and that its impacts on the landscape and nature conservation interests of the AONB would be acceptable . ' The Conservancy has also recommended the application be refused . This is not the first time the actress has come across problems with planning applications . Winslet previously owned a £ 2 million home in Treyford , near Chichester . But she sold the 15th century property in 2014 following another planning spat with locals after she proposed to install gates at the entrance . The council has set aside more time for the planning application to be explored further . No date has been set for a decision .