A celebrity reporter for CBS filed a lawsuit against two of his bosses at the network this week , claiming one drunkenly groped and kissed him at a Christmas party and that the other aggressively came onto him during an after-hours meeting . Kenneth Lombardi , who goes by Ken , was a red carpet regular for CBS New York , interviewing stars from Oprah to Ashton Kutcher and Arnold Schwarzenegger . However Lombardi , who is openly bisexual , says he was forced to quit his job in November and relocate to Los Angeles after two alleged sexual harassment involving two separate male bosses . Lawsuit : Kenneth Lombardi , a former entertainment reporter at CBS , claims he was sexually harassed by two male colleagues and that the network failed to reconcile his complaints . He is seen here reporting at the red carpet premiere of Arnold Schwarzenegger thriller Sabotage . Plaintiff : He also claims he was forced to leave his job as a result , and is seeking damages for violation of labor laws , emotional distress and discrimination . Furthermore he accuses the HR department at CBS of failing to reconcile either incident . The first alleged encounter occurred at a CBS Christmas party in December 2013 . Lombardi claims Duane Tollison , a senior producer , grabbed his crotch and kissed his neck in front of other colleagues , The New York Daily News reported . Lombardi was upset and left the party . The next day , Tollison sent him an email , which has been included in the lawsuit . ` I wanted to apologize if anything I did offended you or crossed a line . I like to get a little crazy . If you were n't offended , then let 's do it again . LOL How is your day so far ? : -rrb- ' Tollison wrote in the email . Defendant : Duane Tollison , a senior producer at CBS , allegedly kissed his former colleague Ken Lombardi at a 2013 work Christmas party and grabbed his crotch . Lombardi is now suing . Then , on May 8 , 2014 , Lombardi asked for career advice from Albert ` Chip ' Colley , the CBS Evening News Director . The two went for drinks at Manhattan bar Hardware , a known gay haunt in Hell 's Kitchen . The lawsuit says Colley got drunk , touched Lombardi 's leg and kissed him . It also says Colley texted him links to porn sites . The documents further say Colley lambasted Lombardi for his sexual orientation . Defendant : CBS Evening News Director , Albert ` Chip ' Colley , allegedly came onto Lombardi while having drinks at a Hells Kitchen bar in May 2014 . He also allegedly sent him links to porn sites . ` Colley told -LRB- Lombardi -RRB- that he did not really believe being ` bisexual ' was real and told plaintiff that he was actually completely gay , ' documents read . Lombardi says he reported both incidents ' to HR , but that they went ` nowhere ' . The lawsuit also singles out the manager of Lombardi 's department , Paula Cohen , who he says was aware of the complaints and allegedly tormented him for making them . Red carpet reporter : Kenneth Lombardi , who goes by Ken , was a red carpet regular for CBS New York , interviewing stars from Oprah to Ashton Kutcher and Arnold Schwarzenegger . He claims Cohen created a ` girl 's club ' within the entertainment department to disclude him and would yell at him . Lombardi says he was forced to quit in November . He now lives in LA . Lombardi is suing CBS , Duane Tollison and Albert Colley for violation of labor laws , infliction of emotional distress and discrimination .