Eloise Parry , known as Ella , 21 , died this week after taking a lethal overdose of diet pills . This week , a 21-year-old university student died after taking a lethal dose of diet pills . Eloise Parry , known as Ella , ` burned up from the inside , after swallowing the highly-toxic substance known as Dinitrophenol , or DNP . After taking the tablets her metabolism began to soar and she started to overheat . While doctors desperately tried to stabilise her , she died just three hours later . Her mother issued a stark warning about buying diet pills online , saying her daughter never intended to take her own life , she just did n't understand the danger of taking an overdose of the tablets . Here , Dr Simon Cotton , a senior lecturer in chemistry at the University of Birmingham , explains how DNP came to be used as a diet pill , and why it the chemical is so dangerous ... Writing for The Conversation , Dr Cotton said : Eloise Aimee Parry was the latest of a string of young people to fall victim to the chemical 2,4-dinitrophenol , known as DNP . It is a very dangerous chemical and scientists have been aware of this for nearly a century . During World War I , DNP was sometimes used to fill armour-piercing shells , as a mixture with picric acid , known as Shellite or Tridite . An explosion in a munitions factory at Rainham in Essex in 1916 was attributed to the chemical . Just like TNT it was found to be toxic to the munitions workers handling it . Many of them lost weight dramatically and some even died simply by absorbing it through their skin . The commercial use of DNP is as a pesticide or herbicide and , in 2009 , 11 workers in a Chinese chemical factory -- plus nine of their relatives -- contracted DNP poisoning , their skins turned yellow or even black and two died . After World War I , scientists at Stanford University investigated DNP to see if it was a useful slimming aid . They established that the chemical boosted metabolism by up to 50 per cent , leading to considerable weight loss without dieting . Eloise Parry , known as Ella , ` burned up from the inside , after swallowing the highly-toxic substance known as Dinitrophenol , or DNP . Ella 's mother said her daughter never intended to take her own life , she just did n't understand the danger of taking an overdose of the tablets . Ella is pictured in 2001 . However , they also found out that there were a number of side effects -LRB- including cataracts -RRB- and that the safety margin was too slim . Firms started selling it direct to customers which meant that people were taking it without medical supervision -- and fatalities resulted . When one man died , they measured his temperature -- it was 110 ° f -LRB- 43 ° c -RRB- . DNP was banned in the United States under the Food , Drug , and Cosmetic Act of 1938 ; the US Food and Drug Administration said that DNP was too toxic to be used under any circumstance . Fiona Parry , 51 , has issued a stark warning against diet pills following her daughter 's death . DNP went underground for years , but it was again marketed in the 1980s as a `` weight-loss without dieting '' drug -- and , more recently , the internet has given it a wider circulation , describing it as a `` safe weight-loss drug '' . Anything but . Extravagant claims were made by people who said that they lost 20 pounds in 12 days by taking it ; it was promoted as ` the king of the fat-loss drugs ' . And of course the health problems and fatalities associated with its use returned . Not for human consumption . How DNP works was discovered in 1948 . The chemical helps to move protons across membranes in cells . This results in a reduction in the production of ATP -LRB- adenosine triphosphate , the molecule that transports energy within cells , the body 's ` energy currency ' -RRB- . This means that much of the energy usually generated in respiration is instead wasted as heat -LRB- which can lead to fatal hyperthermia -RRB- . The body compensates by speeding up metabolism in order to produce the energy needed to maintain the body . This increase in metabolic rate results in the consumption of fat and carbohydrate as they are turned into energy . The people marketing it may hedge around with labels saying `` not for human consumption '' , but obviously consumers do not get the guidance that would be given if they were getting a medication from their doctor . A 27-year-old woman who wanted to lose weight bought some over the internet ; she wanted faster results so she took double the recommended dose . It killed her . There have been a number of fatalities in the UK caused by DNP . In 2013 , an 18-year-old rugby player named Chris Mapletoft died after taking DNP . Scientists warn DNP is highly toxic . It was originally used in weapons in World War 1 and is used commercially as a pesticide . The preceding year a 28-year old High Wycombe bodybuilder , Sean Cleathero , died after his temperature rose to 42 ° c when he consumed DNP at his gym . That same year a 23-year-old Leeds University medical student , Sarah Houston , died after consuming DNP that she 'd bought over the internet . Her father said : ` For those who are selling it , if you have any ounce of decency , you must stop . ' In 2004 the UK Food Standards Agency advised consumers not to take any product containing DNP at any level : `` This chemical is not suitable for human consumption . '' All sorts of promises are made on the internet about DNP . But if something sounds too good to be true , then it probably is n't . In the case of 2,4-dinitrophenol , it 's also deadly .