An arrest warrant has been issued for disgraced AFL premiership player Ben Cousins after he failed to appear in a Perth court on traffic offences . Cousins , 36 , has been on bail and was due to face Fremantle Magistrates Court on Wednesday morning but he did not appear . His lawyer claimed the former West Coast Eagles captain had conflicting medical appointments , and said he had a photograph of the document , but the court requires a hard copy . The magistrate had ordered Cousins to produce written evidence of the conflicting appointments before 4 pm WST or an arrest warrant would be issued . Scroll down for video . Ben Cousins , 36 , who has a history of substance abuse , has made headlines several times in the past fortnight after a string of alleged incidents . The 2005 Brownlow medallist was arrested on March 11 after allegedly leading police on a low speed chase from Bicton to Mosman Park . He was charged with reckless driving , failing to stop and refusing a breath test . Just before 4 pm , a spokeswoman at the court confirmed an arrest warrant had been issued . The 2005 Brownlow medallist was arrested on March 11 after allegedly leading police on a low speed chase from Bicton to Mosman Park . He was charged with reckless driving , failing to stop and refusing a breath test . Cousins has twice been hospitalised for mental health assessments following that incvident - the first time after he breached security at an SAS base in Swanbourne . The second time followed seemingly bizarre behaviour in Canning Vale , including climbing on the roof of a house . The former West Coast Eagles captain has not been charged over those incidents . Cousins retired from the AFL in 2010 . He was arrested on March 11 after police saw him driving erratically in Bicton and was eventually caught several suburbs away in Mosman Park . Cousins played 270-games with West Coast and Richmond during his career in the Australian Football League . Ben Cousins and former partner Maylea Tinecheff pictured on a New Idea magazine cover in 2011 . Footage emerged this week showing Cousins running through the streets away from police . Cousins was spotted climbing onto the roof of a two-storey home in Perth on Monday . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .