A woman is set to marry after falling in love with the driver who crashed into her car while she was parked waiting for her husband to return . Ranette Afonso , 42 , will marry Marko Conte , 30 , this October after they fell head over wheels in love and moved in together within two months of the fateful bump . Ranette , from north London , who has a 21-year-old son and 18-year-old daughter with the husband from whom she is now divorced , said : ` I was waiting for my husband , who had popped into the bank , when I noticed a sporty Nissan Skyline trying to squeeze into a tiny space behind me . Ranette Afonso , 42 -LRB- right -RRB- , is set to marry Marko Conte , 30 -LRB- left -RRB- , in October after they met thanks to a car accident in August 2013 . Ranette -LRB- pictured left -RRB- was married at the time of the accident , but her and Marko -LRB- pictured right -RRB- began dating shortly after her marriage ended . ` I felt a massive thud and I knew a car had crashed into me - I was fuming . ` When Marko stepped out I was angry with him for being so careless . The car is his pride and joy so we spent a few minutes arguing with each other about who was to blame . ` At the same time , I found him really attractive and as we swapped insurance and contact details - I could somehow tell the feeling was mutual . ' Ranette 's 20-year marriage was already coming to an end by the time Marko unexpectedly came into her life at the end of August 2013 . Ranette , a laywer , said : ` We had been together for a long time , but we had reached the end of our marriage . We both knew it . ` As I drove back home with my husband beside me I could n't get Marko out of my mind . Five days after the incident I sent him an email asking how is bumper was and , before I knew it , we were texting each other regularly . Marko 's car suffered notable damage after crashing into Ranette 's parked car back in August 2013 . After the accident , the pair exchanged insurance and contact details and began to text regularly . ` I soon discovered that we had so much in common and , as things were not going so well between my husband , I found myself drifting closer and closer towards Marko . ' Two days later Marko was surprised when Ranette sent him a text telling him she had suddenly split from her husband . Marko , a car hire company owner , invited her to stay with him while she made arrangements for her new life . He said : ` It was completely unexpected . After she arrived on my doorstep we had one of the best weekends of my life . ` There was so much passion between us - I knew we had a connection . We 're both passionate people . ' Ranette eventually moved in with her sister but still saw Marko frequently on dates . And they continued sending each other flirty texts using the contact numbers they had swapped for insurance purposes . Lawyer Ranette Afonso , 42 -LRB- pictured -RRB- was married at the time of the accident , but had been growing apart from her first husband of 20 years . On the couple 's third date , Marko -LRB- pictured left -RRB- surprised Ranette -LRB- pictured right -RRB- by asking her to marry him . On their third date , just two months after the smash , Marko surprised Ranette by asking her to marry him . She said : ` We were having an incredible time in the nightclub and then - when I least expected it - Marko popped the big question and asked me to marry him . ` My initial response was ` did he actually say that ? ' I thought that he was trying to see my reaction . ` But when I discovered that it was a genuine proposal , I did n't think twice about saying `` yes '' . ` Sometimes you just know when something feels right and that was definitely one of those moments . ' Wild ride : Ranette is pictured sitting in the very same car that Marko crashed , which underwent a green paint-job following the accident . The pair moved in together in October 2013 and Ranette 's divorce from her ex-husband was finalised two months later . She said : ` My close family want me to be happy so they have supported my decision to marry Marko . ` My friends thought I was crazy - particularly as it happened so fast - but now they understand . ' Marko said : ` Everything has happened so quick . It 's been such a crazy ride . At first I thought it was going to be casual but I am glad that we 're now engaged . The happy pair , from Edmonton Green , north London , were engaged just two months after the car accident and are hoping to get married this October . ` We have found something really special . ' Ranette said : ` I am so happy that Marko crashed in to me on that day . ` Both of our birthdays are in October so we 're hoping that we can get married then . ` It will be the first time for me to finally meet Marko 's family from Italy so it will definitely be an exciting occasion . ' He said : ` We have n't made any honeymoon plans just yet but we are planning to travel the world , from Italy to South Africa . '