A married couple were killed in a light aircraft crash as they made a surprise visit to see family during the holiday weekend . David and Margaret-Ann Rous were on an Easter getaway when their private plane crashed into hills during bad weather in the Scottish highlands . The pair had arranged a secret visit using Mr Rous 's light aircraft to see his wife 's mother and sister on an island in the Inner Hebrides on Saturday . Newlyweds : Dr Margaret-Ann and David Rous died when their light aircraft crashed into a Scottish hillside while flying from their home in Dundee to make a surprise to see family on the the Hebridean isle of Tiree . Tragedy : The couple -- who had been married for less than a year -- were found in the wreckage of the aircraft . But when the couple failed to turn up at the island 's airstrip and radar contact could not be made with the plane , a search party was scrambled . The wreckage of the plane and the couple 's bodies were found in hills in Argyll six hours later as aviation experts said the flight may have encountered poor visibility . Shocked residents on the island of Tiree paid tribute to the ` wonderful ' Dr Rous , 37 , who had been married to the 28-year-old structural engineer for three years . The couple , who are understood to have been planning a family and to move into a larger property , can be seen revelling in married life in photographs posted online . Alongside images of their honeymoon in Venice , one poignant photograph , posted only months before the crash , shows the smiling couple wearing headsets in a plane cockpit . Dr Rous 's sister Johann yesterday described the GP as her ` absolute rock ' , and said learning about the crash led to ` the hardest day of my life ' . Dr Rous met her husband when he visited Tiree , where she grew up , several years ago . Lives cut short : It is understood the couple were moving to a larger house and were planning to start a family . The couple lived in a £ 260,000 semi-detached house in Newport-on-Tay , just across the river from Dundee where Dr Rous worked as a family doctor . Neighbours said that despite Mr Rous often working away from home , the couple frequently held parties for them to make friends . Dr John Holliday , Tiree 's local doctor for almost 30 years , said : ` I had known Margaret-Ann since the 1980s . She captivated everyone that knew her . She was absolutely gorgeous in every way . She became a much-loved GP in Dundee and I have no doubt that she was a wonderful doctor with her charm and great empathy . Surprise visit to see family : The couple were flying in Mr Rous 's Piper Cherokee from Dundee , where they lived , to Tiree , where Dr Rous grew up , to spend the weekend with her mother and sister . Scouring the landscape : A Coastguard search and rescue helicopter , a Royal Navy helicopter from HMS Gannet and an air ambulance were all scrambled to make a search after radar contact with the plane was lost . ` She immediately touched the hearts of everyone who came into contact with her . ' Paying tribute to Mr Rous , originally from Gillingham in Kent , he added : ` He was a really nice man and a very talented structural engineer with a bright professional career ahead of him . ` Together they made a fine couple . We can only imagine what the family must be suffering . ` A cloud has fallen over Tiree , but the island community will come together as it always does at times like this . ' Private jet : The couple were flying in a Piper Cherokee light aircraft -LRB- like the one above -RRB- when tragedy struck . The tragedy unfolded after the couple set off from Dundee Airport in Mr Rous 's single-engine Piper Cherokee plane on Saturday . Radar contact was lost at around 1.50 pm as they travelled over the remote Beinn nan Lus area of Glen Kinglass . Coastguard and Royal Navy helicopters , as well as an air ambulance , were called , and found the wreckage at 8 pm on the northern side of Glen Kinglass , above Loch Etive . The Air Accidents Investigation Branch is now examining possible causes of the crash . Local aviation expert David Howitt said that the conditions were poor at the time , adding : ` I have been taking weather readings here for 50 years , and on Saturday the weather was very , very dubious . There was some very poor visibility . ' Iain MacKinnon , part of the coastguard team that searched the area , said : ` At the loch surface it was almost perfect visibility , but in terms of using the rescue helicopters they were very restricted . '