It 's no secret celebrities spend thousands upon thousands of dollars on maintaining their looks . From bloody ` vampire facials ' to placenta serums and of course plastic surgery - the fountain of youth runs deep . But an app is now trying to cut through all the cosmetics to determine exactly how old a person looks based on a picture . The website , called How old do I look , it allows people to analyse any image found on Bing , Microsoft 's search engine , or upload their own . It even allows users to search for celebrities - and see what Microsoft thinks their real ages are . Scroll down for video . Looking good : The app , by Microsoft , believed that 69-year-old Helen Mirren - lauded for her youthful appearance and character - was actually 55 . The site was able to accurately guess Kim Kardashian 's age as 34 , but thought 37-year-old Kanye West was actually 38 - while a woman in the background of the image was deemed to be just six-years-old . On-point : Modern Family star Sofia Vergara apparently looks 13 years younger than 42 , while President Barrack Obama looks as he is - 53 . ` This may be hard to believe but it took a couple of developers just a day to put this whole solution together , starting with the pipeline from the web page to the Machine Learning APIs to the real time streaming analytics and real time B , ' said Microsoft . It designed to site to show off the capabilities of its cloud server software . It revealed the site today at its annual Build developers conference in San Francisco . ` We wanted to create an experience that was intelligent and fun could capture the attention of people globally , so we looked at the APIs available in the Azure Machine Learning Gallery , ' it said . The system works by analysing 27 points on the face . Called face landmarks , they are a series of specifically detailed points on a face ; typically points of face components like the pupils , canthus or nose . ` These attributes are predicted by using statistical algorithms and may not always be 100 % precise . Oops : The site incorrectly guessed 30-year-old Khloe Kardashian is actually 44 . David Beckham , 39 , sporting a full beard , was recognized as being 45 by the system , while 49-year-old model Cindy Crawford registered as 40 . Madonna came out of the software well , being 37 - far below her real age of 56 - while it failed to recognise Taylor Swift at all . 21 year old singer Ariana Grande was recognised as being 27 - while a logo for a beauty product was spotted as a 15 year old girl . Not bad : Even with his graying beard , Brad Pitt , 51 , managed to look two years younger . ` However , they are still helpful when you want to classify faces by these attributes . ` Face landmarks are a series of specifically detailed points on a face ; typically points of face components like the pupils , canthus or nose . Face landmarks are optional attributes that can be analyzed during face detection . By default , there are 27 predefined landmark points . The system works by analysing 27 points on the face -LRB- right -RRB- . Called face landmarks , they are a series of specifically detailed points on a face ; typically points of face components like the pupils , canthus or nose . ` These attributes are predicted by using statistical algorithms and may not always be 100 % precise . ` However , they are still helpful when you want to classify faces by these attributes.Face landmarks are a series of specifically detailed points on a face ; typically points of face components like the pupils , canthus or nose . The Face API has a demo page that uses the API to detect and extract information about faces in a photograph , and the team decide to work with this to create a site they hoped would go viral . ` We found the ability of the face API to estimate age and gender to be particularly interesting and chose this aspect of it for our project . ' ` To make the experience more fun we used the face API alongside the Bing Search API from the Azure marketplace to create . ' Family album : The site can even identify groups of poeple . It allows people to age and sex any image found on Bing , Microsoft 's search engine , or upload their own .