Jeremy Clarkson , James May and Richard Hammond today held talks with Top Gear executive producer Andy Wilman - just hours before it was sensationally announced he had quit the BBC . The resignation marks another blow for the hugely-popular show , which has been marred by uncertainty since Clarkson was axed last month following a ` fracas ' with a producer . It means Mr Wilman , a childhood friend of Clarkson who helped revamp Top Gear into the Corporation 's most successful programme , is now free to reunite with the team on a rival channel . There is widespread speculation that the men are working on a new motoring series to be aired by Netflix , Amazon or another British broadcaster - in what would be a nightmare scenario for the BBC . Scroll down for video . Back together : Jeremy Clarkson -LRB- left -RRB- is seen with his Top Gear colleagues James May -LRB- centre -RRB- and Richard Hammond -LRB- right -RRB- outside his west London flat , in their first public appearance since he was sacked . Discussions : Top Gear executive producer Andy Wilman -LRB- front centre -RRB- was also present at the meeting today , just hours before it was sensationally announced he had quit the BBC , in what is another blow for the show . Presenters : May had earlier said the BBC would be ` stupid ' to try a version of the hit motoring show with ` a surrogate Jeremy ' , Richard Hammond and himself - adding that the idea was a ` non-starter ' Something to smile about ? The presenter looked in high spirits as he left the property with Mr Wilman . A BBC spokesman would not comment on the producer 's resignation other than to confirm it . Put it there : Hammond and Clarkson shake hands as they part ways on a west London street . The men were photographed today outside Clarkson 's home in west London - their first public appearance together since the presenter was dropped from Top Gear - before moving on to a pub . Earlier today , May ruled out returning to Top Gear without Clarkson , insisting it would be ` lame ' with a new presenter in place of his sacked co-host . The 52-year-old said the BBC would be ` stupid ' to try a version of the programme with ` a surrogate Jeremy ' , Hammond and himself - adding that the idea was a ` non-starter ' . His comments mean that if the show does return next year , it will likely be with an entirely new presenting team . Both May and Hammond saw their contracts finish last month . Casual : Speaking today , May , pictured tonight , said he had just been ` having a pint ' with his co-stars . May told The Guardian : ` Me and Hammond with a surrogate Jeremy is a non-starter , it just would n't work . That would be lame , or `` awks '' as young people say . ` It has to be the three of us . You ca n't just put a surrogate Jeremy in and expect it to carry on . It would be forced . I do n't believe they would be stupid enough to try that . ` It does n't mean I wo n't go back - we may all go back in the future . It might just be we have a break from it . I do n't know . It would be a bloody tough call to do Top Gear without Jeremy . ' Former X Factor host Dermot O'Leary , model Jodie Kidd and Great British Bake Off host Sue Perkins have all been named as possible replacements for Clarkson . Speaking after the meeting today , May said he had just been ` having a pint ' with his co-stars and Mr Wilman , adding that he still did n't know what he would do in the future . This evening , a BBC spokeswoman confirmed that Mr Wilman , Top Gear 's longstanding executive producer and Clarkson 's right-hand man , had handed bosses his resignation . She would not say whether or not the decision was related to the outspoken presenter . It comes just weeks after an email from Mr Wilman to colleagues titled ` au revoir ' was leaked . In the email , the 52-year-old , who has made millions from the show , congratulated staff on making ` one of the most iconic programmes in TV history ' . ` At least we left 'em wanting more . And that alone , when you think about it , is quite an achievement for a show that started 13 years ago , ' he wrote . After the email was leaked , Mr Wilman announced publicly that it had not been a resignation . The revelations today come after BBC2 boss Kim Shillinglaw , who has been tasked with finding a replacement for Clarkson on Top Gear , said the presenter ` will be back on the BBC ' at some point . Leaving : Hammond arrived at the flat first , before May came in a BMW car - followed by Mr Wilman 's arrival . Waving : It comes a day after BBC2 boss Kim Shillinglaw , who has been tasked with finding a replacement for Clarkson -LRB- left -RRB- on Top Gear , said the 55-year-old presenter ` will be back on the BBC ' at some point . Keeping mum : The group has not yet revealed whether it will work together on another car programme . Miss Shillinglaw also confirmed Clarkson 's final Top Gear scenes will be screened later this year and she was not thinking of his replacement ` in terms of gender ' . Clarkson was sacked by the BBC after an ` unprovoked physical and verbal ' attack in North Yorkshire that left his victim , Top Gear producer Oisin Tymon , in need of hospital treatment . The star was suspended last month when he became the subject of an internal BBC investigation after he attacked Mr Tymon , 36 , splitting his lip and verbally abusing him . Clarkson 's contract was not renewed , with director-general Tony Hall saying at the time ` a line has been crossed ' and ` there can not be one rule for one and one rule for another ' . Hosts : Clarkson -LRB- centre - with fellow presenters Richard Hammond , left , and May , right -RRB- was sacked by the BBC after an ` unprovoked physical and verbal ' attack that left his victim in need of hospital treatment . Victim : Clarkson was suspended last month when he became the subject of an internal BBC investigation after he attacked Top Gear producer Oisin Tymon -LRB- pictured -RRB- , 36 , splitting his lip and verbally abusing him . Clarkson said he considered turning his back on presenting altogether in the immediate fall-out from the incident , but has since stated that he expects to present another TV show on cars in the future . Earlier this month , North Yorkshire Police said that following an investigation Clarkson would face no further police action over his attack on the producer at a hotel in Hawes . Meanwhile , Clarkson revealed in a newspaper column earlier this month that he was told by a doctor that he might have cancer , two days before assaulting Mr Tymon . Top Gear - which is said to generate about £ 50million a year for BBC Worldwide - is viewed by more than six million viewers on BBC2 and watched in more than 200 countries . DERMOT O'LEARY -LRB- 6/4 -RRB- . Bookmakers ' favourite O'Leary , 41 , is currently being lined up to host a different prime-time BBC One motoring show - after ending his eight-year stint as host of ITV 's The X Factor last month . PHILIP GLENISTER -LRB- 11/4 -RRB- . Car enthusiast Glenister , 52 , known for playing a politically-incorrect police detective in TV series Life on Mars , is presenting the second series of For the Love of Cars on Channel 4 . JODIE KIDD -LRB- 5/1 -RRB- . The 36-year-old model owns a number of cars , co-presents The Classic Car Show on Channel 5 and achieved one of the fastest lap times as a Top Gear ` Star in a Reasonably-Priced Car ' . GUY MARTIN -LRB- 13/2 -RRB- . The 33-year-old motorcycle star made Channel 4 programme Speed , and said last month : ` I do n't want to try and be the man who replaced Jeremy Clarkson , but never say never . ' Favourites : Presenter Dermot O'Leary , actor Philip Glenister , model Jodie Kidd and motorcyclist Guy Martin . CHRIS EVANS -LRB- 8/1 -RRB- . BBC Radio 2 host Evans , 49 , another well-known car enthusiast , has been tipped as a favourite - but told listeners last month that claims he would replace Clarkson were ` absolute nonsense ' . SUE PERKINS -LRB- 10/1 -RRB- . Great British Bake Off host Sue Perkins , 45 , was named as the favourite a fortnight ago , but this prompted a barrage of abusive tweets from ` blokes wishing me dead ' , which saw her quit Twitter . STEPHEN FRY -LRB- 14/1 -RRB- . QI presenter Stephen Fry , 57 , has appeared on Top Gear twice - but has been repeatedly prosecuted for speeding and managed to crash and write off the Reasonably-Priced Car . STEVE COOGAN -LRB- 14/1 -RRB- . A tongue-in-cheek petition signed by more than 34,000 people is calling on the BBC to hire fictional broadcaster Alan Partridge - played by 49-year-old Coogan - as the new presenter . Fifth to eight : Chris Evans , Sue Perkins , Stephen Fry and Steve Coogan are also said to be in the running . Odds supplied by bookmaker Paddy Power .