Married father-of-two Steven Christopher Costa , from Devon , plans to head to Iraq to fight against ISIS . A married father-of-two is set to leave his home in Devon to fight against ISIS in Iraq because jihadis ` need to be put down like rabid dogs ' . Steven Christopher Costa , 31 , plans to head out to the Middle East next month to join the war against the terrorists , leaving his wife and young children behind . Mr Costa , who spent six years in the Navy , will make the 4,000-mile trip after raising the cash to pay for flights . He said : ` When you have a rabid dog , you take it to the vet and put it down . ` Lots of people have said it 's an admirable thing I am doing . I think it 's a necessary thing . ' When he arrives in Iraq , Mr Costa will join up with Kurdish fighters and other foreign ex-servicemen who have joined the battle against the barbaric Islamists . The former seaman was recruited through the Foreign Fighters Against ISIS Facebook group , who help ex-military personnel make the journey to ISIS-controlled territory . He has applied for a visa and plans to fly to northern Iraq via Jordan . Mr Costa said he will take his own life if he is ever captured by the terrorists because he does not want his children to see him being executed in a Jihadi John-style video . ` I will be saving a bullet or keeping a grenade strapped to my chest , ' he said . ` If I get captured , I will pull the pin and take my life so there will be nothing for them to parade in any propaganda videos . ` I wo n't be burnt alive and I certainly wo n't be beheaded . I do n't want my kids to see that in 10 years ' time on the internet , because it will still be there . ` I am not going to lie , I am frightened . And anyone who says they are not is lying . ' When he arrives in Iraq , Mr Costa will join up with Kurdish fighters and other foreign ex-servicemen who have joined the battle against the barbaric Islamists -LRB- file picture -RRB- . Previous attempts by people to go out to fight ISIS have led to them being arrested for terror offences , but Mr Costa says this will not happen to him . He said : ` I 'm going to join the Kurdish Peshmerga - not a terror group - who some European countries are funding and sending weapons to . ` There are a few groups of former soldiers out there so I 'll be fine . I 'm going as a volunteer , not a mercenary , so I do n't think I 'll be stopped . I 'm not being paid . ' The former military man added : ` Not seeing my kids is my biggest fear before death . ` People are going to have to give their lives to stop ISIS and if one of them has to be me , then so be it . Mr Costa -LRB- pictured -RRB- will leave his wife and children behind to fight against ISIS for three months . ` I am not doing it for any monetary gain and I am not doing it for fame . ` My wife was not impressed when I told her , but she understands . ` The war that 's happening over there will happen over here . It 's just a matter of how long it will be before it comes here . ' Steven said he aims to fight against the extremists for three months before returning to his family . ` If I have committed to something , I have to see it through , ' he said . Otherwise it would bug me for the rest of my life . ' Terror police warned Mr Costa against the trip but do not have the power to stop him leaving unless they suspect of him of carrying out an offence . Detective Sergeant Martin Lakey from the South West Counter Terrorism Intelligence Unit , said : ` Whilst it is not illegal to travel to countries such as Syria and Iraq , if your activities amount to offences against UK terrorism legislation , you could be prosecuted on return to the UK . ` Where there is a creditable likelihood of any British national travelling to high-risk area including Syria and Iraq , we will try to work with that person to ensure that they are fully aware of the risks , including highlighting the threat of kidnapping , and the effect of their travelling to fight could have on friends and family back in the UK . ` Our security advice is always in line with guidance given out by the Home Office in relation to foreign travel advice to high-risk areas . ' Sir Edward Garnier QC , the former Solicitor General , warned last year that Britons who fight against terrorists in the Middle East would be interviewed by the police on their return . He told Radio 4 's Today programme : ` We are in a terrible grey area , not least because we do n't know enough about what they are doing . ` The United Kingdom is trying to defeat Isil . But freelancers are not acting on behalf of the United Kingdom . They may well be guilty of murder , or other sorts of crimes , or they might not be guilty of anything . ` It goes to the general story who go abroad to fight in other people 's wars place themselves not only in physical danger , but in that legal limbo land where they could , if they get on the wrong side of this almost invisible line , into trouble when they get home . '