The leading critic of Conservative Party plans to give housing association tenants a right to buy herself lives in a £ 1million house . As director of policy and external affairs at the National Housing Federation , Ruth Davison has been leading the campaign to prevent millions of people getting a real chance of owning their own homes . But just as she did not advertise the fact that she is a member of her local Labour party in Islington , North London , neither has she revealed just how comfortable her own house is . Hypocrite ? Ruth Davison , leading critic of David Cameron 's plan to extent the right to buy scheme is a Labour party member and the owner of a £ 1million house in Islington , London . In reality she has been one of the country 's biggest gainers from the private property boom . She also earned hefty salaries in public bodies for years when Labour was in power . Miss Davison , 44 , and husband Chris Bailey , 47 , who describes himself as an ` urban regenerator , non-profit board member and social entrepreneur ' , bought a large terrace house in Islington for £ 440,000 ten years ago . It has now rocketed to more than £ 1million in value . Promise : David Cameron and the Conservatives plan to extend ` right to buy ' from council houses to housing association properties if they win . Yet on behalf of the fat-cat housing association bosses she speaks for , Miss Davison has been across the newspapers and broadcasters this week fighting to stop the Conservative election campaign proposal to extend ` right to buy ' legislation from council house tenants to the 2.7 million people living in housing association properties . Under the scheme , housing association tenants would receive discounts of tens of thousands of pounds on the market value of their homes . Miss Davison told the BBC in response to the Tory right-to-buy plans on Tuesday that it was wrong to effectively give money to ` some of the most securely housed people in the country on some of the lowest rents ' . She added : ` We are independent organisations and charities -- you can no more force a housing association to sell their assets at less than they 're worth than you can force Tesco , or even Cancer Research . ' So housing associations would have to be fully recompensed for any sale . There will be a cost to the taxpayer . ' Miss Davison 's first major taxpayer-funded role under Labour was at the Audit Commission , with other senior roles at Bedford and Hertfordshire Strategic Health Authority and the National Patient Safety Agency . Last night Miss Davison said : ` The price of a family house is now beyond the reach of many -- I could n't afford to buy my home now . ` We need to build more homes of all types to make housing more affordable for everyone , not just give money away to the lucky few . '