A transgender woman killed herself after being taunted in the street for being different , an inquest heard . Mikki Nicholson , who was a national Scrabble champion , stepped in front of a train , on November 7 last year after suffering daily verbal abuse in Carlisle , Cumbria . The 36-year-old had planned a move to Newcastle , where she had hoped people would be more accepting . But she changed her mind months before her death after being told she risked homelessness if she left her social housing . Mikki Nicholson , who was a national Scrabble champion , stepped in front of a train , on November 7 last year after suffering daily verbal abuse in Carlisle , Cumbria . Above , Ms Nicholson preparing for a game in 2009 . The inquest heard how she was receiving psychiatric treatment in the months before her death , and had spent time as an inpatient at the Carleton Clinic . Above , flowers left in tribute at the crossing where she died . Ms Nicholson , who was once ranked as the fourth-best Scrabble player in the world , was born male but identified as a woman . The inquest heard how she was receiving psychiatric treatment in the months before her death , and had spent time as an inpatient at Carlisle 's Carleton Clinic . After she was discharged , she was supported by psychiatric nurse Clive Guyo . Mr Guyo said that she clung to the hope that her life would be improved by leaving Carlisle , according to the News and Star . He said : ` Mikki described Carlisle as being hostile to people who are different . She spoke of facing verbal abuse while walking in the streets because of how she appeared to other people . ` Schoolchildren were often the worst for making fun of her and verbally abusing her . Ms Nicholson , pictured before the championships in 2009 , had planned a move to Newcastle , where she had hoped people would be more accepting . But she changed her mind after being told she risked homelessness . ` She had a negative view of Carlisle based on past experience . There 's no doubt she felt stigmatised . ' The inquest heard that Ms Nicholson wanted to move to Newcastle , but was told she would be considered ` intentionally homeless ' if she left her Carlisle flat , which was temporary housing . The classification would make it hard to find social housing elsewhere . She had no money for a deposit or to rent privately . Ms Nicholson , who was crowned both UK and European Scrabble champion , became increasingly unhappy in the months before her death , the inquest heard . She was killed instantly when she stepped in front of a train . Coroner David Roberts said Ms Nicholson had been well supported by the psychiatric services , recording a conclusion that she had deliberately killed herself . Jonathan Hammond , a local resident , was on a footpath next to the line at the time of the incident and witnessed the death , according to the News and Star . Ms Nicholson was described as ` fiercely intelligent ' . Above , tributes at the crossing where she died . Rebecca Mellor , a close friend , said : ` Mikki was fiercely intelligent . She had a vivacious character and explored her gender identity . ` She frequently felt at odds with the world because of her high level of intelligence and gender identity . ' Cumbria Partnership Trust , who provided Mikki psychiatric care , will now discuss the issue of specialist support for transgender people in Cumbria as a result of this tragedy .