Penny Davison , 59 , the ex-wife of a professional gambler and racehorse trainer , has launched a bid for a bigger slice of his legacy , claiming he avoided a huge tax bill by dying . The ex-wife of a professional gambler and racehorse trainer has launched a bid for a bigger slice of his legacy , claiming he avoided a huge tax bill by dying . Albert Davison made a fortune by landing a series of six-figure bets on his own horses . When he died , aged 73 , he owned a seven-bedroom country estate in Surrey which had been valued at £ 4.25 million . But before he died , in 2011 , he and his second wife Penny Ann Davison , 59 , fought a bitter battle through the divorce courts for four years over his fortune , before she was awarded just £ 750,000 . A judge found that Mr Davison had squandered millions of his winnings through ` wasteful expenditure ' and ` bad decision making . ' But now his beautician ex-wife has now appeared back in court , seeking to boost her slice to more than £ 1million by claiming his death has freed up more of his cash by allowing him to avoid a huge tax bill . Lord Justice Patten , Lord Justice Briggs and Lady Justice King , sitting at London 's Appeal Court , heard that the couple met in 1989 and enjoyed a relationship for five years before marrying in 1994 . They had two children before separating in 1999 . Divorce proceedings were started by Mrs Davison in 2005 and the battle over the division of the matrimonial assets dragged on for four years . Mr Davison had put the family racing stables , and seven-bedroom detached former matrimonial home at Tillingdown Farm , near Woldingham , into a complex structure of offshore companies and trusts and denied that he had any stake in the property . His lawyers argued that the farm into which he had sunk his gambling fortune was all held in trust for Zoe Davison , his daughter from his first marriage , and his two children from his marriage to Mrs Davison . However , divorce judge , Mrs Justice Baron , ordered the trust controlling the farm to pay out a £ 756,000 lump sum to Mrs Davison . In her ruling , the judge said the divorce had ` a tragically long history ' and had run up ` mammoth ' legal costs . She said the late Mr Davison was a ` very successful gambler ' and ` excellent ' trainer in the late 1970s early 1980s . Hawthorne Glen with Albert Davison after winning at Folkestone . Mr Davison made a fortune by landing a series of six-figure bets on his own horses . When he died , aged 73 , he owned a seven-bedroom country estate in Surrey which had been valued at £ 4.25 million . ` I found the husband to be a charming rogue . I liked him ' , the judge said , but added : ` Despite that I consider that he is a shrewd and manipulative individual who told me many untruths . ` His habitual modus operandi is to ignore authority and do things his way and on his terms ' . She also dubbed Mr Davison ` a master of the betting coup ' , saying that , in December 1978 , a gamble at Leicester was alleged to have netted him the equivalent of £ 1m in today 's money . ` There were other six-figure betting coups and he became notorious as a successful punter ' , she said . The judge said Zoe , also a racehorse trainer , was ` a devoted daughter who was very supportive of her father ' , who had been generous to her , assisting her with money and advice . Mrs Davison she described as ` bright and amusing ' and ` a resourceful woman ' . However the judge limited her payout because her ex-husband faced multi-million-pound tax demands and had devalued the property by over £ 1m by allowing its use for illegal tipping . Mr Davison had put the family racing stables , and seven-bedroom detached former matrimonial home at Tillingdown Farm , near Woldingham , -LRB- pictured -RRB- into a complex structure of offshore companies and trusts and denied that he had any stake in the property . His lawyers argued that the farm -LRB- pictured -RRB- into which he had sunk his gambling fortune was all held in trust for Zoe Davison , his daughter from his first marriage , and his two children from his marriage to Mrs Davison . Lynsey Cade-Davies , for Mrs Davison , today told the Appeal Court that the gambler 's death had massively reduced his tax liability . She told the judges that a deal had been done with HMRC by one of the companies controlling the dead man 's fortune , which had reduced a £ 2m-plus tax demand to just £ 850,000 . She argued that meant his ex-wife was entitled to an ` uplift ' in her lump sum of up to £ 260,000 , taking her payout above the £ 1m mark . Lawyers representing the trusts which hold the dead man 's wealth , told the judges that the property was sold to new owners in 2013 for £ 3.1 m . But they said that only £ 200,000 now remains in the fund after his debts - including the payout to his wife - had been covered . In an angry outburst outside court , Zoe Davison , who is not a party to the case , accused her former step-mother of trying to mine out the last remains of her inheritance from her father . The mother of four , who runs training stables near East Grinstead , in East Sussex , told Mrs Davison and her lawyers : ` That 's all I 've got left now , a measly £ 200,000 . ` I hope you people are proud of yourselves . ' The judges reserved their decision on Mrs Davison 's appeal , to be delivered at a later date , yet to be set .