A clean-water advocate took an Earth Day swim in New York City 's polluted Gowanus Canal , a site designated by the federal government as especially polluted , but quit less than halfway through . Christopher Swain wore a protective yellow suit as he went over a railing and into the water around 2 pm Wednesday in Brooklyn but completed only two-thirds of a mile of the 1.8-mile waterway . He swam about an hour into the canal in a stunt to urge environmental clean up that ultimately succumbed to the water 's pollution because the experience was like ` swimming ` in a dirty diaper ' . Christopher Swain , a clean-water activist , embarked on a 1.8-mile swim in the toxic Gowanus Canal , which has been designated as especially polluted by the Environmental Protection Agency , to urge its cleanup . The swimmer , who quit two-thirds of a mile into the swim , gargled hydrogen peroxide periodically to prevent contaminated water from getting down his throat . Swain , who has previously swam the Hudson and Columbia Rivers , said that cleanup of the Gowanus Canal , which was labelled as a Superfund site by the EPA , should be accelerated . ` It 's probably the safest move at this point , ' he said , according to Reuters , but pledged to swim the whole canal one day . ` I want to make it clear , no one is telling me to stop , ' Swain continued , and said that impending bad weather played a role in his decision . The activist said ` It 's not safe to swim in there , ' according to Gothamist . He said that the water tasted ` Like mud , poop , ground-up grass , detergent and gasoline ' . The 19th-century canal was once a major transportation route , but it 's now so polluted with industrial and sewer discharges that it must , by law , be cleaned up . The federal Environmental Protection Agency says contaminates include PCBs , which were banned in the US in 1979 . It warned Swain against taking the swim , posting a message on its Twitter account saying that it ` strongly advises AGAINST swimming ' in the strip of water . The agency issued guidelines in 2011 saying that people should ` never swim in the canal ' , which runs over 1 1/2 miles through a narrow industrial zone near increasingly wealthy neighborhoods in Brooklyn . It urged anyone who came in contact with the water to seek medical attention immediately if they felt sick . Crowds gathered on bridges along the Gowanus Canal in Brooklyn as Swain was accompanied by a woman in a red kayak . The activist has previously swam the Hudson River in New York and the Columbia River in Washington to bring attention to water issues . Swain waves to the crowds who came to see him swim but were disappointed when he only made it two-thirds of a mile . A baby whale once got lost in the canal in 2007 and died within two days . After heavy rainstorms excess water from the sewer system flows in the canal , where raw sewage and human excrement that mixes into its normal mix of petroleum products and other chemicals . An estimated 377million gallons of diluted raw sewage pour into the canal each year . ` There 's a lot of poop in there , ' Swain said after his swim , according to the New York Post . Dissolved arsenic in the water is thought to be at a level 60 times higher than that harmful to human health . A baby whale became lost in the canal in 2007 and was nicknamed Sludgie by locals . It died in two days . After rainstorms it can often be found with raw sewage that mixes into its normal mix of petroleum products and other chemicals . However Swain , who has previously done long swims along the Hudson River in New York and the Columbia in Washington , wanted to call attention to the slow clean up of the canal and urge for it to be accelerated . An estimated 377million gallons of sewage is poured into the Gowanus Canal every year . Above , trash pollutes the Brooklyn inlet in 2013 . The pollution in the Gowanus Canal combines decades of industrial dumping and general trash . It is particularly filthy after rainstorms . He gargled hydrogen peroxide to fight against any bacteria entering his body and had charcoal tablet to take that will help if he did , according to CityLab . Swain told reporters after he got out that he did not swallow any water . He was accompanied by a woman in a kayak , paddling a few feet away from him before he called it quits . Swain posted on Twitter that swimming in the canal is his ` federal right ' under the Clean Water Act of 1972 . Gowanus was labeled a Superfund site in 2010 , with the EPA later saying that cleaning it up would take up to ten years and $ 506million , according to DNA Info . Costs will mostly fall on the city and companies that used to be along the canal such as National Grid . The agency plans on beginning dredging in the canal in 2017 , which involves cleaning out 600,000 cubic yards of contaminated mud . Before Wednesday 's failed effort , Swain also planned on swimming other polluted waters , such as the Bronx River and Newtown Creek , which runs between the boroughs of Brooklyn and Queens . He said he has hope that New York 's polluted waterways will one day be clean enough for swimmers without protective suits . The water advocate claims that it is his ` federal right ' to swim in the canal under the Clean Water Act of 1972 . Cleanup of the Gowanus Canal , where dredging of mud is scheduled to begin in 2017 , is thought to cost $ 506million .