An unemployed woman has her heart set on a ` fairy-tale church wedding ' - and believes the taxpayer should foot the bill as it is her basic human right to be a bride . Anna Broom , of Gillingham , in Kent , has not worked since the age of 19 , during which time she has claimed more than £ 100,000 in benefits . The jobless 33-year-old now wants an extra £ 10,000 to fund her dream ` traditional English wedding and party in a castle ' . Miss Broom is desperate for a church ceremony , designer dress , horse and carriage - ` like Katie Price ' - and champagne for her 50 guests . Scroll down for video . Dream wedding : Miss Broom wants the government to loan her £ 10,000 for her wedding to Jordan Burford . And she wants the taxpayer to stump up a further £ 2,000 for her honeymoon , where she hopes to jet off to Mexico . The Gillingham resident claims it is her ` basic human right ' to be a bride and says that tying the knot would boost her fragile confidence and encourage her to try and find a job again . Miss Broom receives monthly benefits including £ 460 disability living allowance and joint £ 200 housing benefit with fiancé Jordan Burford , 39 , who also gets £ 134 income support a month . The size 24 bride-to-be said : ` I 've dreamed about being a bride since I was 12 years old . ` I deserve a fairy-tale church wedding and a party in a castle - but there 's no way I could afford it on benefits and I ca n't work because I 'm overweight . ' True gent : Miss Broom met her fiancé in a pub in 2009 and said it was ` love at first sight ' - she now wants a ` fairy-tale church wedding and a party in a castle ' as well as a honeymoon in Mexico , paid for by the taxpayer . She added : ` I want the taxpayer to fund my £ 10,000 dream wedding - it 's a basic human right to be a bride . I do n't see why I should have a small wedding at a registry office - I would n't be able to fit in all my guests and a church wedding is far more romantic . ` I 'm stuck in a rut at the moment and ca n't find the motivation to lose weight , but if I was getting married I know I 'd slim down because all eyes would be on me . ' Miss Broom left school without any qualifications and started a job as a nursery nurse aged 16 for two years . She left after being overlooked for a secretarial role by a ` skinny blonde ' and applied for several other jobs , without success . She then lost interest in trying to find work and resorted to binge-eating crisps and sweets . Within a year , Miss Broom weighed 17 stone and in 2001 , aged 19 , was declared unfit to work after suffering from depression and back problems associated with her size . She qualified for benefits and has not worked since . Honeymoon : Miss Broom also wants the government to loan her £ 2,000 for a honeymoon to Mexico -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Bridezilla : The 33-year-old from Gillingham wants to arrive at her wedding in her horse and carriage similar to Katie Price , who arrived in the carriage -LRB- pictured above -RRB- in her wedding to Peter Andre in September 2005 at Highclere Castle , in Hampshire . Jobless : Miss Broom has not worked since 2001 when she was 19 years old after she was declared unfit to work after suffering from depression and back problems associated with her size . But Miss Broom found comfort in her life in the form of fiancé Jordan , who she met in a pub in 2009 . Recalling the moment , she said : ` It was love at first sight . He 's got a lovely smile and he 's a true gent . We have lots in common - we both love heavy metal and Bon Jovi . ' Two years later , he popped the question outside a Primark store . She said : ` The ring is lovely - it has a gold band with a pink stone . ' After getting engaged , the 33-year-old started making plans for the big day after leafing through glossy magazines and watching wedding shows on TV . She said : ` I realised I want a traditional English wedding - a church ceremony , followed by a reception in a castle . ` I dream about arriving in a horse and carriage - like Katie Price ! ' She added : ` I picture myself in a silk dress that shows off my cleavage , as Jordan likes my boobs ! ` I 'd like a long veil and sparkly red designer heels and I want two bridesmaids and flower girls scattering petals down the aisle . ` We 'd serve posh prawn canapes , a roast dinner and champagne . I 'd have around 50 guests with a five-tier cake and a big buffet too . ` I 'd also love a big band and have picked out Savage Garden 's Truly , Madly Deeply for our first dance . ' But she quickly realised she would be unable to foot the bill for her dream wedding . She said : ` I was gutted . We only get £ 800 a month in benefits between us and after we 've paid for bills , a night out at the pub , dog food for our Labrador , cigarettes and the odd kebab , there 's barely anything left . ` I 'd rather not get married than have a cheap do - it 'd only make me unhappy . ' Miss Broom receives monthly benefits including £ 460 disability living allowance and joint £ 200 housing benefit with fiancé Jordan Burford , 39 , who also gets £ 134 income support a month . Mr Burford suffers from epilepsy and has never worked . The total the couple receive equates to £ 794 a month . But Miss Broom says that after ` we 've paid for bills , a night out at the pub , dog food for our Labrador , cigarettes and the odd kebab , there 's barely anything left . ' Now she hopes the government will loan her the money for the big day , as well as her honeymoon in the Mexican sunshine . The 33-year-old admits she will struggle to pay back the full amount and says she 'd prefer to go halves . She said : ` Even if I only got £ 5,000 in vouchers to put towards the wedding , that 'd make life easier . ` Jordan just wants us to get married and only wants a limo and cream suit , but I want to feel like a princess for the day . ' Jonathan Isaby , Chief Executive at The Taxpayers ' Alliance , said : ` The benefit system is a valuable safety net but must not be a comfort blanket . ` People have to finance their own weddings rather than rely on a government loan , which would be funded by the taxpayer , to pick up the tab . '