A jet-setting owl has posted photos from its travels on Facebook after it was ` kidnapped ' from a Nottinghamshire pub . Landlord Richard Stevenson , 32 , had mascot Ollie the Owl snatched from the lounge area of the Admiral Rodney , in Nottingham , last month . He thought the £ 7.99 ornament had been lost forever until he received a letter in the post on March 6 demanding a donation to charity for its safe return . Those responsible for the theft even created a Facebook page to keep fans updated about Ollie 's adventures since being snatched . The owl has been pictured sunning itself on a beach after it was ` kidnapped ' from a Nottingham pub . The wooden ornament even took a trip on the back of a camel on its travels . Incredibly , the wooden statue has already jetted off to Belfast , Benidorm and even Tunisia despite only going missing a month ago . Pictures posted on the ` Oliver Howel ' Facebook page show Ollie sunbathing on a beach towel with an iPod and even taking a ride on the back of a camel . He can also be seen perched on a wall overlooking a beach in Benidorm and is seen sitting on a bar next to pint of Guinness in Belfast . After boarding a plane from the Spanish holiday resort , Ollie teased his owners with a status update saying : ` Hi I 'm off again another plane journey . . This one is going to be hot , keep checking in to see where I am . ' Today , landlord Richard , who runs the pub with partner Christy Jamieson , 28 , said : ` We are missing Ollie but it 's been amazing where he 's been . The £ 7.99 model perches on a stone rail high above a beach in Benidorm . The journey began in Nottingham , pictured here at the National Ice Centre in the city . ` He 's had three holidays already and he 's only been gone for a month . ` I did have a few clues to who had taken him but they found out and apparently passed Ollie on to someone else . ` We also received a card from a child though the post with a donation of £ 1 which has gone to the air ambulance . ' Pub regular John Wiles , 45 , added : ` I ca n't believe he has got as far as Tunisia . He will need his wings clipping . ' The wooden statue is enjoying some sunnier climes than the usual shelf in Nottingham . The owl has had three holidays in less than a month since he was stolen from a pub shelf . Ollie 's kidnappers have also taken the owl to more local locations with pictures of him joining a stag party in a city centre bar and visiting Nottingham Castle . He also posted a picture to his 138 Facebook friends perched on the city 's famous Robin Hood statue as well as another image showing him at an ice hockey game . The bird has also popped in to Ye Olde Trip to Jerusalem - reputed to be the oldest pub in England . Landlord Richard Stevenson and landlady Christy Jamieson of the Admiral Rodney in Nottingham with ransom letters sent to the pub following the ` kidnapping ' of their owl ornament . It 's thirsty work for the owl as it continues to travel around the world ; pictured here at a Belfast bar . The owl has managed to take in some sights of Belfast , visiting the historic places in the Northern Irish capital . Landlord Richard bought Ollie from homeware store The Range 18 months ago when the couple took over the pub . The three-inch ornament is part of a set of three that had sat on a shelf in the pub lounge . In the ransom letter posted to the pub shortly after Ollie went missing , the kidnappers said the bird will be back in time for a charity festival on the August Bank Holiday weekend . The jovial note , which arrived in a brown envelope with a Nottingham postal stamp , stated : ` I have been taken against my will ... kidnapped . The visit to Belfast also brings the opportunity for the owl to read up some history of the city . The owl took the opportunity of freedom to pose for a photo with Nottingham 's most famous resident - Robin Hood . ` I was frightened at first but I really like the people who have taken me from your top shelf . ` I am going to be away for a while , and I am going to travel to lots of different places in England and abroad . ` I 've been sitting on your shelf for too long ... so I am going to find a girlfriend . ' The owl could escape the queues for the Belfast boat tours by flying in , surely ... Richard , who lives above the pub , added : ` It 's a little bit crazy and just a bit weird how it all came about . ` I absolutely wet myself laughing , especially when I got a friend request on Facebook . ` We 've seen a picture of a pink owl , which must be his new girlfriend . I suppose I 'm a bit jealous of his travelling , and the regulars think it 's hilarious . ' Hopefully nobody will mistake the now-famous ornament for recyclable goods ...