Kezzia French , 46 , will hold a second funeral for her baby daughter killed at the hands of her father . A grieving mother will hold a second funeral for her baby daughter tomorrow 16 years after she was killed by her lottery addict father . Kezzia French , 46 , thought she had laid six-month-old Andrea to rest in 1999 , but only found out more than a decade later that police had in fact removed virtually all her vital organs . The little girl died after being flung at a wall by her father , Meyrick Fowler , then 24 , who flew into a rage when his lottery number 's did n't come up at their home in Ipswich , Suffolk . He was convicted of her manslaughter and jailed for four years after throwing her so violently she suffered brain damage and four skull fractures when her crying disturbed his number checking ritual . Andrea 's body was returned to Ms French fully-clothed and a funeral was held shortly after the tragic death in April 1999 . But police failed to tell Ms French she was burying her daughter with much of her body parts missing . It was only two years after a national police audit in 2010 that she received a letter informing her that Andrea 's vital organs were held in a fridge at Addenbrooke 's Hospital in Cambridge . Her liver , spine , bowel , lungs , kidneys , heart , spleen , thymus , stomach , pancreas , trachea and skull fragments had all been retained without Ms French 's consent . She received a further blow this month when police admitted that her brain had been cremated in 2009 , after it had been sent to a hospital in Sheffield for examination , without their knowledge . The organs were stored as police investigated Andrea 's death and kept in case Fowler appealed his sentence . Ms French said : ` After the funeral I felt I could try and move on . But now I feel lied to by everybody . I feel conned by the authorities , they have kept this secret from me for all these years . ` The idea that I buried my girl without her heart and brain has completely broken me . Those are the parts that make a person . What they let me bury was n't my daughter . Kezzia French , pictured holding baby Andrea in 1998 , thought she had laid her to rest in April 1999 after she was tragically killed by her ex-boyfriend Meyrick Fowler . ` There were two detectives at the funeral - and they did n't mention a thing . This revelation has brought all the heartache back again . My world was torn apart . ' Ms French , who went on to have two more children , will hold Andrea 's second funeral at Ipswich Chapel in Suffolk where her remains will be placed on top of her original coffin . She said : ` This whole thing has been like living in a real-life horror movie . I never dreamt that I would have to go through burying my daughter again . ` I feel really upset and angry at the thought of having to go ahead with another funeral . I have had to sign a form to open up her grave which is just awful . ` Once the funeral is over I feel at last I can put everything behind me and try to move on . ` I will feel happier when I know she is with her heart and everything else . I know she 'll finally be a peace . ' She now plans to make a formal complaint to Sheffield Teaching Hospital NHS Foundation Trust , which runs Royal Hallamshire Hospital where Andrea 's brain was destroyed . Ms French -LRB- pictured left , during her pregnancy -RRB- only found out she had buried her daughter with some of her vital organs missing when she received a letter from police in 2012 to inform they were holding her body parts . The most recent letter she received last month informed her that Andrea 's brain had been cremated in 2009 . The Trust 's deputy medical director , Nick Massey , said : ` In 1999 , a member of our pathology staff agreed to provide an opinion on one particular organ at the request of the police . ` We kept the specimens prepared for microscopic examination but we were obliged by new guidelines to dispose of the remainder of the tissue . ` This was ten years after the opinion had been given . It was carried out in a respectful manner and in line with the best practise guidelines of the Human Tissue Authority . ` Subsequently we were contacted by the police in 2012 to whom we then returned the examination specimens that had been retained . ' Ms French has also complained to Addenbrooke 's Hospital , but bosses have said they acted as requested by the police . Andrea 's liver , spine , bowel , lungs , kidneys , heart , spleen , thymus , stomach , pancreas , trachea and skull fragments had all been retained at Addenbrooke 's Hospital , Cambridge , without Ms French 's consent . A Cambridge University Hospitals spokesman said : ` We followed the procedures for storing organs in line with the protocols for police investigations at that time . ' Suffolk Police said : ` In 2010 , all police forces in England , Wales and Northern Ireland were tasked with conducting an audit of any human tissue samples which had been retained as part of criminal investigations that had since been concluded . ` We sought to undertake the notifying of families sensitively , prioritising the wishes of the families affected . ' ACPO guidance now tells police to keep samples for be up to five years or until criminals are released from prison .