Arsenal defender Per Mertesacker has tipped compatriot Jurgen Klopp to make his mark in the Barclays Premier League if he opts to continue his career in England . Klopp , 47 , announced earlier this week that he would end his seven-year stint at Borussia Dortmund when the current season draws to a close , prompting fresh speculation that he could head for the Premier League . Manchester City have already indicated that a man who has also been linked with Manchester United and Arsenal in the past , is not in their sights , but Germany international Mertesacker insists Klopp would be a good fit in the English top flight . Jurgen Klopp has revealed he will be vacating his role as Borussia Dortmund boss at the end of the season . Arsenal vice-captain Per Mertesacker says Klopp would be a top manager in the Premier League . Klopp chats with Dortmund defender Erik Durm during a training session in Dortmund on Wednesday . He said : ` I 've got some nice experiences in the Premier League and of course it would be nice if a German coach would take the challenge of working in the Premier League . ` It 's not so good for Dortmund that he is leaving but hopefully one day he will manage abroad . I think his passion would fit and to see him in England would be very interesting . ` Everyone has their philosophy and I think Jurgen Klopp has proved that he 's top-level and can teach a lot . ' However , Mertesacker insisted Klopp , whose side are 10th in the Bundesliga table , will need time to decide on his future after a largely successful spell in Dortmund which has brought two league titles and a Champions League final appearance . He said : ` I think he should just finish the season with Dortmund and then he should be given time . ` We 'll see what he does next , but I think he 's fought his way out of all situations and I think that this time he will find a path that gives him a new challenge . ` But firstly , I wish him all the best and time to think about his achievements . Sometimes you can underestimate what it 's like going straight into a new job . I think you should give him time - and I wish him all the best . ' Klopp waves to the fans after Dortmund 's Champions League game against Arsenal in November . The German boss has enjoyed a huge amount of success at Dortmund and won the Bundesliga title twice . But for all that a new challenge lies ahead for Klopp , Mertesacker admits he can not work out what has gone wrong to prompt his exit from Borussia . He said : ` It is obviously sad news for Borussia Dortmund , -LSB- he was -RSB- such a passionate successful and passionate manager for them . He was the guy who turned it around at Dortmund . ` The whole situation there - he built the squad on young players and they improved so much in the seven years he was in charge . It is a sad situation . ` But in the summer , it will be a new situation for him . Maybe he is going to go abroad and see how it goes there . ` I would love to see more German managers abroad , because it is obviously a new challenge , to adapt to the culture , the language , the system . Yes , why not ? ` It is his decision . He worked really hard and pushed really hard , so even if he said he is not tired , maybe he takes a bit of breather to fuel his energy and his batteries ? ` But I am curious what happened to him because he was an outstanding figure in the Bundesliga in the last couple of years and always a title contender . They went to the Champions League final . It will be interesting to see what happens in the summer . ' Klopp has been tipped to replace Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger but it remains unlikely .