A cake-making prodigy is set to be the next Mary Berry as she prepares to publish her second cookbook . Amy-Beth Ellice , 17 , from Essex started baking at the age of three and landed her first book deal with her recipe collection Amy 's Baking Year at just 14 . Her second , all about entertaining , is now firmly in the works but the teenager has her sights set even higher - with plans to launch her own baking products and even become a TV chef . Already baking at five years old Amy-Beth -LRB- left -RRB- is pictured with sister Lara-Jayne , 10 . Amy-Beth started baking at three-years-old and published her first cookbook , Amy 's Baking Year , at age 13 . Amy-Beth most recently hosted a cupcake-making class in Harrods , London . Britain 's youngest published baker , who counts Pixie Lott and Katherine Jenkins among her fans , delighted a crowd with her recent demonstration . She then signed copies of her debut cookbook in the Toy Kingdom department for thrilled shoppers . Amy-Beth also has a regular column in OK! magazine and continues to supply other publications with tips and recipes . The keen cook , who attends Newhall School in Chelmsford full-time , makes bespoke baked goods to order in her spare time , during summer holidays and half term . But it seems the talented young baker gets it all from her mother Gillian , who taught Amy and her other daughter Lara-Jayne , 22 , how to make cakes . Amy gets decorating as she shows onlookers how to perfect cupcakes at a London presentation . The young cook pictured with fans at her Harrods book signing and cupcake masterclass . Amy picked up a particular knack for baking and continued to experiment until she soon took full control of the kitchen and the entertaining . Gillian told MailOline : ` When she was little Amy showed an interest and passion , as I did when I was a child , in cooking and baking . ` She watched me cook all meals and bake birthday cakes for many members of our family from scratch . ` I always preferred to make my own cakes as I knew exactly what was going in them , they tasted nicer and they were -LRB- and still are -RRB- much appreciated . ` Amy soon wanted to venture out on her own and at aged 12 she asked if she could bake her sister Lara-Jayne 's cake for her 17th birthday . ` I had planned a simple chocolate sponge cake but Amy , being more adventurous , single-handedly created a two-tiered cake covered in roll-out fondant icing . ` She then decorated it with heart shaped biscuits on sticks , which later became a recipe in her book -LRB- lollipop biscuits -RRB- . ` She has quite literally surpassed me in the kitchen , a fact that I 'm both proud and amazed at . ` It is sometimes hard to get into the kitchen now as Amy is often experimenting with recipes , baking for charity cake sales , or helping preparing for a party or event we are organising . ' Her inventive bakes are remarkable for her age . Amy designed and made a pony-themed cake for a teacher at age 12 . At age 14 she was commissioned by another teacher to make a three-tiered lace effect wedding cake . She finally baked it in chocolate at age 16 using carrot , pineapple and lemon flavours . A mini oven at Christmas could certainly have helped ignite Amy 's passion for cake making . When she was little Amy showed an interest and passion in cooking and baking . Amy launched a cupcake and cake business at age 13 with the help of her mother , as they both thought they could make better cakes than what was already out there . The teenager said : ` I made cupcakes for regular clients as well as celebrity functions and after parties and it grew from there . ` After having seven of my recipes published in a national newspaper weekend supplements , I approached a few publishers with a mock-up of the ideas I had for my book and got the book deal at age 14 . ' Her book , Amy 's Baking Year , features recipes themed around the four seasons and occasions such as for Mother 's Day , Easter , Halloween and Christmas . Amy launched a cupcake and cake business at age 13 with the help of her mother Gillian , as they both thought they could make better cakes than what was already out there . This catapulted Amy into the limelight of the baking world and opened up multiple doors for her . From cute cupcakes , French macarons , cookies , tarts and classic sponge cakes , to sticky puddings , jams and gingerbread - plus Amy 's highly sought after ` perfect cupcake ' recipe - there is an indulgent treat to suit every occasion . With a focus on family , the recipes are designed for both seasoned bakers and young enthusiasts . Amy 's Baking Year features Amy 's selected easy-to-follow recipes themed around the four seasons . The beautifully illustrated book also features tips on the perfect decoration and setting for each bake . She says : ` I have been brought up cooking and baking by my mum who is also a talented home cook and baker , as were her parents who both worked in catering . ' A few of the recipes in the book such as my Grandad 's Coconut Ice , and Aunty Lynn 's Fudge have been passed down to Amy from members of her family . She continues : ` While I was at home experimenting with recipes my friends were spending their time on social media . ` It was something that I was passionate about so really enjoyed spending my time focusing on it . ` I think it 's important that we return to traditional values and that what I try to get across through my cooking . ` The art of cooking and eating healthily is important to me , so I 'm very conscious of the ingredients I cook with , but I think we 're becoming too calorie obsessed . That being said I try not to eat everything I bake . ' She is juggling her lucrative cooking career around studying for her A-levels in English literature , art and music . ` The school I attend does n't offer cookery as an A Level . I hope to go on to train at Le Cordon Bleu in the future after I have finished school . ' Amy says she hopes to have her next cookbook themed around entertaining on bookshelves nationwide by 2017 .