Condition : Jessica Knight ca n't stop eating carpet underlay and the stuffing from soft furnishings . It 's not the first time a child has been accused of eating her parents out of house and home -- but in Jessica Knight 's case , it 's literally true . The four-year-old has an unusual appetite for furniture , soft furnishings and fittings , and doctors say they are unable to treat her . Hardly anything is off the youngster 's menu , with the filling from a rocking horse , padding in an armchair and even carpet underlay taking her fancy . Other non-food items she devours include sand and chips of cement from paving blocks . Jessica suffers from pica , a rare medical disorder that leads to an appetite for non-nutritious substances . It is more commonly recognised among pregnant women , some of whom develop unusual cravings . ` I was really shocked when I realised just how much she was eating . If you lift up the carpet in her room now you can see there is no underlay left , ' said her mother , Kelly Will . ` We are at our wits ' end . We try to keep her busy so she does n't do it , but if we try to stop her she will find a way to do it . ` I 'd have to remove everything from my house , including all chairs and sofas . ' Miss Will , 36 , first noticed the problem when Jessica was two and began eating the filling from a children 's armchair . Staff at her pre-school also spotted her licking her hands and placing them in a sandpit before sucking the grains from her fingers , before tell-tale signs of snack-attacks became clear from the damage to items around the house . Jessica , who has a three-year-old sister , Jennifer , is now allowed to keep a small purse filled with some of the spongy underlay to eat . Cravings : Jessica 's Pica makes her want to eat substances including sponge , sand and even rocks . Worry : Kelly Knight says doctors are unable to treat Jessica until she is six years old . Her mother , who lives in March , Cambridgeshire , with partner Chris Knight , 40 , an engineer , said : ` We 'd rather she ate the underlay because it is non-toxic . If we try and stop her we fear she will eat something with chemicals in it . ' Pica is an eating disorder that is characterised by the desire to eat items with little or no nutritional value . These can include stones , sand , paint and dirt . It is most common in people with learning disabilities and during pregnancy . It can cause a range of serious complications if the person is eating something that is poisonous or indigestible . These include being poisoned by toxic ingredients and having a part of the body obstructed -LRB- which is often seen in people who eat hair -RRB- . It can also lead to excessive calorie intake , but also nutritional deprivation if the person eats a substance with no nutritional value instead of nutritious foods . The person can also damage their teeth and be infected with parasites . Experts have examined Jessica but said they can not intervene until she is six , and old enough to make conscious decisions about what she eats rather than acting on impulse . Fortunately , she does like plain sausages , cheese strings , rice pudding , bread , Weetabix and fish fingers . But her unusual snacks can leave her in agony because they cause stomach cramps and constipation . Despite her tender years , Jessica is aware that her diet is highly unusual , and does worry what people would think of her craving different food . She also shuts her little sister out of their shared room when she is satisfying one of her cravings , saying : ` I do n't want her to be poorly . ' The family will find out this month if Jessica is on the autistic spectrum , which is often linked to pica . The Challenging Behaviour Foundation , a learning problems charity , said : ` It is estimated that four to 26 per cent of people with learning disabilities display pica behaviour . ` Whilst some objects pass through the body without harm , pica can potentially be life-threatening . Risks include vomiting , blockages , choking and poisoning . ' Dr Alison Sansome , clinical director at Cambridgeshire Community Services NHS Trust , added : ` Pica is a complex condition and treatment is dictated by the specific circumstances in each case . ' Damage : Half of the carpet underlay in Jessica 's bedroom has vanished because she has eaten it . Control : Jessica 's parents have given her a purse full of bits of sponge to eat .