Denis Suarez scored a late winner for Sevilla as they came from behind to take control of the Europa League quarter-final tie against Zenit St Petersburg 2-1 . Winger Aleksandr Ryazantsev had given the visitors the lead in the first-half , scoring off his own rebound , before forward Carlos Bacca drew the home side level with a close-range header from a set-piece . Suarez , on loan from from Barcelona , then completed the comeback with a stunning volleyed effort from outside the box on 87 minutes . Zenit St. Petersburg midfielder Javi Garcia -LRB- left -RRB- tussles for the ball with Sevilla 's Jose Antonio Reyes -LRB- right -RRB- . Sevilla forward Kevin Gameiro -LRB- left -RRB- has a shot at goal as Zenit defender Luis Neto -LRB- right -RRB- jumps to block . Zenit midfielder Axel Witsel -LRB- right -RRB- sends a headed effort at the Sevilla goal during the Europa League tie . Zenit defender Ezequiel Garay -LRB- left -RRB- clears the ball ahead of Sevilla 's Vicente Iborra -LRB- centre -RRB- on Thursday night . Meanwhile , in Ukraine , Fiorentina rescued a 1-1 draw away to Dynamo Kiev , with Khouma Babacar 's stoppage-time leveler saving the Italian team from a third straight defeat in all competitions . Jeremain Lens had given Dynamo a first-half lead with a fine curling 20-yard shot into the far top corner as Fiorentina 's players pulled back to defend their own penalty area . Finally , in Belgium , Club Brugge and Dnipro ended in a goalless stalemate . That keeps Brugge in contention for a first European semifinal since 1988 , when the competition was still known as the UEFA Cup . Dynamo Kiev 's Yevhen Khacheridi -LRB- left -RRB- vies for the ball with Fiorentina forward Mario Gomez -LRB- right -RRB- . Fiorentina winger Mohamed Salah -LRB- centre -RRB- dribbles forward with the ball during the match against Zenit . Dynamo Kiev forward Jeremain Lens -LRB- centre -RRB- celebrates after scoring the opening goal against Fiorentina . Dynamo Kiev 's Danilo Silva -LRB- left -RRB- comes in with a strong challenge on Fiorentina winger Joaquin -LRB- right -RRB- . Club Brugge forward Obbi Oulare -LRB- left -RRB- jumps in an aerial duel with Dnipro defender Douglas -LRB- right -RRB- . Brugge 's Jose Izquierdo -LRB- left -RRB- gives chase to Dnipro 's Yevhen Konoplyanka -LRB- right -RRB- on Thursday night . Izquierdo -LRB- bottom -RRB- slides in with a challenge on Dnipro 's Nikola Kalinic -LRB- top -RRB- during the Europa League tie . Dnipro 's Valeriy Fedorchuk -LRB- right -RRB- controls the ball ahead of the oncoming challenge from Francisco Silva .