When it comes to playing tricks on people , especially parents it 's important to know when to stop . However , this did not appear to cross the mind of teenager Lily Sharp , who lives in the UK , when she decided to prank her own mother . Rather than put a whoopie cushion on her chair or balance flower on top of a door , Lily decided to amuse herself by faking her own kidnapping - any parents worse fear . As mean-spirited as the joke appeared , Lily certainly took the steps in order to make the prank as convincing as possible . Scroll down for video . Lily Sharp perhaps took a joke too far after convincing her own mother she had been kidnapped . She began by texting her mother a seemingly innocent message : ` You did n't tell me the decorator man was coming mate ! ' Before adding in a quick reference from the famous Liam Neeson kidnapping film Taken . She continued : ` I thought I was guna get taken man . Thought he was tryna trick me into getting into the house ' -LRB- sic -RRB- before adding , ` Not happy young lady . ' Lily began her prank by convincing her mother that she had allowed a stranger to enter their home . She then took the prank a step further by pretending to her panicked mum that the intruder had her phone , informing her mother that the kidnapper would require £ 4000 for her return . Her suspicious mother replies immediately with : ` Whaaaat ? What decorator ?!?!! Call me . There is no decorator . ' Lily then plays on her mother 's fears by pretending that the intruder now has possession of the phone simply replying : ` She knows that now . ' At this point Lily 's mother is completely fooled and has become more frantic insisting that her daughter calls her immediately . ` Who knows it !! Call me please ' she replies before adding , ` Now ' After her mother reveals that she is sending the police round Lily reveals that it was all a trick . She convinces her mother by sending a picture of herself , her mother does not find it amusing . At this point many would have called their panicking parent however Lily decides to take it up a notch . ` My name is Victor ' she replies before demanding a ransom ` I have your child . I want £ 4000 to get her back . ' Lily 's mother tries to keep calm texting back : ` Sending a neighbour round now ' But Lily simply insights more panic in her mother when she replies : ` Good luck with that . I 've already gone . She 's with me . ' At this point Lily 's mother informs who she believes to be the intruder that she has called the police : ` Ok well police will be . ' Lily attempts one more cheeky text as the intruder with ` She says hello ' before revealing that it was all a trick . She then reassures her mum by sending a picture of herself perched on their sofa . Predictably the mother does not take this well ending the conversation by swearing at her daughter . Although her mother may not have found the joke funny , after posting a photo of the messages on Twitter , Lily received 18,000 retweets and 25,000 favourites .