Abby Bishop 's -LRB- right -RRB- life completely changed when she took in her niece Zala -LRB- left -RRB- . Most professional athletes are used to having their lives centred on themselves and their sport . But when basketballer Abby Bishop was just 24 , her life completely changed when she took in her two-day-old niece Zala . It was August 2013 and Bishop suddenly found herself caring for a newborn , juggling training with sleepless nights and adjusting to her new life . Now Zala is 20 months old and she follows Bishop as she travels the world playing for professional teams , and will go with her to the U.S. this May when she starts playing for the Seattle Storm in the WNBA . Bishop , now 26 , said it was a big decision at the time but she would n't change anything . ` My sister was n't very well , ' she told Daily Mail Australia . ` I pretty much brought Zala home and started pre-season training with the Canberra Capitals straight away . ` It was tough with no sleep and adjusting to having another little human with me 24/7 , but I have amazing friends who help me and my mum helped me when she could . ` I 'm not going to lie and say it was easy but I just got through it . ' Bishop had planned to spend a few years living in Europe full-time playing basketball , but she had to adjust her plans to do what was best for Zala . She chose to base herself in Canberra , sometimes flying interstate with Zala for weekend matches . Bishop was also able to take Zala with her to Hungary , where she played for local basketball teams for a couple of months in February 2014 and again in February this year . ` There are a few things I 've missed out on , but I do n't feel like I 've missed out I 've made the best of the situation , ' she said . The basketballer , who lives in Canberra , has looked after her niece since she was two days old . Now Zala is 20 months old and she follows Bishop as she travels the world playing for professional teams . ` All the teams I 've been part of have just been amazing in terms of taking me and Zala on . ` My European teams paid for my nanny 's flights and they had cots and car seats and toys and everything there . ` I just ca n't thank the Canberra Capitals enough for putting childcare in my contract and letting me take Zala on road trips . ' But it has n't all been smooth sailing . Bishop had to miss out on playing for the national Opals team in the world championships in Turkey in October last year because of issues with their policy , which would have required her to cover the cost of travelling with a nanny . ` Taking on Zala I knew I was going to have to deal with some things within sport and for me that was not being able to go to world championships because of the policy they put in place , ' she said . Bishop was able to take Zala with her to Hungary , where she played for local basketball teams for a couple of months in February 2014 and again in February this year . Bishop said Zala loves travelling and acting as team mascot . They are pictured here together in Hungary . Zala will go with Bishop to the U.S. this May when she starts playing for the Seattle Storm in the WNBA . ` I 'd just taken on a baby that was n't mine and they were n't as understanding as all my other teams have been . ` I understand it 's the highest level , playing for Australia , but it 's a unique situation and needs to be looked at differently than another mother 's situation with a husband and a biological child . ' Bishop is glad she will be able to take Zala with her when she goes to the U.S. to play with the Seattle Storm in May . ` In Seattle their rules in terms of contracts are very strict but in their own little way they have helped me , ' she said . Bishop said Zala loves travelling and acting as team mascot . ` The plane trips are always the tricky part , just because she 's so active , but in terms of being over there she loves it , ' Bishop said . Bishop has had to make a lot of adjustments to her life -- including getting used to a lack of sleep . ` I think the biggest thing was it was n't all about me anymore , my life turned to being about this little human ' ` Everyone loves her and treats her like she 's part of the team . ` She loves the attention - all they like is attention at that age . ' Bishop has had to make a lot of adjustments to her life -- including getting used to a lack of sleep and the fact that she is now responsible for someone else 's life . ` I think the biggest thing was it was n't all about me anymore , my life turned to being about this little human , ' she said . ` And just for social things , my friends say `` Let 's go out for dinner or drinks '' and I have to say `` Nah sorry I ca n't I 've got a child now . '' ' Bishop knows that she will need to take a step back from the world of professional sport once Zala starts school . Bishop , now 26 years old , said it was a big decision at the time but she would n't change anything . Bishop said she will need to take a step back from the world of professional sport once Zala starts school . ` I 've got a couple more years to do my basketball and do all that and then obviously I 'll have to think about school and where we want to settle , ' she said . When her basketball career comes to an end Bishop wants to become a police officer . But until then she is trying to maintain a balance and get back some of her social life -- and she hopes to have more kids one day . ` I did n't think about it the day I was taking her , ' she said . ` But since taking her I 've thought hopefully I can find the right person and have my own kids . ` I 'm a person who does n't need someone but it 's something I want in the future . ` Until then it 's just Zala and I. ' When her basketball career comes to an end Bishop wants to become a police officer . Bishop has chosen to base herself in Canberra , sometimes flying interstate with Zala for weekend matches .