Nine British Muslims caught trying to cross into Syria are no longer welcome in England and should find a new country to live , Labour 's Simon Danczuk has said . The outspoken Rochdale candidate said it was ` unacceptable ' that people who were prepared to join ISIS should be free to come home . It comes after nine members of the same family were arrested in Turkey -- including the 21-year-old son of a Labour councillor in Rochdale . Scroll down for video . Waheed Ahmed -LRB- right -RRB- - the son of Labour councillor Shakil Ahmed - and his cousins walk into the Turkish Police Department 's Foreigners ' office today after being caught trying to cross into Syria . The family -- including Councillor Shakil Ahmed 's son Waheed , his cousins , aunt and four children -- are expected return to the UK from Turkey this week . Coun Ahmed , 45 -- who was photographed with Labour leader Ed Miliband just weeks ago -- served alongside Mr Danczuk 's wife Karen on the Town Council until her resignation in January . But Mr Danczuk today lashed out at suggestions that the family could be allowed to return to Britain without facing any terror charges . Speaking to MailOnline Mr Danczuk said : ` I think I speak for the vast majority of people in Rochdale in saying that this family will not be welcome back in Rochdale . ' Mr Danczuk added : ` The Islamic State in Syria are carrying out sickening and barbaric acts of inhumanity and anyone who pledges their allegiance to this cruel and twisted ideology will rightly be seen as an enemy of the UK . ` Waheed and his family were apprehended trying to get into Syria and had they been allowed to cross the border then I 've been given to believe Waheed would now be getting trained up to fight for ISIS . Mr Danczuk said they were not welcome back in Rochdale . ` The police have to recognize this , because the idea that someone who was prepared to join a terrorist outfit like ISIS could be allowed to return to civilian life in Rochdale and carry on as though nothing has happened is unacceptable . ' It shares a border with part of Syria controlled by rebel factions including those linked to Al Qaeda and ISIS . The Rochdale nine are the biggest family group caught attempting to enter the unstable territory . The three men and two women , aged between 21 and 47 , were taken to a hospital with their children , aged one , three , eight and 11 after being apprehended last week . Photographs showed Waheed Ahmed , dressed in traditional robes and wearing heavy boots , leading the group from a minibus into a police station . Several women , all wearing headscarfs which covered their faces , could be seen carrying children . Most of the party were wearing walking boots , perfect for trekking across the rugged region . Turkey is a key staging ground for foreign fighters and others hoping to reach Islamic State-held areas of Syria and Iraq . The Ahmed family are originally from Kashmir but settled in Rochdale in the 1980s and have lived in their current home since 2006 . Coun Ahmed posted a picture of himself with Labour leader Ed Miliband on his Facebook page just before Christmas . Their arrest came after Yahya Rashid , 19 , was charged with preparing acts of terrorism after flying into Luton Airport from Istanbul . Rochdale Labour councillor Shakil Ahmed , pictured on his Facebook page with Labour Leader Ed Miliband just weeks before his son tried to cross into ISIS controlled Syria . Waheed smiled in a car as he left a hospital after undergoing medical checks and fingerprinting in Hatay southern of Turkey last week . He is suspected of acting as an Islamic State smuggler , paying for four men and a woman to join the terrorist group . Mr Danczuk said the number of Britons fleeing the country to join ISIS -- now thought to number more than 600 -- exposed the failure of the Government 's anti-terror strategy . He said : ` I have spent the last few days in discussions with the Foreign Office minister , Greater Manchester 's Police and Crime Commissioner , local authority leaders , religious groups and local people . ' Rochdale MP Simon Danczuk said the British family caught trying to cross into would be forced to train up as ISIS fighters . The outspoken candidate added : ` The message coming back to me loud and clear is that while the vast majority reject this ideology of hatred , exclusion and intolerance , there are some people who are susceptible to radicalization . ` I do not think the Government 's Prevent strategy is working and we need a much smarter approach from all the authorities to stop this cancer spreading . ' Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .