Her style is followed by women across the globe and whatever she wears is sure to sell out within minutes . Yet the Duchess of Cambridge has been dismissed as an ` uneventful ' dresser by leading author Margaret Atwood . And most controversially , the 75-year-old said Kate has n't lived up to the fashion icon reputation of her husband 's late mother , Princess Diana . Scroll down for video . The author said Kate -LRB- pictured right -RRB- has n't lived up to the fashion icon reputation of Princess Diana -LRB- left -RRB- . Miss Atwood said she thinks the duchess is cautious when it comes to clothes and is told what to wear by advisers . But she added she is right not to follow in Diana 's footsteps . ` I think she dresses quite uneventfully , ' the author of The Handmaid 's Tale said . ` I think she 's watching her back , I think she probably has people who pretty much tell her what is appropriate for her to wear . The Duchess of Cambridge was dismissed as an ` uneventful ' dresser by leading author Margaret Atwood . ` I do n't think she 's become the fashion plate that Diana was , and I think she 's probably doing that advisably , would n't you say ? ' Miss Atwood is just the latest high-profile female writer to apparently attack the duchess 's image and public persona . Author Margaret Atwood -LRB- pictured -RRB- said she thinks the duchess is cautious when it comes to clothes and is told what to wear by advisers . Double Booker Prize winner and Wolf Hall author Hilary Mantel has described Kate as a ` shop window mannequin ' and a ` machine-made ' princess who has been ` designed by committee ' . Meanwhile Sandi Toksvig has said the duchess does n't have a ` single opinion ' of her own , and Joan Smith caused outrage by labelling Kate ` unambitious and bland ' . Speaking at a talk at the Victoria and Albert Museum in London , Miss Atwood , who has also won the Booker for The Blind Assassin , admitted she judges women on the clothing they wear . The novelist , who has been described as a feminist writer , said : ` Let 's pretend you 're meeting a person for the first time , as you do when you meet a character in a book . ` What do I see ? Your dress , I see your face of course , I focus on that . I see your earrings , I see your necklace , and those are all part of you . They are all part of the total image of who I 've just met . ' Miss Atwood 's latest book Stone Mattress prompted her to be labelled ` offensive ' and a ` man hater ' by critics last year . Last month a £ 35 black polka dot dress from online retailer ASOS sold out within half an hour of Kate wearing it to an event . And in 2013 the £ 46 Seraphine dress she wore for her first official family portrait with William and Prince George sold out two hours after the photo was published . Miss Atwood said the Duchess of Cambridge is correct not to follow in Diana 's footsteps .