The West Indies believe they now dominate England captain Alastair Cook whose nightmare start to the series saw him fail in both innings of the first Test - along with opening partner Jonathan Trott . England finished on 116-3 to lead by 220 runs at the end of the third day in Antigua with seven second-innings wickets standing . But the hosts are jubilant that struggling Cook has twice fallen cheaply to the plan of bowling at him full and swinging around off stump . Alastair Cook failed with the bat once again on day three of the first Test in Antigua . Captain Cook also fell cheaply as he was out for 13 after edging a Taylor delivery into the slips . Asked whether the West Indies feel they have got the better of Cook , maiden Test centurion Jermaine Blackwood replied : ' Yes , I think so . We worked to the plan of separating Cook 's bat from his body and it worked . Jerome Taylor stuck to the plan great . ; . Taylor 's pace partner Kemar Roach , who snared Cook in the first innings in similar fashion , said : ` Everyone knows Cook has a weakness . ' Even more worrying for England is the form of Trott , whose footwork and head movement looked awry in both his brief knocks . The wisdom of him returning to the England side only 18 months after mental health issues forced him to quit the Ashes tour after his first Test roughing up by Mitchell Johnson in Brisbane now looks very questionable . BBC 's Test Match Special pundit Geoff Boycott said : ` Trott 's on the move , which is not great against the new ball . I do n't think he 's an opener . ' James Tredwell , whose four for 47 made him the pick of the England bowlers , was the typical team man when pressed about the opening pair 's struggles thus far . ` I guess whenever you go through a challenge - for wickets or runs - it can get on your mind at times , but they 're both strong characters so I 'm sure there 'll be scores around the corner , ' he said . ` It 's their own issue but we 'll stick with them . They 're fine players . ' Tredwell admits England 's decision to fly Moeen Ali to Grenada for the second Test spurred him towards his four-wicket haul . Asked about Moeen linking up with the side on Saturday , he said : ` It 's probably at the back of my mind but you try not to think too deeply about that . ` I wanted to give them a bit of a headache , shall we say , and hopefully I 've done that now . ` So it 's over to the people who matter to make that decision going forward in the series . There 's another important innings to come so hopefully we can knock them over and get the win . ' Jonathan Trott was also out cheaply as the first three wickets once again fell for not many . Jerome Taylor celebrates dismissing Trott for just four after he edged behind to Ramdin . Trott added a score of four to his first innings duck in his first Test since returning after an 18 month absence . Ian Bell also lost his wicket late on the third evening as England 's first three wickets fell for just 52 runs . James Tredwell earlier picked up four wickets as England bowled West Indies out for 295 in their first innings . Jermaine Blackwood celebrates his maiden Test match century in his sixth Test match .