As Britain 's Got Talent acts go , she was certainly a conversation starter -- a ` talking ' dog with singing skills and a sense of humour . But some viewers at home were less dazzled by Miss Wendy 's false mouth trick - and questioned the effect of the ` cruel ' stunt on the dog . After Saturday 's episode of the show , broadcasting regulator Ofcom received 21 complaints over the talking dog , while ITV received a further 35 . The RSPCA yesterday said it would be contacting Britain 's Got Talent ` to ascertain what methods were used ' in the performance . Scroll down for video . Was it a trick ? Britain 's Got Talent singing dog Miss Wendy with owner Marc Métral stunned the judges - but it may not have been all it seemed . Convincing : Miss Wendy 's mouth moved perfectly in time with the music but it is believed the dog had a fake jaw . Astonished : Simon Cowell thought the act was incredible and even called his girlfriend Lauren to tell her about it . Theory : It is believed that a false mouth was placed on Miss Wendy 's face , which is triggered by a remote control . ` We would be very concerned if it became clear that -LSB- the dog -RSB- was caused distress , ' a spokesman said . ` Distress could result from her being unable to breathe or pant properly whilst wearing a mask on stage -- in an environment which can get very warm , it is essential that panting is not restricted . ' One viewer wrote on on Twitter : ` That 's not talent -LSB- and it -RSB- should be looked into for animal abuse . ' Others said the act was cruel . But French ventriloquist Marc Metral insisted that Miss Wendy ` loves performing ' . ` I 've been working with Wendy since she was a puppy , ' he said . ` I would never put her in a situation that would cause her distress . She gets excited when we go to work and is always comfortable on stage . ' Britain 's Got Talent also defended the act , with a spokesman saying RSPCA guidelines were consulted during the audition process . ` We are comfortable that Mr Metral 's act complies with the guidelines and we look forward to hearing from the RSPCA to talk through the methods used , ' he added . Cowell has always dismissed claims that having animals on the show is cruel . He has previously said : ` God no , I think the opposite ! We show animals ' personalities . Agreement : Marc and Wendy received a standing ovation on Saturday and progressed to the semi-finals - with Amanda Holden telling him he had made TV history . ` I think they all have a great time on our show , you can see the dogs are wagging their tails . ' Perched high on a silver plinth , Miss Wendy shared a joke with her owner and serenaded the judges with a rendition of 1970s classic Feelings during Saturday 's episode , which was watched by 11m viewers . The audience roared with laughter as she argued with French ventriloquist Marc Metral -- and all four judges were so impressed they sent the pair straight through to the next round . Old dog old trick ? In 2012 , a contestant on America 's Got Talent , Todd Oliver astounded judges with his talking French bulldog , Irving -LRB- pictured -RRB- . But in case you were wondering just how easy it is to teach a dog to talk , the trick behind the act can be revealed with a quick look at the ITV show 's archives . A similar illusion was used on America 's Got Talent in 2012 , when contestant Todd Oliver appeared to make his French bulldog speak . It involves fitting a fake snout over the nose of the animal , which is then controlled remotely to make the artificial mouth open in time with the routine . To make it seem more realistic , the breathable snout is covered in fur exactly the same colour as that of the dog . And the novelty clearly had n't worn off by Saturday night , as Simon Cowell seemed particularly astounded by the performance of 61-year-old Mr Metral and his pet . Amanda Holden told her French owner that he had ` made television history ' and Cowell phoned his girlfriend Lauren Silverman to tell her about it . Holden said to Mr Métral : ` Congratulations , in the nine years of doing this show , Simon has said he wanted a dog that could meow or sing , and you did both , incredible . ' Simon Cowell commented : ` Wow , I do n't know how she does that . How does she know the words ? Unbelievable . ' Marc and Wendy received a standing ovation on Saturday and progressed to the semi-finals . On Saturday another act shocked Simon Cowell when a fearless free-runner pretended to be injured after plunging from a balcony during a terrifying routine . Look out below : Matt McCreary 's jaw-dropping audition saw him pretend to fall over as he jumped from the balcony . Ouch : He went to put on a dazzling display on the stage as he ended his audience with an impressive jump over Ant and Dec . Cowell , who earlier in the week conned Amanda Holden into thinking she was being dumped from the show for Cheryl Fernandez-Versini , was left open-mouthed when 20-year-old Matt McCreary , from Belfast , leapt around the stage . Cowell asked McCreary : ` Oh my God , Matt are you really OK ? ' as he lay on the theatre floor after diving from a balcony . The 20-year-old , also leapt over show hosts Ant and Dec on stage , also impressed Amanda Holden , who told him : ` We have never seen anything as brave and dangerous before ' . But not everyone on the panel was won over , with David Walliams joking : ` Jumping over two people who are that short is n't really such a big deal . ' Amazing : Britain 's Got Talent started with a bang on Saturday when Simon Cowell pressed his Golden Buzzer in the first round of auditions as he put singing through singer Calum Scott . You 're in : Receiving not only a standing ovation , he also got a golden buzzer from Simon as his sister was able to move past her exit and give her brother a hug . Later Simon Cowell pressed his Golden Buzzer in the first round of auditions as he put singing through singer Calum Scott . Scott , 26 , had come along to audition for the ITV talent competition with his sister who failed to impress the judges while her brother went on to wow Simon . The recruitment officer from Hull , had to go on stage after watching his sister 's audition go wrong , and he performed Dancing On My Own by Robyn . Receiving not only a standing ovation , he also got a Golden Buzzer from Simon , causing his sister to run on stage and give her brother a proud hug . Simon revealed why he pressed the buzzer saying : ` I 've never ever in all the years I 've done this show heard a guy with the talent you 've got ' . At the start of the show , Simon was seen driving his fellow judges to the auditions . Well , that 's different : The show kicked off with 42-year-old Narinder Dhanni . The IT consultant certainly started things off in a unique style as he played his instrument -- which turned out to be a comb . Helping out : He immediately received a buzz from Simon Cowell before he was joined on stage by hosts Ant and Dec as they played I Just Called To Say I Love You by Stevie Wonder . The show kicked off with 42-year-old Narinder Dhanni . The IT consultant certainly started things off in a unique style as he played his instrument -- which turned out to be a comb . He immediately received a buzz from Simon Cowell before he was joined on stage by hosts Ant and Dec as they played I Just Called To Say I Love You by Stevie Wonder . Narinder received a standing ovation from Amanda Holden and David Walliams as he began to play It 's The Final Countdown . Narinder managed to get through on three positives - much to Simon 's displeasure .