Ever fancied driving the Batmobile straight from the big screen and into your street ? Or perhaps you 've always yearned to take the Ghostbusters ' Cadillac for a spin ? Well now it 's possible to do both thanks to brothers Marc and Shanon Parker - who have designed and built a fantastic fleet of movie-inspired vehicles . Among their wonders on wheels are lifelike versions of Batman 's Tumbler from the Dark Knight film trilogy and the much-loved Ghostbusters car - or Ecto-1 as the spook-hunting team call it . The brothers have even made an Optimus Prime truck , based on the most recent Transformers movie , as well as a Tron-inspired motorbike . Scroll down for video . Park your eyes on these beauties : The Parker brothers ' Batman Tumbler and Ghostbusters Cadillac . Fuelling envy : Designer Shanon Parker fills up his Ecto-1 at a petrol station in Port Canaveral , Florida . Marc said : ` We get a lot of reactions in the street - a lot of times people will come up next to us and box us in , wanting to take pictures . ` We test-drove one of our motorcycles on the road and the police were called because we were causing a traffic jam . If you 're doing something that 's causing that kind of reaction , you know you 're doing something right . ' Take Bat ! The brothers ' impressive version of the Tumbler , Batman 's car in the Dark Knight trilogy . Attention to detail : The number plate and interior are very similar to the original Batmobile . Real deal : The Tumbler in the 2005 movie Batman Begins , which was directed by Christopher Nolan . The car-crazy brothers from Port Canaveral , Florida , started building versions of the vehicles they most loved for their own enjoyment four years ago . Marc , 45 , said : ` We did n't have the money to pay people to customise vehicles for us , and what we needed did n't exist so we had to learn to build our parts . ` Every part of the Tumbler was made from scratch in our shop - the frame , chassis , wheels , glass , everything . ` I do n't know what it cost to build - I 'd probably cry if I looked into it - but as far as value , it 's one of the most expensive vehicles we own . ' Prime mover : A truck made to look like autobot Optimus Prime in last year 's Transformers : Age of Extinction . Neat fleet : Marc -LRB- left -RRB- and Shanon show off their Tron-inspired bike and other vehicles at their workshop . He and Shanon , 44 , have now turned their hobby into a business - called Parker Brothers Concepts - and they hire out their movie-inspired cars and motorbikes to fans . They also customise standard cars and bikes for clients , several of whom are famous . Shanon is in charge of design , while mechanic Marc brings the drawings to life in the brothers ' workshop . He said : ` We mostly deal with a lot of celebrities and royalty since they have disposable income . ` We 've had clients like 50 Cent , Flo Rida , Lil Wayne and John Cena , and have done work for Universal Pictures . ` The movie cars are used in promotions or premiers - clients want something that can be driven around rather than sit there like any other prop . ` Some of these cars can cost upwards of close to a million dollars , depending on what it is . ' Classic car in a classic movie : The real Ecto-1 being driven in the 1984 blockbuster Ghostbusters . Almost identical : The Parker brothers ' version makes a fuel stop - and puts the other cars in the shade . It has n't always been an easy ride , however . Marc said : ` Shanon thinks if he can draw it , I can build it - but it 's more difficult than that . ` He knows very little about mechanics so he 's not limited like a lot of designers who have engineering degrees - there 's nothing holding him back when it comes to design . ` In the beginning we fought because we come from different realms but now it 's a back-and-forth process . ' Made to order : The brothers in a Hummer SUV that they customised to look like an army tank for a customer . Rev-elations : Marc on one of his bikes , and the Green Machine that has won a world record . The brothers ' ingenuity has earned them a place in the Guinness World Records , namely for their ` Green Machine ' , which was commissioned by the Huffy bike company for the re-release of the 1970s toy of the same name . The Parkers ' version has a 43-inch -LRB- 109-cm -RRB- front wheel - the largest ever wheel on a three-wheeled motorbike - and is powered by a Harley Davidson motor . Marc said : ` When someone says it ca n't be built , we got ta build it - we push ourselves and show people that you do n't have to be limited to what 's out on the market . ` We always want to get that wow factor . And when it 's finished , it 's like seeing a kid being born . '