LeSean McCoy 's acrimony with Chip Kelly continues to rumble on , with the Buffalo Bills running back taking another swipe at the Eagles head coach . McCoy was shipped to the Bills in exchange for linebacker Kiko Alonso and says Kelly 's team has a college feel and that he does n't like star talent . ` I do n't think he likes or respects the stars . I 'm being honest . I think he likes the fact that it 's `` Chip Kelly and the Eagles '' , ' he told the Philadephia Enquirer . LeSean McCoy warms up as he takes part in a voluntary offseason conditioning session with the Bills . McCoy clearly has a chip on his shoulder about the trade , but slated Philadelphia 's ` college feel ' ` It was `` DeSean Jackson -- a high-flying , take-off-the-top-of-the-defense receiver '' . Or `` the quick , elusive LeSean McCoy '' . I do n't think -LSB- Kelly -RSB- likes that . ' Since arriving at Rex Ryan 's Bills last month , McCoy says he 's already at ease with his surroundings before launching another swipe at Kelly . ` Here is more of a NFL type of feel , ' McCoy told NFL 's Total Access . ` Being with Coach -LSB- Andy -RSB- Reid for so long ... you get used to that . A player 's coach . An NFL type of atmosphere in the locker room and around the facility . And for two years in Philly it was n't like that as much . Not in a negative way , but it was different . It was more like a college feel . ' McCoy ran for 1,000 yards in four of six seasons with the Eagles and still spoke of his surprise at the move . ` Now you put my numbers up . You put my -LSB- numbers -RSB- up and you 'll see it . It tells you it . In any system -- Andy -LSB- Reid -RSB- or Chip . So I 'm not going to go there , back and forth with that . I just feel like the only thing I did n't like was the respect . For so many years I gave you all what you wanted . You know ? And then for how it went down , it was like a surprise . I 'm thinking , `` Does everybody look at it how I look at it ? '' . ' As well as their trip to Wembley this year to face the Jaguars , Buffalo also travel to Philadelphia in what already promises to be something of a grudge match .