Former Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson revealed why he rates Cristiano Ronaldo above Lionel Messi while speaking to John Parrott over a frame of snooker . The most successful manager in the history of British football spoke to Parrott and presenter Hazel Irvine as part of the BBC 's coverage of the World Championship at the Crucible . Ferguson admitted that he is always asked ` who is the greatest player in the world ? ' before explaining why he would choose his former United player over Barcelona 's talisman . Former Manchester United amanger Sir Alex Ferguson -LRB- left -RRB- speaks with John Parrott over a frame of snooker . The 73-year-old was in high spirits as he talked football and snooker with the 1991 world champion . Parrott lines up a shot under the gaze of fellow presenter Hazel Irvine -LRB- right -RRB- . Ferguson believes Cristiano Ronaldo is better than Lionel Messi as he could score for any team . ` Many people quite rightly say Messi and you cant dispute that opinion , ' he told the 1991 World Snooker Champion . ` Ronaldo could play for Millwall , QPR , Doncaster Rovers , anyone , and score a hat-trick . I 'm not sure Messi could do that . ` Ronaldo 's got two feet , he 's quick , great in the air and brave . ` I think Messi is a Barcelona player , ' he added . The former United boss has always held a close relationship with the Real Madrid superstar following their six-year spell together at Old Trafford , and Ferguson rates the Portuguese alongside Ryan Giggs and Paul Scholes as the best players he has managed . Ferguson has always been close to the Portuguese since their time together at Old Trafford . The 73-year-old has been a keen snooker fan since he was a young boy and watches the World Championships every year as well as collecting snooker memorabilia . Ferguson arrived to play his frame with a cue gifted to him by Ken Doherty after his ` first retirement ' from football in 2001 - and the Scotsman also has the set of balls used by friend Dennis Taylor to dramatically win the 1985 World Championships . The 73-year-old revealed how he ` battered ' Paul Ince at snooker before his former player blamed his wife . Although Ferguson struggled to impress against Parrott , he did reveal upsetting Paul Ince by beating the self-proclaimed ` Guv ` nor ' three times in succession , including a final match at his house in the company of Ince 's wife Claire . ` I battered him ... he blamed his wife , ' said Ferguson . When asked what he misses most from the game , after retiring as Manchester United manager in 2013 after almost 27 years at the club , Ferguson said : ` The camaraderie , humour , mickey taking and winning - we 're all here to win . '