Built at a cost of £ 1 billion , New Broadcasting House is the jewel in the crown of the BBC and the setting for its self-mocking satire W1A . But in a development that could have come straight out of the sitcom , it has been revealed that the Corporation is paying tens of thousands of pounds of taxpayers ' money to book meetings in nearby buildings because the headquarters lacks space . New Broadcasting House in Central London covers half a million square feet , took a decade to build and was opened by the Queen in 2013 -- four years behind schedule and at least £ 55 million over budget . Scroll down for video . The BBC has admitted it ` occasionally ' runs out of meeting rooms in its £ 1billion New Broadcasting House . The huge steel-and-glass building has specially designed ` huddle zones ' and a ` meeting tower ' on stilts in the atrium . One of the running jokes in W1A is that its fictional meeting rooms are named after popular entertainers -- Hugh Bonneville 's character Ian Fletcher , the BBC 's ` Head of Values ' , frequently meets colleagues ` inside Frankie Howerd ' . Now , in response to a freedom of information request , the BBC has admitted it ` occasionally ' runs out of meeting rooms and spent £ 47,198 on booking external spaces nearby during the last financial year . Corporation insiders say these venues include De Vere 's West One business centre and the luxury Langham Hotel -- both just across the street from New Broadcasting House -- and that meetings have included ` leadership breakfasts ' . The huge building has specially designed ` huddle zones ' and a ` meeting tower ' on stilts in the atrium . One source said : ` The leadership breakfasts at De Vere are renowned for the lavish catering . The BBC is cutting jobs but can still afford to cater for breakfast meetings for senior managers . ' Another said : ` It 's bonkers to hold meetings across the street . ' The BBC has been criticised by spending watchdog the National Audit Office -LRB- NAO -RRB- over the running costs of New Broadcasting House , which are almost double that of comparable buildings in Central London . A BBC spokesman said : ` It is occasionally necessary to book nearby venues , especially for larger meetings . Value for money is always taken into account . ' But Jonathan Isaby , chief executive of the TaxPayers ' Alliance , said licence fee-payers would be furious over spiralling costs . New Broadcasting House is home to three 24-hour news channels , nine radio networks and 6,000 staff .