The devastated husband of a woman who drowned in a ` freak ' snorkelling accident has posted a heartbreaking tribute to her on Facebook . Teresa Swarbrick , known affectionately to her friends and family as Etch , died on April 8 after reportedly getting into trouble in the water near Julian Rocks off the coast of Byron Bay in NSW . The mother of two , from Western Sydney , was caught in strong currents and lost consciousness before being pulled from the water . Lifeguards and paramedics were unable to revive her with CPR . Mrs Swarbrick 's husband Alan posted on her Facebook page : ` Hello to all of Etch 's beautiful Facebook friends and family . This message is from Teresa 's husband Alan and is one of the few messages I have ever posted on Facebook but it is by far the hardest I will ever need to . ' Alan Swarbrick -LRB- left -RRB- has posted a heartbreaking tribute to his wife Teresa -LRB- right -RRB- after she drowned while snorkelling . The mother of two died on April 8 after reportedly getting into trouble in the water near Julian Rocks off the coast of Byron Bay in NSW . He wrote : ` On Wednesday 8th April 2015 at approx 3:30 pm we lost our beautiful Teresa or Etch as we all know her when she drowned in a freak accident on a snorkelling trip at Byron Bay , NSW . ` At this stage I do not know what to say , there are no words to express my sadness and devastation for our family . ` She is a special soul and I simply can not express the love we had together , it is a very special bond and I love her so much . I know she also loved James and Abbey with that same special bond . ` She loved all the special friends she had and cherished all of you and the many memories we had together . I know she would want me to share this sad message with you . ' Mrs Swarbrick 's husband Alan posted on her Facebook page : ` This is one of the few messages I have ever posted on facebook but it is by far the hardest I will ever need to . ' Mrs Swarbrick is pictured here with her husband and two children Abbey and James . ` She is a special soul and I simply can not express the love we had together , ' Mr Swarbrick said . He signed off the tribute by saying : ` I am sorry that I am short for words but we are still in shock and totally lost on what to say to all of you . She is always in our hearts and with us all . Lots of Love , From Alan , Abbey and James xx . ' Mrs Swarbrick 's daughter Abbey commented on the status , writing : ` Stay strong to everyone else as well . ' Dozens of friends sent outpourings of love and support to the family . Leticia M. Hill : ` I am heartsick , devastated and totally saddened by this tragic news !!! I 'm typing this with tears in my eyes ! I wish I could hold you all in my arms ! ' Jazmin Sol said : ` I am so so sorry for your loss Al , James and Abbey . It 's such devastating news I just can not believe it . Such a beautiful person inside and out she will be missed terribly . If you need anything at all please let us know . Xxxx ' Mrs Swarbrick 's funeral will be held this Friday . Mr Swarbrick signed of his message by writing ` I am sorry that I am short for words but we are still in shock '