His neighbors would n't let him build a film studio . So George Lucas is retaliating in a way that only the cream of Hollywood could - by building the largest affordable housing development in the area . The complex of affordable housing , funded and designed by the Star Wars director , would provide homes to 224 low-income families . And there 's very little his fellow Bay Area residents can do about it . SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . Making waves : George Lucas has unveiled plans to build an affordable housing complex on the plot of land in Lucas Valley , Bay Area , which his neighbors are determined to leave untouched . Lucas dropped plans for a Lucasfilm Ltd studio complex on Lucas Valley Road in 2012 . Citing opposition from neighbors , a spokesman said they did not want to be seen as an ` evil empire ' . But it seems the award-winning director is determined to do something with the 1,039 acres of land on his Grady Ranch estate in Marin County , California . The project , submitted for planning on Wednesday , would span 52 acres and cost around $ 200m . Just a few meters from his own Skywalker Ranch , the community would consist of two complexes . One would contain 120 two-bedroom and three-bedroom homes for low-income families . The other would be for pensioners : a four-story building with 104 one-bedroom or two-bedroom apartments . Because Lucas proposes to fund the project himself , his lawyers say he has the right to select who lives there . However , his representatives insist the project is not a form of retaliation . ` He said `` we 've got enough millionaires here . What we need is some houses for regular working people '' , ' his lawyer Gary Giacomini told CBS . Scrapped : This was a rendering of the film studio that Lucas planned to build on the estate but was overruled . Idyllic : The 224-home community would be built in this idyllic spot of California for low-income families . Marin County Supervisor Steve Kinsey told the station : ` George Lucas said , `` if I 'm not going to do what I wanted to do there , what can I do that would be really beneficial to this community ? '' ' It is not the first time Lucas has courted controversy . In November 2014 , residents of Chicago filed a lawsuit against Lucas ' plans to build a museum along the shore of Lake Michigan . The case was a major blow to the Lucas Museum of Narrative Art , a shrine his collection of art and movie memorabilia , after negotiations over a waterfront site fell through with San Francisco .