8,000 women in their 70s are diagnosed and treated for breast cancer . Noreen Spendlove was reassured when the results of her latest mammogram were normal . Noreen , then 68 , had the scan as part of the NHS breast cancer screening programme , and as she says : ` As always , getting the all-clear was a big relief . ' But 18 months later , shortly before her 70th birthday , the mother-of-three from Derbyshire developed intermittent pain in her left side , just below her breast . And although Noreen , a former administrator , was n't concerned , her daughter , a radiographer , insisted she see a GP . Despite finding nothing abnormal , the GP referred Noreen for a mammogram . This revealed three lumps on her left breast , which were all tumours . Noreen is adamant : ` That GP appointment saved my life . ' Breast cancer screening was introduced in 1988 , with women aged 50 to 64 invited for a mammogram every three years . In 2000 , the upper limit was extended to 70 . ` I did n't realise it at the time , but at 68 I 'd already had my last official mammogram , ' says Noreen . ` It 's all the more scary knowing that , because even though I check my breasts regularly , I definitely had n't felt any lumps . Without my daughter , I would n't have gone to my GP . ' Noreen was one of the lucky ones . MPs are warning that women will die as a result of the screening age limit . In a report published two weeks ago , the All Party Parliamentary Group on Breast Cancer pointed out that 8,000 women in their 70s are diagnosed and treated for breast cancer . And while more are diagnosed at a younger age - 12,800 in their 60s and 10,600 in their 50s - more than half of the 12,000 women who die from breast cancer every year are over 70 . So , extending the age for routine mammograms would mean earlier diagnosis for those over 70 and more lives saved , the MPs said . In fact , the upper age limit is due to change . From the end of 2016 , all women up to 73 will be invited for screening . But critics argue this is not high enough . Nat Lievesley , a researcher at the Centre for Policy on Ageing , says this cut-off point ` seems arbitrary ' , adding : ` It feels like a decision based on cost rather than what 's best for women . ' And the parliamentary group is concerned at the ` slow pace of change ' . In 2013 , they called for the age limit to be raised to at least 76 , and possibly to 79 . ` Extending the age for routine mammograms would mean earlier diagnosis and more lives saved ' ` While some progress has been made , there is still a lot of work to do in ensuring that older people with breast cancer receive the care , treatment and support most appropriate to them , ' says Steve Brine , the Conservative MP for Winchester and co-chair of the parliamentary group . And this ageism is not limited to access to mammograms . There 's evidence older women are less likely to get certain treatment for breast cancer than younger women . In 2013 , researchers at the University of Sussex said women over 70 in the UK who are diagnosed with the disease have only a one-in-seven chance of receiving the chemotherapy that is standard treatment for younger patients . A study from the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine , published in the British Journal of Cancer , reported that women over 70 are 12 per cent less likely to survive breast cancer after three years than women of the same age in Sweden , where screening in most of the country continues to 74 . Sean Duffy , national clinical director for cancer at NHS England , last year warned : ` Around 2,000 deaths from breast cancer in older women could be avoided each year in England if survival rates matched the best in Europe . ' It is ` shameful ' to write off people as too old for screening and treatment , adds Lynda Thomas , chief executive of Macmillan Cancer Support . ` People should be judged on their health as an individual not just their age . ' Ending screening at 73 ` does n't take account of the fact that ageing is changing ' , adds Nat Lievesley . ` It 's no longer a strong indicator of frailty . Just look at the role models for women in their 70s . ' Yet the benefits of extending screening are not clear-cut , for there is a risk of women undergoing unnecessary treatment . A Dutch study , published in the BMJ in August 2014 , suggested that inviting all women over the age of 70 for screening could result in ` over - diagnosis and overtreatment ' . Researchers monitored 25,500 women aged 70 to 75 diagnosed with the disease after 1995 , when breast cancer screening in the Netherlands was extended from 69 to 75 . They found this had led to only a small increase in the discovery of advanced breast cancer , while the number of early-stage tumours detected increased considerably . For every woman found to have advanced cancer , another 20 would be diagnosed with small , slow-growing tumours that might not affect their life expectancy but would lead to major surgery , chemotherapy and radiotherapy . Lead researcher Dr Gerrit Jan-Liefers , of Leiden University Medical Centre , said : ` The chances of older women recovering from such severe treatment is far less than for younger women . ' Older women are more likely to suffer from chronic health problems alongside cancer , he pointed out . ` So it may take them a year , a year and a half before they function normally . ' For Noreen Spendlove , however , there is no question in her mind that screening should be extended . After her second mammogram in March 2011 , she had a needle biopsy the same day , and two weeks later a mastectomy . The cancer had spread to her neck , so she was given six sessions of chemotherapy followed by a five-week course of radiotherapy . ` The treatment was murderous , ' says Noreen . But as she prepares to receive the all-clear next year , she has no regrets about having this treatment . Indeed , her worry is that , once five years since her treatment have passed , she 'll no longer be automatically invited back for screening as younger cancer survivors would be . In fact , women are entitled to request mammograms at any age - it 's just the invitations that stop . Cancer charities warn that this gives the message that women no longer need to worry about breast cancer . Women are entitled to request mammograms at any age . An added complication is that older women are likely to be less ` breast aware ' and more cautious about bothering their GP , the All-Party Parliamentary Group pointed out previously . Jane Murphy , clinical nurse specialist at Breast Cancer Care , says : ` It 's clear from calls to our helpline many older women believe that because they are n't being invited , they are no longer at risk . ' Jackie Woods , 57 , a local government officer from Forest Hill , South London , agrees this can be a problem . Her mother , Betty , celebrated her 88th birthday last month after undergoing treatment for breast cancer four years ago . Betty had diligently booked herself in for regular mammograms , despite no longer being invited for screening - but she was rare among her peers in doing so . During November 2011 , Jackie was diagnosed with breast cancer after her regular mammogram . The diagnosis reminded Betty to request another scan for herself , and in June 2012 she was diagnosed with an early form of breast cancer and had a mastectomy . Rather than simply ending screening , the Dutch researchers who suggested that extending the programme to all older women could do more harm than good , say the decision whether to continue scans should be personalised to each woman . This should be ` based on remaining life expectancy , breast cancer risk , functional status and patients ' preferences ' , says Dr Jan-Liefers . Another way forward , says Jane Murphy , is for women to be reminded at their last screening that they are entitled to further ones . ` They should be given a card that informs them that they can continue to take advantage of regular screening . But it does n't always happen . ' Noreen Spendlove was given no such card . ` It 's terrifying to think that the cancer might not have been picked up , ' she says . Breast Cancer Care helpline : 0808 800 6000 or breastcancercare.org.uk . Macmillan Cancer Support : 0808 808 0000 or macmillan.org.uk .