An 18-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of stabbing his friend 's nine-year-old brother to death in a Northern California town . Jordan was stabbed in the neck and declared dead after his family drove him to Brentwood 's John Muir Hospital . Deputies put out an alert for Schultz after they said he got away in a truck outside the home . William Schultz -LRB- left -RRB- was arrested Sunday afternoon , hours after Jordan Almgren -LRB- right -RRB- was stabbed to death in his home in Discovery Bay . Schultz was arrested at a hospital in Antioch at 3 pm . Contra Costa County sheriff 's spokesman Jimmy Lee said a nurse who saw media coverage of the case recognized the wanted suspect . Officials did n't say what Schultz was being treated for and the motive for the stabbing remains under investigation . The day before the stabbing , deputies had also been called to the home -LRB- right -RRB- on Saturday on a request for a psychological evaluation of Schultz . Deputies were told on the police radio that the victim had been stabbed in the neck , reports the San Francisco Gate . The day before the stabbing , deputies had also been called to the home on a request for a psychological evaluation of Schultz . Neighbors say five children lived there and it is believed Schultz may have been friends with one of the older siblings , reports ABC7 . Contra Costa County Sheriff 's Lt. Ken Westermann said that the attack was n't accidental . The Contra Costa Times reports the stabbing occurred mere yards from the school the younger boy attended . Contra Costa County Sheriff 's Lt. Ken Westermann said that the attack was n't accidental . ` This was n't a random act . This was n't some sort of stranger that came into the home and murdered a child . This was a family friend , ' he told the San Francisco Chronicle . ` This little guy was the most energetic on the team , ' said Almgren 's Little League coach Mike De Lambert told KCRA . ` Great smile . And he was infectious , in a positive way , to everybody that he came in contact with . ' Discovery Bay is a waterfront community along the banks of the Sacramento-San Joaquin River Delta .