Lazio replaced their fierce city rivals Roma as the leading challengers in the battle to chase down Serie A leaders Juventus by hammering Empoli 4-0 at the Stadio Olimpico . The Biancocelesti took a fourth-minute lead through captain Stefano Mauri with Miroslav Klose adding a second just after the half-hour mark . Antonio Candreva and Felipe Anderson plundered further goals to ensure an eighth straight league win for the Coppa Italia finalists , who now lead Roma by a single point . Miroslav Klose celebrates as he grabs Lazio 's second goal of the game in the win against Empoli . Lazio midfielder Stefano Mauri celebrates with teammate Antonio Candreva after scoring . The Giallorossi are now 13 points behind Juve after struggling to draw 1-1 at Torino on Sunday . Rudi Garcia 's men needed an Alessandro Florenzi penalty to take the lead on 57 minutes , but Maxi Lopez promptly equalised to send Roma towards their ninth draw from 13 games . Napoli 's Belgium forward Dries Mertens celebrates after scoring during their win against Fiorentina . Napoli shrugged off the disappointment of a disallowed ghost goal to push on and beat Fiorentina 3-0 to retake fourth place . The Azzurri returned to the race for a Champions League place when Dries Mertens opened the scoring midway through the first half . Gonzalo Higuain 's thunderous drive appeared to cross the line before the break , only for the officials to rule otherwise , meaning Marek Hamsik and Jose Callejon had to make the points safe . Slovakian midfielder Marek Hamsik celebrates his goal as Napoli thumped Fiorentina at home . Palermo 's long wait for a second away win came to an end with a 3-1 win at Udinese . Achraaf Lazaar put the visitors on their way in the 15th minute before Luca Rigoni doubled Palermo 's lead six minutes later and Ivaylo Chochev made it 3-0 in the 66th minute . Udinese did not take a shot on goal until nine minutes from time when Antonio Di Natale beat Palermo goalkeeper Stefano Sorrentino . Palermo 's Luca Rigoni celebrates an important goal as they record just their second away win of the season . Sergio Pellissier struck late on to boost Chievo 13 points clear of the relegation zone with a 1-0 victory at Cesena , while Atalanta opened a seven-point gap on the drop zone with a precious win . Two goals from German Denis in Bergamo saw the Nerazzurri edge out Sassuolo 2-1 , with Domenico Berardi notching a second-half goal for the visitors . Atalanta ace German Denis celebrates after scoring in the win over Sassuolo in Bergamo .