Tabby cat George turned up 128 miles from its home after apparently hitching a ride in a caravan . A runaway cat turned up 128 miles from his home after apparently hitching a ride in a caravan . George was last seen running off in the direction of a caravan park near his home in North Wales and was found on a doorstep in West Yorkshire five weeks later . He has now been reunited with his owners after Julia Hill , who found the 18-year-old tabby outside her home in Calderdale last week , posted on a lost and found cats Facebook group . Owners Steven Davison , 71 , and his wife Susan , 68 , from Llanrwst in the Conwy Valley , could n't believe their luck when their daughter Gemma Davison-Lemalle , 30 , saw a picture of her childhood pet on the page . Mrs Davison-Lemalle said : ` It 's a miracle . Around a month ago , my dad drove to the garage in Llanrwst and as he got out of the car , he thought he saw a cat running off in the corner of his eye . ` At the time he thought nothing of it and did n't say anything but when we got home that afternoon George was nowhere to be seen . ` We think George must have sneaked into the car and ran towards the caravan site that is nearby . ` We ca n't think of any other way of him getting to Yorkshire other than stowing away in a vehicle or caravan belonging to a tourist . ` It 's absolutely bonkers to think he travelled so far . We wo n't be letting him out of our sight ever again . ' She revealed her pet had been was rescued from the Bryn-y-Maen animal shelter in Colwyn Bay when he was a kitten and was living with her parents when he disappeared . Her mother , Susan , said : ` Goodness only knows how he got that far - he 's always been a curious cat but he 's never done anything like this before . He has now been reunited with owners Steven Davison and his wife Susan -LRB- pictured together with George -RRB- . ` We thought we 'd lost him for good so it 's amazing to have him back . We 're over the moon . ' But the mammoth cross-country journey took its toll on the 18-year-old cat and when the family went to collect him they realised he had cat flu . ` When we got there we realised he was n't very well . He had cat flu , ' said Gemma . ` He 's back where he belongs and he is happy and settled . ' Ms Hill , who found George and started the appeal , said the cat was ` poorly , thin and grumpy ' when he turned up on her doorstep . ` The cat just turned up outside my house last week , ' she said . Gemma Davison-Lemalle , 30 , saw a picture of her childhood pet on the Facebook group and got in touch . The 128-mile journey from Llanrwst in the Conwy Valley to Calderdale , West Yorkshire , would have taken a minimum of four-and-a-half hours including two bus trips and three train changes . ` I took him to the local vets to see if he was chipped and they found he was registered to an address in North Wales . ` He was so poorly , thin and grumpy , I think he may have died if we had n't taken pity on him . She added : ` I 'm sad he 's gone but I 'm really pleased he has gone home to his owners . ` Steve and Sue were so pleased to see him , he was sat outside when they arrived . ` It 's still a mystery how he got here , but hopefully he 's none the worse for his adventure . ' The 128-mile journey would have taken a minimum of four-and-a-half hours including two bus trips and three train changes . Gemma said : ` We ca n't thank Julia enough for taking such good care of him for us . We 're so excited to have him back . ' He has now been reunited with his owners -LRB- together left -RRB- after Julia Hill -LRB- right -RRB- , who found the 18-year-old tabby outside her home in Calderdale last week , posted on a lost and found cats Facebook group .