Tom Ince scored two fantastic goals in front of his dad as Derby twice came from behind to share the points in a thrilling 4-4 draw at Huddersfield . Former England and Manchester United midfielder Paul was in the stands as the on-loan Hull player scored two long-range efforts for the visitors , one in each half . Play-off chasing Derby were 1-0 up , 3-1 down and 4-3 behind in an amazing game which also saw Huddersfield have three goals ruled out . Tom Ince -LRB- centre -RRB- is currently on loan at Derby from Premier League side Hull City and has been in fine form . Huddersfield -LRB- 4-4-2 -RRB- : Smithies , Smith , Hudson , Lynch , Scannell , Gobern , Coady -LRB- Hogg 81 -RRB- , Butterfield , James , Wells -LRB- Bunn 88 -RRB- , Miller . Subs not used : Edgar , Murphy , Wallace , Lolley , Billing . Booked : James , Butterfield . Scorers : Gobern 38 , Hudson 41 , James 45 , Wells 72 . Derby -LRB- 4-4-2 -RRB- : Grant , Shotton , Keogh , Whitbread -LRB- Christie 27 -RRB- , Warnock , Hendrick , Hughes -LRB- Russell 79 -RRB- , Bryson -LRB- Dawkins 9 -RRB- , Ince , Bent , Lingard . Subs not used : Forsyth , Ward , Sammon , Roos . Booked : Dawkins . Scorers : Ince 16 , 79 , Dawkins 52 , Lingard 61 . Referee : Dean Whitestone . Attendance : 15,889 . Ince crashed home a stunning 25-yard drive on 16 minutes seconds after seeing a free-kick from similar distance saved . Derby lost Craig Bryson to injury early on and then Zak Whitbread also went off on 27 minutes . After that Huddersfield , seeking back-to-back home wins against play-off contenders after beating Ipswich last time out , stepped up a gear . Nahki Wells and Ishmael Miller went close before three goals in seven minutes left Derby shell-shocked . There was controversy about Huddersfield 's first on 38 minutes when Oscar Gobern appeared to handle Conor Coady 's ball into the box . Everybody except Gobern seemed to stop for a flag or whistle but neither came and he hooked in from close range . Gobern , out of contract at the end of the season , last scored for Huddersfield in January 2012 . A Mark Hudson header from a Reece James corner deflected into the net off a Derby defender on 41 minutes . Reece James , on-loan from Manchester United , then scored his first goal for the Terriers straight from a corner . He whipped in an effort from the right in first-half injury time and it went in after Derby keeper Lee Grant came for but missed the ball . Derby came out for the second half on fire and were quickly level when first Simon Dawkins and then Jesse Lingard scored . Substitute Dawkins fired in from a Stephen Warnock cross on 52 minutes while Lingard struck from outside the box after Dawkins initially tried to shoot . Midfielder Lingard , like James , is on loan from Manchester United but unlike the Town man has just signed new a two-year contract at Old Trafford . Huddersfield , pegged back at 3-3 , would not give up and were in front again when Wells had a shot deflected in . He had already had a goal ruled on 57 minutes when he followed up with an effort off which looped into the net off a Derby defender after Ishmael Miller was denied . It was end-to-end action and Ince scored his second - again from distance - after good work by Darren Bent to make it 4-4 on 79 minutes . Miller had two goals ruled out , one for a foul on Grant and the other , in stoppage time , for offside . Also in injury time Hudson headed wide from a Jacob Butterfield cross while Johnny Russell nearly had the last word with a free-kick which just went over . A point will help cement Derby 's play-off position . Huddersfield , who are already safe , are now unbeaten in five matches .