A second cruise has docked in San Diego with a massive outbreak of the noxious norovirus , which causes vomiting and diarrhea . Royal Caribbean 's Legend of the Seas reported 135 passengers took ill before it docked Tuesday . Just one day prior , the Celebrity Infinity cruise liner docked in the Southern California city with 106 sick . Both ships are owned by Royal Caribbean . The Legend of the Seas was carrying 1,763 passengers and 747 crew on 15-night cruise from Fort Lauderdale , Florida . Scroll down for video . The Legend of the Seas docked on Tuesday with 135 sick passengers aboard - the second Royal Caribbean ship infected in two days . The Celebrity Infinity , which docked Monday , reported 106 people who had fallen ill with norovirus . Crews immediately got to work scrubbing down and sanitizing both ships . Norovirus can live on surfaces for weeks , meaning other passengers could also be infected . The Celebrity Inifity , which carried 2,117 passengers and 964 crew , sailed the same path from Florida through the Mexican Riviera . One of the passengers on the Legend of the Seas , Brooke Fagan , described a day of horrible gastrointestinal problems aboard the ship . ` I ended up feeling very very sick , very lethargic , very run-down . could n't really get out of bed . Ended up throwing up and just had major issues all day , ' she told KFMB-TV . Fagan believes the virus came from the ship 's port of call in Guatemala . She says she fell ill shortly after that stop . The crew aboard the Legend of the Seas quarantined 15 people who fell ill to their staterooms for 48 hours . Norovirus is an extremely contagious virus from contaminated water or food that can live on surfaces for weeks . It causes severe gastrointestinal distress . After both ships docked , crews went to work scrubbing down every inch of the cabins and common rooms . The CDC , which is investigating the matter , said : ` One CDC Vessel Sanitation Program environmental health officer and one epidemiologist have boarded the ship in San Diego , CA on April 13 , 2015 to conduct an environmental health assessment and evaluate the outbreak and response activities . Both ships sailed from Fort Lauderdale , Florida , to San Diego for 15-night cruises . The Celebrity Infinity is pictured here . ` Specimens have been collected and have been tested by CDC to determine the causative agent for this outbreak is norovirus . ' The CDC also sent a crew aboard the Legend of the Seas . In a statement sent to Daily Mail Online , Celebrity Cruises said : ` Those affected by the short-lived illness responded well to over-the-counter medication being administered onboard the ship , ' the company said . ` During the sailing , we took a number of steps to prevent the transmission of the illness , including implementing enhanced cleaning procedures and protocols , and using special cleaning products and disinfectants that are proven to kill norovirus to clean throughout the ship . ` Additionally , when Celebrity Infinity arrived to San Diego , California , today , we began an extensive and thorough sanitizing onboard the ship and within the cruise terminal , to help prevent any illness from affecting the subsequent sailing . ' The statement continued ` Also , all guests will receive a letter at boarding that asks if they have experienced any gastrointestinal symptoms within the last three days . Similarly , if any guest is uncomfortable taking their cruise , for reasons related to personal health or otherwise , our staff assisted them in rescheduling their sailing for another time . ' The Maritime-Executive reported the ship previously experienced gastrointestinal illness outbreaks in 2006 and 2013 .