Sam Burgess starred for Bath as Mike Ford 's men moved within one point of Aviva Premiership leaders Northampton with a five-try hammering of London Irish at the Rec . Burgess , playing only his second game at blindside flanker , claimed the man-of-the-match award and was among the try-scorers along with Leroy Houston , Jonathan Joseph , Matt Banahan and Semesa Rokoduguni . The Exiles were ahead at half-time thanks to Tom Court 's try , but Bath were in imperious form in the second period and coasted to victory - Blair Cowan scored a late consolation for the visitors . Bath flanker Sam Burgess is tackled by Exiles winger Alex Lewington -LRB- left -RRB- and Tom Court . London Irish loosehead Tom Court burrows over for a try late in the first half . Bath No 8 Leroy Houston powers over from close range following a strong scrum from the home side . Ford fired the home side into an early lead with a third minute peanlty after Exiles No 8 Tom Guest infringed at the breakdown . Bath began the match a furious pace and soon had the second kickable penalty of the night with Ford making no mistake from the tee four minutes later . Chris Noakes registered the first points of the night for the visitors in the 16th minute following a powerful Exiles scrum . Ford added two more penalties to give Bath a comfortable 12-3 lead after 30 minutes of play . Noakes clawed back three points with a second penalty and the former Auckland Blues No 10 almost scored the first try of contest when he intercepted Houston 's pass to sprint clear . Anthony Watson had other ideas , however , as the England flyer showed great pace to get back and bring down the Exiles playmaker . Bath winger Matt Banahan glides over for another five-pointer during a dominate second-half . The Exiles were not be denied before the break as ex-Ulster prop Court burrowed over from close range after great work from Guest and Topsy Ojo in the build-up . Noakes knocked over the conversion to give his side a 13-12 lead heading into the break . It took Bath just six minutes of the second half to get their act together , however , as Houston peeled off an untidy scrum to touch down , with Ford adding the conversion . Five minutes later , Joseph raced away to score from his own chip and collect after deft work by Houston and Francois Louw . Ford converted again to give Bath a 26-13 lead . Bath lock Dave Attwood celebrates Burgess 's bonus point-clinching try at the Rec . The third Bath try followed almost immediately as replacement lock Matt Garvey made a storming run into the visitors 22 . From the ensuing ruck , the ball was moved swiftly to Kyle Eastmond whose long pass gave Banahan an easy route to the corner . This time Ford was wide with the conversion but the bonus point was wrapped up on the hour mark as Burgess touched down following a powerful driving maul from the home pack . Rokoduguni completed the rout in the 72nd minute with an easy finish in the corner . Scotland flanker Cowan barged his way over in the dying minutes but it was merely a consolation for Glenn Delaney 's side . Fly half George Ford was in sparking form for the West Country outfit against the Exiles .