Roma have been ordered to close part of their stadium for their next home game after supporters were sanctioned for showing an offensive banner over the weekend . The banner , displayed during Roma 's 1-0 defeat of Napoli on Saturday , caused outcry for insulting the mother of a Napoli fan who was killed in violent clashes between supporters last year . A Serie A disciplinary tribunal stated the banners were ` by their content provocatively insulting to the mother of a supporter of the opposing team , who died in dramatic circumstances ' . Roma players celebrate their 1-0 victory over Napoli , but the club have been punished for an offensive banner . Roma fans display banners during the game , although a banner -LRB- not shown -RRB- taunting the mother of a Napoli fan who died after violent clashes last year caused outcry . Roma will have part of their stadium closed for the league match with Atalanta on April 19 . The taunts were aimed at Antonella Leardi whose son Ciro Esposito died after being shot during violent clashes that followed last year 's Coppa Italia final in Rome . Although Napoli defeated Fiorentina 3-1 in the final , but the incident involved clashes with Roma supporters - encouraging Leardi to start a campaign against football violence . Roma 's Stadio Olimpico Stadium will be part closed for game against Atalanta on April 19 . A young Napoli fan died after clashes between supporters following last year 's Coppa Italia final . Napoli defeated Fiorentina in the 2014 Coppa final , but Roma fans were involved in clashes after the game . Club president James Pallotta has condemned the club 's fans in a statement on their official website : ` As has been expressed repeatedly , AS Roma considers any events that lead to the loss of life at a football match to be a defeat for civil society as a whole , regardless of affiliations to clubs or fan groups . ` The enormous pain that follows such events deserves maximum , unconditional respect from all and necessitates that all parties -- fans , clubs and law enforcement agencies -- strive to ensure that such pain is not renewed , not even verbally , in the stands of a stadium . ' The mother , Leardi , told the ANSA news agency : ` May God change the hearts of those people who wrote those banners . ` I watched the game on TV and I was hurt by those words . It pains to hear such horrible things said about a son who has been lost . '