Zlatan Ibrahimovic and substitute Edinson Cavani both scored twice Saturday as Paris Saint-Germain won their first trophy of the season by retaining the League Cup with victory over 10-man Bastia . Ibrahimovic , who missed last season 's final through injury , opened the scoring from the penalty spot after Sebastien Squillaci was sent off , and doubled the lead just before halftime . Cavani added more luster to the win in the closing stages of the match with a fine header and a cool finish at the end of a counterattack . Thiago Silva holds the French League Cup aloft after PSG beat Bastia 4-0 in the Stade de France on Saturday . Zlatan Ibrahimovic is covered in gold confetti after PSG claim their first trophy of the season . Edinson Cavani , who scored twice during the win , celebrates with the trophy . Bastia -LRB- 4-2-3-1 -RRB- : Areola ; Marange , Squillaci , Modesto , Cioni , Cahuzac , Gillet , Palmieri -LRB- Ayite 68 -RRB- , Boudebouz , Danic -LRB- Peybernes 22 -RRB- , Sio -LRB- Brandao 81 -RRB- . Subs not used : Leca , Diakite , Romaric , Kamano . Booked : Cahuzac , Peybernes , Cioni . Sent off : Squillaci 20 . Manager : Ghislain Printant . PSG -LRB- 4-3-3 -RRB- : Douchez ; Aurier , Marquinhos , Thiago Silva , Maxwell , Verratti , Rabiot -LRB- Cabaye 77 -RRB- , Matuidi , Lavezzi Cavani 63 -RRB- , Ibrahimovic , Pastore -LRB- Lucas 72 -RRB- . Subs not used : Sirigu , Camara , Digne , Van der Wiel . Booked : Lavezzi . Scorer -LRB- s -RRB- : Ibrahimovic 21 , 41 , Cavani 80 , 90 +2 . Manager : Laurent Blanc . Referee : Benoit Bastien . PSG are chasing an unprecedented quadruple , as Laurent Blanc 's side also made it to the French Cup final and currently lead Ligue 1 . But they will be without Ibrahimovic next week against Barcelona in the first leg of the Champions League quarterfinals and the Sweden striker will miss also miss four matches of the domestic season after receiving another ban for his criticism of a referee . Ibrahimovic has been in tremendous form recently , scoring a hat trick in the 4-1 win over Saint-Etienne in the French Cup semifinals midweek and has bagged 13 goals in his last seven appearances for club and country . Once again , he was the man of the match at the Stade de France . With David Luiz and Thiago Motta both out with injuries , Serge Aurier returned to the PSG defence while Adrien Rabiot was given a starting role in midfield . In a tight start to the game , PSG created the first chance in the fourth minute when Ibrahimovic collected a long pass in the box following a free kick from Ezequiel Lavezzi , but the Swede was flagged offside . The PSG players celebrate as they are crowned winners of the French League Cup . Sweden international Ibrahimovic opened the scoring from the penalty spot in the first half . The former AC Milan striker jumps for joy after finding the target from the penalty spot . Former Arsenal defender Sebastien Squillaci was sent off for the foul that led to the penalty . PSG had a penalty claim turn down soon after when Gael Danic touched the ball with his right arm inside the box . But referee Benoit Bastien did point to the spot in the 20th minute when Squillaci brought Lavezzi down , with the former Arsenal player receiving a straight red card for his foul . Second on PSG 's all-time top scorers list behind Pedro Pauleta with 104 goals , Ibrahimovic made no mistake from the spot , sending keeper Alphonse Areola the wrong way with a shot in the top left corner . Squillaci 's red card forced Bastia coach Ghislain Printant to change his strategy , with Mathieu Peybernes coming in for Danic . The move did not make a big difference as PSG took complete control of the match and overwhelmed Bastia midfield . Ibrahimovic doubled the French champions ' lead before half-time to put them firmly in control . The 33-year-old celebrates with team-mate Marquinhos as PSG cruised to victory . Pegged back in their own half , the Corsicans fought back PSG 's relentless attacks for 20 minutes but a poor headed clearance from Peybernes fell into Ibrahimovic 's path , with the 33-year-old chesting the ball down before unleashing a low shot at the near post to double the lead . PSG continued to apply pressure after the interval and went close in the 48th when Pastore saw his angled shot end just wide at the far post . PSG goalkeeper Nicolas Douchez enjoyed a quiet evening and Florian Marange failed to convert Bastia 's first chance in the 56th minute , sending his header just wide . Uruguay international Cavani celebrates after scoring in the final on Saturday . The forward , who has been linked with a move away from PSG , gives the thumbs-up . Th Bastia players stand on the pitch looking dejected after the match . Bastia tried everything in the closing stages of the game but lacked a cutting edge and were caught on the break when Cavani struck a perfect header at the far post from Aurier 's cross to make it 3-0 with 10 minutes remaining . Another PSG counterattack brought another goal in added time , with Cavani curling a shot past Areola from Ibrahimovic 's assist as PSG claimed its fifth League Cup . ` The match was over after 20 minutes following the penalty and the sending off , ' said Marange . ` We knew the referee would not make us any gift . '