It was the high point of their young careers . As silver confetti rained down , the Chelsea players took their turn to lift the UEFA Youth League trophy towards the cloudless Swiss sky . Each was cheered to the echo by their team-mates and the crowd . Their 3-2 victory over Shakhtar Donetsk in Nyon meant another piece of silverware for the ever-expanding cabinet at Chelsea 's academy . It will be seen there as affirmation of the superiority of the Stamford Bridge production line . They are the defending Under 21 Premier League champions and the holders of the FA Youth Cup , which they will put on the line against Manchester City next week in their fifth final in six seasons . Two goal hero Izzy Brown holds aloft the trophy as Chelsea win the UEFA Youth Team League . Goal scorers Dominic Solanke -LRB- left -RRB- and Brown pose with their medals in their mouths after sealing victory . Chelsea 's Under 19 squad celebrate their European victory after an impressive campaign . The Blues defeated teams of the calibre of Atletico Madrid and Roma to reach the final . And now , at Under 19 standard , they are officially the best team in Europe after their free-scoring attack found the net 36 times in 10 matches en route to victory . But here comes the real test of Chelsea 's academy . How many of these talented tyros will graduate to Jose Mourinho 's first-team in the next year or two ? Will Dominic Solanke , the England Under 18 striker whose goal in the final took his season 's Youth League tally to a tournament-best 12 , be challenging Diego Costa for a place in the coming seasons ? Will Izzy Brown , given a tantalising taste of first-team involvement when named on the bench for Sunday 's match at QPR before flying back to captain the team and score twice here , be absorbed into Mourinho 's forward line ? Brown , who was snatched away from West Brom 's youtyh system , fired home to give Chelsea the lead . Brown races off to celebrate his opening strike closely followed by his Chelsea team-mates . Solanke , Brown and the elegant central midfielder Ruben Loftus-Cheek have all been involved in the first-team squad , grabbing minutes here and there , but we all wait and wonder whether they will become regulars . Coach Adi Viveash struck an optimistic tone : ` Do I feel they 're getting closer ? Yes . Do I feel players from this group will come through ? Yes . I 'm confident of that . ` You ca n't have a team that 's won as much as it has and have the different range of qualities and strengths as we have and not feel confident some will come through . ` Ruben , Dominic and Andreas -LRB- Christensen -RRB- have got minutes this season but it is all right getting minutes , they 've got to get to the next stage . ' And it is in getting players to that next stage that Chelsea , so far at least , have struggled . While many of their academy products have gained minutes here and there , you have to go back to John Terry to find a bona fide first-teamer who has come through the ranks . Brown is mobbed on the floor as team-mates rush to congratulate him for his opener . Shakhtar drew level when Blues defender Andreas Christensen -LRB- centre -RRB- scored an own goal in the first-half . Take a look at the side that played in the 2010 FA Youth Cup triumph over Aston Villa . Centre back Jeffrey Bruma made nine senior appearances for Chelsea before spending time on loan at Leicester City and Hamburg . He was sold to PSV in 2013 . Josh McEachran , the midfielder tipped as England 's next great hope , is currently at Vitesse in Holland , his fifth loan spell in three years . Now 22 , his chance at Chelsea has long passed . Nathaniel Chalobah scored in Chelsea 's 2012 FA Youth Cup final win over Blackburn . Now 20 , he is at Burnley , his fifth loan spell in the last three seasons . Leading scorer Solanke put Chelsea back in the lead shortly after the interval with a close range header . Chelsea striker Solanke wheels away after netting in the Blues ' 3-2 victory over Shakhtar Donetsk . Solanke celebrates his goal with the impressive Jeremie Boga who provided the assist . Solanke leaps for joy after handing Chelsea the lead while becoming the tournament 's top scorer . Brown completed his brace with a drilled shot from outside the area in the second half . Chelsea 's rising star goes to celebrate with team-mate Charly Musonda after netting the eventual winner . Chelsea youth manager Adrian Viveash rallies his troops from the touchline . The Brazilian Lucas Piazon , also in that team , is now at Eintracht Frankfurt in Germany after loan spells at Malaga and Vitesse . All of the above were tipped for Chelsea stardom and are still on the waiting list . It now remains to be seen if Chelsea 's latest generation of talented youngsters can buck the trend and break the mould by catching Mourinho 's eye . French attacking midfielder Boga , who set up two goals for the Blues during the match , takes a free-kick . Chelsea youngsters , led by captain Brown , begin their celebrations by raising aloft the trophy . Chelsea players pose with the trophy in the changing room after the victory over Shakhtar on Monday .