Sheriffs are hunting a gunman who shot a young woman through the neck as she was driving down a Colorado interstate , amid fears he may have tried to attack other drivers too . The unnamed 20-year-old woman was driving on the I-25 in Weld County , north of Denver , when her window shattered and she felt bleeding from both sides of her neck . In a chilling 911 call from around 11 pm Wednesday night , she told operators : ` I 'm on the highway right now and somebody just hit me and I 'm bleeding from my neck and I 'm scared . ` I do n't know if they hit me or if they threw something out the window ... my neck hurts . I think there 's glass in my neck . ' Scroll down for video . Highway shooting : A bullet passed clean through a woman 's neck after she was shot at by an unknown gunman driving down the I-25 highway north of Denver , Colorado . She was taken to hospital where surgeons found she had been shot clean through the neck . Miraculously , the bullet did not damage the woman 's airway or sever any major blood vessels . She is expected to recover , according to 7News Denver . The woman , from the nearby town of Milliken , said that she had seen a dark SUV just before her window shattered and she felt the gunshot wound . Deputies from the Weld County Sheriff 's Office have said that the shooting may be linked to other unexplained reports of shattered windows on highways in northern Colorado . Hours before the woman was shot , a man 's rear window was shattered as he drove on the nearby I-76 after he heard a ` pop ' sound which could have been gunfire . The previous day a prison van transporting inmates along the I-25 had its window shattered by an unidentified ` projectile ' , the Coloradoan reported . Another incident came on Thursday , when a man 's driver-side window shattered as he drove down a nearby county road during the daytime . Nobody was injured in any of the other incidents . Larimer County Sheriff Justin Smith said drivers should be aware and report suspicious behavior as deputies investigate . ` There 's a lot more leg work that needs to be done on this case , ' Smith said . ` It 's hard because at this point we have no indication that this person was targeted by a person looking for her . ' Deputies were yesterday pictured investigating an abandoned black SUV on I-25 , which had shattered rear windows . It is not clear whether this was the vehicle the woman had seen .