A 12-year-old sports fan from Texas - who 's become a star in his own right for his National Anthem-singing skills - was surprised by one of his idols on Tuesday night . Nicholas Connors gave a rousing performance ahead of the Houston Rockets and Dallas Mavericks NBA playoffs game - with one of his favorite NFL players watching from the sidelines , Houston Texans defensive lineman J.J. Watt . When Nicholas finished , the 26-year-old player ran across the court to congratulate him . And the heartwarming moment was caught on camera . Footage - secured by a spectator and shared on Vine - shows Nicholas looking confused at first when he 's caught off-guard and tapped on the shoulder . Look of shock : A 12-year-old basketball fan from Texas who 's become a star in his own right for his National Anthem-singing skills was surprised by one of his idols on Tuesday night . However , his look of confusion quickly turns into shock as he realizes who he 's looking at . The youngster then proceeds to give Watt a big hug . So far , the clip of the singer 's emotional encounter has scored more than one million hits . Nicholas has made quite a name for himself in Houston , where he regularly performs at sports games . Indeed , one video of him singing from last November has accrued more than 38,000 hits on YouTube . Hey there ! Nicholas Connors gave a rousing performance ahead of the Houston Rockets and Dallas Mavericks game , with one of his favorite players watching from the sidelines - Houston Texans defensive lineman J.J. Watt . Wow ! Footage , secured by a spectator and shared on Vine , shows Nicholas looking confused at first when he 's caught off-guard and tapped on the shoulder . Many viewers have deemed his performance ` awesome ' and ` inspirational ' . One fan added : ` That was shockingly good ! So impressive to see such poise and talent from a 12-year-old . Best of luck to him . ' Nicholas then got the ultimate thumbs up this week from one of his top sportsmen . Watt sat on the sidelines to watch the Houston Rockets-Dallas Mavericks playoff game . He later celebrated the Rockets ' 111-99 win with jubilant dance moves . He was even spotted twerking with one audience member . On Wednesday , Watt asked Twitter to help him get in touch with Nicholas . Maybe we 'll soon be seeing the performer at NFL games too .