A Queensland man was shocked when he discovered his delivery from five kilometres away had been on 2000 km journey . The man , who only gave his name as Chris ordered some computer equipment be delivered from Griffith University at Nathan in Brisbane 's south to a parcel locker at Sunnybank - located less than five kilometres apart . The tracking information of his delivery detailed its three-day , two-state odyssey . Chris said Australia Post had not been in touch to apologise for the delay . The package was sent almost 2000kms away to Chullora in New South Wales , after it was picked up in Nathan , Queensland . The package was picked up from the sender in Nathan , Queensland , on Monday , April 20 at 12:26 pm . It was then sent 934kms to an Australia Post facility in Chullora , NSW , to be processed , and arrived on Tuesday , April 21 , at 1:19 pm . The next day it was sent all the way back to Queensland , and was processed at a facility in Underwood on Wednesday , April 22 , at 6:35 pm . The package finally made it to Sunnybank on Thursday , April 23 , at 10:02 am . Chris , 20 , ordered some computer equipment be delivered from Griffith University at Nathan in Brisbane 's south to a parcel locker at Sunnybank - located less than five kilometres apart . ` There 's just no common sense , ' Chris , 20 , told Daily Mail Australia . He also said he had problems with deliveries in the past , he ` following up on the whereabouts of a package/complain about a driver not attempting a delivery used to be a monthly occurrence ' . ` We have grown so accustomed to having Australia post as the only viable option that they 've settled for incompetence , ' Chris said . He said Australia Post had not contacted him to apologise for the delay . He also suggested introducing penalties to help improve the quality of service . The delivery information shows the journey a Queensland man 's package was sent on . ` We have grown so accustomed to having Australia post as the only viable option that they 've settled for incompetence , ' Chris said .