Stuart McCall on Sunday night admitted the finest performance of his short Ibrox reign left him with ` goosebumps ' and a growing belief that he can steer revitalised Rangers up to the Premiership . On a day which ended with Ibrox captain Lee McCulloch publicly apologising for a reckless red card , first-half goals from Kenny Miller and Haris Vuckic were enough to ensure the captain 's 44th-minute folly did not prevent Rangers securing an important three points against Championship title winners Hearts . Genero Zeefuik pulled back a late consolation for Robbie Neilson 's men but Rangers closed out the game to make it three wins in a row as McCall 's improving side leapfrogged Hibs into second place with six games remaining . Kenny Miller -LRB- left -RRB- celebrates scoring for Rangers against Championship winners Hearts on Sunday . And last night the delighted Ibrox caretaker boss admitted he is starting to trust that his players can take charge of their own destiny in the end-of-season play-offs . ` I 'm beginning to trust the players the more and more I work with them , ' said McCall . ` I 'm very proud of the team and the fans . Hearts had won nine on the bounce before today and they are champions for a reason . They 've won 26 out of 30 games . ` But we scored two terrific goals and the tempo and passing in the first half in particular was outstanding . Haris Vuckic -LRB- centre -RRB- scored the decisive goal for Rangers in the 2-1 victory that moved them into second . ` The second half was about guts and desire and being a good team-mate . ` It was a hard shift and there were a lot of tired boys at full-time -- but it was a deserved win in the end . ` I 've got to say that was probably the first time for a long , long , long time -- probably since I was playing -- that I have been out there and got goosebumps . I thought the boys deserved their applause at the end . ` Hibs have lost three on the bounce now and we 've won three on the bounce , so that shows how things can change quickly in football . Rangers were reduced to 10 men when captain Lee McCulloch was dismissed from the pitch . Staurt McCall says the Gers captain apologised to him as well as the players after the incident . ` We 've got a tough game at Queen of the South on Thursday and all we want is to keep improving . ` But we can take belief , confidence and momentum forward from this . ' After the match , McCulloch made a brief appearance on BT Sport to apologise for his red card for an elbow on Osman Sow . He said : ` I felt as though I was caught in no-man 's land , if he won the header there would have been a runner in . Genero Zeefuik tapped in from close range as Hearts scored a consolation against Rangers . ` There was no intent whatsoever , I can say that honestly , but obviously I 'm disappointed . ` I 've apologised to all the management , all my team-mates , I feel as if I 've let myself down . ' McCulloch is out of contract at the end of this season and when asked if he would like to remain at Ibrox , he said : ` Of course I want to stay here . I 've got a part to play I feel for the run-in and get the club back to where we want to be . ' McCall plans to watch the incident again before deciding what action , if any , to take against his captain , who now misses Thursday night 's match at Queen of the South . Victory for Rangers moves them into second and continues their resurgence under Stuart McCall . He said : ` I missed the challenge but the referee said he 's caught the boy with an elbow . ` Jig 's come in and apologised to me and the team afterwards , so it must have merited a red card . ` Am I disappointed that such an experienced player would do that at such an important time of the season ? That 's a good question but I 've not had time to think about it . I 'll look at it then speak to him . ' McCulloch walks off the pitch after he was shown the red card on Easter Sunday . But McCall praised the attitude of the players who remained on the park and won three points . ` Attitude and desire has got to be a gim me if you want to play here at Rangers , ' he added . ` It 's easy to buckle and go into your shell when things are n't going well but we saw today people puffed out their chests . ` They are enjoying themselves because of the way we are playing and results . But they know if they do n't perform like that every week they will be out of the team . '