Jeremy Clarkson is set to appear on the BBC again just weeks after he was sacked from Top Gear for punching a producer . The TV host will appear as a guest presenter on satirical panel show Have I Got News For You later this month . It is believed he was booked to appear on the comedy programme before he was dropped from Top Gear after a ` fracas ' with producer Oisin Tymon , one of the show 's producers , over a steak dinner . Scroll down for video . Jeremy Clarkson hosting a previous edition of Have I Got News For You . He is set to appear on the BBC show on April 25 , just one month after being sacked from Top Gear . Clarkson was dropped from the motoring show by the BBC on March 25 , but will be the guest presenter on Have I Got News For You on April 25 , with filming taking place the day before . It is understood that bosses at the corporation took weeks to consider if he should be allowed to host the show before deciding saying although his Top Gear contract was not renewed , he is n't banned from appearing on the BBC . Clarkson is one of the quiz show 's most frequent guest hosts , having fronted it on 11 occasions and also appearing as a panellist once alongside quiz captains Paul Merton and Ian Hislop . Last month , Jimmy Mulville from production company Hat Trick , which makes Have I Got News For You , confirmed that the former Top Gear host would appear on the show , calling him a ` fantastic broadcaster ' . Clarkson was sacked from Top Gear after punching producer Oisin Tymon , pictured , after a row over a steak dinner . He told a meeting of the Broadcasting Press Guild : ` As far as I 'm concerned he is hosting Have I Got News For You , the BBC has not told me what to do yet and it will be an interesting conversation . He also joked : ` Maybe we will get the producer on so he can hit Jeremy Clarkson live on television . ' The show will also mark the first time that Clarkson has appeared on the BBC since the last edition of Top Gear was screened on March 8 . Yesterday , it was revealed that the 54-year-old would not face prosecution over the attack , which led to his sacking from the show . Police had opened an investigation into the incident , which took place at a hotel in Hawes , North Yorkshire last month after Clarkson had been filming Top Gear in the area . However , after the victim Mr Tymon said that he did not want to press charges , North Yorkshire Police has now decided to drop the probe without taking action against Clarkson . The incident , described as a ` fracas ' by BBC officials , occurred when Clarkson discovered that the hotel where he was staying could not serve him a hot meal following a day 's filming . An official report found that the 54-year-old presenter punched Mr Tymon in the mouth before being dragged away by a witness , causing the producer to go to a & e for emergency treatment . He also verbally abused him for 20 minutes , blaming Mr Tymon for failing to ensure that he could get a steak at the hotel . The BBC has said that Top Gear is likely to return and continue in some form , but co-presenters James May and Richard Hammond are not expected to return . It is not yet known what Mr Clarkson 's next move will be although he has been linked with a switch to another channel . With the decision not to press charges against him , the TV presenter is now free to chase new deals , which could possibly see him travel abroad to the US , where he would have faced difficulty gaining a visa if he had been convicted . However , he is set to take part in a series of Top Gear Live shows alongside co-presenters Richard Hammond and James May , although the performances will be rebranded . The BBC has said that Top Gear is likely to continue in some form , but Mr Hammond and Mr May are not expected to return . The star had received widespread public support - including from his friend Prime Minister David Cameron - in the aftermath of the fracas , and one million people signed a petition calling for the BBC to reinstate him . But BBC director-general Tony Hall said ` a line has been crossed ' and ` there can not be one rule for one and one rule for another ' . Police are still investigating threats to kill Mr Hall , reportedly linked to his decision to axe Clarkson . Mr Hall , former chief executive of the Royal Opera House , took over the £ 450,000 BBC post in April 2013 to replace George Entwistle , who left the corporation in the wake of the Jimmy Savile sex abuse scandal .