Children who experience stressful events such as a death or illness in the family , divorce or separation , could be three times more likely to develop type 1 diabetes . Swedish scientists analysed more than 10,000 families with children aged two to 14 who did not have the condition , looking at whether there was any family conflict , a change of family structure , interventions from social services or unemployment . Subsequently , 58 children were diagnosed with type 1 diabetes . The researchers found many were among those badly affected by events in their formative years . Children who experience stressful events such as a death or illness in the family , divorce or separation , could be three times more likely to develop type 1 diabetes -LRB- stock image above -RRB- . The team at Linkoping University said that while the causes of type 1 diabetes are unknown , it is usually preceded by the body 's immune system killing so-called beta cells in the pancreas that produce insulin . They suggested damaging events in childhood could affect beta cells and raise insulin demands to cope with elevated levels of stress hormones . Other factors include viral infection , dietary habits , birth weight and early weight gain . The study concluded : ` The experience of a serious life event during the first 14 years of life may be a risk factor . The study suggested damaging events in childhood could affect beta cells and raise insulin demands to cope with elevated levels of stress hormones . Above , a woman tests her blood sugar . ` The current study examined serious life events experienced at any time before diagnosis ; further studies are thus needed to determine when in the autoimmune process psychological stress may contribute . ' Genetic predisposition remains the most important factor , with a 12-fold increase in the risk of developing type 1 diabetes for a child from a family in which another close family member has it . The majority of people have type 2 diabetes , which is associated with being overweight , but more than 95 per cent of cases of diabetes in children are type 1 and rates have been increasing in recent years .