Police are using tiny plastic Lego figures in a campaign to warn people about the rising tide of housebreakings in Scotland . Officers from Police Scotland 's Edinburgh division -- which has seen break-ins soar by nearly 40 per cent -- posted pictures of the Lego models on their Facebook page as part of a move to raise awareness of crime . Last night , victims branded the move as ` insensitive ' and ` a joke ' . Hands up : Plastic Lego figures are being used by police as part of a quirky campaign to warn people about the dangers of housebreaking . But the move received a backlash , with victims branding it as ` a joke ' The police internet posting showed scenes of Lego criminals attempting to break into people 's homes before being arrested by officers -- and were accompanied by a Scots dialect poem giving advice . But the publicity stunt was met with criticism from politicians and victims who said officers should concentrate on solving real crimes . Break-ins in Edinburgh rose by 38.7 per cent in the 12 months to April 2014 , with 4,101 homes hit . Across Scotland , housebreakings rose 4 per cent to 22,272 over the same period . The row will fuel concerns over the number of officers spending their days in police stations , rather than pounding the beat . Last year , critics claimed many officers were having to ` backfill ' -- being taken off beat duties to carry out office jobs previously covered by civilian workers . Be vigilant : The Lego figures are arranged into scenes with robbers and police officers to provide safety tips and highlight the importance of securing people 's homes . Last night Police Scotland defended the campaign . Last night , Police Scotland defended the campaign , pointing out that the photos have been viewed almost 350,000 times . But Scottish Conservative chief whip John Lamont said : ` With housebreaking on the increase , officers should be out solving real crimes , rather than relying on Lego to try and prevent it . ' The pictures are part of an anti-housebreaking drive , Operation RAC . They were uploaded days after police vowed to target a group of 40 criminals suspected of fuelling the city 's housebreaking problem . One image shows a Lego figurine in a hat and standing beside a door . Another shows a man standing on a ledge with another figure below . Poems were posted alongside the pictures , with one reading : ` Staying in or goin oot ? Lock the windaes ` n ' front door . A simple step maybe , that 'll prevent access tae them on the chore . ' ` Keep yer hame safe when yer oot on the go , . By usin ' timers on lights ` n ' even the radio , . Timers are cheap ` n ' it takes seconds tae do , . And it cuid prevent ye fae calling the boys in blue . ' ` Look how ye get access tae the back o ' yer hame , . If it 's easy others wull dae the same , Restrict access tae the rear , . And help prevent others fae choring yer gear . ' One victim of housebreaking , Tamara Swanson from Newhaven , Edinburgh , was not impressed . The 20-year-old was alone in her home last July when an intruder attacked her as she was getting out of the shower . The man grabbed her from behind , punched her and then tried to strangle her before she managed to escape . Speaking last night , she said police had done little to help her since the incident . ` We had to keep phoning them -LSB- Police Scotland -RSB- , ' she said . ` I 'm still going to a psychiatrist and they 're putting a lot of anxiety down to this . I was n't sleeping for months . I did n't feel safe at all . ' Speaking about the online campaign , she said : ` They 're -LSB- people online -RSB- not going to look at it and think , `` That 's interesting '' and do anything about it . ' Her father , Peter Swanson , added : ` Why would they bother doing that ? Lego ? It 's a joke . Police Scotland is a waste of time . ` It 's a money-saving thing , obviously to the detriment of policing . The cartoons are stupid . Get the guys back on the street . ' Another housebreaking victim , Michael Wright said the pictures were ` terrible ' and ` insensitive ' . His house in the Inch area of Edinburgh was broken into just before Christmas , with thieves taking money he had set aside for presents , as well as his Ford Fiesta . Mr Wright , whose young son was at home sleeping at the time of the incident , said : ` Could they not have used the resources elsewhere , rather than reconstructing scenes of burglaries with Lego sets ? ` When I saw that , I thought it was just insensitive to the victims of burglaries . They have nothing better to be doing than sitting behind their computer on Facebook . ' Watch out : The campaign was shared on social media with fun poems . Pictures were uploaded days after police vowed to target a group of 40 criminals suspected of fuelling Edinburgh 's housebreaking problem . He added : ` Most of the people who are being targeted are older folks in their 80s . They do n't have Facebook or social media , so how are they supposed to get the message ? ' Chief Supt Mark Williams , Edinburgh divisional commander , said : ` Over 354,000 people have already seen this campaign on social media giving us significant reach for crime prevention messages . ` Social media is an important tool for communicating with the public . It allows us to provide vital information on crime prevention and advice on keeping safe . '