The Aboriginal teenager who was arrested after anti-terror raids in Melbourne on Saturday has complained he was a victim of police brutality . Eathan Cruse , 19 , one of the five men taken into custody after raids on Saturday morning , said officers assaulted him after he had been handcuffed . ` He grabbed me , handcuffs me , is like ` What 's your name ? ' ... and I said Eathan , ' the man told Nine News . Scroll down for video . Eathan Cruse , 19 , one of the five men taken into custody after raids on Saturday morning , said officers assaulted him after he had been handcuffed . ` He said ` yeah , that 's the one ' ... he kicks me right across the face as my hands were cuffed . ' Eathan was released later in the day . His father , Glen , also said he was brutally attacked by police during the raid , and his son was hospitalised as a result of injuries he sustained . ` I got a boot right in the head and they said ` Shut up you Abo ' , and I could hear Eathan ... getting knocked out cold , ' he said , according to Fairfax Media . Eathan said the police officer grabbed and handcuffed him and asked : ` What 's your name ? ' ... and I said Eathan , ' before assaulting him . Eathan was released later in the day after his initial arrest . ` They smashed him to the ground , and I could hear this , just stomping , stomping . ' He also his family was the only one treated in this way during the raids . ` We are the -LSB- only -RSB- indigenous family of the lot , and we got the worst treatment , ' he said . Victoria Police confirmed a complaint had been made in regards to the treatment of Mr Cruse , and said it had ` been referred to referred to -LRB- the -RRB- professional standards command ' . Eathan 's father , Glen , also said he was brutally attacked by police during the raid , and his son was hospitalised as a result of injuries he sustained . ` They smashed him to the ground , and I could hear this , just stomping , stomping ' It comes after the father of another man arrested during the raid said his family was traumatised by the level of force used by police . The father of one of the arrested teens , said police held a gun to his head and he was forced to lie on the floor for 30 minutes . The arrested man 's sister said she ` woke up to a sniper pointing at -LRB- her -RRB- head ' and police used tear gas to clear the house . The raids were carried out across Melbourne , and reportedly foiled an ANZAC Day terror plot . Australian Federal Police searched the family 's home for 12 hours , and reportedly seized a knife , phones and a USB from the accused man 's bedroom . The family was told on Saturday the teen was being held under an interim preventative detention order . It is the first time a PDO has been used in Victoria under the 2003 Terrorism Act . Sevdet Besim , 18 , was charged with conspiracy to commit acts in planning or preparation for an act of terrorism after the raids . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .