Stan Collymore , talkSPORT lead football pundit who revels in laying down the law on the radio , astonished reporters with his behaviour during Aston Villa 's 3-3 Premier League draw with QPR on Tuesday night . Collymore , despite sitting in the Villa Park press box where media impartiality is taken for granted , was jumping up and down during the game like the most fanatical Villa fan , celebrating the goals with the home supporters . He even greeted QPR 's Joey Barton falling down to win a free-kick by clearly shouting at him : ` You f ****** rat . ' talkSport pundit Stan Collymore was in full fan mode as he celebrated Villa 's 3-3 draw with QPR . The former Villa striker let loose with his wild , and sometimes expletive laden , comments from the press box . Villa fan Collymore believed such actions in the supposed neutral sanctuary of the press box were permissible as he was n't working for talkSPORT during the match . He tweeted : ` With respect , on nights I go as a fan ... I 'm not being paid to do anything other than be a fan . ' And talkSPORT would not comment as they said Collymore was n't on duty , with reporter Nigel Pearson giving his rather more impartial verdict for the station . However Collymore did an interview with Adrian Durham and Darren Gough on talkSPORT before the match . Collymore called Joey Barton a ` f ***** g rat ' after he fell down to win a free-kick for QPR during the game . Jason Gillespie , Yorkshire 's highly-rated championship-winning coach also in charge of Big Bash team Adelaide Strikers , is hardly your archetypal red-meat-eating Aussie fast bowler . Gillespie , who would be first choice for England as well if Peter Moores fails in the West Indies , is preparing for new season by becoming a vegan . Meanwhile Lancashire 's supporters ' action group are questioning the value of having Sky Sports commentator Paul Allott on the club board after Peter Siddle , Lancashire 's overseas signing , was selected for Australia 's tours of the West Indies and England , ruling him out of any county involvement . Yorkshire 's championship winning coach Jason Gillespie is preparing for the season with a new diet . Bookmakers Paddy Power , rabid publicists guaranteed to offend , have a new stunt showing Ruby Walsh supposedly preparing for the Grand National by jumping his horse over a speeding car . The YouTube video is plainly mocked up but , with sensitivities around animal welfare , it was crass of Walsh , jump racing 's pre-eminent jockey after AP McCoy 's forthcoming retirement , to involve himself in such a provocative spoof -- even if he is a Paddy Power ambassador . Ruby Walsh and horse clear a car , claimed to be travelling at 40mph , as part of the Grand National countdown . The split between FA chairman Greg Dyke and vice-chairman David Gill over homegrown players became very apparent during Wednesday 's FA council meeting . After Dyke gave his well-received presentation , Manchester United director Gill , with his Premier League hat on , told council that Dyke should have said ` I ' rather than ` we ' as the issue had yet to be debated by the FA board . Gill wants the consultation period to be a proper process starting at board level -- during which no doubt the Premier League will try to hijack it . So the big question is whether Dyke is willing to use the rulebook to force it through . FA chairman Greg Dyke still faces a challenge to convince everyone over plans to change homegrown quota . Gordon faces scrutiny . Michael Gordon , American representative on daily Liverpool business for the club 's Fenway Sports Group owners , likes to operate well away from the media spotlight . However Boston Red Sox baseball shareholder Gordon might soon have to explain his major involvement in a number of signings that have n't worked out as well as current contract stand-offs if Liverpool 's season were to further unravel . It 's understood Gordon 's high opinion of Liverpool 's pulling power and ability to keep players might have been swayed rather too much by their brief presence in the Champions League . Michael Gordon may have to explain why several signings , such as Mario Balotelli , have not worked out . Channel 4 racing missing the start of an all-weather championship race at Lingfield last Friday because of an ad break could come back to haunt them . Arena Racing Company , the largest UK racing group are understood to have paid for the TV production costs as part of the Lingfield promotion that attracted a 9,000 crowd . Meanwhile ARC are looking to invite people supportive of their all-weather racing track at Newcastle for a celebratory launch when they receive the go-ahead for the plans discussed by the British Horseracing Authority board yesterday . However those in favour of the flat turf being dug up on the Newcastle mile are very hard to find .