Ander Herrera 's form at Manchester United has not gone unnoticed at Barcelona . The Spanish side have a long-held interest in the 25-year-old as they consider replacements for Xavi . Herrera has impressed the club 's scouts throughout his career at Real Sociedad and Athletic Bilbao and they have monitored his progress at Old Trafford . His absence from the starting line-up earlier this season was noted and they will see whether he continues to figure so prominently once United add further midfielders in the summer . Ander Herrera -LRB- right -RRB- celebrates with Manchester United team-mate Ashley Young at Old Trafford on Saturday . Herrera -LRB- right -RRB- scores the opening goal for Manchester United against Aston Villa in the Premier League clash . Former Barcelona director of football Txiki Begiristain also considered Herrera when he first joined Manchester City but the concern has always been about whether he has the physique to withstand the Premier League . So far , he is standing up to it well and has been United 's form player of late . United fans need not be too concerned though , Herrera is as considered in his approach off the pitch as he is on it . Although his fledgling United career has had its blips , he is convinced where he is now is best for his career and is planning to stay for the long-term . Xavi , for his part , has options with Qatar 's Al Sadd but is discussing staying with Barcelona until their transfer embargo is lifted next January . Xavi -LRB- front -RRB- in action for Barcelona against Celta Viga in the La Liga match at the Balaidos stadium on Sunday . Manchester United and Stoke City had scouts posted at Pacos de Ferreira last weekend as they played out a 1-1 draw with Sporting Lisbon . United have been continuing to check on Nani 's progress while Sporting 's £ 20m-rated centre midfielder William has continued to improve . Stoke like the look of Algeria striker Islam Slimani who scored Sporting 's goal . Monaco , Lille , Espanyol and Celta Vigo also had scouts in attendance . Meanwhile , Stoke City , Nottingham Forest , Sunderland and Newcastle are among clubs showing interest in Shrewsbury Town winger Josh Ginnelly . The 18-year-old former Aston Villa trainee has been offered a professional contract but is weighing up his options and could leave this summer . Shrewsbury are second in League Two under manager Micky Mellon and have guaranteed a play-off place . Sporting Lisbon striker Islam Slimani celebrates after scoring for Sporting Lisbon against Pacos de Ferreira . Liverpool will reject Manchester City 's proposals for Jordan Henderson as they look to keep the England international at Anfield . The 24-year-old has yet to sign a new contract but is happy at Liverpool and manager Brendan Rodgers is keen for him to stay . Negotiations will continue over the coming weeks . Liverpool 's budget and plans will be determined by whether they can qualify for the Champions League . City will face a similar response from Arsenal should they press for Jack Wilshere who is being offered a new contract at The Emirates . Liverpool 's Jordan Henderson on the ball during the 4-1 defeat by Arsenal on Saturday . City want the best English players as they look to boost their home grown quota . Their interest in Raheem Sterling is known , they have asked about Burnley 's Danny Ings while Southampton 's Jay Rodriguez and England U21 international James Ward-Prowse are also on their list . Stoke 's Jack Butland and Ryan Shawcross have been discussed as City evaluate potential targets but neither would move to be understudies while Newcastle 's Rolando Aarons has also been watched . FA chairman Greg Dyke wants to introduce tougher rules on home grown players from 2016 . He wants to phase them in over four years but it would mean players , irrespective of nationality , will have to be with his club from 15 to qualify as home grown ; the number of non-home grown players in each 25-man squad is to be reduced from 17 to 13 and at least two home grown players must be club trained . Under those City 's Gael Clichy and Dedryck Boyata would no longer be classed as home grown . Raheem Sterling -LRB- centre -RRB- pictured during a Liverpool training session at Melwood on Monday . Ben Amos has returned to Manchester United following the end of his loan at Bolton Wanderers but could yet return to the Macron Stadium in the summer . The goalkeeper impressed Neil Lennon and won the club 's player of the month for March . Amos is out of contract at Old Trafford in the summer and the 24-year-old 's displays have alerted other Championship sides also as they consider summer options . Amos has been told he is free to look for another club by United . Cash-strapped Bolton have Adam Bogdan and Andy Lonergan out of contract themselves in the summer and Bogdan is unlikely to stay as Premier League sides circle for the Hungarian . Goalkeeper Ben Amos gestures during a Championship match between Bolton and Millwall last month . Javier Hernandez is poised to turn down overtures from Orlando City to stay in Europe . The Manchester United striker , currently on loan at Real Madrid , has been offered a lucrative deal by MLS standards which is understood to be worth around £ 2.8 m a year over five years , plus commercial spin-offs . Hernandez though can command nearly double that salary in Europe and Bundesliga side Wolfsburg are continuing to show interest as well as AC Milan , Southampton , Stoke , Everton and West Ham . Javier Hernandez -LRB- right -RRB- looks to challenge Iker Casillas during Real Madrid training on Saturday . Crystal Palace and West Ham are maintaining interest in Sevilla midfielder Stephane Mbia . The 28-year-old is a free agent and his representative Jean-Paul Ndoumin is in early discussions . The former QPR midfielder had an impressive start to the season and has managed seven goals so far . He is keen to prove himself though in England believing he has unfinished business after an inauspicious spell at Loftus Road . Palace held talks in January but were unable to conclude a deal and Alan Pardew will look at a deal again , as will West Ham . West Ham remain among clubs asking to loan Jese Rodriguez from Real Madrid . Everton have also enquired for the talented Spain international who has cut a frustrated figure on the sidelines this season following his return from injury . Madrid would prefer the player to stay but he is keen to play elsewhere until he gets a run in the first team again . Sevilla midfielder Stephane Mbia -LRB- right -RRB- is challenged by Villareal 's Ikechukwu Uche at El Madrigal last month . Southampton are watching Cagliari winger Paul-Jose m ` poku . The former Tottenham junior came close to signing for QPR in January when he was leaving Standard Liege . However , the move stalled as QPR switched focus to Matt Jarvis , Emmanuel Adebayor and Carlton Cole . m ` poku moved instead to Al Arabi but was swiftly loaned out to Italian side Cagliari . Southampton manager Ronald Koeman has had decent scouting reports on m ` poku and Al Arabi will sell for £ 4m . Southampton also want a goalkeeper with Fulham 's Maarten Stekelenburg and Reading 's Adam Federici among those being considered , while Burnley 's Kieran Trippier and Mattias Johansson of AZ Alkmaar are options to replace Nathaniel Clyne . Paul Jose m ` poku -LRB- left -RRB- in action for Cagliari during a Serie A match against Lazio on Saturday .