Nicola Sturgeon was booed last night as she refused to rule out holding a second independence vote in the next few years -- despite having earlier claimed 2014 's referendum was a ` once in a generation ' event . Two years ago , Miss Sturgeon said of the independence vote : ` We have always said it 's a once in a generation thing . ' But last night , in an election debate on Scottish TV , she said she respected last year 's result , and said she would not call for another plebiscite in the SNP manifesto for the Westminster election in May . Scroll down for video . Support : Asked by Mr Murphy -LRB- left -RRB- where she ` wanted ' Mr Miliband to be prime minister , Ms Sturgeon -LRB- right -RRB- said : ` I 'm offering to help make Ed Miliband prime minister . I do n't want to see the Tories in Downing Street ' Power : The result of the election this May is set to put Ms Sturgeon in a powerful position at Westminster , with the chance of choosing which party can form a government . Above , the SNP leader at tonight 's debate . She said she would not rule out such a call in the manifesto for the 2016 Scottish Parliament election , saying : ` That 's another matter . ' The admission sparked howls of derision from the audience . The Scottish first minister was accused of holding Britain to ` ransom ' after she said she was ` offering to make Ed Miliband prime minister ' . She said she wanted to wanted to do a deal with Mr Miliband so she can influence the policies of a Labour government and keep it ` honest ' . Reacting to Miss Sturgeon 's offer to prop up Mr Miliband , Labour 's leader in Scotland , Jim Murphy , said : ` Nicola , we do n't need your help . Reacting to Miss Sturgeon 's offer to prop up Mr Miliband , Labour 's leader in Scotland , Jim Murphy , said : ` Nicola , we do n't need your help . ` What we need is people north and south of the border , people in Scotland , people in England and people in across Wales coming together to kick out an out of touch government . ' He pleaded with the audience to claim that Labour can only beat the Conservatives if people vote for Mr Miliband in Scotland . ` Only Labour is big enough , only Labour is strong enough to beat the Tories and their austerity , ' he said . Debate : From left to right , Scottish Labour leader Jim Murphy , Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson , First Minister and SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon and Scottish Liberal Democrat leader Willie Rennie . Plan : Speaking in the debate for STV , Ms Sturgeon -LRB- right -RRB- said wanted Scots to vote SNP rather than Labour because ` we can make sure Labour keeps its promises ' . Left , Scottish Labour leader Jim Murphy . Grant Shapps , Conservative Party chairman said : ` Tonight Nicola Sturgeon has promised that she 'd prop up a minority Labour government -- and hold Great Britain to ransom , vote by vote , policy by policy . ` And that means more debt , higher taxes and the end of Trident -- wreaking havoc on our economy and putting the security of British people and their families at risk . ` Weak Ed Miliband does n't stand a chance . He 's in the pocket of Alex Salmond and Nicola Sturgeon : and you 'll pay the price . ' The SNP is way ahead in the polls north of the border , and Labour is expected to lose dozens of seats in May 's election . The result is set to put Miss Sturgeon in a powerful position at Westminster , with the chance of choosing which party can form a government . She said she would never prop up a David Cameron government , but would help Mr Miliband get into Downing Street . But she said the polls showed that Labour could not beat the Tories on their own . Speaking in the debate for STV , Miss Sturgeon said wanted Scots to vote SNP rather than Labour because ` if there 's a strong block of SNP MPs , we can make sure Labour keeps its promises . ` Tony Blair was elected on a wave of hope and optimism , but his Labour government began the process of NHS privatisation . ` I do n't want to see a Labour government simply implement Tory policies . Heading for success : The SNP is ahead in the polls north of the border , and Labour is expected to lose dozens of seats in the election . Above , Ms Sturgeon , second from right , during the debate tonight . ` We need to send a strong team to make sure Labour get it ; so we can keep Labour honest . ' She said : ` We will work with Labour to keep David Cameron out of Downing Street . Labour is not offering an alternative to Tory austerity . ` I stood on a platform last week in the UK leaders debate with Ed Miliband and I heard Miliband say if Labour is elected and left to their own devices there will be further spending reductions . ` I do n't want to see further spending reductions , I do n't think the country can afford them . That 's why we 're proposing modest spending increases and with SNP influence we can force Labour down that path . ' The Scottish first minister has already said offered to work with Labour to keep the Tories out of power if this is possible in a hung parliament . ` I 've said to Ed Miliband and I 'll say to Jim Murphy this evening , that if there is an anti-Tory majority in the House of Commons after the election , even if the Tories are the biggest party we will work with Labour to keep David Cameron out of Downing Street . ' Asked by Mr Murphy where she ` wanted ' Mr Miliband to be prime minister , she said : ` I ' do n't want David Cameron to be prime minister ; I 'm offering to help make Ed Miliband prime minister . ' Mr Murphy replied : ` Nicola , we do n't need your help . ` What we need is people north and south of the border , people in Scotland , people in England and people in across Wales coming together to kick out an out of touch government . ' He claimed he believe Labour would win , saying : ` Even when my football team plays Barcelona , I do n't expect us to lose . ` David Cameron ai n't no Lionel Messi -- he can be beaten . ` Any seat that Labour loses in Scotland reduces the chances of Ed Miliband becoming prime minister . ' Scottish Tory leader Ruth Davidson said the SNP 's position -- urging Scots to vote against Labour and also promising to prop up a Labour government -- was illogical . ` Vote for what you want , ' she said . Audience members attending live political events occasionally catch the eye of the public . And last night was no different as a man wearing a fake moustache during the Scottish leaders ' debate caused Twitter to erupt . The man was filmed wearing a thick fake black moustache and large fedora hat as the four main political parties took part in a televised TV debate . Many social media users posted pictures of the blond-haired man on Twitter and questioned the authenticity of his facial hair . Others started a campaign to find the unnamed man and used the hashtag #moustacheman . The identity of the joker was later revealed as a man named as Danny McAfee , the father of Jack McAfee , who tweeted a picture of him without the disguise . A photo also emerged of the man posing with Nicola Sturgeon after the debate . Moustache man : The man , dressed in fake facial hair and a fedora , was spotted in the debate audience . Social media frenzy : One Twitter user re-imagined the debate with an audience full of moustache wearers . Rumbled : The joker 's identity was later revealed as the father of Jack McAfee , named as Danny McAfee . Time for a picture : After the debate , he was seen posing with SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon , pictured above .