Quiz question . Which player is the second-highest scorer in the country this season ? Stand up and take a bow anyone who came up with Benik Afobe , who was one of Arsenal 's own before they loaned him to MK Dons and sold him to Wolves . Afobe is young , electric-paced and on 28 goals this season - one behind man-of-the-moment Harry Kane of Tottenham and England . Bakary Sako celebrates after scoring Wolves second goal in a 2-1 win at Nottingham Forest on Good Friday . Sako doubled Wolves ' advantage from the penalty spot after he was fouled by Forest 's Henri Lansbury . Nottingham Forest -LRB- 4-1-4-1 -RRB- : Darlow 6.5 ; Mancienne 6.5 , Wilson 6 , Lascelles 6.5 , Lichaj 7 ; Gardner 6 ; Burke 7 -LRB- Walker , 76 -RRB- , Lansbury 5.5 , Osborn 5 -LRB- Paterson , 57 , 6 -RRB- , Antonio 5.5 -LRB- Blackstock , 83 -RRB- ; Akpom 6 . Subs not used : Fox , Vaughan , Hobbs , Evtimov . Goal : Blackstock 90 +4 . Booked : Gardner , Lascelles . Wolves -LRB- 4-4-2 -RRB- : Ikeme 6.5 ; Iorfa 7 , Baath 7 , Stearman 7.5 , Golbourne 7 ; Sako 7 , Price 6.5 , McDonald 6.5 , Henry 7 -LRB- van la Parra , 66 , 5 -RRB- ; Afobe 8 -LRB- Doherty , 83 -RRB- , Dicko 7.5 -LRB- Edwards , 66 , 5.5 -RRB- . Subs not used : Doyle , Ebanks-Landell , Hause , Kuszczak . Goals : Afobe 46 , Sako 72 . Booked : Price . Ref : Andy D'Urso 6 . Man of the match : Afobe . If he keeps this up , Afobe might even be able to inspire Wolves all the way into the Premier League . What a bargain for £ 2million , too . Having scored 19 times for MK , the 22-year-old striker has nine goals in 15 appearances for Kenny Jackett 's Wanderers . He has a goalscoring knack , beautifully illustrated 30 seconds into the second half when he collected the ball round the centre circle and started running . Back-tracking Forest defenders held off and held off until , boom , Afobe took a pot-shot and Karl Darlow retrieved the ball which had just avoided his finger tips . Suddenly a tight , strangely underwhelming , match , had a breakthrough and Wolves duly capitalised on it as Bakary Sako doubled the lead from the penalty spot . They are building up a head of steam as the Skybet Championship enters the final weeks with one defeat in nine . Jackett has steered his team from the blind side with remarkable efficiency . A trip across to the East Midlands could have been a very tricky encounter considering Forest 's resurgence under Dougie Freeman . The news that owner Fawaz al Hasawi wants Freedman to stay beyond the summer hardly comes as a surprise . More importantly , from the supporters ' point of view , the manager is making all the right noises about triggering his year 's option too . The Freedman effect is tangible at the City Ground , even if this turned out to be the first real blip . Henri Lansbury has been back to something like his best after a forgettable first chunk of the season so this was a step back for him , too . If anything illustrates BP and AP -- before and after Stuart Pearce -- then it is Lansbury 's match stats . Before Pearce 's sacking Lansbury had 10 yellow cards and five goals to his name . Since then he has picked up one more booking and scored seven times . Admittedly he went into this Midlands derby on the back of a six-match goal drought and it was his clumsy challenge on Sako which had referee Andy D'Urso pointing to the spot . Wolves defender Dominic Iorfa -LRB- right -RRB- battles for the ball with Forest striker Chuba Akpom . Danny Batth -LRB- left -RRB- tackles Akpom during their Good Friday encounter at the City ground . Gary Gardner attempts a scissor kick as Forest look to breach the Wolves defence . A bad day at the office , then , for Forest . Maths and time is against them making the top six but beating Wolves would have had the double impact of keeping them in the chasing pack and denting the top-six hopes of Kenny Jackett 's team . Certainly the 27,000 bumper Good Friday crowd who braved the drizzle arrived in hope and expectation because Freedman 's other achievement since his arrival has been a transformation of home results . Five straight victories at the City Ground after a similar winless run had injected optimism . By the final whistle there were resigned expressions on faces again despite a 90th minute consolation from Dexter Blackstock . Yet it had started promisingly . Michail Antonio might have scored in the opening minutes although it would have been a fluke . The Forest attacker blocked Carl Ikeme 's clearance and the ball ballooned up and could have gone anywhere . Benik Afobe celebrates after putting Wolves 1-0 ahead at the City Ground on Good Friday . Afobe -LRB- centre -RRB- gave the visitors the lead with a right footed shot from outside the box . The Wolves striker -LRB- centre -RRB- is mobbed by his team-mates after putting them ahead in the second half . The home side also had their ` A ' man and , like Afobe there is an Arsenal connection . Chuba Akpom was on the wanted list of many clubs in January but Forest managed to persuade the Gunners to loan him out to them . He was named from the start but struggled to impose himself . His best moment was a penalty claim when he went down under a challenge from Chris Burke but D'Urso was having none of it . Highlights for Forest included a long-range effort by Michael Mancienne which was pushed wide by Ikeme while Lansbury shot over the bar from the edge of the area . Wolves thought they had scored in the first half when Kevin Wilson 's slip let in Afobe . Darlow saved the shot and Eric Lichaj blocked the follow-up by Nouha Dicko . Next up for the Wanderers is Leeds at home on Easter Monday . Neil Redfearn was an interested spectator on Good Friday and he needs no telling it will be a toughie .