Don McLean -LRB- pictured -RRB- is responsible American Pie , the lyrics of which have been puzzled over for decades . There has never been a popular song quite like it . For more than 40 years , its lyrics have been an enigma wrapped in an eight-and-a-half minute long rock 'n' roll puzzle . Argued over by generations of geeky fans , deciphered and re-deciphered by code-breaking rock nerds and considered to be poetic reflections on mid-20th century U.S. social history by even groovier academics , it 's called American Pie . And this week its lyrics , hand-written in 1971 by a young folk singer called Don McLean , were sold at auction in New York for more than $ 1 million . That 's a lot of money for 18 sheets of paper , albeit with a lost seventh verse . But , to be honest , I rather think that whoever bought them got a bargain . Because , in this age , when song lyrics have all but become meaningless , American Pie illustrates , in a series of images , metaphors and allusions , just what can be done within the frame of a melodically straightforward pop song . It 's also a paean to education . McLean loves words , he says , ` almost as much as life ' . That may be a slight overstatement , but it shows . Of course , like all poets , McLean did n't give us a key to the riddle of what his song was about when he released his multi-million-selling single . That would have spoiled it . ` It means I 'll never have to work again , ' he would joke about how much money the song had made him , leaving us to work out for ourselves what the ` sad news on the doorstep ' was exactly , and why he ` could n't take one more step ' when he read it . That was the easy part , of course , for anyone of my and his generation who learned about the death in a plane crash in 1959 of one of the first great singer-songwriters of rock , Buddy Holly , when we read about it in the morning newspaper . As McLean sings , it was truly ` The day the music died ' . I was on a Ribble bus going to school in Lancashire , peering over the shoulder of the man in front of me when I saw the headline . McLean , according to his song , anyway , was 14 and delivering papers in the rather smart New York suburb of New Rochelle where he grew up . It was a strange , wistful opening for a pop song , but then , as the beat kicked in , the lyrics began to portray the innocence of God-fearing , teenage high school in Fifties America . Listing pop song titles like the Book Of Love and A White Sports Coat and A Pink Carnation , and dances in the gym where the worst that could happen would be that the girl you fancied was dancing with some other guy , it painted a picture of what by 1971 was already a bygone time . Then , in between every verse , would come that cryptic chorus about driving his ` Chevy to the levee but the levee was dry ' . For years , I thought that was something to do with the raised earthworks -- levees -- that run along the banks of the Mississippi in New Orleans , until I discovered that a ` levee ' can also mean a party . So the parties that kids would attend in the non-threatening Fifties would always have been dry -- that is , without alcohol . Yes , same in Britain . On the surface , it might seem that American Pie -- especially the first half , which was the section mainly played on the radio because the record was far too long to be played in full -- was just a misty-eyed lament for an untroubled Mom and Apple Pie American youth . But , suddenly , the mood changed as McLean -- jaundiced almost , and certainly disappointed -- looked around late-Sixties America and saw how the ` jester in a coat he borrowed from James Dean ' -LRB- thought to mean Bob Dylan in his leather jacket -RRB- stole the King 's ` thorny crown ' . Or , as you and I might say , knocked Elvis Presley off his top-notch perch . Almost everything is seen through youth icons . In the line ` while Lenin read a book on Marx ' , was he teasingly criticising John Lennon for appearing to be espousing Marxist revolutionary theory in his solo songs ? I think he might have been . And was ` helter skelter in a summer swelter ' a reference to the murders of actress Sharon Tate and friends by the ` Charles Manson Family ' in Los Angeles in the summer of 1969 ? It has to be . In an absurd defence , murderer Manson maintained that he had interpreted The Beatles innocuous lyrics in their song Helter Skelter as instructions to go out and kill . Manson is still in jail . Even after all these years , much of American Pie is still opaque . Was the reference to The Byrds ' record Eight Miles High a comment on the carpet-bombing by U.S. jets in Vietnam ? Only McLean knows -- and he is n't saying . When asked to give a few hints as to the meaning of the lyrics for this week 's auction catalogue , he simply said that ` the song was not a parlour game ' , but ` an indescribable photograph of America that I tried to capture in words and music ' . And metaphor , he might have added , as , in my interpretation of the lyrics , a game of American football becomes a student demonstration , probably at Kent State University , over America 's military extension of the Vietnam war to Cambodia , to the music of The Beatles ' Sergeant Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band album . To this day , songwriter Don McLean has refused to divulge what the lyrics of American Pie refer to . ` The half-time air was sweet-perfume ' , which probably means that everybody was smoking pot , and wanting to have a nice , quiet time , when the demo was broken up violently by the Ohio National Guard , who shot four students dead . Then there 's the question of Mick Jagger . Is he ` Jack be nimble , Jack be quick , Jack Flash sat on a Candlestick ' ? Maybe . But there is confusion because it is n't The Beatles ' famous last U.S. show at Candlestick Park , San Francisco , that McLean is singing about , but The Rolling Stones ' performance at nearby Altamont in 1969 . At that concert , the Stones performed Sympathy For The Devil and then watched helplessly as , before them in the crowd , Hell 's Angels beat a man to death . ` And as I watched him on the stage , my hands were clenched in fists of rage , ' go the lyrics of American Pie . ` No angel born in hell , could break that Satan 's spell . ' Dancing to rock 'n' roll was never meant to get like this , he seems to be saying . I 'm not sure that if I were Mick Jagger , I 'd want to hear that sung about myself . Although McLean said before the auction of his song 's lyrics that the pages would ` divulge everything there is to divulge ' about this ` mystical trip into my past ' , they clearly do n't . But the material does cast some light on how the song changed before he recorded it . Originally , he had intended a positive ending , suggesting an extra verse that the music he once loved would be reborn in happier times . But in the end he settled for the more worldly-wise : ` The three men I admire the most , The Father , Son and the Holy Ghost / They caught the last train for the coast / The day the music died . ' A bleak ending , yes , but apart from the reference to the Holy Trinity , is there also perhaps a nod here to John F. Kennedy , Robert Kennedy and Martin Luther King , whose assassinations occurred in the Sixties ? Again , McLean is n't saying . What he does do , however , is give excellent advice to songwriters who are just starting out : ` Immerse yourself in beautiful music and beautiful lyrics and think about every word you say in a song . ' Were the lyrics ` The Father , Son and the Holy Ghost ' a nod to John F. Kennedy -LRB- left -RRB- , Robert Kennedy and Martin Luther King -LRB- right -RRB- , whose assassinations occurred in the Sixties ? It seems so obvious , does n't it ? But then you turn on the radio and realise that , with just a few exceptions , an appreciation of good music and lyrics has played little part in the education of so many of today 's songwriters . As McLean showed , the right word can mean so much . Most people will probably think of 69-year-old Don McLean as a one-hit wonder -- now living in semi-retirement , and no doubt the lap of luxury , with his wife in Maine . And he certainly was n't able to ever better American Pie . But at around the same time , he also wrote two other pop classics . Vincent , about Vincent Van Gogh 's painting The Starry Night , as well as And I Love You So . This week 's buyer of the lyrics of American Pie unfortunately prefers to remain anonymous , and that suggests to me that 's he 's a billionaire who wants to frame them and stick them on his study wall . I 'd far rather they had been bought by an university so students of U.S. literature and social history could spend another 40-odd years poring over them , and discussing what can be done with a popular song , and how America was , as it says in the lyrics , a ` long , long time ago ' .