A woman who got a ` funny feeling ' she needed to see her husband rushed home to find him trapped under his SUV . Nicole Mayhew had gone to work leaving her spouse Scott working on his car in their garage in Saratoga Springs , Utah . But while she was gone , the 43-year-old was seriously injured when the heavy vehicle after the fell off its jack - crushing his chest . Scroll down for video . Nicole Mayhew -LRB- right -RRB- had rushed home after she got a strange feeling she needed to see her husband Scott -LRB- left -RRB- to find him trapped under the car . Trapped and in a great deal of pain , Mr Mayhew spent an hour and a half yelling for help and praying for his wife to come home . Meanwhile Mrs Mayhew , was at work at the time of the accident , began to get a strange feeling she urgently needed to see her husband . Trusting her intuition , she rushed home to find the father-of-five stuck underneath the car . Mrs Mayhew had gone to work leaving the father-of-five , pictured at home with her and three of their children , working on the SUV . While she was gone , the 43-year-old was seriously injured when the heavy vehicle after the fell off its jack - crushing his chest in their home in Taylor Street -LRB- picture -RRB- in Saratoga Springs , Utah . ` I just said , ` I need to go check on him working on the car , ' Mrs Mayhew told My Fox Philly . When she pulled up at the home , she heard her husband call out ` help me love . ' She ran into the garage where she found Mr Mayhew underneath the Ford Explorer . ` He could barely breathe , ' she told Fox 13 . ` I knew he was in a lot of pain . ' ` He could hear the cars go , he did n't know what was going to happen . ' Mrs Mayhew called 911 and a neighbour helped use the jack to life the car off him while they waited for the emergency services to arrive . Mrs Mayhew -LRB- pictured with her husband , left , and the family , right -RRB- was at work at the time of the accident , began to get a strange feeling she urgently needed to see Mr Mayhew . Mrs Mayhew believes it was divine intervention the caused her to come home just in time to save her husband 's life . Police had been concerned about internal bleeding and Mr Mayhew was rushed to Utah Universuty Hospital . Doctors found he had suffered six broken ribs but is expected to make a full recovery . Mrs Mayhew believes it was divine intervention the caused her to come home just in time to save her husband 's life . ` I just believe a spirit told me , ' she said . ` I believe that there 's angels around us . My Heavenly Father was with him . '