Hillary Clinton is expected to officially declare her candidacy for president on ` Sunday afternoon , ' according to a Democratic Party source in Iowa . The Clinton partisan spoke to Daily Mail Online on background , saying the former secretary of state will first put her name forward for the White House on Twitter , and then barnstorm the Hawkeye State in what the Associated Press calls a series of ` small ' meetings with voters . Separately , an Iowa Republcian Party official said on-the-ground forces loyal to Hillary are rounding up Democrats via phone trees and emails in preparation of campaign appearances early in the coming week . A New Hampshire GOP political operative who works for a likely candidate who has n't yet launched a campaign added that Clinton 's efforts in the state are ` surprisingly slow , given her primary victory here in 2008 . ' Clinton will fly to New Hampshire after her Iowa swing . SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEOS . READY FOR HILLARY ? Clinton will announce her bid to become America 's first female president this weekend . STARTING GUN : The former first lady faces no substantial competition -- yet -- for the Democratic nomination in 2016 . In a timely release just days before the start of her presidential campaign , Clinton reveals in a new epilogue to her book ` Hard Choices ' why she decided to take the presidential leap . ` Becoming a grandmother has made me think deeply about the responsibility we all share as stewards of the world we inherit and will one day pass on . Rather than make me want to slow down , it has spurred me to speed up . ` As Margaret Mead said , children keep our imaginations fresh and our hearts young , and they drive us to work for a better future . I 've also returned again and again to this question of universality -- how much we all have in common even if the circumstances of our lives may be different . ` As you 've seen throughout this book , one of the defining themes of my time as Secretary of State was our increasing global interdependence . Despite all the division and discord in the world , which sometimes can seem overwhelming , the basic fact of the 21st century is that we 're more connected than ever . ` If the United States continues to lead the world in the years ahead , as I believe it can and must , it will be because we have learned how to define the terms of our interdependence to promote more cooperation and shared prosperity and less conflict and inequality . ` As we 've seen since the first edition of this book was published in June 2014 , the negative side of interdependence remains potent -- whether it was the spread of virulent new strands of extremism in the Middle East or old-style nationalism in Europe or a deadly epidemic in Africa . Our job is to build up the positive side . ` The United States and the other great democracies have to redouble our efforts to empower moderates and marginalize extremists everywhere , and to stand firmly and united in pursuit of a more just , free , and peaceful world . ` That 's the world I want for Charlotte and for all our kids . ' In the excerpt , released Friday to the Huffington Post , she describes how becoming a grandmother inspired her ` to see the world in new ways ' and made her realize that ` there was so much more to do . ' ` Becoming a grandmother has made me think deeply about the responsibility we all share as stewards of the world we inherit and will one day pass on , ' she writes . ` Rather than make me want to slow down , it has spurred me to speed up . ' The maneuver of re-upping public attention on her poorly selling memoir , though , highlights one of Clinton 's key liabilities : likeability . Her campaign has a steep hill to climb if she is to escape the 1990s-era image of a controlling and often temperamental politician , or the 2000s sequel -- a scheming conniver bent on winning power . The Republican National Committee had been mum about Hillary 's impending announcement , but the party took its gloves off Friday morning with a scathing video ad highlighting her scandals . ` From the East Wing to the State Department , Hillary Clinton has left a trail of secrecy , scandal and failed liberal policies that no image consultant can erase , RNC Chairman Reince Priebus said Friday in a statement . ` Voters want to elect someone they can trust and Hillary 's record proves that she can not be trusted . ' The Clinton campaign-in-waiting held a secret off-the-record dinner with a hand-picked group of journalists Thursday night in Washington , D.C. , also according to the Huffington Post . The former first lady once faced no substantial competition for the 2016 Democratic presidential nomination but a few challengers have emerged lately -- most notably former Maryland governor Martin O'Malley , who has also conducting private fundraisers meetings in New York City . Clinton also faces intense scrutiny over an email scandal involving a private home-brew server she maintained at her Chappaqua , New York home , a problem that will taint her claim to her party 's top perch . Announcing a presidential campaign on social media has become ordinary this year , with Republicans Rand Paul and Ted Cruz preempting their own televised launches with Tweets and Facebook posts meant to appeal to young and low-attention-span voters . Clinton , too , will need to leverage the online space and will follow her tweets with email and video announcements . The Reuters news service predicted that the videos will go ` viral . ' In her previous presidential run in 2008 , Clinton lost to Barack Obama , in part because of the Obama campaign 's intense use of digital and online strategies to draw attention to his candidacy and raise huge sums through small donations . By 2012 his team , led by veterans from Facebook and Google , were deploying sophisticated social media strategies . Clinton 's 2016 campaign is expected to concentrate on making the 67-year-old former first lady relatable to ordinary Americans despite her age and longstanding connection to the Democratic Party 's political machinery . After serving eight years as first lady , she won a U.S. Senate seat in New York and then spent four years jetting to foreign capitals as Obama 's first-term secretary of state . Day-to-day contact with everyday Americans has been elusive and rare . SKELETONS : Clinton will face a new round of scrutiny over her time in the White House as first lady . TWEET TWEET : The 67-year-old Democrat will have to find ways to connect with the younger voters as she distances herself from past and present scandals . Kristina Schake -LRB- pictured -RRB- has been brought in to help transform Hillary Clinton 's public image . But in a year when Republicans have a deep bench , Democrats have sat back and waited for Hillary to claim their brass ring . She remains the overwhelming favorite for the Democratic nomination but has seen her poll numbers slip in recent days . On Thursday a Quinnipiac University poll revealed she has slipped against the leading 2016 Republican candidates in Colorado , Iowa and Virginia . Pollsters cited damage from what has become known as 'em ail-gate . ' In a bid to recast her image she has brought in Kristina Schake , the former White House aide responsible for transforming Michelle Obama 's public image into that of an all-American ` everywoman ' who shops at retail outlets , does ` mom dancing ' on TV and even has a Twitter account . Schake , 45 , will attempt to turn the 67-year-old politician from an aggressive and secretive figure into a softer , more accessible one . Thursday 's swing state poll also showed Clinton in a close race with U.S. Senator Rand Paul , the Kentucky Republican who declared his candidacy on Tuesday . Clinton is in tight hypothetical races in Colorado and Iowa , where she previously led by commanding margins . STAND WITH RAND : The Quinnipiac University Swing State Poll showed Hillary Clinton in a close race with U.S. Senator Rand Paul -LRB- pictured -RRB- , the Kentucky Republican who declared his candidacy on Tuesday . ` It is n't just one or two Republicans who are stepping up ; it 's virtually the entire GOP field that is running better against her ' since the last swing state survey on February 18 , pollster Peter Brown said in a statement . Brown attributed the drop to the controversy that erupted in March over Clinton 's use of personal email for work when she was America 's top diplomat . Republicans have raised the prospect of congressional hearings on the issue . Paul led Clinton by 44 per cent to 41 per cent in Colorado and 43 per cent to 42 per cent in Iowa , the Quinnipiac poll showed . In Virginia , Clinton led 47 per cent to 43 per cent . ` These numbers are a boost for U.S. Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky as he formally launches his campaign , ' Brown said . Most earlier polls had shown Clinton with a substantial lead over the Republican field .