She 's enjoyed trips to Bahrain and Florence in the last week alone but today , Princess Beatrice was spotted in a rather less glamorous location . The 26-year-old was back on royal duties and travelled to Litchfield in Staffordshire where she opened a new classroom at the Maple Hayes School of Dyslexia . Dressed in a teal frock and a tailored black jacket , Beatrice smiled broadly as she arrived to the sound of cheers from a group of flag-waving children who had waited outside the school for her . Scroll down for video . Back to work : Beatrice arrives at the Maple Hayes School of Dyslexia in Litchfield , Staffordshire . The engagement is the second in less than four days for the Princess , who on Friday was in Reading to open the town 's Talbot Memorial Garden . The space commemorates a little girl named Amelia Saunders who was once a pupil at Reading School but was diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumour and died in 2013 . The multiple appearances complete an unusually busy few days for Beatrice who has come under fire of late , thanks to her penchant for international travel . However , Beatrice , who has no official royal duties , has long championed children 's educational causes and is herself dyslexic . Criticism : The two engagements come after Beatrice was criticised for going on 14 trips in just six months . Royal salute : Beatrice got a salute as her convoy pulled up outside the Maple Hayes School of Dyslexia . All business : Beatrice was making her second official visit in less than four days . Cheers : The 26-year-old was greeted by a flag-waving crowd outside the school . The 26-year-old is also patron of a number of charities , among them the Helen Arkell Dyslexia Centre and the Teenage Cancer Trust . Instead , Beatrice is , according to her father 's website , ` working full time in business ' - although that has n't prevented her from jetting off to glamorous destinations on a regular basis . Last week , the Princess was spotted hobnobbing with designers Karl Lagerfeld and Tory Burch at a fashion conference in the city of Florence . That trip came just a day after she was seen enjoying the company of Middle Eastern and Spanish royalty at the Bahrain Grand Prix alongside her boyfriend Dave Clark , 31 . Enjoying the outing : Beatrice certainly appeared to be enjoying her visit and smiled broadly . Ready : Beatrice whips the covering off a commemorative plaque . And now for the big moment : She prepares to unveil the plaque in front of students . Sorted : The Princess poses with headmaster Dr Neville Brown as she completes the unveiling . Signing in : Before she left , Beatrice happily signed the visitor 's book . More recently , Beatrice has enjoyed holidays in Verbier and Greece , as well as making several trips to New York to visit her sister , Princess Eugenie , 25 . Like her sister , who has lived in the Big Apple since 2013 , Beatrice 's jaunts could shortly become a permanent stay following the announcement that the Princess has taken a finance job there . Beatrice , who has not had a full-time job since leaving her £ 20,000-a-year role at Sony last November , is yet to announce details of the position or a start date . Mr Clark , a Virgin Galactic executive , frequently joins the Princess on her international travels and was by her side when she enjoyed not one but two holidays on the Caribbean island of St. Barts in January alone . Job done ! The Princess waved to students and staff as she was driven away from the school . Hobnobbing : Beatrice was at a fashion conference in Florence last week and is seen here with David Lauren . Jetset : Days before , she had been spotted in Bahrain with ex-King Juan Carlos of Spain and Dave Clark . Hitting the slopes : Princess Beatrice enjoys her most recent ski break , in Verbier at Easter .