Sales of Manny Pacquiao boxing gear and effects have soared as much as 10 times ahead of his May 2 megafight with Floyd Mayweather , with Philippine retailers struggling to cope with demand from fans snapping up any paraphernalia they could find . Online and front-end retailers are seeing record sales of Pacquiao T-shirts , boxing gloves , figurines , caps and jackets , with buyers stocking up on items they believe could at least double in value if he wins what is the highest grossing bout in history . ` Many are buying because prices might rise further if Manny wins . So while the fight is still days away , they are already buying these items , ' said 50-year-old Carolyn Yap-Tan , who has been selling Pacquiao items online for four years . A fan looks at boxing gloves signed by Manny Pacquiao on sale for 3,000 Philippine pesos -LRB- £ 45 -RRB- per pai . Retailers are struggling to meet demand and prices are rising heavily for Pacquiao items in the Philippines . Yap-Tan said her sales via Ebay have jumped 10 times since February when the megafight , which took five years to arrange , was confirmed . Prices of Pacquiao-autographed boxing gloves , the best-selling item , have also risen at least 50 per cent , said Yap-Tan , with buyers coming mostly from the United States , and a few from Australia , Canada and the United Kingdom . The Team Pacquiao store , owned by the boxer himself with branches in Manila and the southern Philippine city of General Santos , has seen its sales nearly triple , a record not seen during Pacquiao 's previous fights . ` If we only had more stocks , we could report more sales , ' said Team Pacquiao sales representative Honey Gervacio . Carlo Libut , an Australia-born Filipino and a Pacquiao fan , bought 4000-pesos -LRB- £ 59.50 -RRB- autographed boxing gloves for his collection at the Team Pacquiao store . ` First of all , I love the sport , boxing . And my whole family loves it , my dad loves it , and I 'm a big fan of Manny Pacquiao , ' he said . Hats , shirts , gloves and many other items are on sale ahead of Pacquiao 's fight with Floyd Mayweather . Online Pacquiao item seller Carolyn Yap-Tan says sales via Ebay have jumped 10 times . Even street vendors are making a killing selling lower-priced Pacquiao T-shirts , with vendors in the Divisoria district in downtown Manila saying customers often buy by the dozens . The Philippines widely regard Pacquiao , also an elected congressman , actor , TV game show host , recording artist , and a player-coach in professional basketball locally , as a national idol . Thousands of fans often pack covered gymnasiums and public parks to watch free screenings of his fights on large LED screens throughout Manila and May 2 will be no different . Eight-division champion Pacquiao , 36 , is seen as the underdog to 11-times five-division world boxing champion ` Money ' Mayweather , 38 . Pacquiao 's followers , however , are convinced he will make history . ` I believe he will win , he will defeat Mayweather with his speed . Pacquiao is fast on the ring , ' Yap-Tan said .