Manchester United climbed above rivals Manchester City on Saturday night into third place in the Premier League table after a 3-1 victory over Aston Villa . Ander Herrera opened the scoring before half time and Wayne Rooney made it two after the interval with a superb second before Christian Benteke pulled one back for Tim Sherwood 's side . But midfielder Herrera added his second and United 's third late on to secure the three points for Manchester United . Here , Sportsmail 's Dominic King gives his player ratings from Old Trafford . Manchester United -LRB- 4-3-3 -RRB- . David de Gea -- One of the quietest afternoons he has had all season ; perhaps that explained his aberration for Aston Villa 's goal -- 6 . Antonio Valencia -- Industrious down the right flank , almost created a goal for Rooney with one surge ; not tested defensively -- 7.5 . Manchester United pair Phil Jones -LRB- left -RRB- and Antonio Valencia -LRB- right -RRB- battle Christian Benteke for the ball . Phil Jones -- With Villa offering no threat , the England international was able to engage cruise control . Had Benteke under-wraps -- 7 . Marcus Rojo -- Elegant on the ball , passed it well and came close to opening the scoring with a 30-yard drive that fizzed over the bar -- 7 . Daley Blind -- Always looks comfortable regardless of the position he plays ; a professional job in a professional performance -- 6.5 . Ander Herrera -- To think there was a time when he could n't get a game . Passing was excellent and his two goals were thoroughly deserved -- 8.5 . Manchester United midfielder Ander Herrera celebrates opening the scoring against Aston Villa . Michael Carrick -- Having a renaissance this season after disappearing under David Moyes ; kept things simple and smooth -- 7 . Marouane Fellaini -- He bullied Liverpool in his last performance but was n't so aggressive here ; could have scored with a second half header -- 6.5 . Juan Mata -- No repeat of his Anfield heroics . Flitted in and out of the game , some nice moments but times when he disappeared -- 6.5 . Juan Mata in action for Manchester United against Aston Villa at Old Trafford on Saturday . Ashley Young -- Had the bit between his teeth against his old club ; came close to a goal with a flashing drive in the second half -- 7.5 . Wayne Rooney -- Captain led by example and scored a quite magnificent half-volley to give United an unassailable lead -- 7 . Wayne Rooney -LRB- centre -RRB- celebrates his goal with team-mates Radamel Falcao -LRB- left -RRB- and Herrera . SUBS . Di Maria -LRB- for Young -RRB- 70 mins . Falcao -LRB- for Fellaini -RRB- 77 mins . UNUSED . Valdes -LRB- GK -RRB- , Rafael Di Silva , Di Maria , Falcao , Januzaj , McNair , Pereira . Aston Villa -LRB- 4-4-2 -RRB- . Brad Guzan -- Earned his keep with saves from Rojo , Blind , Rooney and Fellaini ; could n't do anything about Herrera 's goal -- 7 . Alan Hutton -- Substituted at half-time with an injury . Had previously found it hard work trying to contain Young -- 5.5 . Jores Okore -- Powerless to stop Rooney scoring a magnificent second ; not a great impact on the game -- 5.5 . Aston Villa defender Jores Okore -LRB- left -RRB- vies for the ball with Manchester United captain Rooney . Ciaran Clark -- Fortunate to escape in the fourth minute when wrestling Rooney to the floor ; could easily have been sent-off -- 6 . Matthew Lowton -- Playing out of position on the left and it was heavy weather at times when Mata started running at him -- 5.5 . Charles N'Zogbia -- Seemed his job was more centred on stopping United attacking rather than on going forward himself -- 5.5 . Carlos Sanchez -- Lots of energy in the middle but offered nothing to get Villa going forward ; difficult afternoon -- 6 . Fabian Delph -- Had his work cut out trying to keep Herrera in check . Never had chance to get Villa moving forward -- 6.5 . Aston Villa midfielder Fabian Delph -LRB- left -RRB- battles for the ball with Ashley Young of Manchester United . Andreas Weimann -- Did n't make much of a contribution going forward and had little influence on the game ; substituted late on -- 6 . Christian Benteke -- Threw his side a late lifeline when benefitting from a rare De Gea lapse ; it was the only chance he got -- 6.5 . Aston Villa striker Benteke -LRB- left -RRB- celebrates scoring against Manchester United . SUBS . Joe Cole -LRB- for Weimann 77 mins -RRB- . UNUSED . Given -LRB- GK -RRB- , Baker , Vlaar , Bacuna , Cole , Gil , Grealish .