Since hitting the big time singer-songwriter Sam Smith has undergone something of a transformation . Over the past year the London-born artist , 22 , has dropped three stone by following a dairy-free , low-carb and low sugar diet , and is now barely recognisable . The chubby , suit-wearing soul singer has gone and been replaced with a new body confident Sam , complete with designer stubble and a trendy new wardrobe . Scroll down for video . Sam Smith is looking better than ever after losing three stone over the last year , he regularly posts pictures of himself to his Instagram account . And his new fashionista status has been crowned with Sam being named Vogue 's April ` Today I 'm Wearing ' star . It 's a coveted month-long role which sees the popstar share his outfits with the fashion magazine 's readers each day . So far he 's modelled looks including Topman skinny jeans , a custom Burberry shirt and a well-cut Emporio Armani cashmere jacket . The pictures reveal a newfound confidence in his slimline look , the result of a dietary regime by nutritionist Amelia Freer that has ` transformed ' his relationship with food . Posting a picture of himself holding Freer 's book Eat Nourish Glow on Instagram , the Grammy award-winning singer said : ` Three weeks ago I met a woman who has completely changed my life . ' His diet has been so successful that he revealed that he even lost over a stone in just two weeks . Performing at the Brit awards last year Sam had a fuller figure and face . He continued : ` Amelia Freer has helped me lose over a stone in two weeks and has completely transformed my relationship with food . ` It 's not even about weight loss it 's about feeling happy in yourself . Love you Amelia & thank you for making me feel so happy inside and out @ameliafreer #eatnourishglow ' In a previous interview with the Guardian in which Sam was described has having an appearance like an , ` HGV driver , ' he said he would always struggle with his weight - despite his recent triumphs over the scales . Freer is an advocate of cutting out gluten and sugar -LRB- apart from fruit -RRB- , processed food is a big no-no and every meal should include protein , fat and vegetables . She is against cereal and even recommends tucking into broccoli for breakfast . Almond milk , avocados and coconut oil are staples of her kitchen cupboards . Sam Smith is the star of Vogue.co.uk 's Today I 'm Wearing , posting pictures of his outfits each day . He kicked the month off with a Fred Perry T-shirt , an Emporio Armani jacket and Topman jeans . The quiff-loving singer models a vintage denim shirt , over jeans , brogues and a parka by Burberry , in his April 7 outfit photo for Vogue.co.uk 's Today I 'm Wearing ... slot . Sam shared his weight loss journey on Instragram revealing that his newly svelte figure was down to nutritionist Amelia Freer . As well as changing his diet , Sam is also reported to have taken up yoga and weight training to tone his frame . The singer , who claims he was very ` big ' as a teenager , has said : ` I think I prefer food to singing . ' He also admitted that he was self conscious about his body type , adding : ` I 'm always going to have issues with my weight . ' He also revealed in the interview that he felt that he had failed to become successful as a teenager because of his size . But the popstar seems to be making light work of his new regime and has been posting photos of his nutritious meals to Instagram . Sam posted this picture of himself to Instagram from when he was at school , making light of his bigger size . Sam has been seen out and about in recent months showing off his weight loss in some stylish outfits . Sam posted this picture of a delicious and healthy looking meal to Instagram after taking a nutritionists advice on his diet . Of course it is not unusual for a popstar to undergo a transformation after hitting the big time . Take , for example , DJ Calvin Harris who is practically unrecognisable from the straggly haired performer he once was . Over recent years the 31-year-old Scot , who is currently thought to be dating Taylor Swift , has got a smooth new haircut and a muscular physique . Sam 's new look is certainly earning plaudits from fans . When he revealed his weight loss , one commented the picture : ` Hi Sam , you look really good ! Keep up the good work . ' And another said : ` You always look good and you are an awesome singer ! ' In his bigger days Sam would cover up in large over-sized jackets , however , he is now happier to wear more form-fitting clothes .