Tuesday night against Italy could be the most important England game Michael Carrick has ever played . The difference between the first and the second half was like night and day . When Carrick came on , England started to play . Having played in his position , and alongside him , it has been frustrating to see him unappreciated in this country . We have always had a major problem keeping the ball , but Carrick keeps the game simple . That 's exactly what we need . Roy Hodgson 's team against Italy looked like he had one eye on the future , but the only future England need to be focusing on is Euro 2016 . If that means going with a 34-year-old Michael Carrick in the heart of midfield , so be it . Tuesday night 's friendly clash with Italy could prove to be Michael Carrick 's most important England game . England international Carrick keeps the game simple but has been unappreciated in this country . Carrick congratulates Andros Townsend following the Tottenham wideman 's equaliser against Italy in Turin . WAYNE ROONEY . ` The best player on the pitch by a mile was Michael Carrick . He came on and dictated the game for us . ' PAUL SCHOLES -LRB- last week -RRB- . ` He is not a flash footballer . He does n't hit Hollywood passes . He does n't score lots of goals . But I loved playing alongside him . ' SIR ALEX FERGUSON -LRB- in December -RRB- . ` I still think Michael Carrick is the best central midfield player in English football , I really do . I think he is the best English player in the game . ' Even though he 's 33 now , it 's still not too late to start building the midfield around him . If I were England manager , that 's just what I 'd do . Look at Andrea Pirlo -- he is 36 next month and has blossomed in his later years . His passing tore England apart at the World Cup and he is worshipped in Italy . Why ca n't we love Carrick in the same way ? The fact he has been ignored by England for so long is a sad indictment of where we have been going wrong for so many years . In this country we tend to focus a lot on what players ca n't do rather than what they can . We love all-action players like Steven Gerrard and Frank Lampard but that 's why men like Carrick can be left frustrated . It was not long ago that defensive midfielders had to snap into every tackle . At Manchester United in particular , Carrick has had to deal with ` Keane Syndrome ' -- because he 's not Roy Keane . He 's not as mobile , he does n't grab games in the same way and he certainly does n't tackle like Keane . But that is not his style . Keane was an amazing player but there will never be another like him and the game has evolved . Carrick and Ryan Mason -LRB- left -RRB- applaud the travelling England support following Tuesday 's 1-1 draw with Italy . Fans love all-action players like former England midfield stars Frank Lampard -LRB- left -RRB- and Steven Gerrard . Andrea Pirlo , who turns 36 next month , tore England apart with his passing at last summer 's World Cup . The best deep-lying midfielders of recent years have been passers , not pit bulls : Pirlo , Xabi Alonso , Xavi , Sergio Busquets . All of them are cultured players who look after the ball . And do n't be fooled by a powerhouse like Nemanja Matic -- he can pick out any kind of pass with that left foot . These are n't just defensive destroyers any more , these are the men starting the attacks . They may not have the best stats for goals or assists , but they are at the heart of it all . It 's the same with Andres Iniesta and Luka Modric -- they keep things ticking over , as does Carrick . He makes the passes that lead to the key pass . The midfield that started in Turin was powerful and athletic , but sometimes you need a bit of guile . In a way , it was a good job the first half was so poor as it meant Carrick could come on and really show what he can do . Friendlies might be a good time to experiment but that first half in Italy made for some uncomfortable viewing . Phil Jones has had a decent season at centre back but looked awkward in midfield and England 's passing was too slow and square . Carrick changed that . All of a sudden there was a different tempo to the game . England were fluid and found more room to move against a tough opponent . When he gets possession , Carrick quickly gets the ball out of his feet and tries to slide passes forward . He 's not the toughest of tacklers but he does n't need to be . He reads the game brilliantly and intercepts the ball so well that he does n't need to go charging after people . He has fantastic vision , which means his team-mates can get into dangerous positions . They know that if anyone can pick out a pass , it 's Carrick . He is so comfortable on the ball and probably England 's most two-footed player since Glenn Hoddle . He 's not in Hoddle 's class , but he is so well balanced with both feet . Carrick takes on midfield rival Roberto Soriano during England 's 1-1 draw with Italy at the Juventus Stadium . Xavi and Nemanja Matic are two of the world 's best deep-lying midfielders and both have an eye for a pass . Carrick 's introduction against Italy changed the game , the tempo and saw England become more fluid . I 've said it before but Carrick has a nasty habit of passing to his own players . It might not look flash but he makes the game look easy . That 's why so many of his team-mates love playing alongside him . He might be a quiet personality but you can see the effect he has on those around him . United have been far better with him than without him this season and Daley Blind , who many thought would replace him , has been shunted out of position . That 's because Carrick is a better player in that role . It 's also important to have experience in that position -- I 've never felt it 's one for a young player . Hodgson has tried Jack Wilshere but Carrick knows the role at club level . Of course Wilshere could play next to him , but at present Carrick is the best man for the job . Considering he won his first cap against Mexico in 2001 , it 's amazing he has not featured more for England . He has not always taken his chances , but now is a golden opportunity to build our midfield around him . It 's still not too late to make sure England have a pass master in place for Euro 2016 . Carrick , who made his debut in 2001 -LRB- right -RRB- , could become England 's third-longest serving player at the Euros .