This is the moment a heroic teenage Baskin Robbins employee in Washington punched an armed robber as he tried to steal money from the cash register . Rachael Bishop , 19 , was working an afternoon shift at the ice cream chain 's Lynnwood store when a man wearing a baseball cap and sunglasses came in , unzipped his jacket and showed her he had a gun . Bishop said she tried to plead with the man when he ordered her to hand over all the money in the cash register , but when that did n't work she took action . As the man reached into the till , Bishop tried to swat his hand away . When that did n't stop him , she started punching him in the head multiple times . Scroll down for video . This is the moment heroic teenage Baskin Robbins employee Rachael Bishop , 19 , punched an armed robber as he tried to steal money from the cash register of the Lynnwood , Washington store . As the man reached into the till Bishop tried to swat his hand away . When that did n't stop him , she started punching him in the head multiple times . Bishop said it was ` just a reaction ' , an instinct to protect the store . ` I love my bosses here , so a couple hundred bucks gets stolen , that 's damage to the store and everyone 's paycheck , ' she said . ` I did n't want him to take my store 's money , it was just a reaction , ' Bishop told KIRO TV . ` It hurt , but you have adrenaline so you do n't really think about it . ' The robber punched Bishop right back , and that 's when she said he managed to steal $ 280 from the cash register , according to Komo News . And yet the teenager remained unfazed . As the robber fled out the door she immediately ran after him . Bishop continued to chase the robber through the strip mall 's parking lot , warning people nearby that he had a gun . Onlookers saw what Bishop was doing and began following the man as well . Bishop said she tried to plead with the man when he ordered her to hand over all the money in the cash register , but when that did n't work she took action . The robber punched Bishop right back , and that 's when she said he managed to steal $ 280 from the cash register . The robber disappeared into the woods but , according to police , the combined efforts of Bishop and the public helped officers quickly locate and arrest the man . ` They did a really good job directing the police into a starting location where the suspect was last seen disappearing into a wooded area , ' said Lynwood Police Commander Jim Nelson . Officers later discovered the 44-year-old man was a wanted felon for forgery . Both police and Bishop 's boss recommend to just hand over the money when confronted with an armed robber , but Nelson said ` the reality is that people kind of react as they react ' . ` In this case , she fought back and did n't want to be a victim of this crime . ' Bishop said she realizes ` how stupid it was to punch someone with a gun ' , but said she was just acting on instinct to protect the store she has worked at for nearly a year , according to Q13 Fox . ` I love my bosses here , so a couple hundred bucks gets stolen , that 's damage to the store and everyone 's paycheck , ' she said . Bishop even went back to work the same day of the robbery . ` My boss was like , you can go home , but I actually need my hours , ' she said . ` I have to stay . ' And yet the teenager remained unfazed . As the robber ran out the door she immediately ran after him , chasing the robber through a strip mall 's parking lot , warning people nearby that he had a gun . Bishop even went back to work the same day of the robbery . ` My boss was , like , you can go home , but I actually need my hours , ' she said . ` I have to stay '