Sydney-bound winger Joe Burgess scored his first Super League hat-trick as Wigan secured their first away win of the season , but they were made to work hard by struggling Wakefield in an error-strewn game at the Rapid Solicitors Stadium . Burgess , who is joining Sydney Roosters at the end of the year , scored three of the Warriors ' seven tries in a 40-22 victory - their first Super League success in West Yorkshire for 18 months - to help his side climb above St Helens into second place in the table , at least for 24 hours . It was a third consecutive win for Shaun Wane 's men and a fifth from their last six matches but their hard-to-please coach will be far from happy with their performance and his mood will have worsened by a hamstring injury to centre Anthony Gelling . Joe Burgess -LRB- left -RRB- was in fine form for Wigan with his first Super League hat-trick . It was a ninth successive defeat for the Wildcats , who remain rooted to the foot of the table , but a vast improvement on their 80-0 rout by Warrington in their previous league game . Still without seven senior players through injury , Wakefield gave a debut to Widnes loanee prop Ben Kavanagh , a first start to young loose forward Jordan Crowther and a first Super League outing for former Leeds prop Ian Kirke . And their problems worsened when Kirke sustained a broken thumb and loose forward Danny Washbrook damaged a rib to leave coach James Webster cursing his luck . Yet the Wildcats made the best possible start , with makeshift centre Matt Ryan breaking clear from his own half to create a try for full-back Craig Hall , who kicked the first of his three goals . Wigan looked to have gained control , however , when prop Dom Crosby took Michael McIlorum 's pass to crash over for his first try for more than two years and scrum-half Matty Smith skipped through Wildcats defence for a solo score . Flying wingers Burgess and Dom Manfredi both produced clinical finishes to double the Warriors ' try tally before half-time but the gritty Yorkshiremen would not lie down as the game opened up after Sam Powell -LRB- Wigan -RRB- and Tim Smith -LRB- Wakefield -RRB- were despatched to the sin bin following a skirmish . Daniel Smith got skipper Danny Kirmond through a chink in the visitors ' defence for one try and stand-off Pita Godinet added another on the stroke of half-time , darting over from dummy half , as Wakefield eyed a repeat of last year 's shock win over Wane 's men . Burgess scorched over for his second try within two minutes of the re-start following more smart work from his centre partner Dan Sarginson as Wigan established a 12-point lead for the third time . But Godinet pounced on a stray pass from former Wigan 's Wakefield forward Taulima Tautai to get winger Chris Riley over for a fourth Wildcats try to cut the deficit to 30-22 . However , the game always looked to be within Wigan 's grasp and they opened up a three-score lead on 57 minutes when prop Lee Mossop proved unstoppable from 10 metres out . Burgess was denied when referee Robert Hicks ruled a knock-on from George Williams ' grubber kick but he duly completed his hat-trick on 63 minutes after accepting Williams ' cut-out pass to cross at the corner .