England suffered an injury scare at the start of their practice ` match ' here in St Kitts when Stuart Broad dramatically slipped in his delivery stride and was left clutching his ankle on the floor . Broad had complained about the state of the crease , which was damp after overnight rain , after bowling just three balls of his first over of the day at Warner Park . The groundsmen placed sand on the crease but from the very next delivery Broad slipped and went crashing to the ground , a blow which necessitated lengthy treatment before he left the field . Stuart Broad limps out of England 's warm-up match in Saint Kitts after slipping over during his delivery . Broad looked to be in considerable pain after the fall and was accompanied by physio Craig de Weymam . Broad required lengthy treatment on the pitch after clutching his left ankle following his fall . Broad looked in some pain as he lay on the ground following his dramatic fall while bowling . The team 's medical staff rushed out to the middle to treat Broad following his fall . The Warner Park crease was damp following over night rain , causing the England bowler to slip . Broad went off to receive ice treatment and returned to the action shortly afterwards . England captain Alastair Cook -LRB- right -RRB- watches on as ground staff make running repairs to the crease . Broad in full stride during his first over as England take on a Saint Kitts and Nevis Invitational XI . Broad was able to walk off himself and after ice treatment should return to the action . England there are no long-term effects but it is a concern for them with the first Test against West Indies starting on Monday in Antigua . It added to the sense of farce surrounding what has become a practice session rather than a second match against one of the worst teams England can ever have played . England attempted to make the most of a bad lot when they loaned Jonathan Trott , Gary Ballance and Jonny Bairstow to their opponents to give them additional practice . But the move backfired for Trott who edged Jimmy Anderson to third slip off just the third ball of the day and departed for a duck to follow the 72 he made on his return to England colours on Monday . Jonathan Trott , who had switched to the Saint Kitts team , was removed for a duck by James Anderson . Shane Jeffers of Saint Kitts is bowled by England 's Ben Stokes on day one of the second warm-up match . Stokes celebrates with wicketkeeper Jos Buttler after taking the wicket of Jeffers .