The former Navy SEAL who killed Osama bin Laden will host a ` machine gun fun ' shooting competition at a conservative fundraising event which costs $ 50,000 a ticket . Robert O'Neill , who claims the distinction of personally shooting dead the Al Qaeda leader , will treat specially-invited guests to a weekend shooting retreat in Jackson Hole , Wyoming . Potential attendees were contacted by the right-leaning For America non-profit and told to write back by May 10 for a chance to open fire alongside O'Neill . Shoot with The Shooter : Supporters of a conservative nonprofit were offered the change of a luxury stay in Wyoming with Robert O'Neill , pictured while still in the Navy , which would include a ` machine gun fun ' contest . Citing ` security reasons ' , the invitation , acquired by the Washington Post , did not say exactly when the event would be - but was clear about the hefty price tag . For their substantial donation , guests will be put up in the Amangani Resort Hotel , a sprawling luxury complex perched in the Rocky Mountains , on the edge of the Grand Teton National Park . Also included is the Jackson Hole Shooting Experience , which will see clay pigeon shooting , pistol events as well as the ` machine gun fun ' session . The shooting will take the form of a competition , in which guests will try to beat O'Neill 's score . Lock and load : Part of the double-handed trip would see guests try out the Jackson Hole Shooting Experience , including pistols , clay pigeon shooting as fully automatic weapons . The gun range is pictured above . Lush : Guests would be housed at the Amangani Resort Hotel , a mountain hotel complex on the edge of a national park . He has described his shooting prowess in great detail previously , specifically how he hit terrorist leader Bin Laden three times in the head , ending his life . Describing the top-secret 2011 raid on his compound in Abbottabad , Pakistan , O'Neill wrote : ` He 's got a gun within reach . He 's a threat . I need to get a head shot so he wo n't have a chance to clack himself off -LSB- blow himself up -RSB- . ' In the account for Esquire magazine - written while he was still anonymous - O'Neill continued : ` In that second , I shot him , two times in the forehead . Bap ! Bap ! ' ` The second time as he 's going down . He crumpled onto the floor in front of his bed and I hit him again , Bap ! same place . ` That time I used my EOTech red-dot holo sight . He was dead . Not moving . His tongue was out . I watched him take his last breaths , just a reflex breath . ' A spokesman for O'Neill told the Washington Post that he was participating in the big-money event ` as a favor to a friend who has been helping him out ' . On its website , ForAmerica claims to spearhead a new conservative movement on social media . Its introductory texts says that conservatives are ` outnumbered and being hit on both flanks ' , which it identifies as ` the radical Left ' and moderate Republicans . O'Neill leaped into the public spotlight last autumn , coming forward to identify himself as the solider previously known only as The Shooter on Veterans ' Day last winter . He spoke at length to Fox News about his exploits in a two-part documentary , and has made numerous speaking engagements since . However , his public discussions of a top-secret mission have angered many in the SEALs , including top commanders who said he was breaking the organization 's code of honor by seeking fame . It later emerged that he was being investigated by The Naval Criminal Investigative Service for allegedly revealing classified information . An NCIS spokesman today confirmed that the investigation is still active .