A mid-air altercation over legroom turned into a brawl on a flight from London Heathrow to Oman , after one passenger allegedly attacked another with a shoe . The fight broke out on the Oman Air flight 102 to Muscat after one man decided to move seats because the plane was n't full . However , a fellow passenger objected to the man moving near to him and a row broke out . After landing at Muscat , one man was taken away for questioning by police after being involved in a fight with another passenger on an Oman Air flight -LRB- file photo -RRB- . Passengers were forced to intervene after the argument escalated into a full-blown fight on board . The Irish Mirror reports that one of the men involved threw punches at the other , and also took of his shoe to use as a weapon in the scuffle . One passenger screamed that there was a baby nearby , while others were woken from their sleep by the commotion . The pilot alerted Muscat Airport , and on arrival , one man was taken away for questioning . ` It really was a really nasty incident , ' one passenger told the Irish Mirror . ` One guy completely lost the plot and started throwing several punches . Eventually the flight crew was alerted and managed to calm him down . ' As the plane was not at capacity , one man decided to move seats on the Oman Air flight 102 -LRB- file photo -RRB- . The Airbus A330 departed London Heathrow at 9.30 pm Saturday night , with the fight believed to have taken place less than three hours into the journey . A spokesperson for Oman Air told MailOnline Travel : ` Based on the reports received by the Senior Flight Supervisor , there was a disagreement between two passengers . ` Oman Air cabin crew , who are trained to manage unforeseen circumstances such as this , intervened and contained the situation . No risk was posed to the safety of fellow passengers . ` The flight , WY102 from London Heathrow , landed on time and safely at the Muscat International Airport . On arrival , Airport Security carried out the usual procedures of investigation . ` Oman Air would like to thank the cabin crew for managing this situation calmly and professionally . ' It 's not the first time a row over passengers ' space has caused problems mid-flight . Last year three incidents in one week saw three plane diversions in a period that became known as ` legroom wars ' . A Delta flight from New York to Florida was forced to divert after a row broke out over a reclined seat . Flight 2370 left New York en route to West Palm Beach , but was forced to land in Jacksonville . A woman reclined her seat so she could knit , but the person behind was trying to sleep on the table , and the two became engaged in a bitter argument . The issue of space on planes remains a key issue and means rows and disagreements are common . As the row ensured , the pilot took the decision to ground the plane ` out of an abundance of caution . ' And an American Airlines Miami-to-Paris flight was rerouted to Boston after air marshals had to restrain a man as two passengers came to blows when one of them attempted to recline their seat . The male passenger , Edmund Alexandre , of France , continued to be disruptive when a crew member tried to calm him , following him down the aisle and grabbing his arm . Two undercover federal air marshals on the flight then subdued and handcuffed the 61-year-old traveler . And a few days prior to this , a fight started on a United Airlines flight when a male passenger resorted to using a Knee Defender , a $ 21 gadget designed to prevent the person in front from reclining . A female passenger , sitting in the middle of Row 11 tried to recline , but found she could n't . When it emerged that the man in the seat behind had attached a Knee Defender , she asked a member of cabin crew to remove it . He refused , saying that he would no longer be able to work on his laptop , and the situation escalated , with the woman hurling a glass of water in the man 's face . The New Jersey-to-Denver flight was diverted to Chicago , and both of the passengers were booted off . Were you on Oman Air Flight 102 from Heathrow to Muscat , Oman on Saturday and witnessed the incident ? Contact john.hutchinson@dailymail.co.uk .