Radio DJ Neil Fox forced himself on a girl of 13 at a theme park after she asked him to pose for a photo , it was alleged yesterday . Fox -- known to his millions of listeners as Dr Fox -- also indecently assaulted two star-struck girls under the age of 16 at a motor show , a court heard . The 53-year-old is accused of a total of nine offences against three girls and three women over 23 years . One alleged victim says Fox repeatedly assaulted her at Capital Radio 's studios in Leicester Square . Scroll down for video . Support : DJ ` Dr ' Neil Fox leaves court with his wife Vicky where he denied nine sex attacks on six victims - including three children . Two others say they were sexually touched against their will by him at Magic FM 's studios in Central London . Fox denies seven counts of indecent assault and two counts of sexual touching without consent against six females between 1991 and 2014 . As the charges were put at Westminster Magistrates Court , his barrister Jonathan Caplan QC asked for reporting restrictions to be lifted because there had been false statements about the charges on social media . Fox , who wore a dark pinstripe suit and was accompanied to court by his wife Vicky , asked for his case to be heard by a district judge at the court , rather than facing a jury trial . Prosecutor Darren Watts told the court : ` The Crown argue that the complaints show a consistent and determined pattern of sexual predatory behaviour . ' He said Fox , a former Pop Idol judge , allegedly assaulted two girls at a motor show in Bromley , South East London , in the summer of 1991 while appearing there as a DJ . Mr Watts said : ` In relation to the first allegation the complainant was approximately 13 or 14 years of age . She ... asked for a photograph with him and he is said to have kissed her and forced his tongue down into her mouth . ' Fox , who denies sex attacks on women and children , smiles after he left today 's hearing . A second teenager alleged Fox kissed her and put his hand up her skirt . The attack on the 13-year-old girl at Chessington World of Adventures in Surrey took place in 1996 and allegedly involved Fox forcing his tongue into her mouth after she asked for a photo . He faces four charges of indecent assault against a former female colleague at Capital Radio , where he worked from 1993 to 2005 . The woman claims he squeezed her breasts and would regularly grope her bottom . Fox , of Chelsea , was granted bail and is next due in court on April 30 . Fox was first arrested in September last year and the DJ , who categorically denies the allegations , was then questioned for more than seven hours over four alleged offences . At the same time , officers swooped on his £ 3million home . Darren Watts , prosecuting said : ` In relation to the second allegation the victim was approximately 15 , at the same motor show . ` The defendant was present and has again been asked for a photograph , and it is alleged he kissed her - forcing his tongue into her mouth while putting his hand up her skirt and touching her bottom . Mr Watts explained that the next four allegations related to the same victim , a woman over 16 years old , at Capital Radio between 31 January 2003 and 31 December 2003 . ` In four separate incidents he has shown unacceptable behaviour , ' Mr Watts said . ` The first time he has put his arms around her , squeezing her breasts tightly . ` He would regularly touch her bottom , be that a caress or a squeeze . ` The third incident happened while he was in the recording studio - he bent her over from behind and stimulated sex . ' Mr Watts said on the fourth occasion Fox had touched the woman between her legs , albeit over clothing . Defence : Lawyers for the 53-year-old , from Fulham , south west London , said he ` categorically denies ' the allegations . The final two allegations of inappropriate touching are said to have taken place at Magic FM between January and November 2007 , and March and August 2014 . ` The next incident -LRB- eighth allegation -RRB- happened in the work place , ' Mr Watts said . ` It is said the defendant started touching her and putting his hand up her top , exposing her bra and breast . ' Suspended : Dr Fox is one of Britain 's most famous DJs but has been unable to work since his arrest . Fox then allegedly pushed her onto a sofa and simulated having sex , the court heard . The final incident also took place at Magic , where Fox is said to have approached a woman from behind and said ` Oh , I have just got to , ' before kissing her on the shoulder . He allegedly said to her : ` You look as if you taste so good . ' Charge one : Indecent assault on a girl under the age of 14 years in Bromley in 1991 . Charge two : Indecent assault on a girl under the age of 16 years in Bromley in 1991 . Charge three : Indecent assault on a girl under the age of 16 years at Chessington World of Adventures in 1996 . Charge four : Indecent assault on woman over 16 years of age in 2003 at Capital Radio . Charge five : Indecent assault on woman over 16 years of age in 2003 at Capital Radio . Charge six : Indecent assault on woman over 16 years of age in 2003 at Capital Radio . Charge seven : Indecent assault on woman over 16 years of age in 2003 at Capital Radio . Charge eight : Sexual assault on a female in 2007 in central London . Charge nine : Sexual assault on a female in 2014 in central London . Mr Caplan said it was ` regrettable ' that he had to apply for reporting restrictions to be lifted , but qualified he was doing this to ensure a ` fair trial ' for his client . Mr Caplan added that misreporting in the press and on social media as to what the allegations and charges amount to had ` courted inferences ' about the allegations which were ` wholly wrong . ' He said the alleged offences amounted to ` inappropriate kissing and touching over clothing . ' Mr Fox , started his career in local radio before moving the Radio Luxembourg and later Capital FM . There he presented in a number of slots , rising to fame as a DJ in the early 1990s . In 1993 he was given the job of hosting the Pepsi Network Chart on Sunday afternoon . The Top 40 show soared in popularity and at one time had a bigger audience than its Radio 1 rival . He was later rumoured to have been offered the coveted breakfast slot on Radio 1 , following the departure of Chris Evans . Fox went on to present a Channel 5 TV show based around the Pepsi Top 40 Chart and has won numerous awards throughout his career . But he is perhaps best known as one of the judges on Pop Idol , a forerunner of X Factor , alongside Simon Cowell , Pete Waterman and Nicki Chapman . The series ran on ITV from 2001 to 2003 and set the format of TV talent shows based on audience voting for the next decade . Two years later Fox took the breakfast show chair on 105.4 Magic FM and has remained there ever since . The presenter -LRB- left -RRB- is perhaps best known as one of the judges on Pop Idol , a forerunner of X Factor , alongside Simon Cowell -LRB- second from right -RRB- Pete Waterman -LRB- right -RRB- and Nicki Chapman -LRB- second from left -RRB- . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .