A New York teen who lost everything in Hurricane Sandy has been accepted to seven Ivy League schools . Daria Rose , 18 , immersed herself in her studies after she and her family lost everything -- including their home -- when the superstorm hit in October 2012 . And after a difficult high school experience , the 18-year-old has a bright future ahead of her . The Hempstead teen has been accepted into all seven of the Ivy League schools she applied to , ABC news reports . Scroll down for video . Acceptance : New York teen Daria Rose -LRB- photographed -RRB- lost everything in Hurricane Sandy and was recently accepted to seven Ivy League schools . Dreams : The frequent moves Rose and her family underwent after the superstorm made finishing school work difficult for Rose , but she never gave up on her dream of attending an Ivy League school . ` I was like , oh my God , I just got into Harvard , ' Rose told ABC 7 . ` Then I checked Princeton , and I was like , oh my God I , just got into Princeton . And I checked Brown , I got in . It just kept going and going . ' Rose did not apply to Columbia , according to ABC . Rose and her family lived in several hotels as well as her grandmother 's house after being forced to evacuate their home in Baldwin , which was destroyed , ABC News reports . After more than a year , the family moved into a new home in Baldwin . Although the frequent moves made finishing school work difficult , Rose said , she never gave up on her dream of attending an Ivy League school . ` I was living in these small spaces but in my head I was able to escape , ' Rose said ` find myself in a literary world . ' Rose wrote about her Hurricane Sandy experience in a college application essay in which she talked about the storm and how reading helped her cope . Secure : A college essay about her experience helped Rose to secure a spot in Yale , Harvard , Princeton , Dartmouth , University of Pennsylvania , Cornell , and Brown . Blessing : Rose 's mother , Katrina Brooks -LRB- left -RRB- , said that the family 's experience turned out to be a blessing because the teen had something substantial to write to the schools ' admissions offices . The essay helped the Sacred Heart Academy student secure a spot in Yale , Harvard , Princeton , Dartmouth , University of Pennsylvania , Cornell , and Brown . ` After moving so much and meeting so many different people , I learned I can adapt and adjust to all these different situations and people , ' Rose told ABC 7 . Rose 's mother , Katrina Brooks , said that the family 's experience turned out to be a blessing because it provided the teen with something substantial to write to the schools ' admissions offices . ` It 's easy to say ` I 'm just going to lay here in a ball and cry and wallow in my own self pity , '' Brooks said . ` I 'd make sure she 'd get up and put one foot in front of the other . ' Destroyed : Rose and her family lived in several hotels as well as her grandmother 's house after being forced to evacuate their home in Baldwin -LRB- photographed -RRB- , which was destroyed . New Home : After more than a year , the family moved into a new home in Baldwin -LRB- photographed is wreckage of Rose 's home following the storm -RRB- . While Rose said she had always leaned toward Yale , in her junior year of high school , she began looking at other options and decided to apply to the seven schools . Rose applied to seven of the eight Ivy League schools and , on March 31 , the schools posted their decisions online , according to ABC . ` They 're all such great schools , ' Rose said . ' -LSB- I 'll -RSB- try to see where I 'll fit in the best . ' Rose said she plans to study political science and Russian literature . She has until May 1 to decided where she will attend .