With two personal maids and travel by private jet , Choupette is by far the world 's most pampered pet . And , it now appears the three-year-old cat belonging to Karl Lagerfeld is also the richest . The fashion designer has revealed his white Siamese earned £ 2.18 million last year - that 's just £ 220,000 less than Cara Delevingne , one of the world 's top models , who took home £ 2.4 million . Scroll down for video . Karl Lagerfeld , 82 , with three-year-old Siamese Choupette , who has earned £ 2million from TV appearances . Last year Choupette earned nearly as much as Cara Delevingne , despite only doing two jobs . And while Choupette raked in his cash by appearing in just two adverts , Cara had to work a lot harder , starring in multiple campaigns , walking tens of catwalks -LRB- including Lagerfeld 's Chanel shows -RRB- and endorsing products . Lagerfeld , 82 , said his cat was picked to appear in a commercial for cars in Germany and beauty products in Japan . And while he was happy for her to star in the adverts for the luxury items , he said she was ` too sophisticated ' to be used to advertise food for other cats . ` Choupette became the most famous cat in the world , and the richest , ' said Lagerfeld , the head designer for fashion house Chanel . ` She did two jobs and made three million euros last year . One was for cars in Germany and the other was for a Japanese beauty product . Choupette in her Corsa car adverts for the new range in 2014 in Berlin . The cat has her own Twitter account . ` I do n't allow her to do foodstuffs and things like this . She 's too sophisticated for that . She had something unique ' Choupette , who has her own Twitter and Instagram accounts , appeared in an advert for Opel cars helping to promote the new Corsa range in 2014 . She followed in the footsteps of supermodels Kate Moss and Naomi Campbell who previously helped promote the cars . The cat has even been a cover girl for a magazine and recently , while staying in New York , had her own £ 400 a night room at the Mercer hotel . Lagerfeld shot the adverts for the Japanese company She Uemura with his pet becoming the first cat to front a beauty campaign . The German-born designer raised eyebrows two years ago when he said he was so in love with his feline friend that he wanted to marry her . He revealed the glamour puss ate dinner with him at a table in the Paris mansion they shared and had weekly manicures for her claws . Lagerfeld doted on Choupette so much he described her as a ` kept woman ' . His affection for his furry friend has n't waned . ` She stays always with me and she has two personal maids , he said . ` They play with her , they have to take care of her beautiful white hair , the beauty treatments for her eyes , and they entertain her . She is the centre of the world . ' While in New York recently to present his latest collection Choupette had her own room at the £ 400 a night Mercer hotel . Lagerfeld said he has become a recluse , rarely going out because he does n't want to be photographed by other people and end up in their ` selfies ' . His pet cat is his only companion . ` She is like a human being , but the good thing is that she 's silent , ' he told New York magazine . ` You do n't have to discuss it . She hates other animals and she hates children . She stays always with me and she has two personal maids . ` They play with her , they have to take care of her beautiful white hair , the beauty treatments for her eyes , and they entertain her . She is the centre of the world . Karl Lagerfeld at the opening of the exhibition of his photos ` Corsa Karl and Choupette ' at the Palazzo Italia . The 82-year-old fashion designer raised eyebrows recently when he said he was so in love with his feline friend he wanted to marry her . He also revealed that she has weekly manicures for her claws . ` If you saw her , you would understand . She is kind of Greta Garbo . There is something unforgettable about her , the way she moves , the way she plays . ` She 's an inspiration for elegance . For attitude . ' Asked if having Choupette had changed him , Lagerfeld said : ` Maybe I became a better person perhaps , I do n't know . ` Less selfish , I guess ? I think it 's grotesque , but what can you do ? I believe in the unique . This is not just something to keep me company . It 's only great because of the uniqueness of her . ' And Lagerfeld 's own life is as gilded and bizarre as his cats . He has a butler who wears a white coat and tie and travels ahead of him , greeting him with a chilled wine glass of Diet Coke . In an interview with Harper 's Bazaar he once revealed that he has to sleep for seven hours a day , every day . Lagerfeld stands next to a drawing of his Birman cat at the vernissage for his photo calender ` Corsa Karl and Choupette ' at the Palazzo Italia in Berlin . Choupette even has her own Instagram which posts adorable pictures of the cat . He follows a strict diet which starts with two protein shakes and steamed apples and he refuses to drink hot drinks . Lagerfeld famously lost six and a half stone saying that he did so so that he could , ` be a good clothes horse . ' His hair , which he has pulled back into a pony-tail every day , is not actually the white hue it seems , in fact he has previously admitted that he sprays it every day with masses of dry shampoo to achieve the colour . Karl Lagerfeld -LRB- centre -RRB- with his muse Brad Kroenig -LRB- behind left -RRB- and godson Hudson Kroenig -LRB- front left -RRB- wearing a T-shirt with Choupette on , out for a stroll in Saint Tropez in 2012 . Last year for his SS15 Womenswear show Karl used his models to create a feminist protest . When he 's not designing he spends much of his time flying around the world in private jets , accompanied by gorgeous male models . He creates his famous designs at home and says he rarely likes to go out because he hates people taking pictures of him . He told TheCut : ` I do n't go to movie theaters because I do n't want to be photographed by strangers . ` People bother me wherever I go . I like to imagine the world my way . I do n't want second-rate images of the world . '