Police have blasted motorists who played an impromptu game of football on the M25 after becoming stuck in a major traffic jam . Long tailbacks built up on both sides of the carriageway as a stretch of the motorway between junctions four and five in Ortford , Kent was closed so an air ambulance could land to rescue a seriously injured female motorcyclist . But during the hour-long delay today , Kent Police received reports that people started kicking a ball about in the closed stretch of the road . Motorists who were caught playing football on the M25 after becoming stuck in a major traffic jam on the motorway in Kent . They tweeted : ` We have reports people are playing football in the static traffic on the M25 . ` This is dangerous . We ask that people remain in their vehicles . ' Meanwhile at the same time two teenagers found themselves stranded on the wrong side of the motorway when the clockwise carriageway reopened . Police said that the pair had walked to the opposite side after the road was closed and had to be escorted back to their vehicle by police after it reopened catching them unaware . A Kent Police spokesman said : ` The pair had reportedly walked across the motorway whilst the road was closed , but then were unable to get back when the road was re-opened . ` A patrol helped them return to their vehicle . ` Police are now appealing for information following a serious road traffic collision on the M25 between junctions 4 and 5 . ` The anti-clockwise carriageway is still currently down to one lane and motorists are advised to avoid the area . Kent Police tweeted warning motorists to remain inside their vehicles while they were stuck in the gridlock . ` Police are also keen to remind people to stay in their vehicles if they are stuck in stationary traffic . ' The accident at lunchtime today followed another serious incident in Kent when a coach caught fire on an A2 slip road to the M25 near Dartford . The blaze sent plumes of black smoke across the carriageway with footage taken by motorists showing the wreckage of the vehicle . The fire completely destroyed the coach and is believed to have started in the engine compartment and spread to the body of the vehicle .