It was a real-life fairytale -- the moment , 70 years ago , when two carefully guarded princesses were let loose to join the jubilant crowds in London celebrating the end of the Second World War in Europe . Now the adventure has been re-created in a new film , showing the young Princesses Elizabeth and Margaret as they wander incognito through the city streets . And among the most curious viewers of A Royal Night Out , released next month to coincide with the anniversary of VE Day on May 8 , 1945 , will be a woman who knows better than anyone what really happened on that extraordinary night . Scroll down for video . Royal Role : Canadian Sarah Gadon , left . plays a young Princess Elizabeth , pictured right . Dancing Queen : Sarah Gadon as Princess Elizabeth enjoying a night out to celebrate the end of the Second World War . Because she was there . ` It was a Cinderella moment in reverse , ' says The Hon Margaret Rhodes , 89 , first cousin to the Queen and her best friend . ` It was wonderful bedlam . I ca n't remember whose idea it was . It was just one of those things that happened . ' Speaking to The Mail on Sunday from her home at Windsor Great Park , she says : ` I think it 's one of the things that the Queen remembers with great happiness . Neither of them had ever done anything remotely similar , being let loose in a crowd like that to walk all the way from Buckingham Palace through to Trafalgar Square . ` Everyone was kissing everybody and picking up hats and throwing them away . It was euphoria at its most euphoric ! ' Mrs Rhodes , then young Margaret Elphinstone , was lodging at Buckingham Palace while working as a secretary for the military intelligence service MI6 . She recalls how a small gang including 19-year-old Princess Elizabeth , Princess Margaret , 15 , and Mrs Rhodes 's brothers , left the Palace by the Privy Gate . ` With the best will in the world , I ca n't remember if Princess Elizabeth kissed anyone , but kisses were being thrown about very liberally , ' she says . ` It was like we had all been living under a huge , heavy , dark cloud . And suddenly , it had gone . I 'm so old now , I 'm literally the only other person left alive who was there with them on VE Day . ' The Queen is said to remember the night with ` great happiness ' In the film , which stars Canadian actress Sarah Gadon as the future Queen and British newcomer Bel Powley as Princess Margaret , the sisters are shown wearing cocktail dresses for their adventure . In real life , Princess Elizabeth was wearing her Auxiliary Territorial Service uniform . Mrs Rhodes says : ` In order not to be recognised , the Queen pulled her cap right down over her eyes and one of the officers who was with us said , `` Look , I 'm not going about with an officer who ca n't wear her cap properly , '' so she had to put it back . Mrs Rhodes adds : ` I always thought it was very clever of the King and Queen Elizabeth -LSB- the Queen Mother -RSB- to let the girls go out into the night , with all those myriad of people around them . They knew it was something the Queen and Princess Margaret would never forget . ' Princess Elizabeth is also shown forming a brief attachment with a young serviceman called Jack , who takes her gambling and to a Soho brothel . ` That did n't happen , ' laughs Mrs Rhodes , whose younger self does not feature in the film . ` Apparently , Princess Margaret escapes on the top deck of a bus . That never happened . ' Princess Margaret is also shown quite drunk . ` No ! There was no possibility . We never encountered anyone offering one a drink , ' insists Mrs Rhodes , the daughter of the 16th Lord Elphinstone . One of the true scenes in the film is of the Royal party dancing the conga through the Ritz . ` The smart old ladies having drinks were gobsmacked , ' says Mrs Rhodes , although it actually happened on VJ night , August 15 -- when Britain celebrated Japan 's surrender . The princesses were protected on their VE Day jaunt by Captain Harold Campbell RN , equerry to Princess Elizabeth 's father , King George VI . ` He was deeply disapproving of the whole manoeuvre , ' says Mrs Rhodes . The party returned to the Palace after midnight . ` It was emancipation , ' says Mrs Rhodes . ` I do n't think anybody realises what she has had to give up . You give up your independence . Poor Princess Margaret is dead , but that night is something I know the Queen will never forget . ' ... And she recorded a secret song tape . Friends : Margaret Rhodes , left with Princess Margaret and Elizabeth , right . By Michael Powell . The Queen and Princess Margaret recorded a secret tape of children 's songs as a touching gift for their mother on her 90th birthday , it has been revealed . Pianist and composer Laurie Holloway has told for the first time how his friend Princess Margaret phoned him with the idea , days before the Queen Mother 's milestone birthday in August 1990 . He was summoned to Buckingham Palace and taken to an upstairs room ` where there was a dark brown , walnut grand piano and two microphones . There was also a sound engineer who I think they had got in from the BBC ' . Mr Holloway said the Queen , then 64 , and Princess Margaret , then 59 , wanted to sing quite unusual children 's songs . ` One was called I Know Where The Flies Go In Winter Time , ' he said . ` The Queen said they were taught them by their mother 's father , the Earl of Strathmore . We rehearsed them a few times and then we recorded them in one take each . ' Mr Holloway , 77 , musical director on Strictly Come Dancing for its first three series , said the Royal sisters sang ` very well , beautifully in fact ' during the two-hour recording session . ` The Queen has a nice , sweet tone to her voice , ' he added . He said Margaret told him the Queen Mother loved the gift . ` She said that when they gave it to her at Windsor , the Queen Mother said she did n't have anything to play it on , so they had to go out to the car to listen to it . ` Later , Prince Charles arrived and wanted to listen to it . They told him he would have to go out to the car and to everyone else 's surprise he opened a cupboard and there was all the latest stereo equipment right there . ' Sadly , the cassette went missing after the Queen Mother 's death in 2002 , although Mr Holloway wonders if a copy might still exist somewhere .