A council has been slammed for ripping up more than 12,000 cobbles from a historic road so it can relay them to make it a smoother surface for cyclists . Cobbles on the road , which runs alongside the Bristol Floating Harbour and dates back to the 19th century , will be lifted from their current place and cut in half before being relaid again . The council tested the technique on a small patch of paving and said the reaction had been ` overwhelmingly ' in support for the scheme from cyclists , pedestrians and wheelchair users . The cobbles will be lifted from their current place , cut in half and then relaid again to make the surface smoother for cyclists . The history of the area dates back to May 1809 when 83 acres of the tidal River Avon was impounded to keep ships in the port of Bristol afloat at all times . Maggie Shapland , a member of the Bristol Industrial Archaeological Society , has questioned what the work will do to the appearance of the historic harbourside . She said : ' 12,000 cobbles have been lifted . They are being cut in half and re-laid so that there is a flat surface . The history of the area dates back to the 19th century when Bristol Floating Harbour was built . ` It has apparently been requested by the cyclists despite the fact that it is a harbourside walk and not a designated cyclist route . ` This is a massive job , must have cost a fortune since the cobbles are hard to cut and will totally change the appearance of the area . ' The work is part of the council 's and the Cycling Ambition Fund 's overall vision of making the city more attractive for users . Ms Shapland added that the area is Grade II listed , and she did not believe the council had obtained the proper permission before starting the work . She said : ` They have not applied for listed building consent , so there has been no consultation . ' A spokesperson for Bristol City Council said : ` The changes do not require planning consent or other permissions . ` Before starting the work , we tested a small area of cobbles behind the Olive Shed and received overwhelming support from people in favour of the technique . The spokesperson added that the work was being carried out to improve the surface of the road for pedestrians and wheelchair users as well as cyclists . She said : ` We are making some adjustments to the cobbles in these streets to improve the surface for pedestrians , cyclists , wheelchair users , people suffering from arthritis and many others . ` The work is part of the Cycling Ambition Fund and the council 's vision to improve road surfaces across the city in order to make Bristol more attractive to walk and cycle in . ' The council tested the technique on a small patch and said the reaction had been ` overwhelmingly ' in support .