Former Rangers striker Marco Negri has revealed he quit the Scottish giants after fearing he was HIV-positive . Negri joined the Ibrox outfit from Italian side Perugia for £ 3.5 million in 1997 , scoring a staggering 23 goals in his first 10 league games for the club . However , a series of injuries destabilised his career in Glasgow including a reserve match against Aberdeen on November 13 , 2000 . Ex-Rangers forward Marco Negri has revealed that he quit the club after fearing he had AIDS . Cosenza -LRB- Italy -RRB- - 19 goals in 34 league games - -LRB- 1994-95 -RRB- . Perugia -LRB- Italy -RRB- - 33 in 60 - -LRB- 1995-97 -RRB- . Rangers - 32 in 30 - -LRB- 1997-2001 -RRB- . Vicenza -LRB- Italy , on loan -RRB- - 1 in 9 - -LRB- 1999-00 -RRB- . Bologna -LRB- Italy -RRB- - 0 in 3 - -LRB- 2001-02 -RRB- . Cagliari -LRB- Italy -RRB- - 2 in 5 - -LRB- 2002 -RRB- . Livorno -LRB- Italy -RRB- 8 in 10 - -LRB- 2002-03 -RRB- . Perugia - 0 in 3 - -LRB- 2004-05 -RRB- . During the encounter the then 30-year-old forward was on the receiving end of a crunching tackle that caused his right shinbone to bleed profusely . After hospital tests and treatment for what was perceived as a ` deep wound ' , Negri returned to action in the New Year to train with the reserve team where he suffered a shooting pain in his right knee and leg . Further scans at Ross Hall Hospital showed an inflammation of the shinbone and more worryingly that properties of his blood had been attacked by a lymphogranuloma or lymphosarcoma - common symptoms for those that suffer with HIV/AIDS . However , in his imminent autobiography ` Moody Blue - The Story of the Mysterious Marco ' , which is serialised in the Daily Record ; the now 44-year-old reveals that his worst fears were n't confirmed after flying to Italy for treatment . ` I was immediately hospitalised . I had n't even considered the possibility of being HIV positive but the harsh reality was there in front of me in the medical report , and it was hard to ignore and digest , ' Negri wrote . In his autobiography , Negri -LRB- left -RRB- reveals his nightmare started after a reserve match vs Aberdeen in 2000 . After months of hospital scans in Scotland , Negri -LRB- right -RRB- was told in Italy that his blood was absolutely fine . ` I did n't feel able to deal with such a thing alone . I needed my family around me and wanted to undergo further tests in Italy to understand exactly what was going on , the risks and chances of recovery . ` I had to return to Italy , and not on a temporary basis . I asked my lawyer to speak to Rangers about an early dissolution of my contract . ` They had no objections to the premature ending of our relationship , which was something I really appreciated , although it also showed me how serious my condition was . ` Luckily , I did n't have to wait long to learn I was simply suffering a stress fracture of the tibial axis of the knee . This diagnosis was given by doctors in Bologna . In Scotland they had n't got it right this time , even if the results of three blood tests confirmed some anomalies that could n't be overlooked . ` Further tests found my blood to be absolutely fine and there was no need for medication or invasive treatment . My drama had been resolved in the best way possible , and I put behind me the endless days of terror when the worst case scenario was swimming around in my head . ' Negri scored a staggering 23 goals in his first 10 league games for Rangers after joining in 1997 .