Shopping with friends is bad for your bank balance -- because it encourages people to spend far more than they would if making purchases by themselves . In a survey of 1,000 people from across the country , conducted by personal budgeting software company YouNeedaBudget.com , 64 per cent of adults confessed that they end up spending more money when they shop with friends . The main reasons for this were said to be ` showing off in front of friends ' and ` succumbing to peer pressure and buying things we would n't ordinary buy ' . Peer pressure : 64 per cent of adults think they spend more money when they go shopping with friends , many blaming the urge to ` show off ' Nearly half of the participants -LRB- 45 per cent -RRB- blamed the fact that they get carried away by excitement when they shop with friends . In fact , nearly two-thirds of Americans admit they would actually prefer to shop by themselves than with pals . But the site that conducted the study says there 's no need to hit the mall alone to avoid buyer 's remorse . ` It 's all about priorities , ' said Lindsey Burgess , a spokesperson for You Need a Budget . ` You need to decide what is most important to you and set your budget accordingly . ` When you know you will get to spend money on the things that matter most , it is easier to say no to impulse purchases and feel good about what you do buy , because it fits your long-term goals . ' Food : 58 per cent . Clothing : 54 per cent . Household items : 28 per cent . Shoes : 21 per cent . Entertainment : 20 per cent . But while 85 per cent of participants in the study said they do give themselves a budget when they shop , 95 per cent admitted that they usually spend more than originally planned . Top items on which people overspend on include food -LRB- 58 per cent -RRB- , clothing -LRB- 54 per cent -RRB- , household items -LRB- 28 per cent -RRB- , shoes -LRB- 21 per cent -RRB- , and entertainment -LRB- 20 per cent -RRB- . Meanwhile , 53 per cent justify their overspending because an item happened to be on sale , while 34 per cent call their pricey purchases a ` special treat ' . An impulsive 22 per cent said they just had to do it because it was ` absolutely necessary ' at the time . A further 19 per cent of respondents also said their spouse or partner gives them a hard time for overspending , though five per cent do n't even tell their significant others about their big purchases .