Lance Armstrong has said the World Anti-Doping Agency and others are ` owed an apology ' from him for cheating during his cycling career - but noted that the agency 's chief rebuffed efforts to meet back in 2013 . David Howman , director general of WADA , said this week that he is disappointed Armstrong had not apologised for costly and time-consuming lawsuits before the former cycling champion admitted using performance-enhancing drugs . Armstrong initially declined comment on Howman 's remark , but on Wednesday provided the AP with a May 2013 email exchange with Howman , who initially indicted he could meet with Armstrong , then backed off under advice from WADA lawyers . Lance Armstrong admits groups such as WADA , USADA and others are owed an apology for his offences . WADA director general David Howman said this week that he was disappointed Armstrong had n't apologised . ` I can talk at a suitable time and at a suitable place ... What do you suggest ? ' Howman responded to Armstrong 's first inquiry about a meeting . A few days later , after Armstrong recounted his upcoming schedule , Howman broke off the discussion . ` Having reflected upon your request to meet with me , and having taken advice from our lawyers , it is apparent that it is a situation where little , if anything , can be gained from such a meeting , ' Howman wrote Armstrong . Howman did not immediately respond Wednesday to requests for comment . Armstrong won the Tour de France every year from 1999-2005 . Those titles were stripped after a massive report in 2012 by the US Anti-Doping Agency detailed doping by Armstrong and his US Postal Service teammates . In the email , Howman said he told Armstrong 's attorneys months earlier they should meet with USADA . Although the intent of the meeting request with Howman is not relayed in emails , Armstrong said Wednesday he reached out to Howman in hopes of discussing a potential ` truth and reconciliation ' effort to confront doping in cycling . Armstrong first declined comment on Howman 's remark but then revealed his attempt to meet him in 2013 . Armstrong 's agreement to take part in a Tour de France charity ride with former England footballer Geoff Thomas has caused controversy with some in cycling saying his presence at the event is disrespectful . A probe into the sport 's doping problems was later conducted by the Cycling Independent Reform Commission , which met twice with Armstrong and issued its report in March . Part of the report detailed Armstrong 's efforts to debunk a report by the French newspaper L'Equipe that found his urine samples from the 1999 Tour de France tested positive for EPO , a hormone that helps endurance . The UCI hired Dutch lawyer Emile Vrijman to investigate the findings and the probe produced a report that Vrijman claimed exonerated Armstrong and instead blamed WADA and the testing lab . Amstrong holds up seven fingers , one for each of the Tour de France titles that were later stripped from him ; and former UCI president Pat McQuaid at the 2012 press conference in Geneva that delivered his fate . The report released last month detailed how Armstrong 's lawyers were allowed to help write the report that criticized WADA . Armstrong said he does n't know if he would have apologised to Howman had they met in 2013 , but it would have been a chance to do it in person . ` I was in a different headspace , ' Armstrong said . ` There 's no doubt that a lot of people like them , like USADA , are owed an apology . ' Armstrong said there 's been no attempt to meet with Howman since 2013 .