Alec Stewart has expressed his interest in becoming the new Director of England Cricket following the sacking on Wednesday of Managing Director Paul Downton . Stewart , who played in a record 133 Tests for England and is currently director of cricket at Surrey , has not yet been approached by the ECB . But he said : ` When England come calling , you should n't say no . ' The early bookies ' favourite for the post is Michael Vaughan , the former England captain who is close to the incoming ECB chairman Colin Graves , and has also made clear his desire to help English cricket out of its current state of chaos . Alec Stewart stands at the KIA Oval ahead of a Surrey team photo shoot on Thursday . Stewart lines up with Surrey players for the team photo at the KIA Oval . Test matches : 133 . Highest score : 190 . Runs : 8463 . Centuries : 15 . Half-centuries : 45 . Batting average : 39.54 . Stumpings : 14 . First test : West Indies , Kingston , Feb 24 , '90 . Last test : South Africa , The Oval , Sep 4 , '03 . Stats via ESPNcricinfo . But Stewart , who also spoke highly of the early impression Kevin Pietersen has made on his return to the Surrey team , remains a respected figure in the game . And he is open to offers . Asked whether he 'd be interested in the post -- created by the ECB 's new chief executive Tom Harrison , who confirmed Downton 's demise Wednesday evening -- Stewart said : ` I ca n't just say yes until I know what the role and the responsibility are . But , of course , if it was the right role , you 'd be stupid not to look at it . ` As a player I did just about anything that was asked of me . If they asked me to take on a role , and it 's the right role , of course I 'd listen and have a big conversation -- once the ECB have asked Surrey permission to speak to me , of course , because I 'm under contract here . ` I just want England to be the best side in the world . And if the ECB felt I was the right person to help take them to No 1 , then of course I 'd look at it . ` I 've got a big job here , and that 's what I 'm concentrating on . But at the same time you 've got to make yourself aware of other opportunities , and when England come calling , you should n't say no . ` If they want someone with experience of being a director of cricket , then I 'd have thought I 'd be very close to being at the top of that list . ' Stewart -LRB- centre front -RRB- poses in the Surrey team photo ahead of the start of the County Championship season . Stewart was a wicketkeeper-batsman for England . Here he looks on as Australia 's Steve Waugh plays a shot towards England fielder Graham Thorpe in the fifth test of an Ashes clash at Edgbaston in 1993 . Stewart is carried by team-mates Steve Harmison -LRB- left -RRB- and Andrew Flintoff , after playing his final Test match , at the Oval in September 2003 against South Africa . But Stewart made clear he 'd be interested in the job only if there was a clear definition of his accountability . ` If you do well , you get patted on the back , if you do n't do well , you get moved on . To me , it 's straightforward . But if there are too many bits and pieces in the jigsaw , people can hide . ` I 'm not one for hiding . It 's about making tough decisions , and living and dying by those decisions . And making sure the players play without fear . ' Stewart , who led England in 15 Tests and scored nearly 8,500 runs , was effusive in his praise of Pietersen , whose chances of a surprise England recall increased from highly unlikely to merely improbable following the sacking of Downton -- who in turn had sacked Pietersen over a year ago . Kevin Pietersen will feature for Stewart 's Surrey outfit in this year 's county championships and the former wicket-keeper batsman believes the 34-year-old could still make a comeback at international level . ` We 've never had a problem with him , ' said Stewart . ` I 'm sure other dressing-rooms may not say the same , but we do n't have to handle him . ` He fits in well . When he walked in , he went to his locker straightaway : it was like he 'd never been away . We can only speak in glowing terms of him . And that 's how I judge people , is how I find them -- not hearsay , or from other people . ` England have said he 's not on their radar . But you should never say never . If he 's racking the runs up , and England are struggling , if the players are n't getting runs or there 's an injury to a batsman , and he 's in top form -- why would n't you want to bring him back ? '