The state of Oklahoma has removed protection for gay people who use ride-sharing services Uber and Lyft . Initially , the Oklahoma Transportation Network Company Services Act included language that prohibited the companies from discriminating against customers based on sexual orientation or gender identity . However , Sen. Jason Smalley has revealed he rewrote the bill to eliminate that language and allow private businesses to establish their own policies regarding discrimination . Controversy : Uber drivers in Oklahoma now have a right to refuse gay , lesbian , bisexual and transgender customers who use the ride-sharing app . ` I believe if a private business owner wants to serve or not serve an individual , they have that purview right now , ' said Smalley , a Republican . The new version of the bill faced fierce criticism from Sen. John Sparks , a Norman Democrat who tried unsuccessfully to amend the measure . He attempted to add requirements that any driver who wishes to discriminate against a customer based on sexual orientation or gender identity must advertise their intent on their vehicle and on the company 's website . ` Why should you be able to discriminate ? ' Sparks said . ` We 're talking about a level of civil conduct in the marketplace . Society has figured out that when you enter the marketplace , you should have an expectation of being treated fairly . ' Uber and Lyft , among the most popular ridesharing programs , already have policies in place that prohibit discrimination against customers based on sexual orientation or gender identity . ` Uber 's policy is to serve every neighborhood , every driver and every person who needs a ride , ' company spokeswoman Jennifer Mullin said . Rewritten : Republican Sen. Jason Smalley -LRB- pictured -RRB- rewrote the bill to give drivers the option to discriminate . The company will continue to enforce its current terms of service , ` which make clear that discrimination in any form is not tolerated and will result in removal from the platform , ' she said . Troy Stevenson , executive director of Freedom of Oklahoma , said in a statement that the group does not ` understand why a member of the Oklahoma Legislature wants to remove protections for -LSB- lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender -RSB- Oklahomans from a bill that is specific to an industry that already protects them , in their corporate policies . Oklahomans do not believe in discrimination , and it is time for ideological law makers to quit trying to distract from the real problems of our state by attacking the LGBT community . '