Nasa could afford to send US astronauts to Mars orbit by 2033 and onto the Red Planet 's surface by 2039 , a new report has claimed . The Planetary Society analysed the feasibility and cost of a crewed mission to orbit the Martian moon Phobos in 2033 , leading up to a crewed landing on the Red Planet in 2039 . It concluded that such a plan could indeed fit within NASA 's human space exploration budget - but that politics is holding the decision back . Scroll down for video . The Planetary Society says Nasa can afford a crewed mission to orbit the Martian moon Phobos in 2033 , leading up to a crewed landing on the Red Planet in 2039 . The Phobos orbital mission would last approximately 30 months , with nine months of travel each way and 12 months in orbit , the panelists said . Crewmembers would be able to study Phobos and Deimos , Mars ' other moon , and potentially teleoperate rovers on the Martian surface . The panel said the current plan would use an Orion spacecraft to move crewmembers from Earth into orbit and back down . ` We believe we now have an example of a long-term , cost-constrained , executable humans-to-Mars program , ' Scott Hubbard , a professor in the Stanford University Department of Aeronautics and Astronautics and a member of The Planetary Society 's board of directors , said . ` This workshop was an important step in community-building among the many groups interested in Mars science and exploration . ' The Society 's CEO -LRB- and former TV ` Science Guy ' -RRB- Bill Nye , said : ` Getting humans to Mars is far more complex than getting to Earth 's Moon , ' said Nye . ` But space exploration brings out the best in us . ` By reaching consensus on the right set of missions , we can send humans to Mars without breaking the bank . ' The workshop 's 70 attendees discussed the technical feasibility , affordability and benefits of a proposed schedule to get humans into orbit around Mars and eventually onto the planet 's surface , using a detailed plan was not created by The Planetary Society , but was proposed in a separate report co-created by NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory . Phobos is the larger and inner of the two natural satellites of Mars , the other being Deimos . Both moons were discovered in 1877 . The workshop ` reached a consensus ' on a series of key points , including that an orbital mission would be required prior to a crewed mission to the surface of Mars , and an independent cost estimate showed that the program would fit into the NASA budget , assuming the agency ` ends its lead role in the International Space Station . ' The 2033 orbital mission was identified as the crucial first step of the plan , comparing it to NASA 's Apollo 8 mission , which took astronauts into orbit around the moon before humans landed on the satellite 's surface . The Phobos orbital mission would last approximately 30 months , with nine months of travel each way and 12 months in orbit , the panelists said . Crewmembers would be able to study Phobos and Deimos , Mars ' other moon , and potentially teleoperate rovers on the Martian surface . The panel said the current plan would use an Orion spacecraft to move crewmembers from Earth into orbit and back down . ` While the conditions for another Apollo-era Kennedy moment do n't exist , we have a highly skilled scientific engineering and policy community that is eager to get going on sending humans to Mars , ' said Dr. John Logsdon , workshop co-chair and professor emeritus , Space Policy Institute , Elliott School of International Affairs , George Washington University . ` We believe the consensus points achieved during this workshop can get us moving down the path to the Red Planet . ' The ` Humans Orbiting Mars ' workshop took place in Washington , D.C. Various forms of propulsion have been touted for a mission to Mars , including chemical , ion -LRB- electric -RRB- and nuclear . But while nuclear is often said to be the ` holy grail ' , the team found it did not noticeably shorten the mission over other versions . Shown is an illustration of a concept Mars Transfer Vehicle . Logsdon said he thinks a decision on whether to adopt the plan is ` an issue for the next president . ' Hubbard said that , in the past , Mars missions may have been limited by technological or scientific challenges , but that no longer appears to be the case . ` In the past , when the question of humans to Mars came up , I would typically cite a number of major hurdles : biomedical , launch systems and so forth , ' he said . ` And as of today , I think that those risks have either been reduced or you know how to minimize them , and so I am at the same place that John -LSB- Logsdon -RSB- and Bill -LSB- Nye -RSB- -LSB- are -RSB- , that I think the issue now is -LSB- ... -RSB- political will . ' Shown is a graph of the different types of propulsion for a mission to Mars , how much they would weigh and their travel time . CECE is a type of chemical propulsion , Nerva is nuclear propulsion , RIT-XT is ion -LRB- electric -RRB- propulsion and PEMT is Pure Electro-Magnetic Thrust . Owing to the orbits of Earth and Mars there are specific windows of opportunity when a mission can take place . Our planets come as close to each other as 33.9 million miles -LRB- 54.6 million km -RRB- , but can be as distant as 250 million miles -LRB- 400 million km -RRB- . For this reason spacecraft to Mars , such as the Curiosity rover , have to launch in certain windows when the planets are aligned . The next window is open from January 2016 to April 2016 , and will see the launch of two more missions to the red planet . For a future manned mission , they will need to launch out in one of the windows and return in one , which will take two years in total . Just getting there will take up to nine months . The astronauts will be there waiting for a year until they can come back - a total of around three years .