Walter Scott was jailed in 1987 on a charge of assault and battery , it has been revealed . A report released by the Charleston County Sheriff 's Department on Friday says deputies responded to a call about a fight between Scott and another man . When deputies told the two to break it up , the report states , Scott began shouting obscenities at the other man as well as a deputy before shoving the officer . Scott suffered a cut and was treated at a local hospital before being transported to the jail . The disposition of the case was not immediately known . Previous : Walter Scott was jailed in 1987 after shouting obscenities at a man and pushing a deputy . The news comes as another excessive force complaint , as well as a lawsuit , is filed against Michael Slager stemming from his time on the North Charleston Police Department . Slager is the white officer fired this week after being charged with murder in the shooting death of a black man that was captured in a dramatic video . Two years ago , a man said Slager used his stun gun against him without reason . On Friday , a Charleston County man came forward alleging that Slager did the same thing to him during a traffic stop last year . Justin Wilson 's suit says that when he was pulled over by police Aug. 24 , he produced a valid Georgia driver 's license but was placed under arrest for having a suspended South Carolina license . The suit alleges that Wilson was pulled from his vehicle , forced to the ground and then , although he was cooperating with authorities , Slager shot him with his Taser . Wilson 's lawyer said he would release a statement next week . The historic details are unraveling amid an ongoing investigation into Scott 's fatal shooting on Saturday . No warrant had been issued for Walter Scott 's arrest when he ran from Officer Michael Slager moments before he was shot dead . Court records show he was $ 7,500 behind on child support when he was pulled over on Saturday and had already been jailed three times for missing payments . His family believe the fear of being thrown back in prison was the reason he tried to flee during the deadly traffic stop . But there was nothing directing officers to bring him in to face a family court judge , despite the fact his last payment was only in 2012 . Escape : Dashcam footage released on Thursday shows Walter Scott running away from his car minutes before he is shot dead by Officer Michael Sager . His family believed he fled over fears he would be arrested for being behind on child support payments . History : Scott had already been jailed three times over missed payments , but court records have revealed there was no warrant out for his arrest when he was pulled over . Minutes later he was shot dead . In 2008 , after a traffic stop in which he was charged with an open-container violation and driving under suspension , he was sent to jail in Charleston for six months for failing to pay about $ 6,800 . In 2011 , bench warrants ordered deputies to bring him in , and Scott spent a night in jail when he was $ 7,500 behind . In 2012 , he spent another night in jail when he owed $ 3,500 . On Thursday a police dashboard camera video released Thursday shows Scott bolting from his Mercedes after he pulled over . The camera on Slager 's patrol car captures him telling Scott his third brake light is broken , before asking him to produce insurance papers . Scott , who appears to be accompanied by a person in the passenger seat , explains he does not have any documents as he has yet to officially buy the car . ` I have n't bought it yet , I 'm about to do that Monday ... . My car is down , ' he says . The officer appears calm , checks his licence , then tells him : ` I 'll be right back with you . ' When Slager returns to his vehicle , Scott flees , running towards the park where he would die moments later . Off camera , a scuffle can be heard , with shouts of ` Taser , Taser , Taser ! ' and ` Get on the ground ! ' Slager 's account has been called into question after a shocking video taken by a witness shows the officer shooting Scott in the back . In the dash cam footage , captured from Slager 's patrol car , the officer explains , ` The reason I 've pulled you over is because your third brakelight is out . ' The conversation is muffled , with music playing in Slager 's car obscuring the sound . Horrifying : Scott was gunned down as he ran away from Sager , who has since been charged with his murder . Killing : Walter Scott , left , was killed by Michael Slager , right . Scott was in the Coast Guard for two years , and is pictured left in uniform . Slager is being held in jail on murder charges , and is pictured right in his prison mugshot . He can be heard asking Scott for his licence , registration and insurance card . Scott responds that he does n't have papers as he has not yet to bought the car . ` Alright let me see your licence , ' Slager replies . ` So you do n't have any papers in the glove pocket ? ' Scott repeats that he does not and he is paying for the car on Monday . Slager returns to his car . A minute later , Scott opens the door , and gestures to Slager , who shouts , ` you 've got to stay in the car ! ' Scott then sits back inside the car - and moments later flees . The only other footage of the incident shows the moment Scott was shot . Released earlier this week , it begins in the vacant lot apparently moments after Slager fires his Taser . Wires which administer the electrical current appear to be extending from Scott 's body . As Scott turns to run , Slager draws his pistol and , only when he is 15 to 20 feet away , starts to fire the first of the eight shots at his back . The video shows Slager handcuffing Scott 's lifeless body .