A bloody and wounded shop owner has been pictured just moments before he died from his injuries on another day of xenophobic attacks in South Africa . The man who is believed to be from Mozambique was taken to a hospital in Johannesburg where he tragically passed away . At least six people have been killed and many thousands displaced from their homes since the violence against immigrants erupted in the city of Durban several weeks ago . Despite making 30 arrests overnight , police are struggling to subdue the machete-wielding gangs who ransacked immigrant-owned shops in the slums of Johannesburg . Many families in the city who now fear for their lives have abandoned their homes and fled to a makeshift refugee camp which lies just east of Johannesburg . South Africa 's President Jacob Zuma has called for an end to the ` shocking and unacceptable ' attacks on immigrants from Africa and South Asia , saying : ` No amount of frustration and anger can ever justify the attacks on foreign nationals . ' Scroll down for video . Victim : A shop owner believed to be from Mozambique -LRB- pictured -RRB- has died from his injuries amid the xenophobic violence that has gripped South Africa . Wounded : Bloodied and hurt , the man was taken to a hospital in Johannesburg where he eventually died . Help : A passer-by comes to the aid of the shop owner who was fatally attacked in poor area of Johannesburg and later died in hospital . Dying : He is one of at least six who have been killed in the country this week as armed gangs target foreigners in a spate of xenophobic attacks . Looted : A woman sifts through the remains of the ransacked store she was renting to foreign nationals who are now being targeted by violent groups in Johannesburg . Attacks : At least six people have been killed and many thousands displaced from their homes since the violence against immigrants erupted in the city of Durban several weeks ago . Violent : Gangs of anti-immigrant protesters armed with hammers , knives and machetes have been reeking havoc in South Africa . Scorched : 12 people were arrested overnight as anti-foreigner attacks in South Africa spread to parts of Johannesburg where rioters torched tires -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Dangerous : Despite making 30 arrests overnight , police have struggled to control the gangs who have torched cars and shops owned by foreign nationals . Refugee : This child who awaits much-needed hospital treatment is one of dozens whose family has been forced to abandon their homes in Johannesburg for a makeshift camp in the city . Protection : Foreign nationals who fear for their lives have gathered at a relief camp -LRB- pictured -RRB- set up in Primrose , East of Johannesburg . Innocence lost : One of the many refugees now seeking shelter in Johannesburg is two-year-old toddler Knowledge -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Pain : One man needed emergency treatment for his injuries at the refugee camp set up for foreign nationals fleeing attacks from South Africans . Victims : South African President Jacob Zuma has said the majority foreign nationals -LRB- pictured -RRB- being targeted by angry , armed mobs are living in the country legally and contribute to its economy . Anger : Zuma has called for an end to the ` shocking and unacceptable ' attacks on immigrants from Africa , some of whom now occupy a refugee camp east of Johannesburg -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Homeless : Some South Africans blame immigrants coming to the country -LRB- pictured -RRB- of taking jobs and opportunities away from them . Justification : But South African President Zuma has said ` no amount of frustration and anger can ever justify the attacks on foreign nationals ' There was a heavy police presence in the Alexandra township as armed rioters looted shops , burned tires and built street barricades overnight . And armed policeman fired rubber bullets at the groups who have torched shops and cars in the poor areas of Johannesburg in recent days . Police claim that attacks on immigrants - many of whom are from other African countries - have largely subsided in the country 's east where the violence began . With unemployment and poverty levels high in the country , some South Africans have accused the immigrants of taking jobs and opportunities away from them . A police spokesman said the 30 people arrested in Johannesburg overnight will be charged for ` public violence , malicious damage to property , house breaking and theft ' . Thousands of foreigners in the country have fled their homes and the country amid the violence , escaping to makeshift camps as well as neighbouring countries like Zimbabwe , Malawi and Mozambique . The surge of violence against immigrants is widely blamed on a speech made by King Goodwill Zwelithini , a traditional Zulu leader who blamed the foreigners living South Africa for its high crime rate and said they must ` take their bags and go ' . He has been accused of ` igniting ' the Zulus who comprise one of South Africa 's largest ethnic groups by saying ` we must deal with our own lice ' in a speech broadcast by a local radio station . The King has since said his words were misinterpreted but for some , Zwelithini simply articulated what many were feeling . Protest : South African demonstrators have taken to the streets in Johannesburg in a bid to raise awareness of the xenophobic attacks taking place in its township . Furious : And in neighbouring Mozambique , hundreds have been protesting the violence being inflicted on their countrymen in South Africa . Safety : As people in Maputo , Mozambique -LRB- pictured -RRB- protest against the violence in South Africa , its government has offered to evacuate its citizens from the country . Rise up : Mozambique nationals -LRB- pictured -RRB- are furious at the violence against their citizens in Johannesburg were four people were killed in a week where shops owned by foreigners were looted back in January . Blame : Protesters in Mozambique -LRB- pictured -RRB- hold up signs blaming South African President Jacob Zuma for the violence befalling immigrants in the country . Demonstrators : Some South Africans -LRB- pictured -RRB- have tried to raise awareness for the xenophobic violence but some blame the immigrants for taking jobs in a time of severe unemployment . Armed : At least six people have died since South Africans wielding machetes and other weapons -LRB- pictured -RRB- began attacking and looting properties owned by fellow Africans . Brutal : The surge of violence against immigrants is widely blamed on a speech made by a traditional Zulu leader who blamed foreigners for a rise in hate crime . Response : Police in Johannesburg -LRB- pictured -RRB- have been firing rubber bullets to subdue the violent gangs in the city . Battle : A South African police officer trains his sights on Zulu protesters who were demonstrated in front of their hostel in the Jeppestown district of Johannesburg -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Retaliation : But police also claim that attacks on immigrants - many of whom are from other African countries - have largely subsided . The violence has also been blamed on high unemployment and while recent figures put it at 25 per cent , economists believe it is much higher and crippling the country with widespread poverty and a glaring class divide . Meanwhile foreign nationals have condemned South Africa 's police for failing to protect them and even stirring hostility . The government says it is addressing complaints about undocumented migrants but many foreign nationals are living legally in South Africa and contributing to economic development . But the situation has become so severe that the government of Malawi has hired buses to repatriate 500 of its nationals , according to the country 's Information Minister . Kenya has also offered to evacuate any of their citizens who feel threatened and on just today , Mozambique has temporarily blocked a road leading to South Africa . 60 people died during similar unrest in the country in 2008 and in January this year , four people were killed in a week where shops owned by foreigners were looted in Soweto , Johannesburg . Furious : A terrifying woman covered in black soot -LRB- pictured -RRB- began screaming at a group of foreign nationals in Johannesburg . Savage : Rioters have armed themselves with sticks , knives and baseball bats as they attack immigrants in Johannesburg -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Rioters : The violence in South Africa has also been blamed on high unemployment and a glaring class divide . Vicious : With a total population of about 50 million , South Africa is home to an estimated 5 million immigrants who are now being targeted by brutal gangs -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Zimbabwe 's Information Minster Jonathan Moyo tweeted that ` xenophobia today can easily mutate into genocide tomorrow ' adding that the Zulu king should ` extinguish what he ignited ' . While in Somalia 's capital of Mogadishu , some locals believed their countrymen would have been safer in their troubled native country than in South Africa . One resident of the city said : ` This must become a lesson for them to return home ... Otherwise , they will be eliminated one by one . '' It is also a major destination for asylum seekers and currently houses more than 300,000 of them according to projections by the office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees . With a total population of about 50 million , South Africa is home to an estimated 5 million immigrants from countries including Somalia , Ethiopia , Zimbabwe and Malawi .