England World Cup winner Jason Robinson has revealed he once contemplated suicide during a troubled period of his career in which he was arrested for violent offences . Speaking in the documentary Jason Robinson : Sports Life Stories , which will be broadcast on ITV4 at 10 pm on Tuesday , the 40-year-old former dual-code international admitted he had been a heavy drinker during his early days at rugby league club Wigan , which almost led to his downfall . Robinson , who scored for England in the 2003 World Cup final victory against Australia , said : ` I got into a situation where I was drinking sometimes six nights a week . Former England ace Jason Robinson , pictured in 2007 , has revealed he contemplated committed suicide . Robinson played a key role in England 's 2003 World Cup win against Australia in Sydney . ` Monday it was Wakefield , 10 pence a pint night . Tuesday I would be over to Liverpool , Wednesday it would be Oldham . Thursday it would be Wigan . And after the game we would go out wherever . ' However , it was his arrest for affray , assault and criminal damage which left him considering an attempt on his own life and he credits then team-mate and Samoa star Va'aiga Tuigamala with turning things around . ` I can remember I just sat in my bedroom with an old knife , an old meat cleaver , ' he recalled . ` I did n't want life to go on in this way . That night when I contemplated doing it , I wept like a baby . ` Had it not been for him -LRB- Tuigamala -RRB- , coming into the environment I was in and putting a different slant on it , I certainly would n't have the hope that I 've got now . And hope is something that people ca n't take away . ' Former team-mate Va'aiga Tuigamala -LRB- right -RRB- convinced Robinson out of committing suicide . Robinson , pictured with Ben Cohen , has said ` nothing will compare to winning the World Cup in Australia ' Robinson , who enjoyed immense success before switching codes in 2000 , also looks back on England 's World Cup win as the pinnacle of his 20-year playing career . ` When you look at the emotion on those players ' faces , it was the reality and the relief that we have just won a World Cup , ' he said . ` And I will never forget that . Jumping on Will Greenwood 's back . Hugging Lawrence Dallaglio . All the hard work . Everything we 've done has been for this moment . ` Nothing will ever compare to winning the World Cup , and especially in the backyard of Australia . '