A Kentucky woman was forced to give birth on Interstate 65 on Thursday while stuck in traffic waiting for the Presidential motorcade to pass . Fortunately there was a nurse also stuck in the gridlock , sitting in her car nearby , who was able to run over and help deliver the little boy , Arley , safely . It was bumper-to-bumper all up the I-65 in Louisville for President Obama 's visit to the city to tour a technology plant and give a speech about the economy , worsened because Obama had been caught up in Washington D.C. Jessica Brown was on her way to hospital with her husband , Zakk Satterley , when the couple realized , in standstill traffic , they were n't going to make it . Their baby was coming . Dramatic arrival into the world : Baby Arley was born on the I-65 in Louisville , Kentucky , on Tuesday , after his parents became stuck in traffic en route to hospital due to the Presidential motorcade . Motorcade : Obama gets a green-light corridor when his motorcade travels , and the motorcade is usually comprised of about 20 cars . He was visiting Louisville to tour a technology plant . Emergency : Tonia Vetter -LRB- right -RRB- , a high-risk nurse and mother of five , was sitting in the traffic a few cars back when she realized something was happening up ahead -LRB- left -RRB- and went to check it out . Safe and sound : Baby Arley and his mom , Jessica Brown , are now both in hospital after the dramatic delivery . Tonia Vetter , a high-risk nursery nurse , was sitting in her car listening to music , when she realized something was happening up ahead . ` You could tell something was wrong , ' she told WDRB News . ` I was n't quite sure what is was . ' Vetter , a mother of five , approached the car Jessica Brown was in , and her husband said she was in labor . They had called an ambulance , but it could n't get through . Vetter introduced herself as a nurse and attended to Brown . ` It actually happened very , very quickly , ' she said . ` I think she pushed one time and the head delivered , and then she pushed again and the baby was born . ' Lucky : Fortunately for little Arley , there was a nurse nearby to help bring him into the world . Happy parents : Jessica Brown was on her way to hospital with her husband , Zakk Satterley , when the couple realized , in standstill traffic waiting for Obama to pass , they were n't going to make it . Baby Arlie arrived weighing 8 pounds , 9 ounces . Other drivers at the scene also helped , with one handing over a shoestring to cut the umbilical , and the other a blanket to keep the baby warm . ` I 've attended a lot of deliveries , but I 've never delivered a baby on my own , and I 've certainly never delivered one in the middle of an interstate , ' Vetter told WDRB . ` God was definitely watching over me , the baby , the mom , because she could have hemorrhaged . ' The Facebook post also says the baby 's name is Arley Keith Satterly , son of Jessica Brown and Zakk Satterley . Both mother and the baby boy are doing well . Resting up : An ambulance finally got through the traffic and was able to take Arley and his mom to hospital . Vetter continued : ` The baby could of had a cord or a shoulder or any number of complications could of happened . ' The new parents happily shared photos of their Facebook so all those who witnessed the dramatic birth could stay abreast of what was happening . The little boy 's full name is Arley Keith Satterly . Both mom and baby are doing well .