Leeds striker Steve Morison admits he has never experienced anything like the current circus surrounding the SkyBet Championship side . Six players - Mirco Antenucci , Giuseppe Bellusci , Dario Del Fabro , Marco Silvestri , Souleymane Doukara and Edgar Cani - withdrew from the squad on the eve of Saturday 's trip to Charlton citing injuries , and this is just the latest incident in another turbulent period at Elland Road . A ` freakish set of events ' was how beleaguered boss Neil Redfearn described the sextet 's absence after the game but Morison , who scored Leeds ' goal in the 2-1 defeat at The Valley , told BBC West Yorkshire Sport : ` We 're around it every day . Leeds United striker Steve Morison -LRB- centre -RRB- admits he is surprised by the chaos at Elland Road at the moment . Giuseppe Bellusci and three other Italians were among those who withdrew form the Leeds squad . Souleymane Doukara was another player that withdrew as part of the latest drama at Elland Road . ` People draw their own conclusions over what happened -LRB- with the withdrawals -RRB- . It 's a tough situation and you have to take everything at face value , but it 's been like it all season in one way or another . ' When asked if there was a split in the camp , the 31-year-old added : ` It 's just been one of those seasons where every day something different has happened . ` I 've never known anything like it in football and I 've played for teams scrapping for their lives - Millwall last year - and teams that have been promoted . I 've played in the Premier League with a bunch of Championship players that should never have stayed up and the one thing we had ultimately was a team and team spirit . ` Sometimes you can get away with being very , very average - I would class myself as an average footballer - but I 've had a team around me and it works . ' Former Leeds captain Trevor Cherry , meanwhile , branded the players who withdrew at short notice from Saturday 's match a ` disgrace ' and called for them to be sacked by the club . Italian quartet Antenucci , Bellusci , Del Fabro and Silvestri , Frenchman Doukara and Albanian Cani all told Redfearn they were injured and could not travel to London . According to the manager , Silvestri had been rested since sustaining a knock but had been expected to recover , while Antenucci and Cani declared themselves unfit after training on Thursday with the rest pulling out following a ` light ' session on Friday . But Cherry was unimpressed and wants the players out of Elland Road . ` I would sack them and take the PFA -LRB- Professional Footballers ' Association -RRB- on , ' he said on BBC Radio Five Live 's Sportsweek . ` I do n't think players can do that , it 's scandalous and it 's just another story for Leeds United that is disgraceful . ' Striker Antenucci used Twitter to defend himself , as did goalkeeper Silvestri who posted a picture of a cut on his back suffered against Norwich on Tuesday night . However , Cherry questioned if they were legitimate reasons to withdraw . ` In the old days you used to play with anything , cuts or one thing or another , ' he said . ` The managers had a big say in whether you were fit or not . You did n't just come in and say ` I 've got a headache , I 'm going home ' . I 'm sure with George Graham or Don Revie , I ca n't imagine what would have happened if you 'd have done that . ' The withdrawals continued the chaos that has plagued Leeds . Mirco Antenucci was also among the six players to withdraw from the squad ahead of the defeat by Charlton . Neil Redfearn had a depleted squad to pick from when six players withdrew ahead of the Charlton game . Redfearn 's position has become increasingly threatened over recent weeks , despite leading the club to Championship safety after taking over from ill-fated predecessors David Hockaday and Darko Milanic . He saw assistant Steve Thompson lose his job without warning on April 2 and his own deal , which expires at the end of the season , looks increasingly unlikely to be renewed under the club 's current regime . Club president Massimo Cellino has been banned since January after being found guilty of not paying tax on a yacht in Italy , but is due to return in a fortnight 's time . Cherry , who played for Leeds between 1972 and 1982 , was left to lament the situation at his old club . ` It 's a club that 's a shambles and has been a shambles for 10 years , ' the ex-England defender said . ` We just stutter from disaster to disaster , joke to joke . If it was n't sickening it would be funny . You could n't write a book about Leeds United and what 's happened . ` Personally , I do n't know the Italian guy but I do n't think he realises the size of the club , it 's just a little play thing and he 's making a mess of it in my opinion . '