The London Book Fair Author HQ event , with Kindle Direct Publishing , is a three-day programme packed with informative seminars for budding authors . A range of experts will share their knowledge of the publishing industry and offer invaluable advice and insights to provide new writers with information about the best ways to get their work published . Among others , there will be representatives on hand from Little , Brown , HarperCollins , Headline , Quercus , The Creative Penn , The Alliance of Independent Authors and The Society of Authors , and from agents David Higham Associates , The Agency Group and A. M. Heath . Experienced authors will be on hand to reveal how they launched their careers . Experienced and successful authors will reveal how they launched their publishing careers -- and , with a keen eye on the digital future of publishing , some bestselling Kindle Direct Publishing authors will talk about their experiences in the vast and flourishing e-book market . Listen to New York Times bestselling author C. J. Lyons share everything she knows about selling a million books , and to Eurovision Song Contest 2014 winner Conchita Wurst -LRB- left -RRB- , who will discuss her autobiography , Being Conchita , which comes out in May . LBF 's Genre Spotlights will focus on two genres -- crime/thrillers and contemporary fiction -- and reveal exactly what it is that publishers and agents are looking for , and how they go about finding new talent with contributions from editors who have opened their doors to writers without agents in order to tap into new and undiscovered writing . The Know Your Rights seminar , chaired by an expert from The Society Of Authors , will give invaluable advice on navigating the legal issues of an evolving industry -- from intellectual property rights to contract negotiation . There 's also a talk on crowdfunding , which will show you how to get started in this new and exciting route to print : how to pitch , grow and connect with your community and manage your campaign -- and what to do when your campaign reaches its end . For readers , writers and film fans keen to celebrate the world of books outside the Fair , the London Book and Screen Week is running simultaneously from April 13 to 19 -- a celebration of all things literary and film . The week will see hundreds of exclusive events across the capital , from talks and seminars to screenings and masterclasses , featuring an array of top authors and on-screen talent . There is something for every enthusiast and for all ages -- events include children 's writing workshops , a film screening of John Banville 's The Sea , a Harry Potter convention , a New Writers Evening at Foyles , Deborah Moggach and Louisa Young in conversation , illustration and ghost-writing workshops , comic book draw-alongs and a film-focused Literary Death Match . To find out more , visit londonbookand screenweek.co.uk . The London Book Fair -LRB- from April 14 to 16 -RRB- has moved to its new venue for 2015 -- Olympia , West London . All Author HQ events are free with the purchase of a three-day LBF pass , which costs £ 35 if booked in advance . Seminars are on a first-come , first-served basis . For further information on the seminar line-up , visit londonbookfair.co.uk / authors .