Police are believed to have identified one of the men behind the jewel heist in Hatton Garden , as it was revealed the gang could have been inspired by similar robberies in Los Angeles in the 1980s . Officers from Scotland Yard 's Flying Squad released images of three suspects on Saturday , but refused to release a picture of the supposed ringleader , likely because he has already been identified . Meanwhile criminologist Richard Hoskins said he has identified ` startling similarities ' between the Hatton Garden raid and novel Black Echo , by Michael Connelly . Scroll down for video . Police are believed to have identified one of the Hatton Garden raiders after releasing CCTV images of the gang as they raided the bank vault over the Easter bank holiday . Officers released images of three of the men , but refused to release an images of the supposed ringleader , which is believed to be because he has already been identified . The novel was based on real-life bank robbers dubbed ` The Hole In The Ground Gang ' who struck three vaults in LA in 1986 and 1987 , and were never caught . In the 1986 robbery , the gang tunneled into a bank vault over a long weekend , triggering alarms on the Friday that were not investigated , before raiding safety deposit boxes stored inside the vaults . It was not until the week following the raids that police were called and discovered the robbers had dug into the vault using heavy machinery , in very similar circumstances to the Hatton Garden raid . Criminologist Richard Hoskins noticed ` striking similarities ' between the Hatton Garden raid and crime novel Black Echo , which itself is based on two jewel heists in LA in the 1980s . Mr Hoskins , who also wrote murder novel The Boy in the River , told MailOnline : ` There is obviously a lot we do n't know about the Hatton Garden heist , but on the surface they look very similar . ` I think that when the raiders were planning their heist they must have read this book , or researched the robberies in LA . ` While the robbery is obviously terrible for the victims , I think everyone can agree that this was a very smart operation , and Black Echo sets out a very smart way to rob a vault . ` The timeline fits almost exactly , right down to the alarm being set off on a Friday and the break in being discovered on a Tuesday . ' The Hole In The Ground Gang first struck in 1986 , when they tunneled underneath a First Interstate Bank located along famous Sunset Boulevard near Hollywood , in LA . The gang , believed to number around four or five , made a hole in the wall of a storm drain underneath LA 's streets , before tunneling 100ft through the dirt , emerging underneath the bank vault . They then used concrete drills and saws to cut a 20ft-by-25ft hole in the floor of the vault , before clambering through and ransacking the safety deposit boxes . In total they got away with $ 270,000 in cash , along with the contents of 36 deposit boxes , worth up to $ 2.5 million . One box contained a sketch of a young girl by Henri Matisse . The crew had stashed quadbikes underground for a quick escape , but the raid was in fact not discovered until the start of the following week when staff arrived to find the vault ransacked . Police then discovered the tunnel , littered with ` an enormous number ' of polystyrene coffee cups , and surmised that the raiders were probably sewer or construction workers who had decided to turn their skills to a sinister new use . Nobody was ever traced for the crime , and in 1987 the same group struck again , this time at a Bank of America in another LA neighbourhood . In both Hatton Garden and the LA raids , the gangs bored into vaults using heavy drills -LRB- pictured -RRB- , broke in over a long weekend , set off an alarm on the Friday that was n't checked out , and raided safety deposit boxes . The LA raiders became known as the Hole In The Ground Gang , and Mr Hoskins believes the group who raided Hatton Garden -LRB- picutred -RRB- must have known about them , or read the book inspired by them . Again , the group had used heavy tools to cut their way into a bank vault over the course of a weekend , and again they had set off an alarm on their way in . However , on this occasion police did respond , and they were forced to flee with just $ 89,000 and without cracking a single safety deposit box . It was only afterwards the officers discovered another tunnel underneath Union Federal Savings and Loan in Beverly Hills , suggesting the gang were attempting to hit two vaults at once . Mr Connelly told The Times : ` The Black Echo was a fictionalised account of a bank heist that occurred in LA in September 1987 . It was never solved . ' In the Hatton Garden raid , the Met Police have said the raiders broke into the building on the second floor , disabling the lift before lowering themselves down the shaft and breaking into the basement . The men then climbed back up to the ground floor to let other gang members in through a side entrance , before all making their way to the vaults where they drilled their way inside . The raiders then broke into 72 safety deposit boxes , before making their getaway in a white Ford Transit van parked outside . The diamond-tipped drills were taken from a building site in Fetter Lane , an eight minute walk from Hatton Garden , and nobody was ever arrested . Police are probing the thefts of several drills in the months before the raid , including two Hilti drills that were taken near Hatton Garden . DCI Paul Johnson -LRB- pictured -RRB- has previously said Hilti drills were used in the raid . City of London Police also confirmed today that they have passed information to Scotland Yard about the theft of two Hilti drills , the same devices used in the Hatton Garden raid , in December last year . In another development , The Sun has revealed that £ 80,000 worth of diamond tipped drills were stolen from another site in South London in November , using a van similar to that at Hatton Garden . Andrew Royce , of Elmcrest Diamond Drilling , revealed that the equipment could easily be used to cut into a vault , as his firm is often tasked with converting former banks into hotels and housing . CCTV from the scene reveals that a white Transit Van parked outside his business for two minutes in November last year before two hooded men are seen walking past .