Hadas from Eritrea , Africa , talks about her experience of being circumcised -LRB- picture posed by model -RRB- . A woman who still suffers from the painful consequences of Female Genital Mutilation -LRB- FGM -RRB- says she does n't blame her mother for taking her to have the procedure when she was just a baby . Hadas -LRB- not her real name to protect her identity -RRB- , who now lives in the UK , had ` the cut ' in Eritrea , where circumcision for girls is widely practiced , when she was just a few months old . She said : ` In my culture , it is believed that when the vagina is cut , the desire to have sex is cut as well and that sex is only something a woman does with her husband to have children . ' ` Most people in Eritrea think that if a girl is cut , she will grow up to be a good girl ; that she will not bring shame on her family and she will marry well . ` If a girl is not cut , they think she will grow up to be a `` slut '' - a girl who thinks about sex and will not be satisfied by one man . ` People believe that a girl who is not cut will bring shame on her family with her behaviour , that no one will marry her and she will be abandoned . ` Most people feel this way in my country and it is only those who are educated that disagree with the practice of cutting . ' Hadas ' story reveals how entrenched the culture of FGM is Eritrea , which borders Sudan and Ethiopia , where the barbaric practice - the partial or total removal of external female genitalia for non-medical reasons - is even said to prevent women growing up to be clumsy . Girls are mutilated by someone with no medical training , often using instruments such as a knife , pair of scissors , scalpel or razor blade . Anaesthetic is n't used and the victims are often forcibly restrained . Hadas was too young to remember her ordeal and only found out the truth by hearing her parents arguing - as her father had not wanted her to be subjected to it . She said : ` My father was an educated and modern man who disagreed with the belief and culture of cutting . My mother was from a traditional family and from a different community of people to my father . ` My mother had taken me to be cut while my father was away on business , as she knew he would not have allowed it . I was cut and sewn up when I was just a few months old , and when my father found out he was furious . ' ` The first time I heard about cutting was from overhearing my parents fight about it , which they did throughout my childhood . ` I am not angry with my mother for taking me to get cut ; my mother is a traditional person and has n't been educated about it . She thought she was doing the best for me . ' Scroll down for video . Women selling their goods on the colourful Monday market of Keren , Eritrea , Africa . Growing up , Hadas ' mother told her ` horror stories ' about women who had never married because they had n't been cut . Other negative stereotypes were also attached to women who had not had the procedure . Hadas said : ` In my culture there is a belief that if a girl is clumsy , she had not been cut . People from my country , even believe this here in the UK . ` I was at church recently and I dropped a glass of water . While I was cleaning the mess up , an older woman said to me `` you did n't have the cut '' . ` She did not say this with anger or as a joke ; she said it as a matter of fact , because she does n't know differently . ' Now in her early 20s , Hadas only recently came to realise that FGM is not the norm for all women and has found support as she deals with its consequences from children 's charity the NSPCC . She said : ` I grew up not knowing that I was different , or that being cut was not normal for every other girl in the world . Hadas first came into contact with the NSPCC in the UK following a horrific ordeal where she was brought to the UK by sex traffickers . She revealed : ` I was separated from my family after problems started in my country and I was trafficked to the UK by men who raped me . It was incredibly painful for me , so painful that I could n't think . I have grown up believing that this level of pain during sex is normal , but I now know differently . ' ` I did n't talk to anyone before I met the NSPCC as it 's not something that you speak about . Before I saw the nurse I did n't notice any difference in my body as I 'm the same as other girls from my home town . ` I believe cutting is something that should be stopped . It is a disgusting practice that many people only do because they believe that the stories around it are true and they are uneducated . ` I do not think that people really understand the problems which female genital mutilation can cause for girls . ' Hassan Hafez , a barber from Egypt , mimics the way he used to perform female genital mutilation . Thanks to being a victim of FGM , Hadas worries about her future and whether she will be able to have children . She said : ` I look ahead and see problems with any relationships that I choose to have because I 'm afraid that sex will hurt . My periods are painful too and I 've been told it will be very painful to give birth . ' The NSPCC believe 23,000 girls under 15 could be at risk of FGM in England and Wales even though it became a criminal offence in the UK in 1985 . In 2003 it also became a criminal offence for UK nationals or permanent UK residents to take their child abroad to have female genital mutilation . Anyone found guilty of the offence faces a maximum penalty of 14 years in prison . Despite this , many young girls are taking abroad during ` cutting season ' aka the school holidays where they are mutilated without pain relief while being forcibly restrained . The charity is working to stop FGM - which they believe is a form of child abuse - and ask professionals who worry a child is at risk to contact them on the number below . Cupcakes designed to look like vaginas were baked for the International Day of Zero Tolerance to FGM in Exeter in February , 2014 . Those who have suffered as a result of FGM can also call the number for help and support . NSPCC Head of Child Protection Operations John Cameron said : ` We know from contacts to our FGM helpline that there is a major problem in some UK communities where children are subjected to this appalling abuse . ` Many thousands of children are at risk of being taken abroad to be cut and families are starting to get smart about this - they are getting the message that agencies are focusing on children who are a bit older so people are now beginning to subject children to FGM at a much younger age . ` We would urge anyone who has a concern or needs advice to contact the NSPCC 's FGM helpline on 0800 028 3550 or email fgmhelp@nspcc.org.uk - it does n't matter if you 're uncertain , we 're here to talk things through and you may in turn stop a child from being subjected to this barbaric practice . ' Since launching in June 2013 , the NSPCC FGM helpline has been contacted 662 times regarding concerns about FGM . Of the calls , 259 of the cases have been so serious that they have been referred to children 's services and the police . If you are worried about a child or would like support or advice please contact the NSPCC FGM helpline on 0800 028 3550 or fgmhelp@nspcc.org.uk -- you can remain anonymous if you wish .