A coroner has has called for a change in the law to fence off garden swimming pools following the death of an ` adventurous ' boy who drowned on his third birthday . Jack Rowe was found face down in his family 's swimming pool in Upavon , Wiltshire , last July around 20 minutes after being reported missing to police . The toddler had been trying to reach a toy when he fell into the water , an inquest into his death heard . Three-year-old Jack Crowe died just days after celebrating his birthday with family -LRB- right -RRB- when he fell into their garden swimming pool . A coroner ruled the death as accidental after hearing how he ` never went near ' the pool , according to relatives . Dr Clare Balysz , assistant coroner for Wiltshire and Swindon , said she was in ` little doubt ' of what had happened , calling for a change in the law to make fencing off swimming pools mandatory . The inquest heard how Jack was being looked after by his older brother Harry , 20 , on his birthday while his parents , Nigel and Olivia Rowe , were out . When Harry returned from the bathroom to find Jack no longer in front of the television where he had been watching a Peppa Pig DVD , he alerted his father and stepmother who later called the police . As neighbours began combing the village in search of the toddler one family friend glanced at the pool in the family 's garden . There , she saw Jack 's lifeless body at the bottom . He was airlifted to Southampton General Hospital but later died . Olivia and Nigel Rowe are now raising awareness and money for survival swimming classes for children . The family launched a wide manhunt around their home village of Upavon , Wiltshire , after Jack went missing from watching television . He was found in the garden of their home -LRB- above -RRB- 20 minutes later . Recording an accidental death , Dr Balysz said : ` There is very little doubt in my mind as to what happened . ` I think he was an adventurous little boy and when his DVD of Peppa Pig finished he decided to take himself off outside . A charity has been set up in Jack 's memory by his parents . ` I think he fell into the swimming pool and he may have been reaching for his toy . ` Children do run off the whole time and I think it 's very unfortunate and a tragic accident what happened to Jack . ` There was no fence surrounding the swimming pool . ' She cited Australian laws which enforce child resistant barriers , adding that she planned to write to the Edward Thompson MP , Parliamentary Under Secretary of State for Children and Families , to implement it . ` I know it 's too late and it wo n't bring Jack back but if something can be changed as a result of this at least something positive can come out of it . ' Jack 's parents are meanwhile campaigning to raise awareness for survival swimming lessons for children . Speaking of his son , chartered surveyor Nigel Rowe said : ` Jack has gone and we loved him - and we still love him now . ` But we still see ourselves as very lucky to have had him and because he was just so wonderful for three years . We are lucky enough to still have Ella , Harry and Laurence . ` We have difficult moments but we can look at ourselves being lucky and being unlucky but our lives go on and Jack was the unlucky one , not us . ` He was so safe with the pool and it created a degree of complacency and that is something we will always have to live with but that is hopefully all going to change . ' Recalling the moment she saw the toddler at the bottom of the swimming pool , Caroline Dale said : ` I walked around the pool and I was looking hard at the bottom and I could suddenly see the shape of a small child . ` I looked in from the edge of the pool and I could see Jack was face down with his arms straight by his side . ` The colour of his clothing blended into those of the pool . ' Just three days earlier the family held a part for the toddler during which they said he never went near the water 's edge . Mr and Mrs Rowe said while they were lucky to have had Jack for three years . Above , the toddler with his parents and siblings , Ella , Harry and Laurence , in a family photograph . Jack 's mother said she did not notice his body was in the water the first time she looked because she thought he would have floated to the top . ` I assumed that if he drowned he would have floated so I did n't see anything in the pool and we went straight out to search the river instead . ` The little broom was floating and it had never been there before the party - it had remained in the pool since the party days earlier . ' Paying tribute to her late son , she added : ` He was very outgoing , very confident , not mischievous but active . He was so easy and so kind . ` He did n't like swimming . He loved his baths but the pool was too cold . ' A post-mortem examination revealed Jack died from a cardiac arrest brought on by drowning in the pool . Detective Sergeant Jason Roberts from Wiltshire Police investigated the death and was ` completely satisfied ' no one else was involved , describing it as ` nothing more than a tragic accident ' .