The world 's largest sperm bank is relocating next to one of the country 's largest universities in order to tap into ` the abundant donor opportunities ' . Cryos International , an online sperm bank , is moving its offices from New York to the Central Florida Research Park in Orlando , right next to the University of Central Florida . While the company says the decision is in part due to the better facilities on offer , it is also due to the ` intense competition for donors ' in New York . Cryos International , the ` world 's largest sperm bank ' , is relocating from its offices in New York to this research park in Florida -LRB- pictured -RRB- , which is yards away from one of the country 's biggest universities . Cryos supplies sperm online to all 50 U.S. states and 80 countries across the world . Donors are allowed to remain anonymous , and a company spokesman said they can earn up to $ 750 per month . By comparison , the new site in Orlando is located just yards from the University of Central Florida , which has an undergraduate intake of 52,000 each year , roughly 23,000 of whom are male . The new offices are also across the street from a campus of the Florida Technical College , down the street from Valencia College , and across town from Seminole State College . Jim Londeree , a spokesman for Cryos , told the Orlando Sentinel : ` There 's a huge donor base here aged 18 to 29 , because of the universities . ' Cryos is looking for donors aged up to 39 , and over 5ft 9in tall . Payments are not listed on the company 's website , but Mr Londeree said donors can make $ 750 per month . Donations can be made anonymously , but the company encourages people to become non-anonymous donors , allowing children to know their identity when they turn 18 . While the company accepts donations from any race and ethnicity , donors with Danish heritage are particularly popular . After Cryos opened donor clinics in Copenhagen , they helped sperm to become one of Denmark 's top exports , after beer and Lego . However , it is bad news for any potential red-haired donors , as the company has previously said it is oversupplied with sperm from ginger men , and at one point stopped accepting it . The University of Central Floria -LRB- pictured -RRB- has an undergraduate intake of around 52,000 students per year , of which 23,000 are male . As well as providing cash for students , Cryos will also bring around 50 job to the region . Thirteen staff have transferred from New York , but the company 's goal is to expand to 65 . Medical professionals , such as nurse practitioners and medical technicians , are among the possible openings , the company says . Cryos was founded in 1987 and delivers sperm to all 50 U.S. state and 80 countries worldwide , with founder Ole Schou once boasting that they only place they have never delivered to is the Antarctic . Would-be parents hoping to use the service can fill out a questionnaire online , selecting from factors such as eye color , hair color , race , ethnicity , height , weight , blood type and sperm motility . Donors can chose how much information they wish to give to the recipients of their sperm , but there are options to include baby photos and voice recordings to help people choose . The company is responsible for around 20,000 pregnancies a year , up to four a day in Europe alone , but Mr Schou says it could be as high as 30,000 , as often people do not respond to tell them the treatment has worked .