It is not the typical place you would expect to find a bird nest , but this blue tit is busy creating hers - inside a lamp post . The little blue and yellow bird made the most of a damaged street light by collecting moss , grass and straw to line her nest . The blue tit usually takes between one to two weeks to build a nest ready for the female to lay her eggs . This little blue tit collected moss , grass and straw to line a nest in a damaged street light near Copenhagen . The blue tit usually takes between one to two weeks to build a nest ready for the female to lay her eggs . Jeanette Rosenquist , 47 , was on her way to work from her home just outside Copenhagen , Denmark , when she spotted the bird flying out of the lamp post . She said : ` I saw the blue tit completely by chance one day on my way to work . ` This little bird was flying from the lamp post , which I thought was really weird . I did n't believe my eyes the first time I saw her coming out of there . ` The next day I went back to the lamp post with my camera in the hope I could take a picture of it - and also to make sure what I had seen was right . Jeanette Rosenquist was on her way to work from her home just outside Copenhagen , Denmark , when she spotted the bird flying out of the lamp post . The female blue tit usually builds the nest by herself with very little help , or no help at all , from the male . ` The bird flew out and back a few times , and each time she came back to the lamp post she was carrying moss , grass , and reed straw in her beak . ' Ms Rosenquist , who works in the Danish health system , added : ` I was so afraid that by the bird making its nest in the lamp post it would create a short circuit and be killed . ' A blue tit will normally collect moss , grass and straw to make her nest which she then lines with feathers , fur or wool so it is ready for laying . The female blue tit usually builds the nest by herself with very little help , or no help at all , from the male . Ms Rosenquist added : ` I was so afraid that by the bird making its nest in the lamp post it would create a short circuit and be killed '