Whistleblower Julian Asssange has added insult to injury for Sony Pictures after his website Wikileaks put hundreds of thousands of emails and documents from last year 's cyberattack into a searchable online archive . The calculated move by Assange to expose thousands of indiscreet and personal correspondences will likely spell fresh embarrassment for the embattled company so soon after they hoped the dust had settled on the matter . Assange and Wikileaks issued a statement on Thursday saying that the data has a public interest , but the majority of the correspondences run from the mundane to the deeply personal . They expose not just the unguarded opinions of Sony executives , but also reveal health concerns about their children and sadness over dying parents . Scroll down for video . Adding insult to injury : Wikileaks founder Julian Assange -LRB- pictured here speaking via video link at the Commonwealth Law Conference in Glasgow on Wednesday -RRB- has said that the information leaked belongs online because it shows the inner workings of an international company . Sticking the knife in : Julian Assange has defended collating the Sony hack into one searchable database saying that the entertainment giant has links to the Democratic party and the American ` military industrial complex ' The data dump today comes after November 's massive hack which has already cost the entertainment giant upwards of $ 100 million . Wikileaks claim they built a database from the 170,000 emails and 30,000 other documents stolen from Sony Pictures by a group calling itself Guardians of Peace . The group hacked Sony Pictures in retaliation for the Kim-Jong-un assassination film , The Interview , starring Seth Rogen . Assange 's decision to put the data up in a searchable form could be seen as particularly cruel coming so soon after Sony had finished dealing with the fall-out from the damaging affair . A picture says 1000 words : Angelina Jolie stares down Amy Pascal at The Hollywood Reporter Women in Entertainment Power 100 Breakfast on December 10 , 2014 - just days after leaked Sony emails between her and Scott Rudin -LRB- right with Pascal -RRB- revealed Jolie to be described as a ` minimally talented spoiled brat ' Resignation : The embarrassing revelations exposed by the hack of Sony Pictures Entertainment led to CEO Amy Pascal -LRB- pictured with Aaron Sorkin -RRB- leaving the company . ` The cyber-attack on Sony Pictures was a malicious criminal act , and we strongly condemn the indexing of stolen employee and other private and privileged information on WikiLeaks , ' a Sony spokesperson said in a statement to Variety . ` The attackers used the dissemination of stolen information to try to harm SPE and its employees , and now WikiLeaks regrettably is assisting them in that effort . ' In a statement , Assange said the documents deserve to be easily accessible . ` This archive shows the inner workings of an influential multinational corporation . It is newsworthy and at the centre of a geopolitical conflict . It belongs in the public domain . WikiLeaks will ensure it stays there . ' Wikileaks also claim that the documents show Sony 's close ties to the Democratic Party and its efforts to collect ` intelligence ' on rival studios - including ironically , Oliver Stone 's new film on NSA whistleblower , Edward Snowden . ` The work publicly known from Sony is to produce entertainment , ' Wikileaks wrote in their statement issued on Thursday . ` However , the Sony Archives show that behind the scenes this is an influential corporation , with ties to the White House , with an ability to impact laws and policies , and with connections to the US military-industrial complex . ' The WikiLeaks site lets users find emails , documents or an entire cache of files through searches using keywords , people who sent or received emails and types of files . The site made a name for itself in 2010 when it began publishing diplomatic cables leaked by Chelsea Manning , formerly known as Bradley Manning . Cause of the woes : The Interview , a comedy about two journalists - James Franco and Seth Rogen - was widely seen as the reason why Sony was attacked by cyber-hackers affiliated with North Korea . Assange is currently battling a detention order in Sweden , where he is wanted by prosecutors in an investigation of alleged sex crimes . He has avoided being extradited to Sweden by taking shelter in the Ecuadorean Embassy in London since 2012 . Sony Pictures blasted WikiLeaks for creating the archive , saying the website was helping the hackers disseminate stolen information . ` We vehemently disagree with WikiLeaks ' assertion that this material belongs in the public domain , ' the company said in a statement . The searchable online archive is the latest blow for the entertainment and technology company struggling to get past the attack , which the company estimates caused millions in damage . Sony Pictures ' troubles began last December after it suffered an extensive hacking attack and release of confidential emails ahead of its release of ` The Interview , ' a comedy that centers around the assassination of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un . Canceled : Following the cyber hack , Sony Pictures pulled The Interview from general release and ended up releasing the movie online only . Guardians of the Peace took credit for the attack and threatened terror attacks if the film was not pulled from theaters . The company at first shelved the film , but it subsequently opened in a limited release . U.S. intelligence officials said the group was linked to North Korea , but no official link has been made . The attack exposed tens of thousands of sensitive documents , including studio financial records , employment files and emails between Sony executives . Some emails revealed exchanges between Oscar-winning producer Scott Rudin and Sony Pictures ' co-chair Amy Pascal that contained a frank assessment of Angelina Jolie 's talent and racially offensive jokes about President Barack Obama 's presumed taste in movies . Indeed , an email from studio executive Clint Culpepper labeled comedian Kevin Hart a ` whore ' and producer Scott Rudin called Angelina Jolie , a ` minimally talented spoiled brat ' . The scandal led to the resignation of Pascal . ` The content of my emails to Scott were insensitive and inappropriate but are not an accurate reflection of who I am , ' Pascal wrote in a public apology . ` Although this was a private communication that was stolen , I accept full responsibility for what I wrote and apologize to everyone who was offended . ' Recent hit : Amy Pascal with the stars of Sony comedy , The Wedding Ringer , from left , Kaley Cuoco-Sweeting , Josh Gad and Kevin Hart at the premiere in LA on January 6 . The company announced in February that Pascal would transition to a job as the head of a new production venture at the studio . Rudin also published an apology , saying : ` I made a series of remarks that were meant only to be funny , but in the cold light of day , they are in fact thoughtless and insensitive -- and not funny at all . To anybody I 've offended , I 'm profoundly and deeply sorry , and I regret and apologize for any injury they might have caused . ' Wikileaks claim they have found correspondence which exposes Sony 's political fundraising and lobbying for anti-piracy . They point to emails which detail how members of the studio set up a ` collective ' to get around campaign donation limits and made contributions to New York Governor Andrew Cuomo . Wikileaks justified their move by pointing to lobbying issues they have found in the leaks . ` Sony is a member of the MPAA and a strong lobbyist on issues around internet policy , piracy , trade agreements and copyright issues , ' their press release claimed . ` The emails show the back and forth on lobbying and political efforts , not only with the MPAA but with politicians directly . '