Two best mates from rural Victoria have vowed to keep Aussie lingo alive by making memorabilia that encapsulates the fading vernacular . Jeff McCubbery , 72 , from Mandurang and Ian Bullock , 65 , from Blackburn devised the plan for Captain Cootie Cards over twenty years ago in a bid to counter the influx of lingo from overseas . The pair now has a quirky range of greeting cards , coffee mugs , stubby-holders and calendars -- but their hopes of spreading the message were dashed after they were spurned by the companies they pitched their products to . An Illustration from best mates Ian Bullock and Jeff McCubberry , who have vowed to keep Aussie slang alive through a range a range of custom memorabilia . McCubberry told Daily Mail Australia they designed the idea after meeting on a fishing trip 25 years ago . ` We met at an annual fishing trip , and quickly learned we shared the belief that the language we grew up with was waning . ' ` People are dorks not drongos , guys not blokes . We decided to do something to keep the vocabulary afloat , ' McCubbery said . ` We decided to consolidate the Australianisms we knew and loved from our upbringings-instead of the Americanisms which have , ' said Ian Bullock . With Ian Bullock -LRB- left -RRB- as illustrator and and Jeff McCubbery -LRB- right -RRB- as designer , the duo have devised a range of greeting cards , coffee mugs , stubby-holders and calendars emblazoned with down under lingo . One illustration depicts weather forecast map with the various Australian climatological zones -- the Northern Territory is ` bloody muggy ' , Alice Springs is ` dry as a dead dingo 's donger ' , and Victoria is ` cold as a witch 's tit ' . Another card shows a fisherman sleeping next to a lake with beer can in hand and the accompanying message : ` flat out like a lizard drinking . ' McCubberry believes the rise of television and the internet has let a torrent of lingo loose from Britain and America that has eclipsed the home grown counterpart . McCubberry said when the pair met on a fishing trip 20 years ago ` we quickly learned we shared the belief that the language we grew up with was waning ' The best mates use lingo from their upbringing which they say has disappeared , such as the term : ` I do n't give a rats a ** ' With McCubberry as designer and Bullock as illustrator , the mates got to work on a range of products that embody down under speech from a bygone time . But much to their dismay the pair got a rude shock when time came to pitch the product a manufacturers . ` Nobodies interested , said McCubbery . ` They say it 's too crude or uncouth . It does n't make sense because colourful language is a pivotal part of Aussie culture . ' The duo plan to launch a digital campaign in hopes of finding a distributor to get their products on the market . Bullock said they had a deal with a major distributor that fell through before another wholesaler offered them a rather insulting rate to print the cards . ` It was pretty insulting really . It 's been a real knock back but we 're determined to stick at it . ' The mates plan to launch a website and social media campaign in hopes of finding a distributor to get their products on the market . ` It 's just a matter of getting my head around the online thing . We 're sticking at it for sure , ' said McCubbery .