It might look like something plucked straight from the future , but Chevrolet 's latest innovation is actually their vision of tomorrow 's self-driving electric vehicle . Called the Chevrolet-FNR , it boasts a futuristic capsule design among other interesting features . The car is only a concept for now , but offers a glimpse and what some manufacturers are planning for the upcoming self-driving car era . General Motors has unveiled the Chevrolet-FNR car -LRB- shown -RRB- . It has ` dragonfly ' swing doors that open upwards and ` crystal laser headlights ' The car was unveiled at the Shanghai General Motors Gala Night this week . It was developed in Shanghai by GM 's Pan Asia Technical Automotive Centre -LRB- PATAC -RRB- joint venture . Chevrolet said the car offered a ` glimpse at mobility of the future . ' The ` aim was to create a unique , intelligent vehicle for tomorrow 's younger consumers by utilizing innovative car networking technology , ' said GM . It has crystal laser headlights and taillights and ` dragonfly ' dual swing doors that open upwards . The car also has magnetic hubless electric wheel motors and a wireless autocharging system . Sensors and roof-mounted radar are used to map the environment nearby for self-driving mode , and you can even turn on the car with your eyes , thanks to its iris recognition start . The car is self-driving , electric , and the front chairs can swivel round -LRB- shown -RRB- . And using iris recognition software you can start it using only your eyes . The car was unveiled at the Shanghai General Motors Gala Night this week -LRB- shown -RRB- . Chevrolet said the car offered a ` glimpse at mobility of the future ' The ` aim was to create a unique , intelligent vehicle for tomorrow 's younger consumers by utilizing innovative car networking technology , ' said the company . While in self-driving mode , the front seats of the vehicle swivel 180 degrees to face the rear seats , so the driver can talk to their passengers . Using a gesture control feature , though , the driver can switch to manual control mode whenever they want . Chevrolet notes that the car is just a concept , so there is no release date or planned production date yet . ` The FNR concept reaffirms Chevrolet 's commitment to offer electric vehicles that meet customer 's lifestyles and are within their reach , ' said Alan Batey , head of global Chevrolet . At the event Chevrolet also unveiled a new car in its Malibu range , the Bolt EV Concept vehicle and the 2015 Captiva . Self-driving cars may be a way to take your eyes off the road and relax a little , but they can also increase travel sickness , research has found . The research was carried out by Michael Sivak and Brandon Schoettle from the University of Michigan Transportation Research Institute . They asked more than 3,200 adults across the US , India , China , Japan , Great Britain and Australia what kinds of activities they would do instead of driving in a fully self-driving vehicle . More than a third of Americans said they would do things that increase the likelihood and severity of motion sickness , including reading , texting , watching movies or television , playing games or working . More than half of Indians , 40 per cent of Chinese and up to 30 per cent of adults in Japan , Great Britain and Australia said they would also engage in these kinds of activities . The figures suggest that once autonomous vehicles become more mainstream as many as 12 per cent of people will feel ill in the vehicles at some point during a journey . The car also has magnetic hubless electric wheel motors and a wireless autocharging system . Sensors and roof-mounted radar are used to map the environment nearby while in self-driving mode . Chevrolet notes that the car is just a concept , so there is no release date or planned production date yet . At the event Chevrolet also unveiled a new car in its Malibu range -LRB- shown -RRB- , the Bolt EV Concept vehicle and the 2015 Captiva .