An online fitness and diet star is facing court action over an unpaid $ 300,000 tax debt . Ashy Bines , who is the face of the popular fitness program Ashy Bines Bikini Body Challenge , is being chased by the tax office over debts due almost 12 months ago , the Gold Coast Bulletin reports . The debts , which were due last May , include income and tax , a fine and $ 295,955 worth of interest . Scroll down for video . Ashy Bines , who is the face of the popular fitness program Ashy Bines Bikini Body Challenge , is being chased by the tax office over debts due almost 12 months ago . Court documents show the tax office launched action in November and has since lodged an application to liquidate ABBBC Pty Ltd - the company behind Ms Bines ' bikini body challenge program . The case will be heard in a Brisbane court next Friday with Pilot Partners already consenting to be liquidators if the tax office wins . Ms Bines and her husband Steven Evans have reportedly sold their shares in ABBBC to Platinum Investment Group - a second company they are members and shareholders of . The fitness queen gave up her title as director of ABBBC just six months after they first started in April 2012 . Her husband remained as the sole director of the company . But Mr Evans handed directorship of ABBBC to business associate Levi Walz in January . Mr Evans is currently locked in a court battle with rival fitness guru Emily Anderson . The Gold Coast model and body builder is suing Mr Evans for $ 500,000 for allegedly using her money for his other businesses and failing to promote hers effectively . Court documents show the tax office launched action in November and has since lodged an application to close down ABBBC Pty Ltd - the company behind Ms Bines ' bikini body challenge program . Ms Bines and her husband Steven Evans reportedly sold their shares in ABBBC to Platinum Investment Group - a second company they are members and shareholders of . Ms Anderson launched her company 'Em ily Skye 30 Day 2 Shred ' in February 2013 with Steven Evans as a joint director . He allegedly made contact with Ms Anderson via Facebook in 2013 to propose a business partnership , promising to ` make something ' of her like he did with his wife Ashy . Ms Anderson 's company is seeking damages against Mr Evans for up to $ 501,619 for allegedly spending the business ' money on personal items and expenses relating to other businesses . One of the payments listed in the court claim includes $ 2,500 paid to the Ashy Bines Bikini Body Challenge , the Gold Coast Bulletin reported at the time . It comes after Sydney personal trainer Allie Dodds said last week that Ms Bines had used her recipes in a $ 100 e-book without crediting her or asking if she could publish them in a book . The fitness queen gave up her title as director of ABBBC just six months after they first started in April 2012 . It comes after Ms Bines admitted in a video statement that 10 recipes contained within her Clean Eating Diet Plan had been stolen . Ms Dodds regularly published recipes for her friends and family on her Mealspiration blog before she started her business , The Sweet Sweat , in September 2013 . She said Ms Bines contacted her asking if she could share her recipes online with her Facebook fan base and she agreed . ` I thought , that was OK she 's going to share a couple of my recipes , give me some credit and that was it , ' she told Daily Mail Australia . But she said she was stunned when a colleague noticed her Salmon and Cauliflower Sushi recipe in a 2012 edition of Ms Bines ' Clean Eating Recipe Book . Ms Bines admitted in a video statement that 10 recipes contained within her Clean Eating Diet Plan had been stolen . She said it happened because she ` outsourced ' the recipe component to an unnamed nutritionist . It comes after a Sydney personal trainer revealed last week Ms Bines had used her recipes in a $ 100 e-book without crediting her or asking if she could publish them in a book . Ms Bines admitted in a video statement that 10 recipes contained within her Clean Eating Diet Plan had been stolen .