David Cameron has suggested using jujitsu to ` put Nigel Farage on the floor ' in tonight 's televised debate between seven party leaders . The Prime Minister took advice from martial arts pupils about the best way to deal with the Ukip leader when they go up against each other in the two-hour showdown . Sensing he may have gone too far with the threat to to wrestle his opponent to the ground , Mr Cameron later backtracked , insisting there will be ` no bodily contact ' during the debate . Scroll down for video . Prime Minister David Cameron took advice from martial arts pupils in Warrington about the best way to deal with the Ukip leader when they go up against each other in the two-hour showdown . The Tory leader paid a visit to the Kings Leadership Academy in Warrington ahead of the seven-way debate tonight . All of the party leaders have spent the day preparing for tonight 's debate , with Mr Cameron facing the prospect of having to defend the Tory-led government from attack on several fronts . Mr Cameron visited King 's Leadership Academy in Warrington , where he spoke to pupils about their favourite sports . Chatting in a playground , the Tory leader said : ` In this debate tonight , jujitsu , is that the right thing ? ' To laughter he added : ` Shall I get Nigel Farage and put him on the floor , is that OK ? ' Ukip leader Nigel Farage said he was feeling ` pretty good ' ahead of his TV test . But later he played down the idea of physical violence , telling reporters : ` It was a joke . There 'll be no bodily contact tonight . ' Today Mr Cameron insisted he was not nervous and was ` relishing ' the prospect of the two-hour debate in the ITV studios at Salford 's MediaCityUK . Mr Cameron told reporters : ` It is a chance to get across that we have a long-term economic plan that is working . ' For his part , Mr Farage said he was feeling ` pretty good ' ahead of his TV test , telling Sky News : ` I hope the truth comes out on some issues . ` Particularly , I shall be arguing and asking the Prime Minister and others , will they please admit that , as members of the EU , we can not have an immigration policy of any kind at all . ' Mr Cameron and Mr Farage will share the platform tonight with Labour 's Ed Miliband and Lib Dem Nick Clegg , SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon , the Green Party 's Natalie Bennett and Plaid Cymru 's Leanne Wood . It is the only time Mr Cameron will go up against Mr Miliband , with one of them certain to be Prime Minister after May 7 . The Prime Minister was accused by Labour of ` running scared ' after dodging a head-to-head showdown with the Labour leader . After Mr Cameron objected to broadcasters ' plans for three TV debates during the five-and-a-half week campaign , the ITV show marks the only occasion before the May 7 election when the Tory and Labour leaders will face each other . With all the polls pointing to an extremely tight contest , the leaders of the two biggest parties will be anxious to avoid any costly slips while looking for the opportunity to score points at expense of their rival . Mr Clegg said he would go for a walk to ` clear my head ' before making his way to the TV studios , while Mr Miliband said the best preparation was ` getting out to meet people ' . Labour leader Ed Miliband poses for a selfie with voters after holding a question and answer session in the Town Hall of Bury . Nick Clegg was in Cheadle , Greater Manchester , today while the SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon attended the Scottish Parliament in Holyrood . Addressing supporters in Bury , Mr Miliband said the most important people on the night for him were not the other six leaders or moderator Julie Etchingham but ` the British public ' . Lots have been drawn to agree where each of the leaders will stand and when they get to speak . The agreed line up behind the podiums will be , from left to right : Natalie Bennett -LRB- Green -RRB- , Nick Clegg -LRB- Lib Dem -RRB- , Nigel Farage -LRB- Ukip -RRB- , Ed Miliband -LRB- Labour -RRB- , Leanne Wood -LRB- Plaid Cymru -RRB- , Nicola Sturgeon -LRB- SNP -RRB- and David Cameron -LRB- Conservative -RRB- . Names drawn out of a hat also helped to decide who will get to speak first , with Ms Bennett opening proceedings and Mr Cameron having the final word by giving the last closing remarks . The two-hour live debate will be be screened from 8 pm to 10 pm . Each leader will give an opening statement to a studio audience of around 200 people . Conservative Chairman Grant Shapps arrives to meet party activists as he helps with their canvassing in Somerset today . Green Party Leader Natalie Bennett meets supporters in Piccadilly Gardens as she arrives in Manchester ahead of the TV debate . ITV newsreader Julie Etchingham will keep order with just one ad break during the two-hour election showdown . Lots have been drawn to decide the order in which each leader will speak , including the opening and closing statements and giving one-minute answers to the four studio audience questions . They will then be allowed to deliver an uninterrupted one-minute answer to each question , before 18 minutes of debate on each question . There will be just four ` substantial election questions ' covered during the night . Each leader will then give a closing statement to the cameras , before the programme ends at 10 pm . Michael Jermey , ITV 's Director of News and Current Affairs said : ` The programme will provide a fair forum for a proper debate between the party leaders . ` Our viewers greatly valued the debates in 2010 and we know many are looking forward to this programme . ` It 'll be an opportunity to hear the leaders directly challenge each other and discuss face-to-face some of the big election issues facing the country .