Few people can fail be wowed by technicolor butterfly wings that ` sparkle ' in the sunlight . And now a photographer has captured the finer details of these iridescent insects in stunning clarity , including the rainbow scales of their delicate wings . Some look like exotic bird feathers and colourful ribbon , while others resemble jagged autumnal leaves that change colour at the outer edges . Scroll down for video . These stunning pictures show the finer details of a butterfly 's wing in stunning clarity , including their rainbow scales . As well as the beautiful colours , they show the layout of individual scales , which give the insect its iridescence . This image shows the wing of a sunset moth . The photos were shot by Linden Gledhill from Staffordshire , who combines his love of photography with a PhD in biochemistry . The 51-year-old uses a modified microscope and a camera to capture the detail of the butterfly 's wing pattern . His photographs show the pretty insects ' scale-covered wings . Butterfly wings are covered by thousands of microscopic scales split into two to three layers , which gives them their Greek order name of Lepidoptera - meaning scaled wings . Each scale is pigmented with melanins that give butterflies black and brown colouring , but eye-catching blues , greens , reds and iridescence are created by the microstructure of the scales , rather than pigments themselves . Some of the scales look like exotic bird feathers , while others resemble autumnal leaves that change colour at the outer edges , such as this beautiful image of a detached scale from a tiger swallowtail . The tiny scales combine to give the striking colouration of the Eastern tiger swallowtail -LRB- stock image -RRB- . It is a species of swallowtail butterfly native to eastern North America and is one of the most familiar butterflies in the eastern US , where it is common in many different habitats . Each scale of a butterfly is pigmented with melanins that give butterflies black and brown colouring , but eye-catching blues , greens , reds and iridescence -LRB- pictured -RRB- are created by the microstructure of the scales , rather than pigments . A Papilio blumei fruhstorferi wing is shown . The brighter colours on some butterflies are created thanks to the scattering of light by the scales , such as these jagged examples , which are Papilio ulysees butterfly scales . In fact , each scale has multiple layers which are separated by air , so when light hits them it 's reflected many times and the combination of these reflections causes us to see the intense yellows and blues of many butterfly species . The brighter colours are created thanks to the scattering of light by the scales , which are layered in different patterns on top of each other . In fact , each scale has multiple layers which are separated by air , so when light hits them it 's reflected many times and the combination of these reflections causes us to see the intense yellows and blues of many butterfly species . Some butterflies even reflect ultraviolet light , which is unable to be seen by humans . The ability of Monarch butterflies to detect ultraviolet light helps them on their annual migration from North America to Mexico , for example . Mr Gledhill said : ` I 've always taken macro photographs of insects , moths and butterflies . I have a lifelong interest in exploring the world beyond what the unaided human eye can see . ` This led me to use research quality microscopes and combining the two skills . ' He uses a trinocular-reflecting light microscope fitted with Neo S-plan objectives , or attachments , and takes the photographs using a Canon EOS 5D mark II , which is fitted to the top of the microscope . The microscope has also been modified by adding a StackShot stepping motor and controller to drive the focusing control , meaning very small steps can be made in the focusing stage . Mr Gledhill said : ` I 've always taken macro photographs of insects , moths and butterflies . I have a lifelong interest in exploring the world beyond what the unaided human eye can see . ' This close-up image shows scales on the wings of the monarch butterfly . Mr Gledhill imaged the Madagascan sunset moth 's wings in minute detail . The moth -LRB- pictured left -RRB- flies during the day and is considered one of the most impressive and appealing-looking lepidopterans . He also captured the wings of the monarch butterfly -LRB- stock image shown right -RRB- , which is the most familiar North American butterfly species . He uses a trinocular-reflecting light microscope fitted with Neo S-plan objectives , or attachments , and takes the photographs using a Canon EOS 5D mark II . This camera is fitted to the top of the microscope . Overlapping pale blue scales are pictured . The depth of field in a single microscope image is too small to see the whole of the butterfly in one image , so Mr Gledhill takes up to 200 separate images spaced by one micron intervals to capture the creatures . These images are then combined into a single imaging using focus stacking software , resulting in pictures that are sharp and in full focus . ` The pictures are stunningly beautiful and they make me realise how lucky I am to be able to capture the intricate structure of butterflies , ' Mr Gledhill continued . ` Often people think they are fabric and appear very surprised when they find out they are the scales which look like dust which they remember experiencing when they touched a butterfly as a child . ' The depth of field in a single microscope image is too small to see the whole of the butterfly in one image , so Mr Gledhill takes up to 200 separate images spaced by one micron intervals to capture the creatures , before carefully combining the shots . This image shows the wing of Salamis parhassus - known as the ` forest mother of pearl - a butterfly that lives in forests in Africa .