Dubai is renowned as the playground of the rich and famous . It is a melting pot of decadence in the Middle East with year-round sunshine , some of the best hotels on the planet , and shopping opportunities to seriously damage the credit card . Despite the restrictions of local religious laws , the champagne-fuelled party life has come to somewhat define Dubai as a holiday destination . Dubai : It 's still ` bling ' but the natural habitat of the mega-wealthy has a developing cultural underside . Because of this , I have always regarded this UAE state as the natural habitat for the types of mega-wealthy who like to splash their cash ; Premier League footballers , nightclub owners , rappers and reality TV stars - the Rooneys and the cast of The Only Way Is Essex will continue to flock to Dubai . So I was surprised to discover that Dubai has a rapidly developing cultural underside . In recent times , the place has attracted more unlikely visitors - A-listers including Emily Blunt , Cate Blanchett , Lily Allen , Karl Lagerfeld and Sarah Jessica Parker . Blunt was guest of honour at the recent Dubai International Film Festival , following in the footsteps of the Oscar-winning Ms Blanchett , who attended in 2013 . Lily Allen was in town in November with The Verve 's Richard Ashcroft to perform at Dubai 's first-ever Party In The Park at the Media City Amphitheatre . And although Lily was ordered to censor her lyrics - ` They told me to cover up and not swear ! ' she announced on stage - punters said the relaxed atmosphere , cool crowd and outdoor , grassy setting made the festival feel like Dubai 's answer to Glastonbury . Lily Allen performed at Dubai 's first Party in the Park . There is now the annual Dubai International Jazz Festival . This year , Sting and James Blunt performed in February . And work is also under way to build Dubai 's first opera house in The Lagoons area . The 2,500-seat venue is anticipated to be complete in 2017 . Karl Lagerfeld showed his Chanel Cruise collection in Dubai , while Sarah Jessica Parker decamped from Manhattan to launch her shoe collection in The Mall of the Emirates in December . And with Western shopping meccas Bloomingdales and Harvey Nichols now established , and US emporium Macy 's on the cards to open in the next few years , the retail scene also caters for more sophisticated customers . According to Cressida Meale , deputy editor of fashion magazine Grazia Middle East , there is even an underground fashion scene emerging in the city 's industrial area , Al Quoz . ` It has pop-up fashion shops and cool Dubai designers , ' says Meale . ` There really is another shopping side to Dubai , away from the malls . ' There are also several trendy art galleries in this area . So why the sudden cultural shift ? Two things seem to have happened in recent times . Firstly the party scene has relocated an hour down the road to Abu Dhabi , thanks in part to the launch of the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix and Ferrari World -LRB- the world 's first theme park devoted to the Italian motors -RRB- . Second , Dubai was also recently made host to the global Expo 2020 , an honour of which it is very proud . The Government is pumping millions into creating the infrastructure for the global mega-event . So Dubai has upped its game , and with great results . Now art , music and fashion events are near-weekly fixtures on the calendar . Of course , all this has not stopped the partying - there 's just a more sophisticated crowd of revellers . Branches of Western nightclubs lead the way , starting with Mayfair 's most famous one , Mahiki . Art exhibitions are on the rise such as the Mojo art gallery in Al Quoz district in Duba -LRB- above -RRB- . Since the club opened its doors in Jumeirah Beach Hotel three years ago , Movida and Pacha have arrived too . Do the clubs worry about Abu Dhabi stealing their party crown and cliental ? Apparently not . The general consensus is that Abu Dhabi has a lot to learn from Dubai . Indeed , Mahiki recently took the party to Abu Dhabi - and arguably the greatest VIP guest of all , Prince Harry . In November the nightclub hosted a pop-up venue on a yacht for the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix , and , of course , the party-loving Prince could n't resist sinking a few rum cocktails on board . But when it comes to hotels , Dubai has always been ahead . I was lucky enough to stay at the world-famous Jumeirah Burj Al Arab . World famous : The Jumeirah Burj Al Arab towers over the malls and souks of Dubai . Not only did my visit coincide with the UAE 's National Day , it was also the architecturally unique hotel 's 15th birthday . I have never seen a fireworks display and laser show like it . I was completely bowled over by the world-class level of service at the suite-only hotel , and even had my own butler on hand for the duration of the stay . The Al Muntaha restaurant , in the perpendicular pod that juts from the side of the building on the 27th floor , not only served the most exquisite fish , but the bartender made a mean martini too . It 's little wonder the hotel that prides itself as ` the world 's most luxurious ' has a regular roll-call of royalty and A-listers staying . Many arrive by helicopter , landing on the helipad perched on top of the sail . Apparently it is used nearly every day . I had to slum it with a chauffeur driven Rolls-Royce Phantom picking me up at the airport . I 'll be sure to book the chopper next time ... The Best of Burj package costs from £ 2,850 per couple and includes two nights ' b & b in a two-floor suite -LRB- minimum stay two nights -RRB- , with private butler , dinner both evenings at Burj Al Arab 's signature restaurant , massages and set of Hermes amenities . Visit jumeirah.com or email BAARESERVATIONs@jumeirah.com . British Airways -LRB- ba.com -RRB- offers return flights from Heathrow to Dubai from £ 537 .