The wife of the prominent D.C. rabbi who was caught filming dozens of women changing in a ritual bathroom at their synagogue has spoken out for the first time since his arrest last fall . A little more than a month before her husband , Bernard Freundel , is set to be sentenced for his crimes , his wife Sharon Freundel held a lecture at a Maryland Jewish school about how to respond to traumatic experiences . While Mrs Freundel did not directly address her personal drama , she did allude to the scandal which shocked her community at the beginning of the talk . ` As you all know , I 've become an expert in PTSD , ' Mrs Freundel told the room of about 150 people , according to the Washington Post . ` Researching this has been so therapeutic . ' Sharon Fruendel -LRB- right -RRB- , wife of disgraced D.C. Rabbi Bernard ` Barry ' Freundel -LRB- left -RRB- gave a speech on March 22 which alludes to her family 's recent scandal . In October , her husband was charged with spying on dozens of women who changed in their synagogue 's ritual bathroom . It was in October that Sharon 's husband Bernard ` Barry ' Freundel was arrested after a police investigation revealed he had spied on dozens of women who changed in the ritual mikvah bathrooms at the Kesher Israel Congregation synagogue in D.C. Freundel first came under investigation when a woman changing came across a suspicious clock radio in the bathroom which is used mainly by people converting to Judaism and Jewish women to cleanse following menstruation . In February , the 63-year-old rabbi pleaded guilty to 52 misdemeanor charges of voyerism and he is set to be sentenced on May 15 . In the weeks following her husband 's arrest , Freundel left D.C. for Maryland , where one of her daughter 's lived . While her husband has granted her a Jewish divorce , the two are still legally married . On March 22 , she spoke to the group fathered at Charles E Smith Jewish Day School in Rockville , Maryland , for about 90 minutes . During the talk she cited several instances of ` trauma ' in the Hebrew bible and how the biblical figures responded to their crises as lessons for life . She seemed to address her own personal issues with her husband when she quoted Jewish philosopher Joseph Soloveitchik , who wrote that marriage is a place people can go ` when we believed nobody ` gets ' us . ' Barry Freundel pleaded guilty to 52 counts of misdemeanor voyeurism in February . He is set to be sentenced in May . Pictured above leaving D.C. Superior court on February 19 . However , Soloveitchik ends by saying that ultimately , the answer ` is to turn to the one above . The one above will get it . ' Several members of the Kesher community were in attendance to hear Freundel talk , and respected her more for it . ` She did n't want to represent the scandal anymore , ' one longtime Kesher member told the Post . ` It gave her sense of how she survived it and how the community can survive it . She was educating the community in surviving its misfortune . ' Mrs Freundel is also the director of Hebrew and Judaic Studies at the Jewish Primary Day School in northwest D.C. Prosecutors said Freundel recorded the women between early 2009 and October 2014 using devices installed in two changing rooms for the National Capital Mikvah , which is next to the Kesher synagogue . Investigators found six video files of nude women , with one showing Freundel 's face as he set up the camera , prosecutors said . Police searched his home and his office at Maryland 's Towson University , where he was an associate professor , and seized computers , electronic devices , remote controls , hard drives and cameras hidden in a fan and a tissue box , they said . Prosecutors said at least 52 women were recorded nude or partially nude on 25 different dates from March 2012 to September 2014 . Voyeurism carries a three-year statute of limitations . Investigators also found that Freundel secretly recorded about 100 more women between 2009 and September 2014 in a bathroom at the National Capital Mikvah , they said . Each of the 52 counts of voyeurism carries a penalty of a year in prison and/or a fine of up to $ 1,000 , or $ 2,500 for those committed after June 2013 . One of the victims , Stephanie Doucette , said in a statement : ` I continue to be profoundly shocked and upset by Rabbi Freundel 's outrageous conduct , which violated the security , trust and beliefs of so many women . ' Freundel is also facing civil lawsuits and was fired from Kesher Israel in December . His congregation has included Treasury Secretary Jack Lew and former Connecticut Senator Joe Lieberman .