KFC has come under fire for hiring a food stylist in a bid to change its image . Viewers unleashed a barrage of negative comments on Twitter after last night 's episode of The Billion Dollar Chicken Shop on BBC One . The third programme in the series focused on the methods employed by the creative team behind KFC 's rebranding exercise and showed scenes of a food stylist using hairdryers and tweezers when preparing the food for an advertisement . Scroll down for video . BBC One 's The Billion Dollar Chicken Shop showed the inner workings of the fast food giant . This KFC ultimate burger -LRB- pictured -RRB- has not been styled by a food stylist . In the final episode , which aired yesterday , KFC is shown about to launch their new pulled chicken range which consists of a Twister , a mini wrap and the ultimate burger -LRB- pulled chicken piled on top of fried chicken pieces -RRB- . Viewers are introduced to food stylist Dagmar who has to prepare the new products for photography . Using her arsenal of styling tools , which include a pair of nail scissors , tweezers and a mini hairdryer , she arranges pieces of pulled chicken , snips off errant bits of meat , and melts cheese using a hairdryer . Explaining the process , the brand 's new marketing director Meghan , who has been employed to change the image of the fast food giant says : ` It 's meant to look like it tastes really good . ` And this needs to look amazing enough so that they -LSB- the customers -RSB- want this instead of what they normally order . ' KFC has a global turnover of 23 billion dollars a year , and a billion of that comes from the UK alone . Negative comments about the styling methods were soon trending on Twitter with viewer Miss Ay tweeting : No wonder fast food never actually looks like what 's advertised . . It 's been designed by a bladdy food stylist ! -LRB- sic -RRB- . Viewer Rachel K tweeted : ` I 've just witnessed a chicken burger getting a cut and blow ready for a photo shoot . ' There were also some viewers who thought that they had missed their vocation in life . Katy Young expressed a desire for a career change , tweeting : ` Wonder how different life might 've been if I 'd pursued home ec career ... . food stylist ... processed cheese developer . ' Hannah Tucker tweeted : ` It 's all about being a food stylist ... I think you missed a bit ! Miss Ay tweeted : ` No wonder fast food never actually looks like what 's advertised . . It 's been designed by a bladdy food stylist ' -LRB- sic -RRB- . This Twitter user expressed disbelief at a chicken burger being given a cut and blow dry . Neil Chetham tweeted : ` Who knew there was such a job as food stylist . What do they do five chicken fillets a short back and sides . ' -LRB- sic -RRB- . And there were others who expressed shock that such a job existed . Neil Chetham tweeted : ` Who knew there was such a job as food stylist . What do they do five chicken fillets a short back and sides . ' More critical comments came from Matthew Pill who said : ` As of KFC paid a food stylist to make this burger look like dog food . ' A spokesperson from KFC said to FEMAIL : ` All of the food in our adverts is made using exactly the same ingredients we use in our restaurants and food stylists are there to ensure the food looks the best it can and all the ingredients can be clearly seen . ` When cooked in our restaurants our focus is delivering fresh , great tasting food fast , and so there may be some difference in how it looks - but the great taste remains . ' Katy Young wondered how different her life would have turned out had she pursued a career in home economics . Hannah Tucker jokingly pointed out that the food stylist had ` missed a bit ' Matthew Pill was critical , saying that the burger looked like ` dog food ' Fast food is big business in the UK with 85 per cent of the British public indulging in it once a month . KFC has a global turnover of $ 23billion -LRB- £ 15 -RRB- a year , and a billion of that comes from the UK alone . Some 700 million fried pieces of chicken were sold in the UK in 2014 . The brand has 860 stores nationwide , serving fried chicken to 22 million customers a year . KFC came under fire for hiring a food stylist in an attempt to change its image .