In a sport so often dominated by egos , the idiom ` if he was chocolate , he 'd eat himself ' could be used on a weekly basis in boxing . And going by the sobriquet ` Kid Chocolate ' , you might expect Peter Quillin to have an appetite to match his ring alias . Instead , the man who will stand in the opposite corner to Limerick 's Andy Lee next weekend comes across as anything but the egotist . Peter Quillin -LRB- left -RRB- may be nicknamed ` Kid Chocolate ' but he shows none of the expected arrogance . At times , the 31-year-old 's verbal patter buzzes with a modesty and philosophical slant which often betrays the expectations of a hard-hitting middleweight , carrying a 71 per-cent knockout rate in his undefeated record . Only once during the course of an exclusive interview with Sporstmail does Quillin speak with a hint of bite to match the aggression that saw him put Hassan N'Dam N'Jikam on the canvas six times en route to his 2012 world-title win . This comes when he is questioned about the criticism he received after opting to vacate his WBO world championship last year . While Lee is the defending champion next weekend , Quillin , the challenger , is also the former title holder having never lost the belt in the ring . The 31-year-old had been due to defend against undefeated Russian Matt Korobov but turned down a career-best $ 1.4 million pay day when deciding not to fight the mandatory challenger . Lee later stepped in to defeat the Russian -LRB- for a much lower purse -RRB- , leaving Quillin to face accusations of ` ducking ' his obligations as champion . Only recently did Quillin reveal that he took a sabbatical to deal with the conflicting emotions of welcoming his first child into the world , while seeing his uncle unsuccessfully battle cancer . ` I learned a lot of patience through that , so I could n't care less what people ' s opinions are or what they 're about . Nobody gets paid to care ! , ' blasted Quillin about the flak he faced for giving up his belt . ` It 's about being challenged , you 'll be challenged for all different decisions that you make -- -LSB- decisions -RSB- that I made in my life and I think that applies to anybody else . The American has a 71 per cent knockout ratio , but he is keeping his feet on the ground ahead of the fight . ` I just worry about myself , keep good thoughts and a positive mind and keep a great mindset for myself and that I 'm just focused . ' Quillin 's first son , Joaquin , was born last August , at the same time his close uncle , Eric Munson , battled pancreatic cancer , losing his fight just two months ago . He has been out of the ring for 12 months since his last title defence . Has he been able to shake the ring rust and the emotional baggage ? ` Everything is a challenge in life . I was always in the gym , but I was dealing with mental stuff and I 'm glad I overcame those things . ` Now I 'm back to where I need to be at , ' answered Quillin . ` Testament to that is when I step into the ring with Andy Lee on April 11 . I challenge myself to overcome these things . ` My uncle 's in his casket and gone now so I got a closing period , a one on one with my uncle before he passed . ` I left him in Grand Rapids -LRB- Michigan -RRB- on February 2 and he passed three days after . It was like a rough thing , but I had my closing period where I accepted that the fate of God is going to be what it is and I did n't have no control over that . I just learned some powerful things -- that I need to accomplish as much as I can while I 'm living so that I do n't have regrets when it 's my time . ` Now I 'm just looking forward and Andy Lee is who 's in front of me right now . ' Moving on seems to be a regular feature of Quillin 's life . Next week 's fight with Lee will take place in the challenger 's adopted home town , but to call Quillin one of ` Brooklyn 's Own ' is to ignore his path . Born in Chicago , but raised in Grand Rapids , only his ` Kid Chocolate ' nickname hints at his pedigree . Quillin , who will fight Andy Lee next week , says it will be a big test against the Irish fighter . He was christened with the alias owing to his physical resemblance to the legendary Cuban featherweight champion of the same ring name , but Quillin also has a blood connection to the Caribbean island as his father was born there before defecting to the US . ` I went there in 2009 and spent two-and-a-half weeks there and it was one of the best times . I got to learn about life and experience , something different other than what I 'm used to , ' says Quillin on his pilgrimage to Cuba . ` Living in the United States all your life , you go out to another country and you assume you know everything until you see other people living a certain way . ` I had to recheck myself and say I 'm not somebody that knows everything ... I found out that it 's not really about the money , it 's about your family . ` My father left Cuba and met my mom in Chicago -- my mom 's an African black lady . My mom spoke nothing but English and my dad spoke nothing but Spanish , but my dad learned English from my mom and my mom learned Spanish from my father . ` My father knew the original Kid Chocolate in Cuba , but he 's no relation . It 's part of my destiny that I was named Kid Chocolate by other people . Quillin has been away from the ring for a while , but is now ready to recapture his title against Lee . ` I knew I had a big responsibility when it came to taking on the name . It 's a great part of my story to inherit a name like that and fight for the legacy of a fellow Cuban . ' Undefeated in 31 fights with 22 knockouts , Quillin is doing his best to uphold that honour but critics have suggested that he has not always taken on the best opponent available . He has defeated some big names , including an old Ronald ` Winky ' Wright , while his stoppage wins over tough contenders were impressive and his title win over N'Dam -LRB- Lee 's opponent at the 2004 Athens Olympic Games -RRB- proved his world-class ability . But Lee is arguably his most testing opponent to date . Quillin is reluctant to compare their respective levels of opposition , however . ` Andy Lee is just going to be one of those tests for me to go out and challenge -LSB- myself -RSB- . ` For me to criticise other people 's performances , that 's not what I came in the game for , I came in the game to be a fighter and worry about fighting . ` I gave Andy nothing but respect for accomplishing what a lot of people did n't get to do , which is become a champion so I look at him like a champion and a guy that has never took a loss . ` You got to realise that Andy is who he is now and Andy today might be different from the Andy that was -LSB- around -RSB- yesterday or in the future , you never know . ` We just prepare and train hard to make sure we 're able to learn -LSB- about -RSB- people right there in that ring and focus on that . ` You just have to accept sometimes that people try to be great like other people and never become great , but if you 're able to take what you already have and work with those things you become great . ' His words read as a tasty recipe to become a champion .