Louis van Gaal has won a battle to install floodlights at the club 's Carrington training ground . The meticulous Manchester United boss was stunned to find that players could not train after dark at the swish complex on the outskirts of the city when he arrived last summer . He immediately ordered a raft of improvements including the installation of floodlights . Sportsmail understands Van Gaal is very keen to replicate match conditions during sessions . Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal looks on during a training session alongside Wayne Rooney . An aerial view of Manchester United 's swish Carrington training base without its floodlights . The Manchester United boss was stunned to find players could not train after dark at the swish complex . If United are due to play a night match he would prefer them to prepare by training under lights and , should they be playing in a 3 pm kick-off in the winter , he would like to train at a similar time amid fading levels of light . Previous managers at the club have tended to stick to regular morning slots . A club source said : ` The manager pays very close attention to detail . By putting the lights in it allows him to recreate conditions much closer to what the players may face . ' United have had to persuade planning bosses that the development would not disturb the local bat population . As part of their proposals , called in a bat expert to inspect the premises where the likes of Wayne Rooney , Juan Mata and Ander Herrera hone their skills . Particular concerns were raised over the impact of the three species spotted at the rural location , the common pipistrelle , soprano pipistelle and Daunbenton 's . However , Trafford council have now granted planning application and work should start shortly . Van Gaal would prefer them to prepare by training under lights ahead of a night match to replicate conditions . The installation of the lights will also allow Van Gaal extra time to work with his charges in bleak winters . The installation of the lights will also allow Van Gaal , who famously spends hours on the training ground , extra time to work with his charges in the notoriously bleak Manchester winters . United 's planning application stated : ` The benefit of the floodlighting is that it will allow for greater use of the training pitches , particularly during the winter months . ` This is essential in enabling the football club to compete with other clubs , both at domestic and international levels . The floodlighting will enhance the usability and function of the training centre , further helping to maintain its world class status . ' The likes of self-confessed Coronation Street fan Rooney and Co , however , will not find themselves there late at night . Approval was granted on the condition that the lights were not used between the hours of 9 pm and 9 am . Manchester United manager Van Gaal speaks during a press conference at the training centre last week .