He was once the most powerful man in the world , but former US President Bill Clinton says he believes he should take a more backstage role should his wife , Hillary , decide to run for President . In an interview with Town & Country Magazine , the 68-year-old revealed that he believes he has lost his natural flair for political campaigning , adding that becoming a grandparent to his daughter Chelsea 's six-month-old daughter Charlotte has tamed the angry side of his personality which once helped to propel him to victory . ` I 've told Hillary that I do n't think I 'm good -LSB- at campaigning -RSB- anymore because I 'm not mad at anybody . I 'm a grandfather , and I got to see my granddaughter last night , and I ca n't be mad . ' he said . Scroll down for video . Back seat ? President Clinton plans to stay out of the limelight if and when Hillary Clinton launches her expected run for president , he tells Town and Country Magazine in a new interview . Doting grandparents : The Clintons had long spoken of their desire to have a grandchild - a dream which came true last year when their daughter Chelsea gave birth to baby Charlotte -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Undecided role : ` I 've told Hillary that I do n't think I 'm good -LSB- at campaigning -RSB- anymore because I 'm not mad at anybody . I 'm a grandfather , and I got to see my granddaughter last night , and I ca n't be mad , ' he said . ` I think it 's important , and Hillary does too , that she go out there as if she 's never run for anything before and establish her connection with the voters and that my role should primarily be as a backstage adviser to her until we get much , much closer to the election . ' The interview provides a rare inside look at the couple 's mindset ahead of a widely expected impending presidential announcement . According to reports , Mrs Clinton is currently in the process of preparing to launch her bid within the next two weeks , and she 's rumored to have already signed a lease for her campaign office in Brooklyn . However , she has to officially declare as a candidate within the next two weeks if she is going to run . If Mrs Clinton is elected , the former President added that his wife ` would have to assess what she wants me to do ' . In addition to his new , calmer outlook on life , former President Clinton may have other reasons for wanting to avoid playing an active part in his wife 's campaign . Ready for more ? Mrs Clinton is widely expected to launch a bid within the next two weeks . Looking back : The former President 's role in Hillary 's 2008 campaign was reportedly a source of great tension in the Clinton camp . According to reports at the time , his role in his wife 's 2008 campaign was a source of great tension in the Clinton camp . Many of his political advisers joined her campaign , and some of them did n't get on with Mrs Clinton 's staff . And this time around , Mrs Clinton is thought to be off on a good foot , holding a substantial lead over her fellow Democrats , as well as a top spot in general election polling . Mr Clinton added that the couple has not discussed what her campaign -- or her potential election -- would mean for their philanthropic foundation . ` We might have to change the -LSB- foundation -RSB- rules again . But we have n't talked about that yet , and I do n't think we should , ' he said . ` You ca n't . It 's hard for any party to hang onto the White House for 12 years , and it 's a long road . A thousand things could happen . ' Whatever occurs , Mr Clinton 's priority is to keep the foundation alive whether he 's running it or not . Outspoken : The former President previously sparked controversy on his wife 's campaign trail , including with remarks about President Obama 's 2008 campaign being a ` fairytale ' ahead of the South Carolina primary . Groundbreaking : Mrs Clinton has the chance to become the first female president in American history , which would make former President Clinton as the ` First Man ' The Bill effect : Mrs Clinton is ahead in the polls and it is thought that the Democrats would like to see her run for the White House . The family is pictured at former President Clinton 's second inauguration . The Clinton Foundation is running 3,100 projects around the world , affecting the lives of 430 million people . The former President has spoken about life as a grandfather and how watching baby Charlotte grow has been ` a hoot ' . ` It 's amazing , ' Mr Clinton said on the Ellen Show towards the end of last year . ` Hillary and I only have one child and she 's quite wonderful , but it 's been a long time since she 's been that age . ' Meanwhile , daughter Chelsea has said her parents are totally involved in their granddaughter 's life , all the way down to changing diapers . She told Jimmy Kimmel that they are embracing their new roles as grandma and grandpa Clinton . ` They 're changing diapers , reading to her , helping her go to sleep at night , ' she said . ` It 's just been such a joy for me to watch them sort of rediscover that part of their lives and to watch them as grandparents . '