Hillary Clinton ` whooped ' for joy at the birth of her granddaughter before she saw Bill becoming tearful in the hospital waiting room , she has revealed . The former Secretary of State gave details of her daughter 's pregnancy in a new Epilogue for her memoir , Hard Choices , released just days before she is expected to announce her presidential run . In the new chapter , shared by the Huffington Post on Friday , she suggested that the birth of her granddaughter made her think about the future of all children and had motivated her political plans . She explained how in 2014 , she and her husband got the ` wonderful news ' that their daughter Chelsea and her investment banker husband Marc Mezvinsky were expecting a baby . Doting : Hillary Clinton , pictured with her husband Bill and their granddaughter Charlotte after her birth last year , has said the baby girl has made her realize she has much more work to do . Hillary Clinton was ` unabashedly giddy ' at the news , she said . ` As the summer slipped away , I drove Chelsea crazy checking in practically every hour , ' she wrote . ` How are you feeling ? Any news from the doctor ? When 's it going to happen ! ' But , whereas she and Bill had been disorganized ahead of the birth of Chelsea , their daughter was far calmer and better prepared , she wrote . ` I remember how frazzled -LSB- Bill -RSB- was when it was finally time to go to the hospital , ' she recalled of her own labor . ` Lamaze recommended bringing a small plastic bag of ice to suck on during labor . Bill ended up bringing enough to fill a thirty-nine-gallon garbage bag . It was quite a sight . ` By comparison , Chelsea and Marc were much more organized and prepared . ' In September , Chelsea started going into labor in New York City , so they headed to the hospital to greet their first grandchild - Charlotte Clinton Mezvinksy , who was born on September 26 . ` Chelsea emerged , exhausted but glowing , ' she wrote . ` All our pent up nervous energy burst out in laughter and excited whoops , more like a couple of kids than the newly-minted grandparents we had suddenly become . ` After a while , Bill and I stepped out into the hallway to let them rest . We sat quietly , holding hands , trying to process the rush of emotions . I looked over and saw a tear in Bill 's eye . ' Calm : In a new chapter of her book , Hillary Clinton said her daughter Chelsea and son-in-law Marc Mezvinksy were far more organized and relaxed about the birth of baby Charlotte than she was about Chelsea . Proud : She revealed that she saw tears in her husband 's eyes after the birth of baby Charlotte at Lenox Hill Hospital in New York City , pictured , last September . She is the couple 's first granddaughter . She explained that while she had been nervous about giving birth to Chelsea and the impending responsibility , ` as a new grandmother ... there is nothing but joy ' . ` It 's probably the world 's best job , ' she wrote . ` I love every minute of it . ' She added that even though she has a terrible singing voice - so terrible that an 18-month-old Chelsea told her to stop singing to her - she enjoys singing lullabies to baby Charlotte . ` Charlotte has yet to complain , ' she wrote . Welcoming her granddaughter has made her want to make the world a better place for Charlotte and other children , she wrote in the epilogue - hinting that she will be back in politics soon . ` Becoming a grandmother has made me think deeply about the responsibility we all share as stewards of the world we inherit and will one day pass on , ' she wrote . ` Rather than make me want to slow down , it has spurred me to speed up . ' Nervous : She said that before the birth of Chelsea , pictured together in the 1980s , she had been so nervous about being a mother but that now she finds being a grandmother is pure joy . She went on : ` In just a few months , Charlotte had already helped me see the world in new ways . There was so much more to do . ' Earlier this week , former President Bill Clinton said his granddaughter has changed his outlook in politics too - although it 's had the opposite effect . ` I 've told Hillary that I do n't think I 'm good -LSB- at campaigning -RSB- anymore because I 'm not mad at anybody , ' he told Town & Country magazine . ` I 'm a grandfather , and I got to see my granddaughter last night , and I ca n't be mad . ' It followed reports that Hillary has rented space for her campaign headquarters in Brooklyn Heights . According to reports on Friday , she will announce her bid to run for president on Sunday before immediately traveling to Iowa and New Hampshire to meet with voters .