As someone who suffers from computer eye strain , I was alarmed to discover that prolonged exposure to gadgets such as iPhones and iPads can cause irreversible damage to the eyes . A Spanish expert , Dr Celia Sanchez-Ramos , has found the LED screens found in most electronic devices can harm the retina - the light-sensitive layer at the back of the eye - and may even lead to partial blindness . Research has already shown that the intense levels of ` blue light ' emitted from modern gadgets can cause a variety of health complaints , ranging from sleeping and eating problems to headaches and even cancer . Scroll down for video . LED screens found in most electronic devices such as iPhones and tablets can harm the retina - the light-sensitive layer at the back of the eye - and may even lead to partial blindness , a doctor has warned . Now , Dr Sanchez-Ramos has discovered that it can also permanently damage the retina . In extreme cases , she says , it may even lead to macular degeneration , which causes dark patches to appear in the centre of the field of vision . According to Dr Sanchez-Ramos , modern LED screens , produced from about 2007 onwards , emit up to five times as much blue light as older technology . This matches my own experience , in which pre-2007 screens tend not to cause discomfort . The average adult now spends up to eight-and-a-half hours in front of a screen every day , and it is not uncommon to be exposed to multiple screens at once . For these reasons , says Dr Sanchez-Ramos , who is based at Complutense University in Madrid , the majority of people are likely to be in the danger zone . Children and the elderly are most at risk on account of their delicate eyes , as well as ` digital workers ' and those - like me - who are especially sensitive to blue light . Dr Sanchez-Ramos -LRB- pictured -RRB- said : ` Never before in human history have we exposed our eyes to light that is so intense , for such long periods , from such an early age ' ` Never before in human history have we exposed our eyes to light that is so intense , for such long periods , from such an early age , ' she says . ` People who suffer from eye strain are like the canaries in the mineshaft , as they are aware of the damage being done . But it can affect anybody . ' The damage , she explains , starts when the photoreceptors - types of neurone found in the retina that convert light into information - begin to die out due to the prolonged saturation of blue light . This puts strain on other parts of the eye , leading to increasing levels of inflammation , discomfort and pain . Eventually , the concentration of blue light in the centre of the retina , an area known as the macula , may cause it to be permanently damaged , leading to visual disorders . However the problem can be remedied by using special screen filters or glasses designed to block blue light , which are available through opticians . Daniel Hardiman-McCartney , clinical adviser at the College of Optometrists , says : ` It has been proven that intense exposure to blue light kills cells in the retina , and it is a perfectly reasonable possibility that it can cause macular degeneration over a period of time . ` More research is needed to prove it to the scientific standard . We need to conduct studies on a large number of people over a long period of time . ` But the proposal is of great interest . ' Dr Sanchez-Ramos carried out experiments at the University of Madrid in which human retinal cells , taken from volunteers , were exposed to cycles of LED light of different intensities . She found that exposure to intense blue light caused apoptosis , or cell death . However this was reduced by 83 per cent when a special protective filter was placed between the cells and the light . Based on this research , she designed a screen filter called ' Reticare ' , which converts harmful blue light to a gentler frequency more akin to sunshine . Dr Sanchez-Ramos found that exposure to intense blue light caused cell death in the eye . However this was reduced by 83 per cent when a special protective filter was placed between the cells and the light . Her findings prompted her to design a screen filter called ' Reticare ' , which converts harmful blue light to a gentler frequency more akin to sunshine . Other treatments are also available . In 2013 , Barnard Levit optometrists in London , who are specialists in the field , tested my eyes using a machine called a Colorimeter . Following this , they designed a pair of glasses with a blue tint , which blocked the most harmful part of the colour spectrum . The harmful effects of exposure to gadgets is linked to the high levels of ` blue light ' , also known as ` short wavelength light ' , that is emitted by modern screens . According to researchers at Harvard Medical School , ` not all colours of light have the same effect ' . In particular , blue wavelengths , which are emitted by most electronic devices produced from 2007 onwards , have been shown to have ` adverse health effects ' . Modern LED screens emit up to five times as much blue light as older technology . Researchers have found that using an electronic gadget with a backlit display for just two hours can affect the production of melatonin - the chemical that controls our body clock - and cause sleep problems , particularly in teenagers . A study at Chicago 's Northwestern University revealed that prolonged exposure to blue light stimulated the sensation of hunger , even directly after meals , making it a contributor to weight gain and obesity . And experts at the University of Connecticut found a link between cancer and the use of gadgets that emit blue light in the evenings and by night . In addition , Dr Sanchez-Ramos has found that exposure to blue light can damage the retina causing macular degeration , or partial blindness . Children and young adults are at greater risk , as they lack the natural protection against blue light that the human eye naturally acquires . The effects can be reduced by the use of protective filters or spectacles . Prior to this , I had been unable to use iPhones , iPads and other gadgets with LED screens without shooting pain in my eyes , dizziness and nausea . This condition is known as Meares-Irlen syndrome or ` visual stress ' . It is thought to be caused by hypersensitivity to particular frequencies of light , whether blue , red or green . In response , the visual cortex - the part of the brain responsible for processing visual information - generates too much electrical activity . This spills over into different areas of the brain , causing a variety of symptoms . About 10 per cent of people with dyslexia are thought to have visual stress . It can also be found in those with autism , ADHD , migraine , photo-sensitive epilepsy and multiple sclerosis , as well as stroke victims . Unusually for a sufferer of the condition , I have none of the related conditions listed above . When I used the blue glasses , however , I found that my eye pain , dizziness and nausea all but disappeared when using LED screens . I later discovered the glasses did not work with every type of screen , possibly because some emit different frequencies of harmful light . When I road-tested one of Dr Sanchez-Ramos ' filters , I found my symptoms were reduced significantly on all devices , though the blue spectacles were more effective with certain screens . Dr Sanchez-Ramos says the use of LED screens has become so ubiquitous in such a short period of time that in 20 years ' time , severe eye problems could become widespread . She and her colleagues are lobbying Apple , Samsung and other technology manufacturers to make their screens friendlier to the eye , meaning that no protective filters would be needed . This , she says , is an uphill struggle because super-bright screens make more of an impact on the customer , which encourages sales . She has also been putting pressure on various European governments , on both a national and regional level . As a result , a number of Spanish local authorities have ruled that all schools under their jurisdiction must use protective screen filters . Reticare filters are now available online and cost between € 12.95 and € 49 , depending on the size of the screen .