Everton manager Roberto Martinez insists he is not concerned that Romelu Lukaku has joined forces with high-powered agent Mino Raiola ahead of a potential summer of transfer speculation surrounding the striker . Raiola , steeped in Italian and Dutch football , is one of the most influential agents in the game , with Paris Saint-Germain striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic , Juventus midfielder Paul Pogba and Liverpool 's Mario Balotelli among his high-profile clients . The Italian middleman has been involved in transfer deals worth over £ 400million and Lukaku 's decision to sever his links with Christophe Henrotay , who oversaw his Everton club record £ 28m move from Chelsea last summer , adds a possible new dimension to his career . Romelu Lukaku -LRB- left -RRB- poses alongside his new agent Mino Raiola in an Instagram picture . The appointment of Raiola as agent fuels speculation Lukaku -LRB- left -RRB- could be set for a move away from Everton . Roberto Martinez , the Everton manager , is unconcerned by Lukaku joining Raiola . The Belgium striker , 21 , has scored only eight times in the Premier League so far this season compared with 15 last term . But he has netted 18 in total , including eight in the Europa League which spearheaded Everton 's run to the last 16 . With Everton 13th in the Barclays Premier League there will be no European adventure next season but Martinez , who persuaded Lukaku to turn a season-long loan into a permanent five-year deal last summer , is adamant that the player 's switch of agents has not set the alarm bells ringing . Martinez said : ` He has changed his agent , yes , but we are not concerned , no . Rom is entitled to do that . ` Everyone speaks about the colourful character that Mino Raiola is but he has a lot of players who are very much people who are happy to stay at one club . ` I dealt with Mino Raiola at Wigan and not many people know that he had Danny de Ridder or Vladimir Weiss , players who have been happy to stay at a club . I do n't think there is anything to read into that . ' Martinez does not expect a summer of upheaval at Goodison Park , despite the team 's disappointing campaign . Veteran defender Sylvain Distin , 37 , who has not featured in the league since late December , will leave at the end of his contract but , according to Martinez , fellow centre back Antolin Alcaraz still has a chance to earn a new deal during the closing weeks of the season . Meanwhile , the manager insists 21-year-old midfielder Ross Barkley can build on his performances from the bench for England against Lithuania and Italy to finish an indifferent season on a high . ` He will benefit from the experiences of this difficult season , ' added Martinez , whose side entertain Southampton on Saturday . Raiola has engineered big money moves for players such as Mario Balotelli at Liverpool . Martinez believes that Ross Barkley -LRB- left -RRB- will benefit from the difficult season that he has endured . ` This is his second full season in an important role in the squad . ` He enjoys that responsibility and taking responsibility in big games . ` He has an incredible technical ability and , with the physicality he has , you do n't see many players in world football with those capabilities . ` We know who Ross is and how important he is for the future of Everton . '