Brentford are considering appointing Gianfranco Zola as their new manager at the end of this season . The Italian was at Griffin Park on Saturday for the draw against Bolton and spoke with Bees owner Matthew Benham . Current boss Mark Warburton is to leave the club next month after feeling his vision did not match that of Brentford , who are to implement a continental approach to their management structure . Brentford are considering Gianfranco Zola to replace Mark Warburton at the club when he leaves this summer . The Italian was manager of Watford for a little over a season beginning in 2012 , and led them to the play-offs . Zola is best remembered for the seven years he spent at Chelsea , where he scored 59 Premier League goals . Zola is one of a number of candidates on the list to replace Warburton , with Benham also sounding out coaches from Spain and France . The owner wants to follow the lead of his Danish side FC Midtjylland , who are on the cusp of winning the Superliga , sitting 11 points clear at the top . In keeping with Benham 's want for mathematical modelling , Zola would need to agree to having a statistics man alongside him should talks go well . Warburton is leaving Brentford this summer because his vision for the club did not match the owners ' Rayo Vallecano 's Paco Jemez was the initial favourite to land the job . Brentford could still win promotion to the Premier League in the coming weeks but have fallen three points beneath the play-offs with two games remaining . Zola was sacked by Cagliari last month after failing to win a game during his three-month stint in charge . They are primed to drop out of Serie A alongside Parma . But the former Watford head coach does have extensive experience of managing in England and would buy into the European way to start in west London . He also enjoyed a largely successful spell at West Ham for two years from 2008 . Zola was sacked by relegation-threatened Cagliari last month after a winless spell in Serie A . Brentford are still in the hunt for promotion but are three points outside the play-off places .