At the age of 37 , and getting on for eight years after he was told that his career was over , Michael Duff probably had n't expected to be chasing the bright young hope of English football around Turf Moor this weekend . Harry Kane could n't be hotter right now and veteran Burnley defender Duff will need all his experience to put out the fire when Tottenham come to town on Sunday . ` I played against him when he was on loan at Millwall , ' says Duff . ` He was a young lad and you could see he was a decent player but I do n't think anyone could have foreseen what 's happened to him in the last 12 months . ` I do n't think it 's disrespectful to say he 's come from nowhere . ' Burnley veteran defender Michael Duff is preparing to take on Tottenham in the Premier League on Sunday . The 37-year-old has played in eight different divisions before finding himself taking on the likes of United . Duff will be tasked with stopping Spurs scoring sensation Harry Kane , 16 years his junior , on Sunday . Duff knows a thing or two about coming from nowhere , although it took him significantly longer than Kane to make it to the top . Spotted playing for Oxfordshire-based Carterton Town in the Hellenic League in the mid-90s , he spent eight years at Cheltenham Town , including a loan spell at Cirencester , before joining Burnley for £ 30,000 in 2004 . The second oldest outfield player in the Premier League -- 26 days younger than Everton 's Sylvain Distin -- Duff is the only man to appear in all eight top tiers of English football . And yet his career was almost ended prematurely after he suffered a serious knee injury against Crystal Palace in September 2007 . A ruptured anterior cruciate ligament was the worst of the damage and he will never forget his first meeting with the surgeon . ` His bedside manner was n't the best , ' recalls Duff . ` He held up the scan and the first thing he said was `` Look at the f ***** g state of that ! '' I still remember those words to this day . It was devastating to be given that news . ` Being told I was finished at 29 had a big influence because you can take things for granted . I nearly had it taken away from me , so I really appreciate what I 've got . I do n't know if I would still be playing if that did n't happen . ' The defender 's former clubs include an eight year spell with Cheltenham Town . Duff is the only survivor of Burnley 's Championship promotion and Premier League relegation sides . Duff is the second oldest outfield player in the Premier League behind Sylvain Distin -LRB- right -RRB- by 26 days . Born in Belfast but raised in North Yorkshire , Duff was 11 years old when he witnessed the Hillsborough tragedy -- standing in the Nottingham Forest end alongside his dad , John , who had taken him to his first big game . His experiences provide a useful perspective when it comes to handling Burnley 's season-long battle against relegation . After playing Manchester United , Chelsea , Liverpool , Manchester City and Southampton in five of their last six games , Sean Dyche 's side face Tottenham and Arsenal in the next two . Duff , the only survivor of Burnley 's previous promotion to and relegation from the Premier League , is not one to listen to the pessimists . Nor does he pay too much attention to the hype that comes as part of the package , such as the storm that surrounded team-mate Ashley Barnes following his bust-up with Chelsea 's Nemanja Matic at Stamford Bridge in February . ` What 's the worst that can happen ? ' asked Duff . ` You could lose a game of football , but we 're expected to lose it anyway . The high point of Burnley 's season thus far has been the 1-0 defeat of defending champions Manchester City . Burnley 's challenging run in will see the Tykes face high flying Arsenal after the Tottenham game . ` Every game we play is a free hit from the outside looking in . I ca n't imagine we start many games as the bookies ' favourite . No-one gave us a prayer at the start of the season , so we 'll give it a go . ` It 's been tough this year with the intense scrutiny that comes with the league . For instance , the incident with Barnesy at Chelsea . No one reacted in the ground , but a week later it was the worst tackle in football history , so it 's something we can not get obsessed with . ` There are different pressures at different levels . I 've played with lads who have been released and ca n't afford to pay a mortgage . ' Relegation in 2010 has clearly left a scar , however , and not least because of the controversial departure of manager Owen Coyle down the road to Bolton in mid-season . ` It ripped the heart out of the club , ' says Duff . ` He had everyone buying into what he thought and then he decided to leave for his own reasons in the January . It did n't matter who came in , it was going to be an uphill task . ` This is completely different . There is definitely a stronger mentality in this squad which reflects the manager . There 's a real belief that we can achieve something this year against all the odds . ' Losing manager Owen Coyle after relegation from the Premier League knocked the wind out of Duff . Duff 's knee injury taught him to prepare for life after a playing career and he already has his coaching badges . Articulate and forthright , he is management material . ` You look at the game differently when you get to my age , ' he says . ` I want to stay in football after I 've finished playing , but I have no plans to stop . I still love getting up for training in the morning . It 's not a bad job running around chasing after a football . '