When Jasmine Midgley was born with a birthmark , her parents were assured it was nothing to worry about . But within weeks it had nearly killed her , after doctors failed to realise it was cutting off her air supply . At just 10 weeks old , she was rushed back to hospital because the seemingly harmless mark had started growing into her throat , almost closing over her airways and choking her . Jasmine Midgley nearly died after a birthmark began blocking her airways . Her parents Tanja and Steven were warned she may not survive . In the days after her birth , the seemingly harmless mark had started growing into her throat , almost closing over her airways and choking her . Doctors diagnosed a rare condition called a subglottic hemangioma - a benign tumour made up of blood vessels that can be on the skin or go deeper . Despite several trips to the GP and a & e , her parents Tanja and Steven , of Stockton-on-Tees , had been repeatedly told their daughter had bronchiolitis . This is a common infection of the upper airways that most often affects babies and young children . But when antibiotics failed to help Jasmine 's severe cold-like symptoms , she was kept in the University Hospital of North Tees overnight . Her life-threatening problem was only detected the next day when a new doctor came onto the ward and noticed the birthmark - which by now had spread all over her neck - was cutting off her air supply . Doctors explained the birthmark had sparked the problems because of a rare condition called a subglottic hemangioma . Haemangiomas are benign tumors made up of blood vessels that can be on the skin or go deeper . They usually appear days to weeks after birth and the type that affected Jasmine occur in the breathing passage , just below the vocal cords . If they grow and are left untreated , they can cause potentially fatal breathing difficulties . Mrs Midgeley , 39 , a full-time mother , said : ` I had my suspicions the birth mark might have been responsible for Jasmine 's illness . ` We 'd been told that it was nothing to worry about , even though it had spread all over her neck by this stage . Despite several trips to the GP and a & e , her parents Tanja and Steven , of Stockton-on-Tees , had been repeatedly told their daughter had bronchiolitis - a common infection of the airways . Jasmine was treated successfully with medication which shrunk the blood vessels over two weeks . Her mother claims doctors were surprised she survived . ` The new doctor took one look at her and knew right away that her sickness was connected to it . ' Jasmine 's birthmark did n't become visible until she was about a week old . Her mother added : ` It continued to grow and Steven mentioned that it was getting a lot bigger . ` But all my kids had birthmarks and I told him they just disappear on their own . She added : ` It was n't until we were in hospital and the nurse mentioned it that we put two and two together . ' After being seen by a doctor , Jasmine was transferred to the Royal Victoria Infirmary in Newcastle and taken into theatre for a closer examination . Meanwhile her father , the manager of a waste transfer centre , began Googling his daughter 's symptoms . Mrs Midgley said : ` We were really scared . The search brought up some horrible pictures but at the same time , I felt we were in the best possible place and she was getting the attention she needed . Now four months old , Jasmine is thriving . Her father said : ` She is so much happier and settled . It 's really scary to think that she was essentially choking on this birthmark and we did n't know ' ` When the doctors and nurses wheeled Jasmine back in they were grey - they could n't believe what they had found . ' Jasmine was treated successfully with medication which shrunk the blood vessels over two weeks and her mother claims doctors were surprised she survived . Haemangiomas are benign tumors made up of blood vessels that can be on the skin or go deeper . They usually appear days to weeks after birth and can occur anywhere in the body . In the head and neck , haemangiomas can be located on or around the face , eyes , ears , saliva glands , mouth , and tongue . The type that affected Jasmine occur in the breathing passage , just below the vocal cords , and are called ` subglottic hemangiomas ' . If they grow and are left untreated , they can cause potentially fatal breathing difficulties . Subglottic hemangiomas may form a large mass in the subglottic airway causing varying degrees of airway obstruction . Many require active intervention because of their life-threatening nature in the airway . Symptoms of one include : . Croup-like cough . Noisy breathing when inhaling and exhaling . Difficulty breathing . Now four months old , Jasmine is thriving . Mr Midgley , 43 , said : ` She is a completely different baby now , she is so much happier and settled . ` It 's really scary to think that she was essentially choking on this birthmark and we did n't know . ' A spokesman for North Tees and Hartlepool NHS Foundation Trust said : ` Birthmarks like these are very rare and difficult to spot . ` We 're very pleased that the problem was identified the very next morning and Jasmine got the care she needed . ' Her father has now decided to run more than 100 miles in races , triathlons and obstacle courses to raise money for The Sick Children 's Trust . The charity supported the family when Jasmine was being treated in February , putting them up free of charge near the Royal Victoria Infirmary . He said : ` It was invaluable to us as it meant Tanja and I could stay nearby the hospital while Jasmine was in the Pediatric Intensive Care Unit and we could be just seconds away if we were needed . ` It was an absolute godsend and gave us some normality throughout the ordeal . ' Mr Midgley who only quit his 40-a-day smoking habit seven months ago , is now taking part in the dozen events , over the spring and summer , and running weekly parkruns , to raise money for the charity . To support the fundraising effort visit : https://www.justgiving.com/Steven-Midgley/ or facebook.com/teammidge  .