The first dramatic footage of the Hatton Garden jewellery heist shows how the gang returned twice in three days to continue their audacious robbery - as it is revealed police may have to pay out millions in compensation for ignoring the alarm . The six-strong gang dressed in high-vis jackets were captured on CCTV working throughout Thursday night having successfully broken into the basement of the building in the heart of London 's jewellery district . Shockingly , the footage reveals they returned again on Saturday - spending another eight hours cleaning out the jewels and cash left there for safekeeping . Scroll down for video . The Mirror has obtained the first pictures of the six-strong gang which raided Hatton Gardens last week . Images obtained by the Daily Mirror reveal the precise timings of the raid for the first time - as well as the fact they used wheelie bins to remove millions of pounds worth of jewellery and valuables from the safe . Scotland Yard tonight refused to confirm to MailOnline whether they had seen the footage before it was handed to them by the Mirror , but it is likely to place even more pressure on police already under fire for not responding to the alarm . The footage begins at 9.23 pm -- just four minutes after staff at the safety deposit centre lock up for the Easter weekend -- as the first thief appears on camera carrying a black bin bag . It was unclear exactly where the cameras were situated , but at least one is aimed outside the building and shows a white van thought to be the getaway vehicle . Over the following four nights , half a dozen raiders are seen lugging heavy-duty tools , including massive bolt cutters and a red monkey wrench down to the secure vault . Each member of the gang is wearing builder 's overalls and high-visibility vests . At least one has a balaclava over his face , while others wear dust masks -- but each one is partially reconisable . The first raider to appear has been dubbed Mr Ginger after the colour of his hair . Another , wearing a builder 's hat , has been referred to as Mr Strong and is seen carrying steel supports that may have been used for the diamond-tipped drill that police say cut through into the vault . The gang is thought to have hidden in an office before abseiling down a lift shaft and drilling into a vault . The Tall Man -- who wears an Adidas tracksuit -- carries two red tools up and down the stairs . Another , dubbed the Old Man because of his grey hair , later appears to struggle for breath in the footage as he lugs bags from the vault . Two other raiders have been nicknamed The Gent , for his smart brown shoes , and Mr Montana because he is wears a sweatshirt emblazoned with the word . Reports say that he has a shaved head , and possibly an earring in his left ear . At about 9.40 pm the gang disappear into the building . At 7.52 am on Good Friday , according to the footage , members of the gang can be seen again . The street camera captures the white Transit pull up to the alley . On Sunday , at around 6 am , the gem thieves can be seen dragging heavy wheelie bins and several black bags back up the stairs . It has been reported these contained potentially millions of pounds worth of jewellery and valuables . The last trace of the raiders is recorded at 6.44 am on Easter Sunday , when a white van pulls up and the gang load it with all the remaining equipment and disappear . Detective Chief Inspector Paul Johnson of the Flying Squad , speaks to journalists outside Hatton Garden Safe Deposit Ltd today following last weekend 's burglary in London . Another suspect , riding a moped , may also be connected to the gang . The raid was not discovered until the following Tuesday . The thieves apparently thought they had covered all their bases when covering their footsteps , but had failed to realise they had missed the cameras . A source told the Mirror : ` This was clearly the work of a professional gang who planned this job down to every last detail . ` But they may have made a mistake in leaving this footage behind . ' The footage came to light as Scotland Yard was forced to admit it did not respond to a burglar alarm triggered during the raid - which could make it liable for million in compensation . That failure to investigate immediately left the gang free to work uninterrupted over Easter and escape with gems and cash worth ` millions and millions ' from 70 deposit boxes - as can clearly be seen in the video . Officers were informed that the warning had been triggered shortly after midnight on Good Friday . But they decided that the possibility of a burglary did not need immediate investigation . Instead , a private security guard is understood to have made a cursory check of the building . Last night , jewellers who rent boxes with the Hatton Garden Safe Deposit Ltd security firm accused the police of incompetence and threatened to sue them and the owners of the deposit company . One jeweller , a 63-year-old named Michael , said : ` As far as I 'm concerned the police have got a lot to answer for . Suing anyone is a last resort but it 's something I would consider . ' A gang of criminals broke into the Hatton Garden Safe Deposit Ltd over the Easter Bank Holiday weekend . Another jeweller called Ryan , who runs a business with his father in Hatton Garden , added : ` It is just unbelievable that they could ignore a call from an alarm company . ' The deposit firm has also faced criticism over the building 's ` antiquated ' alarm system . Security expert Seamus Fahy , 47 , said : ` It was a well-planned heist , but the lack of modern technology made it a lot less difficult than it should have been . ' A Scotland Yard spokesman said : ` A grade was applied to the call that meant that no police response was deemed to be required . We are now investigating why this grade was applied to the call . ` It is too early to say if the handling of the call would have had an impact on the outcome of the incident . '