The mother of the man slain by Aaron Hernandez is moving forward with a civil lawsuit against him and her lawyer said the former New England Patriots player will be called to testify at the trial . Ursula Ward , the mother of Odin Lloyd , wants to look Hernandez in the eye when he testifies during the wrongful death suit . according to attorney Doug Sheff . Hernandez , who did not testify at his criminal trial and had a $ 40million contract , was convicted April 15 of first-degree murder for killing Lloyd on June 17 , 2013 . Scroll down for video . Suing her son 's murderer : Ursula Ward , the mother of Odin Lloyd , at a press conference on Wednesday about the civil suit she has filed . Killer and his victim : Hernandez -LRB- left -RRB- was found guilty of first-degree murder parole in the 2013 shooting death of Odin Lloyd -LRB- right -RRB- . Distressing : Ward -LRB- right -RRB- , is comforted by her attorney , Douglas Sheff -LRB- left -RRB- , at their conference in Boston , Massachusetts . Sheff , who called Lloyd 's death an unthinkable loss said : ` She wants to ask what happened . Ward said her son , 27 , was ` loved my many ' ` Very simple : ` What happened ? ' ` And the next question : ` Why ? ' Ward said during a press conference on Wednesday : ` The day I learned my son was shot and killed , I thought my life ended with his . ` I always wished I was there to take those bullets for Odin . ' She did not address or take questions about the lawsuit but focused her comments on her love for her son . ` Odin was loved by many , ' she said . ` Odin will be missed tremendously . ' Sheff said it was possible he would call Patriots officials , including owner Bob Kraft , to testify if he thought their testimony would be ` relevant ' , according to the Boston Herald . He said : ` We will also call different witnesses in the civil case , including Mr Aaron Hernandez . ` When we do he will no longer be able to hide behind any sort of Fifth Amendment rights against self-incrimination because he is already convicted of the crime . ` No one wants to unnecessarily disturb any professional or anybody , but if it is important and it is part of zealously representing our client , then we will do what we have to . ' Wealthy : Hernandez -LRB- No. 81 -RRB- had already been paid more than $ 9.2 million of his $ 40million deal at the time of the murder . Pain and relief : Ward seen reacting to the guilty verdict for Hernandez after his trial at Bristol County Superior Court in April . The team was originally named in the suit , but the organization was dismissed after agreeing any money released to Hernandez would be granted to the Lloyd family , Boston.com reported . The Patriots terminated their contract with Hernandez shortly after he was charged and team lawyers have said New England does not owe the 25-year-old ` another penny ' . He had already been paid more than $ 9.2 million of his $ 40million deal and the NFL Players Association filed a grievance on his behalf seeking in additional $ 6.2 million in guaranteed money . They are awaiting the outcome of the grievance said Donald Grady , another of Ward 's lawyers . The Patriots and Ward 's lawyers have agreed that if it is determined the team owes him more money , it will not pay Hernandez but will instead hold onto the money and alert them and the court . The lawsuit seeking unspecified damages was filed in December 2013 but was put on hold during the criminal trial . While an appeal is automatic in the criminal case , Sheff said he plans to file papers in the next few weeks to resume the lawsuit so he can hunt down Hernandez 's assets . One asset they do know about is his home in North Attleborough , which is assessed at $ 1.2 million . Hernandez 's fiancee and two-year-old daughter live there . Shaneah Jenkins , a second-year criminal law student and the sister of Hernandez 's fiancee , was dating Lloyd . Ward said : ` I always wished I was there to take those bullets for Odin . Odin will be missed tremendously ' Former New England Patriots NFL football player Hernandez , 27 , seen during his murder trial -LRB- file photo -RRB- . Sheff said that he 's not confident Hernandez has any money left after defending himself in the criminal trial but that Hernandez clearly made millions during his career . He said Lloyd 's family is n't in it for the money because no amount can compensate for their loss . Lloyd , 27 , was dating the sister of Hernandez 's fiancee . Hernandez picked him up and drove him to an industrial park near his home , where Lloyd was shot six times . Hernandez 's lawyer , John Fitzpatrick , did not immediately return a message seeking comment . His client , who is also facing criminal murder charges and being sued in civil court in connection to a 2012 double murder , was moved to Souza-Baranowski Correctional Center in Shirley , Massachusetts , on Wednesday . The Patriots , who won their fourth Super Bowl in February , will visit the White House on Thursday . April 28 , 2007 - Police called after Hernandez , a University of Florida football player , punches a waiter at a bar . September 2007 - Hernandez questioned after two men shot in drive-by shooting in Florida after fight with Hernandez at club . August 30 , 2008 - Hernandez suspended for one game after testing positive for smoking marijuana . June 8 , 2010 - Hernandez inks deal with New Endland Patriots after being drafted in the fourth round . February 5 , 2012 - Played in Super Bowl XLVI . July 16 , 2012 - Two immigrants from Cape Verde are shot dead in the car in South Boston . Hernandez suspected . Hernandez is also accused of murdering Daniel de Abreu -LRB- left -RRB- and Safiro Furtado -LRB- right -RRB- in 2012 in Boston . August 27 , 2012 - Patriots sign Hernandez to five-year , $ 37.5 million contract extension . November 2012 - Hernandez 's fiance Shayanna Jenkins gives birth to their daughter , Avielle Janelle . February 13 , 2013 - Hernandez allegedly shoots friend in the eye outside Miami strip club after argument . June 17 , 2013 - Odin Lloyd gunned down in an industrial lot near Hernandez 's home . June 26 , 2013 - Hernandez arrested and charged with Lloyd 's murder . June 26 , 2013 - Patriots kick Hernandez off team within 90 minutes of arrest announcement . May 5 , 2014 - Hernandez charged with beating fellow inmate and threatening a jail guard . May 15 , 2014 - Hernandez indicted for double-murder in South Boston . January 29 , 2015 - Odin Lloyd murder trial begins . April 15 , 2015 - Sentenced to life in prison without parole after conviction on murder and weapons charges in Lloyd 's death .