Haris Vuckic admits he does not know where he will be playing next season - but believes Rangers would be a ` good option ' if Newcastle let him leave . The St James ' Park youngster was one of five loanees sent to Glasgow by the Magpies on the final day of the January transfer window . With Kevin Mbabu , Remie Streete , Gael Bigirimana and Shane Ferguson all injured , the 22-year-old Slovenian is the only one to have made an impact at Ibrox . Haris Vuckic -LRB- right -RRB- trains with team-mates after being loaned to Rangers from Newcastle . The Slovenia international admits he is uncertain over his future with only 12 months left on his Toon deal . Six goals in 10 games have made him an instant hit with the Gers faithful but Vuckic has denied reports suggesting he is ready to quit Newcastle this summer . He still has another 12 months on his deal with the Barclays Premier League club and owner Mike Ashley is certain to play hard-ball with Rangers if they try to sign him early after his recent boardroom battle with Dave King . But if a deal can be done , Vuckic would be happy to talk . He said : ` It 's not true that I 'm going to quit Newcastle and stay at Ibrox . What I have always said that I respect both clubs - Newcastle because I still have a contract with them and Rangers because I have a loan deal here . Vuckic has won over Rangers fans with six goals from 10 games , including this strike against Hearts . ` We will see what is going to happen in the summer but Newcastle have to say what options I have . ` I will choose the best one for me . ` If Newcastle let me go , would I like to stay at Rangers ? That would be a good option for me . ` At Newcastle , I did n't have the chance to play first-team football . When I signed for Rangers I got that experience . I 'm playing every week and scoring goals . Vuckic -LRB- centre -RRB- is one of five Newcastle players loaned to Rangers , including Gael Bigirimana -LRB- left -RRB- and Remie Streete - although he is the only one to have been a success . The 22-year-old celebrates scoring a goal for Newcastle , but could find himself leaving St James ' Park . ` If I can do that next season that would be a great option for me . ` I like the feel of Rangers . Every player does n't want to just train on the training ground , they want to be recognised in the games and score goals . They want to be recognised in the city . ` At Newcastle I was playing Under-21 level which is not really my level . I feel I 'm above that . I want to play first-team . I want to play with the men , not the kids . ` I want to be recognised if I do well and score goals - that 's what players want . '