David Cameron has brushed off criticism that he is too posh , insisting he will not change the way he acts or speaks to win voters . The Prime Minister is apparently so proud to be posh he was happy to be pictured eating a hotdog with a knife and fork . The bizarre dining etiquette during a campaign visit to Dorset was almost certainly designed to avoid a repeat of Ed Miliband 's disastrous attempt at eating a bacon sandwich . Scroll down for video . David Cameron ate his hotdog with cutlery as he enjoyed lunch with Lilli Docherty and her daughter Dakota in the sunshine during a visit to Poole in Dorset . It seems likely that Mr Cameron was trying to avoid the fate of Labour leader Ed Miliband , who was much mocked for his attempt to eat a bacon sandwich on the campaign trail last year . Few people can appear attractive while eating in public , but on the campaign trail a combination of hunger and not wishing to cause offence to hosts means it can be tricky to avoid . Mr Cameron 's pitstop at a garden in Poole , Dorset yesterday include a spot of a lunch . The Tory leader loaded his plate with potato salad , cucumber , tomato and a hotdog before settling down next to Lilli Docherty and her daughter Dakota . But he surprised onlookers with his eating style , picking up a knife and fork to chop the hotdog . The PM has a chequered history with hotdogs . In 2010 he caused offence on a visit to New York when he asked for a plain sausage , without even onions . And in March 2012 he was said to have tried eating one sideways while at a basketball game with President Obama . He also sparked a mini-storm after opting for ketchup of mustard , the condiment of choice for many Americans . The Prime Minister obviously enjoyed his lunch , and was pictured leaning back in his chair in the sunshine . In a new interview the Old Etonian insists he has never tried to hide his privileged upbringing , and refuses to change the way he speaks or behaves . While aides may worry about the impression Mr Cameron gave by eating his BBQ food with cutlery , the man himself is unconcerned . In an interview to be broadcast tonight , he makes clear he is not going to change the way he behaves to hide his ` poshness ' . The Old Etonian insists he has never tried to hide his privileged upbringing . He tells ITV 's Tonight programme : ` I went to a very posh school , I had a very privileged upbringing with parents who were incredibly loving and brilliant . ` I 've never tried to hide that , I 'm not going to change my accent or talk in a different way . ' In 2010 -LRB- left -RRB- Mr Cameron caused offence on a visit to New York when he asked for a plain sausage , without even onions . In March 2012 -LRB- right -RRB- Mr Cameron was said to have tried eating one sideways while at a basketball game with President Obama . Mr Cameron adds : ` I accept we need to do more to demonstrate that the economy we 're delivering , the jobs , the tax reductions the homes we 're building , the schools that are getting better . ` That is for people who work hard , who do the right thing . That is not for some sort of them and us economy , it is for hard working people . ` That 's what I have been doing for the last four and a half years . But I accept , in politics , perceptions matter as well as reality and you have to , we 've got to work harder to get that right . '