Sunday , April 26 . That is when it becomes real . The second act of Tony McCoy 's life . On Saturday he will dismount from the bay gelding Box Office after the 4.25 pm at Sandown Park -- the Bet365 Handicap Hurdle -- and it will begin . Perhaps it will not quite sink in , at first , amid the cheers and roars , the hoopla and a presentation from Ian Wright , an Arsenal hero , as befits McCoy 's club allegiance . Yet the following morning , when McCoy awakes an ex-jockey , he will understand there are no more competitive rides , no more races , no more Cheltenhams or Aintrees or even modest little handicap hurdles to separate him from the field . Just entries in record books and the fact he will never have to put his hand in his pocket at any racetrack in Britain or Ireland to remind him of what was . AP McCoy will race at Sandown on Saturday for the last time before he retires after a successful career . To date , McCoy has 4,357 winning memories . Eddie Arcaro had 4,779 , including five Kentucky Derbys . He was known as The Master in American racing , comparable in his field to baseball legend Joe DiMaggio and golf 's Jack Nicklaus . ` I liked being a celebrity , if I 'm being honest , ' Arcaro said . ` When a jockey retires he becomes just another little man . ' Arcaro was retired 36 years before succumbing to liver cancer in 1997 . It can not be said that McCoy has courted celebrity , or that he will ever be regarded as a little man by racegoers , yet as he scurries to his new life , minus its thrills , spills and the snap of broken bones , one can not help but ask : why ? To be a jockey is to live a life of denial , early nights , early mornings , restraint at the dinner table , water at the bar , long , hot baths to sweat out the weight that , in McCoy 's case , lowered his sperm count . His children were born through IVF treatment . Yet not one of McCoy 's thoughts on retiring has centred greatly on the inconveniences or even the pain of injury . He does n't now talk excitedly of lavish lunches or late nights , of never having to look at a fractured vertebrae via x-ray ; there is no hint of the social whirl experienced by Sir Alex Ferguson on stepping down at Manchester United . McCoy will host a party at home on Sunday for family , friends and his closest racing colleagues , and the next day travel to the Punchestown festival with JP McManus , as a spectator . The rest of his retirement talk amounts to wishful thinking . McCoy simply reiterates he would still like to be riding . If he could ride in disguise for another three years he would do just that . McCoy -LRB- left -RRB- and wife Chanelle will host a party at home on Sunday for family and friends . And why would he need a mask ? That is the puzzle of McCoy 's decision : the fear that appears to be at the heart of it . He is genuinely , unfathomably , unnerved by the thought of staying too long , of not going out a winner . True , Brian Clough was relegated in his final season at Nottingham Forest , Sugar Ray Leonard 's last comeback of four ended in an early stoppage , Paul Gascoigne travelled to pitifully obscure outposts trying to cling on to what remained of his professional career . Yet , another year of McCoy ? Another year of the man who currently leads the Jump Jockeys Championship by an insurmountable margin ? Random misfortune aside , we know full well what would happen if he stayed on another year . He would be champion jockey a 21st time . To put this view into perspective , the gap between McCoy and Tom Scudamore , who is in second place in the jockey 's table , is 82 wins , while the gap between Scudamore and third-placed Richard Johnson is two . Between Johnson and Sam Twiston-Davies it is four , between Twiston-Davies and Brian Hughes , 37 . There is no margin anywhere comparable to the distance McCoy and the rest . There is no-one on his shoulder , no-one breathing down his neck , no-one gaining on him up the hill . What worries him -- that people may think he is not the rider of old -- is several years away , at least . Hence his fantasy of racing in disguise , without the burden of history . ` I 'd ride forever if I could , ' he explained . Ferguson got out of Manchester United at the right time . He could not have foreseen the calamitous fall of David Moyes ' first season , but he must have had an inkling that his team might find it hard to retain their title . A businessman , too , Ferguson would have known the commercial cache in leaving a winner -- the opportunities in the world of publishing , or at Harvard and beyond . Here was his chance -- and who knows when the conditions would be right again ? A man of many interests , and past retirement age , he stood down and prepared to enjoy life . It was absolutely the right thing to do . McCoy is unnerved by the thought of staying too long , of not going out a winner . Yet McCoy 's farewell is almost troubling . ` When he retired , they should have shot him , ' said Jack Charlton of his brother , Bobby . ` I 've never seen anybody so unhappy . ' Sir Bobby has , thankfully , since made the second life all great sportsmen crave , as an ambassador for Manchester United and the Football Association , and a voice of reason within the boardroom at Old Trafford . McCoy , almost certainly , will find a berth in racing where his expertise will be valued , no doubt with JP McManus . Yet it still wo n't be Fakenham on a wet Thursday -- it wo n't be the Weatherbys Novice Hurdle at Towcester , in which McCoy piloted his 4,000 th winner , Mountain Tunes . For an athlete at the top as McCoy has been for so long , nothing can quite compare to the thrill of competition . For McCoy , any competition . The sheer number of times he took a race on sets him apart . In 2001-02 , he rode over 1,000 times in Britain alone and since Richard Dunwoody claimed 160 winners to be crowned champion jump jockey in 1994-95 , McCoy has surpassed that total in each of his 20 seasons . There will never be another like him -- a fact he wanted to make sure of before retiring . It was important he would go to his grave unmatched . Brian Clough was relegated in his final season as manager at Nottingham Forest . Yet it is that determination , the desire for the victory no matter how small , that can not be replicated in retirement . Gary Neville is very serious about his media work and won a broadcast award given by the Royal Television Society in March . His bosses at Sky wanted him to make a fuss about it . He refused . He would n't even recognise the news on his Twitter page . It was clear he did n't feel this achievement compared to those in his playing career . Then last week , when Salford City -- the club he owns along with other members of the Class of 92 -- won Northern Premier League Division One North , Neville was all over it . Whatever McCoy 's place in the world from here , it can not compare to the thrill of the chase . That is why punters loved him , why his farewell at Sandown has long been a sell-out . This is a jockey who -- on at least two occasions -- rode winners that had drifted to 999-1 on Betfair at the midway stage . He was unseated by Family Business at Southwell in 2002 but kept watching the race and , on seeing the other four competitors variously fall or retire , remounted and won . Two years later , on the aptly named Mini Sensation at Exeter , he almost lost touch with the field with a circuit to go , before hitting the front 50 yards out . Mini Sensation had recorded eight straight losses going into that race . Paul Gascoigne -LRB- left -RRB- travelled to pitifully obscure outposts in the twilight of his career . McCoy 's wife , Chanelle , will be pleased her husband no longer risks adding to a roll call of injuries that make the longevity of his time at the top all the more remarkable -- and McCoy 's father says he no longer enjoys watching him race . Maybe , deep down , even McCoy himself wondered how long he could continue to dodge the big one -- the fall that might challenge his champion status . ` One minute you 're a world-class athlete , walking down the road , holding your head up , feeling bullet-proof , ' said Billy Schwer , former IBO light-welterweight champion , now retired . ` You 're Billy the Boxer . Then , in an instant , just Billy . ' McCoy has been trying to prepare himself for that moment all week . He turned down rides at Perth to give him the feel of spare time before sundown at Sandown . He is not looking forward to the weekend after , when he feels it will truly hit home . ` A lot of people wanted me to go to Perth , ' McCoy said , ` but if I went to Perth I could think ` why not do one more week at Punchestown ? ' A lot of days I wish I was n't doing it , that I had n't said it . But I 'm not changing my mind . I 'm too stubborn for that . ' Legendary manager Sir Alex Ferguson got out of Manchester United at the right time . He leaves having transformed his sport , having helped create four-day festivals that capture the imagination like at no time in history . He leaves having dominated for 20 years -- a feat unparalleled , setting records that will not be so much as glimpsed at a distance , let alone challenged in his lifetime . And he leaves sounding every bit as certain as Green Bay Packers quarterback Brett Favre did in 2008 , bringing the curtain down on a career of similar achievement . ` I 've given everything I can possibly give to this organisation , ' Favre said . ` I do n't think I have anything left to give . It 's over . As hard as it is for me to say , it 's over . I will wonder if I made the wrong decision . I 'm sure on Sundays I will say I could be doing that or I should be doing that . But all good things must come to an end . ' The world agreed , and wished him well . The next year , he was back .