The most popular cities in the world are often instantly recognisable thanks to their world-famous landmarks . But what would these cities look like if they did not have their prized attractions ? That 's what one studio asked its designers , and the images it received back were certainly illuminating . Scroll down for video . Without the 324m-high Eiffel Tower in Paris , the skyline looks incredibly bare and dark , which is not surprising considering it has 336 lamps illuminating it at night . The iconic tower , on the Champ de Mars , was opened in 1889 and has come to define the French capital . The Arc De Triomphe was constructed in 1806 , and is the centrepiece of Place Charles de Gaulle at the end of the champs-Élysées . The imposing monument celebrates France 's military glories and also its military heroes - tourists can climb up tot the roof for beautiful views of Paris . Virtual studio DesignCrowd invited people to submit before and after graphics of some of the most well known landscapes as we have never seen them before . Nearly 100 submissions have been created , with a number of them focusing on the 300m-high Eiffel Tower in their creations . The startling absence of the giant tower left the landscape feeling bare and flat , although it did allow for views from the Trocadéro Gardens , through to the Champ de Mars . More missing features in Paris included the impressive Arc De Triomphe . Instead of leading to the famous centrepiece , the multiple surrounding roads meet at a bare , round circle . Without the Statue of Liberty to draw boats of tourists , Liberty Island looks forlorn and barren . All that remains of the island is the paved stone where the iconic colossal neoclassical sculpture stood . The Statue of Liberty draws boats of tourists every day , but without the iconic lady , Liberty Island looks nothing special . Siena Cathedral is a medieval church in Siena , Italy that has been around since 1215 . Its spires and towers peek over the city . The River Thames looks just like any other river with the elegant Tower Bridge stretching across the waterway . The iconic Tower Bridge is featured in nearly every London tourist shop and often mistakenly referred to by visitors as London Bridge . Designers imaged what London would look like without its most photographed clocktower and Westminster Palace . The Palace of Westminster is more commonly known as the Houses of Parliament , with both the House of Commons and House of Lords based in the Gothic-style waterfront building . London 's attractions draw millions of tourists every year , but there would be a lot less photographs taken in the city if Big Ben was not a feature on the skyline . It is said to be the most photographed clock in the world , and would not be easy to remove , sitting at over 13 tons . The sunset skyline looks empty without the impressive architecture of the Palace of Westminster . The banks of River Yamuna , in Agra , look desolate with the majestic presence of the Taj Mahal . The Taj Mahal is a striking white marble mausoleum in Agra , and brings millions of tourists to the surrounding area . A certain Holy presence is missing from the skyline of Rio de Janeiro , making the normally instantly-recognisable city a little more mysterious . Christ the Redeemer overlooks all the goings on in Rio , and makes the city instantly recognisable . The Sydney Harbour stands out due to its uniquely designed opera house , which resembles the sails of a ship , without it the skyline looks like any other cluster of skyscrapers . The beautiful monastery carved out of red rock in Petra , Jordan , was originally part of a Nabataean . The rose-red Petra is Jordan 's most prized tourist attraction , and hopefully , being a UNESCO World Heritage Site , will never disappear . Machu Picchu was only rediscovered by western travellers in 1911 , leading to the site being excavated and becoming a tourist attraction . The ruins at the Inca settlement of Machu Picchu in Peru have made the area a bucket list favourite . Niagara Falls without the falls is a dry , barren hole , and would not attract the 12 million annual visitors it does today . On the border of the US and Canada , Niagara Falls is actually made up of three separate waterfalls . The designs also featured landmarks outside of typical city backdrops . Without the tumbling 51-metre-high Niagara Falls , the area left behind would not pull the 12 million annual visitors that it sees every year . While the Andes are an incredible sight by themselves , iconic pictures with the ruins at the Incan settlement of Machu Picchu , have made the area a bucket list favourite . Standing at 68m , the Obelisk of Buenos Aires would be missed from the urban landscape behind if it were removed . The Four Face Sculptures of late Presidents on Mount Rushmore have vanished , leaving behind just another normal rockface . Mount Rushmore would be unrecognisable without the presidential presence which has been in place since the carvings were completed between 1934 and 1939 .