It was the sort of training ground accident that can happen to anyone , but it had far-reaching consequences for Philipp Lahm . So too , indirectly , for Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt . Lahm 's tackle on a team-mate at Bayern Munich 's training ground on the outskirts of the city appeared innocuous enough , until a scream of pain pierced the morning air and a frantic wave signalled he was in trouble . As players milled round him , and a physio inspected the damage , the call went out for expert medical help . There was n't any . To the dismay of Pep Guardiola , there was n't a single qualified doctor on site . Bayern Munich doctor Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt quit this week after a reported rift with Pep Guardiola . The pair fell out over an injury to Philipp Lahm during training as early as November last year . As Lahm lay on the turf with what was later diagnosed as a broken ankle , the physio tended to him as best he could , while an ambulance was summoned to take him to a local hospital . Muller-Wohlfahrt , meanwhile , was at his city centre clinic , nearly eight miles away . It was last November , and from that day on , the 72-year-old 's days as head of Bayern 's medical department were numbered . They finally ended after Bayern 's Champions ' League defeat at Porto , when Guardiola went public with his displeasure over recovery rates for injured players by blaming a lengthening injury list for his side 's quarter-final first-leg demise . It was more than the world-renowned specialist could stomach , and he promptly walked away from the Bundesliga champions for a second time , taking the rest of his staff with him . He quit in high dudgeon once before , after a fall-out with Jurgen Klinsmann , but there will be no coming back this time . Not as long as Guardiola holds the reins . And that may just be for quite a while yet . The Bayern boss is aware Manchester City long to install him as replacement for Manuel Pellegrini , even if it means waiting another 12 months for his contract to expire , but the latest ructions at The Allianz Arena have evidently done nothing to increase their chances . Bayern doctor Muller-Wohlfahrt is a world-renowned specialist and quit after Guardiola 's injury complaints . The 72-year-old had been at Bayern for almost 40 years but is now unlikely to return to the Bundesliga club . Unseemly though his undermining of Muller-Wohlfahrt may have been , there was only ever going to be one winner . And , by all accounts , when his hand was raised in triumph , it strengthened his hold on power like never before . Dispiritingly for City , the former Barcelona manager reaffirmed , at his Friday press conference , that he will ` for sure ' honour the remaining year on his contract , ruling out any hope of a deal being struck with Etihad bosses this summer . Beyond that , he could even commit himself to a further spell in charge , according to a Bayern insider , who told Sportsmail : ` There is no question that Bayern will do absolutely everything in their power to persuade Guardiola to sign another contract . ` There will be negotiations after the season is finished , and there is an air of confidence within the club that he will agree . It is far from certain , but , interestingly , the departure of Muller-Wohlfahrt makes it more probable , rather than less so . Muller-Wohlfahrt -LRB- fourth from left -RRB- sits behind Pep Guardiola during the defeat by Porto this week . Manchester City long to bring in Guardiola to replace Manuel Pellegrini but they may have to wait for him . ` That was a problem , because they had many disagreements over the treatment of injured players . Now he has gone , Guardiola is in a stronger position than ever . That is clear , because when Muller - Wohlfahrt said he was leaving , the club made no attempt to talk him out of it . They simply accepted it and said thanks very much . ` Pep has got his own way again , and that could play a part when they sit down in the summer to discuss a new deal . ' So what went wrong between them ? How could it be that a vastly - experienced and hugely-respected surgeon with a track record for rescuing stellar careers imperilled by injury failed to meet Guardiola 's requirements as club doctor ? Certainly , availability was a major issue . Sportsmail has learned that one of Guardiola 's stipulations , after taking over from Jupp Heynckes , was that the club doctor should be at the training ground every single time the players were there . Dante , Sebastian Rode , Lahm and Robert Lewandowski -LRB- L-R -RRB- trudge off the pitch after defeat in Porto . Muller-Wohlfahrt has worked with the German national team as well as athletes including Usain Bolt . Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt has often courted controversy with his methods . He claims that a substance called Hyalart , which is extracted from the crest of cockerels , helps lubricate knee injuries and take away pain . He also swears by Actovegin , an amino acid preparation derived from calves ' blood . In 2009 , he prescribed more than 50 injections of goat 's blood to St Johnstone striker Peter MacDonald for his hamstring injury . Among those to have been treated by him are Ronaldo , Usain Bolt , Michael Owen and Jose Maria Olazabal . Muller-Wohlfahrt claims to have administered more than one million injections , at least half of which have been to athletes . A stickler for detail , he wanted to ensure any mishap could be dealt with expertly at a moment 's notice and made it clear it was an instruction to be adhered to by Muller-Wohlfahrt . It placed club bosses in a quandary , not for the last time , as Muller-Wohlfahrt pointed out he had a steady stream of high-profile patients to his city centre practice , not least the likes of Usain Bolt , and that he could ill-afford to desert his post to spend day after day at the club 's training facility . Irked by Muller-Wohlfahrt 's defiance , it soon became apparent to Guardiola that they were diametrically opposed when it came to policy over ushering players back from injury . In a nutshell , Guardiola wanted players declared fit and pencilled in for selection as rapidly as possible , whereas care and caution were the key words for Muller-Wohlfahrt . It drove Guardiola to distraction , according to the club insider , who said : ` Pep has never been the most patient about players ' recovery time . If there is an injury , he expects it to clear up . He wants the players back on the pitch , but it was n't happening . ` Muller-Wohlfahrt is the opposite . He takes the view that you have to be patient and allow the healing process to take its course . He wants a player to be in perfect condition when he returns and argues that rushing people back runs the risk of a fresh injury . Really , it 's no wonder they were at loggerheads . ' Guardiola wanted players declared fit as rapidly as possible , but Muller-Wohlfahrt wanted care and caution . Muller-Wohlfahrt prescribed a course of action for a nagging injury to Thiago Alcantara but was overruled . As a further insight into the core differences between the pair , Muller-Wohlfahrt prescribed a specific course of action for a nagging injury to Thiago Alcantara but was overruled . The midfielder suffered damage to the same area of his knee three times in quick succession , and Muller-Wohlfahrt was adamant he should attend the veteran medic 's clinic in Colorado for specialised treatment . Guardiola was having none of it and , instead , arranged for Thiago to undergo treatment in Barcelona , where , to Muller-Wohlfahrt 's exasperation , surgery was followed by recuperation and an eventual return to the Bayern squad . Usain Bolt was one of many athletes to benefit from Muller-Wohlfahrt 's treatment at the London Olympics . Guardiola is now in the strongest position he has ever been at Bayern and he could agree a new deal there . If protesting to the Bayern boss was futile , trying to appeal to Thiago was just as pointless . His agent is none other than Guardiola 's brother , Pere . The odds were stacked ever-higher against Muller-Wohlfahrt , and his resignation on Friday morning was merely confirmation the Guardiola empire is not about to be overthrown . City must now wait to see if the Spaniard 's Bavarian rule is about to be extended , as forecast with growing confidence in Munich circles .