Alarming footage has surfaced of a crowd of street racers threatening the police officers who rescued their friends from a serious crash . Captured at a known hoon hotspot in Yatala on the Gold Coast , the body cam vision shows the officers saving several victims from inside a flipped Holden Commodore despite the threat of smouldering flames on the car . A 20-year-old man has been charged with a medley of offences after he flipped the vehicle on Saturday night in an intense police chase that left one passenger with a broken neck . Officers can be seen extinguishing the flames and administering first aid as they wait for paramedics to transport the injured victims to hospital , according to 9 News . Police rescue victims from a flipped Holden Commodore after a dramatic police chase over the weekend that ended in a serious crash . One woman claiming to be a passenger in the car desperately pleads with police to save her boyfriend , who is trapped inside . ` Get my boyfriend out ! ' ` We 've got the ambulance coming ok ? ' the officer says . ` Just stay with us . ' But rather than gratitude , some friends of the injured can later be heard threatening police . ` Take off your badge , let 's go , come on ' says a shirtless man who appears to be in in his 20s as his friends struggle to hold him back . A 19-year-old was hospitalised with a broken neck , along with the driver , 20 , and another 17-year-old passenger , both of whom suffered bruising and shock . The vision was captured at a known hoon-hotspot in Yatala on the Gold Coast , where police were alerted after spotting a driver doing burnouts . Rather than gratitude , this young man can be heard threatening the very officers who rescued his friends . Paramedics transport the injured victims to hospital . 19-year-old was hospitalised with a broken neck , along with the driver , 20 , and another 17-year-old passenger , both of whom suffered bruising and shock . Police later discovered the vehicle was not even registered and the driver did not hold a valid licence . ` They 're there risking their own life , dousing this car with the fire extinguisher ... later to find that the car was unregistered , that the driver was disqualified and the car was unroadworthy , ' Superintendent Jim Keogh told 9 News . ` On this occasion , certainly we were lucky to avoid someone getting killed . ' One woman claiming to be a passenger in the car desperately pleads with police to save her boyfriend , who is trapped inside . Officers can be seen extinguishing the flames and administering first aid as they wait for paramedics . Police allege Zayne Robert Dalton , 20 , was doing burnouts on the main road before mounting the kerb and swerving around an officer in an effort to evade them . A police helicopter monitoring the Commodore captured the vehicle running a red light , before crashing into a pole , flipping onto its roof and catching ablaze . Dalton was granted bail in Beenleigh Magistrates Court on Monday . Police allege the driver Zayne Robert Dalton , 20 , was doing burnouts on the main road before mounting the kerb and swerving around an officer in an effort to evade them . He was charged with multiple offences on Sunday including driving a defective , unregistered and uninsured vehicle , urinating in a public place and failing to stop for police . He was charged with multiple offences on Sunday including driving a defective , unregistered and uninsured vehicle , urinating in a public place and failing to stop for police . Dalton was later slapped with two more charges : dangerous operation of a motor vehicle causing grievous bodily harm and unlicensed driving . These fresh charges meant he fronted court again on Tuesday morning . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .