For decades , sheds have a been a place that men build at the bottom of the garden so they have a place to be alone . In the book ` Men and Sheds , ' the author Gordon Thorburn called the wooden buildings a `` male necessity '' - somewhere were they could do some woodwork , pot some plants or even just read the newspaper in peace . But now the female sex and demanding a place at the bottom of the garden to call their own - a she shed . Scroll down for video . More and more women are demanding their own ` she sheds ' , places at the bottom of the garden they can call their own . As everyday life gets every more stressful and homes get smaller , women are also looking to the single-storey structures as a safe haven . But while most men might be content with a leaky old shack made of rotting timber , female customers are looking for a home away from home . They are commissioning sheds in a range of styles from beach huts and gypsy caravans to mock Tudor pavilions with tiled floors . Instead of a few upturned apple boxes and an old wireless , the new she sheds are being decked out with Moroccan rugs , cushions , chandeliers and coffee tables . Some have gone one step further and installed a diner in theirs , complete with working jukebox and fifties-style restaurant booths . Fancy a ` she shed ' of your own ? Read on for some inspiration ... The owner of this shed has taken inspiration from the seaside , creating a beach hut-type style . This ` she shed ' is extremely spacious and could entertain a number of people without feeling cramped . This shed owner has added numerous grand touches to their abode , including ornamental lions , ornate curtains and a candelabra . This quaint gypsy-style caravan has gone for the light and airy touch , with some bright furnishings inside . With a jukebox , fridge , popcorn maker and bar ... the owner of this shed never needs to go back into their main home . This she shed owner has gone for the Olde English Garden touch with their thatched rood and Union Jack bunting . This pagoda-style shed has taken inspiration from The Orient . This kooky garden shed appears to have taken inspiration from Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat . This shed has more soft furnishings in it than a lot of living rooms in proper houses . This shed has brought a splash of Arabian colour to an English back garden .