Supermodel Liya Kebede has become the first black woman to grace the cover of Vogue in five years . The 39-year-old Ethiopian-born stunner fronts Vogue Paris 's upcoming May issue , before Mrs Kebede , the last black woman to cover Vogue Paris was model Rose Cordero in March 2010 . In January of this year , British Vogue ended a 12-year run of failing to use a single woman of colour on its cover when it gave Jourdan Dunn the prized accolade . Supermodel Liya Kebede has become the first black woman to grace the cover of Vogue in five years . Dior Spring '15 Couture . Click to check out the Dior site here . Visit site . Liya Kebede has been making news as the first black woman to grace Vogue Paris ' cover in five years and she certainly dressed up for the occasion . The supermodel rocked a color block geometric print jumpsuit from Dior 's spring couture line with a pair of killer black boots with a perspex heel . This jumpsuit has seriously caught our eye - in that statement print you 'll be sure to stand out at any event - be it a festival or beach break . This jumpsuit is unavailable to buy online , but that does n't we ca n't be Vogue worthy in a similar abstract print romper ! Just head to our edit below for our fave printed picks from ASOS , Jaded London and more . Go all out and team yours with towering platforms and big hair a la Liya . And if you 're feeling festively - you can never have too much face glitter going on ! Mara Hoffman jumpsuit at Net A Porter . Visit site . Foxiedox crepe Bianca jumpsuit at Nasty Gal -LRB- now reduced to $ 68.60 -RRB- . Visit site . Jaded London sleeveless unitard in feather festival print at ASOS . Visit site . Boohoo Ellie ethnic jumpsuit . Visit site . Mrs Kebede , who posed for Vogue in a colourful geometric ensemble amid a crimson backdrop , was discovered in Ethiopia as a teen , and moved to Paris and then New York , where she carved out a successful modelling career . In part , she has Vogue Paris to thank for her meteoric rise to fame , after it put her on its May cover in 2002 and dedicated the entire issue to her . Mrs Kebede has been married to Ethiopian hedge fund manager Kassy Kebede for 15 years , and has two children with him , Suhul , 14 , and Raee , ten . American Vogue has been leagues ahead on pushing diversity at the newsstands , having featured more black cover stars in 2014 than it ever has before in a single year . Four stars - Rihanna , Lupita Nyong ` o , Joan Smalls and Kanye West - appeared on its covers last year out of a total of 15 overall , the rest of whom were white . The 39-year-old Ethiopian-born beauty , pictured with her husband and kids , fronts Vogue Paris ' upcoming May issue . In January , Jourdan Dunn became the first black model to cover British Vogue in 12 years -LRB- left -RRB- , while the last woman of colour before Mrs Kebede to cover Vogue Paris was Rose Cordero in March 2010 -LRB- right -RRB- . It 's certainly an improvement . In 2010 , when Halle Berry fronted Vogue 's most important volume of the year - the September issue - she became the first woman of colour to do so since Naomi Campbell in 1989 . Earlier this year , The Fashion Spot assessed 44 major print publications across the globe to determine which magazines did and did not feature models from a minority background on their cover at some point in 2014 . American Vogue featured more black cover stars in 2014 than it ever has before in a single year , including Rihanna in March -LRB- right -RRB- and Lupita Nyong ' o in July -LRB- left -RRB- . According to The Fashion Spot , white models were chosen as cover stars nearly five times as often as non-white women -LRB- pictured -RRB- . White models were found to appear 567 times out of 611 total covers , while people of colour made the cut just 119 times , nearly five times less overall . Harper 's Bazaar U.S. and UK , Vogue UK , Vogue Netherlands , Vogue Paris , Vogue Ukraine , Vogue Russia , Teen Vogue , Numéro , LOVE and Porter all failed to use a single woman of minority on their covers at all in 2014 . Only time will tell whether Vogue will continue to lead the way in including a wider range of ethnicities on its covers in 2015 , and whether the rest of the fashion world will follow .