Shocking surveillance footage shows a mob using a hammer , a rocking chair leg and Mace as they beat a homeless man into a coma during a suspected act of revenge . The video taken in the forecourt of the Sunoco gas station on North 5th Street in Philadelphia shows five people , including two children , storming out of a minivan and attacking the helpless 51-year-old . One of the group takes out Mace as the man is brought to the ground . They then stamp on his head and continue punching him as he lies motionless . The encounter is believed to have been caused by a 10-year-old boy telling his mother the homeless man hit him - an allegation police have found no evidence of during their investigation . The video taken in the forecourt of the Sunoco gas station on North 5th Street in Philadelphia shows five people , including two children , storming out of a minivan and attacking the helpless 51-year-old . The encounter is believed to have been caused by a 10-year-old boy telling his mother the homeless man hit him . The youngster accused the man of jockeying with him while asking to fill motorist 's tanks for spare change . At the end of the video he is brought out of the car so he can look at the injuries inflicted on the victim , as he lies bloodied on the floor . The boy 's mother , 34-year-old Aleathea Gillard , allegedly used the rocking chair leg while close family friend , Shareena Joachim , 24 , is said to have carried the Mace . The pair were arrested and charged with attempted murder and related crimes . Lieutenant Dan Brooks of Northwest Detectives said : ` Just watching , you see the viciousness of it . ' Police found the minivan outside Einstein Medical Center - where the victim had been taken - shortly after the attack , with Gillard and Joachim inside . Philadelphia police are still looking for the remaining suspects and have asked the public for information . One of the group takes out pepper spray as the man is brought to the ground while another -LRB- center -RRB- brings a rocking chair leg over . They continue to visciously beat the man as he lies helpless on the ground . Some of the attackers return to the car , but others stamp the motionless man 's head . One of the women then brings the boy who accused the man of hitting him over to see the injuries they have inflicted on the man . The boy 's mother , 34-year-old Aleathea Gillard -LRB- mugshot left -RRB- , allegedly used the rocking chair leg while close family friend , Shareena Joachim , 24 , -LRB- mugshot right -RRB- is said to have carried the Mace . The pair have been arrested on multiple charges including attempted murder .