A defence of his crown will be a priority for Grand National hero Many Clouds next season , and trainer Oliver Sherwood has also floated the possibility of a rematch with his Cheltenham Gold Cup conqueror Coneygree in Newbury 's Hennessy Gold Cup . That race in November has already been identified as a likely target for Coneygree and , even allowing for a rise in his handicap mark , Many Clouds would receive weight from his rival . With 11st 9 lb on his back , Leighton Aspell 's mount carried the biggest weight to victory on Saturday since Red Rum won his second National in 1974 at under 12st . Many Clouds , winner of Saturday 's Grand National , is shown off during a parade in Lambourn on Sunday . Fans line the streets to pay their well-wishes to the Grand National winning horse . Has AP McCoy finally found his nemesis in Oliver Sherwood ? Trainer Sherwood , a Chelsea supporter , and Arsenal fan McCoy have had a regular bet on whose team will finish highest in the Premier League . Sherwood , who ensured the retiring McCoy did not sign off with Grand National glory , said : ` We have had double or quits , but I have never had to give him anything ! ' Sherwood 's desire to return to the National with Many Clouds -- the 2014 Hennessy winner who also came sixth in the Gold Cup -- rather than prioritise the Gold Cup , is influenced by the fact that with a weight ceiling of 11st 10 lb , the gelding will have to carry only an extra pound . Sherwood said : ` He has nothing to lose by going for the Gold Cup as there is no point me protecting his handicap mark over hurdles . But , having said that , and having seen all the novices that Willie Mullins has , we might just train him for the National and if Coneygree goes for the Hennessy , it would be a very interesting option . ' The training centre of Lambourn in Berkshire was packed on Sunday to welcome its first winner of the £ 1million Crabbie 's - sponsored race since Jenny Pitman 's Royal Athlete 20 years ago . Among the well-wishers at Sherwood 's Rhonehurst stable , where 1938 National winner Battleship was trained , were Flat trainers Charlie Hills and Jamie Osborne as well as Sherwood 's brother Simon , best known as one of the jockeys to ride the great Desert Orchid . Aspell , the first to ride back-to-back winners on different horses since the 1950s , having landed the race 12 months ago on Pineau de Re , was in action at Market Rasen , where he was unplaced in one ride , but Many Clouds owner Trevor Hemmings , who also owns the Blackpool Tower and Preston North End , as well as a third Grand National winner that he bought for only € 6,000 -LRB- £ 4,350 -RRB- , flew in by helicopter from his Isle Of Man home . Many Clouds held his nerve over the closing stages ahead of AP McCoy who was riding Shutthefrontdoor . Winning jockey Leighton Aspell -LRB- left -RRB- and Many Clouds owner Trevor Hemmings -LRB- right -RRB- celebrate after victory . The resurgent Sherwood , eighth as a jockey on Venture To Cognac in Corbiere 's 1983 National , had saddled four previous National runners but none had finished . He joked : ` My record was s *** -- it could only get better . ' Fifth-placed Shutthefrontdoor will also be looking to return to Aintree next year , but not , of course , his jockey AP McCoy . He is expected to return to action at Cheltenham on Wednesday and now has only 11 possible racing days until he retires after Sandown 's seasonal finale meeting on April 25 . One of the most memorable sights at Saturday 's race was Ruby Walsh becoming a temporary flag man to help wave the field around the Canal Turn on the second circuit . Balthazar King , who was down on the landing side of that fence , suffered broken ribs and a punctured lung but was showing good signs of recovery on Sunday . Leighton Aspell , right , celebrates after winning the Grand National horse race aboard Many Clouds . Oliver Sherwood celebrates a victory for Many Clouds and has already turned his attentions to next year . Two horses died at the meeting , Warren Greatrex 's Seedling on Saturday and Alan King 's Grade One winner Balder Succes , was put down on Sunday because of injuries sustained in a fall in Friday 's Melling Chase . But a third National with no fatalities since the fences were given softer cores is proof that welfare changes have made a difference to the track . That is underlined by the fact that in that time , in all races over the fences , there have been 395 runners and only one horse has suffered fatal injuries as a result of a fall .