Manchester Airport bosses are investigating after passengers on a Ryanair flight were allowed to walk through a deserted passport control unchecked . Holidaymakers onboard the delayed flight from Madrid to Manchester had been due to land at 11.25 pm on Friday . But by the time they finally arrived three hours later , they disembarked to find an empty arrivals hall at Terminal 3 . Scroll down for video . Passengers from the delayed Ryanair flight from Madrid to Manchester were able to simply walk past empty security cubicles . Passengers claim they were not asked for their passport or any other documents but were able to simply stroll past the empty security cubicles . Schoolteacher Clinton Lakin , 46 , told the Daily Mirror : ` Every passenger on that plane walked through without a passport check in Britain . ` The only passport check was done at Madrid Airport . ` My concern is we still have the Ebola crisis in Africa and any one of those people who were coming in via Madrid could have been travelling from places where potentially Ebola could have been passed on , ' he added . ` And also there is the fact that anybody is walking into the country . You are told that your taxes go to protecting UK borders . ' Border Force claim that a number of passengers were checked by officers on their arrival into Manchester Airport . The agency said that anyone not assessed at the airport had been subsequently checked on their systems . Far from being a one-off , a former airport worker , who would not be named , claimed arriving passengers are frequently unchecked . He even claimed that on one occasion , the border agent manning the passport kiosk and making decisions on passenger entry was actually an illegal immigrant . Holidaymakers were not asked for documents but were allowed to walk through a deserted passport control unchecked . Schoolteacher Clinton Lakin , 46 , called the lack of security ludicrous and said ` Every passenger on that plane walked through without a passport check in Britain . ` The only passport check was done at Madrid Airport ' Mr Lakin , from Stoke on Trent , Staffordshire , called the lack of security ` ludicrous . ' ` If your plane is delayed and it is that time of night and the airport is closed , then you can just walk into the country , anybody , 130 people . ` Nobody was there , no checks were made . It just seems ludicrous . ' ` I did not see a single member of airport staff once we got into the building until we got through to where Costa Coffee is in the arrivals . ` I wanted to report to somebody in the airport that there had been this breach of security . ' Manchester Airport said it was down to the airline or its handling agent to inform UK Border Force of their arrivals . But Ryanair said the airline had attempted to update security at the airport of the plane 's arrival at its usual 30-minute intervals but had been unable to do so due to a malfunction of the airport 's operating systems . Deserted : Passengers are left to make their own way out of the empty terminal at Manchester Airport . Mr Lakin claimed he did not see a ` single member of airport staff ' until he got through to the arrivals lounge . A spokesman said : ` All regular operating procedures were followed and the flight times were updated approximately every 30 minutes . ` There appears to have been a malfunction in the airport 's system , which caused incorrect flight information to be published , and subsequently resulted in this issue at border control . We have asked Manchester Airport to look into this matter and ensure it does not recur . ' However , the airport said its system ` operated as normal on the night in question . ' The Home Office confirmed the Border Force Agency is investigating the incident but added it was the legal responsibility of the airline or handling company to advise them when inbound flights arrive and to present the passengers to their officers . ` We are currently carrying out an investigation into this incident , ' a spokesman added . A Manchester Airport spokesman said : ` It is the responsibility of an airline 's handling agent to notify UK Border Force about arrivals from outside of the UK - not the airport . ` By them doing this in advance of a flight 's arrival , ensures the relevant UKBF staff is in place to handle the immigration process . ` We are continuing to work with our partners to investigate the situation but can confirm the airport 's system operated as normal on the night in question . ' A Manchester Airport spokesman said it is the responsibility of the airline 's handling agent to notify UK Border Force about arrivals from outside of the UK . Border Force claim that a number of passengers were checked by officers on their arrival into Manchester Airport -LRB- pictured -RRB- .