Big Brother star Pete Bennett , who won the TV programme in 2006 , has revealed he is now homeless . The 33 year old from Brighton 's life went rapidly downhill after he finished first in the seventh series of the Channel 4 show nine years ago . Despite being given £ 100,000 of prize money and releasing a successful autobiography , Pete is now broke and living off the charity of friends . Scroll down for video . Pete Bennett appeared on Jeremy Kyle today to reveal that he is now homeless . Speaking on the Jeremy Kyle show today , the star revealed that he does n't have a roof over his head and spends each night sofa surfing . He believes that finding fame on Big Brother kick started a range of problems that led to a dependency on the Class B drug ketamine . He said : ` I had all of that money and I did n't know what to do with it -- I put it on the wrong things . ` The fame pushed me in a way that I did n't want to go . ' Pete 's entry picture for Big Brother . Pete continued : ` I first got into drugs 15 years ago , I 've always been the last man standing at a party but then I became addicted to ketamine . ` I could n't go out without doing it . It became a habit and I did it every day . ` I could n't go anywhere without getting given stuff . I do n't want to know how much I spent on it . ' It is an issue that has also affected many of his friends - in the last nine years since becoming famous , seven of his friends have died from drug-related incidents . Pete 's drug addiction was n't his only problem though - he believes that his appearance on the reality show meant that he found it impossible to get a job or being taken seriously for his music after he left the house . He said : ` The work dried up pretty fast . No one would touch me with a barge pole because I was on Big Brother . ` When I left the house I was led down the garden path with a lot of things . ` I felt like I was not being allowed to do what I wanted - I was a puppet . ' Pete Bennett leaves the Big Brother House as the winner during the final of Big Brother Seven on August 18 , 2006 . Although Pete has had a tumultuous time since leaving the house , one area where he has made great strides is overcoming his Tourette 's Syndrome . The star claims that when he was younger , he had one of the worst cases of the condition in Europe . On the show , he would involuntarily hit his throat , twitch and shout out swear words , particularly the word ` w ***** s ' . But during his appearance on Jeremy Kyle , Pete 's behaviour was far more controlled . Although he had the occasional twitch and still appeared quite hyperactive , he held back from shouting out any unplanned words . Unfortunately , as well as he battle with drugs , Pete 's personal life and career prospects have also been marred with difficulty over the last nine years . A week before he left the Big Brother house in August 2006 , Pete started an ill-fate relationship with fellow contestant Nikki Grahame but it quickly fizzled out . A month later Nikki revealed that Pete had called time on the romance . Nikki Grahame and Pete arrive for the National Television Awards in 2006 . The couple started a relationship after leaving the Big Brother house . Pete at a signing of his book in November 2006 . Pete then started dating one of his good friends , Gemma Costin , better known as Cherry , who he 'd had a secret crush on for three years . The pair continued to date for eight years before marrying in a fake ceremony at Glastonbury festival in 2011 , before sealing the deal with an official ceremony on the reality show Four Weddings in early 2014 . But last September he revealed in a Facebook post that they were getting divorced after just six months of marriage . After years of running from his problems by getting high on drugs , Pete finally decided to seek proper help by getting in contact with a drugs counselor a few years ago . He said : ` You do n't know you 're out of control until it suddenly hits you . ` When I went to get proper help for my addiction , this drug worker started to ask me about loss and I talked to him about all of the friends I 'd had who died . ` I had n't been dealing with it . I was dealing with it by taking Ketamine and not dealing with it . ` I had to deal with my friends deaths and that 's what got me off the Ketamine . ' Pete at the opening night of Glastonbury last year . Since getting clean , Pete admits that he has relapsed but states that he is now back on track . He said : ' I took Ketamine again and I relapsed but I hated it , I did n't like being disassociated . ` I like being here now and being able to chat to people . I 'm living my life now the best I can . ` I 'm not Perfect Pete anymore , I 'm just Pete . ' The star is now trying to get his life back together and is attempting to make his name as an actor . He said : ` I do wish I 'd done things differently but I 've got a plan . ` I 've got into acting , I 'm doing loads of films and working my way up the ladder . ` My Tourette 's has calmed down so I thought , why not give it a chance . We have to start somewhere . ` I 've got my eye on Hollywood . '