Andrew Sadek 's body was found in a river with a bullet to the head nearly two months after going missing in may 2014 . Nearly a year after North Dakota college student Andrew Sadek 's body was found in a river with a bullet in the head , his mother still struggles with how her shy son who liked to bowl and belonged to a club of electricity enthusiasts got mixed up in the dangerous world of illegal drugs . Tammy Sadek believes the answer is that her 20-year-old son signed his own death warrant when he agreed to become a confidential informant for police after they caught him selling marijuana . Authorities say he knew what he was getting into and agreed to help them of his own free will . Still , people who knew Sadek are shocked by what happened . ` He was a gentle soul , ' said Kristi Brandt , principal of Valley City High School , from which Sadek graduated . Investigators have n't concluded whether Sadek was slain or killed himself . Adding to the mystery , a gun that fires the same caliber bullet that killed Sadek is missing from their family farm near the tiny town of Rogers . An autopsy concluded that Sadek died of the gunshot wound , and that he had no drugs or alcohol in his system . How his body ended up in the Red River has not been explained and no gun was found . An investigative report from two-and-half months ago said the drug task force which recruited Sadek acted appropriately . But his death is raising questions about the use of young , low-level drug offenders as confidential informants and if they should they be given more detailed information about the dangers . Sadek had been working with a drug task force as a confidential informant after he was caught selling marijuana on campus in 2013 . His mother , Tammy Sadek believes that he signed his death warrant when he began working for the force . The circumstances surrounding the death of Sadek , who was a second-year student at the State College of Science , still remain unknown . American Civil Liberties Union spokeswoman Jennifer Cook said informants are doing a dangerous part of law enforcement , without the training . ` The safety risks associated with informant use can far outweigh the benefits , ' she said . Sadek was a second-year electrical technician student at the State College of Science , a two-year community college in the southeastern North Dakota city of Wahpeton where about 3,600 students study everything from diesel technology to performing arts . He enjoyed lake activities and golfing in addition to bowling and electrical work while growing up on the family farm . Brandt said Sadek was never a troublemaker in high school , and was always polite and respectful of authority . She doubted his nature changed much in college . ` Sometimes there are changes , but usually it 's more on the level of a maturity change , not necessarily a personality change , ' she said . He wanted an electrical technician master 's degree , but his plans began to go awry in April 2013 when he twice sold marijuana to a confidential informant . Both transactions were small - for a total of $ 80 worth of drugs - but they took place on campus , making them serious felonies . In November 2013 , agents with the Southeast Multi-County Agency Drug Task Force searched Sadek 's dorm room and said they found a grinder containing marijuana residue . Though investigators have not found the weapon or made arrests in Sadek 's death , his mother Tammy believes he would not have killed himself . The next day , Sadek - facing the prospect of drug charges that could land him in prison for 41 years - completed paperwork to become a confidential informant . The attraction of cooperating with authorities is that it offers the chance to keep a felony off the record of a young person , said Wahpeton Police Chief Scott Thorsteinson . Richland County Deputy Sheriff Jason Weber , now the interim task force supervisor , wo n't say whether Sadek was specifically told of the dangerous nature of the work he would be doing . The document that Sadek signed to become a confidential informant did not explicitly state the potential risks . Drug investigators need to be more explicit about those dangers , said Jim Harrington , director of the Texas Civil Rights Project . ` You have to really say , `` This is the risk : You 're entering a world that 's dangerous , and you might end up dead , '' ' Harrington said . Sadek bought drugs three times for the regional task force over the next three months , one short of the four purchases required of him . Officials have said that confidential drug informants , who are often young and low-level drug offenders , need to be more educated of the dangers that come with the job . A security camera videotaped Sadek leaving his dormitory early on May 1 , 2014 . He was n't seen again . His body was found in the river about two months later . Authorities estimate that he had died two days after he disappeared . Officials with the North and South Dakota state crime bureaus and a Cass County sheriff 's detective reviewed the task force 's involvement with Sadek and said in their late January report that they ` did not see anything that caused concern . ' ` That 's how drug task forces work all over the world , ' said Weber , the task force supervisor . ` You 're always constantly trying to find the bigger person and go to that person 's supplier . ' But Tammy Sadek believes that even though the probe was billed as independent , members of the law enforcement community ` have each other 's back ' . She has a point , according to John Burton , a California attorney and vice president of the National Police Accountability Project . Colleges have faced scrutiny for allowing police to use students as confidential informants , while Sadek 's mother has questioned whether officers pressured her son . ` It 's just a charade when they do these things , ' Burton said of law enforcement agencies investigating one another . U.S. Justice Department guidelines state that authorities should consider the risk of harm to a potential l informant , but do not say that the person should be informed of the risks . North Dakota Attorney General 's Office spokeswoman Liz Brocker declined to comment on any policies or procedures that might be in place for drug task forces in the state . Los Angeles-based Loyola Law School professor Alexandra Natapoff said the use of criminal informants ` is almost entirely unregulated ' across the country , though that is beginning to change . The Florida Legislature in 2009 passed ` Rachel 's Law , ' requiring police to adopt policies to protect informants , after 23-year-old Rachel Hoffman was shot to death in 2008 while working as an informant . That law is ` only the beginning of the protections that we need for young , vulnerable informants , ' Natapoff said . Tammy Sadek believes her son was scared into becoming a confidential informant . She 's started a Justice for Andrew Sadek Facebook page that has more than 3,200 likes . ` I would like to see -LRB- task forces -RRB- stop using kids , ' she said . ` I know it 's common , but these are just little fish . '