Harry Kane scored his 30th goal in all competitions for Tottenham this season on Sunday and the PFA Player of the Year nominee tops this week 's EA Sports ' Performance Index after another intriguing round of Premier League action . Kane , who is also nominated for the PFA Young Player of the Year award , netted Spurs ' third in their 3-1 win at Newcastle United at the weekend . The 21-year-old , who has now scored 20 Premier League goals in his breakthrough season with Tottenham , earned a Game Index score of 55.1 following his display at St. James ' Park . Harry Kane tops tops this week 's EA Sports ' Performance Index as the Premier League 's best player . Kane scored his 30th goal of the season for Tottenham on Sunday in their 3-1 win at Newcastle United . Kane 's Tottenham team-mate Christian Erisken -LRB- right -RRB- sits third in the rankings after scoring vs Newcastle . Chelsea star Eden Hazard -LRB- centre -RRB- sandwiches the pair after scoring the winner against Manchester United . With the England international top of the pile , he is followed by club team-mate Christian Eriksen - who also enjoyed a positive performance against the lowly Magpies . Eriksen , who was also on the scoresheet for Mauricio Pochettino 's side is second in the Index rankings with a score of 42 . Chelsea star Eden Hazard completes the top three with a Game Index score of 38.5 - after proving the Blues ' matchwinner in their 1-0 win over top four rivals Manchester United on Saturday evening . Despite being on the losing team vs Stoke , Southampton midfielder Morgan Schneiderlin -LRB- right -RRB- is on the list . The EA Sports PPI is the official player rating index of the Premier League . It measures a player 's contribution to the success of his team . The intention is to remove any opinion bias and only work with proven statistical measurements which become more accurate as the season progresses . So , what are the six indices ? 1 . Winning performance . 2 . Player 's performance per match . 3 . Appearances . 4 . Goals scored . 5 . Assists . 6 . Clean sheets . In a list that is heavily populated by Tottenham players , White Hart Lane 's Nacer Chadli is fourth in the standings with a score of 35.3 after opening the scoring in their victory at Newcastle . Leicester 's Andy King -LRB- 34.4 -RRB- , Manchester City 's Jesus Navas -LRB- 33.3 -RRB- and Southampton 's Morgan Schneiderlin -LRB- 33.2 -RRB- sit fifth , sixth and seventh respectively after all playing a role in their team 's goals at the weekend . Sergio Aguero , who scored City 's second in a 2-0 win over West Ham courtesy of Navas ' assist , is eighth with a score of 32.8 . Leicester veteran Esteban Cambiasso -LRB- 31.8 -RRB- who won seven tackles during their 2-0 win over Swansea and West Brom midfielder James Morrison -LRB- 31.7 -RRB- , who headed home their opener in a 2-0 triumph at Crystal Palace , complete the top 10 . Leicester midfielder Esteban Cambiasso -LRB- front -RRB- makes the top 10 after winning seven tackles vs Swansea .