From the outside , Anand Iyer seemed to have it all . A wife , an adorable two-year-old daughter , and a six-figure salary job with a leading tech company in San Francisco that he loved . But apparently the dream combination is not so perfect . The 36-year-old quit his job to be a house-husband - and now he could n't be happier . Packed it in : Anand Iyer worked for fashion site Threadflip , but ditched his job to spent time at home . Speaking to Yahoo Parenting , he said : ` I started to ask myself , `` What am I working so hard for ? Why are we trying to make our lives so great but are n't investing in time with our child ? '' ' He ` felt terrible ' about not seeing his little girl Ava , Iyer said , and struggled to flit between the roles of employee and dad . After working at Microsoft , he moved over to Threadflip to be their chief product officer . Though he had pushed himself to get there , he realized it might not be the goal he was aiming for . ` I was n't spending any time with her in the evening , ' Iyer told the site . The playground , he told Yahoo , was the worst . ` I would look down at my phone a lot because I did n't know how to socialize there . ` I did n't know what to say . But I 'm slowly starting to make my way into that circle . It 's about being there over and over again , I think . And now that I 've done this a few times , and I 'm recognizing people in the neighborhood , it 's gotten better . ' So in January , he handed in his notice . Alongside Iyer 's savings , his wife Shreya , 34 , is supporting the family with her job as a recruitment manager at data analytics firm Splunk . He concedes that it feels uneasy at times : ` I 've had occasional sleepless nights over our finances . ` But the reality is that I 'm fortunate that I 've been working nonstop for a long time so it was n't as difficult a transition for us financially as it could have been . ' Iyer is part of a growing faction of men who are subverting the traditional parental set-up to spend more time with their children . According to a recent study by Pew Research , 46 per cent of fathers are dissatisfied with the amount of time they spend with their children . Though he may consider working part-time when Ava starts school , he has vowed to make sure she remains his focus . ` Seeing Ava grow from little girl to a big girl is so rewarding and I ca n't say that I would have seen it this way if I 'd been working all day , every day , ' he told Yahoo . ` From that lens , if we can live like this a while , it 'll be totally worth it . It already think it is . '