English referee Mark Clattenburg will take charge of the Champions League quarter-final clash between Paris Saint-Germain and Barcelona on Wednesday night , and he will be assisted by five other Englishmen . Clattenburg , regarded by UEFA to be England 's top official , is the only English appointment for the first leg meetings of Europe 's top eight clubs with fellow top ref Martin Atkinson not selected for this round of fixtures . Completing the all-English officials team at the Parc des Princes on Wednesday will be assistants Simon Beck and Jake Collin , additional assistants Anthony Taylor and Andre Marriner and fourth official Stuart Burt . Mark Clattenburg will take charge of Paris Saint-Germain vs Barcelona in the Champions League this week . Lionel Messi and co travel to the Parc des Princes at the quarter-final stage of Europe 's premier competition . Clattenburg took charge of the Manchester derby at the weekend and elected not to send off Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany for a rash challenge on Daley Blind in the first half that many observers saw as deserving of a red card . In the last-16 round , he was chosen for the Basle vs Porto first-leg clash that ended in a 1-1 draw where he controversially - but correctly - ruled out a Porto goal and handed out nine bookings . Clattenburg chose not to send Vincent Kompany off in Sunday 's Manchester derby at Old Trafford . Clattenburg has handed out 148 yellow and four red cards in 38 games across England and Europe so far this season , with his most recent sending off being handed to Kompany in Belgium 's 1-0 European Championship qualifying win in Israel . The other referees for this week 's ties are Serbia 's Milorad Mazic -LRB- Atletico Madrid vs Real Madrid -RRB- , Czech official Pavel Kralovec -LRB- Juventus vs Monaco -RRB- and Carlos Velasco Carballo of Spain -LRB- Porto vs Bayern Munich -RRB- . Clattenburg will be assisted by an all-English team including Andre Marriner who refereed QPR vs Chelsea .