Sofia Vergara 's ex-fiancé has hit out at the Modern Family star , claiming that she wants to destroy two fertilized embryos that the couple created together . ` I have always strongly believed that life begins at conception and that every embryo is life on the journey towards birth , ' businessman Nick Loeb , said in a statement . ` I created these two female embryos with the purpose of taking them to term and not destruction , because I have always dreamed of being a father . ' Scroll down for video ... Drama : Sofia Vergara 's ex Nick Loeb -LRB- pictured here together in May last year -RRB- says he 's always ` dreamed ' of being a father ... as he defends lawsuit to keep frozen embryos . The 39-year-old filed a lawsuit last August over the two embryos . On Monday he implied that he wants to use them to have children of his own - either with the involvement of his 42-year-old ex or without her . ` I have previously offered to waive any parental or financial responsibilities or obligations on the part of my ex , and to even give her the opportunity to be involved with the child in the future , should she change her mind , ' his statement , released through his lawyer Mark J. Heller , said . ` I take the responsibility and obligation of being a parent very seriously . ' In a full statement to UsWeekly Loeb added : ` Where a man does want to become a father , and wants to impose no obligations on the other party , he should have that corresponding right . ' Loeb is a a scion of the Loeb and Lehman families and his father ran the prestigious Wall Street investment firm Loeb , Rhoades & Co. before becoming US Ambassador to Denmark and a delegate to the United Nations . Loeb and Vergara created the embryos through in vitro fertilization in November 2013 and they remain frozen at a Beverly Hills clinic . In a full statement released to UsWeekly Nick said : ` I have always strongly believed that life begins at fertilization and that every embryo is a life on the journey towards birth . I created these two female embryos with the purpose of taking them to term and not destruction , because I have always dreamed of being a father . I have previously offered to waive any parental or financial responsibilities or obligations on the part of my ex , and to even give her the opportunity to be involved with the child in the future , should she change her mind . I take the responsibility and obligation of being a parent very seriously . Creating an embryo in the natural way can lead to parenthood obligations , even where a man does n't want to become a father . Where a man does want to become a father , and wants to impose no obligations on the other party , he should have that corresponding right . However life comes to be created , it should have no determination on either the rights of wanting to be or the requirements of having to be a parent . ' Vergara , TV 's highest paid actress and one of Hollywood 's hottest stars , denies that she wants to destroy the embryos - but says she has no desire to have children with her ex-fiancé , either . Last week , the Colombian beauty said through her attorney that her plan is to keep the embryos frozen indefinitely . She has a 22-year-old son Manolo with ex-husband Joe Gonzalez . Vergara broke up with Loeb last May after nearly two years of engagement . Last Christmas , she became engaged to True Blood star Joe Manganiello . Battle : Nick Loeb is currently embroiled in a bitter legal battle with the Modern Family star over claims she wants the frozen embryos , which the pair created in 2013 , destroyed .