A woman from Nova Scotia who has a prosthetic leg may have started off on the wrong foot with someone who shares a parking lot with her . Despite receiving weekly angry notes on her windshield scolding her for parking in a handicap space , Natasha Hope-Simpson said she felt flattered that someone mistook her for someone who could walk normally . ` I have a video of you walking away from your car on numerous occasions , you are not HANDICAPPED ! The next time you park here I will forward the Video 's to police with your license plate number . YOU SHOULD BE ASHAMED OF YOURSELF !!!! , ' reads one of the fuming letters Hope-Simpson received . Scroll down for video . Hidden disability : If Natasha Hope-Simpson was n't holding a cane in this photograph , one might not be able to tell she was missing a part of her leg because she wears a prosthetic limb that helps her walk . Flattering note : Even though this letter left for Natasha Hope-Simpson on her windshield is filled with venom and anger , she viewed it as flattering because someone could not tell she was missing her leg . Hope-Simpson became disabled after her leg was crushed in a tragic hit-and-run accident in 2013 and she lost a part of her left leg below the knee . She has a handicap permit on her car but that was not enough to convince a furious onlooker that Hope-Simpson has a true handicap . ` I 'm kind of flattered about that , because I 've been working pretty hard on my walk to make it look natural , ' she told CBC . AOL reports that Hope-Simpson is an artist and has accepted her loss by taking in an opportunity to create wearable art . With the help of the founders of the Alleles Design Studio , McCauley Wanner , 27 , and Ryan Palibroda , 32 , Hope-Simpson gets to sport funky prosthetic creations below her left knee and even helps to design them . Wearable art : Natasha Hope-Simpson turned her handicap into an opportunity to create art and helped to create the design on her prosthetic leg . CBC spoke with Tova Sherman who serves as an advocate for people with disabilities and who was heartbroken when hearing about the angry note . According to Sherman , disabilities come in many forms and just because on the surface someone does n't seem disabled , it does n't mean that they are n't . ` It 's really none of our business whether they run out of the car , or crawl out of the car . Great example is people who live with fibromyalgia -- chronic pain -- it is episodic , meaning it comes and it goes , ' she says . She says even someone with a disability like fibromyalgia who looks normal may be fine one day and not be able to lift their arms the next . Hope-Simpson says she does n't know how many times she has been recorded or who left her the note but it seems as though she has managed not to put too much weight on the incident . All types of disabilities : Natasha Hope-Simpson , pictured with a friend , has a disability but because her prosthetic leg was covered , someone thought she was lying about being handicapped .