He is about to turn 80 but self-confessed ladies ' man Albert Roux has evidently lost none of his charm . The legendary French chef has been wining and dining a string of glamorous blondes since divorcing his wife of eight years , Zimbabwean-born heiress Cheryl Roux , last year . The coterie includes a former flame , an artist , a hospitality manager and the woman at the centre of his bitter divorce -- former cloakroom attendant Nataliya Lutsyshyna . Chef Albert Roux with his second wife , Zimbabwean-born heiress , Cheryl Roux before their divorce last year . Sources close to the restaurateur say he is ` smitten ' with Ms Lutsyshyna , a 41-year-old Ukrainian who used to work at the Roux restaurant in Westminster . But this has not stopped him rekindling his close friendship with Debbie Spivey Izo , an American divorcee in her 60s whom he dated before his marriage to Cheryl , 58 . He has also been meeting up with British landscape artist Lynne Moore and Eastern European tea hostess Ljiljana Pavicevic . Last weekend Roux was reportedly due to be helping his son Michel Jr cook at tennis star Andy Murray 's wedding reception at the Cromlix House hotel in Scotland . Instead he whisked Ms Lutsyshyna off on a romantic getaway to the South of France where they dined at the Michelin-starred Joel Robuchon Monte-Carlo restaurant . ` Albert went to a lot of trouble to treat Nataliya , ' a friend of the chef said . Nataliya Lutsyshyna -LRB- left -RRB- was whisked on a romantic getaway with the chef . Right , Ljiljana Cejovic Pavicevic , or ` Lily ' , has had dinners with Mr Roux . Debbie Spivey Izo -LRB- left -RRB- , an American divorcee in her 60s whom he dated before his marriage and Lynne Moore -LRB- right -RRB- who says she has been invited to ` half a dozen dinners ' Mr Roux , who once confessed to giving up on his childhood dream of becoming a priest due to his philandering , started stepping out with Ms Lutsyshyna last year after The Mail on Sunday revealed that his wife was divorcing him on the grounds of adultery . At the time , Mr Roux admitted he had seen Miss Lutsyshyna ` a week , maybe ten days before the end of the marriage ' . Mr Roux , who divorced his first wife Monique , the mother of his two children -- Michel Jr , and Danielle -- in 2001 , is said to have spent thousands on his new girlfriend . Says a source : ` Some of Albert 's friends are very concerned about the amount of money that he is frittering away . ' However , while he is in an exclusive romantic relationship with Miss Lutsyshyna , she is not the only woman in his life . Ms Spivey Izo reappeared on the scene soon after Mr Roux 's split with Cheryl . She flew to Scotland to see Mr Roux at his establishments there soon after he became a single man again . ` Debbie has been on the scene for years , ' adds a source . ` She was dating Albert before he met Cheryl and she never really went away . As soon as his marriage to Cheryl ended , Albert was back in touch with her . ' Lynne Moore , who met Albert Roux through Lib Dem peer Lord Sharman , admitted to The Mail on Sunday that they regularly meet up : ` Albert has kindly invited me to about half a dozen dinners . ` He 's very nice , but we are not in a romantic relationship . ' Mr Roux has known Ljiljana Pavicevic , since 2008 . She and Roux they often enjoy dinners together . When contacted by The Mail on Sunday , Ms Pavicevic , who is known as Lily , said : ` I see Mr Roux with other colleagues , I have never had a dinner alone with him . ' Last night Cheryl declined to comment . A spokesman for Mr Roux said : ` He has no comment to make on this . He tries to be extremely private . '