Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei on Thursday demanded that all sanctions on Iran be lifted at the same time as any final agreement with world powers on curbing Tehran 's nuclear program is reached . Khamenei , the Islamic Republic 's most powerful figure and who has the last say on all state matters , was making his first comments on the interim deal reached last week in the Swiss city of Lausanne . In remarks apparently meant to keep hardline loyalists in line , he warned about ` deceptive ' intentions of the United States . Reuters reported that the crowd chanted ` Death to America ! ' during the speech . ` Instant annulment of all sanction is one of the demands of our officials , ' Khamenei said in a speech broadcast live on state television , ' according to translations published by Reuters and the nonprofit Foundation for Defense of Democracies . But he hedged on whether there will be a deal in place at all by the June 30 deadline . ` I neither support nor oppose the deal , since nothing has happened yet , ' he said . ` All the trouble arises when the details will be discussed ; it may be that the deceptive other side wants to restrict us in the details . ' SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . NO DEAL : Iranian supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said Thursday that nothing is final and Iran will continue to insist on a complete withdrawal of sanctions . Khamenei tweeted his dismissal of what the White House claimed Tehran had agreed to . His stand on the lifting of sanctions matched earlier comments by President Hassan Rouhani , who said ` we will not sign any agreement , unless all economic sanctions are totally lifted on the first day of the implementation of the deal . ' These include nuclear-related United Nations resolutions as well as U.S. and EU nuclear-related economic sanctions . ` All #sanctions should be removed just when the deal is reached , ' Khamenei tweeted later . ` If sanctions removal depends on another process then why -LSB- have -RSB- we started to talk ? ' A senior Israeli defense official said in a radio interview after the speech that Iran could still obtain a nuclear weapon if sanctions were lifted immediately , and would have more money to spend on arming regional proxies . ` The moment the sanctions are removed , tens of billions -LSB- of dollars -RSB- will flow to their coffers , ' Amos Gilad predicted . ` They will get rich . They will have the power to support the entire network of missiles and rockets . ' The U.S. State Department on Thursday repeated its position that sanctions against Iran would be removed gradually . ` Under the agreed-upon parameters , sanctions will be suspended in a phased manner upon verification that Iran has met specific commitments , ' State Department spokesman Jeff Rathke said during a daily press briefing . ` We 're not going to respond to every public statement made by Iranian officials , ' Rathke said , ` or negotiate in public . ' State Department spokesman Jeff Rathke held firm , saying ` sanctions will be suspended in a phased manner upon verification that Iran has met specific commitments ' One of those statements , from Khamenei , accused the White House of misleading the world with its claims of what was in the framework agreed to in Switzerland . ` Americans put out a statement just a few hours after our negotiators finished their talks ... this statement , which they called a `` fact sheet , '' was wrong on most of the issues , ' Khamenei said during his speech . ` In most regards , ' he claimed , it ` was faulty , incorrect and contrary to the substance of the negotiations . ' In the U.S. , Omri Ceren , press director at The Israel Project , told Daily Mail Online that Tehran has a good chance of winning a tug-of-war over what Secretary of State John Kerry and his Iranian counterpart Javad Zarif actually agreed to . ` The Iranians have a 100 per cent record of forcing the Americans to bow to their interpretation whenever there 's a dispute over Iranian concessions publicly declared by the Obama administration , including and specifically on fact sheets , ' Ceren said Thurdsay . ` There 's a good reason why Congress is increasingly worried , even as American negotiators assure them that they 're telling the truth . ' Ali Alfoneh , a senior fellow at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies , told Daily Mail Online that up-front lifting of sanctions is a bad idea that might be put into practice anyway . ` A gradual lifting of sanctions in return for each step taken by Tehran is the only way to secure Tehran 's cooperation in the future , ' Alfoneh said . ` We are also concerned the Obama administration is so desperate for a nuclear deal , that Washington will give more concessions to Tehran , ' he added . ' Secretary of State John Kerry played a major role in nuclear negotiations that some observers now say are unraveling quickly . Khamenei claimed Thursday that the White House had lied about the substance of talks in Switzerland . Another area in which the parties seem to disagree is the question of monitoring and access to Iran 's nuclear sites . While Kerry and Obama have emphasized expectations that Iran will let International Atomic Energy Agency inspectors tour and inspect their facilities at any time , Khamenei threw cold water on the idea . ` Any unconventional inspection or monitoring which would make Iran into a special case , ' he said Thursday , ` would not be acceptable . ' ` Foreign monitoring on #Iran 's security is n't allowed , ' he added on Twitter . Iranian Defense Minister Hossein Dehqan also told the state-run FARS news agency on Thursday that Iran had not agreed to let international inspectors enter its nuclear facilities , which are typically enclosed on military installations . Ali Alfoneh of the Foundation for Defense of Democracies said his group is ` concerned the Obama administration is so desperate for a nuclear deal , that Washington will give more concessions to Tehran ' ` No such agreement has been made , ' Dehquan said . ` Principally speaking , visit to military centers is among our redlines and no such visit will be accepted . ' Khamenei and Rouhani spoke during a ceremony on Thursday marking Iran 's National Day of Nuclear Technology . ` Our goal in the talks is to preserve our nation 's nuclear rights , ' Rouhani said . ` The Iranian nation has been and will be the victor in the negotiations . ' The U.S. and EU sanctions have choked off nearly 1.5 million barrels of Iranian exports per day since early 2012 , reducing its daily oil exports by 60 percent to around 1 million barrels . The tentative accord was a step towards a settlement that would allay Western fears that Iran could build an atomic bomb , with economic sanctions on Tehran being lifted in return . Negotiators from Iran , the United States , Germany , France , Britain , Russia and China will resume negotiations in the coming days to pave the way for a final deal . Since relations with Washington collapsed after Iran 's 1979 Islamic revolution , enmity towards the United States has always been a rallying point for Iranian hardliners . ` I was never optimistic about negotiating with America ... nonetheless I agreed to the negotiations and supported , and still support , the negotiators , ' Khamenei said , . ` I support a deal that preserves the interests and honor of Iran . ' The United States and its Western allies say it is vital that Iran fully cooperate with a U.N. International Atomic Energy Agency -LRB- IAEA -RRB- investigation into past nuclear activities that could be related to making weapons . Israeli defense official Amos Gilad predicted that when Iranian sanctions are dropped , ` they will get rich ' and ` will have the power to support the entire network of missiles and rockets ' Khamenei is now saying no foreign inspectors , including those from the IAEA , will be allowed to tour the military facilities where Iran 's nuclear operations are housed . Khamenei ruled out any ` extraordinary supervision measures ' over Iran 's nuclear activities . ` Iran 's military sites can not be inspected under the excuse of nuclear supervision , ' he said . A final deal would require a vigorous monitoring framework to ensure Iranian compliance . The negotiators have been working out a monitoring mechanism that would involve the IAEA . This has not been considered a sticking point in the nuclear talks . France , which has demanded more stringent conditions on Iran , said the comments by the Iranian leadership showed that reaching a final deal would be difficult and that in any case there would need to be a mechanism in place to restore sanctions if Tehran violated its commitments . ` Subjects still remain that we are n't agreed on , notably on economic sanctions , and the Supreme Leader has made statements that show there is still a lot of work to be done , ' Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius told lawmakers . ` We are going to keep the position we have held from the beginning , which is constructive but extremely demanding , ' Fabius said . Khamenei also said the tentative deal did not guarantee reaching a comprehensive deal by a June 30 deadline . ` What has been achieved so far does not guarantee a deal or even that the negotiations will continue to the end , ' Khamenei said , adding that an extension of the deadline should not be a problem . He then reiterated Iranian denials that Tehran was seeking to build a nuclear weapon .