Randy Lerner will attend Aston Villa 's FA Cup final against Arsenal after missing the victory over Liverpool at Wembley because of a family bereavement . Villa chief executive Tom Fox said the American owner was delighted by the 2-1 win and upset he had not been able to make the trip across the Atlantic . Fox , who sacked Paul Lambert and hired Tim Sherwood , said the result can get rid of the doom and gloom that hung around the club . He backed Villa to have a chance of beating his old club Arsenal , where he was commercial director until last summer , on May 30 . Aston Villa owner Randy Lerner is rarely seen at the club 's games but is expected to make the FA Cup final . Lerner missed Villa 's 2-1 win over Liverpool at Wembley , which included a goal from Fabian Delph -LRB- centre -RRB- . Fox said : ` Randy had a family bereavement . He has a very small family and his mother 's sister passed away and he was n't able to make it . ` What does he think about it ? He 's ecstatic , I have emails on the phone . He will be here for the final . He was pretty upset he could n't be here . ` This is something which can create a positive atmosphere and blows through the negativity and clears it out . I hope it is the beginning of something great . If we play the way we played today I think we 'll have a chance . ` People talk about football where confidence makes a big difference . Our performances the last few games have been good . This is a way for those performances to galvanise the club and get the fans to be really behind the club . ` We have a lot of work to do , I have been very honest about that . We have a lot of work to do to put the club back into a place where this is a thing we can do on a much more regular basis . ` Greg Dyke made a speech before the game and I wish all of our fans could have heard it . He talked about the history of Liverpool and Villa , seven FA Cups apiece , all the semi finals we 've been in , and he talks about the club in a way the fans still see the club and a way we want people to see the club . ` Here we are heading into a final with another great club . That 's the company Villa needs to keep and hopefully where we can put the club . ' England midfielder Delph -LRB- centre -RRB- fires in Villa 's second goal , which proved to be the winning strike . Philippe Coutinho -LRB- centre -RRB- opens the scoring for Liverpool with a smart chipped finish at Wembley . Villa can qualify for the Europa League by beating Arsenal , which would be ahead of schedule as far as Fox is concerned . Winning silverware is of more consequence , he insisted . ` It could be great , I was n't envisaging it that way , ' he said . ` I thought we 'd build to it more slowly but the thing would be winning the FA Cup . It would be a such a positive emotional driver for what we want to do . I am more focused on that than what it means for Europa League qualification . ` It 's all about pride and I sat there at the end of the game and I was incredibly proud of the effort the players put in and for the supporters I thought we outshouted some of the loudest supporters in the world . '