A Florida man believed to be high on Flakka , a designer drug stronger than crystal meth , attacked a police officer after being shocked with a Taser twice while claiming he was God , police said . Police were called after Kenneth Crowder , 41 , was seen by a witness on Friday running naked through a neighborhood calling himself God . He was also spotted committing an undisclosed sex act on a tree . Crowder was arrested in Melbourne , facing charges of battery on a law-enforcement officer , resisting with violence , and assault with a deadly weapon on a law-enforcement officer . Kennth Crowder was arrested in Melbourne , Florida , on Friday after being spotted running naked through a neighborhood claiming he was God . When police arrived on scene , he had put on jeans and a T-shirt and walked toward the officer in an aggressive manner as he called himself God , police told WKMG . A police officer shocked him with a Taser twice , but each time he pulled the probes out of his body and attempted to fight the officer . The officer then punched Crowder in the face and he fought back , claiming he was Thor and attempting to stab the officer with his own police badge . More officers eventually came to the scene and helped handcuff and shackle Crowder . He was booked into Brevard County Jail Complex and later posted bond to be released . Flakka , which can be injected , snorted , smoked , swallowed or taken with other substances like marijuana , is usually made from the chemical alpha-PVP . That 's the synthetic version of the stimulant cathinone , the same type of chemical that is used to make bath salts . Crowder was arrested on charges of battery on a law-enforcement officer , resisting with violence , and assault with a deadly weapon on a law-enforcement officer . Flakka resembles a mix of crack cocaine and meth and it has a noticeably foul smell , according to WPBF 25 News . Once ingested , the drug causes a feeling of euphoria , hallucinations and sometimes psychosis or apparent superhuman strength . The high lasts for a couple hours and users are left with a strong desire to use again . Users have nicknamed the drug ' $ 5 insanity ' because hits often cost less than $ 10 , according to the Sun-Sentinel . There were more than 670 Flakka occurrences in Florida in 2014 , up from 85 in 2012 and zero in 2010 , according to the Drug Enforcement Administration .