When Eve Addison developed a strange swelling in her collarbone after drinking gin and tonic , she assumed she must have an allergy . But when switching brands failed to help - and she developed night sweats and a rash - she saw her GP . To her horror , tests revealed the 24-year-old was suffering Hodgkin Lymphoma - cancer of the lymphatic system . The most common symptom of Hodgkin lymphoma is one or more painless swellings in the neck , armpit or groin . Eve Addison , now 24 , developed a strange swelling in her collarbone whenever she drank gin and tonic - and assumed she must have develoepd an allergy . But she became worried when switching brands failed to help - and she developed night sweats and a rash . These swellings are enlarged lymph nodes - oval-shaped glands that help the body recognise and fight germs . About 70 per cent of people diagnosed with Hodgkin lymphoma have a swollen lymph node in their neck . Usually , the swollen nodes do n't hurt , but in some people like Miss Addison , they can be painful - especially after drinking alcohol . Following her diagnosis in January 2014 , she has now been given the all clear - and is sharing her story to make others aware of the condition . Miss Addison , a marketing manager from Merseyside , began suffering the symptoms in September 2013 . She said : ` I suppose , looking back , alcohol did save my life . ` I had been feeling unwell for a while and every time I went out , I 'd come back with swelling and pain . To her horror , tests revealed the 24-year-old was suffering Hodgkin Lymphoma - cancer of the lymphatic system - and she endured six months of chemotherapy . The most common symptom of Hodgkin lymphoma is one or more painless swellings in the neck , armpit or groin . Usually , the swollen nodes do n't hurt , but in some people like Miss Addison , they can be painful - especially after drinking alcohol . The most common symptom of Hodgkin lymphoma is one or more painless swellings in the neck , armpit or groin . These swellings are enlarged lymph nodes . About 70 per cent of people diagnosed with Hodgkin lymphoma have a swollen lymph node in their neck . Lymph glands commonly swell during an infection but they then usually go back to normal over a short time . With a lymphoma , the lymph nodes often grow slowly and may be there for months or years before they are noticed . But sometimes they grow very quickly . Usually , the swollen nodes do n't hurt . But some people say their lumps ache or are painful . And for some they are painful after drinking alcohol . About 25 per cent of patients have other more general symptoms such as : . Heavy sweating -- especially at night . High temperatures that come and go with no obvious cause -LRB- often overnight -RRB- . Losing a lot of weight over a short period of time . Itching , which may be worse after drinking alcohol . Cough or breathlessness . Abdominal pain or vomiting after drinking alcohol . Source : Cancer Research UK . ` I just thought nothing of it and when I went to the GP , I was told that there was nothing to worry about . ` When the doctor says `` do n't worry , you 're going to be just fine '' , you believe them , do n't you ? ' But by December , she had developed other symptoms and was given creams and anti-inflammatory drugs to deal with chest pain , night sweats and an all-over body rash . After her devastating diagnosis at the Royal Liverpool Hospital , Miss Addison underwent a six-month course of chemotherapy to rid herself of the disease , which affects around 1,900 people each year . The treatment not only left her drained , but triggered septicemia and a blood clot . ` I lost a lot of muscle and I was so drained all the time , ' she recalled . ` I was so tired and in so much pain that I could barely stand up . ` Even though I was only 23 , I felt like I had the body of a 90-year-old . ' Despite her diagnosis - and starting chemotherapy almost instantly - she began a new job just days later , as planned . She also froze her eggs just in case the treatment rendered her infertile . To her relief , she was given the all-clear last September . And despite her harrowing experience , Miss Addison insists she would face cancer again if given the option . She said : ` It 's indescribable how happy I was to get the all-clear - I 've never felt happiness like it . ` My mum was the happiest person in the room when I heard the news . All of my family were so proud of me for getting through it . ' She also believe she has a better perspective in life after beating cancer . ` The lessons I learnt from it have made me much more appreciative of what I have in life and I feel like I 'm oddly lucky . ' She is now planning to celebrate by running the Race for Life in her hometown in July .