A Germanwings flight bound for Italy from Germany was evacuated last night due to a bomb threat , the airline said . The threat against flight 826 from Cologne Bonn to Milan 's Malpensa airport was received on Sunday evening . The tower in Cologne immediately alerted the pilot of the Airbus A320 , which was taxiing toward the runway at the time , Germanwings said . Scroll down for video . The threat against flight 826 from Cologne Bonn to Milan 's Malpensa airport was received on Sunday evening . The tower in Cologne immediately alerted the pilot of the Airbus A320 -LRB- file picture of Germanwings plane -RRB- . The threat was emailed to the airport 15 minutes before the plane 's scheduled departure , prompting police to set the necessary measures in motion . Instead of taking off the pilot steered the plane to a different part of the airport where passengers and crew were evacuated . A total of 132 people were aboard the plane , including 126 passengers and six crew members , Spiegel-Online reported . A thorough search was carried out and federal police said sniffer dogs found no sign of explosives , news agency DPA reported . The threat was received just as the pilot was taxiing along the runway at Cologne Bonn Airport -LRB- pictured -RRB- . An examination of the baggage and the aircraft itself also yielded no results Germanwings said in a separate statement later on Sunday evening . Germanwings said passengers flew to Milan on a different aircraft on Sunday night while the searched plane has now been cleared for air traffic . Germanwings , a budget unit of German airline Lufthansa , has been in the spotlight since one of its planes was deliberately crashed into a mountain in the French Alps last month , killing all 144 people on board . Germanwings has been in the spotlight since one of its planes was deliberately crashed into a mountain in the French Alps last month , killing everyone on board - a monument has been set up at the crash site . Lufthansa has faced questions about its pilot screening process since the March 24 crash which appears to have been caused by the plane 's co-pilot who deliberately steered the plane into a mountain . The Airbus A320 went down in a remote region of the French Alps en route to Dusseldorf from Barcelona . Recordings from the flight data recorder suggest co-pilot Andreas Lubitz locked the captain out of the cockpit before ` deliberately ' crashing the jet . It emerged today Lufthansa may face corporate manslaughter charges for allowing Lubitz to fly after he suffered a bout of depression . Last month 's crash appears to have been caused by the co-pilot who steered the plane into a mountain .