A couple have taken their passion for yoga all over the world , striking gravity-defying poses in front of dozens of famous landmarks - from the Colosseum in Rome to the Paris 's Eiffel Tower . Honza and Claudine Lafond , who live in Sydney , have posted pictures from all their athletic adventures on Instagram , attracting more than 251,000 followers . In the mesmerising images , the pair , who run a worldwide studio called YogaBeyond , do handstands and downward dogs against draw-dropping backgrounds , showing off their impressive physical prowess . Honza and Claudine Lafond , from Sydney , have snapped photos of themselves striking impressive yoga poses all over the world - including the Brandenburg Gate in Berlin -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Honza does a balancing act atop her husband in Ubud , Bali . The couple get to grips with each other outside Rome 's ancient Colosseum . Honza and Claudine , who married in 2008 , share an upside-down kiss in front of the Eiffel Tower in Paris . According to their website , Honza , who is originally from the Czech Republic , combines life-coaching and fitness training in his unique brand of yoga instruction . He writes : ` The challenge that inversions and arm balances offer builds confidence and strength , but more than anything it excites the ever present child within all of us . ` To me , the playful nature of yoga is just as important as its more disciplined aspects . It is the balance between the two that makes yoga a blissful pathway of coming home . ' He and his wife Claudine , who was born in New York , specialise in AcroVinyasa , a type of yoga that combines the traditional practice with L-based acrobatic flying . Honza carries Claudine on his feet while lying on a deck on the Hudson River in New York . The couple put a yoga-themed twist on the traditional Leaning Tower of Pisa pose . Claudine flaunts her hard-earned abs as she poses upside-down on Honza 's feet and hands in Barcelona . It takes a practiced yogi indeed to pull off Claudine 's complex-looking yoga pose . Honza and Claudine find their inner zen on the banks of Circular Quay in Sydney , Australia . The couple 's travels have taken them all over the globe , from Ubud , Bali , to Barcelona to the banks of the Hudson River in New York . In one photo taken outside the Leaning Tower of Pisa , Honza lies on his back on the pavement with his legs in the air , while Claudine stands on his feet , pretending to push the tower upright . In another image the roles are reversed as Honza balances upside-down on his wife 's legs in front of London 's Tower Bridge . Honza makes a one-handed handstand look unbelievably easy in this colourful shot . Claudine 's toned limbs take centre stage as she balances expertly in her husband 's hands . The roles are reversed as Honza balances upside-down on top of Claudine , with London 's Tower Bridge in the background . The athletic pair grin with a friend outside Enmore theatre in Sydney . The pier in Santa Monica , California , makes for a stunning backdrop to this duo 's yoga pose . Beachgoers were likely amazed at the stunts Honza and Claudine were able to pull off . Honza and Claudine do their best ninja warrior poses in front of a backdrop of green hills . They stand on their hands in a perfect mirror image on Fitzroy Street in Melbourne . Honza is originally from the Czech Republic while Claudine was born in New York . The dynamic duo took in the sights by the seaside as they did their yoga workout . It appears no balancing position is too challenging for the pair . The married couple wear festive Father Christmas hats for a Christmas-themed pose in Australia . The fish at the Sydney Aquarium swim in the background as Honza and Claudine do yet another pose . Their love of yoga means they get to travel the world connecting with their more than 251,000 Instagram followers . Claudine does a stretch at sunset in the surf . It 's difficult to tell which way is up in this group photo of Claudine , Honza , and two of their fellow yogis . Honza and Claudine specialise in AcroVinyasa , a type of yoga that combines the traditional practice with L-based acrobatic flying .