Sitting with a set of felt-tip pens and a book full of black line drawings just waiting to be filled is most children 's idea of heaven . But now thanks to an illustrator and designer from Tenby , West Wales , colouring in is the latest stress-busting hobby for adults . Millie Marotta , 36 , is giving colouring books an adult twist with her sellout volume Animal Kingdom , filled with intricate and designs of animals filled with stylised flower shapes , patterns and shapes . Scroll down for video . Embellished elephant : Millie Marotta 's colouring book features an array of intricate designs , including this elephant . Millie Marotta , 36 , took eight months to complete the illustration in Animal Kingdom . The beautiful black and white book is made up of detailed line illustrations of animals , plants and birds and encourages users to ` add your own touches with colours or line drawing . ' And the art book , which was published in August last year , has achieved unheard levels of success , selling 500,000 copies worldwide and been translated into 19 different languages . The success of Animal Kingdom 's has come as a huge surprise , not least to Millie herself . ` My illustrations are a real labour of love , they take a long time and I think people really can and do appreciate that , ' said the former art teacher . ` Because of the intricate style of my drawings people find them quite interesting and perhaps a little more captivating than your traditional colouring book . ` This is why I would say they are so well suited to adults and have proved so popular in that area of the market . ' This coloured-in image of a dragonfly taken out of Animal Kingdom shows the vibrant level of detail . An image of a donkey from the colouring book is creatively constructed from flora and fauna . Millie has had a successful freelance illustration careeer with clients including Virgin Atlantic , Penguin books and Marks & Spencer , but it 's her best-selling colouring book that really propelled her to fame . In 2013 , she was approached by Batsford Ltd , her now-publisher , to see if she would be interested in doing the book . She took eight months to complete the illustrations in their entirety and thinks their popularity is down to nostalgia . She explained : ` I would say there is definitely a universal appeal to colouring in . ` It 's something that probably all of us enjoyed as children and is a wonderfully simple creative outlet and a great way for us to de-stress in today 's busy and fast paced world . A bluebird illustration has been coloured in to show the creativity and consistency needed to finish one of Millie 's illustrations . This blue whale has an immense level of detail and would take a considerable amount of time to finish colouring in . Millie worked from her studio in Tenby , Wales , to create her range of detailed illustrations . ` Colouring can offer a much needed distraction from the ` grown up ' world and those things which may be causing us worry or stress . A little bit of escapism if you like . ' And reviewers have taken to the UK Amazon site to rave about their own experiences of the therapeutic benefits . One user commented : ` Received this book yesterday and have n't stopped since . ` I 've always loved colouring but got recommended this to help overcome tension headaches caused from work . The pics are amazing an the paper quality is good . I have already completed four pics in one day ! ' ` Colouring can offer a much needed distraction from the ` grown up ' world ' : The 36-year-old illustrator -LRB- pictured -RRB- took eight months to complete the book and has explained that she finds drawing therapeutic . The book , Animal Kingdom , retails at £ 3.99 and is currently at the top of Amazon 's Top 100 Books list . The Welsh illustrator has said that , although it is mostly adults buying the book , the influence of Animal Kingdom is widespread . She has received emails from people of all backgrounds saying how much they enjoyed the simple act of colouring in her line drawings . ` From parents who have bought it for themselves to colour while their young children are doing their own colouring , to students who use it as stress relief in between study and revision , ' said Millie . Many fans are busy professionals who need a break from looking at a screen all day long but adults and children alike are buying the book as a stylish gift for friends and family . Millie says that Animal Kingdom is becoming the present of choice for people recuperating from illness , while there are , ` Ladies in their 80s who love it so much they have started their own colouring club ! ' Millie agrees that the rise in popularity of adult colouring books , could be down to their therapeutic quality . She explained : ` I think the level of detail in my illustrations requires people to really focus on what they are doing when colouring them . ` In that sense I think people have found them quite therapeutic and an effective way to ` switch off ' as they become really absorbed in what they 're doing . ' The artist has also insisted that the popularity of the book could be down to the more artistic quality of the images . This image of striking stag was created by the Welsh designer out of detailed fauna line drawings . Plenty more fish in the sea ! Millie 's page of exotic fish has been shaded on in different colour variations . She said : ` I also think that because the illustrations do take some time to complete there is a real sense of achievement and satisfaction at the end of it . ` Someone said to me that with Animal Kingdom they feel like they are colouring little pieces of artwork rather than pages in a colouring book . ` I think people enjoy feeling that at the end of it they will have a book of their own artworks which will hopefully be something they will keep and cherish . '