Crowds who turned out for the Anzac Day memorial service at Sydney 's Martin Place have been left fuming after the Ivy nightclub played loud dance music during the minute 's silence . A contractor doing a sound check inside the exclusive club is believed to have been responsible for turning the music on . Many of those in the record crowd of 30,000 took to Twitter to express their anger at the club interrupting the minute 's silence on at least five occasions . The club , on George Street in Sydney 's CBD , is close to the Martin Place War Memorial . Father Arron Cutugno said he was ` disgusted ' by the choice to play music during the minutes silence . Arron Cutugno , who was taking his young daughter to her first Anzac Day ceremony , described the decision to play music while the minute 's silence was being observed as ` disgusting ' . ` Really enjoyed the service , everything was great until Ivy decided to start playing music three quarters of the way through the minute of silence , ' he told Channel Nine . ` I can tell you there were at least a thousand people who looked straight up and were disgusted by it . '' Others have taken to social media to voice their furore , with a flurry of messages on Twitter taking the restaurant to task over the incident . A spokesperson for Merivale , which runs the Ivy , said the company was ` mortified and deeply upset ' by the incident and offered unreserved apologies for the disturbance . ` As a measure of respect , we worked with police to close Ivy at 2 am , one and a half hours earlier than normal , to reduce noise and crowding around the venue when people arrived at the dawn service , ' the group said . A spokesperson for Merivale , which runs the Ivy , said the company was ` deeply upset ' by the incident . Many of those in the record crowd of 30,000 took to Twitter to express their anger at the club . Merivale announced the contractor responsible for the incident was ` immediately terminated this morning ' The spokesperson said all Merivale staff and management had left the venue by 4 am . However , a third party contractor entered Ivy afterwards and conducted ` unauthorised sound testing ' for an event taking place later today . ` He behaved in a terribly insensitive and completely unacceptable , thoughtless way , ' the spokesperson said . ` That contractor was immediately terminated this morning . '