For a luxurious beach holiday with a decidedly aerial element , look no further than the St. Regis Abu Dhabi . Located in the centre of the city , the signature suite , which rents for a staggering AED 100,000 -LRB- £ 18,188 -RRB- per night , hovers an impressive 200m -LRB- 656ft -RRB- above the ground . The hotel 's showpiece , the 1,120 sq metre room can only be accessed by a private elevator and , as you might expect , offers breathtaking views of the Arabian Gulf . At the St. Regis Abu Dhabi , which is the second St. Regis hotel in the UAE capital , the signature suite is a sight to be seen . And inside , it 's old world glamour aesthetic is equally as spectacular . The sprawling suite features three bedrooms , a pantry , a full dining room , library and cinema . But it 's the in-room spa that 's truly a sight to be seen , offering a private steam room , sauna , Jacuzzi , two treatment beds and an exercise room . And when guests decide to venture outside of their 24-carat gold leaf finished suite , there will be a Bentley chauffered car service at their disposal . A private helipad also services the luxurious hotel room . Suspended 200m in the air , the Abu Dhabi suite is the highest suspended hotel room in the world , overlooking the Arabian Gulf . In the three-bedroom suite , there are also in-room spa facilities , including two treatment beds , a sauna and a jacuzzi . And the hotel 's showpiece does n't come cheap ! To rent the massive 1,120 sq metre room , it will set you back £ 18,188 a night . Of the three bedrooms , one has a circular king size bed , complete with a leather bed frame and head board . Throughout the suite , 24-carat gold leaf finishes are evident , including along the dark wood bathroom fixtures . Heavy on the old world glamour aesthetic , the sprawling suite also includes a pantry , a full dining room , library and cinema . The suite 's VIP guests will also receive exclusive access to the Nation Riviera Beach Club , which sits along 200 metres of private beachfront . There 's also a pool , spa , gym and children 's facilities on site , as well as several fitness classes , such as Pilates and sunset yoga . The Remede Spa , which recently won the 2015 World Spa & Wellness Award for Hotel Spa of the Year - Middle East , is another must-experience hotel amenity , offering 25 different bespoke facials , massages and body treatments . While guests admittedly never have to venture outside , if they do , a Bentley chauffeured car service will be at their disposal . There are also extensive conference facilities available for the hotel 's VIP guests to use . The opulent suite is decorated in elegant shades of ivory , cream and gold , with many leather and marble accents found throughout . Though the suite includes a full-service dining room , there are also two acclaimed on-site restaurants for guests to enjoy . The suite 's occupants will also receive exclusive access to the Nation Riviera Beach Club , which sits along 200m of private beachfront . Downstairs , the hotel 's most elite guests are offered the signature afternoon tea , an extravagant spread of pastries and sandwiches . Downstairs at the hotel , all guests can indulge in the St Regis ' signature afternoon tea , which includes an extravagant spread of scones , pastries and sandwiches and is held in the Crystal Lounge . At dinner , Michelin star chef Gary Rhodes ensures the cuisine does not disappoint at his Rhodes 44 restaurant , while Villa Toscana serves up Italian cuisine . The hotel is also next to the famous Chinese-Latin fusion restaurant Asia De Cuba which is located on the seafront with stunning views . Setting new standards in luxury , a visit to the St. Regis Abu Dhabi is not to be missed .