A 10-year-old boy who beat a younger child to death in Canada went to his friends claiming that he had witnessed a ` big guy ' strike the victim with a rock . Lee Allan Bonneau , 6 , died from blunt force trauma to the head in August 2013 following a savage attack on a reservation in Saskatchewan . A 10-year-old boy , identified in court documents as L.T. , reportedly admitted to killing Lee Bonneau and crushing his head after initially blaming a stranger for the slaying . Slain : Lee Allan Bonneau was 6 years old when in August 2013 he was attacked by a 10-year-old boy and beaten to death with a rock and a stick . Brief life : Lee was pronounced dead from severe head injuries four hours after he went missing in Saskatchewan , Canada , while in the care of his foster mother . Tribute : A collage created by Lee 's biological family celebrating his short , troubled life . On Thursday , a coroner 's jury in Regina heard how the underage suspect ran to his friends after the attack on Bonneau telling them he had witnessed a murder , reported National Post . The troubled 10-year-old was described as appearing scared but also excited , telling his friends how a ` big guy ' had struck Lee with a stick three times , pushed him down an embankment and then bashed him with a rock . L.T. then changed his story , according to Thursday 's hearing , saying the he was the one who killed the 6-year-old . He then pleaded with his pals , ` Do n't tell on me , ' because he was afraid of being jailed . During an interview with investigators a day after Lee Bonneau 's slaying August 21 , 2013 , L.T. reverted back to his original version of events , telling Royal Canadian Mounted Police that a ` big person ' committed the crime . The 10-year-old named the purported killer and told law enforcement officials that he even walked up to the man and asked him what he was doing . ` I 'm just killing a little boy , ' L.T. quoted the man as saying . Police later questioned the person identified by L.T. and cleared him of any wrongdoing . On the evening of August 21 , 2013 , Lee Bonneau accompanied his foster mother , Mary Ramstead , to a bingo game at the Kahkewistahaw First Nation hall . At around 8 pm , Lee stepped outside the bingo venue to buy snacks and never returned . He was last seen playing with some dogs and walking in the company of an older boy , later identified as 10-year-old L.T. . More than two hours after his disappearance , Lee was found critically injured in a remote field more than half a mile from the bingo hall . A coroner 's inquest has heard how a 10-year-old boy named L.T. attacked the younger child , pictured here as an infant on the evening of August 21 , 2013 on a reservation . Family troubles : Lee was removed from the home of his biological mother , Stacey Merk -LRB- pictured -RRB- just two and a half months before his murder . Lee is pictured here with his birth father , Dave Bonneau . Child servers reportedly refused to release the 6-year-old into his parent 's care . The 6-year-old was rushed to a hospital , where he was pronounced dead from his injuries at around midnight . Forensic pathologist Dr Shaun Ladhman determined that Lee died from blunt force trauma to the left side of the head after suffering multiple skull fractures . In his testimony at the coroner 's inquest Thursday , Ladhman compared the boy 's injuries to those seen in high-speed car collisions or a three-story fall . Bonneau also had bite marks on his body . Because of his young age , 10-year-old L.T. has not been charged with Lee Bonneau 's murder . Global News reported that Saskatchewan 's children 's advocate determined the underage killer had severe behavioral issues and likely required constant supervision . RCMP Cpl. Donna Zawislak testified court that when officers came to the child 's house and said that Lee Bonneau has died , the 10-year-old did not react . The following day , L.T. sat down for a forensic interview , saying he had been a witness to the killing , not the perpetrator . When asked about the blood stains on his clothes and shoes , the 10-year-old blamed it on a nosebleed . The child had a history of troubling behavior , including a break-in where he killed a pregnant dog and her puppies , which had been cut out of the animal 's body . Lee had been removed from the home of his biological mother , Stacey Merk , just two and a half months before his death citing concerns related to his verbal skills and behavioral problems . Violent end : A pathologist testified that 6-year-old Lee suffered injuries often observed in high-speed car collisions . He had multiple skull fractures and bite marks on his body . Lies : The troubled 10-year-old was described as appearing scared but also , telling his friends after the killing how a ` big guy ' had struck Lee . Unpunished : L.T. will not face any charges in connection to Lee Bonneau 's death because of his young age . During the coroner 's inquest , Ms Merk testified that a social worker became alarmed when she confided in her that she has been struggling with depression and had suicidal thoughts . On August 1 , child services placed Lee with Mary Ramstead 's family on a temporary basis . Three weeks later , the 6-year-old was murdered while in the care of his foster mother . L.T. will not face any charges in connection to Lee Bonneau 's death because of his young age . The goal of the coroner 's inquest is to determine the circumstances of the murder and make recommendations to prevent similar tragedies going forward .