Renee Somerfield , the genetically-blessed Australian Model starring in a controversial new weight loss advert , has responded to the backlash against the campaign . The yellow Protein World ad , currently plastered all over billboards around the London Underground , features a bikini-clad Renee next to text reading ` ARE YOU BEACH BODY READY ? ' The sight of the 24-year-old 's toned figure towering above train platforms has caused a stir among some feminists and body image campaigners , with a change.org petition started , general social media outrage and defacing of the posters by bloggers , angry at the perceived insinuation that only women who look like Renee are ready to go to the beach . Renee Somerfield , the genetically-blessed Australian Model starring in a controversial new weight loss advert , has responded to the backlash against the campaign . The sight of the 24-year-old 's curves towering above train platforms caused a stir among some feminists and body image campaigners . Online fitness store Protein World , who claim that the image is entirely unPhotoshopped , have been actively engaging in the furore on social media , strongly defending their campaign with some biting responses to aggrieved Tweeters . ` We are a nation of sympathisers for fatties , ' a spokesperson for Protein World tweeted to one user after she signed the change.org petition calling for the removal of the advert . ` Why make your insecurities our problem ? ' One critic of the ad has inspired her own hashtag - #growupharriet - as the company responded to her request about whether she , as a normal woman , was allowed on the beach with a collage of fitness magazine covers and the cheeky hashtag . And now the blonde at the centre of the summer body storm has responded to the ` contradictory ' drama , with a very level-headed argument citing the irony of people getting angry about body shaming , whilst body shaming her . The vegan fitness fanatic told Huffington Post : ` I think nearly every ad campaign you have ever seen is open to interpretation . But saying the ad is body shaming by body shaming the image is very contradictory . Two wrongs do n't make a right . ' The blonde at the centre of the summer body storm has responded to the ` contradictory ' drama with a very level-headed argument citing the irony of people getting angry about body shaming , whilst body shaming her . Renee , who is a strict vegan , said : ` I am a real person behind the image . I work very hard and live a healthy and active lifestyle which is why Protein World chose me for their campaign . ' Renee , who is a strict vegan , said : ` I am a real person behind the image . I work very hard and live a healthy and active lifestyle which is why Protein World chose me for their campaign . I could n't work every day as a full time model by starving myself , dieting or not looking after my body . Nourish your body , be kind to it and it will love you right back , no matter your size . ` I agree that ALL bodies are ` beach body ready ' . Skinny , curvy , muscular , petite , tall , short , young and old . Confidence is beautiful no matter what size you are ... . Your reflection does n't define your worth . ' Fans - including hundreds of women - were been quick to praise the leggy beauty for her response , posting messages of support to her Twitter and Instagram accounts . The cover girl has made a career out of sharing sexy bikini-clad selfies with her 430,000 Instagram followers , and was featured on the cover of Maxim Australia magazine in a shoot titled ` Australia 's sexiest social media stars ' in 2014 . The cover girl has made a career out of sharing sexy bikini-clad selfies with her 430,000 Instagram followers , and was featured on the cover of Maxim Australia magazine in a shoot titled ` Australia 's sexiest social media stars ' in 2014 . She admits to working out four-five times per week , including beach running and pilates with weights , and told website Glamour Edition that she has always been on the skinny side : ` My physique is naturally very petite and I am quite tall -LRB- 5 ' 10 -RRB- . Growing up , this felt very awkward but I have grown to love and embrace my body ! Online fitness store Protein World , who claim that the image is entirely unPhotoshopped , have been actively engaging in the furore on social media , strongly defending their campaign with some biting responses to aggrieved Tweeters . Renee 's thousands of social media fans were quick to applaud her mature and empowering response . ` I work hard to keep my body looking healthy and fit , which means eating 6 + times a day and working out with resistance and weights to make sure I maintain lean muscle ... I do n't like looking too skinny ! ` Confidence comes from how you feel . I feel my best and my most confident when I am fit and toned ... . I love moving , being strong and always full of energy . I think there is definitely a noticeable difference between ` skinny-toned ' and ` skinny-soft ' -- you know when a girl works for her body ! ' she added .