Nicola Sturgeon today warned Ed Miliband that time is running out on her offer to help lock the Tories out of power . The SNP leader has said she is prepared to work with Labour to put Mr Miliband in Number 10 , even if David Cameron 's Conservatives win more seats . Ms Sturgeon was today swamped with requests for selfies in the wake of her triumph in last week 's live TV debate , as polls suggest a surge in support for the SNP will cost Labour a majority on May 7 . Scroll down for video . Nicola Sturgeon today warned Ed Miliband that time is running out on her offer to help lock the Tories out of power . The SNP is projected to win more than 40 seats in Scotland at the election , potentially leaving them holding the balance of power if Labour and the Tories both fall short . Ms Sturgeon has refused to work with the Conservatives under any circumstances , but has held out the possibility of putting Mr Miliband into power . She has suggested a full-blown coalition , with SNP ministers in the Cabinet , is unlikely to be the outcome . But her MPs could vote to prop up a Labour minority administration , raising the prospect of a Scottish-backed government over-ruling the views of a majority in England . Labour leader Ed Miliband is forecast to lose dozens of seats to the SNP after a sharp drop in support in Scotland . However , today Ms Sturgeon made clear he patience is wearing thin , and called on Mr Miliband to respond to her offer . She claimed that every day that passes risks fuelling the impression that Mr Miliband would rather see the Conservatives return to government than work with the SNP . Addressing supporters in Livingston , Ms Sturgeon insisted the SNP is not seeking any UK ministerial posts . But said she will fight for as much power for Scotland as she can get . Her predecessor as First Minister Alex Salmond has already vowed to hold a Labour minority government to ransom to secure a £ 180billion debt-fuelled spending spree in Scotland . Ms Sturgeon said : ` Even if the Tories are the largest party , I have said we will vote to stop the Tory government getting off the ground , ' she said . ` I have asked Ed Miliband to confirm that Labour will do likewise . Thus far , Labour has n't given that commitment . ` I hope to hear him give that commitment before too much more time elapses because as long as he fails to give that commitment he leaves lingering the suspicion that Labour would rather see the Tories get back into power than work with the SNP . ` If that is the case , then people in Scotland , I do n't think , will ever forgive the Labour Party . ' She added : ` I have said a formal coalition with Labour is unlikely . ` The SNP is not going to Westminster to seek ministerial posts , we 're going to Westminster to make Scotland 's voice heard and to win more progressive policies for Scotland . ` Now , I 've ruled out any kind of arrangement with the Tories , but I have also said to Labour , very directly , if there is an anti-Tory majority in the House of Commons , then even if the Tories are the biggest party , if Labour and the SNP work together we can stop a Tory government getting off the ground . ` I repeat that call to Ed Miliband today , and maybe today unlike the previous few days he will answer that . ` If we have an anti-Tory majority , will he work with the SNP rather than allow David Cameron back into Downing Street ? ' The Scottish First Minister was swamped with requests for selfies as she met residents of Livingston , west Lothian this morning . Ms Sturgeon has refused to work with the Conservatives under any circumstances , but has held out the possibility of putting Mr Miliband into power . The SNP is projected to win more than 40 seats in Scotland at the election , potentially leaving them holding the balance of power if Labour and the Tories both fall short . Ms Sturgeon was said to have triumped in last week 's live TV debate , as polls suggest a surge in support for the SNP will cost Labour a majority on May 7 . She also outlined changes she said would support childcare and getting parents back to work , including uprating child tax credits and child benefit and a rise in the minimum wage to £ 8.70 . Ms Sturgeon said she still wants Scotland to be independent , but in the meantime ` will push for the maximum devolution to Scotland ' . ` If Scotland is to become independent , that will only happen with a vote in a referendum , ' she said . ` But poll after poll shows that people in Scotland want significantly more powers in the Scottish Parliament . ` Now , I will not stop campaigning for and wanting Scotland to become independent , but that will only happen in a referendum . ' Scottish Liberal Democrat president Sir Malcolm Bruce called on Ms Sturgeon to make clear whether she still supports the reversal of welfare changes made since 2010 . He said : ` The SNP need to come clean . Are they planning to reverse welfare changes since 2010 ? ` This is what they have spent five years telling people . If so , where are they going to find the money that they have said would be £ 2.5 billion for Scotland alone ? ` If they are not , people will expect them to admit that they are not going back to 2010 . ` SNP voters will believe they 've been led up the garden path . ` Only Liberal Democrats have set out costed and credible plans to balance the books by 2018 , building a stronger economy and a fairer society . The SNP are all over the place when it comes to balancing the books . '