Tina Fey was seen out with her husband Jeff Richmond and daughter Penelope Friday morning in New York City . This is the first time the Emmy-award winning writer , producer and actor has been spotted since the tragic suicide of renowned cosmetic dermatologist Dr. Fredric Brandt on April 5 at his home in Miami . Dr. Brandt was said to have been devastated in his final weeks over a caricature of himself on Fey 's show Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt , though that is not the reason friends say he took his life . Scroll down for video . Tina Fey -LRB- above -RRB- was spotted for the first time since the suicide of Dr. Fredric Brandt on Friday . The writer , actress and producer was on a school run with her youngest daughter Penelope and husband Jeff Richmond -LRB- above -RRB- . Dr Brandt -LRB- left -RRB- took his own life on April 5 and was said to be devastated over a caricature of him , Dr. Franff -LRB- right -RRB- , on Fey 's show Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt . Richmond the entire incident was ` very sad ' a few days after the dermatologist 's death . Fey , 44 , looked solemn as she and Richmond appeared to be taking their daughter to school . The 30 Rock star has yet to comment on Dr. Brandt 's suicide , though her husband did say the entire incident was ` very sad ' a few days after the dermatologist 's death . The Kimmy Schmidt character that was so upsetting to Dr. Brandt was Dr. Franff , a Upper East Side cosmetic dermatologist with a grotesquely exaggerated face that was so full of fillers and Botox that the man was unable to speak . The character , played by Martin Short , also had shockingly platinum blond hair , just like Dr. Brandt , and a long list of celebrity and society clients . He first appears in the show 's fourth episode , which also features a cameo from Fey 's daughter , Penelope . Fey has yet to publicly speak about Dr. Brandt 's suicide . The second season of Kimmy Schmidt will start production soon . Penelope -LRB- above -RRB- appeared in the episode that featured Dr. Franff . Fey has won eight Emmy awards for her work on 30 Rock and Saturday Night Live . Dr. Brandt also had a long list of celebrity and society clients , some of whom gathered in New York City to remember and honor him on Thursday . The invitation-only service , at Lincoln Center 's Alice Tully Hall , was hosted by Lisa Marie Falcone , wife of billionaire hedge fund manager Philip Falcone . WWD reports that among those in attendance were Kelly Ripa , Joy Behar , and Linda Wells , editor-in-chief of Allure . ` This is the saddest thing that I never thought I would have to do . When I look out into this room I see so many beautiful faces and I realized that Fred is all around us , ' said Ripa as she stood in front of a wave of 3,000 white orchid blooms , Dr. Brandt 's favorite flowers . ` He is with all of us now . ' Dr. Brandt 's other celebrity clients included Madonna and model Stephanie Seymour . Sources said that Dr Brandt was ` devastated ' over comparisons to the enthusiastic doctor on Tina Fey 's new show Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt . The plastic surgeon , Dr Franff , in the Netflix comedy , is played by comedy veteran Martin Short and had drawn unflattering comparisons to real-life Dr Brandt . In one scene , where the lead character Kimmy almost gets plastic surgery , the doctor is seen drinking from a hamster feeder . Martin Short had a small role as Dr Franff in one episode of the TV show 's first season . When he is punched by the main character , Kimmy , as she struggles to escape the plastic surgeon 's chair , his face dents like putty - which he then inflates with an air tube . Dr Franff appears in episode four of the first and only season of Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt . He 's a botox-loving plastic surgeon played by Martin Short . The show follows a Kimmy -LRB- Ellie Kemper -RRB- , who was rescued from an underground bunker after years of being held hostage by a cult leader . She then is hired to be a nanny for the son and step-daughter of socialite Jacqueline -LRB- Jane Krakowski -RRB- . In the fourth episode of the show , Jacqueline visits Dr Franff to discuss a ` foot lift ' of sorts because she believes that ` feet are the new butts ' . In the fourth episode of the Netflix show 's first season , Dr Franff makes a short appearance as a cosmetic doctor who consults with Kimmy -LRB- Ellie Kemper -RRB- and Jacqueline -LRB- Jane Krakowski , pictured -RRB- . Dr Franff 's almost-overly smooth skin and platinum blond hair share a resemblance with that of Dr Fredric Brandt , who is known for being the cosmetic dermatologist of stars including Madonna and Stephanie Seymour . Franff is portrayed as a deranged doctor , whose face is so frozen from plastic surgery and other procedures that he even has trouble forming words at times . In the episode , he cheerily suggests several barbaric-sounding surgeries for Jacqueline , as well as on Kimmy . Franff 's platinum blond hair and tight skin have a stark resemblance to that of cosmetic dermatologist Fredric Brandt .