It is the age-old trick of students the world over - pulling all-nighters to cram for an exam . But a team of experts at Brandeis University in Massachusetts have a few words of wisdom , urging students to put down the coffee and sleep . They believe the memory neurons that are responsible for converting short-term memories into long-term ones , work most effectively when a person is asleep . Scientists have long known that sleep , memory and learning are deeply connected . Most animals , from flies to humans , have trouble remembering when they are sleep-deprived . And studies have shown that sleep is critical in converting short-term memories , into long-term memory , a process known as memory consolidation . A team of scientists at Brandeis University in Massachusetts believe all-nighters to cram before an exam wo n't work because the process converting short-term memory to long-term memory is best carried out when a person is asleep . But just how that process works has remained a mystery . One body of thinking questions whether the mechanism that promotes sleep is also responsible for consolidating memory . While another asks if the two distinct process work together . In other words , is memory consolidated during sleep because the brain is quiet , allowing memory neurons to go to work , or are memory neurons actually putting us to sleep ? Graduate students , Paula Haynes and Bethany Christmann , at the university 's Griffith Lab , believe the answer is the latter . They focused their research on dorsal paired medial neurons , well-known memory consolidators in fruit flies . The pair noted , for the first time , that when the neurons are activated , the flies slept more , but when they were deactivated , the flies kept buzzing . These memory consolidators cause the flies to fall asleep , as they begin to convert short-term memory to long-term memory . Ms Haynes and Ms Christmann said this all takes place in a section of the fly 's brain called the mushroom body - similar to the hippocampus in humans , which is where our memories are stored . The parts of the fly 's mushroom body , which is responsible for memory and learning is the same part that keeps it awake . The hippocampus in the brain , highlighted in red , is where our memories are stored , and where , the scientists believe the process takes place . Ms Christmann , said : ` It 's almost as if that section of the mushroom body were saying , `` hey , stay awake and learn this '' . ` Then , after a while , the DPM neurons start signaling to suppress that section , as if to say , `` you 're going to need sleep if you want to remember this later '' . ' Understanding how sleep and memory are connected in a simple system , like fruit flies , can help scientists unravel the secrets of the human brain . ` Knowing that sleep and memory overlap in the fly brain can allow researchers to narrow their search in humans , ' Ms Christmann said . ` Eventually , it could help us figure out how sleep or memory is affected when things go wrong , as in the case of insomnia or memory disorders . ' This research was funded by the National Institute of Health .