Justin Rose might just have made the most important pencil mark of his entire career to put himself in contention at Augusta this weekend . The 2013 US Open champion ended the day on seven under , sharing third place and is one of a handful of players hanging on to the coat tails of runaway leader Jordan Spieth . But it took a neat bit of psychology to rescue his round after a disastrous start as he tried to build on his opening-day 67 . Rose bogeyed three of the first four holes , finding himself playing from the trees as he recovered from wayward tee shots . And that was where the magic pencil line came to his rescue . He revealed : ` I was feeling really uncomfortable with my game , so I drew a line on my scorecard at that point , like you draw a line in the sand . Justin Rose battled back from a nightmare start and is in contention at Augusta . Rose tees off at the 18th as he now sits joint third , seven shots behind runaway leader Jordan Spieth . Rose flips his club after hitting from a trap on the 13th during a decent round for the Englishman . ` I told myself to move on and take one shot at a time . I made a great birdie at the 5th and that rallied me , and after that I played with the same rhythm as the first day . ' The dramatic transformation was then followed by a spectacular back nine with birdies at both par threes , putting tee shots to within a few feet of the hole both times . And 34-year-old Rose believes the change of fortune can continue into the weekend . He said : ` I 'm starting seven back and Jordan has played beautifully so far , but we all know a lot can happen . There 's magic out there on this course and it 's up to me to make something special happen . ' Maybe Ian Poulter could borrow Rose 's pencil after a disappointing day in which his putter could n't get going . He was par for the round after bogeying the 18th and sits at one over for the tournament . He said on Twitter : ` Really disappointed . It 's simply unacceptable and disgraceful putting -- 34 putts for level par is pathetic . ' Earlier , 19-year-old Scot Bradley Neil had a tough day , shooting a 79 and finishing 13 over . He has ben tipped for big things by Rory McILroy but admitted : ` I 'd prepared well for this , but it shows my game is not good enough yet , ' he admitted . ` I need to work hard on it if I want to get back here . '