Diego Costa has identified Chelsea 's crunch clash against Arsenal for his latest hamstring injury comeback . The Spain international limped off just 11 minutes after coming on as a substitute in Chelsea 's 2-1 win over Stoke on Saturday . Costa has been told he will miss just over two weeks following his latest hamstring setback , a problem that has dogged him all season . Diego Costa is unlikely to miss the entirety of Chelsea 's title run-in and could return within two weeks . Costa limped off just 11 minutes into his return from injury in Chelsea 's 2-1 win over Stoke City on Saturday . Costa is likely to be fit to face Arsenal in what could prove a key game in Chelsea 's title run-in . The striker will not do any ball work at the club 's Cobham HQ this week , instead focusing on strength sessions and intensive massages on the injured muscle . Costa is also expected to see a specialist before he is given the green light to step up his rehabilitation regime . The striker will definitely miss the games against Queens Park Rangers and Manchester United . But the league leaders face second placed Arsenal , in a clash that could prove pivotal in the title race on April 26 and Costa is said to be determined to play . Chelsea 's trip to the Emirates Stadium is the most likely date for Costa to return to Jose Mourinho 's side . Costa has pulled out of a planned in-store appearance at Chelsea 's club shop on Wednesday . But Jose Mourinho will not take any unnecessary risks with his star striker and could decide against fielding Costa against the Gunners if the title is virtually sewn up by then . Depending on how the title race develops , the the club are considering giving Costa an extended break between now and the end of the season to help him overcome his hamstring problems . Mourinho is determined to avoid the need for surgery and may decide to use the striker sparingly for the run-in depending on how close the title race pans out . The Chelsea striker had been subbed off against Hull City before the international break with a similar injury . Mourinho will be delighted by the news that his top scorer could be back soon , although he will miss him . In the meantime , Loic Remy is likely to lead the line in the Blues ' short trip to face QPR on Sunday afternoon .