Imagine a future where humans are skiing on the surface of a distant moon and living in floating cities on Venus - while Earth lies in ruin . That 's the future envisioned by an artist in a fantastic series of ` tourism ' posters , showcasing his dream for how we might one day explore the stars . And he hopes the posters encourage us to expand our presence into the solar system - especially as our planet is vulnerable to cosmic disasters . Scroll down for video . Artist Frank McKeever from Florida created these amazing posters . They show how we could colonise various worlds in the solar system . Included are humans skiing on a moon of Uranus and living in cities on Mars . Others show life on Europa and near Saturn - and a destroyed Earth -LRB- shown -RRB- . The posters were created by artist and entrepreneur Frank McKeever , 28 , from St Augustine in Florida and his colleague Miranda . Mr McKeever runs an art business called Science Hype with his wife Nicole , where each of these posters can be bought . All the posters seen here are hand-drawn , and then taken into Photoshop and Illustrator to finish them off . Mr McKeever told MailOnline his inspiration for the posters came from his love of travel , retro-style designs and a love of space . ` To us , it 's reminiscent of ads that were displayed during the 60s , and seeing as that was the time of the Space Race , it just made sense to present space posters in that medium , ' he said . Perhaps the most striking image is the one of Earth seemingly destroyed and uninhabitable . It 's a future that has left many experts to recently call for more effort to be made to protect Earth from threats such as asteroids - and expand our presence into the solar system . ` The destroyed Earth was big for me , ' said Mr McKeever . ` I began thinking about the possibility of being hit by an asteroid - especially with the fact that a huge one just flew awfully close to us a few days ago . ' Another poster shows humans living on the surface of Mars in cities , which Frank says he thinks is ` very possible ' . He added : ` I can see that happening in my lifetime . And I think it should . ' On Mercury - the closest planet to the sun - is a large crater 960 miles -LRB- 1,550 km -RRB- wide called the Caloris Basin , which Mr McKeever thinks we might explore -LRB- left -RRB- . Colonisation of Mars in the form of a city , meanwhile , is something that may also be a possibility -LRB- right -RRB- . Venus is known to have an Earth-like band in its atmosphere about 30 miles -LRB- 50 km -RRB- above the surface , where some have said it could be possible to place floating space colonies -LRB- shown -RRB- . Neptune has 14 known moons , the largest of which is Triton , which Mr McKeever thinks we might colonise -LRB- left -RRB- . Maybe one day we will also return to the moon -LRB- right -RRB- , with a destroyed Earth in the background - while one of the Apollo flags has been bleached white from radiation . Owing to the orbits of Earth and Mars , there are specific windows of opportunity when a mission can take place . Our planets come as close as 33.9 million miles -LRB- 54.6 million km -RRB- , but can be as distant as 250 million miles -LRB- 400 million km -RRB- . For this reason spacecraft to Mars , such as the Curiosity rover , have to launch in certain windows when the planets are aligned . The next window is open from January 2016 to April 2016 , and will see the launch of two more missions to the red planet . For a future manned mission , they will need to launch out in one of the windows and return in another . Just getting there will take up to nine months . The astronauts will then be there waiting for a year until they can come back , again taking up to nine months - a total of around three years . Many have wondered whether it might be possible to colonise certain corners of the solar system before . Venus , for example , is known to have an Earth-like band in its atmosphere about 30 miles -LRB- 50 km -RRB- above the surface , where some have said it could be possible to place floating space colonies . In fact , in 1985 the Soviet Union sent two balloons into the atmosphere of Venus - Vega 1 and 2 - to provide key evidence for this potentially habitable band . Europa , meanwhile , has often been said to be a potential place to find life in the solar system - and Mr McKeever has imagined we might live there one day , too . Nasa is in the process of designing its unmanned Europa Clipper spacecraft , which would arrive at the moon of Jupiter in the 2020s and fly through geysers erupting from its surface . Using specialised instruments , it might be able to detect life in an underground ocean - if there is any there . The icy moon of Miranda -LRB- shown -RRB- , meanwhile , is the smallest and innermost of the moons of Uranus . The gas giant planet is seen in the distance here above the horizon of the moon . Mr McKeever also imagines a future where we can tour the historic rings of Saturn -LRB- left -RRB- , while Europa - known for its ice surface with geysers of water erupting - may one day be ` your new home ' -LRB- right -RRB- . ` Space exploration and essentially spreading our seed is so important , ' Mr McKeever continued . ` Earth does not have enough resources to last all of us forever . We 've looked up at the stars for thousands and thousands of years , always wondering what they are . ` And now , while we do not yet have the ability to traverse the galaxy , we do have the ability to land on other terrestrial bodies such as the moon . ` And technology is getting to where we will be able to land a human on Mars in just ten or twenty years . ` That to me is absolutely remarkable . If you would have told this to someone 100 years ago , they would have thought you were out of your mind . '