An aspiring model sobbed uncontrollably yesterday as she was convicted of luring a professional gambler to his death . Leonie Granger , 25 , targeted playboy Mehmet Hassan , 56 , after spotting him flashing a roll of £ 50 notes at a casino in London 's West End . The honeytrap killer used her good looks to befriend the poker player , who showered her with gifts , cash and trips to fancy restaurants . Scroll down for video . Killing : Leonie Granger , left , has been found guilty of manslaughter over the death of Mehmet Hassan , right . But after going back to his flat with him one night she made her excuses and left the door unlocked so her boyfriend and a second thug could get inside . They tied up the father of three and kicked him to death as they ransacked his home to find his hidden winnings . Police found damning mobile phone footage of Granger and the men laughing and throwing around £ 50 notes . Yesterday , Granger wept as an Old Bailey jury cleared her of murder but found her guilty of the manslaughter of Mr Hassan . Lure : Granger , pictured with Mr Hassan in the casino , took advantage of him being a ` soft target ' Her boyfriend Kyrron Jackson and his friend Nicholas Chandler , both 28 , were convicted of murder , robbery , false imprisonment and firearms offences . The men were leading members of a gang who twice held up a South Kensington casino at gunpoint weeks earlier . Violence erupted in the dock within moments of the verdicts as Chandler swore at the judge and sparked a scuffle . He was dragged out in handcuffs . Granger cowered in the corner of the dock , shouting : ` Are you mad ? ' at a woman prison officer as she pulled shut the door to prevent anyone escaping . The tattooed killer was a care worker at a home in Gillingham for elderly dementia patients . But the ` party girl ' toured West End nightspots every evening dressed in daring outfits with plunging necklines , stalking wealthy revellers . Granger wept in the dock as she was found guilty of luring Mr Hassan to his death in March last year . Haul : Chandler is pictured throwing around £ 50 notes which he stole from Mr Hassan . Granger was found guilty by a majority of 10 to two . She met Mr Hassan at Palm Beach Casino , Mayfair , in February last year and introduced herself as ` Rachel ' . They exchanged phone numbers and he asked her out , texting : ` Maybe with your brains and my money we can make you into a great player . ' The next month the pair met up for drinks and gambling . Mr Hassan won £ 2,000 and gave her £ 1,000 ` spending money ' . A taxi driver overheard Granger talking on her mobile phone , reporting : ` This guy is a professional gambler . He has never worked a day in his life . ' The next time the pair went to a casino , Mr Hassan told staff he was on a date and appeared tipsy on champagne . Other employees remembered joking that the kissing couple should ` get a room ' . At midnight , they went back to Mr Hassan 's Islington flat -- where police believe Granger helped Jackson and Chandler get inside before leaving . As she was driven home , another taxi driver heard her say : ` Do n't tell me the money 's not there . I saw it ... look in the drawer ... look under the cabinet . ' Facing jail : Jackson , left , and Chandler , right , have both been convicted of murder . Gang : Granger , left , helped Kyrron Jackson , centre , and Nicholas Chandler , right , rob and kill the gambler . The accomplices met up later that day and were filmed spraying a room with £ 50 notes , while Jackson , wearing a gas mask , stuffed cash into his underwear . Police found Mr Hassan lying in a pool of blood after his family had raised the alarm . His knees and ankles were bound and there was a shoe print on his cheek . Investigators found he had suffered a ` vicious and sustained attack ' -- probably as his killers demanded to know where he hid his money . Honeytrap : Granger , 25 , convinced the 56-year-old victim she wanted a relationship with him . ` Couple ' : The pair are pictured together in the Palm Beach Casino in central London before Mr Hassan 's death . They fled with £ 3,000 , his TV and mobile phone , but were caught after Granger 's phone records were examined . Speaking after the verdicts yesterday , Mr Hassan 's family said his murder will ` haunt them forever ' . His daughter Stephanie Hassan added : ` Every day we miss him and we love him . ' Granger admitted being part of a honeytrap robbery plan . She was convicted of manslaughter and false imprisonment . Jackson and Chandler were convicted of murder , robbery and conspiracy to falsely imprison -- as well as two other casino robberies . All three will be sentenced on April 28 . Entrance : Granger and Mr Hassan going in to the Palm Beach Casino together .