John Hinckley Jr. has found love . Hinckley , who still spends half of his days institutionalized after being found not guilty by reason of insanity for shooting President Ronald Reagan back in 1981 , is said to have met the woman at a National Association for the Mentally Ill meeting . This was revealed by his brother Scott during a hearing to determine if Hinckley should be able to permanently live outside St. Elizabeth 's Hospital in Washington and instead with his mother , where he has resided 17 days out of the month since December 2013 . Scroll down for video . John Hinckley Jr. -LRB- above -RRB- has been dating a woman he met at a National Association for the Mentally Ill meeting . This was revealed by his brother Scott -LRB- above -RRB- during a hearing to determine if he should be released from the institution he has been at since shooting President Reagan . Hinckley currently splits his time between St. Elizabeth 's Hospital in Washington and his mother 's home in Williamsburg , Virginia -LRB- above -RRB- . Scott went on to describe his brother and his new girlfriend as ` somewhat compatible , ' though he admitted he had not met the woman . Hinckley 's mother Joan has been introduced to her son 's girlfriend reports NBC News . Hinckley shot Reagan and three others , including White House press secretary James Brady , in a bid to impress actress Jodie Foster , with whom he was obsessed . Testimony is expected to wrap up next week to determine if he can move in permanently with his mother , but it could be months before US District Judge Paul Friedman renders a decision . Prosecutor Colleen Kennedy has argued that the provisions suggested for expanded release were inadequate for a would-be presidential assassin . Hinckley also has written to killers Ted Bundy and Charles Manson , and in January he deceived doctors about where he was going when he was away from St. Elizabeths , she said . ` Now is not the time to loosen the reins of the hospital , ' she said . Hinckley 's mother Joan -LRB- above -RRB- has been introduced to her son 's girlfriend . Hinckley -LRB- left -RRB- shot Reagan and three others , including White House press secretary James Brady , in a bid to impress actress Jodie Foster in 1981 -LRB- right -RRB- . Initial testimony centered on whether Hinckley 's family could bear the financial cost of supporting him and his care . Prosecutors put the cost at $ 5,000 to $ 10,000 a month , and said the family would run out of money in one or two years . But his siblings , who both live in Dallas , said the value of their mother 's retirement fund and home totaled about $ 500,000 , and vowed to support him financially . During a 2011 hearing , prosecutors argued Hinckley repeatedly engaged in deception when away from the hospital . Secret Service agents saw him browsing books on Reagan and on other presidential assassins in 2011 instead of going to a movie , as he had told doctors he would . Brady died in August at age 73 , and a coroner determined the death was attributable to the shooting . Prosecutors declined to press charges .