A disgruntled McDonald 's customer has revealed why she allegedly assaulted a 16-year-old worker at the fast food chain over her order of fries . Amy Johnson , from Sydney , said outside court on Thursday : ` We checked our food and all the chips were not even in the cups . ' The 38-year-old mother saw red and is now facing serious assault charges after she allegedly grabbed the young woman by the neck and scratched her face . Appearing at Newtown court , in Sydney 's inner west , on Thursday , she said she became aggressive because the fries had spilled out of their containers and the McDonald 's worker used her hands to put them back in the packet . ` We gave the bag back and said , can you please place them in a cup ? , ' Ms Johnson told Channel Nine News . ` She put her hands in the bag , no gloves or nothing , picked up the chips and shoved them in the boxes and gave back the bag and that 's when we got angry and we threw the bag back and said `` make us new chips '' . ' Scroll down for video . 38-year-old Amy Johnson faces two assault charges and has faced court today after she grabbed a teenage McDonald 's worker around the neck and scratched her face . The Daily Telegraph reported Ms Johnson was a passenger in a BMW when she went through the McDonald 's drive-through at Stanmore in Sydney 's inner west on March 17 at 6.10 pm . The assault allegedly happened after her $ 60 order went wrong . When she received her food from the 16-year-old girl at the drive-through hatch , the woman allegedly threw it back into the window and demanded a new order . The young female employee asked the driver to pull into the waiting bay while a new order was prepared . But Ms Johnson then allegedly got out of the car and entered the store yelling at the teenager . Police say she grabbed the 16-year-old by the neck and scratched her face before the 21-year-old manager intervened to stop her . When she received her food from the 16-year-old girl at the drive-through hatch , the woman allegedly threw it back into the window and demanded a new order . The 38-year-old woman was a passenger in a BMW when she went through the McDonald 's drive-through at Stanmore -LRB- pictured -RRB- in Sydney 's inner west . The manager grabbed the woman 's hand and she allegedly scratched his arm before police were called and arrested her at the scene . Ms Johnson claims that the fries had fallen out of their packaging and on request to have them repacked , the teenage attendant did so with her bare hands . The mother asked to have them replaced and entered the shop after becoming impatient and became aggressive with the young worker . ` I said to her , ` what do you think we are ? ' and she said ` you 're an animal , you 're a dog , ' Johnson said . ` And then I lunged at her . ' Ms Johnson has been charged with assault occasioning actual bodily harm and common assault . She stayed silent through Thursday 's court proceedings and has not yet entered a plea . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .