Thousands of holidaymakers face up to three days of chaos and cancelled flights because of a strike by French air traffic controllers . EasyJet and BA are among a host of major airlines expected to scrap hundreds of flights thanks to the walk-out , which will start at 5 am tomorrow and run for 48 hours - with considerable knock-on disruption expected . Experts fear up to half of all flights between the UK and France could be axed , depending on how strongly the strike holds . Delays : easyJet is one of many airlines set to cancel flights over a strike by French air traffic controllers over the next three days -LRB- file photo -RRB- . Families returning from their Easter holidays and those hoping for a last-minute break will be worst affected . EasyJet is cancelling 118 flights to and from France , including 10 which either start or finish at British airports . A spokesman said : ` EasyJet has been advised of planned industrial strike action by French air traffic control services on April 8 and government transport workers on April 9 . Like all airlines flying to and from France , we expect significant impact to our flights during this period , including cancellations . ' The cancelled services include return flights between Paris Charles de Gaulle and London Gatwick , Paris and Luton , Gatwick and Toulouse , plus flights between Gatwick and Spain . The airline urged all passengers going to France to check the status of their flight online before they travel . British Airways said it was cancelling around a dozen return flights from the UK . A spokesman said : ` Early indications are that there will be significant disruption for all airlines who fly within , to and from France and who also use French airspace for over flights . ` We are doing all we can to minimise disruption to customers flying to and from France as a result of the threatened air traffic control strike . ` Unfortunately there will be some knock-on delays to other parts of our short-haul network as a result of the strike action , given how much airspace in Europe will be affected . We are sorry for any disruption to customers ' travel plans . ' Flybe said it was cancelling 16 flights including services to Paris from Manchester , Birmingham and Exeter as well as some flights from Southampton . Adding to the possible chaos , tomorrow is the first day of a new regultion which forces travel operators to check the passports of all passengers leaving Britain and pass on their details to the Home Office . Chaos : Charles de Gaulle Airport , pictured , and other French hubs will be severely affected by the strike . The strike has been called because the French air traffic union says their controllers are expected to retire later than their counterparts elsewhere in western Europe . The walk-out is one of a series planned this month , with more industrial action from April 16 to 18 and another walk-out between April 29 and May 2 . Plans for the original strike on March 25 were suspended after the fatal Germanwings crash in the French Alps . European air traffic chiefs at Eurocontrol have also warned of ` a significant risk of disruption ' , with the number of flights from France 's busiest airport down 40 per cent tomorrow and 50 per cent on Thursday . National carrier Air France , based at Charles de Gaulle Airport outside Paris , is expected to be hardest hit . Air France said up to 40 per cent of its medium haul flights to and from Paris CDG will be cancelled . Rregional subsidiary HOP ! will axe two thirds of its flights to and from Orly airport , and 40 per cent of services at other French airports . Britain 's National Air Traffic Services , which controls the airspace over the UK , said : ` We 've spoken to our operational teams and much will depend on the severity of the strike and how the airlines choose to respond in terms of their schedules . ` If it follows previous patterns we can expect a lot of airlines requesting to re-route around French airspace . That shifts the traffic from our usually very busy south coast airspace sectors to the west -LRB- Lands End -RRB- and east -LRB- Clacton and Dover -RRB- . ' A spokesman for the Civil Aviation Authority said passengers affected by the strike would not receive compensation as strike action is classed as an ` unforeseen circumstance ' outside the control of airlines . But they will be entitled to food , drink and , if necessary , hotel accommodation . Ryanair said it was cancelling more than 250 flights with more likely , branding the strike ` grossly unfair ' . Ryanair is cancelling more than 250 flights , with a spokesman branding the strike action as ` grossly unfair ' A spokesman for the budget airline said : ` Ryanair regrets to inform customers that it has been forced to cancel over 250 flights on Wednesday due to a French Air Traffic Control strike . ` Further cancellations and delays are likely and customers should check the status of their flight before leaving for the airport on the Ryanair.com website , where the latest information will be published . We sincerely apologise to all customers affected by this unwarranted strike action and we call on the EU and French authorities to take measures to prevent any further disruption . ` It 's grossly unfair that thousands of European travellers will once again have their travel plans disrupted by the selfish actions of a tiny number of French Air traffic Control workers . ` Ryanair said all affected customers have been contacted by email and text message and advised of their options - full refund , free transfer onto next available flight or free transfer onto an alternative flight routing . '