Two-time Formula One world champion Lewis Hamilton has opened up about the meaning behind his tattoos during an interview with lifestyle magazine Men 's Health . The Mercedes racer , who leads the drivers ' championship after two races of the 2015 season after finishing first and second , features on the front cover of the May edition of the popular health publication . In an interview in the latest issue of the magazine , released on Thursday April 2 the 30-year-old discusses the significance of his personal body art . Lewis Hamilton poses for the latest edition of Men 's Health magazine released on Thursday April 2 . Hamilton looks to the skies as he shows off some of his tattoos as he explains the meaning behind them . Hamilton 's tattoos and what they mean . The two-time Formula One champion features on the front cover of the new issue . ` I love my ink , ' Hamilton explains . ` They all have a meaning . I 'm very strong in my faith , so I wanted to have some religious images . I 've got Pieta , a Michelangelo sculpture of Mary holding Jesus after he came off the cross , on my shoulder . ` A sacred heart on my arm . Musical notes , because I love music . The compass on my chest is there because church is my compass . ` Family is everything for me , so I have `` family '' written on the top , across my shoulders . `` Faith '' , obviously . ` And I have `` powerful beyond measure '' written on my chest -- it 's a short bit I took out of a quote from the writer Marianne Williamson . On my back I have the cross and angel wings : rise above it , no matter what life throws at you . ' Hamilton believes the physical demands of racing are often under-estimated by fans but he describes the physical demands on his body and the amount of training required . ` Well , I 'm an athlete , but people tend not to see that with F1 drivers . I train to quite an intense level because Formula 1 is so physical -- the G-forces , the demands on your body . Your heart rate is 150 , 160 through the whole race . The Mercedes driver poses during the photoshoot for the May 's issue of Men 's Health . During the interview Hamilton discusses his body art and the physical demands of F1 . Hamilton finished second to Sebastian Vettel at the Malaysian Grand Prix last Sunday . ` On qualifying lap your heart rate can be up to 180 , 190 under tough conditions . Every year you 've got to be as light as you can . ` There 's a certain weight limit , depending on how heavy the car can be . Last year I had to lose six kilos , I went from 73 kg to 67 kg . It was hardcore ; I did n't have much to lose as it was . So I train a lot . ' The full interview appears in the May 2015 issue of Men 's Health , on sale 2nd April . Also available in digital edition on Apple Newsstand .