Police say the parents of a 3-year-old boy have been charged with endangering his welfare after they overdosed on heroin while giving him a bath in New Hampshire . Eric Carter and Stephanie McCassin , both of Manchester , were arrested on warrants Thursday , four months after the child 's grandmother and primary caretaker , Mary MacDonald , reported finding the child in the tub , with the parents passed out on Dec. 4 . Overdose : Eric Carter , 21 -LRB- right -RRB- , and Stephanie McCassin , 24 -LRB- left -RRB- , of New Hampshire , have been charged with endangering the welfare of a child after allegedly overdosing on heroin while giving their 3-year-old son a bath . Passed Out : The child 's grandmother told authorities that she went to check on the parents -LRB- photographed -RRB- and the child in the bathroom and found the two passed out on the bathroom floor while the child remained in the tub . The child was not hurt . MacDonald told Fox Boston that she saw the parents in the bathroom with the boy but grew suspicious when the three became quiet in the room . She went to check on them , she said , and found the parents passed out on the bathroom floor as the child remained in the tub , seeming oblivious to the situation . MacDonald contacted authorities and removed the 3-year-old from the tub , according to the Boston Globe . Caretaker : The child 's grandmother told authorities that she lives with her son , Carter -LRB- left -RRB- , and is the primary caretaker of the three-year-old because of Carter 's history with drugs . Twenty-one-year-old Carter and 24-year-old McCassin were taken to a hospital , where they were treated for an apparent heroin overdose . MacDonald told police that she is the child 's primary caretaker because of her son 's , Carter 's , past drug problems . It was the Department of Child and Family Services that issued the warrant for for the two holding that the parents put the child at risk , Manchester police said in a statement . Treated : Twenty-one-year-old Carter and 24-year-old McCassin -LRB- photographed -RRB- were taken to a hospital , where they were treated for an apparent heroin overdose . Both have been released on personal recognizance bail . McCassin is scheduled to appear in court Tuesday . Carter is scheduled to appear May 22 . A message left at a phone number for McCassin was not immediately returned . No phone listing for Carter could be found .