A father has admitted killing his 13-year-old son by giving him a morphine tablet when the boy complained that he was feeling ill . Kevin Morton gave his son Kye Backhouse an extremely strong painkiller , a court heard - a mistake which he says he will ` have to try and live with it for the rest of my life ' . He could now face jail after pleading guilty to manslaughter over the teenager 's death at Preston Crown Court . Tragedy : Kevin Morton , right , has admitted killing his son Kye Backhouse , left , by giving him morphine . ` Happy-go-lucky ' Kye was found dead at his home in Barrow-in-Furness , Cumbria in October last year . A previous court hearing was told that Morton , 49 , gave his son a super-strength morphine tablet because he was feeling unwell . But police and ambulance were later called to the flat , where Kye was found dead and Morton was arrested after admitting he had given his son the painkiller . He confessed to his actions in a Facebook post in December , writing : ` I loved my little boy more than anyone in the world . Death : Kye , 23 , complained of feeling unwell before his father gave him the strong painkiller . ` I gave him a tablet by mistake that was too strong for him , it 's my fault - I have to try and live with it for the rest of my life but it was an accident . ' After Kye 's death , his family released a statement paying tribute to the schoolboy . ` The family is devastated at the sudden loss of Kye , ' they said . ` He was the most amazing and much-loved young man that anybody could wish to meet - he made everyone around him smile every day and even now with him gone , he is remembered with a smile . ` The emptiness Kye has left in all our lives can only be understood by people who knew and loved him . We are so very proud of him and miss him deeply . ` We can not even begin to express our feeling of loss - we ache to hold you once more . He was a kind and loving son , brother , grandson , cousin and nephew and a friend to many . ` Kye has left a big hole in the family and things will never be the same again . ' During the latest court hearing , Morton hung his head as his barrister James Heyworth said his client made ` full and frank admissions ' in police interviews . He was released on bail ahead of sentencing in June , but was warned that he is likely to face jail after pre-sentence reports are prepared for the court . Judge Anthony Russell QC told Morton : ` You have pleaded guilty to a very serious offence . ` As you appreciate , the likely outcome of this case is a custodial sentence . But it 's important for the court to have as much information about you as possible in order to assess both the nature of the sentence and the length of it . '