Lord Janner , pictured , is alleged to have sexually assaulted young men in the 1970s and 1980s in children 's homes in Leicestershire . His alleged victims could bring civil claims against him . Lord Greville Janner - the Labour peer accused of molesting young boys in the 1970s and 1980s - could be tested by experts to prove he has dementia as part of civil claims brought by his alleged victims , a lawyer has said . The family of the 86-year-old politician has been told he will not face child abuse charges because of his memory problems , but he could still face civil action from complainants . Legal firm Slater & Gordon are representing several people looking to take private action against Lord Janner , with police having identified 25 people who say the Labour peer attacked them . Each could claim up to £ 100,000 . Lord Janner has been accused of preying on young boys at three Leicester care homes between 1969 and 1989 , with prosecutors arguing there is ` overwhelming ' cause to charge the former MP with 22 sex attacks on nine victims - the youngest aged just 10 at the time . Richard Scorer , head of the abuse team at Slater & Gordon , told Jamie Doward at The Observer newspaper that they were investigating the prospect of having Lord Janner examined by third-party expert witnesses . ` I have certainly dealt with civil claims before where the alleged abuser has claimed to have dementia and we have been able to have them medically examined in relation to that , ' he said . ` It is something we could consider doing . It would depend on the detailed evidence that is available about his medical condition but , potentially , there is provision in the civil law for us to do that . ' The director of public prosecutions Alison Saunder when she decided not to pursue the charges of historic sex abuse . She said there was ` no public interest ' in prosecuting Lord Janner because of his dementia , adding that his illness made him unfit to plead - amid accusations of a 45-year cover-up over his alleged actions . Scroll down for video . Prosecutors say there is substantial cause to charge Lord Janner with 22 charges of sexual assault on nine victims , but the director for public prosecutions sad the extent of his dementia made him unfit to face trial . Lord Janner with the Queen in 2003 . In the same month his Westminster office was raiding by police the deeds to his £ 2million house were transferred to his children . Lawyers are questioning the extent of his dementia . Ms Saunder admitted that Lord Janner should have been prosecuted on three separate occasions - in 1991 , 2002 and 2007 , but botched investigations each time meant he escaped a prosecution . The CPS has been accused of double standards , after a MailOnline investigation revealed that at least 19 men with dementia have been convicted of child sex offences since 2010 , including 10 in the last year . Lord Janner voted in the House of Lord 210 times between his Alzheimer 's diagnosis and the end of 2013 , leading some to suggest he could have been prosecuted if authorities had acted sooner . His alleged victims will be seeking compensation if evidence of wrongdoing is uncovered . The family of Lord Janner say he is innocent . However , this has been made more difficult since Lord Janner transferred ownership of his Hampstead Heath flat , estimated to be worth around £ 2million , in March 2014 . The transfer took place in the same month that police raided the politician 's office in Westminster . Director of public prosecutions Alison Saunders has come under fire for refusing to prosecute Lord Janner after saying his dementia would make him unfit to plead - admitting he should have been prosecuted before . Slater & Gordon represents 168 of Jimmy Savile 's victims and 10 of former Liberal MP for Rochdale Cyril Smith . Mr Scorer said he believes it is ` outrageous ' that allegations of sex abuse are only being investigated now , adding that the transfer of Lord Janner 's assets would not put off the clients from pursuing legal actions . ` The question I would ask is : if he actually has dementia , on what basis does he have the capacity to transfer ownership of assets ? ' he said . There appears to be a contradiction between saying on the one hand that ` he has dementia ' and on the other that he has been able to effect a transfer of assets . ` If there 's evidence that the transaction has been done to avoid potential creditors that is something we could challenge . '