Bikini-clad models needed a head for heights as they took to this catwalk in China - 2,000 metres high on a mountainside . The girls put aside their fear of heights as they paraded along the narrow footpath in red bikinis and black high heels in a ` test of their composure ' as part of a Chinese beauty pageant . The challenge was part of the central China stage of the annual Miss Bikini of the Universe contest , which has been running since 2005 , according to the People 's Daily Online . Do n't look down : Models at a beauty pageant look a little unsure as they stand on a glass walkway , 2,000 metres up in Luoyang . Holding on : Many of the models held onto the safety railings as they made their way up the cliff pathway to take part in the competition . ` First of all , it allowed us to become more courageous , and second it allowed us to practice our most fundamental skills , ' said contestant , Yang Ningqing . ` This catwalk , even though it was a very crude catwalk , allowed us to show off our most beautiful posture . ' Another contestant , Wang Linwei , said : ` I have never done training on a cliff , I 'm not going to lie , it is a little scary . ' The uneven footpath along the side of the Luanchuan Laojun mountain in Henan Province , central China , is only one-metre wide , which did little to ease nerves . Stunning scenery : The girls strike a pose for the beauty pageant which was held amid a stunning backdrop in Luoyang , in the Henan province of China . Treading carefully : The high-heeled beauty pageant models make careful steps up the cliff pathway , which is 2,000 metres up . Strike a pose : Judges at the contest said they wanted to make sure the contestants could keep their cool under pressure . Some models decided to kick off their heels and walk bare-footed to negotiate the potholes . While the girls seemed to enjoy themselves , some Chinese social media users criticised organisers for making them strut along the side of a mountain . One user wrote : ` Who is it that came up with such a bad idea to torture the beauties ? It is so windy on the mountains . Try getting your daughter up on the cliff with bikinis on . ' The girls were competing to get to the national final in Beijing . It is not the first the time that organisers have pushed their contestants to their limit . Last year , models in north east China were made to parade in bikinis despite it being -16 degrees Celsius . Climbing legs : The beauty pageant models strike a pose as they get to the top of a 2,000 ft climb up a cliff pathway in the Henan province of China . Tough trek : The mountainous scenery provides a breathtaking backdrop as the models make their way to the viewing platform at the top . Grin and bare it : The girls were pushed to extreme heights as they climbed up the mountain path in central China while wearing high heels .