A New York photographer built an elaborate indoor set on a Brooklyn sidewalk for a man to propose to his girlfriend on Valentine 's Day . Justin Bettman caught the media 's attention a few months ago when he began his ` Set in the Street ' project . Bettman , sometimes with the help of designer Gozde Eker , would build sets that , in pictures , looked like the inside of a living room , child 's bedroom , or a bathroom complete with a clawfoot tub . Jose Luis proposed to his girlfriend on a set designed and built by New York photographer Justin Bettman . Although it looks like a dining room , the photo shoot actually took place on the edge of the water in Williamsburg , Brooklyn , where the couple had their first date . But zoom out of the picture and it was revealed that Bettman was actually building these sets right on the street , using mostly furniture that had been given away or left for garbage . Bettman 's work caught the attention of Jose Luis , who saw a feature on the photographer in New York Magazine and sent him an email with an idea , according toPetaPixel . ` I am planning to propose to my girlfriend , and I was wondering if there is a way for you to help me do it , ' he wrote . ` As you can understand , I am not the richest man in the world . I am simply in love . ' Bettman said after he read the email there ` was n't even a question ' on whether he would say yes . ` Of course I was going to build a set for this guy to propose on , ' he said in a video chronicling the proposal . Bettman told Daily Mail Online that Luis ' girlfriend thought they had been cast in a photo shoot before Luis got down on one knee and popped the question . The set was built on the edge of the water in Williamsburg , Brooklyn , the very spot where Luis and his girlfriend had their first date . Bettman and his crew began building the dining room on the snow-covered ground at 4 am , using furniture they had found on Craigslist , friends ' apartments and right off the sidewalk . Meanwhile , Luis told his girlfriend that he had submitted them for a casting to be in a photo shoot by a random photographer he found on Craigslist . After Luis revealed to his girlfriend they had been chosen for the shoot , they arrived on the set and Bettman pretended he had never met either of them , the photographer told Daily Mail Online . Bettman and his crew began building the dining room on the snow-covered ground at 4 am , using furniture they had found on Craigslist , friends ' apartments and right off the sidewalk . Bettman -LRB- pictured -RRB- caught the media 's attention when he began his Set in the Street project in December 2014 . Bettman than directed the couple through a regular photoshoot , before asking Luis if he wanted to try any poses that the photographer had n't asked for yet . That 's when Luis popped the question . ` It was pretty surreal to see him get down on one knee and ask her , ' Bettman told Daily Mail Online . ` It was emotional for everyone -- my makeup artist started crying . ' After the excited girlfriend said yes , Bettman left the set standing , as he does with all his creations . Bettman posted a sign that invited passerbys to pose and take pictures with the set and share their photos on Instagram under the hashtag #setinthestreet , so that people could see how it transformed with both time and different personalities . The photographer now leaves his sets after he finishes his photo shoots , inviting passerbys to take photographs and add their own spin to the backdrops . The proposal project was especially special to Bettman , who told Daily Mail Online it was surreal to watch .