An obese mother who enjoyed takeaways and boozy nights out has lost more than seven stone after a child on a bus pointed at her and asked whether she was pregnant . Lizzi Crawford , 32 , tipped the scales at 20 stone when she overheard the young bus passenger ask his mum : ` Has she got a baby in her belly ? ' The embarrassing remark left the mother-of-six , from Stoke-on-Trent , mortified but inspired her to ditch her unhealthy lifestyle and shed the pounds , slimming down to a healthier 12.5 st. Lizzi Crawford dropped over 7st after a stranger mistook her for being pregnant . Lizzi had reached a size 24 dress after living on a diet of burgers , pizzas and kebabs . But she also devoured liquid calories in the form of wine and spirits . However Lizzi never realised how big she had got until she heard the pregnancy remark on the bus . She said : ` It started when I was taking my kids to school and we were sitting on the bus . A kid then looked at me and said : `` Has she got a baby in her belly ? '' ' Lizzi now admits that she was living an extremely unhealthy lifestyle . She continued : ` It was terrible . I was being a slob to be honest . Lizzi piled on the pounds thanks to a boozy lifestyle and diet of takeaways , pizzas and kebabs . As well as her battle to lose weight Lizzi also won her battle against cervical cancer . ` I was eating burgers , takeaways , pizzas , kebabs and drinking - mainly wine and spirits mixed with Dr Pepper . ` I knew I had to do something about my weight for the sake of my children . ' In a serious bid to slim down Lizzi began cooking healthier meals and joining fitness and self-defense classes which saw her lose over 7st . Incredibly , she achieved her goal despite suffering the set-back of being diagnosed with cervical cancer in October 2012 . As well as winning her fight against the disease following a hysterectomy and cancer treatment she has now won her battle against the bulge . Lizzi , who works a cleaner , kept fit by attending self-defense classes at T6 Fight Club in Burslem , Stoke-on-Trent . She also discovered Hourglass training - a fitness programme designed to keep a woman 's curves while she gets healthy . Lizzi says that having support from other women at her gym helped her to achieve her goal . Lizzi joined the gym and began hourglass training and says that she is now addicted to fitness . ` I began to build relationships with the people at the gym . The girls were egging me on to eat well - they all cheer each other on . ` I 've got some of the best friends I 've ever made there . They do n't look down their noses at you and you 're always made to feel welcome . ' The slimmer says she is now ` addicted ' to her fitness classes and goes five times every week . She added that losing the weight has helped her mental being as well as her physical being . ` I can do a lot more things now . I can walk more places and do more with the kids - I can even do simple tasks like getting up and down the stairs easier now . ` It 's helped me mentally because it was depressing when I was heavy , but since I started Hourglass , that has just gone . ` The weight loss has helped me in the workplace too . I find I can get around much quicker and finish earlier - it used to take me ages . ` Now I can spend more time with the kids . ' Lizzi 's mum , Mary Crawford , 57 , said her daughter 's slimming efforts had been ` amazing ' . She added : ` She 's found out about cooking the right way , she 's been going to the gym and riding bikes . ` She 's stuck at it and I think it 's amazing what she 's done . I 'm really pleased , and I believe she will keep it off as she 's found a routine that suits her . ` She 's like the old Lizzi I used to know as a little girl . '