Franck Ribery says his relationship with Louis van Gaal was ` poisoned ' at Bayern Munich and claims the current Manchester United coach is a ` bad man ' who loses players ' trust . Van Gaal took charge of the Bavarians in 2009 but only lasted two years , with Ribery admitting he considered a move while the Dutchman was at the club . The French winger says that while Van Gaal , who claimed a league and cup double in his first season , can do great things on the pitch , he did not take to him off it . Franck Ribery worked under Louis van Gaal at Bayern Munich and claims the Dutchman is a ` bad man ' Van gaal won the league and cup double in his first season in charge at Bayern in 2009/10 . Ribery claims Van Gaal lost the players ' trust while he considered a move away from the Bundesliga club . ` We had problems on a human basis , ' Ribery told Goal . ` When he started , nobody knew what was going to happen . ` His idea was that he did not care about names at all , you do n't need stars , everybody had to prove themselves again . ` The first contact with him was already poisoned . As a professional you lose your trust . He does great things on the pitch but the coach Van Gaal was a bad man . Our relationship was crushed . ' Ribery also claimed that Real Madrid tried to sign him in 2009 , only to be persuaded to stay in Germany after being told he was as important to Bayern as Lionel Messi was to Barcelona . As well as the La Liga giants , he admitted Chelsea and Manchester City as well a host of top European clubs were interested in acquiring his services . He added : ` It was a burden . Many clubs tried to persuade me to change : Real Madrid , Barcelona , Juventus , Chelsea , Manchester City . You start to think . I made up my mind about where my future should lie . I think that this is human . ' Ribery celebrates after scoring against Shakhtar Donetsk in this year 's Champions League . Van Gaal is currently the Manchester United manager with his side sitting in third place in the Premier League .