His turn as Doctor Who was among the shortest incarnations of the Time Lord in the programme 's 52-year-history . But Christopher Eccleston has now suggested he quit the show after falling out with bosses over his decision to play the character with a strong northern accent . The 51-year-old actor , who grew up in Manchester , played the Doctor for just 13 episodes during the first series of the show 's revival in 2005 . Scroll down for video . Too northern ? Christopher Eccleston -LRB- pictured with Billie Piper on Doctor Who -RRB- has suggested he quit the show after falling out with show bosses over his decision to play the character with a strong northern accent . He proved a huge hit with fans , but only stayed for one run after falling out with then show boss Russell T Davies . Asked about his controversial departure from the programme , he told Radio Times : ` I wanted to move him away from RP -LSB- received pronunciation -RSB- for the first time because we should n't make a correlation between intellect and accent , although that still needs addressing . ` I hope I 'll be remembered as one of the Doctors . I have no ill feeling towards the character or the series . ' He has previously hinted about a row with the show 's bosses , saying of his tenure in the role : ` I did n't agree with the way things were being run , or like the culture that grew up around the series . ' A total of twelve actors have played the Time Lord since the show first began in 1963 . They include William Hartnell , Patrick Troughton and Jon Pertwee , and more recently the likes of Paul McGann and Matt Smith . The 51-year-old actor played the Doctor for just 13 episodes in 2005 . The most recent incarnation is played by Scottish actor Peter Capaldi . The first Doctor Who episode was broadcast in November 1963 and the programme now attracts audiences of up to 16 million . The series has been sold to over 200 countries . The third son of working-class parents , Eccleston was brought up in Salford before going on to star in BBC drama series Our Friends in the North in 1996 . He has also delivered a withering verdict on privileged actors such as Oscar-winner Eddie Redmayne and Benedict Cumberbatch , claiming an increase in privately-educated stars is leading to ` a milky , anodyne culture ' . He added : ` I still feel insecure , like a lot of my working-class contemporaries . I had a sense acting was n't for me because I 'm not educated . I was a skinny , awkward-looking bugger with an accent , as I still am . ` British society has always been based on inequality , particularly culturally . I 've lived with it , but it 's much more pronounced now , and it would be difficult for someone like me to come through . ` You ca n't blame Eddie Redmayne -LSB- Eton -RSB- , Benedict Cumberbatch -LSB- Harrow -RSB- and others taking their opportunities but it will lead to a milky , anodyne culture . To an extent that 's already happened . ` I confess I do n't watch much film or television drama but I 'm aware of the predominance of white , male roles . It 's not just about the working class . There ' s not enough writing for women or people of colour . ` It frustrates me when they insist on doing all-male Shakespearean productions -- a wonderful intellectual exercise , maybe , but it 's outrageous because it 's putting a lot of women out of work . '