Gerard Pique has heaped praise on Barcelona 's attacking trio of Luis Suarez , Lionel Messi and Neymar , claiming he has never seen a relationship like theirs . The Spanish giants are in France ahead of their crucial Champions League quarter-final tie against Paris Saint-Germain , and Pique took some time out to wax lyrical about his team-mates . Speaking to UEFA.com , the Spain centre back said : ` I 've never before seen a relationship like the one between Luis -LSB- Suárez -RSB- , Ney -LSB- Neymar -RSB- and Leo -LSB- Messi -RSB- . Lionel Messi pictured arriving for a training session with Barcelona on Tuesday morning . The Spanish giants are in France ahead of their crucial Champions League quarter-final tie against PSG . Neymar was among those turning up for training with Luis Suarez following behind the forward . Suarez , Neymar and Messi -LRB- left-right -RRB- have a special relationship , according to Gerard Pique . Pique says Barcelona 's impressive front three have a relationship like nothing he has seen before . Messi , alongside team-mate Pique -LRB- right -RRB- , train at Parc des Princes ahead of Wednesday night 's match . ` We 're talking about three of the best players in the world . ' Continuing , and perhaps in a sideways swipe at the relationship between Gareth Bale and Cristiano Ronaldo at La Liga rivals Real Madrid , Pique said : . ` Being a footballer always goes hand in hand with a certain amount of egotism , but those three really do have a special relationship . In Madrid , there has been much speculation over Cristiano Ronaldo 's -LRB- left -RRB- frustration with Gareth Bale . Barcelona are preparing for their Champions League quarter-final match against Paris Saint-Germain . ` They get on superbly . There 's no hint of jealousy and that shows on the pitch . ' Ronaldo 's frustration with Bale has received much media attention over the last month , culminating in the Portugal star 's non-celebration and apparent frustration at Bale taking the limelight to score a goal against Levante in March . Over in Barcelona , the Nou Camp 's front three have a combined 88 goals between them in all competitions this season , and could add to that when they take to the field at the Parc des Princes on Wednesday night .