Everybody knows that New York is called ` The Big Apple ' , that London is known as ` The Old Smoke ' and that Paris is referred to as ` The City of Love ' -- but do you know why ? Some nicknames refer to the ancient heritage of the city , some refer to the industry found in the city , some refer to the cities ' environment -- there are a variety of reasons these cities have earned their unique monikers . Flights company Just The Flight have researched city nicknames all over the world , finding out the real stories behind each and every one of them to produce a handy infographic . Taking a wild guess at why Las Vegas is often referred to as ` Sin City ' , for example , might seem incredibly obvious - but the nickname actually came about before the Las Vegas was even built . In fact , it stemmed from a street known as Block 16 that became famous in the early 1900s for selling alcohol and for offering prostitution . Harry Peters , from Just The Flight , told MailOnline Travel : ` Block 16 and the surrounding area was demolished after the Second World War , and Las Vegas as we know it today was built up around it -- but the ` Sin City ' nickname has stuck , and is still rather relevant today . ' Singapore , or ` Lion City ' , is another interesting one . ` Singapura ' literally translates to ` Lion City ' but the reason for the name came about as the founder , Sir Stamford Raffles , supposedly saw a merlion -- a mix between a mermaid and a lion -- despite lions not even being native to the city at all . Some nicknames come from terms journalists have used to describe the city and some , such as Dallas being known as ` Big D' , do n't quite have the same history to them . Las Vegas is known as Sin City now for it 's gambling and temptation - but the nickname dates back to a building used by prostitutes . The history of Philadelphia is recognised by its nickname of ` The City Of Brotherly Love ' . English Quaker William Penn founded the city in 1682 and wanted it to be a place of harmony and substance . Amsterdam in the Netherlands is known for its great number of canals , and so even if you did n't know , you could understand why it is known as ` The Venice Of The North . ' Venice , however is n't known as ` The Amsterdam Of The South ' . The northeastern city has the tag ` The Bride Of The Sea , ' that relates to a ceremony where the doge -LRB- leader -RRB- throws a ring into the sea so that Venice is ` married . ' And Paris might be known as ` The City Of Love ' for its romantic architecture and stunning landmarks , but it is tagged ` The City Of Light ' after it became the first in Europe to use electric street lamps .