Tony Fernandes spoke of his despair after his Queens Park Rangers team twice threw away a lead against Aston Villa , with the Rangers chairman watching the scenes at Villa Park from afar on his iPhone . Christian Benteke 's hat-trick earned a draw for Villa , with his last goal coming just seven minutes before full-time , and within five minutes of what had looked like a winner from Charlie Austin . Matt Phillips had earlier given QPR the lead in the first half but taking all three points was n't to be for the relegation-threatened visitors and they had to settle for a point at Villa Park . Tony Fernandes spoke of his despair after his Queens Park Rangers team twice threw away a lead . Fernandes , Rangers chairman , was watching the 3-3 draw at Villa Park from his iPhone away from the game . Taking all three points was n't to be for the relegation-threatened visitors and they had to settle for a point . And Fernandes , currently in Malaysia , spoke of his experience of a variety of emotions while watching the game from the other side of the world . ` It 's a strange thing thus QPR love , ' he tweeted . ` I went to bed at 1 in the morning . I got up exactly at 2.45 am . No alarm . My heart knew it 's QPR time . ` I watched the game on my iPhone all kinds of emotions . Despair , disappointment , joy , but most important pride . 4 points from two away games . ' Fernandes revealed that Richard Dunne and Leroy Fer could return for Sunday 's visit of Chelsea and that Yun Suk-young would also return after that game . The character of QPR 's Clint Hill and Chris Ramsey were praised by their club 's chairman on Twitter . Charlie Austin looked like he might have scored a late winner for QPR but Christian Benteke equalised . Clint Hill scored his first Barclays Premier League goal for Rangers ' second , and Fernandes was delighted with the display of the veteran centre back , even if he did fail to get to grips with the prolific Benteke . He also reserved praise for manager Chris Ramsey . ` Clint hill typified our fighting spirit , ' he posted . ` As I 've always said players playing for the badge and Chris Ramsey what a pro . ' Finally , Fernandes posted some cryptic tweets as to his own future at the club , perhaps hinting that he would be leaving . Hill had equalised in the second half after hosts Villa led 2-1 at the break courtesy of Benteke 's two goals . Matt Phillips opened the scoring for Rangers but they found themselves pegged back by brilliant Benteke . Fernandes is also Global CEO of AirAsia , the airline that saw flight QZ8501 go missing late last year . ` It 's been a tough three months since December 28th . Abuse , tragedy , close friends gone but I never stopped believing in all that we do , ' Fernandes said . ` The decision on my future has been made . 6 games 18 points . Never stop believing rangers fans . Les also a hero . Never stop believing . ' QPR stay inside the relegation zone but moved up to 18th place with the draw . They face Chelsea at Loftus Road on Sunday in what is sure to be another occasion to play on supporters ' , and the owners ' , emotions .