Do n't you wish your travel photos looked like this ? Young couple Jay Alvarrez and Alexis Rene love nothing more than travelling the world ... and then snapping impossibly glamorous pictures at each location . The extreme sportsman is also a photographer and it certainly helps when taking spectacular holiday photos that his girlfriend is a model . The pair share their stunning and carefree images on Jay 's tumblr blog as well as on Instagram , where Jay has 735,000 followers and Alexis an impressive 1.1 million . Their travels take them across the globe , from their California base to Hawaii and Indonesia . For Jay , the subject of his photos is always his beautiful girlfriend , but the pair also capture intimate shots of themselves together enjoying beach time , sunsets , amazing helicopter journeys and surfing . Jay has even produced a YouTube video to show his lifestyle , jetsetting from LAX Airport , driving a Ferrari , adopting a puppy with his girlfriend and surfing and snowboarding . Parachute jumps from helicopters and hot air balloons also make up the adventurers ' existence - all the while looking like Calvin Klein models . At the end of the video , Jay simply asks his girlfriend : ` Where do you want to go next , baby ? ' Scroll down for video ... Jay Alvarrez and Alexis Rene share their amazing travel snaps on their Instagram pages and Jay 's tumblr page . The holiday snaps are guaranteed to trump yours , thanks to the model-like subjects and great photography . The beautiful pair love nothing more than snapping amazing photos together enjoying the sunshine around the world . Jay indulges in a variety of adventure sports from surfing to parachuting out of helicopters and hot air balloons . The pair share snaps from Hawaii , Indonesia and their home state of California where they enjoy a carefree life on the beach . While Jay has 750,000 followers on Instagram , Alexis boasts 1.1 million for the shots her boyfriend takes of her . Adventurer Jay is also the subject of photos when he is taking part in extreme sports such as parachuting . The enamoured pair share a multitude of photos from Malibu and a particularly good look-out spot on top of a cliff . The pair appear to spend most of their time in swimwear enjoying the sun sea and sand lifestyle they lead . From selfies in helicopters to action surf shots , it 's not just romantic pictures the pair share online . The couple appear very much in love in their picture-perfect snaps as they play up to the camera to create fun-loving shots . Jay and Alexis live in an LA apartment together and appear to spend the majority of their lives on the beach . Jay loves nothing more than making his model girlfriend the subject of his snaps which he posts on his tumblr acocunt . Dramatic scenic shots also make up Jay 's collection , taken in Hawaii , Indonesia and California . The sportsman also focuses a lot of his photos on surfing , with amazing action shots taken in the sea . The fun-loving couple take a lot of shots of themselves enjoying the amazing views across California . Alexis also joins in with the action , climbing up a terrifying rocky outcrop in this snap .