James Gregoire , pictured , was killed following a late night ` altercation ' in Clacton , Essex . A 21-year-old man has been arrested after a man died following a late-night brawl in Clacton last night . The suspect from Clacton was arrested on suspicion of murder at 11.40 am . He is being questioned in connection with the death of the man , who was named locally as James Gregoire . The 54-year-old victim , known as ` Pongo ' was killed in what Essex Police are describing as ` an altercation ' in the town . Officers have closed off a large area of Clacton town centre as forensic specialists conduct a finger-tipped search of the crime scene . A second man was seriously injured in the brawl although his injures are not described as life threatening . A third man suffered minor injuries . It is understood that the brawl continued across the town until one man collapsed and died . All of those involved in the incident are believed to be known to each other and are from the area . A large area of Clacton 's town centre was cordoned off this morning as forensic officers conducted a full search of the scene looking for evidence . The incident started at a property on High Street before the brawl spread across the town . Mr Gregorie 's body was found in an alleyway between Beach Road and the town 's Covered Market . Two of the major shopping roads in the town , Station Road and Pier Avenue have been closed as well as the alleyway where the body was found . Businesses in the area have been warned that large sections of the town will be closed for much of the day as the forensic investigation continues . Mr Gregorie 's son Nathan posted a tribute on Facebook : ` r.i.p daddy I cnt believe ur gone I dnt know wat to say I ai n't seen u in awhile ima miss u so f ****** much love you forever and always . ' Mr Gregoire , was jailed for two years in February 2012 after he was caught trying to sell crack cocaine following an undercover police sting . Police believe Mr Gregoire was killed as a result of a brawl that carried on across Clacton 's town centre . Essex Police have closed off a large area of Clacton 's shopping district while forensic searches continue . Forensic officers gathered evidence across a large area of Clacton due to the size of the crime scene . Superintendent Steve Ditchburn , who is leading the murder investigation said : ` Unfortunately due to the large number of scenes and the extensive cordon day-to-day business in Clacton town centre has been severely disrupted . ` This is necessary to ensure as much early evidence is gathered as possible but we are working as quickly as we can to keep disruption to a minimum . ` I would like to appeal to anyone who has information about the incident , saw any men in and around the Rosemary Road and Station Road areas of the town at around 11.30 pm last night , or who has any information which may assist detectives , to contact us as soon as possible . ' An Essex police spokesman added : ` Any witnesses or anyone who has information should contact detectives in Clacton on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 . ' Mr Gregoire 's son Nathan led tributes to his late father on his Facebook page earlier this morning . Police confirmed they arrested a 21-year-old man earlier today on suspicion of Mr Gregoire 's murder . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .