An outraged food blogger who alleges Instagram fitness star Ashy Bines used her recipes in an e-book without crediting her or asking if she could publish them in a book said she was ` devastated ' to find her work had been taken . Sydney personal trainer Allie Dodds , 24 , regularly published recipes for her friends and family on her Mealspiration blog before she started her business , Sweets and Sweat , in September 2013 . Her gourmet recipes caught the eye of Ms Bines , a Gold Coast businesswoman and successful personal trainer , in 2012 . Ms Dodds said Ms Bines contacted her asking if she could share her recipes online with her Facebook fan base and she agreed . ` I thought , that was OK she 's going to share a couple of my recipes , give me some credit and that was it , ' she told Daily Mail Australia . But she said she was stunned when a colleague noticed her Salmon and Cauliflower Sushi recipe in a 2012 edition of Ms Bines ' Clean Eating Recipe Book . Ashy Bines -LRB- pictured with a green smoothie -RRB- was the subject of appalling abuse after posting a video admitting recipes in her clean eating e-package had been plagiarised . She did not respond to Daily Mail Australia 's questions after a blogger came forward suggesting she had also been plagiarised from on Tuesday . Ms Bines is a successful health coach and entrepreneur is best known for her 12 week Ashy Bines Bikini Body Challenge . Programs such as hers and Bikini Body Guide author Kayla Itsines have become increasingly popular . Personal trainer Allie Dodds -LRB- pictured -RRB- alleges her sushi and cauliflower recipe and others were placed in Ms Bines ' book without permission . She runs the Instagram account The.Sweet.Sweat . ` I said `` can you show me ? '' and it was my pictures and my recipe . ` I just could n't believe it ... That 's really nasty . ` It was just Ashy 's Guidelines and zero mention of my name or my blog and I was just like `` you 're kidding me '' . ` At first I was a little bit excited and then I was pretty devastated -LRB- not to be credited -RRB- . ' Ms Dodds said recipes inside the guide included her Kanga Rolls , Chicken Mince Quiche and others . She contacted Ms Bines in July 2013 to question her use of recipes and photos but never heard back . Ms Bines admitted in a video statement reported overnight that 10 recipes contained within her Clean Eating Diet Plan had been stolen . She said it happened because she ` outsourced ' the recipe component to an unnamed nutritionist . ' Ms Bines did not respond to Daily Mail Australia 's questions over whether she was referring to Ms Dodd 's recipes . A spokeswoman said she was ` in meetings all day ' . In her video message earlier this week , Ms Bines said : ` By outsourcing this to a nutritionist I was trying to give you all something of value and to come up with delicious recipes from the food I suggested . ` Unfortunately I may have been too naïve to think that I would n't have check the origins of each recipe instead trusting that the work would be completed in an honest and professional manner . The 26-year-old -LRB- left -RRB- has earned an enormous social media , with almost one million followers on social media . Allie 's blog : This recipe appeared on Ms Dodds ' blog , Mealspiration , in 2012 . Ashy 's book : This recipe appeared in an edition of Ashy Bines ' Clean Eating Recipe Book . Access to the latest edition of Ms Bines ' Clean Eating Diet Plan currently costs $ USD75 .90 -LRB- or around $ 100 AUD -RRB- . ` It 's recently come to my attention that some of these recipes were not originals at all and have been copied from other sources . ` This was never my intention and it really sucks that these things can happen . ' Ms Dodds said : ` Ashy 's business is meant to be built around encouraging and empowering women however I am disappointed that I never received recognition from her . In text messages to the Gold Coast Bulletin on Monday , Ms Bines - who is pregnant - said she had received sickening online abuse producing the plagiarism video . Examples of the comments included ` I hope -LRB- your baby -RRB- gets down syndrome , you dirty liar ' and ` you are a bitch , I pray a truck runs you over ' . Ms Bines expressed disbelief at the comment involving her unborn child . ` To wish a baby gets Down syndrome gosh I actually did n't think you could sink any lower -LSB- sic -RSB- , ' she wrote on her social media account in response to the woman 's comment . A supporter jumped in to also defend Ms Bines . ` Hate someone so much that you go out of your way to stalk them and wish an intentional disability on someone 's baby ? ' the supporter said . ` When you grow up and mature and someone wishes that your baby is still born because they would hate to see such a tragic soul bring a poor bub into your world , let us know how it feels . ` Given that you think downs -LSB- sic -RSB- is so bad , it is people like you that the world does not need . ' ` This was never my intention and it really sucks that these things can happen ' Ms Bines said in a video message about plagiarism in her book . Pictured right is an image of Ms Dodds ' ` Kanga Rolls ' in Ms Bines 's book . The ingredients of Kanga Rolls published on Ms Dodds ' website . The Kanga rolls method published on Ms Dodds ' website .