Nestled between a 65ft high snow cavern , the winding track of Murodo looks like track that could be on Mario Kart . However this steep-walled phenomena is located in Japan and attracts visits from thousands of tourists annually - with the number predicted to rise this year . The Tateyama Kurobe Alpine Route opened to the public on today and allows tourists to view the spectacular snow-walled passageway along the 1000ft section . Walled wonder ! The Tateyama Kurobe Alpine Route opened for visitors today , with tourists marvelling at the 65ft high walls . The Murodo-daira area of Tateyama unsurprisingly experiences one of the heaviest snowfalls in the world , with the 65ft walls being created every year , and then melting by July . The impressive route opened in 1971 and usually draws about a million visitors every year although numbers have failed to reach that figure in the last few years . An estimated 910,000 flock to the frozen passage last year . It is hoped the March 14 opening of the sightseeing route operator Hokuriku Shinkansen Line , which connects Toyama Station with Tokyo Station , will help to bump the numbers back up to the million mark . The snowy phenomenon can be seen on the winding track of Murodo in Japan from April under it melts in the summer . The whole 37 km route will be open until November but tourists can walk the walled wonder until it starts to melt in summer . Sights along the way include scenic landmarks such as Kurobe Dam , hot springs and the Hida Mountains . One of the most popular activities is to ascend the 9891ft high summit of Mount Tateyama , one of Japan 's highest peaks . Today tourists followed to photograph the walls . Over a million people visit the walls every year , although this dropped to 910,000 last year . It is hoped that numbers can rise again to reach one million with the help of the sightseeing route operator Hokuriku Shinkansen Line opening last month . The sun shone as coaches of tourists flocked today for the opening of the short section . There are many views along the picturesque route include one of Japan 's highest peak , the 9891ft high summit of Mount Tateyama . Snowy school trip ! 200 Japanese schoolgirls climb the ascent to the top of Mount Tateyama . Other noteworthy sights along the alpine route include Kurobe Dam , hot springs and the Hida Mountains .