The 11-year-old autistic boy who miraculously survived four nights alone in Victorian bushland has been reunited with his rescuers . Doctors say they are stunned with how healthy Luke Shambrook appeared , considering he had gone without food or water since Good Friday . Sitting up in his hospital bed , the young boy is seen flanked by two people from the search and rescue team who made the dramatic find on Tuesday , just three kilometres from where he went missing at Lake Eildon National Park , northeast of Melbourne . Scroll down for video . Luke Shambrook was lost for four nights alone in the Victorian bushland and on Wednesday he was reunited with his rescuers at Royal Children 's Hospital in Melbourne . Luke is with his family at Royal Children 's Hospital in Melbourne and was suffering from exhaustion , dehydration and hypothermia when he was found . He is unlikely to suffer any long term effects from his traumatic ordeal . Paediatrician Amy Gray said Luke was still a bit weak and tired , but asking for food . ` It 's an amazingly happy outcome after what has clearly been an incredibly stressful , traumatic experience , ' she said on Wednesday . ` I do n't know that any of us know exactly what he 's been through , but ... we think he 's doing fabulously for someone who has been through what we can only imagine , and certainly in much better condition than what we 'd expect . ' The 11-year-old autistic boy was found just three kilometres away from where went missing at Lake Eildon National Park - north-east of Melbourne . A camera on the helicopter captured the dramatic moment rescuers reached Luke on the fourth day of an increasingly desperate search . A police officer was first on the site , and he knelt down and offered Luke reassurance he was finally safe . Dr Gray said he was improving with each hour and doctors did not expect him to have any ongoing physical problems from the ordeal . ` Aside from the dehydration he 's tired and weak , again as you would expect , but there 's no other real major physical issues at this stage , ' she said . ` He seems very content and settled in the ward and happily interacting with the family . ' A desperate search for Luke was mounted after he went missing from the Candlebark Campground near Lake Eildon on Friday . Other rescuers quickly followed , with one wrapping the terrified boy in a foil blanket , before he was gently taken from the bush to where he could receive proper medial attention . It ended on Tuesday when a police helicopter guiding on-ground searchers to Luke 's location and captured the moment on dramatic video , . Luke is seen peering out from behind trees before a uniformed police officer him and appears to take his hand to reassure him he was finally safe . Then other rescuers join the scene , with one of them unfolding a foil blanket and wrapping it around the boy 's shoulders . Luke 's autism and limited speech could mean he never reveals what happened . ` He may have been wandering around lost and clocking up the k 's , ' Acting Assistant Police Commissioner Rick Nugent told Fairfax Radio on Wednesday . Luke Shambrook has been found alive after he went missing from the Candlebark Campground near Lake Eildon on Friday . He suffered from dehydration and hypothermia but has been reunited with his mother Rachel -LRB- pictured left -RRB- . His parents Tim and Rachel were reunited with Luke as he was put into an ambulance in a stretcher , with his mother giving him a kiss . Luke was found just before midday AEST on Tuesday in bushland off Skyline Road , 3 km from the campsite . ` I 'm not sure we 'll ever know . ' Mr Nugent on Tuesday said Luke 's survival in the cold , wet , rugged terrain was a miracle . SES spokesman Brent Sergeant said the more days that passed during the search for Luke , the harder it became for volunteers . But finding the boy 's beanie on Monday and realising he had walked away from water , rather than toward it , lifted their spirits . His doctors are amazed he is in such a good condition considering he was missing without food and water for so long . The Shambrook family with -LRB- left to right -RRB- Luke , 11 , Lauren , 7 , and Matthew , 10 and parents Rachel and Tim . When his parents Tim and Rachel were reunited with Luke as he was put into an ambulance in a stretcher , with his mother giving him a kiss on Tuesday . Luke gave his father Tim a ` big thumbs up ' when they saw each other , the family said . ` When the rescue team found him , he was in high spirits and was walked out of the bush on his own two feet , ' they said in a statement . ` The family are very happy to be reunited . ' The Candlebark Campground in Lake Eildon National Park , central Victoria , where Luke went missing on Friday . Luke went missing near Lake Eildon is located north-east of Melbourne and is located within the national park .