As the world spotlight shines on a German courtroom in the trial of the ` Auschwitz bookkeeper ' Oskar Groening , hidden in the shadows are the forgotten women who served as guards at Hitler 's death camps . Now , seven decades on and in the twilight of their lives , these former SS guards who ruled the human slaughterhouse Auschwitz with an iron fist will go to their graves having escaped justice . Of the 3,700 women who served at Nazi death camps , just three were investigated by prosecutors in Germany for their roles as accomplices to mass murder . Scroll down for video . No justice : Charlotte S , left , now 94 , was an SS guard in the Nazi death camps Ravensbrück and Auschwitz , according to Stasi records , while Gisela S , is pictured right in her card index of concentration camp guards . Culpable : There were 3,700 women who served in the Nazi death camps during the Second World War - but only three have been investigated by prosecutors in Germany for their roles as accomplices to mass murder . And , in a crushing blow to the millions of Jews murdered at Nazi death camps across Europe , they are all deemed too ill or infirm to ever be punished . Those ` merciless ' women who traded femininity , motherhood and marriage to wed themselves to the dark side of Hitler 's Third Reich include Charlotte S . A guard at the notoriously brutal women 's concentration camp of Ravensbrueck , in northern Germany , she was remembered by survivors as a feared woman who beat prisoners and unleashed on them her Alsatian dog . A fanatical Nazi , the dog handler patrolled the camp with her Alsatian she had trained to bite at the inmates ' genitals . She was transferred to Auschwitz where she and her teeth-baring dog were feared by the prisoners kept as slaves and worked in the sweatshop factories around the camp . One female prisoner after the war testified : ` There was a woman there with a kindly smile that masked a hideous nature . She was ramrod straight and had a snarling dog that was indoctrinated to hate the prisoners . ` We would be forced to stand stock still for hours and if anyone moved in the cold or the heat , the dog was unleashed . Many people did not survive the maulings . ' Brutal : The women patrolling the death camps were just as bad as their male counterparts . Pictured : Female overseers at Bergen-Belsen , having been taken prisoner by the British in April 1945 . Tortured : Prisoners look out from behind a barbed wire enclosure at the Dachau concentration camp - where 41,500 died - in Germany in 1945 . They and their relatives look likely to never get the justice they deserve . Survivors : French prisoners pictured when the Nazi concentration camp of Dachau , near Munich , was liberated by Allied troops at the end of April 1945 . Many of the Nazi guards got away with their crimes by claiming they were just following orders . She began an affair with an SS man while serving at the camp and was discharged from the service in 1943 when she fell pregnant . After the war , in Saxony-Anhalt , which was behind the iron curtain , the communist authorities tried her for her wartime role and she was sentenced to 15 months in jail for ` mistreatment of and thefts from prisoners in her charge ' . Now 94 , she still lives in the state and refuses to speak about her terrible past . Nevertheless , unlike 93-year-old Groening , a former SS sergeant being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder , Charlotte S has been told there is no case for her to answer . Another to get off scot free is Gisela S , a ` hard-faced ' woman who worked in the feared SS under her maiden name of Demming . She was a harsh disciplinarian who beat prisoners as punishment for petty rule infractions . Gisela was also in charge of the standing cells - small , dark rooms where up to 15 people at a time were crammed into . It was not uncommon for her to leave prisoners in these rooms for days on end , causing the death of some or all of those confined . Demming formed a romantic relationship with SS Dr Franz Bernhard Lucas but she abruptly ended it when he criticised the hideous experiments on prisoners carried out by notorious ` Angel of Death ' Dr Josef Mengele on inmates . She was a true believer in the Nazi racial policies that decreed Jews , gypsies and Slavs were ` lesser races ' who deserved nothing else . She appeared at the Auschwitz Trial of former guards and overseers in Frankfurt in the 1960s - but escaped jail . And now prosecutors say she is also too old and frail to be tried in court . Court : SS Sergeant Oskar Groening , known as ` the bookkeeper of Auschwitz ' , pictured during the war and today . He is charged with complicity in the killing of 300,000 Jews at the camp . Groening , pictured , told the court that he is ` morally responsible ' for the mass slaughter even though he did not participate personally in any violence . Trial : People like Auschwitz survivor Eva Pusztai-Fahidi , left , from Budapest and her 23-years-old granddaughter Luca Hartai , have traveled from all over the world to witness one of the few prosecutions held . Possibly most frightening of all is Gertrud Elli Senff , who revelled in the power she yielded to play ` God ' in choosing who should live and who should be sent to the Auschwitz gas chambers . Now 92 , she was formerly an SS guard at Majdanek in Lublin , Poland , where an estimated 235,000 people were murdered during WW2 . Prosecutors have traced her SS identity card . The card , bearing the number 312 , has been authenticated , which proves she was there . It carries the inscription : ` The holder is authorised to bear arms ' - meaning she was a pay-grade above ordinary guards usually only sanctioned to carrying a ` schlagstock ' - a ` beating stick . ' After service in Majdanek she was sent to Auschwitz , where she was based at Birkenau - the gas chambers complex where 1.1 million prisoners were exterminated . Before the camp fell to the Russians she was shipped back to Germany and escaped justice at the end of the war . But officials at the Ludwigsburg authority have , it is understood , testimony from several now deceased prisoners that she was a ` cruel ' and ` merciless ' guard who beat them with leather whips and who was present at the infamous railway ramp where daily ` selections ' were made about who should live - and who was to be gassed . Now wheelchair bound , she was tracked down by the German daily newspaper , Bild . Her daughter said : ` We know that my mother had something to do with Auschwitz . We have tried to talk with her about it but her memory does n't really function any more . ' A recent drive to find the last of the guards before they die of old age has seen posters put up around the country , and 30 arrests made in February of last year . And prosecutors have still to decide on his case and a handful of others , but few are convinced that justice will be done . To many , particularly Jews persecuted ruthlessly by the Nazis , this is all a case of ` too little , too late ' . According to historian Andreas Eichmüller , of the 6,500 members of the SS who served in Auschwitz and survived the war , only 29 were convicted in West Germany and reunified Germany , while about 20 were convicted in East Germany . Efforts were no doubt hampered originally by the judiciary , police and civil service which were , in the post-war years , full of former Nazis . Vicious : Another was accused of making as many as 15 people stand for days on end in a tiny cell , a punishment which left people dead - but she will never be brought before the court to answer to the law . Getting away with it : Of the 6,500 members of the SS who served in Auschwitz and survived the war , only 29 were convicted in West Germany and reunified Germany , while about 20 were convicted in East Germany . ` Unfortunately , very few people who committed the crimes had to pay for them , ' said Efraim Zuroff , the Simon Wiesenthal Centre 's top Nazi hunter . He added : ` The passage of time in no way diminishes the crimes ... . It 's only a shame that this kind of legal reasoning was not applied previously , because it would have led to many , many more cases of people who definitely deserved to be brought to justice . ' Kurt Schrimm , the head of Germany 's special prosecutor 's office , which is responsible for investigating Nazi era war crimes , who has worked to locate the remaining SS criminals and bringing them to justice 1986 . ` We owe it to the victims and to their families , '' he said . `` I want to do my job well for as long as it takes . The dead and the families of the dead deserve nothing less than to see justice done . '