Professor Stephen Hawking : world-renowned physicist , best-selling author - and now he 's shown off his musical talents as well . One of the world 's greatest scientists has covered Monty Python 's classic Galaxy Song , taking listeners on a journey out of the Milky Way . The author of A Brief History Of Time can be seen in the music video whizzing through space in his wheelchair , while the footage is interspersed with scenes of the Monty Python live shows . Scroll down for video . British physicist Stephen Hawking has sung Monty Python 's Galaxy Song -LRB- clip from the video shown -RRB- . The song is being released digitally and on vinyl for Record Store Day 2015 . It is a cover of the song from 1983 film Monty Python 's Meaning of Life . Professor Hawking , 73 , appeared on film alongside Professor Brian Cox . Professor Hawking can be heard singing the show 's famous song , which is being released digitally this week , and available on vinyl this weekend as part of Record Store Day 2015 . In the video , Professor Hawking ` runs over ' Professor Brian Cox before taking to the sky and making his trip through the universe . The video is interspersed with clips of Monty Python 's recent live shows . It is a recreation of the song from the 1983 film Monty Python 's The Meaning of Life , when Eric Idle originally took viewers on a journey through the cosmos . Interestingly , much of the science in the song is right - or at least , fairly accurate , with a few exceptions for artistic reasons . For example , the lyrics state that Earth is ` revolving at nine hundred miles an hour . ' Measured in nautical miles , this is true , but the current estimate near the equator is actually 1,040 mph -LRB- 1,670 km/h -RRB- . It is also stated that ` the sun is the source of all our power , ' which fails to consider that geothermal energy and the moon both also play a part in our planet 's life . Our galaxy is correctly said to have a hundred billion stars , though , while its size - a hundred thousand light-years across - is correctly stated . Towards the end of the song , the speed of light is said to be 12 million miles per minute - which is pretty close to the actual figure of 11.16 million miles . Whenever life gets you down , Mrs. Brown . And things seem hard or tough . And people are stupid , obnoxious or daft . And you feel that you 've had quite enough . Just remember that you 're standing on a planet that 's evolving . And revolving at nine hundred miles an hour . That 's orbiting at nineteen miles a second , so it 's reckoned . A sun that is the source of all our power . The sun and you and me and all the stars that we can see . Are moving at a million miles a day . In an outer spiral arm , at forty thousand miles an hour . Of the galaxy we call the ` Milky Way ' Our galaxy itself contains a hundred billion stars . It 's a hundred thousand light years side to side . It bulges in the middle , sixteen thousand light years thick . But out by us , it 's just three thousand light years wide . We 're thirty thousand light years from galactic central point . We go ` round every two hundred million years . And our galaxy is only one of millions of billions . In this amazing and expanding universe . The universe itself keeps on expanding and expanding . In all of the directions it can whizz . As fast as it can go , the speed of light , you know . Twelve million miles a minute and that 's the fastest speed there is . So remember , when you 're feeling very small and insecure . How amazingly unlikely is your birth . And pray that there 's intelligent life somewhere up in space . 'Cause there 's bugger all down here on Earth . Pictured here are Eric Idle -LRB- left -RRB- , Stephen Hawking -LRB- centre -RRB- and Brian Cox . Professor Stephen Hawking can be heard singing the show 's famous Galaxy Song , released digitally this week , and available on vinyl this weekend as part of Record Store Day 2015 . The Monty Python group recently embarked on a tour of live shows . From left to right are Michael Palin , Terry Gilliam , Eric Idle , John Cleese and Terry Jones . One of the cult comedy act 's members , Eric Idle , tweeted to let people know the record is available . He wrote : ` Stephen Hawking Sings Monty Python . The Galaxy Song digital download & video has now been released . The limited edition 7 '' vinyls will be on sale on Saturday 18th April in UK and US as part of Record Store Day 2015 . ' A novelty online game has also been released in which players are invited to ` destroy all Monty Python asteroids before they collide with Stephen Hawking ' . Professor Hawking , 73 , appeared on film alongside Professor Brian Cox as part of the live shows featuring John Cleese , Michael Palin , Terry Gilliam , Terry Jones and Idle last year as the group performed together for the first time in decades at London 's O2 Arena . The world-famous theoretical physicist , who was diagnosed with ALS shortly after his 21st birthday , showed his comedy credentials earlier this year when he took part in a Comic Relief sketch alongside David Walliams in the grounds of Cambridge University . Watch the original Galaxy Song below .