Announcing your big vacation on Facebook or posting a series of beach-selfies while you 're away can be the highlight of a holiday for some . But sunseekers are being warned that it could also invalidate their home insurance if they get burgled while they are away . Insurers are increasingly checking people 's social media accounts following a break-in to see if they announced they would be away from the property , and are using it as a reason not to pay out . Holidaymakers who announce they are going on a two-week trip or regularly post selfies from the beach on Facebook while they are away could find their insurer refusing to pay out if they are burgled . This is because most insurers have a ` reasonable care ' clause , meaning firms do n't have to offer up cash if they can prove people were n't careful enough in protecting their possessions . In the past this was used in cases of burglary where doors or windows were left unlocked or open , but increasingly it is being used against holidaymakers who advertise their vacation online . Police forces have repeatedly warned that would-be thieves will check social media to see whether property owners have said they will be away , before striking while nobody is home . According to The Sun , families that post pictures of themselves on sun loungers , or announce they are on the first day of a two-week trip could be deemed to be helping criminals . Most firms include ` reasonable care ' clause in contracts , meaning they are not liable if people did not protect their property , and are now using against people who advertise breaks online . Police have repeatedly warned that would-be thieves will often check social networks in order to establish that people are out of their homes before striking . A spokesman for the Financial Ombudsman Service said : ` It 's possible that your insurance cover could be affected if you explicitly announce your plans on social media . ` You would n't put a poster up on your front lawn saying you 're going on holiday . ' The Association of British Insurers also warned home owners to ` think carefully about what you put on social media ' .