A handwritten note delivered to the pilots by a plane passenger thanking them for ` taking her home safely ' has gone viral , just a week after the Germanwings tragedy that claimed 150 lives . A screenshot of the letter was shared on Twitter , and in a matter of minutes amassed more than 2,000 shares . The heartfelt message was posted by airline pilot Jai Dillon , who was shown the A4 by a colleague in the industry . A heartfelt letter left by passenger ` Bethanie ' to the pilot who ` got her home safely , ' has been shared on Twitter . He wrote on Twitter : ` A letter given to a colleague from a passenger onboard his aircraft . . Providing proof that we 're all in this together , ' alongside the touching note . In it , a passenger known only as ` Bethanie ' writes how , in light of the recent Alps plane crash , she feels the need to ` reach out ' and ` extend a compassionate hand . ' The woman thanks the pilot and the airline , which is not mentioned , for ` allowing her ' to live her life in Spain , while splitting the time with family in England too . There was an outpouring of emotion on Twitter after the letter was posted by pilot Jai Dillon . The terrible scene of the Germanwings plane crash in the French Alps , where pilot Andreas Lubitz deliberately crashed the plane . She writes that she hopes the letter can create ` a ripple effect and spread some compassion and understanding , ' among those who have such responsibilities . She signs off by saying : ` You 're making a massive difference and you 're the reason I can smile tonight . ` Take care and spread love . ' The photo currently has over 3,700 shares and has been favourited almost 3,000 times . Mr Dillon did take to Twitter to say that he was not able to reveal the airline or flight number due to security reasons . The role of the pilot was praised by many on Twitter following the letter being posted . Cheshire-based Mr Dillon said he happy to share the ` positive message , ' according to the Evening Standard . Investigations are continuing in the events of that fateful day last week over the French Alps . German prosecutors said Andreas Lubitz , 27 , who they believe deliberately caused the crash , had therapy for suicidal tendencies some time before getting his pilot 's licence . The sharing of the letter led to thousands of shares and ` favourites ' on Twitter . And he was being treated by a psychotherapist , Dusseldorf prosecutor 's office spokesman Christoph Kumpa said . Cockpit voice recorder evidence has indicated that Lubitz deliberately put the Airbus A320 into a descent after locking out the captain . All 150 people on board , including three Britons , were killed in the crash last Tuesday .