Whatever Isaiah Jay Brown goes on to accomplish in the game , it 's unlikely he 'll ever forget this weekend . On Friday , the 18-year-old played an integral part in Chelsea 's 4-0 demolition of Roma to earn a place in the UEFA Youth League final . Sometime that evening , he heard news that Jose Mourinho required his services . So back he went to London , sitting amongst the substitutes on the Loftus Road bench , the No 37 on his back , as the Blues took another big step towards the Premier League title . Two goal hero Izzy Brown holds aloft the trophy as Chelsea win the UEFA Youth Team League . Brown was the star of the show in the final , scoring two goals as Chelsea defeated Shakhtar Donetsk 3-2 . Goal scorers Dominic Solanke -LRB- left -RRB- and Brown pose with their medals in their mouths after sealing victory . Chelsea 's Under 19 squad celebrate their European victory after an impressive campaign . The Blues defeated teams of the calibre of Atletico Madrid and Roma to reach the final . Solanke and Brown clutch the trophy after taking the plaudits for netting the goals . Chelsea youngster Ola Aina joins fans for a selfie after the final whistle in Switzerland . Chelsea : Collins ; Aina , Christensen , Clarke-Salter , Dasilva ; Loftus-Cheek , Colkett ; Brown -LRB- c -RRB- , Musonda -LRB- Abraham 84 -RRB- , Boga -LRB- Palmer 71 -RRB- ; Solanke . Substitutes not used : Thompson -LRB- GK -RRB- ; Tomori , Scott , Sammutt , Sterling . Scorers : Brown 7 , 55 ; Solanke 47 . Coach : Adi Viveash . Shakhtar Donetsk : Kudryk -LRB- c -RRB- ; Kyryukhantsev , Sahutkin , Mayviyenko , Hladchenko ; Vachiberadze , Pikhalonok ; Arendaruk -LRB- Merkushov 78 -RRB- , Zubkov , Shtander -LRB- Kovalenko 71 -RRB- ; Boryachuk . Substitutes not used : Yefanov -LRB- GK -RRB- ; Shevchenko , Senytskyy , Hlahola , Fursov . Scorers : Christensen own goal 37 ; Kovalenko 90 +1 . Booked : Vachiberadze , Kovalenko . Coach : Valeriy Kryventsov . Referee : Serdar Gozubuyuk -LRB- Holland -RRB- . Afterwards , it was back to the airport and back to the shores of Lake Geneva . And there , on Monday afternoon , he pulled on the captain 's armband once more and scored two goals to inspire Chelsea 's academy side to European glory . There 's never a frown with Izzy Brown , it would seem . His excellent individual performance was one of many as the Blues dominated Shakhtar Donetsk to become the second name , after Barcelona , to be inscribed on the handsome Youth League trophy . The French winger Jeremie Boga was dangerous throughout and crafted the two goals - one for Dominic Solanke , the other for Brown - early in the second-half that finally rewarded Chelsea 's dominance . As for Solanke , his place on the scoresheet was just inevitable . The deadly England Under 18 striker has made this tournament his own , thriving on the European stage . His 47th-minute goal , a towering header from Boga 's perfect , dinked delivery from the left , took his season 's tally to 12 . Solanke is , by some distance , the tournament 's top goalscorer and it 's greatest success this year . Brown , who was snatched away from West Brom 's youtyh system , fired home to give Chelsea the lead . Brown races off to celebrate his opening strike closely followed by his Chelsea team-mates . Brown , who was named on the bench for Chelsea 's game against QPR on Sunday , celebrates his second goal . Brown is mobbed on the floor as team-mates rush to congratulate him for his opener . Group G . Chelsea 4-1 Schalke . Sporting CP 0-5 Chelsea . Chelsea 2-0 Maribor . Maribor 0-7 Chelsea . Schalke 2-0 Chelsea . Chlesea 6-0 Sporting CP . Last 16 : Chelsea 3-1 Zenit St Petersburg . Quarter-finals : Chelsea 2-0 Atletico Madrid . Semi-finals : Chelsea 4-0 Roma . Final : Chelsea 3-2 Shakhtar Donetsk . Indeed , he might have had a hat-trick , somehow failing to connect with a drilled low Charly Musonda cross two yards out on the stroke of half-time and blazing over from point-blank range when Brown teed him up in the second period . Mourinho recognised his hot form with a senior debut against Maribor in the Champions League back in October . We now wait and wonder whether he 'll get any more first-team action , something that can be easily extended to all these players . Brown has also been involved with the first-team squad and his two goals here were both well-conceived and clinically finished . He gave Chelsea , who had racked up 33 goals in nine matches in reaching this point , the perfect start after just seven minutes . Showing no signs of fatigue after all that commuting , Brown thundered home Solanke 's low cross , culminating one of the many intricate passing moves Chelsea put together in the game . His second - Chelsea 's third - came on 55 minutes and killed the contest . Boga took his time in assessing the options in front of him and eventually found Brown inside the area . The captain swiveled and placed a fine left-footed shot into the far corner . Shakhtar drew level when Blues defender Andreas Christensen -LRB- centre -RRB- scored an own goal in the first-half . Leading scorer Solanke put Chelsea back in the lead shortly after the interval with a close range header . Chelsea striker Solanke wheels away after netting in the Blues ' 3-2 victory over Shakhtar Donetsk . Solanke celebrates his goal with the impressive Jeremie Boga who provided the assist . Solanke leaps for joy after handing Chelsea the lead while becoming the tournament 's top scorer . That knocked the stuffing out of Shakhtar 's challenge . The Ukrainians had reached this point having not lost a game , though they had laboured in overcoming Olympiacos in the last 16 and Benfica in the quarter-finals , winning both on penalties . They had also come from behind to beat Anderlecht 3-1 in Friday 's semi-final , that contest a stark contrast to the ease of Chelsea 's demolition of Roma . Having created little of note , they drew level late in the first-half when the unfortunate Chelsea centre-half Andreas Christensen diverted a dangerous Deny Arendaruk cross beyond his goalkeeper Bradley Collins . The Denmark under 21 defender looked crestfallen but the wrong was quickly righted by Chelsea 's rapier-sharp attack . Brown completed his brace with a drilled shot from outside the area in the second half . Chelsea 's rising star goes to celebrate with team-mate Charly Musonda after netting the eventual winner . Chelsea youth manager Adrian Viveash rallies his troops from the touchline . French attacking midfielder Boga , who set up two goals for the Blues during the match , takes a free-kick . Chelsea youngsters , led by captain Brown , begin their celebrations by raising aloft the trophy . Chelsea youth manager Viveash raises the Lennart Johansson trophy as his side are crowned champions . A second for Shakhtar , through substitute Viktor Kovalenko in stoppage time , came too late to change the outcome . And as Brown lifted the Youth League trophy beneath cloudless skies in this most picturesque of venues , Chelsea strengthened their claim to have England 's best academy . They are the defending Under 21 Premier League champions and will put their FA Youth Cup title on the line against Manchester City next week . Success on the European stage only adds another trophy to their collection . The real test comes in seeing whether Brown , Solanke , Boga and the rest of their talented cohort can graduate to Chelsea 's first team . While the likes of UEFA president Michel Platini and even former Chelsea defender Paulo Ferreira were expected guests at the UEFA Youth League final , there was one familiar face in the stands who did cause a surprise ... former UN secretary-general Kofi Annan . Former UN secretary-general Kofi Annan revealed himself as a football fan by attending the final .