An investigation has concluded Freddie Gray broke his neck after falling head-first into the back of the police van as it was moving , it was reported today . Medical and law enforcement sources briefed on the police investigation told ABC News Gray 's ` catastrophic ' head injuries were consistent with hitting a bolt ` in the back door of the van ' . They claimed there was ` no evidence ' Gray sustained a fatal spine injury during his arrest , which was caught on camera on a street side on April 12 . According to ABC 's sources , Gray was standing in the van , bent over with his hand cuffed behind his back and his head pointing towards the back door . It is believed he fell into the door , breaking his neck . SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . A report claims Freddie Gray broke his neck when he fell head-first into the back of the van as it was moving . Similar van : Freddie Gray was stood , bent over , with his head facing the back door of a van like this . Timeline ? It is believed Gray fell head-first into the back of the van , breaking his neck , during the journey . Inside : The above diagram shows the inside the police van . Pictured : The second stop which police failed to report in their paperwork after the van journey , during which Freddie Gray sustained a ` catastrophic ' head injury . It was picked up by a privately-owned security camera . According to the latest police press conference , these are the stops the van made transporting Freddie Gray . The news comes hours after Baltimore Police admitted the van transporting Gray made a previously unreported stop . The mysterious detail was picked up by a privately-owned security camera , and will be integral to the police investigation into Gray 's death , which was completed and handed to the state prosecutor on Thursday morning . It is not known why the van stopped at the corner of North Fremont Ave and Mosher Street before it made another two stops then finally transported Gray to the hospital . And police have yet to clarify why Gray would have been standing without a seat belt on . Just nine days before his arrest , the Baltimore Police Department issued a new policy , making it obligatory to belt all inmates placed in the back of a transport van . Revelation : Police Commissioner Anthony Batts revealed a private security camera captured the van making an unknown stop . He refused to elaborate on the details of the new information . Police Commissioner Anthony Batts refused to elaborate on the new information . He said the contents of the report , which was completed and handed to the State Attorney at 8.50 am Thursday , will remain confidential as they continue to investigate . Six officers have been suspended with pay over the incident , and the department has admitted Gray - who was asthmatic - should have been given the medical help he requested . The report that Gray fell inside the van corroborates claims he was given a ` rough ride ' by the van driver , who is the only officer yet to deliver a statement to the investigators , according to ABC . The van in which Gray was injured is a Chevrolet Express - the same model of vehicle which has been modified into the ` Scooby ' van driven by Hillary Clinton . As the police department , Mayor 's office , and state prosecutors refuse to address the development , it has done nothing but fuel anger and speculation surrounding the circumstances of Gray 's arrest more than two weeks ago . A relative of one of the suspended police officers told CNN she believes Gray was injured during his arrest outside the van . Her family member , she said , was based inside the van , and she fears he will be made a scapegoat for something he ` did n't do ' . However , this theory is at odds with the medical examiner 's report which allegedly found Gray sustained injuries by falling over inside the van , where he had been placed without a seat belt . The woman , who spoke on the condition of anonymity , told CNN her family member was in the van with Gray as he screamed and cried for medical help . But she believes the spinal injury which led to Gray 's death was inflicted earlier , during his arrest on April 12 . In an appeal that echoes Gray 's family , she is calling for the police department to conduct a thorough investigation that will determine which of the six suspended police officers dealt the fatal blow . ` Six officers did not injure this man , ' she told Don Lemon . Secret stop : This is the corner where the police van was spotted making a previously unreported stop . These are the security cameras outside a grocery which picked up the secret stop . Jung Hwang 's convenience store 's camera footage revealed a new stop the police van made while transporting Freddie Gray . ` Six officers did n't put him in the hospital . ` I 'm worried that instead of them figuring out who did , that six officers are going to be punished behind something that maybe one or two or even three officers may have done to Freddie Gray . ' Her words came after a police document was leaked to the Washington Post , in which the other prisoner in the transport van with Gray said he could hear the 25-year-old slamming himself against the wall . The prisoner speculated that Gray was trying to hurt himself . In the documents , the unidentified prisoner says he was loaded into a police van after Gray on April 12 , and apparently told investigators that he heard Gray ` banging against the walls ' and ` intentionally trying to injure himself ' . However , he admits he could not see what Gray was doing , since they were separated by a metal partition . The statement was cited in a warrant to search an arresting officer 's clothing for possible traces of Gray 's DNA . The van in which Gray was injured is a Chevrolet Express - the same model of vehicle which has been modified into the ` Scooby ' van driven by Hillary Clinton . The assertion that Gray may have caused his own death in the back of the police van was quickly rejected by an attorney hired by his family . ` We disagree with any implication that Freddie Gray severed his own spinal cord , ' attorney Jason Downs told the Post . ` We question the accuracy of the police reports we 've seen thus far , including the police report that says Mr Gray was arrested without force or incident . ' Outrage over the unexplained death of a black man in Baltimore , Maryland prompted nationwide protests against police brutality on Wednesday from Houston to Boston . Baltimore has been the scene of near-nightly protests ever since the April 19 death of 25-year-old Freddie Gray , who is believed to have been fatally injured while in police custody . State Attorney Marilyn Mosby urged the public to be patient as she reviews the information . ` While we have and will continue to leverage the information received by the department , we are not relying solely on their findings but rather the facts that we have gathered and verified , ' Mosby said on Thursday . ` We ask for the public to remain patient and peaceful and to trust the process of the justice system . ' Freddie Gray : The 25-year-old was poisoned by lead paint as a child growing up in Baltimore . Freddie Gray was a 25-year-old African-American who grew up in Baltimore 's impoverished west side . Nicknamed ` Pepper ' , he was described by an ex-girlfriend as happy-go-lucky with an infectious sense of humor . The Baltimore police knew him , however , as a 5ft-8ins felon who had notched up at least 18 arrests and a handful of convictions - mainly for Class A drugs but also burglary , assault and illegal gambling . He was said to have set off running at the sight of police patrolling a well known open-air drug market . He was taken into custody for possession of a switchblade and during transport to the station he experienced what officers described as ` a medical emergency ' . Gray , who had asthma , requested an inhaler and had trouble breathing in the van , but police did n't provide his inhaler . According to Gray 's family his spine was severed 80 per cent at his neck , three vertebrae were fractured and his larynx was injured . Court papers describe Gray 's childhood as problematic . He lived with his heroin-addicted disabled mother in a home in Sandtown-Winchester that contained enough poisonous lead in the peeling painted walls and windowsills for a court settlement to conclude that he and his two sisters were incapable of leading normal functioning lives . Lab tests conducted in the 1990s showed that they had levels of lead in their blood nearly double what the state of Maryland defines as the minimum for lead poisoning . In Baltimore , more than 2,600 children have been found to have high levels of lead in their blood , according an annual report released by the Maryland Department of the Environment in 2014 . ` This is the toxic legacy of lead-based paint , '' Ruth Ann Norton , head of the Green & Healthy Homes Initiative and a founding member of the Maryland Lead Poisoning Prevention Commission , told the Baltimore Sun . ` Our kids are ill equipped to stay in the classroom , finish school . They 're very unlikely to go on to higher education . They 're less likely to be able to hold a job ' , she said . ` They 're less equipped to be able to overcome the poverty and other circumstances that pull them down . Children with lead poisoning will have defects , regardless of whether their parents are ` nice ' or not . ' Gray lived off the resulting ` lead check ' settlement although it is unclear exactly how much he received . Whatever money he did have he was said to spend buying designer accessories . The Sandtown neighborhood is a 72-block neighborhood made up of almost entirely of African Americans . More than one-third of residents live below the poverty line , and nearly a quarter are unemployed . The majority of Maryland 's state prison population are said to said to hail from Sandtown , according to the Justice Policy Institute .