Perched on a hotel sofa barely inches from Glynis Barber , I am trying , as covertly as possible , to scrutinise her rather lovely face . All peachy skin and thick , glossy locks , she also looks trim and toned in skinny jeans . It 's difficult to believe that in the next few months , the actress -- remembered by many as the glacially beautiful half of ITV 's 1980s detective duo Dempsey And Makepeace -- will be collecting her bus pass . From where I 'm sitting , she looks barely a day over 40 . It is impossible , frankly , not to wonder whether Mother Nature has been given a , shall we say , little helping hand . There is no ` pillow face ' here or unnaturally shaped eyebrows -LRB- a telltale sign -RRB- . So has she and would she ? Scroll down for video . Then and now : Tearing up the rulebook : Glynis Barber , pictured left in 1984 , and right , the actress today . Glynis Barber , pictured at The Olivier Awards at The Royal Opera House in London last week . It 's a question that Glynis answers diplomatically . ` I am a bit surgery-phobic -- I am a total coward , ' she insists . ` I do n't judge anyone for doing it -- people have to do what 's right for them . But for me a healthy lifestyle is the key . ' It 's hard to argue with that sentiment . And this , indeed , is why we are meeting . For the past two years , under the tutelage of nutritional therapist Fleur Borrelli , Glynis has changed what and how she eats -- and in the process , she says , transformed her health and her figure . She tore up her rulebook too : out went breakfast -- instead she has just two large meals a day . Out , too , went wholegrains and she even stopped sipping water in the day , something she once swore by to stay hydrated and stave off hunger . So convinced is she that what Fleur taught her is the key to long-lasting health and wellbeing that she has co-written a book with her , The In-Sync Diet , in which she shares their discoveries , backed up , she says , by credible new research . ` I had no idea that when I met Fleur I would drop a stone in weight and a dress size , gain lean muscle , and have vastly improved energy levels , all while turning upside down the things I previously believed in , ' Glynis says . ` But that 's what has happened and it 's why I wanted to share it with a wider audience . ' The actress -LRB- pictured with co-star Michael Brandon -RRB- is remembered by many as the glacially beautiful half of ITV 's 1980s detective duo Dempsey And Makepeace . Ironically , Glynis once thought herself the last person to need a lifestyle reboot . Always fit , she went organic in her late 20s at a time when it was barely heard of . ` This was the 1980s so everyone thought I was mad , although it made complete sense to me , ' she recalls . ` My view was it was silly to put chemicals in your body that do n't need to be there , but that was forward-thinking at the time . It was me , Prince Charles and some hippies . But I stuck to it . ' Glynis , married to her Dempsey And Makepeace co-star Michael Brandon , has enjoyed a busy career in theatre and TV , but two years ago started to develop unexplained joint pain and was advised by her osteopath to see Fleur . ` I was actually pretty resistant at first as I thought the one thing I know is how to eat properly , ' she explains . But Fleur thought differently . ` One by one she busted a lot of the myths that were a cornerstone of my diet . ' First to face scrutiny was Glynis 's fondness for wholegrains . ` I was surprised as I knew about processed grains but I thought wholewheat was fine , until Fleur explained that it creates inflammation in the gut . She told me to cut them out . ' Aging well : Glynis , pictured left in her 30s , will be celebrate turning 60 soon , but she looks barely a day over 40 . It meant a gluten-free diet -- not easy for a self-confessed ` breadaholic ' . Pasta was also jettisoned , replaced by protein and vegetables . ` At first I thought , `` I ca n't do this , '' ' she explains . ` But now I do n't miss them at all . I eat salmon , eggs , nuts , organic turkey and salads . ' And it was not just what she ate but when that Fleur also changed . Glynis ate little and often in the belief it kept her blood sugar levels regulated . But Fleur told her that cutting out breakfast altogether and eating two large meals a day was a better way of regulating her metabolism . This is backed up by new research into intermittent fasting , which shows that better weight control can be achieved with long periods without eating -- popularised by the 5:2 diets , in which you consume very few calories for two days of the week and eat a normal , balanced diet the rest of the time . Some studies have found the same benefits -- which also include lower cholesterol and blood pressure -- might be gained by daily ` fasts ' achieved by eating dinner then nothing else until lunch the next day . Then came what Glynis drank . ` I was one of those people who walked around clutching a water bottle and sipping at it throughout the day , ' she says . ` But new research shows that drinking little and often actually does n't help the cells replenish properly . It 's far better to drink a large glass of water when you 're thirsty . ' Glynis tore up her rulebook too : out went breakfast and she even stopped sipping water in the day , something she once swore by to stay hydrated and stave off hunger . Initially cynical , Glynis says she was amazed by how easy it was to adapt . ` What I was trying to overturn were the habits of a lifetime and I thought it would be incredibly hard , but it honestly took a matter of weeks . It 's not set in stone either . If I want the odd blowout , or I really fancy breakfast , then I have it . ' Aided by her regular cardio and hot yoga sessions , she believes she is in better shape than she was 20 years ago . ` I have always been fit but I used to get incredibly tired . Now I am bursting with energy . ' And , Glynis insists , she is less likely to scrutinise herself . ` I actually feel less vain now than I did in my youth . I 'm very comfortable in my skin and I 'm really not hung up on age at all . You ca n't do anything about your chronological age , but how you age is up to you . ' The In-Sync Diet , by Glynis Barber and Fleur Borrelli , is published by Autharium on Friday . The actress follows a gluten-free diet , with food like pasta jettisoned , replaced by protein and vegetables . Why hydration is key . By Barney Calman , Health Editor . We should all drink at least two litres of water a day -- about eight glasses . If we do , we 'll be slimmer , have better skin , fewer health problems and the like . Right ? Well , no , actually . The whole two-litres-a-day idea is based on no real scientific evidence . In fact , one of the only studies to suggest its benefits was sponsored by , you 've guessed it , a mineral water firm . Dehydration can be fatal , and in the case of the elderly , sick children or those with other health problems , a watchful eye should be kept on water intake . But in normal , healthy adults , the body is well adapted to make sure this does n't happen . If you drink too little , you get thirsty , and go to the loo less . If you drink a lot , you generally pee it all out . And in fact , the best way to make sure is to check the colour of your urine . Ideally , it should be a shade of pale straw and no darker .