Hibernian claimed their first Edinburgh derby victory of the season as goals from Jason Cummings and Farid El Alagui sealed a 2-0 win over Hearts and allowed them to collect a valuable three points in the push for second place in the Championship . The Leith outfit were rewarded for a dominant first-half performance against the champions when Cummings - a former youth player at Tynecastle - found the net from close range after 30 minutes . Hearts improved after the break but Hibs sealed the win in the first minute of injury time with a cool finish from El Alagui . Hibernian goalscorer Farid El Alagui celebrates with Liam Craig following Sunday 's 2-0 win over Hearts . Jason Cummings -LRB- left -RRB- , who also found the back of the net , celebrates his goal with team-mate Martin Boyle . With the title wrapped up , Hearts went into this match with only derby bragging rights at stake . On paper , the game meant more to promotion-chasing Hibs and Alan Stubbs ' side fully deserved all the spoils . There was no guard of honour by Hibs for their city rivals but the travelling fans were in full voice as the teams emerged from the tunnel , blasting out ` championees ' . Edinburgh derbies are never short of passion and there was a coming together of Adam Eckersley and Scott Allan inside the first two minutes . No action was taken by referee Kevin Clancy even though Hearts defender Eckersley appeared to move his head towards Allan 's . Hibs settled the better of the two teams and created a handful of chances . On 12 minutes , Fraser Fyvie lifted a first-time curling effort over the crossbar from 18 yards before Hearts full-back Callum Paterson headed the ball onto the top of his own bar from a teasing Allan free-kick . Hibs continued to press and Neil Alexander was forced into the first save of the game to push away a curling Cummings effort at the edge of the area after the forward did well to create a yard of space up against Danny Wilson . Hearts goalkeeper Neil Alexander watches on as Cummings shot goes past him and into the back of the net . Hibs finally got a tangible reward for their dominance on the half-hour mark when Cummings put the home side in front . Allan 's corner was only partially cleared and El Alagui 's flick was slotted into the net by Cummings from three yards . Hearts head coach Robbie Neilson did not like what he was seeing and , in reverting to an orthodox 4-4-2 , replaced Kevin McHattie with Sam Nicholson . But Hibs created the next chance as the bar again came to Hearts ' rescue . Allan 's corner caused problems and Liam Fontaine cracked a superb left-footed volley off the woodwork . Hearts made a brighter start to the second period and had a chance to test Hibs goalkeeper Mark Oxley after Jamie Walker was tripped 20 yards from goal . But Alim Ozturk flashed a free-kick wide of the far post . Walker then unleashed a venomous drive from 25 yards that was expertly tipped over by Oxley . Cummings is crongratulated by his team-mates as Hibernian claimed a vital win in the race for second place . Hearts were pressing but Hibs wasted another great chance to add a second in the 67th minute through El Alagui . Allan 's corner was lifted back into the area by Fontaine and the unmarked forward swung a tame left-footed volley at Alexander from inside the six-yard box . Hibs survived a goal-mouth scramble in the 74th minute that saw Jordon Forster make a great block to deny Genero Zeefuik . The hosts then went on a three-against-one counter-attack charge led by Dominique Malonga but the Congo international selfishly hit the ball wide when Martin Boyle was in vast amounts of space at the edge of the area . Hearts responded with an opening of their own but Oxley did well to get down to Osman Sow 's low effort from 12 yards at his near post . Hibs wrapped up the win in injury time when substitute Franck Dja Djedje found El Alagui in space and the marksman chipped the ball over Alexander from close range .