She may have been shying away from the cameras on Made In Chelsea so far this season , but Lucy Watson proves her career is stronger than ever as she 's unveiled as the face of another campaign . The reality TV star is every inch the beach babe as the face of Very.co.uk 's #cantwaitforsummer campaign . The 24-year-old brings the spirit of summer to shoppers , showing off her effortless beach body in the fun and flirty high-summer designs . Scroll down for video . Lucy Watson showcases her toned body as the face of Very.co.uk 's #cantwaitforsummer campaign . Lucy , who describes her perfect summer as ` sun , tan and chilling ' , showcases Ibiza-inspired summer brights and tropical print sun dresses in the shoot . The fitness fanatic , who recently starred in a Made In Chelsea work-out DVD , shows off her toned midriff in cut-out swimwear the brand say is perfect for taking you from the beach to balmy evenings in the bar . The reality TV star , who will be returning to Made In Chelsea in the coming weeks , is every inch the beach babe as she models the colourful clothes in the new shoot . The star , who can be seen showing off swimwear and tiny shorts , describes her perfect summer as ` sun , tan and chilling ' Lucy models the Ibiza-inspired summer brights and tropical print sun dresses to perfection . Lucy , who , according to Heat magazine , is tipped to be making an appearance in the E4 show in the next few weeks , has enlisted the help of a personal trainer to keep her looking trim . FEMAIL recently caught up with the fitness aficionado and the man behind her new physique to find out the workout that keeps her in shape . Speaking about how she developed a passion for health and fitness , Lucy , 23 , said : ` I 'm motivated by people around me and I just got to a point in my life where I needed a change . ' Trainer and nutritionist , Ashton Turner , who owns Enhance Nutrition LDN in London and trains Lucy , said : ` Lucy and I met when we worked together on the Made in Chelsea fitness DVD . ` Lucy was one of the cast members who took part in my workout . After the DVD , she wanted to continue with her training and I asked to work with her . ' Lucy models cut-out swimwear and kaftans that the brand say are perfect for taking you from the beach to balmy evenings in the bar . Discussing Lucy 's physique and fitness before they met , Ashton said : ` Lucy has always had a naturally lean body , which is thanks to her being active growing up and taking part in gymnastics and dance . ` She also leads a fairly healthy lifestyle and pays attention to what she eats . Her fitness levels were n't terrible but they also were n't where they could have been , which is probably due to her filming schedule but we all have periods where work or life take a front seat and exercise a back one . ' Lucy , who cites her role model as ` amazing ' Jessica Alba , said she found working out ` boring ' and ` difficult ' at first because she had such a busy schedule that she found it hard to get into a routine . Lucy 's typical workout incorporates a squat or a deadlift , both of which are great for toning legs and glutes . She said : ` My days are always different and I could never get properly into it . I think it 's just wanting those improvements with your body and health in general that motivated me . ' Lucy says she likes exercise ` where you do n't even realise you 're exercising ' , like tennis or horse riding . But , she says , thanks to Ashton , who is always changing it up and is fun to be around , she never gets bored any more . ` I do n't want to emulate anyone else 's body , ' she admits . ` I just want mine to be toned and lean . I do n't want to lose any weight or curves , just tone up what I already have . I also want to increase my strength . ' So how can we emulate her taut stomach ? Ashton said : ` Lucy has a great flat tummy but is n't looking for washboard abs . In our sessions , we concentrate on a mixture of core exercises like planks and side planks as these help to pull in your waist . ` We then add lower ab exercises such as reverse crunches as lower abs are often overlooked . On top of this , we add rotational movements such as seated twists . This ensures Lucy has both a flat stomach and a strong core for the bigger exercises such as squats and deadlifts . ' He added : ` Lucy also ensures her diet is clean , luckily there was n't much we needed to change but its true what they say , abs are built in the gym but revealed in the kitchen . ' Ashton and Lucy 's typical workout will incorporate a big lift such as a squat or a deadlift , both of which are great for toning legs and glutes . Lucy showed off her style credentials at the f & f AW15 show in London last week . Lucy has also been following a healthy diet , which she posts on her Instagram page , to complement her fitness regime . As her trainer says , abs are built in the gym but revealed in the kitchen . The duo then follow this up with mini circuits concentrating on working the body in single leg movements such as walking lunges and upper body push and pull exercises like press-ups . ` Every session is a full body session to keep her body balanced and injury-free and we often throw in HIIT -LRB- high intensity interval training -RRB- finishers to add in a cardio element , ' he said . Ashton believes that , like Lucy , more and more women are embracing weight training , which he thinks is , in part , due to some ` fantastic and beautiful athletic role models out there ' . He added : ` Everyone trains for different reasons . There are strong people , there are skinny people , but what is important is that people are allowed to feel comfortable in their bodies . Having people like Lucy show young females that you can enjoy life , eat well , train and reap the rewards is great . ' Lucy , who is also the face of Wilkinson sword razor blades , has shared her top beauty tips with FEMAIL ...