Multi-million pound yachts , private jets and exclusive bolt-holes are not only the preserve of the super rich . If you know where to look , how to shop and when to book you can save thousands of pounds on exclusive travel deals . From private islands and Aston Martins to castles and 75ft yachts , TravelMail brings you an expert guide to holidaying like millionaire - no six-figure salary or Coutts bank account necessary . Scroll down for video . If you know where to look and when to book you can holiday like millionaire - no six-figure salary necessary . Private jets . If you think chartering a private jet is only possible for the likes of Beyonce , oligarchs and diplomats , you are in luck . Jetsuite.com lets those with a far smaller bank balance book private jets for vastly reduced rates . Look up the SuiteDeals section of their website , which has last minute group bookings where tickets within the US start at $ 536 -LRB- £ 369 -RRB- each way -LRB- for the whole jet -RRB- , or use their subscription service to be notified via text message if a route you are planning suddenly becomes available . The routes and times on offer are limited but , if you are flexible , it will more than pay off . Between a group of travellers , the price works out at not much more than a commercial flight . For European or international flights , try PrivateFly 's Empty Legs option . ` Empty legs ' are cut-price return trips made by private jets after dropping off someone who originally chartered the plane - but did n't need the journey back . Instead of sending the jet back empty , the company lists it for up to 75 per cent off for Joe Normal Blogs . If you fill it with eight of your friend it can work out cheaper than EasyJet . Current deals include London to New York on a Legacy 650 , or Luxembourg to Singapore with a Legacy 600 Executive . For European or international flights , try PrivateFly 's 'Em pty Legs ' option which will get you 75 per cent off . Private Islands and castles . Websites such as Airbnb , HomeAway and VRBO have changed the way we holiday , and paved the way for exclusive rentals for next to nothing . Stay in a castle in the Lake District -LRB- £ 95 per night -RRB- , a stately home in Wiltshire -LRB- £ 150 per night -RRB- and a private island in the Philippines -LRB- £ 234 per night - based on ten people staying in a two-storey house on the beach -RRB- through Airbnb . The company now spans an empire of more than 35,000 cities and 190 countries around the world . Castle Augill in the Lake District , England was built in 1841 , sleeps 16 and can be rented for £ 95 per night . A dining room in Augill Castle in Kirkby Stephen . The property has 15 acres and can be rented via Airbnb . James McClure , Airbnb UK Country Manager says , ` By opening up their homes and local experiences , hosts give guests insight that can easily rival any of the world 's top concierges . ` And with a wide range of choices across every style and size imaginable , we offer life-changing experiences that do n't have to break the bank . ' ` You can enjoy unique travel experiences with prices starting from under £ 10 a night ... . You can stay in an apartment for a night , a castle for a week , a villa for a month or a treehouse for a year . ' Bradley House : You can rent rooms in the home of Queen Jane Seymour 's descendants for £ 150 per night . Rent-an-island : 2,000 sq m Brother Island in the Philippines can be booked for £ 234 per night for ten people . Mega yachts . Getmyboat.com is the Airbnb of the yacht world . Browse 28,000 boats in 135 different countries that are affordable and able to rent by the day from their owners . If you have a boat you can also list it here to make money while you are not using it . Search by country -- popular locations are Croatia , London , Bahamas , Barcelona or California - or vessel , and split the rental cost between a group of friends . Fancy chartering a 75ft Sunseeker Predator ? It can be yours for £ 125 -LRB- $ 187 -RRB- per person per day . As well as luxury and mega yachts , there are speed boats , kayaks and house boat on offer . The inside of a Sunseeker Predator : one of the many yachts available to rent by the day through Getmyboat . Mark Duncan from YPI says holiday goers can save thousands by travelling in May , June and September . Mark Duncan from Yachting Partners International -LRB- YPI -RRB- says holiday goers can also save thousands of pounds by booking super yachts either side of high season . ` You can save anything from 10,000 to 50,000 euros on the high season rate and , these days , with climate change , May , June and September often have better weather than the traditional July and August in the Med . ' Choosing an older , smaller yacht is also wise . Mark advises choosing a 25m to 30m yacht for 12 people to most efficiently spread the finances . ` -LSB- It -RSB- makes it no more expensive than a regular high end private resort hotel but with a whole lot more to experience and enjoy and all with your own professional captain , crew and chef . ' Jaguar F-Type : Myriad companies offer the use of a pristine , turbo-charged super car for the day . Super cars . If you have a hot date or romantic weekend plans , a super car may be a worthwhile outlay . Premiere Velocity is one of myriad companies offering the use of a pristine , turbo-charged super car for the day or , sometimes , by the hour . Rent a Aston Martin DB9 from £ 423 a day , a Jaguar F-Type S 5.0 V8 for £ 295 or a Porsche Boxster S for as little as £ 175 a day . There 's also an online option to listen to a 10 second clip of the engine purring . An Aston Martin DB9 can be booked from £ 423 a day and you can listen to the engine online before buying . Handbags . You 've booked the island , you 've chartered the private jet - but what about your holiday wardrobe ? Websites dedicated to borrowing designer handbags , dresses and clothing are soaring in popularity , so your suitcase can look the part too . -LRB- Left -RRB- Tara Palmer-Tomkinson arrives at an airport draped in Louis Vuitton luggage and -LRB- right -RRB- a Chanel bag . Try fashionhire.co.uk for a £ 2,000 Chanel bag that you can carry about for £ 130 per month , or - to travel in style - invest in a classic Louis Vuitton giant holdall for £ 100 for five days from theborrowersclub.com . Dress up in outfits by designers such as from Lanvin , Peter Pilotto , Ossie Clark or Christopher Kane , for a fraction of their usual price at GirlMeetsDress , DreamWardrobe or RentTheRunway . While you 'll have to give it back at the end of the day , for the right occasion it might be worth its weight in gold .