It was a vision that apparently led the biblical Paul to become one of the most influential figures in early Christianity by helping to spread the religion around the world . But now astronomers believe the bright light in the sky that triggered the conversion of Paul the Apostle may have actually been a falling meteor 2,000 years ago . They say descriptions of Paul 's experience - in which he was blinded for three days after seeing a bright light - match accounts of the fireball that streaked across the sky above Chelyabinsk in Russia in 2013 . Scroll down for video . Paul converted to Christianity after experiencing a bright light and a divine voice while he traveled on a road towards Damascus in Syria , as depicted in this painting by Michelangelo , but it may have been a meteor . Dr William Hartmann , co-founder of the Planetary Science Institute in Tucson , Arizona , examined three accounts of Paul 's conversion in the Bible . Writing in the journal Meteoritics and Planetary Science , he said : ` The first-century book , Acts of the Apostles , gives three separate descriptions of a bright light `` from heaven '' , which occurred probably in the 30s -LRB- C.E. -RRB- near Damascus , Syria . A meteor that blazed across southern Urals in February was the largest recorded meteor strike in more than a century . More than 1,600 people were injured by the shock wave from the explosion , estimated to be as strong as 20 Hiroshima atomic bombs , as it landed near the city of Chelyabinsk . The fireball measuring 18 meters across , screamed into Earth 's atmosphere at 41,600 mph . Much of the meteor landed in a local lake called Chebarkul . Scientists have already uncovered more than 12 pieces from Lake Chebarkul since the February 15 incident . However , only five of them turned out being real meteorites . The Chelyabinsk asteroid caused the second most powerful explosion in recorded history . The first was in 1908 when a suspected asteroid exploded with a force about 1,000 times more powerful than Hiroshima , levelling about 80m trees over 772 sq miles -LRB- 2,000 sq km -RRB- near Russia 's Podkamennaya Tunguska river in Siberia . It is thought the Chelyabinsk meteor may have formed after breaking off a 656 feet wide asteroid called 2011 EO . Researchers have also found that it may have collided with another asteroid around 290 million years ago . ` The details offer a strikingly good match to a Chelyabinsk-class or Tunguska-class fireball . ' In the accounts given in the Bible , Paul had been one of the zealous persecutors of the followers of Jesus . However , during a journey to Damascus , Syria , he and his companions saw a bright light in the sky . Paul was blinded for three days and he heard a divine voice or sound . The experience apparently so affected Paul that he converted to Christianity and undertook several influential missions to spread the word of Christ around the Mediterranean . Many believe Paul 's preaching led to the rise of much of the theology and traditions in the Roman and Protestant faith strands that exist today . However , some have attempted to explain Paul 's vision as being the result of some kind of seizure or of sunstroke . Dr Hartmann , however , says the description of the light in the sky , the thunderous sound and the temporary blindness all match the events of a meteorite . He said the Cheyabinsk meteor , which exploded in the atmosphere close to the Russian city , is a good example of what Paul may have experienced . He said that the bright light in the sky - which was ` brighter than the sun , shining round me ' - matches videos of the Chelyabinsk meteor , which was estimated to be three times as bright as the sun . Its movement across the sky created fast moving shadows that would have given the impression of the light moving around Paul . The meteorite that streaked across the sky above Chelyabinsk in Russia -LRB- above -RRB- created a bright light and noise that may have been similar to those experienced by Paul the Apostle in 30 AD , claims astronomer . The shockwave caused by exploding meterorite over Chelyabinsk shattered windows and apparently caused the roof of this zinc factory in the city to collapse . 100 people were injured by flying glass from the blast . Dr Hartmann says that the shockwave created by an exploding meteor could also have been responsible for knocking Paul and his companions to the ground after the light . The shock wave created by the meteor that exploded above Chelyabinsk shattered windows , rocked cars and knocked people over . Dr Hartmann also argues that the sound of the explosion could also have been the source of the ` voice ' Paul heard . The three accounts of his experience in the Bible differ , with some saying it was a voice and others a sound . The fireball that above Chelyabinsk -LRB- above -RRB- was captured by a number of dashboard cameras in cars . Paul 's temporary blindness could also have been caused by the intense ultraviolet radiation from the meteor - creating a condition called photokeratitis . Dr Hartmann said : ` Among the most impressive , unexpected consistencies with modern knowledge is the first-century description of symptoms of temporary blindness caused by exposure to intense radiation , matching a condition now known as photokeratitis . ' In Chelyabinsk the radiation given off by the meteor was strong enough to cause sunburn and some temporary blindness . Speaking to New Scientist , Dr Hartmann said : ` Everything they are describing in those three accounts in the book of Acts are exactly the sequence you see with a fireball . ` If that first-century document had been anything other than part of the Bible , that would have been a straightforward story . ' The 20-ft-wide hole in the ice of a frozen lake was created by the falling fragments of the Chelyabinsk meteor . He added that unfamiliar natural phenomena like an exploding meteor are often interpreted in the context of ` current cultural conceptions ' . He added however that he does not intend to discredit Christianity with his interpretation , but hopes to show how a meteor may have changed the course of the religion . Other researchers said that a search for meteorites in and around Syria could help to prove his theories . Even if his theory does prove to be correct , others say that it is unlikely that Christianity would not have spread if Paul had not encountered the meteor . However , Justin Meggitt , a religious historian at the University of Cambridge , said that the religion could have been very different . He told New Scientist : ` People 's interpretation of Paul is absolutely fundamental to some of the central figures of Christianity . ` Christianity probably would be very different without him . '