Is this the world 's safest bike ? Its designers certainly think so . Boasting front and rear lights , rear view mirrors and even a car horn , the team behind the electric Babel Bike say it is unprecedented in its approach to safety . And perhaps most noticeable of all is the roll cage that surrounds the cyclist - keeping them safe against trucks and buses turning into them . Scroll down for video . London-based designer claims to have made the world 's safest bike . Called the Babel Bike it has a host of features including a roll cage . Crispin Sinclair -LRB- shown with the bike -RRB- is seeking £ 50,000 of funding on site Indiegogo . The bike also has foot protectors and an electric motor . The Babel Bike was designed by London-based Crispin Sinclair - son of the famous British inventor Sir Clive Sinclair , whose 1985 Sinclair C5 bike turned out to be somewhat of a flop . Crispin will be hoping a similar fate does not befall his invention though - and hopes the array of safety features will appeal to safety-conscious cyclists . He is seeking £ 50,000 -LRB- $ 74,000 -RRB- of funding on Indiegogo to bring his dream to fruition . The price might be a bit much for some , with the non-electric version retailing for £ 2,499 -LRB- $ 3,693 -RRB- , and the full electric version £ 3,499 -LRB- $ 5,170 -RRB- . Both are £ 500 -LRB- $ 740 -RRB- less if bought through Indiegogo . May 2016 is the estimated delivery date for the bike at the moment . The bike has a small wheel at the front and a larger one on the back , with a lockable white bar connecting them that doubles as storage for the bike 's innards . It does n't rely on pedal power alone , but rather has an electric motor inside that assists it at speeds of up to 20mph in the US and 15.5 mph in the EU . ` In both the US and the EU you can still pedal faster but in both jurisdictions the motor ca n't assist at higher speeds -LRB- by law -RRB- , ' the team notes on their Indiegogo page . The bike has a small wheel at the front and a larger one on the back , with a lockable white bar connecting them that doubles as storage for the bike 's innards . There is a holder for a smartphone on the front so you can keep track of vital stats . The controls for the Shimano 250-watt electric assist motor are located on the handlebars , and provide up to 50 per cent assistance . The battery has a range of 50 to 80 miles -LRB- 80 to 130 km -RRB- . The bike is recharged by either removing the battery and recharging it at home , or with an optional electric-car-charging lead . At the front of the bike are two steel foot protectors , which are detachable and can also be used as a bike lock . The Babel Bike was designed by London-based Crispin Sinclair - son of the famous British inventor Sir Clive Sinclair , whose 1985 Sinclair C5 bike -LRB- pictured with Clive in it -RRB- turned out to be somewhat of a flop . At the front of the bike are two steel foot protectors , pictured here , which are detachable and can also be used as a bike lock . The bike does n't rely on pedal power alone , but rather has an electric motor inside that assists it at speeds of up to 20mph in the US and 15.5 mph in the EU . ` In both the US and the EU you can still pedal faster but in both jurisdictions the motor ca n't assist at higher speeds -LRB- by law -RRB- , ' the team notes on their Indiegogo page . But Crispin notes in a video that even all these safety features ` wo n't help in a collision with a turning bus or truck at a junction - by far the single biggest cause of cycling fatalities . ' Transport for London says that 65 per cent of all bike fatalities in London are caused by trucks and buses cutting across cyclists . So the team designed a roll cage for the bike , which prevents it getting trapped under a vehicle . If a truck or bus comes into contact with the bike , it will hit the roll cage first and ensure the cyclist is pushed to relative safety -- or at least , that 's the plan . The side of the seat -- also detachable -- has foam pads to cushion against side impacts , while the shape has apparently being designed with aerodynamics in mind by former Red Bull F1 engineers . ` Our dream is to put a million more cyclists on our roads , and therefore take a million cars off them , and to do that we need to give cyclists their safety back , ' said Crispin . Whether the bike will prove to be more of a success than his father 's invention remains to be seen , though .