MK Dons boss Karl Robinson hailed the patience of his team as they beat Doncaster 3-0 to keep the heat on Preston at the top of League One . Robinson 's team needed a freakish goal by Dean Bowditch , 25 minutes from time , to break Doncaster 's resistance and stay within a point of the automatic promotion places with two games to play . Substitute Bowditch had only been on for a few seconds when a clearance by defender Mitchell Lund hit him on the head and looped into the net . MK Dons midfielder Carl Baker celebrates scoring the second goal . League One player of the year Dele Alli of MK Dons goes past them . MK Dons winger Samir Carruthers goes on the attack during his side 's 3-0 win over Doncaster . ` It 's our first time this season we 've had a fluke goal , it 's overdue , ' said Robinson after Carl Baker , another substitute , had secured the win with two fine goals . ` We never lost patience . We showed great maturity and quality and that 's 12 goals in out last three games . ` To be on 85 points is sensational . If we win one more and get to 88 that will be a magnificent season . If we win them both and get 91 that 's unbelievable . If it 's not good enough to finish second we 'll go into the play-offs as the form team . ' Meanwhile , Preston remain in pole position to join champions Bristol City in the Championship next season as they stay a point ahead of the Dons after a 3-1 win at Notts County , who are staring relegation in the face . First-half goals from Jermaine Beckford and Joe Garner set up the success , before James Spencer got the Magpies back in it . But Beckford 's second sealed it in the final 10 minutes to leave County two points adrift of safety with two games left . Swindon look destined for the play-offs after only managing a 3-3 draw with Walsall . The Robins will have to win their remaining three games and hope that Preston and the Dons lose their last two to have any chance of gatecrashing the top two . Jermaine Beckford scored a brace for Preston to help his side defeat Notts County 3-1 on Tuesday . Joe Garner -LRB- right -RRB- netted a first-half goal to double Preston 's lead and set them on their way to a perfect win . Goals from Kieron Morris and Jordy Hiwula put the Saddlers two to the good only for two quickfire penalties from Ben Gladwin to bring Swindon level . Romaine Sawyers ' effort 16 minutes from time looked to be decisive but Jordan Turnbull levelled late on for the Robins . Rochdale kept their faint play-off hopes alive with a 1-0 win over Leyton Orient , which leaves the O 's in dire straits at the other end of the table . Ian Henderson 's 66th-minute goal won it for Dale who are five points adrift of the top six with two games to play and need Chesterfield or Sheffield United to drop points to get in the play-offs . Orient , who were beaten play-off finalists last season , are two points adrift of safety . Elsewhere , Scunthorpe virtually guaranteed their third-tier status after a 1-1 draw at home to Bradford . Gary McSheffrey put the Iron ahead midway through the first half only for Billy Clarke to cancel it out just after the hour . However , Mark Robins ' men move six points clear of the bottom four with two games left and a superior goal difference to those teams below them .