Adding a gritty edge to Tuesday at Mercedes Benz Fashion Week Australia , Phoenix Keating , Alice McCall , Zhivago and Khim Hangall embraced a raw , punk style on the catwalk . Punk fashion took to the runway at Sydney 's Carriageworks , with stocking caps , fishnets , tattoos and leather harnesses reigning the catwalk . Khim Hang , 22 , displayed a bold collection with brooding models donning stocking caps and attire that could be likened to that of war soldiers . Scroll down for video . Karate Kids : Models go oriental with loose metallic pants , skorts and tied kimono blazers at Khim Hang . Eighties revival : Fishnets were brought back into fashion in the new Phoenix Keating collection . Tatts are back : Models were seen to have a colourful display of tattoos on show at the Alice McCall show . Spice up your life : Model is seen wearing nineties Spice Girls bun hair style on runway at Phoenix Keating . The collection , which adopted its own punk-look , showed a strong oriental influence - an obvious nod to his cultural background -LRB- his parents are originally from Cambodia -RRB- . The line featured oriental influenced prints , rigid soldier tailoring as seen in the kimono jackets , waist ties , loose pants and eyebrow raising stocking shoes and caps that could overall look be described as a modern fusion of war soldier meets lay monk . This year also marks a record for Hang who has been said to be the youngest designer to show at MBFWA . Green with envy : Metallic shades of olive green and emerald dominated on the Zhivago runway . Killer geishas : Models mimic geishas in with white asymmetrical dresses and gold shoes at Zhivago . At 22 , the Brisbane designer already has over 30 international stockists - despite it only being his third year as a designer . Fashion Bloggers star Margaret Zhang teamed up with the designer to style the runway show . In a striking contrast to Hang 's conservative punk adoption , dark eyes , wet hair a sexy attitude ruled at Phoenix Keating runway . Prom night : Model wears Barbie pink prom inspired dress at Alice McCall but loses a sleeve along the way . Sydney-based designer , Phoenix Keating , who has previously wowed the likes of Lady Gaga , brought a dark , glam punk showcase with fish netted models taking to the runway with bronzed skin , smoky eyes and wet look hair . The collection featured black satin and emerald crepe fabrics amongst the fishnet overlays and captured the on-trend netting style seen in sport luxe looks , but adding a sophisticated , edge to the smouldering models . Satin show stopper : Black satin was used in conjunction with fishnet fabric to add sexy , edge to Keating show . Oversized office attire : Models wore lose black and white pants and men style shirts in the Khim Hang show . The Alice McCall show also grabbed the audience 's attention in a clearly visual punk representation , with colourful , tattoos displayed across the back of a catwalk model . The model wore a open backed top , which clearly highlighted the punk-rock tattoos , a obvious statement rebelling against the fashion norm , in what follows throughout the gritty collection . Contrasting the tattoo laden model , another model mimics a prom Barbie , with innocent blonde locks and a satin pink frock , but is fast made punk with smoky eyes reminiscent of the heroine chic look . Crepe on the catwalk : Models wear crepe , flowing dresses at the Michael Lo Sordo . Corporate cool : Models wear sophisticated high-neck designs at the Ginger and Smart show . The model is also seen to lose one of her sleeves mid-catwalk in what 's not is a mistake or a obvious tribute to her late night , rolled-out-of a-gutter chic look . The last triumphant punk look came from Western Australian design duo Zhivago . Zhivago 's Lara Kovacevich and Lydia Tsvetnenko swapped rag-doll , wet look hair for bold , black , cut-throat bob-cut wigs , in what can be described as a killer geisha models . All that glitters : Models wear gold asymmetrical dress -LRB- left -RRB- and contrasting muted grey -LRB- right -RRB- at Toni Maticevski . White out : It was all about crisp , textured whites at the Haryono Setiadi show . Wearing leather harnessed stiletto heels , striking black wigs , high-cut asymmetrical dresses and arm cuffs the collection was a strong edition to the modern punk look on display . Models also were seen to have dark eye lined eyes and dominant brushed eyebrows . The remaining designers that presented including Jason Brunsdon , Toni Maticveski , Ginger and Smart , Michael Lo Sordo and One Fell Swoop chose to take a more safe approach , sticking with classic couture - with frills , pastels , draping and long-line gowns . Sleek selection : Models wore silky , soft white and black classics at the One Fell Swoop show . Sex in Sydney : Models channel a 90s Carrie Bradshaw inspired look at Jayson Brunsdon .