A picture , believed to be the only image of the Civil War ironclad , the CSS Georgia has been revealed to be a fake created in a teenage hoax using a 2ft model . John Potter , from Savannah , has admitted forging the picture with his brother in the 1980s and placing it in a frame which now holds a picture of his dead dog . He then passed on the image on to the Georgia Historical Society and the photo became an unofficial part of the ship 's history even though it was never authenticated . Scroll down for video . John Potter -LRB- pictured -RRB- , from Savannah , has admitted forging the picture with his brother in the 1980s and placing the picture in a frame which now holds a picture of his dead dog . In 1986 he fibbed that he was at a yard sale when he found the photograph in an antique frame.Inscribed on the back of the frame , he claimed , was ` CSS Georgia . ' He told historians that he did n't have the $ 175 the owner wanted . The picture Mr Potter handed over to the society was actually a picture of a picture . In 1986 he fibbed that he was at a yard sale when he found the photograph in an antique frame . Inscribed on the back of the frame , he claimed , was ` CSS Georgia . ' He told historians that he did n't have the $ 175 the owner wanted , so he took a photo of it and then mailed it to historical groups in Savannah . Potter has now admitted the sham and explained how he falsified the image . When he was a teenager in Savannah , Potter , his brother Jeffrey and a friend shot a short 8 mm movie about the building -- and destruction -- of the CSS Georgia in a fictional battle with Union troops . For the movie , they built an 18-foot long boat of plywood and Styrofoam , as well as a smaller 2-foot model . They based the design , in part , on his grandfather 's recollections of details passed down by word of mouth through generations of their family . Potter also used an illustration of the ironclad he found on a postcard . To create the fake image Potter 's younger brother put on a coat and straw hat went out to a marsh with a cane fishing pole and Potter took a photo . He took another photo of the 2-foot model and cut out the boat 's image , glued it onto the photo of his brother , then used dirt and glue to create the illusion of a photo faded by age and stained by water or chemicals . Evidence of the hoax : All elements of the fakery were snapped by Potter at one time . The small model boat here appears alongside the false picture , polaroids of it and a 1984 copy of Mad Magazine . He bought an old picture frame and beat it up even further . He put the photo in it . Then he drove 120 miles to a yard sale in Waycross , Georgia , put the picture down and took a Polaroid of it . He laughs now , when he remembers that it had seemed so important that he actually do this at a yard sale , so at least that part would be true . ` Who knows what goes through the mind of a kid , ' he said . The US Army Corps of Engineers appealed for information about the picture as it embarked on a project to raise the ironclad . Potter sent out the photo to historical groups , setting off the sporadic , and fruitless , search for a CSS Georgia photo that he now says never existed . As the Army Corps of Engineers embarked this year on a $ 14 million project to raise the wreckage of the real CSS Georgia from the river , archaeologists publicised the image online and in news stories hoping to track down the original photo . ` Wanted : A Photo Of This Confederate Battleship , ' read the headline above the image on the Army Corps website . ` There are a lot of characteristics in the photograph that lead us to believe it is the CSS Georgia , ' Julie Morgan , the Army Corps archaeologist in charge of raising the ironclad 's remains , said in a February interview . ` On the other side , there are some skeptics who believe it 's a complete fake . ' Robert Holcombe , former curator of the National Civil War Naval Museum in Columbus , Georgia , said in February that while the original photograph would be needed to confirm if the image was authentic , he believed it was real . ` Most people seem to think so , ' he said . ` Or else it 's an awfully good fake ' . The peeling gilt frame that once held the disputed photo , is now filled with a portrait of Potter 's deceased pug , Puggy Van Dug . He never became a successful special effects artist with the exception of the one faked photo . The peeling gilt frame that once held the disputed photo , is now filled with a portrait of Potter 's deceased pug , Puggy Van Dug .