Nicola Sturgeon this afternoon scoffed at claims by Labour leader Ed Miliband that he would never do a deal with the SNP to become Prime Minister - insisting he will ` change his tune ' after the election . The Scottish First Minister said Mr Miliband simply ` wo n't have the votes to say that he is going to do what he likes come what may ' and reiterated her call for Labour to ` work together to lock the Tories out ' . It came after Mr Miliband this morning repeatedly insisted he would not enter into any deal with the SNP after the election - either as a formal Coalition or a looser pact to put him in Number 10 . Scroll down for video . Labour leader Ed Miliband and his wife Justine meet Hindu devotees at the Shree Swaminarayan Temple in Willesden Green , London today . The Labour leader 's visit to the north London temple came after he told BBC1 's Andrew Marr Show he would not do any deals with the SNP . But Ms Sturgeon said ` I suspect Ed Miliband will change his tune once the votes are cast . . ' Labour is expected to suffer heavy losses in Scotland - where it won 41 seats in 2010 - with forecasts suggesting Ms Sturgeon 's party could see as many as 50 MPs elected . The latest set of UK-wide polls indicate that the General Election race is still neck-and-neck , with the country heading for a probable hung parliament and coalition negotiations after May 7 . Pressed on whether he would consider a confidence-and-supply deal with the SNP to ensure backing for a Queen 's Speech and Budget if he failed to secure an overall majority , Mr Miliband said : ` I am not interested in deals , no . ' The Labour leader told BBC1 's Andrew Marr Show : ` If it is a Labour government it will be a Labour Queen 's Speech , it will be a Labour Budget . It will not be written by the SNP . ' But Ms Sturgeon told Sky News : ` On May 8 once the votes are cast , once the people have cast their verdict , Ed Miliband , just like the rest of us , will have to respect the wishes of the people in a democratic election . Nicola Sturgeon , the leader of the Scottish National Party , visits Jump Gymnastics community club in Cumbernauld during a campaign event , Scotland . Ms Sturgeon launched the SNP 's youth manifesto today as polls predicted the party would win a landslide victory on May 7 . SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon speaking at a rally of female activists to launch the SNP 's women 's pledge today . ` If there is a minority government , if no party has an overall majority , then it 's simply not possible to ignore the views of other parties - I know that , I was part of a minority government at the Scottish Parliament . ` So if the SNP has a large number of MPs , firstly we can use that clout to keep the Tories out , and secondly we can use it to ensure the Tories are replaced with something better , bolder and more progressive . ` If that remains the case on May 8 if he does n't have a majority , what he will be saying to the people is rather than work with the SNP if there is an anti-Tory majority , he 'd rather watch David Cameron waltz back into Downing Street . ` I do n't want that and the SNP will use our votes to stop a Tory government getting off the ground if there is that anti-Tory majority . ' Ms Sturgeon added : ` It 's the people who are in charge and the politicians have to respect the democratic wishes of the people , if Ed Miliband does n't get a majority , as the polls are all saying he wo n't , then he 'll have to work with other parties . ' David Cameron delivers a speech to party activists while campaigning in Norton Sub Hamdon near Yeovil today . Mr Cameron said he made ` no apology ' for focussing on the threat posed by the SNP in the election next month . The latest opinion poll in Scotland shows Labour remains on course for heavy losses to the Scottish nationalists in its heartlands north of the border - keeping hold of as few as five seats . Just over a quarter of Scots say they will be voting for Labour in the election , according to the Panelbase poll for The Sunday Times , down two on earlier in the month , with the SNP up three points to stand at 48 per cent . With the election now less than two weeks away , the Prime Minister and other leading Tories have stepped up their attacks on the SNP . David Cameron warned voters that they have '11 days to save Britain ' as he claimed Scottish nationalists ` do n't want the country to succeed ' . In an escalation of his rhetoric about the dangers of the May 7 General Election producing a minority Labour government propped up by the Scottish National Party , he told the Sunday Express that nationalist MPs would be hoping for a ` disaster ' which would bring forward their dream of independence . Meanwhile , Conservative Home Secretary Theresa May told the Mail on Sunday that a Labour/SNP government could be ` the biggest constitutional crisis since the abdication ' , when King Edward VIII gave up the throne in 1936 . Ms Sturgeon said : ` Theresa May has made herself look completely and utterly stupid with ridiculous over the top comments like that . ` This is the same Theresa May that tried to tell the people of Scotland during the referendum campaign that if we voted Yes we would lose our passports and have border controls . ` People will look at these silly comments , and I was going to say they will treat them with contempt , but that actually attaches too much seriousness to them . People will just laugh at her . '