Buildings draped in vibrant flowers , jagged shapes of light origami designed to trick the mind , and forests of floating white dresses are just some of the magical installations coming to this year 's Vivid Sydney festival . Each winter since 2009 the city has come alight with mind-bending light shows projected onto iconic buildings such as the Sydney Harbour Bridge , Opera House , Customs House and the Museum of Contemporary Art . In 2015 the festival , which also includes a plethora of art , music and theatre shows as part of the exhibition , has expanded its installations outside the CBD and now includes the newly erected Central Park in Chippendale and the north shore suburb of Chatswood . Exhibits will still be found at Circular Quay , The Rocks , Darling Harbour , Pyrmont and Martin Place . Spectators can look forward to Customs House coated in Jacarandas , a translucent pop up bar in Martin Place , a light origami maze , glowing swings with the Sydney Harbour Bridge as the backdrop and the sails of the Opera House lit up again . This year will feature the city 's first ever interactive skyscraper illumination that can be controlled by visitors . Vivid starts on May 22 and runs until June 8 from 6pm-midnight each night , with over 60 light installations and 140 artists . Scroll down for video . Light origami : This year 's Vivid Festival will feature a maze of lights designed to trick the eyes and boggle the mind . Glowing gossamer gowns : Also exhibited will be these eerie white dresses made entirely from lights . In full bloom : Customs House in Circular Quay will blossom into a magnificent Jacaranda tree during the festival . Glowing swings : These vibrant apparatus will stand out against the backdrop of the illuminated Sydney Harbour Bridge . Crystal glass : The Museum of Contemporary Art will again be lit up with colourful projections in 2015 . Lighting of the sails : The Sydney Opera House will get a brightly coloured facelift every evening from 6pm-midnight during the festival . Transcendence : Martin Place will play host to a glowing pop-up bar from May 22 . Robotanic : This year attendees will be treated to an array of glowing installations and curious artist creations .