Tax adviser Duncan Hodgetts -LRB- pictured -RRB- , from Birmingham , West Midlands , fell to his death from a Manhattan building . A British tax advisor has plunged more than 100ft to his death from an apartment window in a suspected suicide while on a business trip to New York . Duncan Hodgetts , 25 , fell from the 14th floor window of the Executive Plaza building in midtown Manhattan at 8.30 am yesterday morning . He was found on a third-floor balcony of the neighboring Michelangelo Hotel , near the Rockefeller Center , and was pronounced dead at the scene . It is understood the tax specialist for Ernst and Young , based in Birmingham , had been on a business trip when he fell from the balcony of one of the corporate apartments . An NYPD spokesman said they were treating his death as suicide . He said : ` Officers were called at about 8.29 am to the Michelangelo Hotel to reports a man had jumped to his death . ` His body was found on the third floor balcony of the hotel and he was pronounced deceased at the scene . ` Detectives from the mid-district precinct contacted his family and we are not treating the incident as suspicious . ` It is being treated as suicide and there are no further investigations into the matter at this stage . ' A doorman at a nearby hotel confirmed to MailOnline that a body was removed from the apartment building at 11 am on Monday . In a statement Ernst and Young said : ` We are very saddened to hear of the death of our colleague , Duncan Hodgetts . The 25-year-old reportedly fell from a 14th floor apartment window at the Executive Plaza building -LRB- pictured -RRB- at 8.30 am on Monday . A spokesman for the New York Police Department said they were treating Mr Hodgetts ' death as suicide . Tax adviser Duncan Hodgetts -LRB- pictured -RRB- , from Birmingham , West Midlands , worked for accountancy firm Ernst and Young . ` The matter is being investigated by the New York Police Department and they can expect our full cooperation . ` Our thoughts and prayers are with Duncan 's family , friends and colleagues . ' The Michelangelo Hotel refused to comment on the death because Mr Hodgetts was not a guest of the hotel . Staff at Executive Plaza did not recognize Mr Hodgetts from photographs and referred questions to the building superintendent who was not immediately available for comment . The Executive Plaza at Rockefeller Center offer extended-stay , furnished apartments , from studios to two-bedrooms . A family member who answered the door at Mr Hodgett 's £ 166,000 house that he shared with his parents Anthony , 65 , and Sally , 62 , in Shirley , West Midlands , said they were too upset to talk . ` It is all too raw at the moment , ' he said . A neighbour , who did not wish to be named , added : ` He was such a lovely man and was driven by his work . ` You would see him come home at all hours but he always had a smile on his face and made time for you . ' Mr Hodgetts was found on a third-floor balcony of the neighbouring Michelangelo Hotel on W 51stSt and was declared dead at the scene . It is understood the tax specialist for Ernst and Young -LRB- offices pictured -RRB- had been on a business trip when he fell from the balcony of the hotel . Mr Hodgetts shared this £ 166,000 home with his parents Anthony , 65 , and Sally , 62 , in Shirley , West Midlands . Mr Hodgetts ' LinkedIn page says that he had worked for Ernst and Young since September 2011 . Another neighbour , who did not want to be named , said : ` I 'm completely shocked . I have children the same age and my son grew up with him . ` I was just thinking the other day that I had n't seen him in a while . ` He was such a lovely young man . Very quiet and very polite . I do n't know if he had any children but as far as I know he was n't married . ' Mr Hodgetts ' LinkedIn profile reveals that he had worked for Ernst and Young since September 2011 . He also attended Durham University where he graduated with a Bachelor of Science in Physics . Before that he went to King Edward VI Camp Hill Grammar School for Boys in Kings Heath , Birmingham , between 2001 and 2008 . For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 08457 90 90 90 , visit a local Samaritans branch or click here for details .