A 19-year-old has been arrested after taunting police on Facebook while on the run . Jake Castner , from Ballarat in Victoria , went into hiding last week after a warrant was issued for his arrest in relation to an alleged string of thefts . On his fourth day on the run he boasted on the social media site : ` We do n't talk to police ! ' But on Monday morning Victoria Police say they arrested and interviewed Castner ` in relation to burglary and theft related offences allegedly committed in the Bacchus Marsh and Ballarat areas ' . He was arrested in the Mount Helen area just after 11.30 am . The troubled teenager 's Facebook page is littered with drug references including offers of ` bud for cash ' and an image of him appearing to smoke a glass pipe . Joking about the ` nightmare ' title a magistrate gave him last year when he pleaded guilty to 33 offences , he wrote on Sunday : ` Me I 'm ur worst `` NIGHTMARE '' . ' Jake Castner , from Ballarat in Victoria , went into hiding last week after a warrant was issued for his arrest . The 19-year-old joked about the ` nightmare ' title a magistrate gave him last November . On Sunday , on his fourth day on the run Jake Castner said ` we do n't talk to police ' On April 6 , Castner boasted ` police ca n't catch me when I 'm prowling ' A Victoria police spokesperson told Daily Mail Australia before he was arrested : ` A warrant has been issued for his arrest in relation to a number of burglary and theft related offences in the Bacchus Marsh and Ballarat area . ' On 7 April he claimed he had a locked iPhone 4s for sale and boasted ` f**k the police ca n't catch when I 'm prowling haha raided and hit all the legsyz out the window with timmy in the shadows gone -LSB- sic -RSB- . ' On 6 April , he begged for a lift for a lift to hospital and asked for his mother 's phone number . On 7 April Castner claimed he had ` iPhone 4s locked ' for sale on his Facebook page . In numerous social media posts Castner asked for lifts in return for ` bud ' In another recent post he asked for ` bud 4 cash ' via Facebook . On 6 April , he begged for a lift for a lift to hospital and asked for his mother 's phone number . Castner pleaded guilty to 33 offences in November last year . ` Just got raided who can give me a lift might have to go hospital what 's my mums number ? Any1 -LSB- sic -RSB- , ' he wrote . When a friend asked if he is OK , he replied : ` No tripping ' . The Courier reports Jake Castner pleaded guilty to drug possession and evading police amongst other charges in November . Local magistrate Cynthia Toose said in court : ` He 's a nightmare . He goes in and ransacks little children 's bedrooms because he 's got a drug addiction . ' He ` ransacked ' a child 's bedroom in the past , magistrate Cynthia Toose said . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .