Renowned fashion designer Collette Dinnigan has placed her luxurious Paddington home on the market after splashing out on a stylish waterfront home in one of Sydney 's most exclusive suburbs . The four-bedroom 19th century sandstone property cost Dinnigan $ 4.45 million back in 2009 , and is set to go under the hammer on May 23 . After purchasing a lavish $ 6.5 million Watsons Bay property just last month with husband Bradley Cocks , Dinnigan is hoping for a cool $ 6 million when the lavishly renovated Paddington house sells . Scroll down for video . Fashion queen Collette Dinnigan has put her four-bedroom 19th century sandstone property on the market . The two-storey terrace home was built in 1880 , and is set on 379 square metres of prime Paddington real estate . ` It 's one of the oldest houses in Paddington , and the renovations are just stunning , ' said selling agent Ben Collier for MsGrath Estate Agents , who is selling the property along with Will Manning at Ballard property . The international designer and her husband carefully renovated the property to be ` very sympathetic and in keeping with the period style , while still keeping it contemporary ' , said Mr Collier . Mr Collier said that the owners loved the combination of the house 's proximity to restaurants and cafes , along with the unusually large terrace which makes the property an actual house . ` Most terraces in the area are around six metres , but the property 's terrace is about twice that , ' he said . Set back from the street in the exclusive suburb , the couple share their meticulously crafted home with children 10-year-old Estella and three-year-old Hunter . The two-storey terrace home was built in 1880 , and is set on 379 square metres . The international designer and her husband carefully renovated the property to be ` very sympathetic and in keeping with the period style , while still keeping it contemporary ' , said selling agent Mr Collier . Set back from the street in the exclusive suburb , the couple share their meticulously crafted home with children 10-year-old Estella and three-year-old Hunter . Dinnigan has been a successful designer since opening her first store in 1992 and sells her brand in New York , London and Hong Kong . The inspired reinvention of contemporary and period style offers a selection of casual and formal living areas , which extend onto a central courtyard area with stone finish and a leafy courtyard area . The French provincial style kitchen boasts a marble island bar , which flows effortlessly onto the outdoor entertaining area . The recently configured lower level master suite features a stand alone marble bathtub . ` The fact that the master bedroom is on the ground floor is unusual , and means that the owners can live completely on one level , as the guest bedroom and bathroom is upstairs , ' said Mr Collier . ` It 's a wonderful property for those who want the Paddington lifestyle but do n't want to incorporate multiple levels , ' he said . The bedrooms are a generous size , and have built ins , surrounded by a neutral colour scheme . The exposed sandstone walls and recycled wooden floorboards add to the feeling of rustic luxury . The inspired reinvention of contemporary and period style offers a selection of casual and formal living areas . The French provincial style kitchen boasts a marble island bar . The open plan kitchen flows effortlessly onto the outdoor entertaining area . The prestige dual-level residence also boasts a deep front courtyard . The fashionista and her husband bought the property of James Packer 's right hand man in Watson 's Bay in March . Matthew Csidei - who works for James Packer - and wife Lauren Roscoe lived at the former Masonic Lodge before they moved to London with their two kids , according to the Property Observer . This comes as Dinnigan sold her multi-million dollar Palm Beach home last year and earlier closed all of her boutiques so she could spend more time with her two young children . The bedrooms are a generous size , and have built ins , surrounded by a neutral colour scheme . The recently configured lower level master suite features a stand alone marble bathtub . The four-bedroom property in Watsons Bay has luxurious features including 18th century French oak parquetry floors , a 20-metre lap pool and views Sydney Harbour . Real estate agents marketed the home as expertly rebuilt from a shell in 2008 ` into a classical Beaux-Arts inspired contemporary home ' . The Property Observer reported the house was listed for about $ 8 million . It was sold by Ballard Property and Sydney Sotheby 's Realty on March 18 . In September last year Dinnigan and her husband sold their Palm Beach home for $ 3.2 million . The couple purchased the home in 2010 for $ 3million and went on to refurbish it during their four year stay . The three-bedroom property was bought by The Castle actress Sophie Lee and her husband , CEO of advertising agency Host , Anthony Freedman . Dinnigan also reportedly has a home in Paddington and a holiday house on the south coast .