The mother of a baby born with deformed hands and feet in China is pleading for her husband to come home -- four months after he told her he was going out to earn money for the girl 's surgery . Worried Jiang Min says she has now run out of cash and ca n't even afford food , let alone medical treatment , for baby Mengyu and their older daughter . She told People 's Daily Online : ` Doctors said it 's best for Mengyu to have her operation between the age of four to six months . ` But she is now six-and-a-half months and we simply do not have the money for her to have the operation - and her hands have started to fester . ' Desperate plight : Jiang Min . pictured with her daughter Mengyu , has n't seen her husband for months . The family 's plight has attracted the attention of local media in Binzhou City , who have cruelly compared Mengyu 's webbed hands and feet to ` pigs ' trotters ' . Her father , who has not been named , left the family home in Lao Jun Tang Village in Shandong Province at the start of the year - telling them he was heading to Binzhou City to find work . He has not been heard from since . Little Mengyu 's hands are severely deformed and doctors have recommended corrective surgery . Her feet are webbed , and local reporters have cruelly dubbed the deformed extremities as ` trotters ' His wife phoned a restaurant where he previously worked but was told he had left his job a while ago . She says she ca n't understand why her husband has disappeared , as they had been happily married for more than a decade . The couple 's oldest daughter is aged ten . A local charity has offered to pay for Mengyu 's basic medical care after hearing about her from local news sources - and she is being tended to at a hospital near her home . In need of surgery : Baby Mengyu is receiving basic medical treatment that is being paid for by a charity . Doing her best : Mum Jiang Min looks after Mengyu at home but is struggling to pay for even food . Distraught : Jiang Min breaks down while telling Chinese reporters about her dire situation . She says she ca n't understand why she has n't heard from her husband - pictured with her on their wedding day a decade ago . Jiang said Mengyu 's father took her to a local hospital soon after she was born but its doctors told him they did not have the facilities to help . They advised him to take Mengyu to the larger Wei Fang Mou Hospital . Her parents phoned specialists there , who said Mengyu would require surgery . Her father left home shortly afterwards and the family are now in poverty . ` Even buying milk powder is a problem for us , ' said Jiang . ` We are so poor that my oldest daughter asked me for 5 yuan -LRB- 50p -RRB- to buy books for her class the other day and I could n't even afford that . ' She said she continued to hope that her husband would return home .