Sometimes life imitates art , but apparently not when it comes to the Central Intelligence Agency . Current and former female agents spoke out to the New York Times on Sunday to renounce depictions of CIA women on TV shows and in movies . The group of women say they are nothing like the honey-pots on these shows who use their sexuality to ensnare terrorists and drown PTSD with booze and pills . Retired CIA officer Sandra Grimes , 69 , who helped expose her colleague Aldrich Ames as a Russian double agent , says she sees nothing of herself in the characters at the center of shows like State of Affairs and Homeland . ` I wish they would n't use centerfold models in tight clothes . We do n't look that way . And we do n't act that way , ' Grimes told the Times . Scroll down for video . That 's not me : Retired CIA officer Sandra Grimes -LRB- pictured above in January 2013 -RRB- is one of many former and current women at the agency speaking out about depictions of female spies on TV and in movies . Veteran CIA analyst Gina Bennett , one of the ` Band of Sisters ' who helped track down Osama bin Laden , has the most trouble with how her fallen co-worker Jennifer Matthews was portrayed in the film Zero Dark Thirty . In the scenes before her death in a terrorist attack on a U.S. military base in Afghanistan , actress Jennifer Ehle plays Matthews as a ` giddy ' agent , excitedly baking a Jordanian source a cake for their meeting on his birthday . As in real life , Matthews dies as the agent gets out of his car and detonates a suicide vest . ` The problem is that they portray most women in such a one-dimensional way ; whatever the character flaw is , that 's all they are , ' Bennett said . ` It can leave a very distinct understanding of women at the agency - how we function , how we relate to men , how we engage in national security - that is pretty off . ' One of the fictional CIA agents currently on screen is Charlie Tucker on NBC 's State of Affairs . Played by Katherine Heigl , Charlie is a character who in the first episode gets drunk at a bar , sleeps with a stranger and lashes out at her psychiatrist . Another example is Homeland 's Carrie Mathison -LRB- played by Claire Danes -RRB- - a bi-polar spy who gives up nearly all responsibility for her child -LRB- the product of a secret relationship with a double agent -RRB- and spends most of her time controlling sources with sex . A retired covert officer identified as Meredith says sex is n't a major part of the spy game . Offensive : Veteran CIA analyst Gina Bennett says she was upset with the ` giddy ' portrayal of her friend Jennifer Matthews -LRB- left -RRB- in the movie Zero Dark Thirty -LRB- played by Jennifer Ehle , right -RRB- . Matthews , in real life as in the movie , was killed by a suicide bomber at an Afghanistan military base in 2009 . ` Let 's not kid ourselves . For me , working in the Middle East , there 's a lot of attraction for Middle Eastern men for Western women . I do n't mean necessarily sexually ... but curiosity , if nothing else . And we certainly have played that . ' However , Meredith says she more often has to put men in their place while doing her work . ` You need to remove -LSB- sex -RSB- off the table very quickly and clearly . Sometimes it 's `` Get your hands off my knee or I 'm going to break it , '' or you put as many people into the room as you can , ' she said . While the trials and tribulations of female agents on screen are wildly exaggerated , the women interviewed said they do similarly struggle to maintain the balance between their work and private lives . It 's not about sex : The real women of the CIA say they are not all honey-pots who use their sexuality to control sources -LRB- like Carrie Mathison on Showtime 's Homeland , played by Claire Danes above -RRB- . Sending the wrong message : The women also take issue with NBC show State of Affairs , which features Katherine Heigl -LRB- above -RRB- as a troubled CIA analyst . ` I briefed Condoleezza Rice while in labor . I 'd tell her about the global jihad and then I would turn away and breathe . When these two worlds clash , they clash really hard , ' Bennett said . Bennett says that the concerns of her job are so important , that it 's hard to come home and sympathize with the minor dramas ruling her teenager 's life . ` I deal with people who are trying to kill lots of people in horrendous , painful ways . So I have a wall ; it 's really tall . Unfortunately , though , what happens with time is you ca n't click it on or off . You just block the sensation of feeling , ' Bennett said . ` I 'm no longer married because of my wall . So I have five kids whose parents are n't together because I constructed that wall over time and did n't know how to get through it , ' Bennett added . Many of the women though said they enjoyed working for the agency , which is becoming more and more female friendly with a day care center in Langley and flexible time off . Which is good because Bennett thinks women naturally make great agents . ` Women do n't think more intuitively than men , but we tend to trust our own gut less . We are not going to put all our money in one basket , ' she said .