An obsessive Arsenal fan made his girlfriend sit a test quizzing her about his favourite football club . Marking her answers with red pen , she scored an impressive 43.5 out of 50 , to which he commented , ` Well done Saskia ! As a result , I will not be dumping you ! -LRB- Lucky you -RRB- ' . Saskia posted snaps of the test to her Twitter account , @saskiaisabxlla , commenting ` Boyfriend made me take an @Arsenal exam ! ' with emoticons showing she did n't know whether to laugh or cry . We do n't blame her . Saskia 's football fan boyfriend made her take an Arsenal test and did n't dump her thanks to her A grade . The test took the form of a school exam , with multiple choice questions , tables to complete , and ` in your own words ... ' section . There were even ` helpful ' instructions including ` Read every question at least twice ' and ` Check your answers if you have time at the end ' . Oh , and ` calculators may be used ' . Saskia scored an impressive 87 per cent , but according to her unnamed boyfriend 's feedback she ` could have performed better on Q17 ' , needs to ` Learn ALL player positions ' and should understand that ` Tottenham are scum ' . What does the ` FC ' in Arsenal FC stand for ? What is the nickname for Arsenal fans ? Who is the current manager of Arsenal ? Is the kit below -LRB- see picture -RRB- Arsenal # s current Home kit or Away kit ? Name the starting 11 squad of this season in their relevant positions . In your own words , explain why Alexis Sanchez is better than Eden Hazard . Who are our top 2 goalscorers of the season so far ? What was the scoreline for the 2014 FA Cup Final vs Hull City ? What player scored the winning goal in the 204 FA Cup Final ? a -RRB- Olivier Giroud . b -RRB- Santi Cazorla . c -RRB- Aaron Ramsey . d -RRB- Per Mertesacker . Why are Arsenal the best team to ever grace English football ? Questions put to her in the test included : . ` What was the scoreline for the 2014 FA Cup Final vs Hull City ? ' , . ` What player scored the winning goal in the 2014 FA Cup Final ? ' ` Name the starting 11 squad of this season in their relevant positions . ' She struggled to come up with the 11th player of the starting squad -LRB- Koscielny , defence , apparently -RRB- and thought Ozil was defence and Wellbeck a midfielder , when in fact they are midfield and striker respectively . Tut tut . She scored some decent points for her more creative answers . Asked to explain why Alexis Sanchez is better than Eden Hazard in her own words , she wrote , ` Sanchez is buff , scores lots of goals , Hazard is a p *** k , Sanchez is Chilean ' . She got double marks for the Hazard comment , but only got half a point for the last one . Saskia clearly knows how to keep her boyfriend happy , as she humoured his question of ` Why are Arsenal the best team to ever grace English football ? ' with the answer of ` They 've won many FA Cups ' and ` Thierry Henry is a legend ' . However , when she got an answer wrong , her examiner wrote the correct answer in capitals and drew an angry face . This man clearly means business . Doh ! Saskia struggled to name all 11 players of the starting squad and got confused on the player positions . Saskia 's boyfriend drew an angry face when she got a question wrong - this man means business . Saskia kept her boyfriend happy with creative answers to his questions , and got double marks for some ... He was impressed with the end result , though , grading her an ` A ' and rewarding her by not ending their relationship . And they say romance is dead . Comments generally hailed the man as a ` legend ' and fellow football fans were impressed with Saskia 's knowledge . Some Twitter users hailed the unnamed boyfriend who tested Saskia on her Arsenal knowledge as a legend . Scoring 87 % , football fans were impressed with Saskia , claiming her as ` proper GF material ' May men felt inspired , with @lewisxweeked warning his girlfriend to ` get revising ' Indeed , @gstarrs85 congratulated Saskia and stating that she was ` proper GF material ' . Plenty of men felt inspired by the post , with @lewisxweekes telling his girlfriend @LayciJade to ` get revising ' and @DigsXIII crying ` WHERE CAN I GET THIS TEST FROM ? ' Others , though , felt that the boyfriend had taken things a tad too far . @GunSaurEd11 stated ` football fans are nuts ' , and @DCSLFC commented ` Imagine actually broadcasting that your boyfriend is the biggest biff-head ever to the world . ' We reckon it was a bit of fun and he would n't really have dumped her if she 'd failed ... at least we like to think that 's the case . Trimothy wants to put his girlfriend to the test , although apparently ca n't be bothered to create his own exam . Eduardo claims ` football fans are nuts ' despite appearing to be one as he holds what looks suspiciously like the FA Cup in his hands ... Some thought Saskia 's boyfriend took things too far with @DCSLFC creatively naming him a ` biff-head '