Radio host Mel Greig , who once hit the headlines for her involvement in an infamous royal prank call , has started a personal crusade to help remove the stigma attached with IVF treatment . On Wednesday , Mel posted a blog post on her website titled ` Are we embarrassed of IVF ? ' where she detailed how she was undergoing the treatment , and that it was nothing for women to be ashamed of . In her post , Mel wrote : ` In the past few months I joined a new club ... It 's the IVF Baby Club . ' She also uploaded photographs of injecting herself for the first time as she began her IVF program . Mel Greig spoke on her blog about how she was now starting IVF treatment . She posted photographs that showed her injecting herself for the first time as she began her IVF program . The radio host married her fiancé Steven Pollack at Byron Bay in November . The 33-year-old married her fiancé Steven Pollack at Byron Bay in a small and intimate ceremony on November 20 . But the couple 's efforts to have a baby have been thwarted because she suffers from Endometriosis . Endometriosis causes inflammation and can lead to female reproductive body parts and other organs fusing together , making it almost impossible for eggs to fertilise naturally , rendering many women infertile . Mel was one of these women , and had been told she would not be able to fall pregnant naturally . It was then that she made the decision to have IVF treatment . Since then however , she has discovered that some women keep their IVF treatment a secret and are embarrassed about it . For this reason she took to her blog to highlight the issue . Mel showed her support for women who were also going through IVF treatment . The couple 's efforts to have a baby had been unsuccessful because she suffers from Endometriosis . ` When you are first told that news , you do feel like you 've failed the process of being able to bring a child into the world as a `` normal '' mother , ' she explained on her blog . ` But my thoughts soon shifted to `` but I still have a chance to bring a child into this world and that 's amazing '' we should NOT feel embarrassed to have IVF babies . ' Before Mel started her own treatment she said she understood why the majority of mothers wanted to keep quiet during the process of IVF as it was long , draining , intrusive , emotional , and for some parents , financially hard . ` But when you are through the battle and are holding your precious baby , you should be happy and proud ... do n't feel embarrassed to say `` they were born through IVF '' you need to realise that science helped you with the end result , ' she said on her blog . The 33-year-old went public about it as she wanted to help remove the stigma that women can feel about having IVF treatment . She hit the headlines in December 2012 for her involvement in an infamous royal prank call . With fellow DJ , Michael Christian -LRB- right -RRB- , they posed as the Queen and Prince Charles in a phone prank that ended in tragedy . ` But it was YOU who decided to bring that child into this world , it was YOU -LRB- and partner/donor -RRB- who provided the magical ingredients to make your baby . ` And it is YOU who is going to smother this child with unconditional love and support for the rest of their life and THAT is what truly makes you a `` normal '' mother . ' Mel has had to overcome challenges in her life before . In December 2012 she was hosting on 2 Day FM with fellow DJ Michael Christian when they posed as the Queen and Prince Charles , and rang the London hospital where the real life Duchess of Cambridge was suffering severe morning sickness with her first child . Nurse Jacintha Saldanha who answered the phone and put the call through to the ward took her own life two days later and cited the distress at being fooled as one of the reasons . The pair 's call was answered by nurse Jacintha Saldanha who later committed suicide . She cited the stress caused by the prank as one of the reasons why she took her own life . However , after coming to terms with the tragedy and fallout from it , Mel is ready to take on the next challenge that life has thrown at her - the daunting prospect of IVF treatment . ` As I sit here loading up my first syringe I 'm thinking , `` I hope I do this right . If my doctor does n't answer which friend can I call to ask for advice ? '' Women help each other , it 's what we do , ' she blogged . ` But how can we do that if we do n't know who to ask for help ? Support networks are so important . I will share as much of this journey as I can , through the pain , heartache , joy ... and I hope I do n't feel the need to keep it private too . Mel has had great support from her husband Steven -LRB- right -RRB- as she starts her IVF program . ` If you are a part of this elite club and you know someone going through IVF , maybe take that first step and privately reach out letting them know you too have membership and you are there for them if they need someone . ` I know that I 'll be doing the same . '