Petrol heads suffering Top Gear withdrawals will be pleased to know the car show-sized hole in their lives will soon be filled by the return of For the Love of Cars for a second series . The Channel 4 programme , hosted by actor Philip Glenister and car designer Ant Anstead , celebrates the duo 's love affair with classic cars . And each episode looks at the history of various types of vehicles , as the pair give old-bangers a new lease of life by restoring them to their former glory . Actor Philip Glenister and car designer Ant Anstead return to present a new series of For The Love of Cars . A teaser from the first episode shows Glenister -- perhaps most recognisable behind the wheel of a red Audi Quattro while playing Gene Hunt in Ashes to Ashes -- test driving an Aston Martin Vantage . Revving the engine before taking off at speed around a winding country road , Glenister appears to wipe the colour from Anstead 's face before stating : ` This is Bond . ' The second series also sees the pair broaden their horizon by working on a number of foreign-manufactured cars as opposed to just primarily British ones . Additionally , they work on more than one vehicle per episode and complete stalled restoration projects , instead of just finding dilapidated cars to fix . The finished products are then auctioned off at the end of every programme , and Anstead admits that the quality of the restorations make it hard for the owners to let go . He said : ` You have to remember , these cars have a special place in the hearts of these people , for various different reasons . Glenister and Anstead speed around a bend as they test drive a classic Aston Martin Vantage . ` For somebody to let go of something that important to them is hard enough , but when they see the results at the end of the restoration , it 's really tough . ` These are jobs that they 've not been able to finish themselves . ' The cars featured in the series include a quintessentially British Aston Martin DBS , which was brought back to life after been recovered from a barn in Oxfordshire . For The Love of Cars series two is branching out beyond just British vehicle makeovers . And a Rover SD1 police car -- the classic panda car of the early 1980s -- which features in a race conducted by the show 's presenters , to find out what side of the law had a speed advantage . The pair also restore two of the most iconic cars to ever come out of Europe -- a run-down Fiat 500 and a VW Beetle . The first episode of For the Love of Cars will broadcast on Channel 4 on Sunday , April 19 at 8 pm .