The Rubik 's Cube is notorious for having boggled many a bright mind since its official inception in 1980 . But for Youtube user Joe Penna , who is based in Los Angeles , and animator Jeff Schweikart it is merely a toy in which to create amazing pieces of artwork . Penna , who is best known online as MysteryGuitarMan , solved a whopping 1,296 mini Rubik 's Cubes 961 times to create a short animated video . Youtube user Joe Penna -LRB- pictured -RRB- and animator Jeff Schweikart took between three-to-four days to complete the project . With the help of Schweikart , the pair produce arguably the greatest love story ever told between a pair of robots with a lot of Rubik 's Cubes . The short narrative features a robot entering a workshop , building a spaceship and heading off into the atmosphere . After encountering some trouble , he crash lands on a planet and is first greeted by a dog before he meets the love of his life . The robot love story was created by Joe Penna solving a whopping 1,296 Rubik 's Cubes a total of 961 times . The animated video features a robot building a spaceship , heading off into the atmosphere and finding love . The pair then abandon the destroyed spaceship and zoom off into atmosphere with the help of the female robot , who acts as a robotic-style jet pack . Throughout the clip , which lasts one minute and 25 seconds , a squeaky backing track plays that would not sound out of place in a game of Pac-Man . According to Penna , who commented on his video 's original upload , the elaborate project took a total of four people between three and four weeks to complete . A squeaky backing track that would n't sound out of place in a game of Pac-Man is featured throughout the one minute and 25 second clip . Joe Penna , who is better known on his YouTube channel as MysteryGuitarMan , was assisted by three other people during the project . And the 27-year-old also had some advice for someone who asked him for some tips . He wrote : ` Practice . A LOT . Make the kind of stuff you want to watch . It really is one of those things where the more you do it the better you get at it . ' The Rubik 's Cube is widely considered to be the world 's best-selling toy and reached its height of mainstream popularity in the 1980s . Since then many speedcubers have emerged and compete against each other in competitions organised by the World Cube Association . Joe Penna wrote on his YouTube page that a lot of practice was the reason for him being so good at utilising Rubik 's Cubes .