Transgender model Andreja Pejic has revealed that she was told by people within the fashion industry that she would no longer seem ` special ' or ` interesting ' once she completed her transition into a woman . The 23-year-old Serbian-born fashion star , who appears in a solo editorial in the May issue of Vogue , told the publication that she was advised not to undergo her gender reassignment surgery because it would transform her from an interesting enigma into just another pretty girl . Andreja noted that there were people who warned her not to transition , explaining : ` There was definitely a lot of , `` Oh , you 're going to lose what 's special about you . You 're not going to be interesting anymore . There are loads of pretty girls out there . '' ' Scroll down for video . Fashion pioneer : Transgender model Andreja Pejic posed for photographer Patrick Demarchelier for a spread in Vogue . The 23-year-old revealed to the magazine that she is the new face of Make Up For Ever . Major debut : The model , who underwent gender-confirmation surgery last year , took to the runway for the first time as a woman during designer Giles Deacon 's Autumn/Winter 2015 show in February -LRB- pictured -RRB- . One agent even told her that ` it 's better to be androgynous than a tranny ' , but Andreja refused to fall prey to those opinions . ` It is about showing that this is not just a gimmick , ' she said of being transgender . Andreja also revealed during the interview that she has been signed as the newest face for beauty brand Make Up For Ever , and is thought to be the first ever transgender model to land a major cosmetics campaign . And her success is , she hopes , a sign that there is a cultural shift occurring within the industry when it comes to gender identity . ` There are just more categories now , ' she told Vogue . ` It 's good . We 're finally figuring out that gender and sexuality are more complicated . ' Andreja was born in what is now known as Bosnia-Herzegovina and later to emigrated to Melbourne , Australia . She grew up as a boy named Andrej , although she admitted that she was unsure where she fit in during her adolescence . She even considered being gay , but explains that even that ` did n't fit ' , saying : ` Society does n't tell you that you can be trans . ' Andreja recalled wanting to ` stop puberty in its early tracks ' because she was worried about her jawline becoming too strong and her feet and hands growing too large . Fashion friends : Andreja posted this picture of herself posing alongside Kendall Jenner while the pair were backstage at the Giles show . Two worlds : Before her sex reassignment procedure , Andreja made a name for herself as both a male and female model , having modeled menswear -LRB- L -RRB- and womenswear -LRB- R -RRB- for Jean Paul Gaultier . But at 6 ' 1 , Andreja , who also wears a size 11 shoe , fits in perfectly with her fellow models . On her first modeling gig she looked around the room and told herself she did n't need to worry because ` every girl in fashion is exactly the same ' . Before undergoing her sex reassignment surgery , Andreja made a name for herself within the fashion industry as both a male and a female model , with her androgynous look allowing her to showcase both male and female designs . She modeled Jean Paul Gaultier 's Haute Couture Fall/Winter 2012 collection in Paris in July 2012 , before going on to showcase the same designer 's menswear range as part of Paris Fashion Week in January 2013 . She took the runway for the first time as a woman during designer Giles Deacon 's Autumn/Winter 2015 show show at London Fashion Week in February . And her new cosmetics campaign is just the latest means of her continuing to break boundaries -- something which is already being echoed throughout the fashion industry by many other models . Last month , it was announced that transgender teen Jazz Jennings , 14 , would be the new face of skincare brand Clean & Clear 's new ` See The Real Me ' campaign . And in November Brazilian transgender model and Givenchy muse Lea T landed a highly-coveted campaign with the American hair-care brand Redken . Star power : Carey Mulligan covers the May issue of Vogue , which features Andreja 's editorial . Michael Kors Pre-Fall 2015 . Shop the current collection at Net-A-Porter . Visit site . Carey Mulligan can smoulder like no other ! It does n't hurt when you have the entire Vogue magazine styling team behind you either ... Nor does it hurt to be wearing one of the greatest American designers of all time , Michael Kors . We do n't think we 've ever seen the actress look more beautiful than she does here on the cover of Vogue -LRB- this time around -RRB- and it 's a look we 'd like to imitate immediately . This crimson embroidered mikado strapless gown is from the designer 's pre-fall 2015 collection so it wont hit the shops until August , which means you might need a little help from our style edit until then ... If you want to break the bank and go broke for couture -LRB- like you would when the Michael Kors number comes out in the fall -RRB- why not get your hands on the gorgeous Oscar de la Renta gown now ? Or , make your selection from one of our affordable flirty picks by J. Crew , Faviana , and Nasty Gal . There 's never been a better head turner than the color red . J. Crew Cathleen Dress in Lovers Lace . Visit site . Faviana Short Strapless Sweetheart Dress at Zappos . Visit site . Nasty Gal Ca n't Get Enough Strapless Dress -LRB- Now $ 38.22 -RRB- . Visit site . Oscar de la Renta Strapless Sweetheart Gown at Bergdorf Goodman . Visit site .