Maate , it 's the biggest bogan in Straya ! This is the image of the Big Bogan statue that the Bogan Shire Council is aiming to erect in the town of Nyngan to honour the Aussie icon - and hopefully draw in the crowds . The man behind it all is Graeme Burke who is the manager of engineering services for the council and this is his design for the statue . This is how Graeme Burke envisages the ` Big Bogan ' statue will look like . Pass us a smoke mate : The term ` bogan ' has a number of negative connotations for Australians but has become a character part of popular folklore , being depicted here by actor Eric Bana . Mr Burke said the 3.6-metre statue would show a ` bloke ' wearing shorts , thongs and a singlet with a fishing rod and a tuckerbox . Locals and visitors would also be able to sit on it and take photographs . ` Graham McCleod of the Anglican Church suggestion to me some time ago that Nyngan would benefit froma `` Big Bogan '' sculpture as a tourist attraction so I have been considering various designs for its construction , ' Mr Burke told Daily Mail Australia . ` Although I do not like the way a ` bogan ' is depicted and I do not want Nyngan to be thought of as being a town full of `` bogans '' , it is a term that is widely used and well known in Australia and New Zealand . ` Where better in Australia could we have `` The Big Bogan '' than on the banks of the Bogan River , in Bogan Shire ? ' Bogan Shire Council , in western New South Wales , wants to erect a ` big bogan ' statue . The ` big bogan ' statue could prove as popular as the Big Banana which is a tourist attraction in Coffs Harbour . Mr Burke 's proposal is for a 3.6 m tall steel figure cut out of 5 mm steel plate . The figure is wearing a singlet , has a handlebar moustache and is holding a fishing rod . The esky in the original drawing would be constructed as a three dimensional steel box fixed to the sculpture to allow tourists to sit on to have their photo taken . ` I would like the sculpture to be related to Nyngan on the Bogan River , I have used the fishing theme and I would like to see it located on the eastern side of the Peter Sinclair Bridge opposite the Tritton Mine Village , ' Mr Bourke said . ` In this location it would be on the highway , at the river , and visible from both directions . ' The traditional bogan image has include a ` mullett ' style haircut , singlet and thongs , and beer . Could the ` big bogan ' rival this ? Nicknamed ` Rambo ' , The Big Merino is a 15.2 metres tall concrete merino ram , located in Goulburn , New South Wales . The Big Prawn in Ballina has become famous in the region . He estimated the construction and installation of the ` Big Bogan ' would be a total cost of $ 8,000 . The ` big bogan ' statue could prove as popular as the Big Banana which is a tourist attraction in Coffs Harbour , the The Big Merino in Goulburn , the Big Prawn in Ballina and Sunshine Coast 's Big Pineapple . However , Bogan Shire Council said the venture would not go ahead until the community gave it the thumbs up . ABC News reports that local residents have expressed mixed feelings about it already . In the Sunshine Coast , the Big Pineapple is a major feature . One said it was a great idea - but it could be improved . ` One thing that 's missing is the stubby , ' he said . Another resident was less enthusiastic . ` I do not identify as a bogan - if you look up bogan , it 's very negative , ' she said .