Theo Walcott understands just how difficult it is now to hold down a place in the Arsenal side , who he says have been the ` best team in Europe ' this year and could lift the title next season if everyone stays fit . The Gunners ' slim hopes of overhauling Chelsea 's 10-point lead at the top of the Barclays Premier League were all but extinguished following a goalless draw at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday . Walcott watched on from the bench again before a late substitute appearance , with the forward 's last club start having been back in March . Theo Walcott believes Arsenal have been the ` best team in Europe ' in the second half of the season . Arsenal had earned eight successive Premier League victories before the 0-0 draw against Chelsea . The 26-year-old - who recovered from a serious knee injury last season , but has yet to agree a new long-term deal - feels such strength in depth can only be positive for the squad , if sometimes frustrating for individuals . Fellow England internationals Danny Welbeck , Jack Wilshere and Kieran Gibbs also did not make the first XI against Chelsea . ` There is a lot of competition for places so everyone seems to lift a gear and play extremely well . It makes it a bit more difficult for people to get into the team , ' Walcott said , quoted on the club 's official website , www.arsenal.com . ` I think , especially this season , not many people thought we would be challenging for the Premier League . ` In this calendar year , we have been the best team in Europe . ` It is the strongest the squad has been and everyone is staying fit as well . The English midfielder -LRB- left -RRB- has struggled to maintain a first team place under Arsene Wenger this season . ` There are n't many injuries in the squad , which is important . If we had an injury-free season , I think we could lift the title . ' Arsenal head to Hull on Bank Holiday Monday looking to keep pressure on Manchester City in the race for second place , and with it automatic qualification for next season 's Champions League . Captain Mikel Arteta is set to step up his training this week after an ankle problem hampered recovery from a calf injury , while midfielder Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is another continuing rehabilitation from an inflamed groin which has seen him out since the FA Cup win at Manchester United last month .