Murder plot : Dr. Anthony J. Moschetto is accused of hiring someone to kill his rival . A Long Island cardiologist had the office of another doctor torched , then hired someone who turned out to be an undercover police officer in a failed attempt to have the doctor hurt or killed , authorities said on Wednesday . Dr. Anthony J. Moschetto allegedly used drugs , guns and blank prescriptions as currency while trying to have the other doctor harmed amid a professional dispute , investigators said . Moschetto first allegedly hired two men to set fire to the man 's office ; it happened beneath a sprinkler and damage was minimal , prosecutors said . ` He was willing to pay $ 5,000 to have him beaten and put in the hospital for a couple of months and pay $ 20,000 to have him killed , ' Nassau County Assistant District Attorney Anne Donnelly said of Moschetto 's intentions . ` He wanted to put him out of business so he could get his business . ' Moschetto worked with the rival cardiologist at a Great Neck practice on Northern Boulevard before setting up his own practice also in Great Neck , said Assistant District Attorney Ann Donnelly . Acting District Attorney Madeline Singas said ` luckily for this victim , ' Moschetto was stopped . Investigators who went to Moschetto 's home in Sands Point on Long Island 's Gold Coast - one of the nation 's wealthiest areas - found a weapons cache in a secret room that was accessed through a motorized bookshelf , they said . The weapons , which included dozens of knives , guns and a hand grenade , were displayed at a news conference Wednesday . The investigation into Moschetto started with his purchase of Oxycodone pills , heroin and two fully loaded assault weapons . Prosecutors said Moschetto had paid the undercover police officer $ 500 to perform a hit before getting arrested . He was caught on undercover video discussing the alleged plot . Attempt to kill : Cardiologist Anthony Moschetto , 54 , pictured on Wednesday after he was arrested on charges he had another doctor 's office torched , then hired undercover officers to have the doctor hurt or killed . Press Conference : Acting Nassau County District Attorney Madeline Singas announces the arrests of Anthony Moschetto , James Kalamaras and James Chmera during a news conference in Mineola on Wednesday . Moschetto faces a maximum sentence of 8 1/3 to 25 years in prison , prosecutors said . Newsday reports that Moschetto 's charges include conspiracy , criminal sale of a controlled substance , arson , burglary , weapons possession , criminal sale of a firearm , and criminal solicitation . Two other defendants are charged in the case , accused of their involvement in the office fire , which occurred before the undercover investigation began . They , along with Moschetto , had been arrested Tuesday . Co-defendants James Chmela , 43 , of Selden , and James Kalamaras , 41 , also were scheduled for arraignment on Wednesday . ` Dr. Moschetto is a hidden monster living in the North Shore area who has no respect for law and life , ' said Nassau County Police Department Acting Commissioner Thomas Krumpter . ` He had enough weapons to provide a small army means to wreak harm . ' Alleged arsonists : Co-defendants James Chmela -LRB- left -RRB- , 43 , of Selden , and James Kalamaras -LRB- right -RRB- , 41 , also were scheduled for arraignment on Wednesday . Co-conspirators : James Chmela -LRB- left -RRB- and James Kalamaras -LRB- right -RRB- were arrested for arson in a related scheme to allegedly destroy the rival doctor 's office building , authorities said . Evidence : These knives were allegedly found by authorities in a secret room behind a bookshelf in the doctor 's home in Long Island . The Drug Enforcement Administration also was involved in the investigation , which began in December . In asking for $ 500,000 bond , his Manhattan attorney , Randy Zelin , said Moschetto 's attorney asked for a $ 500,000 bond and said that Moschetto was a ` well respected cardiologist . ' ` My client has a wealth of roots in the community and has absolutely no reason to leave his family , to leave his children , and to leave what he has built in this community , ' Zelin said . Weapons : Dr. Anthony Moschetto , 54 , of Sands Point accused of trying to have an unidentified former business partner killed , had these guns confiscated from his home by the authorities . Illegal currency : Dr. Anthony J. Moschetto allegedly used drugs , guns and blank prescriptions -LRB- pictured -RRB- as currency while trying to have the other doctor harmed amid a professional dispute , investigators said .