Ryanair passengers travelling to Edinburgh and Zadar , Croatia were delayed for hours after two of the budget airline 's planes clipped wings at Dublin Airport this morning . Photos snapped by travellers show the tip of a winglet dangling by a thread after clipping the other plane - and it 's the second time in six months two Ryanair planes have collided at Ireland 's busiest airport . Passengers escaped injury when the planes collided as they taxied to a runway shortly before 8 am , but the incident caused disruption for hundreds of travellers . Passengers snapped photos of the damaged winglet after two Ryanair planes collided at Dublin Airport . Passengers escaped injury after two Ryanair planes clipped wings while taxiing to a runway at Dublin Airport . Passenger Shannen Murphy , who was seated on the Edinburgh-bound plane which lost part of its winglet , told MailOnline Travel : ` We were just about to approach the runway and there was another Ryanair plane quite close , but I thought maybe it had broken down or something . ` And then next of all there was a jerk in the plane , which felt like we had gone over a really big pothole . ' Moments later the pilot announced over the tannoy that there had been ` an incident ' with another plane and passengers would have to return to the terminal . Shannen said passengers were stuck on the plane for up to 90 minutes , as they waited for buses to arrive , and they arrived in Edinburgh about three hours behind schedule . ` As soon as we were off -LSB- the bus -RSB- we were taken straight to a new plane and within 30 minutes we were up in the air . ' One of the Ryanair planes ' winglets was left dangling after the collision on a taxiway at Dublin Airport . Emergency services attended the scene of the collision as a precaution . Passengers on board both planes were taken back to the terminal by bus and put on replacement aircraft to continue their journeys to Scotland and Croatia . The Boeing 737s involved in the collision were taken out of service to undergo inspections and any necessary repairs . The collision caused delays for other flights , with one passenger tweeting : ' 2 jets hit at Dublin , my flight to Malaga delayed ' . Dublin Airport said in a tweet : ` No injuries on the two aircraft which clipped each other on a taxiway this am . Passengers in process of being taken off the aircraft . ' A passenger snapped this photo of the Boeing 737s after they collided while taxiing to a runway . Emergency services attended the scene of the collision as a precaution , but were not needed . Dublin Airport sent a series of tweet urging passengers to check their flight status . Referring to a similar incident that occurred in October , one passenger wrote on Twitter : ` Ryanair have done it again , two aircraft have collided while taxiing to the runway #ryanair #facepalm ' . A Ryanair spokesperson said the collision occurred as two planes ` were taxiing slowly ' to the runway . The spokesperson told MailOnline Travel : ` The winglet of one aircraft appears to have scraped the tail fin of the other . A Ryanair spokesperson said the collision occurred as two planes ` were taxiing slowly ' to the runway . The Boeing 737 that was preparing to take off for Edinburgh remained on the taxiway for more than an hour . Passengers disembarked and returned to the terminal by bus after the planes collided . ` Both aircraft were under the instruction of Dublin Airport Air Traffic Control at the time . ` Customers have been bussed back to the terminal and will board replacement aircraft to continue their journeys to Edinburgh and Zadar . In October a Ryanair jet had its winglet torn off when it collided with another plane belonging to the budget carrier at Dublin Airport . The Boeing 737s heading to Edinburgh and Brussels were taxiing to a runway when they collided in darkness . Passengers ' photos of the aftermath showed the winglet lodged in the rear wing of the plane it crashed into . Last year in June , two Ryanair planes clipped wings -- ripping the tip off of one of them -- at London Stansted Airport . Customers faces delays of up to three hours after the planes , one bound for Warsaw and one which had just arrived from Frankfurt , collided . Fire trucks surround the Ryanair planes after they collided at Dublin Airport this morning .