Two British men have been fined $ 3,000 for threatening behaviour on board a Thomson Airways flight . One allegedly threw peanuts and a pound coin at cabin crew , with the other was accused of hitting himself on the head with clenched fists during the disturbance , which forced the flight from London to Mexico to divert to Bermuda . Jamie Richardson , 38 , from Lancing , West Sussex and Daniel Taylor , 37 , from Worthing , West Sussex , both pleaded guilty to using threatening behaviour in a Bermuda court . Scroll down for video . Polcie were seen entering the grounded plane at LF Wade International Airport in Bermuda . The two holidaymakers could also face a four-month jail term , with local sources claiming the pair are struggling to pay the fee as they have only $ 700 between them . The Royal Gazette reported that at the hearing the prosecutor reported the two men to be intoxicated at the point of boarding the the Boeing 787-8 at London Gatwick at around 9.40 am on Sunday morning . The court heard how , despite being seated apart , Richardson and Taylor pestered the cabin crew for drinks and caused havoc in the cabin . Taylor is said to have stood on the foot of one member of staff , and both men were accused of shouting and swearing during the flight . After being told to stop , the two reportedly claimed ` we are drug dealers . ' Taylor then threw his wallet to Richardson , who wanted to buy some peanuts . On throwing back the wallet , a fellow passenger was hit on the head . Bermuda Police confirmed two men were taken into custody after reports of unruly behviour on a plane . Richardson later the peanuts and a pound coin at staff , while Taylor continued to act in an aggressive manner . Taylor then refused a final written warning from cabin staff . The pilot was notified of the action in the cabin , and took the decision to make an unscheduled landing at LF Wade International Airport in Bermuda , seven-and-a-half hours into the flight . The plane , carrying 278 passengers , was met by six police cars on landing , with officers seen entering the aircraft and removing the passengers . In their defence , both men said they had taken sleeping pills , and that these , when mixed with alcohol , forced them to behave irrationally . Their attorney Alexandra Wheatley expressed the concern that the two men can not afford their respective fines and asked for the amount to be revised . But magistrate Magistrate Khamisi Tokunbo dismissed this as a legitimate reason and believed the fine was fair . ` In these times it could be a lot harsher -- you ca n't mess around in the air these days , ' he said . A statement on the Bermuda Police website read : ` Around 12:55 pm on Sunday , April 12 police officers responded to a report of two disruptive passengers on a diverted Thomson Airways flight landing at LF Wade International Airport . ` The two male passengers involved were subsequently escorted off the plane and taken into police custody . ` The Thomson aircraft was apparently en route from London , U.K. to Cancun , Mexico . ' It is not known at this time as to the nationality or the exact actions of the two passengers arrested . A spokesperson for Thomson Airways told MailOnline Travel : ` Thomson Airways would like to apologise for any inconvenience experienced by passengers on board flight TOM022 from London Gatwick Airport to Cancun , which diverted to Bermuda yesterday due to a customer incident on board . ` We operate a zero tolerance policy in relation to any disruptive behaviour . The passengers in question were removed from the aircraft and met by police . ` The flight departed within two hours to ensure the other customers could get away on their holiday as soon as possible . ` Customer safety is our priority at all times and we would like to reassure passengers that incidents of this nature are extremely rare . '