Ryanair has taken the unprecedented step of banning passengers from bringing their own booze on board flights between Glasgow and the party island of Ibiza out of concerns for safety and comfort . The Dublin-based airline has informed passengers travelling on the notorious flight from Glasgow Prestwick Airport to the Spanish island that their alcohol purchases from duty free shops are no longer allowed in the cabin , and they risk being kicked off the flight if they do n't comply . Ryanair refused to explain the reason behind its decision , but it follows a handful of incidents involving boorish behaviour by inebriated travellers heading to the island for days of sun , booze and revelry . Passengers ' hand luggage will be searched before they board at Glasgow Prestwick Airport , said the airline . An email sent to Ibiza-bound passengers and obtained by the Daily Record said : ` Customers will not be allowed to carry alcohol on board and all cabin baggage will be searched at boarding gates . ` Any alcohol purchased in airport shops or elsewhere must be packed in a suitable item of baggage , which will be tagged and placed in the aircraft hold free of charge . ` Customers attempting to conceal alcohol will be denied travel without refund or compensation . ' In a statement to MailOnline Travel , a Ryanair spokesman said the airline made the decision after consultations with customers and airport officials . Passengers who are caught trying to sneak alcohol into the cabin risk being kicked off the flight . The spokesman said : ` Those who have purchased duty free alcohol will be asked to either place their purchases in their cabin baggage and into the hold at the boarding gate , or leave their purchases behind . ` The comfort and safety of our customers and crew is our number one priority and we will not tolerate unruly behaviour at any time . ' The spokesman declined to identify the incidents which sparked the ban or say what will happen to passengers caught trying to sneak alcohol on board . There have been problems with passengers opening alcohol purchased from duty free shops at Glasgow Prestwick Airport and imbibing on the flight to Ibiza . Passengers who purchase booze from duty free shops at Glasgow Prestwick must place it in the luggage hold . Last year a flight made headlines when an online video showed passengers chanting and swearing . Rowdy passengers were recorded singing the theme to Dambusters and chanting ` Here we , here we , here we f ****** go ' after the plane landed . Travellers who did n't join in appeared anxious or agitated with the scene unfolding just rows in front of them , and cabin crew were shown looking on helplessly as the singing continued uninterrupted . In 2013 a flight on the same route had to divert to Beauvais-Tille Airport , north of Paris , after a group of drunk passengers began causing trouble . Police said 14 men were thrown off the plane in France and were so inebriated they thought they had landed in Ibiza . It was believed the group had been drinking alcohol bought from duty free at Glasgow Prestwick before the two-hour flight . The budget carrier currently flies twice a week between Glasgow Prestwick and Ibiza , with flights operating on Sundays and Wednesdays .