Nigel Pearson has revealed he has turned to former manager Howard Wilkinson to help Leicester 's survival bid . The Foxes boss has taken advice from Wilkinson , who he played under at Sheffield Wednesday , as Leicester battle the drop . They host Swansea on Saturday looking for a third straight win and will escape the drop zone for the first time since November if Burnley fail to win at Everton and they beat Swansea by three goals . Nigel Pearson 's Foxes have beaten West Ham and West Brom in their last two games . Pearson has come under the spotlight this season after a foul-mouthed spat with a fan and a bizarre touchline altercation with Crystal Palace 's James McArthur . Wilkinson , who won the First Division title with Leeds in 1992 , had been a mentor for Pearson before this season and he has spoken to the ex-England caretaker manager for advice . Pearson said : ` On a professional level I have one or two people I speak to if there 's something I need a bit of feedback on . Howard Wilkinson is one . ` I have a lot of respect for people I have worked with . I have friends and family I speak to , my wife remains a very important person for me in terms of getting a balanced view on life . Jamie Vardy scored an injury-time winner to improve his side 's slim chance of Premier League survival . ` I have a lot of very good friends and colleagues at Leicester and the good thing about how we work is we 're all doing a job in preparing the players but the coaches do stretch themselves as well . ' The Foxes have beaten West Ham and West Brom in their last two games and still have to play relegation rivals Sunderland , Burnley and QPR . But Pearson , who has a fully fit squad , wants complete focus on the Swans as they bid to become only the third team to survive in the Barclays Premier League after being bottom at Christmas . Leicester 's Andrej Kramaric -LRB- right -RRB- and Robert Huth go through their paces at training on Thursday . He said : ` It is important for us now that the players , and everyone else at the club , stay very much focused on now what is a seven-game season . ` Yes , there are lots of positives , especially getting six points , but we have still got an awful lot to do , and that is why there is no room for us to take any other stance than that . ` I know we have had our critics , but I have been very proud of how the players have coped with the setbacks they have had . '