When Chelsea Clinton became the first daughter of the United States of America , she was just a twelve-year-old from Arkansas with a full head of voluminous frizzy curls . But over the years , as Chelsea has grown up into an intelligent and elegant woman , her curls quickly began to fade , appearing more and more controlled as the years wore on , before eventually vanishing completely . Now , in a candid interview with Elle magazine , Chelsea has finally revealed just what happened to her much-loved ringlets -- insisting that , far from being an intentional style change , her once-unruly mane simply straightened itself out over time . Scroll down for video . All grown up : In the latest issue of Elle , Chelsea Clinton finally reveals to the world just what happened to her once-curly hair . Mystery solved : Chelsea 's famous curls -LRB- pictured left in 1998 -RRB- went from unmanageable frizz to tight ringlets , before fading into a fuller , wavier style -LRB- pictured right , in 2015 -RRB- . When asked by the magazine about what became of her ` pre-Raphaelite curls ' , Chelsea revealed : ` I do n't actually have curly hair anymore . ' ` My curls , in my early twenties , just fell into waves . I do n't know if they got tired of me , but the curls slowly subsided , and so now it 's naturally a little bit wavy but ... I miss my curls . The 35-year-old daughter of Bill Clinton , the 42nd President of the United States , also talked about her marriage to investment banker Marc Mezvinsky in the new interview , as well as her role as a mother to her baby daughter Charlotte . Quite a change : Chelsea , pictured here at age 11 just a few months before her father Bill was elected president , was often the victim of bullying remarks over her unruly hair . Hillary 's girl : Elle Editor-in-Chief Robbie Myers describes Chelsea as being ` innately regal ' with ` a kind of grace that does n't seem practiced ' Visit site . We 've watched her grow up in the White House to become a woman who commands much commending through her fiercely intelligent and graceful character . Chelsea Clinton may be the first daughter again and she shows off her sleek grown up look on the cover of Elle Magazine in a Gucci dress from the spring 2015 collection . She 's now a mother herself and dresses appropriately for her age in a chic little black dress . The carefully placed cut out and luxurious fabric show off her enviable figure . The simple slim line belt really highlights that and we love the minimalist styling . This makes us focus on the woman in front of us . We could see this dress being not only a workhorse item in your wardrobe that carries you from the boardroom to the bar for happy hour but a perfect date night outfit if you added a few sparkling baubles here and there . Head over to Neiman Marcus to invest in this LBD or check out our more wallet friendly choices below . Dion Lee cut out dress at Net-a-Porter . Visit site . Trina Turk Davani Cutout-Shoulder Dress at Neiman Marcus . Visit site . French Connection scuba dress with cut outs at Zappos . Visit site . Adrianna Papell Faux Leather Cutout Dress at Off 5th Avenue . Visit site . ` I 'm curious if Charlotte 's going to have curly hair , ' she told the magazine , adding that the scrutiny on little Charlotte 's locks will ` inevitably ' match her own growing up . ` I should apologize to her now , ' she added . Chelsea noted that seven-month-old Charlotte Clinton Mezvinsky , who was born on September 26 , has now become the center of her and her husband 's life ` in the most blessed sense ' . She said : ` I now understand - this is something else that Marc and I talk about all the time - all of the enthusiastic , bombastically spectacular , wonderful things people say about their children , because we also feel and think all those things about Charlotte - that she is just the most remarkable little bubbly , perfect , chunky monkey creature ever . ' What a difference a decade makes : Chelsea in 2004 -LRB- L -RRB- and 2014 -LRB- R -RRB- showing off the naturally changing state of her locks . Still springy : At only 13-years-old Chelsea had already tamed most of her frizz , but rocked a tightly curled look for most of the years of her father 's presidency . Despite her glamorous look in this month 's Elle fashion spread , Chelsea confessed that fashion is not her forte . The former White House resident spoke of her family 's relationship with designer Oscar de la Renta , who passed away in October , saying he ` was always giving me fashion advice - often in the form of just telling me what to wear , because I do n't have a fashion brain ' . Although shying away from making a direct comment on her mother 's run for president and her own potential return to the role of first daughter , Chelsea did comment at length on the need for women in politics and gender equality in the workplace . ` We 've made real progress on legal protections for women , but in no way are women at parity to men in our country in the workplace , ' she explained . ` And if we look in the political sphere , it is challenging to me that women comprising 20 percent of Congress is treated as a real success . Since when did 20 percent become the definition of equality ? ` And so when you ask about the importance of having a woman president , absolutely it 's important , for , yes , symbolic reasons -- symbols are important ; it is important who and what we choose to elevate , and to celebrate . ' Making a return to the White House ? Chelsea 's mother and former First Lady officially announced her 2016 presidential campaign on Sunday .