What we may be witnessing in these opening jousts of the season is the mental disintegration of Nico Rosberg as a racing driver . His reaction to losing to Lewis Hamilton -- blaming the Brit for slowing down and bunching him up as the attacking Ferrari of Sebastian Vettel closed on him -- told us more about his own state of mind than it offered fair criticism of Hamilton . Rosberg was , I thought , disgruntled by his failure to match his team-mate during a run of eight wins in the last 10 races . In those emotionally charged minutes after the Chinese Grand Prix nothing seemed to make sense to him , rational thought was fuzzy and Hamilton appeared in his mind as a blurry figure of hate . Nico Rosberg -LRB- left -RRB- looks less than impressed after finishing second to Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton . The German driver blamed Hamilton for slowing down and bunching him up as Sebastian Vettel closed in . Rosberg -LRB- left -RRB- , Hamilton -LRB- second right -RRB- and Ferrari driver Sebastian Vettel celebrate on the podium in China . It was all the more remarkable given that Rosberg was for so much of last season the ultimate expression of focus , coolness , intelligence and calculation . There was no chink in his well-tailored shell of composure . That changed in the aftermath of Spa last August , when Rosberg was punished by the team -LRB- he was made to pay for the damage caused rather than fined as such , contrary to everyone 's interpretation at the time -RRB- for his part in an early crash with Hamilton . Rosberg 's attitude seems to have changed in the aftermath of his crash with Hamilton in Spa last August . It was my view then and remains so that Rosberg was marginally more to blame for the collision , but that it was no more than a racing incident . The stewards agreed . They did not penalise either man . Yet , Mercedes made Rosberg a very public scapegoat , denting his confidence at a crucial moment in the season . He shrunk . Hamilton immediately seized the initiative , which he has never ceded in the slightest measure from that day to this . When on form , Hamilton is an extraordinary racer , maybe utterly unbeatable . And he is on form now , perhaps more so than ever in his life . That must eat at Rosberg 's heart . I am not writing off the German quite yet . I believe he is far tougher than his nickname Britney , as in Spears , suggests . He can be ` nasty ' as Niki Lauda said of him . We can all recall examples of his cunning . But he is at a fork in his career , it seems . For if he can not find a way to beat Hamilton soon , he could ebb away as Mark Webber did at Red Bull . Webber , a feisty competitor and a talented driver , was a genuine threat to Vettel in their first season fighting for the title , as Rosberg was to Hamilton in their intitial championship contest . But that was it for Webber . Vettel soon took total command , and his one-time rival was left to complain about his supposedly unfair treatment by the team , before fading into the distance and finally into retirement from Formula One . The 17-year-old Scuderia Toro Rosso driver Max Verstappen showed he has what it takes . My highlight of the Chinese Grand Prix was the pure , instinctive racing of Max Verstappen . His ability to go on the inside of his prey and brake at precisely the last moment was remarkable craftsmanship from a boy of 17 . It reminded me of John Arlott 's tribute when a young , floppy haired David Gower began his England Test career with a nonchalant four . ` Oh , what a princely entry , ' he growled . Bernie Ecclestone recently highlighted that commentators ` do n't fully understand ' technical terms . Formula One has a greater than average obsession with its own navel . It never stops asking where it can improve itself to an extent that must bore any outsider to distraction . Over complicating the whole sport is an associated abomination that has increased in recent years through saturation coverage on television and the internet . Every smart aleck wants to show just how clever he is , however slight his underlying knowledge of the sport may be . Bernie Ecclestone recently picked up on this phenomenon , saying : ` Commentators explain for an expert audience and not for people wanting to have an entertaining afternoon in front of their tellies . ` And many times these commentators hide behind technical terms because they themselves do n't fully understand what is going on . There you have it . ' The nadir of this nerdy jargon is surely the description of tyres as ` prime ' and ` option ' , terms that even the suppliers , Pirelli , wanted discontinued . So , to clarify : super soft tyres are always known as the ` option ' tyres , when they are in use , which they are not always ; softs can be ` prime ' or ` option ' , so can mediums , though hards are ` prime ' whenever they are available , which they are not always . It could n't be clearer , could it ?