This is a beauty trend we do n't see catching on . Celebrated Australian designer Akira Isogawa sent models down the runway with faces covered in sequins at his show on Wednesday morning at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia . While some models were embellished with just sequinned brows , others sported an entire mask of face bling . The new beauty trend ? Models at the Akira show at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week in Sydney on Wednesday sported a full face of sequins . The Plastics : On Wednesday 's Akira models wear pink -LRB- and also plastic head pieces -RRB- . 50 shades of pink : Isogawa presented a collection full of bright pinks and reds . Teams of make-up artists were pictured backstage working together to apply the sequins by hand one-by-one to models ' faces . Pale pink iridescent sequins in various sizes were used to create the striking look . Just hours after Akira 's show , models at Bondi Bather also showcased the sequinned beauty look . Spot the trend : Hours after Akira , models backstage at Bondi Bather were also sporting sequins on their face . Arts and crafts : The models ' eye area was covered in sequins and fur balls , which also embellished their nails . Bejewelled : Imogen Anthony , who starred in the Bondi Bather show , had her entire forehead bedazzled with sequins . Backstage , the beauties posed for pictures with faces embellished with colourful sequins and beads , as well as fur balls , which also adorned their nails . AKIRA . During the Akira Isogawa show , elaborate head wear also served to accesorise the rainbow bright collection , which featured a plethora of reds and pinks , as well as intricate prints . A hydrangea print in cornflour blue also featured , alongside a purple , khaki green , blue and yellow paisley print , adding a summery , floral note to the hot , Indian pinks previously seen . Mask : Pale pink sequins in various sizes were used to create the look . It takes a village : Make-up teams worked together backstage to apply the sequins one by one . All about the brow : Some models with just sequinned brows . Oriental patterns added another line to Isogawa 's runway , with olive green , red , black and white meshed in with stripes , jacquard and Chinese dragons . Couture dresses with hessian , chiffon and silk were paired with eye popping orange trenches and cream tulle headpieces . And a butter cup yellow geometric two piece also made an appearance . The ensembles were completed with models wearing red cable knit socks and the odd Adidas Infinite trainers , coordinating nicely with the model 's coral lips . Hello hydrangeas : A blue hydrangea print dress featured alongside a shawl of real hydrangea flowers at Akira . Sock it to her : Red cable knit socks and Adidas Infinite trainers were the foot wear of choice on the runway . Sway this way : Apricot and cream gowns floated and sashayed across the Akira catwalk . Rectangular runway : A model wore a butter cup yellow two piece with fringed top and three quarter pants at Akira . Dragon slayer : Chinese dragon prints were used as corset belts in Akira 's traditional pieces . STEVEN KHALIL . Meanwhile , Steven Khalil showcased breathtaking bridal couture and stunning evening wear in his show on Wednesday at Carriageworks . The designer 's elaborate wedding gowns featured full skirts with plunging necklines , and intricate embellishments . The presentation was packed with show stoppers , with sheer metallic fabrics over bodysuits and heady beading on evening gowns . Down the aisle : Steven Khalil presented a show-stopping wedding dress at his show on Wednesday . Bridal : Steven Khalil dazzled with his intricate creations . Details : Sheer metallic fabrics and heavy beading were key features amongst the evening wear . KATE SYLVESTER . Kate Sylvester showcased delicate , ladylike designs in a ` Romeo and Juliet ' - inspired collection . See-through lace dresses contrasted with floral prints and understated separates . Some models walked the runway sporting shoulder armour in gold , while others wore the ; just got out of bed ' trend well in slouchy striped suits . Armour : A few of the models at Kate Sylvester sported shoulder plates . Lovely in lace : Sylvester also presented see-through lace dresses in a variety of cuts and colours . Stripes in style : Laid-back wrap dresses and pyjama-style slouchy separates also featured . Inspiration : A mood board backstage instructed models to look as though ` You are madly in love , doomed to die , but you are so beautiful and so cool that you do not give a damn ' A mood board backstage set the tone for models . It read : ` You are madly in love , you are doomed to die , but you are so beautiful and so cool that you do not give a damn . ' JENNIFER KATE . In the afternoon , Jennifer Kate sent models down a runway strewn with white confetti . Understated leather separates in pastel hues were the focus , with cropped and crossover tops , skater skirts , and A-line skirts all featuring . Cropped leather : Jennifer Kate showed cropped leather with skater skirts in pastel hues . Luxe : Tan and grey leathers also featured , paired with stark white shoes . BONDI BATHER . It was all about cheeky swimwear for Bondi Bather , who collaborated with Hello Kitty on their new collection . Imogen Anthony acted as Creative Director for the show and also starred on the runway . Models ' faces were bedazzled with sequins , while their hair was slicked back in a tight high ponytail . Hello Kitty : Bondi Bather teamed up with Hello Kitty to create bikinis and one-pieces bearing the iconic logo . Tribal influence : At Ixiah , contemporary wares were accessorised with slick hair . A week of fun : Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia kicked off last Thursday and will conclude on April 16 .