A man has appeared in court charged with murdering Irish student Karen Buckley . Alexander Pacteau , 21 , allegedly killed the nursing student , whose disappearance sparked a huge police search earlier this week . He is also charged with attempting to defeat the ends of justice , it emerged at a private court appearance today at Glasgow Sheriff Court . A man has been charged with murder after the body of nursing student Karen Buckley was found this week . A security van arrives at Glasgow Sheriff Court ahead of a court appearance by Alexander Pacteau , the 21-year-old charged with Miss Buckley 's murder and attempting to defeat the ends of justice . Pacteau , from the city 's west end , made no plea or declaration and was remanded in custody by sheriff Charles McFarlane QC . He will appear again next week for a full committal hearing . Miss Buckley , a qualified nurse , went missing following a night out at the Sanctuary nightclub in Glasgow on Saturday night . Her body was later found by police at a farm six miles north of the city . A spokesman for Scotland 's Crown Office said : ` Alexander Pacteau , 21 , from Glasgow , appeared at Glasgow Sheriff Court today charged with the murder of Karen Buckley , and with attempting to defeat the ends of justice . ` He made no plea or declaration and was remanded in custody . It is anticipated he will appear again next week for a further hearing . ` It would be inappropriate to comment further at this stage in proceedings . ' Pacteau made no plea at the court -LRB- pictured -RRB- today and was remanded in custody until next week . Miss Buckley 's body was found on a farm six miles north of her home in the city earlier this week . A huge police search was launched after her disappearance , which ended at High Craigton farm . Friends of Miss Buckley raised the alarm on Sunday morning when she failed to return from a night out at the nightclub . The search led police to Dawsholm Park , where Miss Buckley 's handbag was found on Tuesday , and a nearby property , before the farm where the discovery was made . Ms Buckley moved to Scotland in February and was a first-year occupational therapy student at Glasgow Caledonian University . Her family , who travelled to Scotland on Tuesday , have said they are ` absolutely heartbroken ' . Her father , John Buckley , 62 , said she was an outgoing girl who ` thoroughly enjoyed life ' . He released a statement through Police Scotland yesterday which read : ` Marian and I , together with our sons Brendan , Kieran , and Damian , are absolutely heartbroken . ` Karen was our only daughter , cherished by her family and loved by her friends . ` She was an outgoing girl who travelled the world , where she met lots of people and thoroughly enjoyed her life . We will miss her terribly . ' Miss Buckley , pictured with her brothers Brendan , Damien and Kieran , has been described as an ` outgoing girl ' who was always ` smiling ' Miss Buckley -LRB- pictured left on the night of her disappearance -RRB- only moved to Glasgow two months ago . Her parents , John and Marian , say they are ` absolutely heartbroken ' at the death of their ` cherished ' daughter . Flowers , cards and pictures have been left at the entrance to the farm and at Glasgow Caledonian University in tribute to Miss Buckley . A vigil will be held in George Square in Glasgow city centre this evening to show support for the family and friends of the student , who was from Cork in the Irish Republic . People are being encouraged to bring flowers and candles to the event . The outpouring of support for the family has also raised £ 50,000 in an online drive organised by her former classmates at Limerick University . The Go Fund Me page was set up to cover the family 's travel and expenses while in Scotland and to support the upkeep of their farm in Cork . It raised more than 10 times the original target amount . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .