Napoli all but secured their place in the semi-finals of the Europa League after inflicting a devastating defeat on Wolfsburg at the Volkswagen Arena on Thursday night . Gonzalo Higuain and Marek Hamsik put the visitors firmly in control as Rafa Benitez 's side struck twice in the opening 45 minutes before the Slovakian midfielder added a third after the break . Substitute Manolo Gabbiadini made it four just moments after replacing two-goal hero Hamisk from the bench before former Arsenal striker Nicklas Bendtner pulled a goal back for the hosts . Manolo Gabbiadini heads Napoli 4-0 ahead moments after coming on as a second-half substitute . Gabbiadini celebrates with team-mate David Lopez after giving the visitors a four-goal advantage . Marek Hamsik celebrates with team-mates after making it 3-0 to Napoli in the first leg of the quarter-final . Wolfsburg -LRB- 4-2-3-1 -RRB- : Benaglio ; Vieirinha , Naldo , Knoche , Rodriguez ; Guilavogui -LRB- Arnold 70 -RRB- , Luiz Gustavo ; Caligiuri , De Bruyne , Schurrle -LRB- Perisic 64 -RRB- ; Dost -LRB- Bendtner 57 -RRB- . Subs not used : Grun , Klose , Trasch , Schafer . Scorer -LRB- s -RRB- : Bendtner 80 . Booked : Bendtner . Manager : Dieter Hecking . Napoli -LRB- 4-2-3-1 -RRB- : Andujar ; Maggio , Albiol , Britos , Ghoulam ; David Lopez , Inler ; Callejon , Hamsik -LRB- Gabbiadini 75 -RRB- , Mertens -LRB- Insigne 60 -RRB- ; Higuain -LRB- Henrique 86 -RRB- . Subs not used : Cabral , Koulibaly , Gargano , Jorginho . Scorer -LRB- s -RRB- : Higuain 15 , Hamsik 23 , 64 , Gabbiadini 76 . Manager : Rafa Benitez . Referee : Antonio Miguel Mateu Lahoz . Wolfsburg came into the clash having lost just once in their last 26 matches in all competitions , a run that included two victories against Italian opposition Inter Milan in the previous round . And the Germans started the game brightly as they looked to impose their slick passing game on Napoli , but it was the visitors who opened the scoring . Dries Mertens checked back on to his right foot from wide on the left and delivered an inch-perfect ball over the top for Higuain , who was just onside . The Argentine striker brought the ball under control with what looked like a combination of chest and upper arm before firing past Diego Benaglio with the outside of his right foot - his seventh of the competition . The Wolfsburg defenders were rightly aggrieved but their protestations fell on deaf ears as the referee waved away their handball appeals . They could have no complaints seven minutes later , however , as Hamsik broke clear of the Wolves ' backline to apply a composed finish to a slick , flowing move that ended with Higuain 's defence-splitting pass . Gonzalo Higuain gave Napoli the lead with a smart finish via the outside his foot after 15 minutes . Slovakian Hamsik doubled the Italians lead midway through the first half to put them firmly in control . The Napoli captain celebrates in front of the travelling supporters after finishing off a fine move . Wolfsburg almost halved the deficit on the stroke of half-time . Former Chelsea forward Andre Schurrle cut in from the left and struck a rasping drive that needed every inch of Mariano Andujar 's frame to tip the effort onto the crossbar . Some sloppy Wolfsburg play allowed Hamsik to grab his second on 64 minutes as the tie slipped away from Dieter Hecking 's side . Benaglio played the ball out to Josuha Guilavogui , who turned and passed the ball straight to Jose Callejon . The former Real Madrid midfielder skipped into the penalty are before squaring for Hamsik to turn into an empty net as Napoli took a firm grip on this last eight tie . Higuain wheels away in celebration after opening the scoring at the Volkswagen Arena . Wolfsburg 's players protest to the referee after Higuain appeared to bring the ball under control using his arm . Former Chelsea and Liverpool manager Rafa Benitez issues instructions from the touchline . Faouzi Ghoulam high fives teammate Higuain after removing his shirt and shorts after the match . Napoli left back Ghoulam leaves the field is his flamboyant underpants after the Italian 's convincing win . It was to be the Napoli captain 's last meaningful contribution as he was replaced by Gabbiadini . The former Sampdoria man made it four just a minute later when he headed Lorenzo Insigne 's perfectly delivered cross past Benaglio . Wolfsburg had only failed to score in two of their last 26 matches and they had a goal back with 10 minutes left . Ivan Perisic broke to the byline before crossing for Bendtner to tap home . This was already the Germans ' heaviest home defeat in European competition but it could have been five moments later as Gabbiandini struck the crossbar with a wicked dipping effort from 25 yards .