Judd Trump was in confident mood after safely moving through to the second round of the Betfred World Championship in Sheffield . Trump led 7-2 overnight and many thought he would make light work of Stuart Carrington but he was made to battle before eventually securing a 10-6 victory . The 25-year-old closed with a century and will now face Marco Fu in the next round . Judd Trump beat Stuart Carrington 10-6 on Thursday in the first round of the World Championship . ` I 'm just going to focus on my own game , ' he told BBC Two . ` If I play how I know I can , I 'll win it . ' A re-rack was required in the 10th frame but that did not distract Carrington who produced a break of 97 to reduce the gap to four . Trump took the next with a streak of 74 but a 74 of his own from Carrington followed by a run of 70 in the next meant it was 8-5 at the interval . Carrington got amongst the balls after the interval but was halted at 24 and Trump swept in with a 76 to move within one frame of victory . Grimsby potter Carrington showed his mettle , though , with a 99 in the next before a closing 109 from Trump put an end to his campaign . And the 2011 finalist was quick to praise his opponent , who was making his Crucible debut . Trump -LRB- pictured -RRB- led 7-2 from Wednesday and got the job done despite a good display by Carrington . ` He played really well considering it 's his first time here , ' he said . ` Second session he hardly missed a ball . He probably wo n't take as much credit as he would if it was a top player making those breaks . ` He played as good as anyone I 've seen first time here . ' Trump is one of the crowd favourites wherever he plays and admits there is a weight of expectation on him this year . ` There 's obviously a lot of anticipation this year , ' he added . ` My results have shown that I 'm playing some good stuff , I felt like I played well over the past two days . ` There 's obviously a few things I need to work on but other than that I feel very confident . ` It was nice for Stuart to play as he did , it just shows there is always stuff to work on and you wo n't get many sessions where someone plays that well . ' After being five frames behind , Carrington closed the gap to three before Trump earned the victory . At the press conference following his win , Trump was asked about the footwear problems encountered by long-time rival Ronnie O'Sullivan , whose 10-3 victory over Craig Steadman required a change of shoes . Having started Tuesday 's match in a new pair of shoes , O'Sullivan discarded them due to the acute discomfort they were causing him ; he briefly played in socks before accepting tournament director Mike Ganley 's shoes which ` felt great ' to him . Of the incident , Trump said : ` I did n't really see it but I heard about it . Obviously , he likes attention . I do n't know if he 's done it on purpose or not , who knows ? ' As to the overall favourite for the World Championship , Trump was quick to divert attention away from O'Sullivan , adding : ` In my eyes , I think Neil 's -LRB- Robertson -RRB- probably the underdog , . Ronnie O'Sullivan was forced into borrowing a pair of shoes from tournament director Mike Ganley . ` I think Neil 's favourite to win the tournament . Neil and Mark -LRB- Selby -RRB- are going to be the toughest two . Ronnie is obviously a good player but I 'm confident of beating anyone . ' On the other table , defending champion Mark Selby was locked in a tough battle with Anthony McGill in the opening second round match . Selby , who needed to scrap for a 10-9 win over Kurt Maflin in the first round , got off to a slow start as he surrendered the first two frames . The first was a scrappy encounter but a break of 63 sealed the second for McGill before runs of 51 and 46 saw Selby on the board . The Leicester cueman then levelled things up at the mid-session interval with a 65 and an 87 at the third time of asking saw him edge ahead . Defending champion Mark Selby closed the session at 4-4 with Anthony McGill in their second round match . McGill was not daunted , though , and breaks of 74 and 73 in the next two saw him take a 4-3 lead before Selby drew level again to end the session at 4-4 . Shaun Murphy , the 2005 world champion and current Masters title holder , conceded just the one additional frame to his overnight lead of 7-2 as he wrapped up a 10-3 win over Robin Hull . Murphy 's first frame on Thursday was a tight affair at 56-55 and he went on to win the next 64-33 . Finland 's Hull was able to pick up frame 12 but Murphy 's wrapped up the contest with a break of 111 . It sealed his passage to the second round where he will meet Joe Perry , who had beaten Zhang Anda 10-4 . Shaun Murphy wrapped up victory against Finland 's Robin Hull with a 10-3 win on Thursday . Ding Junhui has a chance of progressing past John Higgins after his break of 94 sealed frame eight to leave the Chinese 5-3 down going into Friday 's session . Higgins had picked up back-to-back frames at the start without much fuss , including 81 on the first , though Ding 's class showed in a 135 break in the third . Four-time World Championship winner Higgins then threatened to walk away with the match by winning three frames on the bounce , starting with 116-6 in the fourth and going on to lead 5-1 . However , Ding fought back in the closing stages to narrow the deficit , though he did miss out on a second century break of the match after failing to pot the black , on what was to prove the last shot of the day .