Eight coffins lined the stage of a Maryland auditorium for the funeral services Saturday for a family that died from carbon monoxide poisoning in their home earlier this month . The Todd family - a 36-year-old father and his seven children aged six to 15 - were tragically killed as they slept in their Princess Anne home . Father Rodney Todd was raising the children after divorcing their mother in November . The six-hour funeral service brought 1,200 people to the Ella Fitzgerald Auditorium at the University of Maryland Eastern Shore on Saturday to pay their respect to the family . Scroll down for video . Mourners file in as a viewing for Rodney Todd and his seven children is held on Saturday at the Ella Fitzgerald Performing Arts Center in Princess Anne , Maryland . Mourners sob and comfort each other as they walk past the seven caskets lining the stage during the service . The Todd family - a 36-year-old father and his seven children aged six to 15 - were tragically killed by carbon monoxide poisoning as they slept in their Princess Anne home . Todd and his children were poisoned in their sleep only days after the power company discovered a stolen meter and cut off electricity to their rental home , police said . Men , women and children , some in funeral attire and others donning T-shirts reading ` The Todd Family : Gone But Not Forgotten ' walked across the stage to visit the coffins of five girls , two boys and one man . The children have been named as children as boys Cameron Todd , 13 , and Zycheim Todd , 7 ; and girls Tynijuiza Todd , 15 ; Tykira Todd , 12 ; Tybree Todd , 10 ; Tyania Todd , 9 ; and Tybria Todd , 6 . Their caskets , arranged in order of age , were lined with white and decorated with heart-shaped floral arrangements , according to The Baltimore Sun . The boys and father were dressed in white suits and the girls in lace dresses and tiaras . The children 's mother , Tyisha Chambers , 36 , sat in the front row of the auditorium and did not speak during the service . Todd and his children were poisoned in their sleep only days after the power company discovered a stolen meter and cut off electricity to their rental home , police said . Delmarva Power said it cut off power for safety reasons on March 25 , not because the family was behind on its bills , as family members previously had said . A woman walks past the caskets of Rodney Todd and his seven children . The funeral service included gospel singing , prayer and words of hope . A boy looks up at one of the caskets during the service . Dr John Gaddis , superintendent of Somerset County Public Schools , where the children attended class , said that the family was close . Rodney Todd 's mother Bonnie Edwards , center , walks alongside her husband Lloyd Edwards for a viewing for her son and seven grandchildren on Saturday . With the power out , Todd , who worked a $ 10-an-hour job in dining services at the university , had bought the generator and put it in his kitchen to keep his two sons and five daughters warm . Friends and relatives last saw them alive March 28 . ` Probably it was bedtime and they decided they needed some light and probably some heat , because toward the end of March even though it was spring we were having some pretty chilly nights , ' Princess Anne police Chief Scott Keller said . Police found their bodies April 6 inside the one-story , wood-frame home on Maryland 's Eastern Shore after school workers , friends and the father 's co-workers knocked on the door with no answer . The funeral service included gospel singing , prayer and words of hope . Reverend Donna Bowers of Crossroads International Fellowship in Princess Anne said that Todd was a man who did his best to make sure his children were at church on every Sunday . Dr John Gaddis , superintendent of Somerset County Public Schools , where the children attended class , said that the family was close . Rodney Todd , pictured left and right , was killed along side his seven children sometime between March 28 and April 6 . Delmarva Power said it cut off power for safety reasons on March 25 , and then Todd brought a generator into the home . ty ` nijuiza Todd , 15 , -LRB- left -RRB- and her 12-year-old sister ty ` kira -LRB- right -RRB- were two of Todd 's daughters who were killed in the carbon monoxide accident . Todd 's eldest son Cameron , 13 , is pictured left with his sister , 15-year-old Tynijuiza and 7-year-old Zycheim -LRB- right -RRB- were also killed . ` We have all been touched by stories of -LSB- the children 's -RSB- kindness and the purity of their hearts , ' he added . Family friend Tylicia Bolden spoke specifically of each family member as she stood in front of more than 1,000 people at the funeral . Ty ` breyia , or Brea-Brea , would have turned six on April 4 , and was a ` bright student with beautiful handwriting ' who was ` already ... writing complete sentences with highly detailed illustrations , ' Bolden read from an obituary . Zhi ` heen , seven , was a first-grader who ` was a charmer and fancied himself a ladies ' man , ' she said . ty ` niah , who would have turned nine in May , was ` respectful , kind to others , helpful and a hard worker , ' the ` kind of student every teacher wanted . ' ty ` nijuiza was ten and loved borrowing her older sisters ' clothing , Bolden said . Twelve-year-old ty ` keria a a ` good athlete ' and a ` girly-girl ' . Cameron , the oldest boy , was 13 . His nickname was ` Pun ' , and he was a 6ft 3in ` gentle giant ' who loved basketball and was always there to encourage his siblings . ty ` juzaina was the oldest at 15 . She loved socializing , ` big dangling earrings ' and the color purple , Bolden said . Rodney Todd 's mother , Bonnie Edwards , center , and Stephanie Wells -LRB- right -RRB- mourn the loss of Rodney Todd and his seven children at a prayer vigil in Princess Anne on April 10 . Bonnie Edwards , is hugged at a prayer vigil in front of her son 's home on April 10 . She said that her son ` knew the children from the inside out ' Lloyd Edwards , center left , stands next to his wife , the mother of Rodney Todd , Bonnie Edwards , as they mourn outside her son 's residence on April 10 . As for their father , he had a troubled past but was turning his life around and caring for his children the best he could . He married Chambers in 2007 , but in 2001 she accused him of attacking her with a knife . He pleaded guilty to second-degree assault and spent one year in jail and 18 additional months on probation . His mother Bonnie Edwards , and family friends said that he made sure to stay in touch with the kids ' teachers and learned to braid his daughters ' hair . ` There was nothing he would not do for -LSB- his children -RSB- , and he always put their needs ahead of his own , ' Bolden told the audience , according to the Baltimore Sun . + . Todd 's work supervisor , Stephanie Wells said that he was a devoted father and was genuine and outgoing . ` He was the light of our life , ' she said . ` We loved him and we loved the children . ' At the end of the service , the eight caskets were wheeled through the auditorium into eight white hearses waiting outside . Mourners watched , some sobbing with grief and others still in shock , remembering the family they all loved . Vaunter Campbell , a coworker of Rodney Todd , mourns outside of the family 's residence on April 10 , four days after the Todd family was found dead in their home . Mourners gather at the Todd residence for a prayer vigil in Princess Anne . A memorial was created outside the home where people joined together . At the vigil on April 10 , mourners released balloons into the air as a memorial of the family of eight who died .