They used to be given away as a method companies used to let potential new customers sample their products and - hopefully - come back for more . Now showbags cost anywhere from $ 10 to $ 30 and are among the mounting prices parents are paying for their annual trip to the Easter Show - along with $ 40 entrance fees and $ 15 rides . But are the contents of the bags worth the prices being paid ? The official website of the Sydney Royal Easter Show lists the retail value of show bag contents , and reveals that at least one of the bags cost more than it would to buy the items outright . The 2015 Sydney Royal Easter show , which opened to the public last Thursday 26 March . The Cowboy Bag includes a toy sheriff 's hat , a vest and a red bandana , as well as a toy pump action shotgun and a pack of plastic pistols and handcuffs . The price is $ 26 . But the site lists the retail value of the items as $ 23.85 - and that 's without the added burden of entrance fees , rides and long queues at the show . Other bags offer some rather trivial savings . At the lower end of the price scale , buyers of the Fruit Tingles bag will get three 34 gram packets of the disc-shaped lollies , one 34 gram packet of fruit pastilles , two Redskins , two lollipops and two Milko sticks for $ 5 . That 's a saving of $ 0.10 on the listed total retail value is $ 5.10 . The Aussie Bogan bag - if that 's your thing - offers better value . For $ 15 buyers will get a drinking cap with Aussie flag , a mullet wig , fake bogan teeth , Aussie pride stubby holder , and an infatable Aussie flag bat and bar poster , altogether worth $ 50.90 . Capping it off is a ` discount amusement ride voucher ' with a listed value of $ 0.00 . One bag on the site seems to offer unbelievable value , literally . The Rockstar bag includes an inflatable guitar , toy trilby and some items including a tinsel hair clip the site lists as worth $ 395 , giving the bag a total retail value of $ 413.70 for the bargain price of $ 10 . A quick online scan reveals the hair clip price is almost certainly a typo . The official website displays the retail value of the showbags contents , reveal that some of the bags cost more than it would to buy the items outright-such as the Cowboy Bag -LRB- L -RRB- - while others are a mere 10 cents less than their retail value-like the Fruit Tingles Bag . Some of the bags have grossly inaccurate value listings-such as the Rockstar Bag -LRB- L -RRB- - while the Aussie Bogan bag alludes to the shows biggest attraction having zero value . Sydney 's Royal East Show is one of the biggest events on the school holiday calendar , and is the largest of the annual carnivals that tour the country each year . Growing out of the agricultural show circuit , Australia 's annual shows have become major attractions in cities and country town that include farm animal and fruit and vegetable displays as well as carnival rides , stunt shows - and the inevitable show bag pavillion .