A young mother wrote a heartbreaking obituary for herself before she passed away after a years long battle with cancer . Beth O'Rourke , 44 , of Paxton , Massachusetts , has spent the past 7 years fighting stage four biliary cancer , and on April 16 , the mother of Courtney , 11 , and Seamus , 8 , lost that fight . But as she stated in her obituary ; ` I was a survivor . ' Beth O'Rourke -LRB- above with husband Brendan and children Courtney and Seamus -RRB- , 44 , has spent the past 7 years fighting stage four biliary cancer and passed away April 16 . Beth -LRB- above with Brendan -RRB- wrote her own obituary . ` I died Thursday , April 16 , 2015 surrounded by family , in the arms of my husband and ` anam cara ' , Brendan Patrick O'Rourke , ' she wrote in the obituary . Anam cara means soul mate in Gaelic . She then went on to acknowledge all those she loved so much in her life , and then express just how happy she was , even though she was gone . ` I LOVED my life . I loved a long run , to sit quietly by the lake , to read and dance and sing and be silly with our children , ' she wrote . ` We loved watching summer storms blow across the water . I loved to chat and laugh with my sisters and friends , until tears ran down our legs ! ' In the end though , she focused on her two children and her husband . ` Of all the things I did in this life , nothing compared to being with Brendan and our children . I fought every day to stay alive and to be with them . No person could ever ask for a more loving and supportive husband , always my champion , always , ' she said . ` I enjoyed every moment we shared ; the great ones , the sad ones , the easy and the hard . I pray they have learned to feel the deep sense of faith that I shared . No matter where this journey brings me next , I will forever carry their love with me , as I am sure there is a piece of me that will forever remain with them . ' As for her own life , she said she hoped to be remembered ` with laughter , love and a good pint . ' Beth and Brendan are seen above on their wedding day . Beth dancing with her father in an old family photo . Jim Heald , the owner of the Heald & Chiampa funeral home and a longtime friend of Beth , says he was not surprised at all she wrote her own obituary . ` She was a planner , and it was in her best efforts to prepare herself and her family for what was coming , ' he told ABC News . ` Being in the first person is very different . I write them for the family and she did it firsthand . It 's absolutely magnificent . ' He then added ; ` In that obituary she was teaching . She so eloquently says , `` Cancer loses grace and love wins . '' It was so profound and so true . Brendan also thought his wife 's message was magnificent . ` It 's pretty amazing to think that someone could write that before passing away . It 's pretty amazing , ' he said . ` Beth was amazing . ' ` Beth was amazing , ' said Brendan of his wife . Beth is seen getting her nursing degree above . In an interview with Today , Brendan once again praised his wife . ` She was so powerful , ' he said . ` Most people , up until very recently , did n't even know she was sick , even though she 'd been through multiple surgeries and -LSB- chemotherapy -RSB- treatments . She always had a positive outlook . She always cared more for everybody else first . ' He also said that in addition to writing her obituary she planned the entire funeral so no one else would have to worry about anything after she was gone . Now family members have set up a GoFundMe page to try and fund her children 's education , and help out Brendan , who met his wife when the two were just 14-years-old . Already $ 30,000 has been raised , with the hopes of making it to $ 100,000 from Brendan and the children . ` This is a story about a love that will live forever and will never fade or waver , ' the page says of Beth . ` Her love is like the wind , we ca n't see it but we can feel it every single day . ' I died Thursday , April 16 , 2015 surrounded by family , in the arms of my husband and anam cara , Brendan Patrick O'Rourke . I was 44 years old . I was a survivor . I was blessed in this life with two amazing children ; Courtney Elizabeth age 11 and Seamus Brendan aged 8 . I was a Burncoat girl , raised by my mother , Eileen -LRB- Courtney -RRB- Rafferty now of Holden , and my very dear uncle , George ` David ' Rafferty who predeceased me . Henry J Rafferty was my father who also predeceased me . I also leave my brother Sean P. Rafferty , sisters : Noreen Erickson and her husband Robert , Ellen R Harrity and Megan Rafferty , all of Worcester . I leave a most loving mother and father in law , James G. and Hannah ` Joan ' O'Rourke ; a sister , Colleen and her husband , Martin Dyer all of Worcester ; a brother-in-law , James O'Rourke and his wife , Michelle -LRB- Holden -RRB- and lifelong friends Carrie Ann Buccaglia -LRB- Worcester -RRB- , Maureen Grenier -LRB- Dudley -RRB- , Patricia Flagg -LRB- Millbury -RRB- , and many nieces and nephews . I 'd like to thank my colleague , physician and dear friend Venu Bathini MD , for his care and support in this battle . You always saw me as a person and not a statistic . In addition I thank my PCP Elizabeth Murphy MD , nurses Beth and Faith and all those who cared for me during this journey . It was not easy for me to be a care receiver , but we forged a path for me that brought me further than most would have imagined . I attended Burncoat High School , Worcester State University obtaining my masters in nursing . As a ` roaming ' catholic I attended Mass in various parishes . We are members of St Columba but attended St. Johns , Our Lady of the Angels and the Abbey in Spencer . Nursing was my calling , during my career I had the honor and privilege , to care for patients who were amazing people ; they often gave me the strength and courage to get through my journey and the desire to return to the work of caring for others . I hope I was able to give them a fraction of what they gave me . I LOVED my life . I loved a long run , to sit quietly by the lake , to read and dance and sing and be silly with our children . We loved watching summer storms blow across the water . I loved to chat and laugh with my sisters and friends , until tears ran down our legs ! Brendan and I enjoyed many trips together , most enjoyable were those to Ireland , visiting family to share a pint and some good ` craic ' . And of course sitting quietly on the porch with Brendan -LRB- listening to the Red Sox -RRB- . I enjoyed working for a cause , among them , the Pancreatic Cancer Alliance , whose members ' spirit and dedication amazed me . Of all the things I did in this life , nothing compared to being with Brendan and our children . I fought every day to stay alive and to be with them . No person could ever ask for a more loving and supportive husband , always my champion , always . I enjoyed every moment we shared ; the great ones , the sad ones , the easy and the hard . I pray they have learned to feel the deep sense of faith that I shared . No matter where this journey brings me next , I will forever carry their love with me , as I am sure there is a piece of me that will forever remain with them . But cancer does not care who it takes , who it hurts , or honor or love . It comes into your life and starts to break the threads that hold you and you are left to see pieces of yourself slip away and dreams fade . We were clung only to each other with pure love and faith binding us , in the end is when the most amazing thing happens , cancer loses its strength and grace appears . We need to see it . We accept it , and go with it . Grace and love win , not cancer . I hope to be remembered , with laughter , love and a good pint . And for my children to know `` No Momma ever did and no Momma ever will ... . . '' Family and friends will gather to honor and remember my life at calling hours on Tuesday , April 21 , 2015 from 4:00 to 8:00 pm at Heald & Chiampa Funeral Directors -- The Sumner House , 5 Church Road , On the Common , Shrewsbury Center . My Funeral Mass will be celebrated in Saint John 's Church , 44 Temple Street , Worcester on Wednesday , April 22nd at 10 a.m. Burial will follow in Mooreland Cemetery , Paxton . Honor my legacy and love for my children with a donation to Our Story of Love or become involved and help fight cancer in any way you can . Forgive someone today and fill that spot with love .