A heavily armed Algerian jihadi who was preparing to attack churches in Paris on the orders is in custody this morning after being implicated in the murder of a young woman . The 24-year-old , named locally as Sid Ahmed Ghlam , had shot himself in the leg before his arrest by anti-terrorist officers in the 13th arrondissement in southern Paris on Sunday . This afternoon the Paris prosecutor said police found Arabic documents mentioning ISIS and Al Qaeda at the IT student 's home , as well as evidence on his computer that he was in contact with a man in Syria ` who clearly asked him to target a church . ' Sunday 's arrest came just hours after the murder of Aurelie Chatelain , a 33-year-old mother and fitness instructor , who was riddled with bullets as she sat in her car in a car park in the Paris suburb of Villejuif . Investigators reportedly claim DNA evidence links Ghlam to her murder . Scroll down for video . Sid Ahmed Ghlam -LRB- pictured -RRB- had shot himself in the leg before his arrest by anti-terrorist officers . Killed : DNA evidence also reportedly links Ghlam to the murder of Aurelie Chatelain -LRB- pictured left and right -RRB- , a 33-year-old mother and fitness instructor who shot dead in her car in a Paris suburb on Sunday morning . Gathered : This is the student residence where Sid Ahmed Ghlam - a 24-year-old computer science student suspected of plotting imminent attacks on churches in France - had reportedly been living . French Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve today said : ` A terrorist attack was foiled on Sunday morning . ' ` The police discovered an arsenal containing weapons of war , and a suspect was immediately taken into custody . ' Victim : DNA tests reportedly link the arrested man to the murder of Ms Chatelain -LRB- pictured -RRB- on Sunday . Mr Cazeneuve said the suspect was found on a street in the 13th arrondissement of Paris with a bullet in his leg , and bleeding heavily . He originally claimed to be the victim of an attack by criminals , but officers followed the trail of blood to his car , where they found a Kalashnikov assaultrifle , and a Sig-Sauer automatic pistol . There were also stolen police armbands which would enable him to pose as a plain clothes officer . In Ghlam 's student accommodation , detectives later found three automatic rifles , handguns , and bulletproof vests . There were also Jihadi flags and literature , false passports , and plans for attacks on ` one or two ' churches in the Paris area . DNA analysis reportedly linked the arrested man to the murder of Ms Chatelain , who was originally from Caudry , in northern France . The arrested man was an Algerian national studying computer science in Paris , and was known to the intelligence services . The man had been considered a likely candidate to travel to Syria to fight with the Islamic State terrorist organisation , said Mr Cazeneuve , and was officially under surveillance . Tragic : Ghalm 's arrest came just hours after the murder of Aurelie Chatelain -LRB- pictured -RRB- , a 33-year-old mother and fitness instructor , who was riddled with bullets as she sat in her car in the Paris suburb of Villejuif . Statement : French Prime Minister Manuel Vall , left , and interior minister Bernard Cazeneuve , speaking to the assembled media about the thwarted attack after a cabinet meeting at the Elysee Palace in Paris today . Location : The 24-year-old , named locally as Sid Ahmed Ghlam , had shot himself in the leg before his arrest by anti-terrorist officers in the 13th arrondissement in southern Paris -LRB- pictured -RRB- on Sunday morning . The arrested man had moved to France in 2009 , and was supported by his sister , who lives in the Paris area . Her home has since been raided by police too . It follows the Charlie Hebdo terrorist attacks in January , when three Islamist terrorists slaughtered 17 people in the city . They included cartoonists and journalists working for the notoriously anti-Muslim magazine , as well as police and four Jews who were targeted in a kosher supermarket . Two of the attackers , Saif and Cherif Kouachi , were both from Algerian backgrounds , while the third , Amedy Coulibaly , was from a Malian immigrant background . All were shot dead by police commandos following sieges .