A pensioner has broke down in tears in court as he was spared jailed after admitting he stabbed his sick wife to death after she begged him to ` bring her suffering to an end ' . Anthony Mann , 78 , sat quietly sobbing in the dock as he listened to the details of the mercy killing of his wife Janet at their home in Nuneaton , Warwickshire . He was given a two year suspended sentence after he appeared at Leamington Justice Centre today . Anthony Mann was spared jail for killing his wife Janet after she asked him to end his life . As his trial opened , the prosecution outlined how Mann plunged a kitchen knife into his wife 's chest in a moment of impulse . The court was told how Mann was a devoted father and husband , who had been married to Janet for a number of years after they first met as teenagers . However , since 2008 , Mrs Mann 's health had deteriorated and by the middle of 2014 , she was suffering from dementia , was unable to go to the toilet alone and was in chronic pain . Peter Grieve-Smith , prosecuting , said : ` The strain on Mr Mann was enormous and on June 20 at 2.20 am he made a 999 call and said he had killed his wife . ` He said he had stabbed her and that she had asked him to do it . ` When the police arrived they found Janet Mann lying on her bed on her back with a knife sticking out of her abdomen . ` She had died through a stab wound to her heart . ' A police van outside the home of Anthony and Janet Mann in Nuneaton after Mr Mann stabbed his sick wife to death after she begged him to bring her suffering to an end . In a statement to police Mann said his wife had been in a distressed state and had told him she had had enough . He said : ` She was screaming and said she did not want live like this . I went to the kitchen and got a knife and stabbed her . I kissed her and said I love you . ' The couple 's two daughters both said in statements that their dad was a loving , kind man and defending QC Jonas Hankin said : ` This is a tragic case of a mercy killing . ' The prosecution then asked for the original charge of murder to be replaced by one of manslaughter by reason of diminished responsibility , to which Mann pleaded guilty . The judge , Mr Justice Haddon-Cave said : ` This is an exceptionally sad and tragic case . Janet Mann had suffered ill health for a number of years and her husband was her devoted and constant carer . ` She did not want to suffer any more and , under terrific strain , her husband acted in a moment of impulse . ' Mann pleaded guilty to a charge of manslaughter by reason of diminished responsibility at Leamington Justice Centre , pictured . The judge said he accepted the conclusions of two psychiatrists that , on the night of the killing , the defendant had been suffering a mental disorder , brought on by the ` enormous pressure ' he was under . Addressing Mann he added : ` Neither of your daughters bears any resentment towards you and each has expressed relief that their mother 's suffering has ended . ` You have been an industrious , hard-working man who has led an utterly decent life , devoted to your wife and family . ' In a statement issued through his solicitor at the end of the trial , Mann said : ` The family are all relieved that Janet is no longer suffering and I am grateful of their support throughout this difficult time . ` The end of Janet 's severe pain and distress is all that this case has been about . Janet was a very special lady and her family and friends all love and miss her greatly . '