In the final weeks before the general election , party leaders are pulling out all the stops to attract voters - but not everyone is impressed . On Wednesday , a six-year-old Boulton schoolgirl made headlines when she was seen plopping her head down on her book in apparent boredom as David Cameron tried to read with her . And the Prime Minister is n't the only politician guilty of causing kids to cringe ; Ed Miliband , Ed Balls and Nick Clegg have all been pictured sharing awkward moments with youngsters . Scroll down for video . David Cameron managed to thoroughly bore a schoolgirl while visiting a school in Bolton on Wednesday . The Prime Minister is n't the only politician who elicits funny reactions from kids . Labour leader Ed Miliband has also had his fair share of awkward moments . Shadow Chancellor Ed Balls fails to impress a young girl and her doll as they play make-believe . In 2011 , Labour leader Ed Miliband was pictured visiting a school , where he sat down on a pink sofa to chat with some young schoolgirls . But rather than engage with the children , Ed was snapped awkwardly sipping tea from his cup as the girls watched him and rolled their eyes . Shadow Chancellor Ed Balls likely had the best intentions when he sat down to play make-believe with a primary school youngster and her doll . But the girl could n't hide her boredom in a picture from the meeting , resting her chin in her hand as she looked wearily away from him . It looks like this little boy could n't more exhausted by George Osborne 's peppy demeanour . Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg is just trying to be one of the kids - but he does n't quite fit in . SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon looks a little out of her comfort zone as she tries her hand at video games . Gordon Brown looms rather scarily over a baby as she plays with toys . It seems the unrelenting enthusiasm of politicians is what annoys kids most . Indeed , one little boy in a photo from a school visit appeared desperate for a nap as George Osborne leaned over him , smiling brightly at the other pupils . And Nick Clegg did n't quite fit when he sat down at a table of school kids , who uniformly went about their business as he looked around at them , apparently trying to make friends . Former Prime Minister Gordon Brown did n't have much luck either when he got down on all fours to talk to a baby . These kids look less than pleased to be hanging out with William Hague . It looks as though the Leader of the House of Commons said something to upset this young artist . This young boy appears less than pleased to be holding hands with Ed Balls . It looks like Michael Howard has done something to seriously annoy the redheaded boy next to him . The Scot looked like more of a looming giant than a friendly face , his dark business suit contrasting with the rainbow carpet and toys on the floor . William Hague has been met with incredulity by children on multiple occasions . In one particularly funny photo , he is seen awkwardly looking over the shoulder of a student as her friend rolls her eyes , seemingly annoyed at his presence . In another , a boy looks downtrodden as the Leader of the House of Commons apparently scrutinises his drawing of a fox . Boris Johnson gives the thumbs-up at a school lunch as his fellow diners dutifully ignore him . Tony Blair sits in a corner near table of children as he awkwardly gestures with his sandwich in the air . A shocked girl gawps at David Laws as he assesses the school lunch options . A flabbergasted Ed Balls looks as though he has never seen coloured markers before .