Two hitmen associates of a ` Freddy Krueger ' killer who tried to gun down a rival during London 's bloodiest gang feud have been jailed for a total of 44 years today . Christopher Annan , 24 , and Tyrone Wright , 20 , took part in a gun attack on Tottenham Turks gang member Inan Eren . The 35-year-old victim , who survived , was ambushed as he arrived home on the evening of 30 December 2012 , shot three times in the arm , stomach and buttock . The attack was led by hitman Jamie Marsh-Smith , 23 , a fearsome hired gun who had earned the nickname ` Freddy ' after the Nightmare on Elm Street killer . Jamie Marsh-Smith -LRB- left -RRB- known as ` Freddy ' after the Nightmare on Elm Street character , executed gang boss Zafer Eren -LRB- right -RRB- . He also took part in the attack on Eren 's cousin Inan for which two men were jailed today . The deranged Freddy Krueger . Marsh-Smith got his nickname carrying out contract hits , including the failed one on Inan Eren on December 30 , 2012 . He was locked up for at least 38 years in July last year for the attack on Mr Eren , the murder of crime boss Zafer Eren , and a botched attempt to kill his own getaway driver Samuel Zerei , 22 . A jury at the Old Bailey this afternoon convicted Annan and Wright of attempted murder after a retrial . They both held their heads in their hands when the verdicts were announced , while cries of ` they are innocent ' rung out from the public gallery . Judge John Bevan QC sentenced both men at 2.15 pm . He blamed Wright 's parents as the two hitmen were jailed for the gun attack which has left victim Inan Eren permanently on crutches . Annan , the older of the pair , was jailed for 24 years with a five year period of extended licence . Wright , who was just 18 at the time of the shooting , was jailed for 20 years . ` It gives me no pleasure whatsoever to have to sentence young men such as yourselves for serious gun crime of this kind ' , said Judge Bevan . He said the ` medieval turf war ' between the two Turkish families had now reached ` epidemic proportions . ' ` It 's high time the two families and their connections realise the manipulative and lawless behaviour will have consequences beyond the normal level of punishment , ' the judge added . ` This was professional offending by a gang acting for profit as hitmen , of which Jamie Marsh-Smith was in charge and the leader . ' The judge said there had been 26 incidents in the drug war between the Tottenham Turks and the Hackney Turks since 2009 , including 19 where guns were used . Annan was jailed for three-and-a-half years in 2006 , when he was just 16 , for stabbing a boy who had punched him . He was jailed for three years in 2008 for dealing crack cocaine and heroin , and was also convicted of possession of heroin in 2012 . He was jailed for 38 years for the shooting of Inan Eren , the murder of his cousin and crime boss Zafer Eren and a botched attempt to kill his own getaway driver . Inan Eren had given evidence in court on crutches , and still has one of the bullets lodged in his body . He was gunned down by his front door as he desperately tried to get inside to escape the gunmen . ` I accept he thought he was going to die , and he was shot in the presence of his wife and child ' , said the judge . The judge added he could not be sure who the gunman was during the attack , but accepted Wright had played a lesser role as a junior member of the crew . Getaway driver Samuel Zerei was shot by Marsh-Smith because he feared he would ` blabber . Annan , of Denham Road , Whetstone , was told he will serve at least two thirds of his 24 year sentence before being released . Wright , of Lea Bridge Road , Leyton , was told by Judge Bevan : ` I feel sorry for you for the lack of parental discipline and guidance , which so many young men like you suffer . ' Relatives of the two men stood weeping outside the Old Bailey for over an hour after the pair were jailed . When jailing Marsh-Smith in July last year , Judge Bevan condemned both sides of the Turkish gang war that has claimed five lives since 2009 . ` The use of the streets of this city for the Turks to fight a medieval turf war over drug distribution , in this case using Afro-Caribbean males as hitmen , is as intolerable as it is unacceptable ' , he said . Today 's verdicts are the latest chapter in a ` bloody and lethal ' feud between the ` Tottenham Turks ' and the ` Hackney Turks ' criminal gangs in north London that has raged since 2009 . In March 2009 innocent shopkeeper Ahmet Paytak , 50 , was shot dead at Euro Food and Wines in Hornsey Road , Holloway , by Ricardo Dwyer , a hitman hired by the Hackney Turks . Dwyer , then 27 , was jailed for 32 years in December 2013 for the attack , which seriously wounded Mr Paytak 's son Huseyin , then 21 . On October 2 , 2009 , Tottenham Turk member Oktay Erbasli was shot and killed while driving in Tottenham . Three days later the Tottenham Turks took revenge with the shooting of 21-year-old Cem Duzgun at a social club frequented by Hackney Turk members in Upper Clapton Road . The feud continued with the murder of Ali Armagan , 32 , near Turnpike Lane tube station on February 1 , 2012 . Bungling hitman Ricardo Dwyer -LRB- left -RRB- shot dead innocent shopkeeper Ahmet Paytak , 50 , in March 2009 at Euro Food and Wines in Hornsey Road , Holloway . Then on the evening of December 30 , 2012 , Marsh-Smith , Annan and Wright shot Inan Eren as he arrived home . When Mr Eren survived the attack , the target shifted to his cousin Zafer Eren , another leading member of the Tottenham Turks . At 7.20 pm on April 18 , 2013 , Zafer was shot as he walked through the security gates to his home at Fontaine Court off Southgate High Street in north London . Marsh-Smith donned a V for Vendetta mask before firing seven shots from the pavement , three of which struck Mr Eren in the back . He then escaped in the back of a burgundy Peugeot 308 driven by Zerei . Four days after that attack , Marsh-Smith shot Zerei in Markfield Park , Tottenham because he feared he would ` blabber ' . Marsh-Smith , of Ennerdale House , Green Lanes , Manor House , north London , was convicted of murder and two counts of attempted murder . He was jailed for life with a minimum of 38 years . Zerei , of Hathersage Court , Newington Green , north London , was found guilty of murder and sentenced to life imprisonment with a minimum term of 28 years . Marsh-Smith 's half brother , Wayne McNeish , 32 , of West End Lane , West Hampstead , was jailed for four-and-a-half years in July for perverting the course of justice by helping Marsh-Smith to flee the country after the shootings .