It was loud all-night parties that eventually busted the secret stripper training school hiding inside a $ 2million 12,000 sq ft mansion next door to an exclusive gated community in Florida . The Egyptian-themed mansion , advertised as Pharaoh 's Palace on its website , promises a ` perfect private location ' on seven secluded acres in Tampa . An August 2014 adult-themed party dubbed ` Midsummer Night Wet Dream ' got the mansion , bought by Canadian millionaire Gordon Lownds , its first noise complaint . It was the loud all-night parties that eventually busted the secret stripper training school hiding inside Pharaoh 's Palace , a $ 2million mansion next door to an exclusive gated community in Tampa , Florida . The Egyptian-themed mansion promises a ` perfect private location ' on seven secluded acres on the Gulf Coast on its website advertisement . An August 2014 adult-themed party dubbed ` Midsummer Night Wet Dream ' got the mansion , bought by Canadian millionaire Gordon Lownds , its first noise complaint . Neighbor Ron Nagy had seen ads for the party and filed a complaint with the Hillsborough County Sheriff 's Office and Code Enforcement . ` This to me seems like there was an undercurrent of very sexually-related activities , ' Nagy told the Tampa Tribune . ` They 're gaming the system . ' After months of complaints both Lownds and Sean Grey , the mansion 's manager , got hit with code violations . Grey was also charged with violating the county 's noise ordinance , which was dismissed by a circuit judge on Monday . On its website , Pharaoh 's Palace was advertised as the ` perfect ' place for entertaining . Other ads on the internet said it was available for rent to producers for music videos , television and film , as well as event planners and professional photographers . But the mansion also became where Grey and Nicholas Worlds , a former adult-themed business investor , ran a modeling agency dubbed Pharaoh 's Daughters . On its website , Pharaoh 's Palace was advertised as the ` perfect ' place for entertaining . Other ads on the internet said it was available for rent to producers for music videos , television and film , as well as event planners and professional photographers . ` Turn your stripper job into a career in exotic dancing and achieve the elite lifestyle you deserve , ' the website promises . Pharaoh 's Daughters advertises itself as an agency that helps ` promising young strippers and exotic dancers ' find work ` in prestigious gentlemen 's clubs ' . It lists getting to live in the Tampa mansion as one of its perks , boasting a ` safe and secure residence ' . Pharaoh 's Mansion has six bedrooms within the house , as well as two in a guest house . It 's website also lists a spa room with a waterfall and massage area . There is also a ` harem room ' that includes a fully equipped wet bar and poker table , as well as a dance/fitness studio with two stripper poles and a parking garage that fits up to 40 cars . But the mansion also became where Sean Grey , its manager , and Nicholas Worlds , a former adult-themed business investor , ran a modeling agency dubbed Pharaoh 's Daughters . Pharaoh 's Daughters advertises itself as an agency that helps ` promising young strippers and exotic dancers ' find work ` in prestigious gentlemen 's clubs ' Lownds said he and some of his partners had planned to film a reality show at the mansion about the day-to-day lives of strippers . But he has since shut down the modeling school and stopped all commercial activity at the mansion , he told the Tampa Tribune . ` We are aware of what we are allowed to do and not to do , ' Lownds said . ` We are conforming with all the zoning requirements . ' The mansion was hit with five citations from Code Enforcement , including for holding special events in a residential zone and for operating special events without approval . But according to deputy Phil Acaba , who investigated the events , it was the parties that ended up shutting the mansion down . ` If they had flown under the radar , they 'd still be in business , ' he said . ` The noise was the issue that brought their downfall . ' Lownds said he and some of his partners planned to film a reality show at the mansion about the day-to-day lives of strippers . But he has since shut down the modeling school and stopped all commercial activity at the mansion .