Such is the global sporting fame of Andy Murray that guests attending the star 's wedding to Kim Sears this weekend might have wondered if they would be seated next to a famous face . Novak Djokovic perhaps ? Or fellow Scotsman Alex Ferguson ? The answer is a resounding ` not likely ' . When Murray , 27 , says ` I do ' with his long-term girlfriend , also 27 , on April 11 , the guests wishing them well in his hometown of Dunblane will be largely a gathering of close family and friends . Low-key : In spite of high profile friendships with the likes of James Corden , Andy Murray and bride-to-be , Kim Sears -LRB- pictured here when Murray received his OBE in 2013 -RRB- have n't invited many big names to attend their wedding in Dumblane this weekend . Matthew Williamson Wool Blend Dress in Black/White . Shop the current collection at Net-A-Porter ! Buy now . Kim Sears has perfected her pristine style over the years . She always looks incredible whether she 's cheering on Andy at Wimbledon or walking the red carpet at a glitzy event . She is renowned for championing British designers and has the ability to sell out items immediately after she 's worn them . Kim 's often seen sporting chic outfits from the likes of Whistles and Hobbs , but she really steps up her style game in high end designers like Victoria Beckham and Burberry when the occasion calls . This stunning fit-and-flare monochrome skater dress from celebrated British designer Matthew Williamson is certainly no exception . The super-stylish silhouette puts a bold spin on the traditional evening dress . Nipping in at the waist is the in shape this spring and it flatters all sizes . Unfortunately Kim 's style is from a previous season but click right to shop Matthew Williamson 's current collection . If you want to work the glamorous black and white look for less then see our similar styles below . Wear with black courts for a sophisticated nighttime look or tap into the grunge trend and dress yours down with biker boots and a luxe leather jacket . Either way , this is one wardrobe essential that will be in favor with the fashion pack for seasons to come ! Yumi Striped Skater Dress w / Contrast Belt at Zappos . Buy now . MICHAEL Michael Kors Vivid YD Stripe Printed Dress at Zappos . Buy now . American Apparel Houndstooth Ponte Sleeveless Skater Dress . Buy now . Charlotte Russe Striped Skater Dress with Pockets . Buy now . Murray 's status as one of the world 's best tennis players means he has mixed with everyone from A-list celebrities such as James Corden to the Prime Minister and even the Queen . But the biggest name likely to be in attendance at Dunblane Cathedral , where the couple are tying the knot , is one-time British tennis star Tim Henman . Indeed , when the sport 's world number one , Novak Djokovic , was asked by a journalist recently if he would be attending the celebration , he replied with a curt : ` Not invited ' , before following up with a more charitable : ` But I wish him all the best . ' As one of Murray 's fiercest rivals on the court , it 's not surprising Djokovic is n't at the top of the guest list but it seems that , unlike a lot of famous faces , the couple have taken a more low-key approach when it comes to who to invite . Murray has said : ` There wo n't be any celebrities as such . ` I do n't have any celebrity friends so it was n't something that was planned . ' -LSB- It 'll be -RSB- Everyone who we 're close to , people we 've spent a lot of time with in the past but also people we see ourselves spending time with in the future . ` That 's how we came up with the names . Pretty much everything is done now and under control . I 'm sure a few things will come up next week but it 's pretty much sorted . ' Who made the list ? British player Jamie Delgado -LRB- left -RRB- is a close friend of Murray 's but celebrity pals such as James Corden -LRB- right -RRB- , who admittedly may well have other fish to fry in the US , wo n't be attending . There will be names from the tennis world in attendance but certainly not players who are as well known as the likes of Nadal or Federer . Murray has invited Dutch doubles player Jules Rojer , who he spends time with while training in Miami and Davis Cup team mate James Ward . Another British pro Jamie Delgado will also attend . Bride-to-be Kim was spotted cheering on her fiancé this weekend as he battled Novak Djokovic in the men 's final at the Miami Open before the couple fly back to Scotland ahead of their nuptials . For the 27-year-old 's many fans and friends in the town , it means at least part of the wedding of the year will be a spectator sport , played out on the streets of the community . It is understood local residents and businesses urged the former Wimbledon champion to hold the April 11 service at the cathedral rather than at luxury hotel Cromlix House in nearby Kinbuck -- so they too could toast his big day . The reception will be held at Cromlix , which Murray owns . There 's a friendly rivalry on court between Andy Murray and tennis world number one Novak Djokovic but the Serbian wo n't be attending Murray 's nuptials this weekend . Lady in waiting : Kim Sears watched her husband-to-be lose to Novak Djokovic in the Miami Open in Key Biscayne , Florida last weekend . Hundreds of well-wishers are expected to welcome the couple as they arrive at Dunblane Cathedral , before Andy and Kim hold their wedding reception at luxury hotel Cromlix House . The 300-seat , 12th century cathedral is much bigger than the chapel at Cromlix , which seats only 28 . Thousands are expected to line Dunblane High Street on the day . Murray 's uncle Niall Erskine said : ` I 'm sure it will be a popular decision , as he 's had so much support from the people of Dunblane in the past . Andy has admitted that , food aside , he 's left much of the preparation for the big day to his betrothed : ` Kim 's been pretty much doing it ' ` I 've tried to help out when she has asked , but I have n't been over-involved . I did all the food and cake tasting which I really enjoyed , although I did n't think I was going to . He added : ` It 's a big day for Kim . Pretty much everything is taken care of now . She seems fairly relaxed but as we get closer that might change . '