Discount store Aldi 's astonishing success story continued yesterday as it overtook upmarket rival Waitrose to become the sixth biggest supermarket in Britain . The German discounter has won an increasing share of the market since the recession as cash-strapped families look for cheaper alternatives . It now lags behind only the ` big four ' -- Tesco , Asda , Sainsbury 's , Morrisons -- and the Co-operative . Growth : Discount chain Aldi now has a bigger market share than upmarket supermarket Waitrose . Major supermarkets have slashed prices in recent months to fend off competition from cut-price rivals such as Aldi and Lidl . Despite this Aldi has lifted its market share from 4.6 per cent to 5.3 per cent in the past three months . Waitrose has 5.1 per cent of the market , up from 5 per cent , according to consumer research firm Kantar Worldpanel . Lidl claimed recently that Britain 's middle classes had become the ` Lidl Classes ' after sales rose by a fifth in a year . But while Lidl remains eighth behind Waitrose , Aldi is now one of Britain 's mainstream supermarkets . Between January and the end of March , Aldi sales grew by 17 per cent from the same time a year earlier . This compares to 3 per cent growth for Waitrose , lifting its share of the market . The total market share of the ` big four ' fell below 73 per cent , the lowest for a decade . Aldi -- motto Spend a little . Live a lot -- stocks virtually all own-branded goods and offers a far smaller selection of goods . By contrast middle-class rival Waitrose , part of the John Lewis Partnership , focuses on customer service and high-quality produce . Increase : Consumer research firm Kantar Worldpanel said Aldi sales grew by 17 per cent from January and the end of March compared to the same time a year earlier , compared to 3 per cent growth for Waitrose . Aldi has 560 stores and hopes to double in size by 2022 . Yesterday , it announced it was opening nine more stores in London , creating up to 600 jobs . Kantar Worldpanel said Aldi had recorded double-digit growth for the past four years . More than half a million new shoppers visited the store in the three months to March 29 , compared to a year before . Lidl saw sales jump by almost 12 per cent over the period to secure a 3.7 per cent market share . This is some way off Tesco 's dominant 28.4 per cent share , followed by Asda at 17.1 per cent . But Fraser McKevitt , at Kantar Worldpanel , said the success of Aldi and Lidl meant the entire structure of the ` supermarket landscape ' was changing . The price war between upmarket retailers and discounters has led to significantly cheaper food . The Office for National Statistics says food prices fell by more than 3 per cent in February compared to a year earlier . Aldi began as a small food store opened by miner 's wife Anna Albrecht in the German town of Essen in 1914 to support the family when her husband became ill .