The mass brawl which broke out at a bar opening inside a Queens casino Friday night was allegedly caused by an argument in an enormous line for drinks . Hundreds of patrons hoping for an iced daiquiri at the debut of a Fat Tuesdays bar inside the Resort World Casino ended up at each other 's throats when the party went sour . According to a casino worker , the fighting goes back to two women who clashed during the long wait for alcohol , dragging their group of friends into the conflict . Scroll down for video . Chairs in the air : An enormous fight broke out at a bar opening at Resorts World casino in Queens , New York . Bar brawl : Video posted on twitter showed angry patrons attacking one another . The fisticuffs escalated , with guests grabbing chairs and poles to bring to the fray , as security guards rushed in to try to calm the brawlers down . Bystanders uploaded cell phone footage of the ugly brawl , which broke out around 10.30 pm , to social media . Running gangs of fighters can be seen storming through the halls of the casino , shouting profanities at one another . A witness , Elize Brown , told CBS2 New York : ` It was chairs flying everywhere -- it was chaotic . ` It was nerve-wracking . It was like you do n't know what the next thing that was going to happen was . ' According to the New York Post , three men were arrested in the aftermath of the brawl , which injured four security guards and a police officer . Andrew Rivers and Jovan Bovell , both 23 , were charged with disorderly conduct . Fists flying : Huge crowds of people went at one another using their fists , or even casino props , to hurt one another . Bovell was also charged with resisting arrest , while Marcus Stewart , 30 , was issued two summonses for disorderly conduct . Several of those involved were taken to hospital to be treated for their injuries . Ambulances were pictured gathered outside the scene of the fight late Friday night . Resorts World pledged to increase security and work with police to prevent a second round . A spokesman said : ` There is absolutely no room for this kind of behavior at our facility ' . The damage from the fight is thought to top $ 4,000 . Scene : The fisticuffs took place at Resorts World Casino , near JFK airport in Queens , New York .