Everyone has parts of their body they would like to change but how much would you pay - and how much pain would you be willing to go through - to be rid of your hang up ? It 's a question explored by BBC documentary Inside Harley Street which interviews some of the patients paying thousands for private cosmetic treatments . Harley Street is in an affluent part of London and it 's famed for attracting business from those who do n't have to consider the cost . Scroll down for video . Michael Pulman , 33 , a care worker from Walsall , spent £ 7,500 on a hair transplant to boost his self-esteem . But for some of the customers who show up at the clinics on the street , like Michael Pulman , 33 , a care worker from Walsall , the money is a lot to spend in the hope it will turn their lives around . Michael , has spent £ 7,500 on a hair transplant which he believes will boost his self-esteem and happiness . His mother , Joy , who never spends money on herself and wears £ 5.99 shoes from Oxfam , is amazed her son is prepared to spend so much on changing his appearance . She points out that he could go on a luxury holiday for the next seven years for the same price . But Michael said of the treatment : ` It will make me feel more complete . It is a lot of money but this means a lot to me , good holidays come and go but this will last a lifetime and make me a happier more confident person . ' Joy , however , is worried that her son , a divorced father of two , is pinning too much on the hair transplant changing his fortunes of her son . She said : ` I 'm just worried he will be disappointed . He 's pinned so much on this , he has looked forward it to , I think he feels his life will change dramatically . ' Andrea Carter , 72 , from Leighton Buzzard , has her baggy jowls removed . Another person keen to boost their self-esteem via a Harley Street surgeon is Emma Tallon , 27 . She paid £ 3,100 for liposuction on her thighs , which she feels are too big . She 's felt self conscious about them for ten years . She said : ` I just want to feel normal , to feel like a normal shape and do things without thinking about it all the time . ' Of the price she is paying to have the body she wants , she said : ` It is expensive . I am pretty comfortable but it 's a lot of money . I think it 's a price worth paying . ' Following the procedure , Emma said she had no regrets but the operation was ` a lot harder than I thought it was be ' . She said : ` My legs were black and swollen for weeks , at first I felt like my legs were going to explode . ` I have n't had regrets but I did n't realise how much it takes a toll on your body . ' Also featured on the show is Andrea Carter , 72 , from Leighton Buzzard , who has had a number of cosmetic treatments over the years - and was n't even put off going under the knife after a botched tummy tuck in Latvia which she admitted ` almost killed me ' . Over the years , she 's also had a boob job , face lift , liposuction and work on her eyes and nose . Now she wants another face lift costing thousands of pounds to rid herself of her baggy jowls . When asked by her surgeon if she understood the risk of surgery - and whether she thought it was worth taking for a cosmetic procedure - she said : ` It 's an operation but what the heck , I just want that to go away -LRB- referring to the baggy skin below her neck -RRB- . I want to have my chin back ' Her husband Nick adds : If that 's what she wants I 'll support her . ' But after the costly treatment , he admits that he ca n't tell the difference in his wife 's profile . ` I 'm not very observant , I ca n't see the change but if she can I 'm happy , ' he said . Inside Harley Street : Episode 2 : Make Me Beautiful is on BBC Two Monday at 9 pm .