Kingsholm transformed into the House of Fun on Saturday night as Gloucester beat Exeter to set up a Challenge Cup final against Edinburgh . The Cherry and Whites delivered their most complete performance of the campaign to earn a place at the Twickenham Stoop - where they will compete for their first European title since 2006 . Victory in the capital would also earn the West Country side a home play-off spot for next season 's Champions Cup -- however they would be forced to find an alternative venue for the fixture because of a pre-arranged Madness concert in front of The Shed . Gloucester centre Bill Meakes celebrates after he scored the opening try for his side at Kingsholm . Gloucester lock Mariano Galarza wins a lineout as his pack look to set up another attack . ` It 's going to be a huge final , ' said Gloucester director of rugby David Humphreys . ` It gives us the opportunity to take something meaningful from the season . ' It was a season-defining night for Gloucester , whose mediocre Aviva Premiership campaign has fizzled out . They played with intent and purpose , establishing a foothold at the scrum to supplement their hard running around the corner . But they were unable to capitalise on early territory , drawing 3-3 after half an hour . Greig Laidlaw had opened the scoring and -- to the tune of ` cheat , cheat , cheat ' after he craftily moved his kicking tee closer to the posts -- Henry Slade levelled from 40 metres . Cherry and Whites flanker Sione Kalamafoni is tackled by Chiefs openside Kai Horstmann . Gloucester loose-head Nick Wood managed to get underneath Anglo-Welsh prop Tomas Francis , who was so impressive against Northampton , to establish scrum dominamce . Enjoying territory and possession , Bill Meakes scored off a deft grubber kick from James Hook , with further penalties putting the hosts 13-6 up at half-time . Jack Nowell suffered a nasty gash through his scrum cap -- adding to recent debate about the effectiveness of protective headgear -- and his side edged back with six more points from Slade 's boot . But Gloucester responded with a short-range try from Tom Savage and another penalty from Laidlaw . Elvis Taione and Jonny May exchanged further tries but -- with the game finishing well into Saturday night because of the late kick-off -- it was Gloucester who were left to enjoy the party . Exeter flanker Dave Ewers takes on Gloucester 's Matt Kvesic -LRB- left -RRB- and Greig Laidlaw .