Ronald Koeman held a meeting with Southampton 's players to refocus their minds on European qualification after Victor Wanyama 's future came under question . This weekend is arguably Saints ' biggest match of their season , with former manager Mauricio Pochettino returning to St Mary 's for the first time since leaving for Tottenham in the summer . Just a point and a place separate Koeman 's men from Spurs in sixth , although this season 's surprise success has brought with it speculation that players will exit much like last summer . Ronald Koeman held a meeting with Southampton 's players to refocus their minds on European qualification . Victor Wanyama 's future came under question after an interview where he seemed to hint at move to Arsenal . Morgan Schneiderlin , Nathaniel Clyne and Jay Rodriguez have all been linked with a move away , while Wanyama was quoted on Thursday claiming Arsenal were interested in his services . The Kenyan denied making those comments in subsequently deleted Twitter posts - an incident which proved the catalyst to Koeman sitting his squad down on Thursday morning . ` I spoke to Victor this morning , ' Koeman said . ` We had a meeting with all the players because what we need is now to really have the focus on the last five games . We play for a European position on the table . ` We have a massive game this Saturday and no interest in talking about rumours in the press about future and contracts and have the focus on the football side . ` That 's difficult but it 's not true what they put in the press and I believe the player . Koeman spoke to Wanyama and his other players to refocus them on the last five Premier League games . Morgan Schneiderlin has been linked with moves to Arsenal and Tottenham in another Saints firesale . ` It 's a good signal for everybody that we have to be focused to the football side and not about the contracts . I do not answer any more questions about player 's contracts and the focus on the last five games . ' Koeman called the Wanyama story ` bulls *** ' in a separate interview and the midfielder later posted on Twitter to clarify the situation . ` Sorry - was caught off guard this morning about a story that I had n't read , ' he said . ` To put it straight : We all respect Arsenal but right now I 'm only focussed on helping Saints to have a strong finish to the season . Manchester United are said to be interested in signing Southampton 's English right back Nathaniel Clyne . ` The newspaper article does not say that I have spoken to Wenger or anyone else from Arsenal - and that 's the truth . ` We are doing so well and what other managers think of me as a player is totally out of my control . ' Wanyama is one of a number of players to have spoken about their future in recent months , with such comments becoming increasingly regular as the season comes to a close . A week does not go by without Koeman having to field questions about the future of his players and that is something he says has to stop . Jay Rodriguez is still not back from a year-long injury lay-off but he has been linked to Manchester City . ` It 's not a lot about the players but in my case as well because I have always to answer questions about Schneiderlin , about Clyne , about the future of the players , ' he said . ` I think now is the moment to really focus on what we have to do which is to win the games and not about future of players . ` If I keep going talking about future of players , it 's easy for the players to do the same and we said together we need to be focused on the football side and we do n't need to talk about the other side . '