A small piece of glass was discovered in a Beech Nut-Nutrition baby food jar by a consumer - and now , the company is recalling 1,920 pounds of the product . The United States Department of Agriculture 's Food Safety and Inspection Service -LRB- FSIS -RRB- revealed the recall on Tuesday . The type of baby food being recalled is ` Stage 2 Beech-Nut CLASSICS sweet potato & chicken , ' which is sold in 4-ounce glass jars , the federal agency said in a news release . Recall : Beech-Nut Nutrition says jars part of the recall have the numbers ' 12395750815 ' to ' 12395750821 , ' with December 2016 expiration dates . Stores across the country were shipped the jars now being recalled , according to FSIS . The agency said ` The company has received a report of an oral injury associated with consumption of these products . FSIS has received no additional reports of injury or illness from consumption of these products . ' Jars with the product numbers ' 12395750815 ' and ending at ' 12395750821 ' are being recalled , all of which have the establishment number ` P-68A . ' The baby food jars fall under a Class I recall , which the FSIS describes as ` a health hazard situation where there is a reasonable probability that the use of the product will cause serious , adverse health consequences or death . ' Beech-Nut Nutrition said in a statement ` We have initiated a voluntary recall for our Classics Stage 2 Sweet Potato & Chicken following a single report of a small glass piece found in a jar of the product . ' Customers can be refunded or receive an exchange by returning the jars to their place of purchase , the company said . ` The quality and safety of our products is our number one priority , ' Beech-Nut Nutrition said . ` We know we have not met the expectations of parents who rely on Beech-Nut for quality nutrition for their babies and toddlers in this case , and for that we apologize . ' For questions regarding the recall , you can reach the Beech-Nut Nutrition Consumer Hotline by dialing 866-674-4446 . Scare : A small piece of glass was discovered in a Beech Nut-Nutrition baby food jar by a consumer , the Food Safety and Inspection Service said -LRB- file photo -RRB- .