Chaos erupted at an Easter egg hunt in Sacramento when adults launched in trying to grab sweets for their children . The event was an attempt at breaking the record for the world 's biggest , with 500,000 eggs laid out for thousands of youngsters . But it descended into mayhem as parents raced into the field armed with baskets of their own . SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . Chaos : An attempt at the world 's biggest Easter egg hunt in Sacramento became shambolic on Sunday . Mayhem : Children as young as two were pushed to the ground as adults invaded the children-only event . ` There was no organization at all , they all trampled each other . Little two - and three-year-olds were crying . ` The parents were scooping up all of the eggs for their older kids and it was horrible , ' mother Tessa Moon told CBS . Another mother , Kori Houser , told Sacramento Bee her toddler Chase only got three eggs : ` It was crazy . Adults were trampling over us . ' Footage of the hunt , which did not break the world record because they missed the deadline to apply , shows children as young as two being squashed by teenagers and adults weave between them picking up candy . According to Sacramento Bee , toddlers were seen crying and parents were being pushed around in the calamity . Eventually , the paper reported , a screaming match broke out between parents . Enraged parents said older children were rushing around to snap up candy meant for youngsters . The event , which did not break the world record , was raising money for victims of human trafficking . Children were presented with 500,000 eggs on the Capitol Mall lawn on Sunday . Divided : Some families left half-way through to escape the chaos . However , the organizers urged people to remember the reason for the event : to raise money for survivors of human trafficking . They spent $ 10,000 transporting 510,000 plastic eggs from Florida . Children raced to collect as many as they could , and later exchanged them for candy . A VIP off-shoot of the event featured some plastic eggs stuffed with food vouchers . It cost $ 20 to take part . ` We 're doing this to raise awareness for Blue Heart International the nonprofit my wife and I started , ' Blake McCall , founder of Blue Heart International , told CBS . ` We 're really passionate about helping children rescued out of human trafficking in our community . ' Organizers reminded people the event was planned for a good cause .