Back in January 2012 Chelsea took three promising young boys , all brothers , from their home in Graham Gardens , Luton , after watching them beat the mighty Bayern Munich in a youth tournament . There was a bit of a fuss made of the move at the time , with brothers Jay , plus twins Cole and Rio , compared with the trio of Wallace siblings who created history when they played together in a first-team game for Southampton against Sheffield Wednesday on October 22 , 1988 . On Wednesday , Jay Dasilva , the eldest of the three children , who left Luton Town 's academy to make the 100-mile round trip , three or fours times a week , in their mum Alison 's Rover to Chelsea 's Cobham training base , turns 17 . He is earmarked first team potential . Chelsea 's kids have been buoyed by Jose Mourinho 's insistence on promoting young players at the club . Dominic Solanke -LRB- right -RRB- celebrates scoring in the FA Youth Cup final first leg victory over Manchester City . In an environment where the competition is fierce and the temptation is to spend big in the transfer market , Jose Mourinho made the surprise announcement that he will promote one of Chelsea 's youngsters next season . Ruben Loftus-Cheek , a powerful , muscular presence in Chelsea 's development teams , will be with the first-team squad at the start of pre-season . Those with an intimate knowledge of Jay Dasilva 's progress at Chelsea over the past three seasons believe this first-year scholar is not far behind . A week ago Dasilva returned to the national conscience when Ian Wright claimed he was ` better than any other Premier League left back ' after Chelsea became UEFA youth champions in Switzerland . Among a group of players that includes Leighton Baines , Kieran Gibbs and Luke Shaw , at England level alone , plus Chelsea 's first-choice left back Cesar Azpilicueta , it was certainly an audacious claim by the former Arsenal striker . John Terry is the last player to come through Chelsea 's youth ranks and become a first-team regular . Terry broke into the Chelsea team in 1999 , but the club has been unable to unearth a stellar talent since . He moved through the junior teams at pace , settling at left back after spells as a winger , and is one of the most level-headed young players at the club . At his old school in Luton , he was head boy . When he travelled to Paphos , Cyprus , for a European Championship qualifier with England last October , he revealed that one of his motivations was to stay ahead of his kid brothers in the family pecking order . ` They keep me on my toes and they 're after me , so I need to keep working hard to stay ahead of them , ' he admitted . ` It 's great to have all three of us at Chelsea . We have played together since we were young , so hopefully that will happen at senior level one day . ' They are a remarkable football family , with dad Trevor well known in the parks game in Luton . His eldest son Ryan was a professional with Luton . Jay Dasilva is a promising young player on the Blues ' books , along with two of his brothers . The young left back is forging a bright reputation for himself and was recently hailed as a star by Ian Wright . Dasilva beats Norwich 's Reece Hall-Johnson to the ball during a Premier League International Cup match . Last week he was in Nyon , Switzerland , joining in with his team-mates when they poured a bucket of ice over their coach Adrian Viveash as Chelsea 's Under 19 team celebrated becoming UEFA Youth League Champions . At the time of the final , which Chelsea won 3-2 against Shakhtar Donetsk , after beating Roma 4-0 in the semi-final , the defender was playing three years up on his age group . He is a big talent . On Monday evening he returned to Chelsea 's Under 18 side , playing left back as they won the first leg of the Youth Cup final against Manchester City at the Etihad Campus 3-1 . Last year , when he had only just turned 16 , the academy scholar scored in the thrilling 7-6 aggregate victory in the FA Youth Cup triumph over Fulham . Despite the progress of Dasilva , along with many other young players in Chelsea 's lavish academy system , there is a good deal of scepticism about their chances of making the first team . Two years ago Nathaniel Chalobah was regarded among the most talented teenagers in the country when he spent a season on loan with Watford in the Championship . Mourinho , who was about to quit Real Madrid to return to Chelsea , was compelled to make a flying visit to England to watch Chalobah in the Championship play-off final against Crystal Palace in 2013 . Ruben Loftus-Cheek has been guaranteed a chance to make his mark in the Chelsea first-team squad . But Nathaniel Chalobah -LRB- centre -RRB- shows that Chelsea 's young players must take their chance when it comes . Chalobah was the big hope at Chelsea 's academy , but he did not shine when Mourinho made a special trip to watch him when he played for Watford in the Championship play-off final -LRB- right -RRB- . Now he is on loan at Reading . On the big day Chalobah disappointed , missing an opportunity to make an impression on the incoming Chelsea manager before his return to English football had been officially confirmed . Chalobah had been the big hope in academy circles , the one player Chelsea 's academy director Neil Bath hoped could break the run , stretching back to 1999 , since a youth-team graduate became a first-team regular . They need no reminders that man was captain John Terry . Still , it is also something of a myth that Mourinho will not give youth a chance because he won the 2004 Champions League final with Porto by playing three players from the club 's academy system . Goalkeeper Vitor Baia , central defender Ricardo Carvalho and his partner at the back Jorge Costa had all progressed through the youth ranks at Estadio do Dragao . The challenge for Dasilva next season , when he becomes a second-year scholar , is to prove to the manager that he can take his chance during impromptu training sessions with the first team . Azpilicueta and Filipe Luis are the established left backs in the squad , fighting it out for a starting position each week in Chelsea 's first team . As every player at Chelsea soon discovers , they can not be around forever .