Ander Herrera says he bares his full name on the back of his shirt for superstitious reasons following his spell at Athletic Bilbao . In a short q & short video posted on the club 's Facebook page on Tuesday morning , the Manchester United midfielder revealed that he wears both his forename and surname in order to carry on his form that earned him the move to the English giants last summer . Herrera joined the Red Devils for £ 29million following a relatively successful three-year period at Bilbao where he reached the Copa del Rey and the Europa League finals in his debut season at the club in 2011-12 . Ander Herrera says he bares his forename and surname on the back of shirt for supersitution . The Manchester United -LRB- right -RRB- midfielder cites his reasons following a good spell at Athletic Bilbao . Herrera -LRB- left -RRB- reached the Copa del Rey and the Europa League finals in his debut season at Bilbao in 2011-12 . ` I 'm superstitious . I started using Ander Herrera from Athletic -LSB- Bilbao -RSB- three years ago and I think I had a very good three years in Bilbao so I wanted to keep using that , ' he answered following a supporter 's question . After a stop-start beginning to life at Old Trafford , Herrera has forced his way into Louis van Gaal 's starting line-up with a series of impressive displays that have coincided with the club 's upturn in results . The 25-year-old took his tally to seven goals in all competitions this season with his double as United won 3-1 at home to Aston Villa in the Premier League on Saturday . Herrera 's celebrations were both met with so much emotion - something the Spaniard has admitted it 's not uncommon to him in the past . And adding in the q & a video , he hopes to show a lot more emotion as united target silverware in the future . ` victory win , every victory make me happy but I hope the most emotional moments are coming I 'm sure of that because I 'm at Manchester United , ' he said . The 25-year-old -LRB- left -RRB- was on target twice as United beat Aston Villa in the Premier League on Saturday .