The devastated parents of a nursing student whose body was found on a farm north of Glasgow have joined hundreds of mourners at a vigil . Karen Buckley vanished after a night out in the city at the weekend , sparking a four-day police search which yesterday found her body at High Craigton Farm . About 300 people - including the 24-year-old 's mother and father Marian and John , and their son Kieran - attended a memorial at Glasgow 's George Square today . A man , believed to be 21-year-old Alexander Pacteau , has been arrested in connection with Miss Buckley 's death . He made a brief appearance in a private hearing at Glasgow Sheriff Court today . Scroll down for video . Grief stricken Marian and John Buckley -LRB- right -RRB- today joined hundreds of mourners at a vigil held in memory of their daughter Karen . Their son Kieran is pictured left . Miss Buckley was found dead on a farm north of Glasgow after going missing from a nightclub in the city . Miss Buckley 's parents Marian and John -LRB- pictured -RRB- and two of her brothers arrived in George Square and looked at the tributes . A security van arrives at Glasgow Sheriff Court ahead of a court appearance by a 21-year-old charged with Miss Buckley 's murder . Tearful friends , family and colleagues of the popular student laid flowers and left messages of condolence . At the vigil this afternoon , many brought flowers and candles to lay in the square . Cards and messages were also left , with people expressing their grief . A piper played as mourners laid flowers and others sang Scottish and Irish songs before a minute 's silence was held . Towards the end of the vigil , Miss Buckley 's parents Marian and John and two of her brothers arrived in George Square and looked at the tributes . Marian Buckley hugged husband John as they read messages of sorrow and support for the family . Glasgow Caledonian University -LRB- GCU -RRB- - where Miss Buckley was studying occupational health - was well represented , with many young people in attendance wearing GCU tracksuits and jumpers . The vigil was organised by former Scottish Socialist politician Rosie Kane . She said : ` I do n't want to be here , that 's the first thing I need to say . Kieran Buckley , Karen 's brother , is comforted by one of the many people who attended the vigil today . Karen 's grief stricken mother Marian -LRB- pictured in the white and blue coat -RRB- embraces another mourner at the memorial . Show of support : Around 300 people gathered for a vigil in Glasgow today in memory of 24-year-old Karen Buckley . Four women embrace in George Square where hundreds of mourners gathered today for a silent vigil . ` It seems that everyone has been devastated but we want to support Karen 's family and show them the best side of the city . We 're trying to make something beautiful from that horrible , horrible grief . ` There have been some songs from Scotland and Ireland and people have brought flowers and candles . ` We also had a moment 's silence to think about Karen 's life , what we knew of her , about her family and to wish them the best . ' The case has touched many people in Scotland and Ireland , with services held in Miss Buckley 's home town of Cork earlier this week . Barry Ahearn , who is originally from Cork but now lives in Scotland , travelled from his home in Ayr to pay his respects to Miss Buckley in George Square . As organisers appealed for anyone who wanted to address the large crowd , Mr Ahearn sang a local Cork song . He said : ` I 've been living in Scotland for the last four years and wanted to come today to show solidarity and support for Karen 's family . A tearful woman is comforted by a man as crowds gathered to remember the nursing student . Karen Buckley vanished after a night out in the city at the weekend , sparking a four-day police search . A woman crouches down next to some of the many flowers and messages left in George Square during the vigil . A piper played as mourners laid flowers and others sang Scottish and Irish songs before a minute 's silence was held . ` I sang On The Banks On My Own Lovely Lee - it 's the river that runs through Cork and is the local anthem . ` The whole situation is so sad , particularly when you 're living in Scotland and something like this happens to someone from your own country . It just does n't fit , it 's so sad . '' His wife Maura said : ` It has really touched us this week , it 's so sad and we all feel it very much . ` There 's a great number of people here tonight who I 'm sure feel the same and we just want to rally round the Buckley family . ' Flowers and messages have also been left at the GCU campus and at the entrance to High Craigton Farm , to the north of Glasgow , where the student 's body was found . Flowers , cards and messages were also left as people expressed their grief during the vigil today . Tearful mourners huddled together as they paid their respects at the vigil today . Two women wipe away tears as they take part in the memorial . Ms Buckley moved to Scotland in February and was a first-year occupational therapy student at Glasgow Caledonian University . Politicians took time out of campaigning earlier today to offer their condolences to the Buckley family . Scotland 's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon said : ` My thoughts are very much with the family and friends of Karen Buckley . ' Jim Murphy began Labour 's Scottish manifesto launch in Glasgow by saying : ` My thoughts and the thoughts of everyone in the room go out to Karen 's family . None of us can in anyway imagine the pain and horror that they are going through . ` Glasgow and Scotland stands with you . ' Former colleagues and friends in her hometown in County Cork , Ireland today remembered the ` beautiful , smiling ' 24-year-old who was dedicated to helping the injured and sick . Her father , John , said yesterday that he , Miss Buckley 's mother Marian and her brothers Brendan , Kieran , and Damian are ` absolutely heartbroken ' . Friends and family have paid tribute to Karen Buckley - pictured with her brothers -LRB- l-r -RRB- Brendan , Damien and Kieran - after a four-day police search found her body yesterday . Her body was found at High Craigton farm after a huge search was launched to find her earlier this week . Miss Buckley 's former supervisor at the Hibernian Hotel in the town of Mallow told the Irish Independent : ` She was always smiling , no matter how hard the work . She could never do enough to help you . ' Karen 's former school principal , Susan O'Keefe , said : ` She was a beautiful girl and she was a great pupil . ` It 's sad . We are here on a fine summer 's day but Karen is not . We 're all just the worse off for such a lovely person been taken from us , and for everyone in this community , it is a shocking tragedy . ' Karen was a ` great all-rounder ' , participating in ladies ' football with Clyda Rovers and athletics with her school in Analeetha , Ms O'Keefe added . ` At that time we were a much smaller school then we are now , so we were just like a big family . It is a big blow . ' Yvonne Bane , the principal at Miss Buckley 's former school in Mallow added : ` The community in St Mary 's Secondary School is united in grief at the sad news concerning Karen Buckley , a former student of our school who completed her Leaving Certificate here in 2009 . ` A prayer service took place in the school this morning , with all students and staff of St. Mary 's Secondary School in attendance . We offered prayers for Karen and her family at this difficult time . Police initially searched a park in Glasgow , but attention later switched to the farm six miles from her home . Floral tributes were left at the scene after her family told of their ` absolute heartbreak ' at her death . A vigil will be held in Glasgow today as friends and family tell of their shock at this week 's events . ` The school community have been sharing warm memories of our beautiful , former student over the last number of days . ' And a spokeswoman for the University of Limerick , where Karen studied nursing , said : ` Karen was a very valued member of the UL Community as well as the wider nursing and medical communities in Limerick , having spent time working in both the University Hospital Limerick and the University Maternity Hospital . ` The thoughts of the entire UL community are with her parents and family and her wide circle of friends as well as her UL classmates and medical colleagues . ' A 21-year-old man was arrested in connection with Ms Buckley 's death yesterday . He made a brief appearance in a private hearing at Glasgow Sheriff Court today . Friends of Ms Buckley raised the alarm on Sunday morning when she failed to return from a night out at The Sanctuary in the west end of Glasgow . The search led police to Dawsholm Park , where Ms Buckley 's handbag was found on Tuesday , and a property in the city 's Dorchester Avenue , before the farm where the discovery was made . Ms Buckley moved to Scotland in February and was a first-year occupational therapy student at Glasgow Caledonian University . Miss Buckley 's parents , Marian and John , came from Ireland to help the search for their ` cherished ' daughter . Miss Buckley grew up in the town of Mallow , County Cork , whose residents expressed shock at her death . Her family , who travelled to Scotland on Tuesday , have said they are ` absolutely heartbroken ' . Her father John Buckley , 62 , said she was an outgoing girl who ` thoroughly enjoyed life ' . He released a statement through Police Scotland which read : ` Marian and I , together with our sons Brendan , Kieran , and Damian are absolutely heartbroken . Karen was our only daughter , cherished by her family and loved by her friends . ` She was an outgoing girl who travelled the world , where she met lots of people and thoroughly enjoyed her life . We will miss her terribly . ' More than £ 50,000 has been raised to support the Buckley family in an online drive organised by her former classmates at Limerick University . The 24-hour appeal closed last night after reaching £ 50,001 - ten times the initial target of £ 5,000 . The Go Fund Me page was set up to cover the family 's travel and expenses while in Scotland and to support the upkeep of their farm in Cork . Karen went missing from the Sanctuary nightclub not far from her home . Police initially searched a park in north-west Glasgow before switching their attention to a golf course and farm outside the city . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .