When President Obama met Usain Bolt he could not resist joining the world-class sprinter in striking his trademark ` lightning pose ' . During the encounter on Thursday , Obama spoke about the six-time Olympic champion saying ` Nobody 's ever been faster than this guy . Ever ... of all the billions of people . ' He then told Bolt ` Wait , wait should we get a pose here ? Come on man show me ' before the pair busted out in the sprinter 's signature pose for cameras . Scroll down for video . When President Obama -LRB- right -RRB- met Usain Bolt -LRB- left -RRB- he could not resist joining the world-class sprinter in striking his trademark ` lightning pose ' Before striking Bolt 's signature pose , Obama praised him saying that ` nobody 's ever been faster ' Bolt posted the video of him with Obama to his Instagram account on Friday and said that he was honored to have met the U.S. president . ` What can I say . . It was truly a great honour meeting the President of United States of America , ' he wrote . Crowds across Jamaica cheered for President Obama on Thursday as he made multiple stops and became the first American president to visit the island nation since President Ronald Reagan in 1982 . Bolt wrote on Instagram that it was ` truly a great honor ' to meet the U.S. president . Obama asked the six-time Olympic champion to show him the pose before joining him in his signature pose . The world-class sprinter 's lightning pose has become a trademark -LRB- above Bolt celebrates winning gold in the Mens 4x100 meter relay final in 2014 -RRB- . While speaking at a town hall meeting with young leaders at the University of the West Indies in Kingston , he brought the audience to laughter when he gave a special mention to Bolt and triple-world champion , Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce . He said : ` I get a chance to say hi to Usain Bolt and Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce . When you have the fastest people on the planet , you got ta say hi to them right ? Cause that 's fast . ` There are a lot of people out there . And they 're the fastest . ' On Thursday during a town hall meeting in Kingston , Jamaica , Obama brought the audience to laughter when he gave a special mention to Bolt -LRB- left -RRB- and triple-world champion Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce -LRB- right -RRB- . Crowds across Jamaica cheered for President Obama on Thursday as he made multiple stops and became the first American president to visit the island nation since President Ronald Reagan in 1982 -LRB- above Obama speaking at the University of the West Indies -RRB- . During his visit , Jamaican Prime Minister Portia Simpson-Miller -LRB- pictured right with Obama -RRB- told Obama that he is well-loved in Jamaica . During his visit , it seems no one was more excited , or starstruck , than Jamaican Prime Minister Portia Simpson-Miller . ` I just want to say to you , you might not know , but you are very loved in this country , ' Prime Minster Simpson Miller told President Obama . ` So I just wanted to say you 're well-loved in Jamaica . Well , first of all I can say to you publicly , ` I love you . '' Simpson Miller said she hoped Obama understood how important his visit is to Jamaica . ` It is a great pleasure to visit Jamaica , known for its beauty and the extraordinary spirit of its people , ' Obama wrote as he signed the guest book at Jamaica House , where the prime minister and her staff have offices . ` May the deep and abiding friendships between our nations continue for generations to come . '