All hungry Leo wanted was one of his dog biscuits to chew on . Instead the Staffordshire-Boxer cross ended up nearly burning the house down and killing his owner 's son . The dog caused a severe fire after managing to switch on the cooker while trying to reach his dog treats . The heat from one of the hob 's rings set fire to a child 's seat that had been left resting on the electric appliance . Fire starter : Hungry Leo almost burned down his owner 's home as he hunted for his dog treats . The blaze was started after the Staffordshire-Boxer cross was believed to have knocked one of the cooker knobs , switching on the hob . Smoke began to fill the three storey home in Peckham , south-east London , as owner Allen Mosey 's son , 21 , and his daughter 's boyfriend relaxed in upstairs rooms . The pair managed to flee unharmed with Leo after noticing thick black smoke billowing up the stairs . More than 10 firefighters were needed to extinguish the flames . A search of the house later revealed that the source of fire was the cooker . Firefighters believe that when Leo was hunting for food he knocked one of the cooker 's knobs , turning the rings on . The blaze damaged one third of the ground floor of the property and Leo 's family have been left surviving on sandwiches . ` You would n't think butter would melt in his mouth to look at him , ' Mr Mosey , 67 , told the Southwark News . ` He 's the most docile dog you could think of . ' The charred remains of a car seat that had been left on the hob , which caught fire . Leo 's owner Allen Mosey examines the damage caused to his home by the fire in Peckham , south-east London . Allen and his wife Jean were out shopping when the blaze started . Mrs Mosey , 47 , confessed that she often left things on the cooker when it was switched off . She said that despite Leo almost burning down the house the family still love him , but he will be locked out of their new kitchen . A London Fire Brigade spokesperson said : ` We 're naturally extremely pleased that no one was injured in this fire and while unusual , it 's not unheard of for our crews to deal with incidents like this . ` It shows just how important it is to keep pets away from naked flames or cooker controls and to make sure kitchen surfaces and cookers are clear of food and other items that can easily catch fire . '