An Air Canada flight from Germany to Toronto was forced to divert to Shannon Airport in Ireland last night after an 87-year-old woman caused a disturbance on board . The pensioner , who was travelling in First Class on board the Boeing 777-300 jet , was allegedly restrained by cabin crew until the plane was forced into the unplanned landing . The flight crew alerted the pilot , who put a call in to the Irish Aviation Authority 's -LRB- IAA -RRB- North Atlantic Communications Service centre at Ballygirreen in Co Clare , who advised to land at Shannon . An 87-year-old woman caused a disturbance on board an Air Canada flight from Germany to Toronto that forced a diversion to Shannon Airport . On touching down at around 8.15 pm local time , Gardaí and airport police officers were standing by , and the woman was taken into custody . MailOnline Travel have been advised by Irish police that the woman has since been released without charge , and she will be undergoing a ` fit-to-fly - screening in the hope of continuing her journey . There is no indication from the police as to the actions of the woman on board at this time . The decision was taken to divert when the Air Canada flight ACA-877 was around 600 miles north west of Shannon , and the plane , carrying 211 passengers , turned around . The Irish Times report that ` airport emergency services were standing by at strategic locations along the runway so that they could follow the aircraft once it had landed . ' On touching down at Shannon Airport , the elderly woman was met by Irish police and taken into custody . As expected with unscheduled landings , the plane was forced to dump fuel in advance of the descent over the Atlantic . A spokesperson for Air Canada told MailOnline Travel : ` Our flight , AC877 on Friday , April 10 , Frankfurt to Toronto , diverted to Shannon due to a disruptive passenger , who was removed from the aircraft . ` It was a B777 with 211 passengers . It subsequently departed and completed its journey . '