Have you ever wondered exactly what happens to the unused toiletries in hotel room bathrooms ? Or how a hotel handles it if a guest dies during their stay ? Hotel industry insider turned author Jacob Tomsky shares his tales from working in two top hotels in New Orleans and New York City and provides lots of little-known tips to ensure guests make the most of every hotel stay . MailOnline Travel chatted with Tomsky to get the answers to some of our most burning hotel questions ... Scroll down for video . Hotel industry insider turned author , Jacob Tomsky , reveals the most common items people take from hotels . What are some of the most common items that people take from hotels ? Without a doubt , toiletries and towels are definitely the most popular items for guests to pocket , according to Jacob Tomsky , author of Heads in Beds : A Reckless Memoir of Hotels , Hustles , and So-Called Hospitality . But some individuals staying at the hotel take things a bit too far . ` They take everything , ' he tells MailOnline Travel . ` Duvet covers , little silver trashcans , universal remotes - anything that 's not nailed down . ' Despite common misconceptions , it is possible to pocket a plush robe - without incurring any charges . What can you usually get away with taking ? Despite common misconceptions , you actually can get away with stealing that coveted hotel room robe . ` If you were to , say , check into a room , take a fresh robe and pack it away in your suitcase , then call down and say your room did n't have a robe in it when you checked in , is the hotel staff going to search your belongings ? Highly unlikely , ' Tomsky reveals . And when it comes to pocketing toiletries , you can occasionally even ask for more . ` There are other items , as well - complimentary amenities that you may not be aware are available , ' he explains . ` Good hotels keep extra items , such as slippers , razors and shaving cream , travel lint rollers , and mini-deodorants , in stock but not displayed in the room . ' As it turns out , the minibar is the most fallible system in the hotel , full of items ` sold at an absurd mark-up ' If you lie about using the minibar , will the hotel really charge you ? ` The minibar is the most fallible system in the hotel , ' Tomsky tells MailOnline Travel . ` Human error , over-stocking , failure to re-stock , errant charges from weighted items being shifted but not consumed , all of these lead the front desk to spend hours a day slicing off incorrect charges . ' He also notes that the ` items are purchased in bulk and sold at an absurd mark-up . ' ` Hotels are much more concerned with your overall experience and securing further room nights - the main revenue stream - than whether or not you ate a candy bar . ' Mike Holovacs , a front office supervisor at a major hotel chain and an adjunct hospitality instructor , adds : ` If an item has not sold , it 's just like any other retail setting - the item is pulled when it reaches its expiration date . ' Because certain rooms have varying levels of cleaning difficulty , they are usually awarded ` points ' How long does it take to clean a hotel room ? Is there anything that typically does not get cleaned ? The length of cleaning time generally depends on the room . Because rooms have varying levels of difficulty , they are usually awarded ` points ' and housekeepers must clean a certain total of points in one day . This may translate to a few larger suites or simply multiple standard rooms . ` I 'd guess the average time is between 30 minutes to an hour to flip the room , ' Tomsky estimates . ` A great deal of that time discrepancy depends on how the guest has left the room . ' Once a year , large sections of rooms , or even entire floors are pulled out of service for maintenance and deep cleaning . ` This is includes sending the draperies out for cleaning and shampooing the carpets , ' Holovacs explains . However , minibar glasses are often cleaned less thoroughly , usually soaked in shampoo or furniture polish . When it comes to the items that are cleaned less frequently or less thoroughly ? Minibar glasses and the remote control . ` Housekeepers are usually responsible for cleaning the glasses , yet are not provided with dish soap , ' he explains . ` So they either soak them in the sink with shampoo or , in a pinch , use furniture polish , as it leaves a ` clean-looking ' shine . ' And have you ever tried to clean your own remote ? ` The rubbery buttons make it near impossible and dousing it with a cleaning agent could damage the circuitry , ' Tomsky adds . How much money hotels spend on toiletries generally depends on the scale of the property and its occupancy . How much do hotels generally spend on toiletries per year ? This one has everything to do with the scale of the property and its occupancy . According to a recent Forbes article , the Marriott hotel chain will spend approximately $ 20 million annually on their Thann products , a natural skincare line that 's stocked in their Americas and Asia Pacific hotels . ` Usually the ordering is done by a housekeeping manager who takes into account the current supply and the average monthly uses from years past , ' Tomsky reveals . ` People use more toiletries in the winter , have longer showers , and go through more toilet paper . ` It 's a rather intriguing ordering process based on a large amount of collected data . ` And , ultimately , you do n't want to be the one who fails to order enough toilet paper for the entire hotel . ' Though there 's a belief that hotel staffer furnish their home with amenities , Tomsky says it 's not often the case . And do staff ever get to take them home ? ` There 's a long history of hotel staffers semi-furnishing their own home with hotel amenities , ' Tomsky admits . ` Every party I threw from 2001 to 2004 was catered with hotel pillow chocolates . ` For the most part , items are either so pre-used that to take them would be distasteful , or so expensive that to steal them would n't be worth the loss of one 's job . ` But I do have shoe polish that I 've never paid for and hotel-branded slippers to keep me comfy in the wintertime . ' One charity has come up with a novel way to deal with leftover hotel soaps - churning them together to provide soap to those in developing countries . Clean The World , receives partially-used and discarded soap from hotels , recycles it into millions of new bars , and then works with partner Global Soap to strategically distribute the new soap to people who lack access to it around the world . People dying in their hotel room is not quite as rare of an occurrence as guests may think , Tomsky admits . What happens if someone dies in a hotel room ? While a bit morbid to talk about , Tomsky admits that such an occurrence is not quite as rare as guests may think . ` It 's not something a hotel wishes to publicise , naturally , ' he explains . ` So , they are removed as discreetly as possible . ` This may involve flashing lights and paramedics , depending on the severity of the situation , but can also happen via employee elevators and back exits . ' Afterwards , the room is sanitised , cleaned , ` flipped ' and sold - and that can happen a lot faster than you 'd think . And , of course , all hotel staffers are forbidden from revealing any details - including cause of death and room numbers - to anyone . ` Death is a part of hotel life , ' Tomsky adds . ` In fact , suicides often prefer hotels , relieving loved ones of the cleaning duties or seeing the deceased in a disturbing way . ' Guests should take comfort in knowing that their in-room safes are actually very secure . Do staff actually have access to the in-room safes ? No , they do not . The safes truly are , you know , safe . ` I always recommend using the safe to every traveller , ' Tomsky says . ` The only person who can open the safe , should you forget your password , is a manager from the security department , using a tool that only they are trained and authorised to use . ' What really happens to that half-used roll of loo paper in hotel room bathrooms ? Well , it depends ... And finally , what happens to the half-used loo roll in hotel room bathrooms ? There 's a bit of dispute over this one , and again , a lot of times it depends on the hotel itself . In the spirit of being environmentally-minded , most chains will simply refold the paper and leave the half-used roll in the bathroom , with another full roll behind it , should the guest run out . If there 's not enough left to warrant leaving it , a Quora thread user , who works for the Beechmont Hotels Corporation , believes that the nearly-used up roll most likely winds up on housekeeping carts for when a room attendant needs a tissue for other cleaning tasks or in employee bathrooms .