Mike Brown admitted he would adopt a ` cautious ' approach in recovering from his latest concussion setback . The England full-back remains unsure when he will return after pulling out of Harlequins ' Aviva Premiership clash with Saracens at Wembley last weekend . Northampton wing George North has been advised by leading medics not to play again this season after suffering four quick-fire concussions , while Ireland 's Johnny Sexton was stood down for 12 weeks earlier this term . England full back Mike Brown admits he is unsure when he will return to action for club side Harlequins . Brown is determined not to suffer an extended break - so will not rush himself back to action ahead of time . ` It was just after the France game , there was n't one incident where I was dizzy or concussed , but after the game I just did n't feel quite right , ' said Brown . ` I had a headache the Sunday and Monday , so just being cautious with it , I do n't want to get into the situation where you get a few knockouts or something . ` You do n't want to be into a situation where you 're out for a long time like Johnny Sexton or Geoff Parling or something like that . ` So with what 's coming up at the end of the year , everyone 's being cautious , and I 'm being cautious as well . George North will not play against Clermont Auvergne on Saturday and will see a neurosurgeon . North suffered his fourth quick-fire concussion after being knocked out against Wasps on Friday night . ` I think it 's just ongoing to see how I am stage by stage . ` I 'll just see how I am with the stages , do the 20-minute bike , see how I am after that and take it from there . ' Brown was knocked out cold in England 's 47-17 victory over Italy at Twickenham in the second round of RBS 6 Nations action in February . The Harlequins flyer had hoped to recover in time to face Ireland in Dublin on March 1 , but pulled out in the build-up . Brown said increased awareness of the symptoms of concussion , driven by players undergoing World Rugby online modules , helped him realise he would not be ready to face Ireland . Brown -LRB- left -RRB- was knocked out cold in England 's 47-17 victory over Italy at Twickenham in February . The full back -LRB- centre -RRB- was immediately treated by the England medical team after being concussed vs Italy . ` Learning about all the symptoms was massive , ' said Brown , speaking for Land Rover 's ` We Deal In Real ' campaign . ` I pulled out on the Tuesday before the Ireland game with the symptoms , and I could maybe have tried to carry on with training , but being aware of the symptoms was important . ` So just knowing the dangers of the long and short-term dangers , how important it is to be honest and how serious it can be , I think those are the main things I took from the online courses . ` After the France game I had a headache and could -LRB- have -RRB- easily thought `` it 's Sarries , it 's Wembley and I 'll give it a go '' , but we 're so clued up on it now that I do n't think anyone would risk it . Brown -LRB- right -RRB- says he suffered a headache after playing in England 's clash against France last month . ` If I can do it , pulling out of England-Ireland , the biggest game of the Six Nations at that point , then I think anyone can do it , and should do it . ` Now I 've been through it I would definitely talk to team-mates urging them not to play on if I thought they were showing symptoms . ` At the time you think it 's a pain but now I 'm very glad I took those online modules . ` It 's just not worth pushing through . ' Land Rover Ambassador Mike Brown was speaking at the launch of ` We Deal In Real ' , Land Rover 's Rugby World Cup 2015 campaign that champions people at the heart and soul of the game by putting grassroots clubs on the global stage . www.landrover.com/rugby @LandRoverRugby £ WeDealInReal .