Controversial wellness blogger Belle Gibson is still being investigated over claims she faked her cancer battles , despite reports police had dropped the investigation . Victoria Police had explored the option of criminal charges being levelled against Ms Gibson after people began to question her cancer claims and charity work last month . One of the charges being considered was obtaining financial advantage by deception , but it had been dropped , according to the Herald Sun . Scroll down for video . Belle Gibson : Doubt has been cast on the Whole Pantry founder 's stories as people demand answers from the health guru . However , Victoria Police told Daily Mail Australia that its position in regards to the ongoing investigation , spearheaded by Consumer Affairs Victoria , had not changed . ` I know other things have been said this morning , but our approach is the same as it was yesterday and the day before that , ' a Victoria Police spokeswoman said . Consumer Affairs Victoria said the investigation is continuing . ` As far as we 're aware , nothing has changed , ' a spokeswoman told Daily Mail Australia . The decision comes after Ms Gibson has expressed concern over her family 's safety in her first comments to media since she admitted her terminal cancer may have been ` misdiagnosed ' . Doting young mum : Ms Gibson has expressed concern about her family 's safety after her son 's childcare details were allegedly placed online . In an interview with Daily Mail Australia , Ms Gibson claimed her son 's childcare details , her home address and floor plan had been posted online amidst the fierce backlash against her . She said that was the reason ` police came to our home checking in on my safety ' last week . Ms Gibson also hit out at some of her critics , saying that while she understood ` everyone 's anger and confusion ' , some people had responded ` maliciously ' . Ms Gibson 's remarks came during a devastating 24 hours for her business , with local publisher Penguin Books and a U.S. publishing house dumping Ms Gibson 's Whole Pantry recipe book . The Whole Pantry , a popular app , gained media attention because of Ms Gibson 's remarkable story about cancer survival . ` Our address being posted online to a website ... is not OK , ' she said , providing Daily Mail Australia with screenshots of her address posted on Facebook . The Instagram star did not address questions concerning her cancer diagnosis , saying she would ` have a statement live this week ' where she would address medical questions . ` Our address being posted online to a website ... is not OK , ' she said , providing Daily Mail Australia with screenshots of her address posted on Facebook . ` I do think it 's important for myself and the company to recognise everyone 's anger and confusion surrounding this last week , though this does n't justify how others have perpetuated this or responded so maliciously . ' She has not provided evidence of her childcare or floor plan claims at time of publication . Her remarks came during a devastating 24 hours for her business , with local publisher Penguin Books and a U.S. publishing house dumping Ms Gibson 's Whole Pantry recipe book . The book had been written in conjunction with her hugely successful app of the same name , which is set to feature on the Apple Watch . The app gained popularity after Ms Gibson claimed she warded off a terminal brain cancer diagnosis through diet and a holistic approach to life . But after close friends last week cast doubt on these claims , Ms Gibson herself admitted in an interview with The Australian that an announcement last year that her cancer had spread to her liver , spleen , blood and uterus was a ` misdiagnosis ' . Ms Gibson explained why she today wiped all her remaining photos from her Instagram account - some had already been removed - and had the Whole Pantry Facebook page deleted . ` At the end of the day , I am a human being on the receiving end of comments , questions and emails and even if the public are used to a digital interaction with me , it does not warrant some of the recent responses , ' she said . The Whole Pantry was voted Apple 's Best Food and Drink App of 2013 and will feature on the Apple Watch . The technology giant did not respond to Daily Mail Australia 's requests for comment on Tuesday . She said the social media accounts were ` further encouraging interactions between those who were angry and encouraging personal data , information or other security-sensitive content to be shared or made light of . ` My son 's childcare details were posted online in the midst of this , so I 'm sure you can understand how unnecessary , concerning and threatening that is . ' Ms Gibson said the statement she was writing was taking ` longer than anticipated ' because of media requests and ` constantly arising issues ' , ` with the paramount focus being protecting the safety of myself and my son ' . Victoria Police told Daily Mail Australia they visited an Elwood home last Tuesday evening ` as part of a welfare check . They left shortly after with nil concerns . ' Some of Ms Gibson 's former followers have taken to social media to try to ` expose ' her - posting images of her drinking alcohol before she became a clean-living star and old claims about her battle with cancer . The Belle Gibson Uncovered Facebook page has been sharing images of her sipping beer . Clean-living Belle Gibson , seen here with a pint in her hand , told the friends who have spoken out about her to ` make yourself invisible to me , and my life ' The administrators of the Belle Gibson Uncovered Facebook page , which has been sharing images of her sipping beer and champagne and eating vegan doughnuts , said they are doing so because Ms Gibson ` fiercely censors The Whole Pantry Facebook page ' . ` The reason is simple , to educate and inform the many people who have already commented on this page feeling betrayed , deceived and let down by someone who they trusted , ' they wrote . ` Many people followed this person , they believed in her and some even abandoned conventional medicine in favour of embracing her lifestyle in desperate hope they could cure their illnesses . On Monday afternoon , Australian publisher Penguin said it had been left with ` no other option ' but to stop supplying her book in Australia . ` Despite our best endeavours , Penguin Books has not received sufficient explanation from Ms Gibson , author of The Whole Pantry recipe book , in response to recent allegations , ' the comapny said in a statement . ` We remain hopeful that we will receive the formal assurances we have requested in the coming days . Ms Gibson has deleted thousands of photos and social media posts which directly reference her multiple cancer diagnoses , but an example of them - seen by Daily Mail Australia - can be found below : . Back in July 2013 , Ms Gibson posted on The Whole Pantry Facebook page : ` It 's unfortunate that there is someone on my Instagram trying to discredit the natural healing path I am on . ' She went on to say : ` As always , with everything , this is my journey and I encourage you to do what is best for your body and situation with love and an open mind . ` I have been healing a severe and malignant brain cancer for the past few years with natural medicine , gerson therapy and foods . ` It 's working for me and I am grateful to be here sharing this journey with over 70,000 people worldwide . Thank you for being here - xx Belle . ' In a reference to her liver cancer , she posted on Instagram under her account @healing_belle , a photo of a pink smoothie enriched with ` extra support ' . ` This one is for my rash -LRB- thanks , liver cancer -RRB- , inflammation -LRB- thanks flying -RRB- and for general immunity . ' In another Instagram post she wrote : ` Going from 6 weeks to live , to celebrating my fourth year with brain cancer , I know now that respecting your own journey and intuitively healing , listening and living as YOUR body , mind and path intended is staple . ' In July 2014 , she broke the news of further illness to her followers through an impassioned post to her personal Instagram page . It read in part : ` With frustration and ache in my heart / / my beautiful , gamechanging community , it hurts me to find space tonight to let you all know with love and strength that I 've been diagnosed with a third and fourth cancer . ` One is secondary and the other is primary . I have cancer in my blood , spleen , brain , uterus , and liver . I am hurting , ' Ms Gibson wrote . About 12 weeks after the initial post she followed up , revealing she was undergoing ` German integrative oncology protocol ' . The Whole Pantry -LRB- pictured above , in cookbook form -RRB- is also a popular app , which costs $ 3.79 to download . The app is slated to appear on the new Apple Watch .