Foreign workers will have to pay an average of £ 22,000 in tax before they can claim benefits under Tory plans to be unveiled this week . Migrants arriving in the UK will be banned from receiving handouts from the welfare state for four years , forcing them to pay tax and national insurance the state . Home Secretary Theresa May said the Tory manifesto will spell out plans to negotiate a new deal with Europe , including curbing access to benefits . Home Secretary Theresa May said the Tory manifesto will spell out plans to negotiate a new deal with Europe , including curbing access to benefits . Under the proposals , unemployed EU migrants in Britain will be banned from receiving state support , and would be deported if they do not get a job within six months of arriving . For those in work , they would be barred from claiming handouts like housing benefit or tax credits until they have being in the UK for four years . It means a migrant workers on an average wage will pay £ 22,600 in tax and national insurance over four years before they are able to receive state support . There will also be a ban on ` exporting ' child benefit for children living in other EU countries . The crackdown was ordered after the government failed to meet David Cameron 's target of cutting net migration to the tens of thousands . Latest figures show that in the year to September , 298,000 more people arrived in the UK than left . Mr Cameron rowed back from plans to limit freedom of movement across the EU after a backlash from German Chancellor Angela Merkel . But Mrs May today said the benefits changes would act to limit the appeal of coming to Britain from poorer parts of the EU . ` Our plan would remove a huge financial incentive for European migrants to come to Britain for the wrong reasons , ' she told The Sun . ` Instead of claiming in-work benefits , under our plans the vast majority will pay into the system , contributing thousands of pounds . ' Net long-term migration to the UK was estimated to be 298,000 in the year ending September 2014 , a major rise on the 210,000 figure a year earlier . She said the Tories had made the immigration system ` fairer and more effective ' than it was in 2010 , but more was needed . The Home Secretary said : ` That 's why our manifesto , which will be published this week , will spell out our plan to negotiate a new deal with Europe . ` The changes to welfare to cut EU migration will be a key part of our renegotiation with the EU , and we will put our reform package to the British people in a straight in-out referendum by the end of 2017 . ` Labour oppose this plan , as they have opposed all the steps we have taken to create a fairer immigration system since 2010 . Ukip talk a lot about immigration - but they do n't have a serious plan for action . ' Under the plans , migrants with jobs will only receive in-work benefits , such as tax credits , and social housing once they have been in the UK for four years . And no child benefits or tax credits for children living elsewhere in Europe will be paid out , regardless of how long an EU migrant has paid into UK coffers under the plans . Shadow home secretary Yvette Cooper said immigration was important for Britain but it needed to be ` controlled and managed ' . Labour 's shadow home secretary Yvette Cooper said immigration was important for Britain but it needed to be ` controlled and managed ' She told Sky News ' Murnaghan programme : ` The practical policies are that we want to make sure we have stronger border controls and that means having 1,000 more border staff to actually do proper checks to follow up on visas . ' Labour , she added , would change the benefit rules so that people coming to Britain could not claim benefits until they had been in the country for more than two years . She said : ` It 's not happening , what have they done in the last five years , they have n't dealt with it . And the thing that is different about our approach compared to any other party is we would deal with the exploitation by agencies , recruitment agencies and employers , who are exploiting immigration to undercut wages and jobs , that makes the system unfair . ` You 've got some recruitment agencies who are recruiting from abroad , we would change the law , make exploitation a crime . ' The Conservatives , she added , should not be trying to restrict overseas university students at the same time as ` doing nothing ' about illegal immigration .