A pensioner who has visited a beauty spot for 70 years has been banned after she was accused of knocking down the landowner 's son with her car . Patricia Wilnecker , 81 , fell in love with Lamorna Cove in Cornwall so much on her first visit in 1948 she eventually moved nearby and also wrote a book about it . But she has been told she is no longer welcome there by the owner Roy Stevenson after he accused her of deliberately hitting his son Daniel , 36 , during a stand-off at the entrance . He said : ` If she wants to be welcomed back to the cove , she needs to say to Daniel , ` I am very sorry I hit you with my car ' . Banned : Patricia Wilnecker , 81 , pictured with her dog Shorty , fell in love with Lamorna Cove in Cornwall in 1948 and has gone there every year - but can no longer go after a run-in with the landowner 's son . Stand-off : Miss Wilnecker is alleged to have knocked over Daniel , 36 , after she had to wait to exit up this private road while he repaired it , a claim she denies . Miss Wilnecker claimed her exit was blocked by Daniel for about ten minutes , while repair work was carried out on the private road leading to it . Mr Stevenson said he banned her after accusing her of aggressively revving her engine before driving into his son and knocking him over . He has said she can come back as long as she says sorry - but the 81-year-old has denied hitting him and claimed the ban has devastated her because the cove is ` my whole life ' . She said : ` There was plenty of room to drive past Mr Stevenson perfectly safely but when I tooted my horn , there was a tirade of abuse and I was told I was barred . ` I moved down here from Dorset eight years ago to be closer to the cove . ` I was coming down two or three times a year and then I decided that I may as well move down here - it 's my whole life . ' From her nearby St Buryan home , she visits the cove three or four times a week , sketching and writing impressions which she uses in a quarterly newsletter distributed around the country . She has also written a book about Lamorna and its surrounding area . Battle of wills : Owner Roy Stevenson told her to stay away after he accused her of knocking over his son Daniel in her car - but says she can return but needs to say sorry first . Mr Stevenson said : ` Miss Wilnecker revved the car and hit my son , knocking him to the ground . ` I am very upset about this - we have known her for a very long time . She used to have a free parking space and she stayed at one of our properties . Over the years we have fussed over her dogs and we used to sell her book in the cafe ? . ` However , if she wants to be welcomed back to the cove , she needs to say to Daniel , ` I am very sorry I hit you with my car ' . ` We want everyone to enjoy the cove but as owners we live here and we ask people to fit in with us . ' Following the incident , both parties contacted the police . Inspector Jean Phillips , from Penzance police , said : ` On attendance we established there were no issues for the police and there is no further involvement by us . '