It seems that scoring stunning volleys in Tyne-Wear derbies is not the limit of Sunderland striker Jermain Defoe 's limits as he shows off his impressive keepy up skills with a tennis ball . Fresh from his heroics on Sunday when he struck a brilliant volley to earn his side victory against Newcastle at the Stadium of Light , Defoe was the first player to take part in Sunderland 's keepy up challenge . The former Tottenham forward set an impressive score of 76 for his team-mates to beat before taking the second part of the challenge - keepy ups with a Creme Egg . Tyne-Wear derby hero Jermain Defoe takes on the Sunderland keepy up challenge . The former Tottenham and West Ham striker is the first Sunderland player to take the challenge . Defoe eventually sets an impressive score of 76 for his team-mates to attempt to beat . Defoe was unable to replicate the high score achieved with the tennis ball but managed to post a respectable-looking nine with the Easter treat . Defoe was overcome with emotion in the wake of his brilliant blast , and admits the joy it brought to a sold-out Stadium of Light was too much to take in . ` I have said many times that I missed the Premier League and it 's because of games like this , ' he said . ` Games like this are why I came back . Being at a club like this , they just love football . I was told before that if I come here and work hard and score goals , they wo n't ask for anything more . Sunderland striker Jermain Defoe celebrates after scoring a stunning volley against Newcastle . Defoe 's superb first-half strike was enough to secure a 1-0 win for Sunderland in the Tyne-Wear derby . Newcastle goalkeeper Tim Krul was completely helpless as Defoe 's shot found its way into the top corner . ` And I just love scoring goals , the fans deserved it . It 's been really difficult for them in the last few weeks but they always turn out . ` It was the whole occasion really that got to me . It was great to be the person that made so many people happy . I was just thinking , `` Why me ? '' . ` As the whistle went for half-time and as I was walking down the tunnel I thought , `` I 'm crying and I 'm on the telly '' , but I did n't care . For the fans and everyone it was just a special day . ' The 32-year-old not only wrote his name into Sunderland folklore with his derby winner at the weekend but boosted Dick Advocaat 's side survival hopes . The North East club moved three points clear of the relegation zone with seven games to play as the Dutch manager earned his first win since taking charge .