She is one of the world 's most iconic models and 50 years after first being discovered , Twiggy is still a timeless beauty . Want proof ? Just cast your eyes upon the 65-year-old 's new m & s campaign , which shows her modelling her summer collection for the high street giant . Twiggy promises that her latest collection , which will be available on May 14 , will instantly update your summer wardrobe with its chic colour palette , gorgeous prints and great silhouettes . Scroll down for video . Supermodel Twiggy , 65 , shows off her age-defying looks as she models her new summer range for m & s . Twiggy has long been working for the high street store - and has seemingly taken inspiration from the 70s trends seen on the catwalks this season . Her new designs include a chic denim jacket , floral and feminine print dress and leopard-print trousers . Whilst she looks flawless in the new shoot , the fashion stalwart has admitted that while she has never had cosmetic surgery , she has n't entirely ruled it out . She told Woman Fashion magazine : ` I have n't had any cosmetic surgery -- yet . I 'm not saying I never would , but at the moment , I do n't feel I need to . However , the model added : ` But I am totally against Botox . Firstly , it 's poisonous -- I do n't want botulism in my body thank you very much . Secondly , we do n't know the long-term effects . Doctors say it disappears in the body , but where ? And I do n't like what it does to people 's faces . ' Twiggy has long been working for the high street giant - and has taken inspiration from the 70s trends seen on the catwalks this season . Her new designs include a chic jumpsuits , fun prints and on-trend sandals perfect for the summer season . Twiggy , who is married to actor Leigh Lawson , 69 , takes a relaxed approach to ageing and seems at peace with her advancing years . ` There 's nothing you can do about getting older . You 've just got to accept it , ' she said . ` It 's no good locking yourself away in a room and crying on your birthday . ' Twiggy 's short cropped haircut helped propel her to stardom in the swinging Sixties , but nearly 50 years later , she is embracing her longer locks and will not be pressured into cutting them short . Twiggy - real name Lesley Hornby - has rubbished the beauty rule which says that as a women gets older , her hair should get shorter . She has blonde hair that falls well past her shoulders and is the face of L'Oreal hair products . Now and then : Twiggy 's short cropped haircut helped propel her to stardom in the swinging Sixties , but nearly 50 years later , she is embracing her longer locks and will not be pressured into cutting them short . Loved up : Twiggy has been married to actor Leigh Lawson since 1988 and the pair attended the premiere of Far From The Madding Crowd in London on Wednesday .