A photographer and mother-of-two has turned a collection of candid images of her energetic daughters and their friends into a powerful photography series that celebrates their strength and confidence , while highlighting what it means to be a girl today . Kate T. Parker , from Atlanta , Georgia , was inspired to create her aptly-titled series Strong is the New Pretty while pouring over photos she snapped of her daughters Ella , nine , and Alice , six , playing sports and enjoying their childhoods . ` The project became about capturing my girls and their friends as they truly are and how that is OK - not only OK - but worthy of celebration , ' she told Daily Mail Online in an email . Summer breeze : Atlanta-based photographer Kate T. Parker captured this group of girls cooling off in front of a fan for her photo series Strong is the New Pretty . Serious athlete : Kate snapped these pictures of her daughter Ella , nine , before her first triathlon -LRB- L -RRB- and while she was playing soccer -LRB- R -RRB- . Team spirit : As a part of the powerful series , Ms Parker photographs her daughters and their friends playing sports . Ms Parker continued : ` There 's a lot of pressure for girls - and women - to look a certain way , act in -LSB- a -RSB- certain manner , and I wanted to let my daughters know that who they naturally are is enough . ' When the devoted parent first turned the camera lens on her girls she was hoping simply to record their childhood , as well as practice certain photography techniques , but about a year ago the project started to evolve into something more . ` The images changed , ' Ms Parker explained . ` I started to see patterns and recognize that the images where the girls were authentically captured were the strongest images . The images that showed the girls as they genuinely are were my favorites . ' Water world : Ms Parker snapped this shot of the girls while they were enjoying a swimming session . Feeling strong : Kate 's daughter and her soccer teammates posed against a brick wall for this powerful shot . Hot wheels : Ms Parker 's daughters can be seen riding around their neighborhood . Sisterly love : These young girls embraced while wearing matching uniforms . Wild woman : This little girl let out a delightful scream as she ran through sprinklers in her bathingsuit . She kept that idea in mind as she continued to shoot her daughters and their friends . The series of photos aims to empower the girls and honor their personal interests - whatever they may be . The images of Ella , Alice , and their friends are black and white and free of frilly dresses , dolls or anything else stereotypically associated with young girls . Instead , Ms Parker captured the girls playing sports , running through sprinklers and horsing around , essentially exploring their everyday adventures . ` My girls know that who they are is just perfect , ' she wrote on her blog last year . Girl fight : Ms Parker photographed her girls horsing around and playfully fighting like sisters typically do . Powerful gaze : Ms Parker got close-up for this candid snapshot . Peek-a-boo : These four girls can be seen posing inside a cardboard cutout . Uphill battle : This little girl rides her bike wearing a swimsuit and a helmet . Ms Parker added : ` They do n't need to have their hair done , clothes matching , or even be clean to be loved or accepted ... I wanted this series of images to show their boldness , their strength and the beauty in them , as they are . Strong is the new pretty . ' The photographer explained to Today that she is in no way ` taking out ' girls who like traditionally feminine things . She has nothing against tutus or the color pink . In fact , she believes that parents should celebrate whatever their kids are into . ` My kids are this , you know ? Athletic and strong and dirty and loud and crazy , ' she told the outlet . ` That 's what I 'm trying to celebrate . ' Ms Parker added : ` But I encourage everyone to document their own kids the way they see them . ' Getting clean : The two girls give their dog a bath in this humorous shot . Keeping pace : Ms Parker captured her daughter running a race . Hideout : Ms Parker snapped this photo of her daughter and her dog peeking their faces out of their play house . Animal instinct : The girls chose to stick their heads out the window while their dog remained inside . When the Today show shared Ms Parker 's story on their Facebook page yesterday , it was liked nearly 25,000 times and inspired hundreds of parents to post photos of their own daughters doing the things that they love . ` Already a fierce little girl ! Girls play in the mud and with sticks too ! ' Mary Kenyon wrote of her daughter . ` Determined and strong that 's what all girls should be made of ! ' Cheryl Koscielniak Brzyski added . Meanwhile , Charlotte Yarbrough Knowles noted : ` My daughter is amazing . She is intelligent , funny and so filled with potential . In our world , it is hard to be a strong woman , but she is finding her way . I can not wait to see what she will do . ' Underwater shot : These girls were snapped enjoying a day in the pool . All wet : Ms Parker snapped her girls playing around with buckets of water . So bored : Ms Parker 's daughters take a break after they went roller skating . Say cheese : Four girls can be seen striking a pose inside a photo booth .