Egyptian officials left an African football event early after they were offended by a belly dancing performance . Dina Talaat put on a spectacular show at the opening ceremony of the Confederation of African Football 's -LRB- CAF -RRB- Ordinary General Assembly in Cairo . But delegates from the country including Khaled Abdel Aziz , Egyptian Minister of Youth and Sports , stayed in an adjoining hall inside the hotel until the end of the performance , it was claimed . Scroll down for video . Egyptian officials left an African football event early after they were offended by a belly dancing performance by Dina Talaat -LRB- above -RRB- . A spokesman for the Egyptian Football Association confirmed that members left the venue once Mrs Talaat started her performance . They said : ` The association members were surprised at having this performance at such an international event . ' A video of the performance has since gone viral online . The two-minute clip shows Mrs Talaat wearing a green and silver outfit as she shakes her belly and gyrates her hips . Soha Ebrahim , a sports host on Egyptian state television , described the clip as a ` scandal and a farce ' in a comment on Facebook . But Mrs Talaat said she did not know what all the fuss was about , Gulf News reported . She said : ` I was not the only dancer in the party . There were dancers from other nationalities too . ` I honoured Egypt and presented a respectable performance . ' The ceremony on April 6 was attended by world football officials including FIFA President Sepp Blatter -LRB- above -RRB- . The ceremony on April 6 was attended by world football officials including FIFA President Sepp Blatter . He stressed the importance of developing football in Africa in a speech and said : ` For me , Africa is my home and I have a strong affinity for African and African football . ` I always had a dream of a World Cup in Africa and it has come to pass . ' The CAF did not provide a comment when asked about the performance .