Frank Ernest Shepherd , III of Houston , Texas , led police on a high-speed chase after being pulled over for a traffic stop that ended when he slammed into another vehicle . An unarmed man shot dead by police on live television on Wednesday afternoon was a 41-year-old father of three who had another baby on the way . Frank Ernest Shepherd , III of Houston , Texas , led police on a high-speed chase after being pulled over for a traffic stop that ended when he slammed into another vehicle . He then got out of the car and reached into his backseat before being shot by police . According to ABC 13 , the pursuit began a little after 10 am , when Shepherd , 41 , peeled off and led a fleet of cars on a chase as he drove on the freeway , across grass medians , through parking lots and even busy intersections . The entire incident was captured live by a helicopter filming from above . At one point he called 911 and claimed to have a child in the backseat , which turned out to be untrue . It lasted roughly 20 minutes before he slammed into a white van and then another car , totaling the front of his car and forcing him to get out of his vehicle . ` He was given commands to show his hands and come out of the vehicle , ' said Thomas Gilliland , a spokesperson for Harris County Sheriff 's Office . Scroll down for video . Frank Ernest Sherpherd , III -LRB- above -RRB- was shot dead by police after leading them on a 20 minute high-speed chase . The chase ended when Shepherd crashed into another car -LRB- above -RRB- and after reaching into his backseat was shot by two officers . No weapons were found in the car and it is not known what Shepherd was reaching for . When he came back up after reaching into his backseat , two officers fired 10 to 12 rounds , and Shepherd fell to the ground . No weapons were found in the car , which was riddled with bullet holes after the shooting . Two of the passengers in the cars hit by Shepherd received medical attention , with one being treated at the scene and the other being taken to a local hospital . The Houston Chronicle reports that Shepherd 's mother later appeared at the scene as her son was taken away on a gurney mouthing ` Oh god ! ' His father meanwhile fell to his knees and began crying when he heard what happened to his son . ` I 'm looking at it on TV saying ` why would you run from the law ? ' Not knowing it was my nephew , ' said the man 's uncle , Chris Shephard . ` My sister , his mom , called and told me that they shot and killed him . ' It is still not known why Shepherd , a father of three with another baby on the way , was fleeing from police or what he was reaching for after he crashed his car . Police are investigating the incident . The car that Shepherd , a father of three with another baby on the way , was driving was seen riddled with bullet holes after the incident -LRB- above -RRB- . One of Shepherd 's family members is overcome with grief at the news of a family member 's fatal shooting by Houston Police following a high speed chase -LRB- above -RRB- . Police are investigating why Shepherd fled after a traffic stop which led to the shooting -LRB- above , Shepherd in whit shirt on far left -RRB- .