Children are being auditioned at school for Britain 's Got Talent to stop them bunking off lessons , it has been revealed . Teachers say that youngsters have been playing truant as they attempt to find instant stardom on the ITV talent show . As a result , for the first time producers have held auditions at dozens of secondary schools and colleges around the UK for the new series . Scroll down for video . Brace yourselves : Britain 's Got Talent judges Amanda Holden and Alesha Dixon strike glamorous poses . The move has helped reduce unauthorised absence levels in some schools on the days of auditions . Teacher Angela Butler said Britain 's Got Talent spent two hours at her school -- Newtown High School , in Powys , mid-Wales -- and a local sixth-form college in November . Around 30 Newtown High School pupils aged 11 to 18 sang and played instruments for producers during preliminary auditions after getting permission from their parents . Mrs Butler , a head of year , described similar on-site auditions across the region as a preventative measure to stop youngsters skipping school . Speaking at the NASUWT union 's annual conference in Cardiff , she attacked the shocking truancy levels in the city caused by auditions for talent shows . The Britain 's Got Talent judges and presenters are seen on stage before the start of the 2015 series . The 52-year-old said the day for auditions was ` the day throughout Wales when most kids are absent ' . She added : ` I think that is an absolute travesty , that kids think that is the way that they 're going to have a route out of poverty and not education . ' Simon Cowell has defended allowing young children to take part in Britain 's Got Talent , despite fears by child welfare campaigners that many of them are too young to cope with fame . The music mogul says the ITV show -- which has no lower age limit -- provides opportunities to those who might not otherwise have them . Cowell , 55 , who has a 14-month-old son , Eric , with partner Lauren Silverman , said : ` Every kid who comes on our show is there because the child wants to be on our show and we make sure we look after them . ` As for whether it 's the right thing having someone so young singing on the show -- they may not have the opportunities in life other people have . ' Speaking afterwards , Mrs Butler told how Britain 's Got Talent had changed how it auditions to stop pupils ` coming down to Cardiff ' on school days . She said : ` For a couple of years we had absences . It must have been a problem throughout Wales because this time , for the auditions that have happened for Britain 's Got Talent , they actually sent people into schools . ` When the producers from the programme came to our school , they said they were going all around schools to prevent exactly this -LSB- truancy -RSB- . ` They spent two hours in our school and they must have seen 30 kids , perhaps more than that . Then they moved onto a sixth form college in the same town . ' But she also bemoaned how children now seem to think fame is the only way to succeed : ` Children now think The Voice or Britain 's Got Talent or The X Factor or winning the lottery -- that 's how they 're going to get on and have the things that they see celebrities doing . I do think that kids want this quick fix . ' Britain 's Got Talent -- and its judging panel Simon Cowell , David Walliams , Amanda Holden and Alesha Dixon -- is returning on Saturday for its ninth series , with ITV chiefs expecting bumper audience ratings . A source from the show said : ` Last year was the first time we 'd ever gone to schools . We did go to schools all around the country . ` We are the one of the few talent shows that allow kids to enter , so the logical extension of that was going to schools to allow kids to audition as easily as possible . ' BGT -- and its judging panel Simon Cowell , David Walliams , Amanda Holden -LRB- pictured -RRB- and Alesha Dixon -- is returning on Saturday for its ninth series , with ITV chiefs expecting bumper audience ratings .