If there 's someone who is n't scared to show her colourful side in these times of taupe and elephant breathe , it is celebrated interior designer Abigail Ahern . Now the best-selling author is on a mission to spread her colourful ethos with her new style bible , aptly named Colour . ` The ability of colour to transfrom surroundings , to excite , inspire , tantalise and calm , is second to none ! ' enthuses Ahern , who says walking into her own colourful home gives her a ` squishy feeling of contentment ' everyday . Abigail Ahern described the colours used by Kelly Wearstler in her Malibu beachhouse as ` the most beautiful and complex I 've ever seen ' Ahern says of this Miami home : ` Inspired by a natural palette -- silvery greys , driftwood taupes , watery greens and storm cloud greys -- it 's what you might call glammed-up neutrals . I adore ! ' The designer says : ` I assure you white hallways would n't have the same effect ! ' So her message to anyone looking to transform their home is to ditch the beige , stop procrastinating and be bold with colour . The inspirational photographs in the book , which Ahern describes as displaying a ` virtuosic talent of colour ' , come from homes across the world . But if recreating these stylish spaces seems an overwhelming task , in an extract from her new book , here are the designer 's top ten tips to colour confidence . ` You do n't have to overdose on colour to take your pad to the next level . Layer on texture instead , ' says Ahern of this look . ` The soft gold kitchen cabinets in Jean-Louis Deniot 's Parisian pad -LRB- opposite -RRB- left me speechless . To master the metallic look , bear in mind that there is a fine line between adding pieces that instantly brighten a room and going overboard so that your space begins to feel like a nightclub , ' says Ahern . 1 . Start by picking a colour for your biggest room -- say your living room or kitchen . Choose a hue that feels beautiful and inspiring , and true to what you love . Build on this to create a limited palette of colours for your entire home , using different combinations of those colours in each room . 2 . Use an existing feature in your pad to inspire the basis of your colour scheme . This could be a view from the window , a work of art or any favourite item you own . 3 . Think about what you want from your home to communicate to the outside world . No one will be talking about your beige-on-beige home , so go a little crazy . Be reckless , I say ! The more your confidence grows , the more you 'll feel like experimenting with colour . 4 . Be brave ! To start with , decorating with colour can seem like a daunting task . Colour behaves differently according to where you put it . The effect changes again once you add lighting , pattern , texture and greenery into the mix . I think this is why people favour whites over any other colour group , as they distort less when other elements are thrown into the mix . However , to me , this is a bit like decorating by numbers . Too easy ! Bold hues , on the other hand , make everything on display feel grander , cooler , more intense , with beautiful undertones subtly changing in the daylight . You 'll never look back ! Left : ` Subvert expectations with a fresh take on a classic combo , ' says Ahern of this black and white corner . Ahern advises , ` Painting a room out in a dark hue automatically makes it feel cosy , den-like and snug ' 5 . Remember , there are no no-nos . Well almost none . Pastels are one grouping I never want to work with . But then plop me in Miami and I 'm sure I 'd be instantly seduced ! 6 . Use colour in unexpected places . Behind closed doors , inside kitchen cupboards , bedroom wardrobes , the loo -- all those tucked away places that surprise the minute you enter . 7 . Remember the small stuff . Introduce colour through cushions , vases , bowls , fruit , greenery -- you name it . There should be splashes everywhere for your eye to alight on ! An inky palette with a shot of warm yellow is a marriage made in heaven . The yellow warms up the darker hue , Ahern says . ` To avoid your scheme looking and feeling dull , adding oodles of texture and the odd pop of colour ' 8 . All colour schemes are improved by accents : the final touches of colour that add an element of surprise , and bring rooms to life . There are no fixed rules when it comes to choosing these ; just take care with the amount of colour you use and where you use it . As fab as that bright orange might look on a pillow , it may not feel quite so amazing on four walls because the impact will be so much stronger . 9 . Patterns provide necessary punctuation ; do n't neglect them . They anchor a space like nothing else I know . 10 . Create the illusion of space by blurring the boundaries between walls and ceilings . Paint them all out the same colour and suddenly you 've made your space a zillion times bigger . Promise ! ` Clever finishing touches , like this whimsical wallpaper , revitalise rooms , ' she says . The interior designer Abigail Ahern -LRB- left -RRB- has written a new book about colourful style ethos -LRB- right -RRB- . Colour by Abigail Ahern -LRB- Quadrille , £ 20 -RRB- .