The man accused of murdering bride-to-be Stephanie Scott is like an invisible man in the small rural town he moved to just 13 months ago . Leeton has a close-knit community of only 6,700 people , but little is known of the casual school cleaner who has swept the halls of Leeton High School since October . The 24-year-old man charged with the murder of local English and drama teacher Ms Scott on Easter Sunday was born in Tasmania and lived in Holland with his family before returning to Australia as an adult . Vincent Stanford moved into a single-storey home with his mother and elder brother in Leeton , in the Riverina region of New South Wales , which is 550 kilometres south-west of Sydney and 450 km north of Melbourne , with just a small bag of belongings each . His neighbours in Maiden Avenue say the family were welcomed by the community but Vincent Stanford made few connections . Scroll down for video . High school teacher Stephanie Scott -LRB- left -RRB- was at Leeton High School on Easter Sunday finishing off some lesson plans in preparation for going on her honeymoon to Tahiti . Vincent Stanford , the cleaner at Leeton High School , moved into this single-storey home with his mother and elder brother 13 months ago . Bill Scanlan , who lived next door to Stanford , told the Sydney Morning Herald : ` He was a nice enough sort of bloke , clearly a loner . ' His wife Gail Scanlan told Daily Mail Australia Stanford was a ` big strong fellow with dark , black eyes ' who she and her husband would chat to over the fence . She described him as a beautifully mannered and polite young man who wanted to get ahead in life . Mrs Scanlan said the accused and his family mostly kept to themselves but were friendly and ` would come over for a cup of coffee ' . His mother Anika , a qualified nurse , worked at a local nursing home and Stanford , along with his brother Luke , worked shift work so Mr Scanlan said they did not see the family often . Meanwhile , as Stanford adjusted to life in Leeton , his identical twin brother -- who moved from Holland back to Australia in June 2013 - settled in South Australia . Mr Scanlan , the retired pensioner living next door to Stanford , confirmed on Friday that photographs of Stanford 's twin that had circulated in the media were correct . ` That 's definitely him . They really look identical . Vincent is a little broader and fatter in the face but you ca n't mistake who it is , ' he told Daily Mail Australia . ` They look exactly the same in the face -- the image of each other . He also has the same receding hairline . Looking at him is like looking at Vincent . ' Vincent Stanford 's identical twin brother -LRB- pictured -RRB- returned from Holland and now lives in South Australia . Hinting at a possible family rift , the alleged killer 's twin wrote on Facebook on January 4 : ` One good thing about not being able to go home , been back to Swan Reach and Gawler for the first time in 4 years . ' Before moving back to Australia , Stanford - who speaks with a Dutch accent - previously worked as a cleaner for a dental company in Holland . In Leeton , he landed a casual job with cleaning company Colin Joss & Co , who have a contract with the Department of Education in NSW . Senior manager at the company Fleur Dooley told Daily Mail Australia that Stanford had worked for them since October last year . Since Stanford was charged with Ms Scott 's murder on Thursday police have been searching the house for evidence . Neighbours Gail and Bill Scanlan told Daily Mail Australia Stanford mostly kept himself to himself . Police forensic officers are seen in the back yard of the family home of Stanford in Leeton , NSW . Stanford lived with his mother Anika , a qualified nurse , along with his elder brother Luke . On Monday Stanford allegedly hung his clothes out to dry and told neighbours he 'd been ` busy ' Stanford was not contracted to work on the Sunday that he allegedly killed Ms Scott . She explained he had passed national criminal record checks and worked at multiple schools in the area , as well as the local TAFE . ` He was employed as a casual cleaner and worked on different sites a required , ' Ms Dooley said . It has now emerged Stanford was not contracted to work on the Sunday that he allegedly killed Ms Scott . Ms Scott was preparing lesson plans at Leeton High School for a relief teacher who would be working in her place while she was on her honeymoon when she disappeared . Tributes have poured in for Stephanie Scott who was preparing to marry her childhood sweetheart . Ms Scott 's family and friends began panicking and alerted police to her disappearance on Monday at 3 pm . Police will allege Ms Scott was murdered on Easter Sunday , between 11 am and 7.20 pm . Authorities allegedly found blood in Stanford 's car , and a photo of what appears to be a burnt body on his mobile phone . A set of school keys , given to the murdered bride-to-be by a colleague the last time she was seen alive , were also allegedly found at his home . Ms Scott was last seen by a colleague at the school at 11 am on Sunday morning , when she picked up a the keys to get into a classroom . Her family and friends began panicking and alerted police to her disappearance on Monday at 3 pm after she never met her fiancé Aaron Leeson-Woolley for dinner on Sunday night or came home . As they searched the local area , Stanford allegedly washed his clothes and hung them out to dry in his backyard , waving to the neighbours over the fence and telling them he 'd been busy , The Sydney Morning Herald reports . Stanford passed mandatory criminal checks and worked at multiple schools in the Leeton area , as well as the local TAFE . A set of school keys , given to the murdered bride-to-be by a colleague the last time she was seen alive , were allegedly found at Stanford 's home . Stephanie Scott was excitedly preparing to marry her fiancé Aaron on April 11 when she disappeared . He was arrested at his home at 7.30 pm on Wednesday and was taken to Leeton Police Station . An old model white Toyota Hilux space-cab two-wheel-drive with a canopy was also towed by police from outside his house . Stanford was charged with murder on Thursday morning and was formally refused bail before being transported to Griffith . Stanford did not appear in Griffith Local Court when his case was briefly mentioned . As police scour his home for evidence , it is clear the family were not planning on living in the house for long , as a ` for sale ' sign stood outside the property on Thursday . Stephanie Scott 's fiance Mr Leeson-Woolley broke down while he was crouched in front of the school gates following news a man had been charged with her murder . Just eight kilometres away from Stanford 's home , police are searching for Ms Scott 's body in dams next to a vineyard at a private property on Griffith Road at Wamoon , where her red Mazda 3 sedan was found . On Friday police divers found a laptop in a 25 metre-wide irrigation channel about 3 km out of Leeton . The laptop was found about 5 km away from the field where Ms Scott 's red Mazda sedan was found dumped on Thursday . Police said finding the 26-year-old teacher 's dead body was their ` priority ' . Detectives are appealing for anyone who saw a white Toyota Hilux dual cab in the Leeton area between Sunday and Wednesday to call Leeton Police or Crime Stoppers 1800 333 000 . Detectives are appealing for anyone who saw Stanford 's white Toyota Hilux dual cab -LRB- pictured -RRB- driving in the area since Sunday . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .