A night of violence gave way to a day of mourning Sunday for a man who died after sustaining serious injuries while in the custody of Baltimore police . Over several hours on Sunday afternoon , a steady stream of mourners filed into the Vaughn Green East funeral home for a wake for Freddie Gray , the 25-year-old black man who died a week after an encounter with police left him with grave spinal injuries . Mourners passed by Gray 's silk-draped , white coffin where he lay dressed in a white shirt , black pants , white sneakers and an all-white Los Angeles Dodgers baseball cap . Scroll down for video . Memorial : The body of Freddie Gray lies inside his casket at Vaughn Greene Funeral Home , during his wake Sunday , April 26 , 2015 in Baltimore . Gray died from spinal injuries about a week after he was arrested and transported in a police van . Sharing their pain : Mourners embrace as they wait in line outside the funeral home for the wake on Sunday . Making a statement : Caira Byrd holds a sign supporting Freddie Gray outside the funeral home where a wake was held in his honor on Sunday . Justice : Earlier in the day , a pastor at Gray 's family church gave a speech in remembrance of the man who died on April 19 while in police custody . Above , more supporters outside of the funeral home on Sunday . Above the lid to the coffin was a floral arrangement and inside the lid was a pillow with a screen-printed picture of Gray flanked by doves and the quote , ` Peace , y ' all ' at the bottom edge . Mourners also gathered outside . Some held up signs that read , ` We remember Freddie ' and ` Our Hearts Are With The Gray Family . ' Melissa McDonald , 36 , who said she was Gray 's cousin , wore a shirt with ` Freddie Forever ' printed on the back . She described her cousin as a nonviolent person . ` He did n't deserve to die the way he did , ' she said . A number of mourners like Tina Covington , 46 , said they did n't know the family but came to express their condolences . Covington said she has a son near Freddie Gray 's age . Gray was detained on April 12 after he ran away from police . He asked for an inhaler as he screamed in pain during the arrest and requested medical attention , but was denied . Gray , who was arrested for carrying a switchblade knife , died a week after the incident from a severed spine . ` It hits home . It really does . It 's a reality check , ' said Covington , whose son is 27 . Covington said that ` there is something going on in the police department that needs to change . ' Gray 's funeral is planned for Monday . At a church service earlier Sunday , Pastor Jamal Bryant told churchgoers , including members of Gray 's family , at Empowerment Temple AME Church that ` somebody is going to have to pay ' for Gray 's death . Bryant told churchgoers that if ` you 're black in America your life is always under threat . ' Bryant also talked about the violence that erupted Saturday night during what began as a peaceful demonstration attended by more than a thousand people . Showing their support : Baltimore residents Dominick Williams -LRB- left -RRB- and Ricardo Flood encourage passing cars to honk while standing in the middle of York Road near Vaughn Greene Funeral Services on Sunday . Somber occasion : Mourners stream into Vaughn Greene Funeral Services on Sunday to pay their respects to Gray . Laying to rest : Gray 's funeral will be held on Monday . Above , more mourners outside of his wake on Sunday . Saying goodbye : At the wake , Gray 's family had the casket open so that mourners could see him one last time . Some of the mourners who attended the wake on Sunday did n't know Gray personally , but felt personally impacted by his death wand wanted to pay their respects . No color : Above , more mourners dressed in all black arrive at the funeral center on Sunday . Bracing for tears : One mourner holds a box of kleenex as he enters the funeral center on Sunday . Some 34 people were arrested , according to Baltimore Police Department , and six police officers sustained minor injuries . J.M. Giordano , a photo editor at Baltimore 's City Paper , said Baltimore police beat him as he covered one of the protests in west Baltimore . A video posted to the newspaper 's website Sunday shows at least two police officers in riot gear hitting and kicking Giordano as the person filming screams , ` He 's a photographer ! He 's press ! ' Sait Serkan Gurbuz , a photographer with Reuters , said police detained him as he was shooting photographs of the scuffle . He declined to comment further . A statement from Reuters said police also cited Gurbuz for failure to obey orders . ` We hope that the department will dismiss the citation and , going forward , respect the First Amendment right of the press to lawfully take images in the public interest , ' Reuters said . Gray 's wake was held a day after protests in Baltimore turned violent . Above , a man is kicked as he attempts to get up after being knocked down , following a march to City Hall on Saturday . Barricade : Police stand in helmets near Pratt Street after a march to City Hall for Freddie Gray , Saturday , April 25 , 2015 in Baltimore . Roughly 1,200 protesters gathered at City Hall on Saturday afternoon , officials said , to protest Gray 's death , which has prompted near-daily demonstrations since he died April 19 . Gray was arrested one week before that when officers chased him through a West Baltimore neighborhood and dragged him into a police van . However , a smaller group splintered off and looted a convenience store and smashed storefront windows . A protester tossed a flaming metal garbage can toward police officers in riot gear trying to push back the crowd . Earlier , a group of protesters smashed windows of at least three police cars . Rep. Elijah Cummings , a long-time congressman representing Baltimore 's 7th District , told CBS ' ` Face the Nation ' on Sunday that there is deep frustration over the case . ` Mr. Gray died a week ago . And I think the thing that upset so many people was the fact that here 's a young man . We still do n't know exactly why he was arrested , ' Cummings said . ` We do know that he was hollering out for aid . He was not given aid after being arrested . ... A lot of people are very , very frustrated as to trying to figure out what happened here , and it 's very upsetting . ' On the march : Demonstrators protest in the streets as they march for Freddie Gray to Baltimore 's City Hall , Saturday , April 25 , 2015 . Turning violent : A protestor reacts after breaking a restaurant window after a rally for Freddie Gray on Saturday . Shattered glass : A woman pleads with protestors to stop breaking restaurant windows after a rally for Freddie Gray , Saturday , April 25 , 2015 , in Baltimore . Taken into custody : Police carry a detained man to a waiting police van after a march to City Hall for Freddie Gray , Saturday , April 25 , 2015 in Baltimore About 34 were arrested during the protests on Saturday and early Sunday . Gathering at the ball game : Protestors gather outside of Oriole Park at Camden Yards before a baseball game between the Boston Red Sox and the Baltimore Orioles after a rally for Freddie Gray , Saturday , April 25 , 2015 , in Baltimore . Police acknowledged Friday that Gray should have received medical attention at the spot where he was arrested -- before he was put inside a police transport van handcuffed and without a seat belt , a violation of the Police Department 's policy . Gray was arrested after he made eye contact with officers and ran away , police said . Officers held him down , handcuffed him and loaded him into the van . While inside , he became irate and leg cuffs were put on him , police have said . Gray asked for medical help several times , beginning before he was placed in the van . After a 30-minute ride that included three stops , paramedics were called . Authorities have not explained how or when Gray 's spine was injured .