When Dulwich picture gallery began discussing the idea of introducing a fake painting to their collection , no-one could have imagined it would have led to the quadrupling of visitor numbers . But that is exactly what happened when Jean-Honoré Fragonard 's 18th-century work Young Woman was replaced by a hand-painted replica , produced in China and ordered over the internet for £ 70 . It has hung in among 270 Old Master paintings since February 10 after a challenge was laid down to the public to ` spot the fake ' . Now , three months on , the gallery has revealed that only 10 per cent of the 3,000 people who visited during the experiment guessed correctly . Scroll down for video . Can you spot the difference ? A member of the public compares the original painting by Jean-Honore Fragonard -LRB- left -RRB- and the replica ordered on the internet from China -LRB- right -RRB- at the Dulwich picture gallery . But the gallery 's chief curator , Xavier Bray , said that he was impressed a number of people had managed to spot the imposter hidden among the Rembrandts , Rubens and Murillos . He told MailOnline : ` It was a fascinating experiment which gave us a chance to test art connoisseurs and we saw visitor numbers quadruple because of it . ` It made people look closely at a painting and discern what might be a replica and why . Ten per cent got it right , which means Britain as a nation is still a nation of connoisseurs , which is great . ` Unfortunately others got it wrong . A number of visitors presumed the imposter was a female portrait by Rubens , which had been restored 10 years ago , because it appeared brighter . But that was interesting as it allowed us to find out more about the way the public look at our paintings . ' The idea for the exhibition , titled Made in China , came from American artist Doug Fishbone . Its aim was to make people think about the way they look at , appreciate and value artistic masterpieces . Mr Bray said Dulwich was keen to challenge the public to ` spot the fake ' as a way of engaging with visitors and making the picture gallery more interactive . Visitors were challenged to spot the replica among 270 Old Master paintings . Only 10 per cent of them guessed right . The original and fake are now hanging together , making the difference more obvious . ` Fascinating experiment ' : The gallery 's chief curator , Xavier Bray -LRB- pictured -RRB- , said visitor numbers quadrupled after the ` spot the fake ' challenge was laid down to the public at the beginning of February . The power of the museum : Mr Bray said the gallery was not planning any similar experiments . Instead , his attention has turned to whether the fake will now become a work of art in its own right . ` It was a risk , no doubt about it , ' he said . ` You would n't expect the National Gallery or the Tate to display a replica on their walls but because we 're an independent charity and do n't rely on public money it means we 're relatively free to do what we want . ` But that does n't mean there could n't have been repercussions . We are a temple of art and as soon as people cross that threshold they expect everything you are told on a label to be correct . ` Our aim was to get people to engage and learn - that is what was really exciting . Can they spot a replica by comparing it with the magical , beautiful originals we have ? ' The way to distinguish the real from the fake , Mr Bray said , was to look at the lack of warmth in the background canvas of the imposter and the modern pigment of acrylic paints . ` If you look closely , the brushwork on the fake is trying to be expressive but it comes across as dead because it 's an attempt to replicate something else . There 's no magic to it like there is with the real one . ' The original painting was put back in its frame yesterday and hung beside the replica , allowing people to compare the differences between the two . Mr Bray said the gallery was not planning any similar experiments . Instead , his attention has turned to whether the fake will now become a work of art in its own right . ` It will be very interesting to see what happens when the counterfeit leaves the gallery , ' he said . ` Will it achieve significance and become a work of art ? ` This is where the power of it being displayed in a temple of a museum could give it extra significance in the art world - that is also part of the experiment . ' Original : Jean-Honoré Fragonard 's Young Woman . Jean-Honoré Fragonard 's 18th-century work Young Woman is one of his famous Fantasy Figures , a series of quickly executed studies intended to showcase the artist 's virtuoso handling of oil paint . It was painted in 1769 . The unidentified woman is portrayed in Spanish dress , with a lace collar and slashed sleeves suggesting the dramatic costume of the stage . It was Spanish painter Diego Velázquez -LRB- 1599-1660 -RRB- who inspired the depiction of Spanish dress in 18th-century French art . Once thought to be by French artist Jean-Alexis Grimou -LRB- 1678-1733 -RRB- on the strength of his signature , closer examination revealed that this was false . Fragonard 's genuine signature , ` Frago ' , is discernible above , although partially obscured by overpainting . It is believed Fragonard was paying a playful homage to Grimou , a fellow artist who was well known in France at the time , particularly as a copyist . It is thought Fragonard 's intent was not to deceive , but rather to excite connoisseurs with amusing visual ambiguity .