The huge build-up to England women 's Under 19 replay against Norway was truly bizarre and unprecedented . And it was a game only supposed to last for 18 seconds . Leah Williamson held incredible nerve to retake a penalty which she ought to have taken on Saturday , were it not for German referee Marjia Kurtes ' terrific blunder . Kurtes disallowed Williamson 's penalty for encroachment from England players at the weekend , but instead of ordering her back to the spot , awarded a free-kick to Norway . Leah Williamson -LRB- centre -RRB- stepped up again to take the penalty during the 18-second rematch against Norway . Williamson went the same way as her successful spot-kick last Saturday and found the net once again . Norwegian goalkeeper Oda Marie Hove Bogstad was unable to stop Williamson 's brilliant effort . The England captain wheels away in celebration after handing her side a crucial 2-2 draw . But England were given a lifeline when UEFA chiefs ruled it should be replayed . All match details from Saturday , including the time of day the penalty was awarded , the venue , the players who were on the pitch , were ticked off by the Swiss blazers and the game was restarted at 9.45 pm . And that was a whole FIVE hours after both had played their final Elite Round games in Northern Ireland . Only Kurtes was replaced , by referee Kateryna Zora . It began in what would have been the 96th minute , and ended 65 seconds later . Leah said : ` They were the longest 24 hours of my life , I had n't slept . I think I was just excited , I went through so many emotions and just felt excitement , so I thought ` yep , that 's how I am going to feel ' ! ` We had a conversation just before I came out which was quite emotional , we have been through a bigger journey than some people go through in their whole careers because of what happened , it was never about me , it was about the team . The England players celebrate Williamson 's penalty which earned them a 2-2 draw in Belfast . England held on in the final moments to secure the draw and , with it , a place in this summer 's finals in Israel . Williamson blows a kiss to the crowd as Mo Marley 's side look ahead to this summer 's tournament . Number of seconds played : 65.18 after the players returned to the centre circle . Number of England players on the pitch : Norway were already down to 10 outfield players , but England brought on a sub to replace one injured in the game vs Switzerland . Days between spot-kicks : Five days between Saturday 's clash and the controversial rematch . Number of goals scored : 1 - the infamous penalty . ` When something is taken away from you like that , you realise just how much you want it , and that 's what happened . Qualifying is such a huge deal for us , it 's massive . ' Norway discovered minutes before the penalty was retaken they would qualify for the July finals in Israel , as best runners-up across all Elite Round groups . Had the penalty been missed , Norway would have finished table-toppers , and the Dutch would have progressed as best second-placed team . It was the most surreal football you could imagine , starting from the penalty spot , with none of the regular pomp of a competitive international , yet much more attention than a girls ' game normally yields . Under-age women 's games in Northern Ireland , if the passionate hosts are n't playing , are usually lucky to attract treble figures . England are awarded a penalty during their European U19 Women 's Championships qualifier on Saturday . Referee Marija Kurtes points to the spot as England are awarded a penalty in the 96th minute . Williamson steps up to take a penalty in the closing stages of the match against Norway in Belfast . Williamson runs forward to strike the ball but team-mate Rosella Ayane -LRB- circled -RRB- has entered the box . Williamson turns and celebrates as she slots the ball into the goalkeeper 's bottom-right corner . German referee Marija Kurtes officiating a women 's Bundesliga match in Munich last month . England players celebrate after they thought they had equalised against Norway . But referee Kurtes awards an indirect free-kick and the celebrations are cut short . Williamson has the ball back in her hands ready for what she thought would be a retake . While the disgraced Kurtes , who was sent home after her blunder , will be keen to shelve her nightmare , Williamson 's name will crop up in pub quizzes for generations . England coach Mo Marley said : ` Obviously the tournament has been tough and pretty much it 's about following through in the right way . We are happy we gave ourselves a chance to qualify and everything has turned out the way we wanted it , for Norway as well . ` I know how hard these players have worked , credit to all of the other teams , and credit to Norway , we deserve to be in the finals . ` It 's ironic because a lot of the hard work we did at the start of the week was about a long journey , handling the intense pressure of a tournament and tests to our resolve , which helped a lot . But Williamson then realises the referee 's decision and two Norwegian players are seen celebrating . German referee Kurtes is understood to have been sent home following her error on Saturday . ` Everyone was aware of the possible outcomes , we may not have scored the penalty , we know that . ` We may not have got through . But we are just so tremendously happy . ' Since this odd chain of events stemmed from an infringement of the game 's laws , UEFA 's disciplinary committee did exactly the right thing in instructing for it to be replayed . But it sets a dangerous precedent . England 's appeal cost just £ 750 , which is repayable to the FA as it was successful , but was it lodged just because it 's arguably a lower level of football ? It triggers questions concerning how many more appeals of this nature could happen in the future . In a men 's senior England international , one presumes one of the tens of thousands of people would correct the referee , whereas perhaps the same ca n't be guaranteed with a three-figure crowd . Indeed , would you have that inexcusable refereeing in the first place ? September 2005 - World Cup qualifier - Uzbekistan vs Bahrain . Uzbekistan had won the opening leg of the Asian zone fourth-round play-off 1-0 at home but were left incensed after a penalty was disallowed in the 38th minute for an attacking player encroaching . Rather than retaking the penalty , an indirect free-kick was wrongly awarded by Japanese referee Toshimitsu Yoshida to Bahrain and the game ended with a one-goal margin . Uzbekistan called for an investigation but were left furious after FIFA ordered the match to be replayed in its entirety with the result declared invalid . It proved to have a major impact as it was Bahrain who eventually went through with a 1-1 away goals victory , though they were later beaten in the AFC-CONCACAF play-off . Bahrain staff and players celebrate after beating Uzbekistan in an Asian World Cup qualifier in 2005 .