It is perhaps the most iconic ship of all time , but the closest most people will get to the Titanic is a visit to the museum in Belfast , or a viewing of the Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet blockbuster . Not so for those with endless funds . One company is offering the chance to dive 12,500 ft below the surface of the sea to explore the ship at the bottom of the Atlantic . The tour takes in sights like the famous grand staircase , the ship 's huge anchors and the Marconi Room , from which the world 's very first SOS was broadcast . The once-in-a-lifetime privilege is being offered by luxury concierge service , Bluefish , and does not come cheap , setting you back a whopping £ 41,000 -LRB- $ 60,000 -RRB- . Unique experience : Travel to the depths of the Atlantic Ocean to the wreck of the Titanic with concierge service Bluefish . Haunting : Beams of light illuminate the features of the tragic ship , which sank on April 14 , 1912 . A port side forward expansion joint on the boat deck of the bow section of the shipwreck . Travellers will learn about the ship in a series of lectures in addition to the dive . The hefty price may seem like a lot but more than 40 people have so far booked the trip to the Atlantic Ocean depths . Director of Bluefish , Steve Sims said : ` We have sent over 40 people down and they have been housewives to technology billionaires , the Titanic really does capture the minds of a wide crowd . ` Bluefish is known for providing the amazing and rare and the Titanic fits both those criteria . ` More people have been into space than set eyes on the Titanic . ' Guests will stay aboard the Akademik Keldysh ship at sea and wait for suitable conditions to see the Titanic up close . The transport to the ocean floor is a MIR I or II submersible which are capable of reaching ocean depths of 20,000 ft -LRB- 98 per cent of the ocean floor worldwide -RRB- and withstanding intense pressure . The submersible is constructed of nickel steel and can hold one pilot and two passengers , providing a personal encounter of the vessel . The unique dive takes 11 or 12 hours in total and once you reach the ocean floor powerful lights let you see the main features of ship . As well as this divers can spot harrowing personal items such as shoes or bags caught between the metal rust , which serve as a poignant reminder of the tragic human loss . The starboard railing near the bow of the Titanic . Expeditions take place in a MIR I or II submersible , which is able to withstand the water pressure 12500ft below the surface . The wreck of the Titanic is situated around 676 kilometres from Newfoundland , almost four kilometres below the surface . Not only does the trip offer a truly unique ocean expedition , but it also offers the chance to learn about the majestic vessel in depth . You will take part in a series of lectures and briefings , revealing latest findings about the 269 metre-long liner . There will also be a ceremony commemorating the tragic events and remembering all those who lost their lives on April 14 , 1912 . Meals , accommodation and personal video are also included in the somewhat hefty price tag . The RV Keldysh and MIRs have made over 15 expeditions to the site of the wreck and have made over a hundred dives . The unique dive takes 11 or 12 hours in total and once you reach the ocean floor powerful lights let you see the main features of ship . Once-in-a-lifetime opportunity ! More people have been to space than have explored the Titanic , and the dives aim to collect data for scientific experiments . The aim of the dives is not just tourism , but also obtaining imagery from the site , data and physical samples from the wreck to further research and be used in ongoing scientific experiments being conducted by worldwide scientists . Since Deep Ocean Expeditions began dives to the wreck in 1998 no artefacts have been removed from the site . However it has n't been plain sailing for Bluefish trips to see the famous ship . Only eight people took the voyage between 2002 and 2006 and after the recession put a strain on luxury spending . ` The recession hit and everything went to pot , ' Simms told CNN Money . After years of fruitless searching by many organisations the wreck of the RMS Titanic was found by Dr Robert Ballard in 1986 . Since that time multiple dives have been conducted by some of the world 's five deep diving submersibles , representing France , USA and Russia . Now the service has picked back up and guests can experience the whole package , or opt to have everything apart from the dive to the wreck , for £ 6,820 -LRB- $ 10,000 -RRB- . The bespoke concierge service offers a range of elaborate services , besides the Titanic expedition . Whether it is racing half a million dollars Mercedes in the Mojave Desert , a Virgin Galactic flight into space , or having a James Bond experience in Monaco with Bond girls and being rescued by American Navy Seals , Simms sees no challenge as impossible for the right clients . The luxury does not come cheap , with membership to the club being £ 3,414 -LRB- $ 5,000 -RRB- per annum before you have forked out for any experience . Star-crossed lovers ! Many were captivated by the James Cameron film , released in 1997 , which saw the affluent Rose -LRB- played by Kate Winslet -RRB- fall in love with poor Jack -LRB- Leonardo DiCaprio -RRB- on the Titanic 's fateful voyage .