A woman has spoken of her regrets about going under the knife after a Turkish surgeon botched her facelift and left her with her ears sewn awkwardly to the side of her face . Belinda , 56 , from Essex , had hoped the operation would deal with her jowls and says she was looking ` worn out ' ahead of the procedure . But the ` horrendous ' scars produced by the bungling surgeon have left her bereft of confidence and feeling worse than ever before . Scroll down for video . Belinda , 56 , from Essex , admits she wishes she 'd never had a facelift because of the ` horrendous ' scars it left her around her ears - the result of a botched procedure she underwent in Turkey -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Budget job : Belinda , who appears on tonight 's episode of TLC 's Extreme Beauty Disasters -LRB- pictured -RRB- , travelled to Turkey to have the facelift because it was cheaper . Now Belinda is to appear on TLC 's Extreme Beauty Disasters to warn of the dangers of travelling abroad for cut-price surgery - and to see if anything can be done about her botched facelift . Plastic surgeon consultant Vik Vijh commented : ` Her scars are really very poor . They 're stretched and they are dragging down her earlobes . ' Belinda 's problems began when she noticed she was looking more tired than usual and set about finding a cosmetic solution . In the UK , the average facelift costs £ 7,900 , so Belinda was thrilled when she found a Turkish surgeon offering cut-price operations that cost a fraction of the UK equivalent . Having already had successful cosmetic procedures in the past , among them breast implants and a tummy tuck , she says she felt positive about the prospect of facelift . Her husband agreed at the time , hoping it might ` freshen her up ' , but says , with hindsight , that ` it was one of the worst ideas I 've ever had in my life . ' Expert opinion : ` Her scars are really very poor , ' admits plastic surgeon consultant Vik Vijh , who set out to correct the damage by re-doing her facelift . ` They 're stretched and they are dragging down her earlobes ' Mr Vijh -LRB- left -RRB- recommends another full face and neck lift to correct the damage , but warns Belinda -LRB- right -RRB- she could be risking nerve damage and further scarring . An excited Belinda then travelled to Turkey for the procedure , where such ` bargains ' are common , checked into an Istanbul clinic and went under the knife . Initially thrilled with her ` fresh , plumped-out skin ' , doubts began to set in during the healing process . Expecting a dramatic change , the healed facelift , says Belinda , ` had n't done anything ' - except , much to her horror , leave her with earlobes that had been ` sewn ' to the sides of her face . According to Mr Vijh , this was due to the surgeon stitching up Belinda 's face in the wrong position , resulting in bad scarring that should have been concealed behind her ears , not around them . Still , Belinda is determined to go ahead , and after a gruelling session on the operating table at the hands of Mr Vijh -LRB- pictured -RRB- , she comes out smiling . ` We 've lifted her neck , we 've pulled up her face , and got rid of all those scars , ' Mr Vijh states . Pictured , Belinda 's ear before -LRB- left -RRB- and after -LRB- right -RRB- the corrective surgery . As a result , another full face and neck lift was required , as well as extra surgery to hide the scarring . Belinda , who had been left miserable by her experience , says the new face lift has restored her confidence and left her happier . ` Finally I am happy , ' she says . ` My scars have drastically reduced and now I can stop worrying about going out , or about people looking at me from the side . ' Extreme Beauty Disasters starts next Tuesday at 8 pm on TLC . No more hiding : Belinda , pictured before -LRB- left -RRB- and after -LRB- right -RRB- , makes a reappearance on the show once she has healed and looks refreshed and happy with her new and improved appearance . ` Finally I am happy , ' says Belinda , pictured with her husband . ` My scars have drastically reduced and now I can stop worrying about going out , or about people looking at me from the side '