A man killed more than 1,000 dogs in Russia as revenge as he believed the strays were responsible for giving him tuberculosis , a trial heard . Danila Kislitsyn told police it was his duty to eliminate dogs from the streets around Vladivostok as they posed a threat to people and needed to be wiped out . The 31-year-old would travel around the south-eastern Russian city using poisoned sausages and setting traps to kill strays and occasionally even people 's pets . Danila Kislitsyn -LRB- pictured at his trial -RRB- has been found guilty of killing 1,000 dogs by giving them poisoned sausages . Officials heard the attacks were revenge as he blamed the animals for him contracting tuberculosis several years previously which had left him in a weakened state . He was arrested as part of a campaign by animal-rights activists who had spent two years monitoring Kislitsyn who would sometimes kill as many as a dozen dogs a day . Kislitsyn had to be sent for psychiatric tests ahead of the trial but was found fit to stand . But animal charities were furious when Judge Olga Yerokhina handed Kislitsyn a fine of just £ 200 . The trial heard that Kislitsyn , pictured with a police officer at his trial , claimed it was his duty to eliminate stray dogs from the streets saying they posed a threat to people and needed to be wiped out . Judge Olga Yerokhina sentenced the 31-year-old , who also believed dogs were to blame for him contracting tuberculosis , to pay just £ 200 for the canine genocide . Activist Sarah Pirogova from the charity Animal Defender said : ` He was responsible for a dog genocide in his neighbourhood , sometimes a dozen bodies of dead dogs could be spotted on the streets in single day . ` He says he only targeted strays but very often people 's pets were also poisoned after eating a piece of sausage that he had laced with poison . ' Activists tested the sausages and found that not only were they poisoned , they also contained tablets designed to stop the dogs vomiting so that they could not throw up the lethal food . She added : ` We tried to confront him about it but he was extremely violent and would use spray before running off , so we finally decided to hand a report to police . ` We are disappointed with the result but hope that he will not want to pay another fine and will now stop what he has been doing . '