The body-building community is in shock after the premature death of celebrated competitor Phil Primmer , who reportedly died after collapsing on Thursday . The Darwin man , aged just 42 , had reportedly just been to see a doctor to seek treatment for neck pain when he died , according to NT News . He was given CPR but it was too late by the time emergency services arrived , reportedly to the gym he owned according to friends on Facebook . Scroll down for video . The body-building community is in shock after the premature death of celebrated competitor Phil Primmer . Phil -LRB- far right -RRB- won the 2012 and 2013 National Amateur Body Building Association 's Southern Hemisphere Championships in the men 's class two division . Phil and his wife Vania own Ultimate Gym and Fitness centre at Winnellie together . The chiselled competitor sadly leaves behind his wife and two children , including son Shannan and his young daughter Miami . Phil and his wife Vania own Ultimate Gym and Fitness centre at Winnellie together . Mr Primmer won the 2012 and 2013 National Amateur Body Building Association 's Southern Hemisphere Championships in the men 's class two division . His son , Shannan Primmer , wrote a heartfelt tribute in the wake of his father 's shock death . He sadly leaves behind his wife and two children , including son Shannan and his young daughter Miami , pictured with her father here . ` My new life goal is to be just half the man you are , I love you so much , ' his son Shannan 's tribute read . Phil 's Facebook has been inundated with heartfelt tribute from people inspired across Australia . ` To my love father Phil , you were the best dad a son could ask for , ' Shannan posted . ` Always did your best to provide anything your children needed or wanted you were the best man . I have ever met and will ever meet . ` My new life goal is to be just half the man you are , I love you so much . ' His Facebook page has been inundated with hundreds of tributes , including messages from people who never met him but were inspired by ` an Australian body building legend who will never be forgotten ' . The Darwin man , had reportedly just been to see a doctor to seek treatment for neck pain when he died . friends have remembered him for his sweet nature and always having time for everyone . Jude Smith described him as having ` a heart overflowing with love for those he loved ' ` In the bodybuilding world everybody knew your name , even outside the fitness world you shared your passion and drive with whomever you met , even if they did n't agree with you , ' wrote Nyla Peck . Jude Smith described him as having ` a heart overflowing with love for those he loved . ' ` The roughest of diamonds . This was a true and loved family man . ' ` Your achievements and effect on people had earned you so much love and respect , ' wrote Jordan Hoyland . ` By far the lasting impression I have is you with your family ... Your love for them is strong and fierce . ' An autopsy will be carried out on Wednesday , according to NT News . ` Your achievements and effect on people had earned you so much love and respect , ' another tribute read . Phil 's son Shannan shared a heartfelt tribute to his father in the wake of his shock passing .