Condemned Bali Nine drug smuggler Myuran Sukumaran has pledged to stare down the Indonesian firing squad who will drag him to a jungle clearing and kill him shortly after midnight Wednesday . That 's according close supporter and artist Ben Quilty , who has taken to the airwaves in a desperate final bid to stop Sukumaran and fellow Australian inmate Andrew Chan 's execution . ` Myuran always said to me he would never take this lying down , ' Mr Quilty told Radio 2 GB . ` That he would stare them down , that no-one would cover his eyes , that he would face it with dignity . ' As a ` realistic ' Mr Quilty pledged to fight the death penalty ` with everything I have for the rest of my life ' , the Australian duo selected the spiritual advisers who will accompany them to their execution . Scroll down for video . A grim fate awaits Myuran Sukumaran -LRB- seated left -RRB- and Andrew Chan -LRB- right -RRB- , who will be led into a jungle clearing and shot by a firing squad . The execution will likely take place in ` Death Valley ' - a clearing on Nusakambagan . There , they will be given the option to be blindfolded . Mr Quilty said Sukumaran will not cover his eyes . Chintu Sukumaran is pictured after visiting his brother , Myuran , on Nusakambangan at the weekend . Chinthu Sukumaran -LRB- left -RRB- and Michael Chan -LRB- right -RRB- , the brothers of Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan talk to journalists at Wijaya Pura port after visiting their brothers at Nusakambangan prison on Sunday . Lawyer Julian McMahon tearfully carries a self-portrait painted by death row prisoner Myuran Sukumaran . Fairfax Media reported Sukumaran has nominated his friend Christie Buckingham , a senior pastor at Melbourne 's Bayside Church . Meanwhile , Chan has asked Salvation Army minister David Soper - a family friend - to accompany him to the clearing known as Death Valley . The Chan and Sukumaran families took a boat from Cilacap to the island of Nusakambangan on Monday morning for some of their last hours with their loved ones . They initially left the Cilicap port followed by Australia 's consul-general to Bali , Majell Hind , and lawyer Julian McMahon after it was believed they were told the visitation rules had changed . The families have now received notice they will be required to make their final goodbyes on Tuesday afternoon , around 2 pm local time . The Australians will be executed just after the stroke of midnight local time on Wednesday -LRB- 3 am AEST -RRB- . Chan and Sukumaran both refused to sign their execution warrants when they were given 72 hours notice of their deaths during official proceedings on Saturday . The pair said they believed it would be unjust to kill them . Lawyer Julian McMahon carries a self-portrait painted by Australian death row prisoner Myuran Sukumaran . '72 hours just started ' : This painting was signed by Myuran Sukumaran shortly after he was informed he had three days to live . Paintings of a condemned man : Myuran Sukumaran 's lawyer , Julian McMahon , has displayed his most recent self-portraits . Mr McMahon told Radio 3AW the pair were ` magnificently ' calm when they were told of their executions . Chan has requested fresh air and to attend a church service with his family prior to the end . As for Sukumaran , he has asked for as much time to paint as possible . Mr Quilty said he was confident ` Myu ' will face death with ` strength and dignity ' . ` He always said to me he 's made terrible mistakes . I think he 's forgiven himself for the horror of what he did , the crime of what he did . Macabre scene : Coffins are readied for the bodies of the Bali Nine ringleaders Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran . The families have now received notice they will be required to make their final goodbyes to Chan and Sukumaran on Tuesday afternoon , around 2 pm local time . Chan and Sukumaran both refused to sign their execution warrants when they were given 72 hours notice of their deaths during official proceedings on Saturday . ` But he has never been able to forgive himself for what he put his mum through , and his little sister , and his little brother . ` He will face it with strength and dignity . I know that about him . Because he wo n't want his mother to think he 's a weeping mess at the end . ` He 'll want his mum to think he 's brave and strong and dignified . ` And she should be proud of the man he has become . ' Bribery claims around the death sentences of Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan must be investigated urgently as the pair await their execution within days , their lawyer is arguing . Muhammad Rifan , the lawyer who represented the Bali Nine pair when they were sentenced to death in 2006 , has told Fairfax Media judges asked for more than $ 130,000 for a lighter sentence . Mr Rifan raised the claims months ago - without putting a sum on the bribe - and the men 's current lawyer , Todung Mulya Lubis , has already lodged a complaint with the judicial commission , which appears to have stalled . Mr Lubis says the commission has an obligation to finish its probe and it 's not too late to stop the firing squad , which is set for Tuesday . ` We appeal to the attorney-general , we appeal to the president in the name of due process of law , in the name of fairness and justice , not to do the executions , ' he said . ` This is not an act of -LRB- a -RRB- desperado , this is a demand for justice . ' Mr Lubis says claims the men face execution because of a corrupt system must be urgently investigated . ` I know that we are counting the hours , ' Mr Lubis told reporters at Cilacap before visiting the Australians . ` I know that we 've done everything possible under our legal systems . ` But Sukumaran and Chan still feel there 's something wrong with all these legal proceedings , especially at the district court in Bali . '