Professor Ninian Peckitt , 63 , has been struck off after a hearing heard that he punched a patient in the face ten times to fix a broken cheekbone . A groundbreaking facial surgeon has been struck off after repeatedly punching a patient in the face ` like a boxer ' to fix his broken cheekbone . Professor Ninian Peckitt , 63 , claimed he was attempting to reduce the fracture when he hit the patient up to ten times while a colleague held his head , a medical hearing heard . The patient , known as Patient A , had come to Ipswich Hospital in February 2012 after an industrial accident and been operated on by Prof Peckitt , who is a world-renowned facial surgeon . But he required a second procedure after falling off the bed in hospital which displaced his cheekbone . That 's when Prof Peckitt struck the patient while he was under anesthetic . Prof Peckitt , an honorary locum consultant in oral and maxillo-facial surgery at Ipswich Hospital , claimed he ` digitally manipulated ' the patient 's face and denied any wrongdoing . But he was ` erased ' from the medical register after the Medical Practitioners Tribunal Service -LRB- MPTS -RRB- panel found that his fitness to practice was impaired . The hearing heard that Patient A could have been blinded by the force of the punches from Professor Peckitt . Chair Dr Ian Spafford said ` under no circumstances ' would it be appropriate to apply enough force to potentially damage to the optic nerve . Erica Rapaport , a dental surgeon with more than 30 years experience , said she was told to hold the patient 's head before the first punch . She said she was left in ` total shock ' and there were gasps from colleagues in the operating theatre as she gave a harrowing account of the procedure . ` He made his hand into a fist and he hit the patient in the face on the left side of his cheek . ` His hand was about six inches away . I think the first time he punched the patient I was n't holding him and it was then that I was instructed to do so by Prof Peckitt . ` He said that when the patient fell out of bed , the cheekbone which was already fractured was moved outwards so he was trying to re-position it without having to make further cuts to the face . ` He said this at least after the first punch . ` He applied about ten punches like a boxer . He took aim and then punched . ` The first punch was unexpected and then he explained what he was doing . He spoke as he punched again and again . ' After graduating in medicine from the University of Sheffield in 1979 , Mr Peckitt completed further training with the Royal College of Surgeons of England and became a Fellow of the Australasian College of Cosmetic Surgery in 2009 . He has lectured on titanium implants and been published in medical journals so Miss Rapaport said she came into the hospital on her day off to take part in surgery and learn about his renowned techniques . Christopher Hamlet , representing the General Medical Council , previously told the hearing that the case was n't based on the outcome of the procedure but the method . Professor Peckitt did n't seek advice from colleagues and quit his post days later . He was also alleged to have failed to check the medical records of a second patient , Patient B , which led to him attempting an unnecessary procedure on her , and to have treated another , Patient C , for a complex facial deformity without seeking the advice of another surgeon . At the tribunal in Manchester , Miss Rapaport was asked to clarify the analogy by panel member Dr Shazad Amin who suggested it implied Prof Pickett took a ` larger swing ' . Asked if the punch was more ` of a jab ' , she added : ` I meant he was looking to take aim . Professor Ninian Peckitt had been an Honorary locum consultant at Ipswich Hospital when he punched a patient to correct a broken cheekbone . He later wrote the patient 's face had been ` digitally manipulated ' ` When I said it was like a boxer I meant he was carefully aiming where he wanted to hit . ` Then he pulled his hand back to get the maximum hit as he touched the patient 's face . ` I can remember a feeling of total shock the first time he hit the patient because I was n't expecting it and I think anyone who saw what happened was reacting in a similar way and then he asked me to assist by holding the patient 's head . ' -LSB- The punches -RSB- were his fist aimed at the side of the patient 's face . ` He was looking himself and inspecting it and asked if anybody thought the fracture had moved . ` I understand generally it is nice not to have to make an incision but I do not understand the uncontrolled nature of hitting someone . ` I did n't challenge him at the time . I was too shocked . ' Miss Rapaport added that following the operation , Prof Peckitt told her to write that the cheek had been adjusted by ` external pressure ' in her operating notes . She said : ` Prof Peckitt asked me to write up the note and I felt very challenged by what he had just done . I asked him if he would write it and he said he would dictate the exact words for me to write down . ` He said `` the left malar was adjusted by external pressure '' . They were precisely his words . ` I particularly -LSB- did n't want to -RSB- write the note because accurately I would have had to write `` Prof Peckitt punched the patient to try and move the left zygoma '' and that 's not something I would have wanted to do . ` I did n't challenge him . Partly because he is a consultant and partly because I was so shocked that I did n't have the strength to argue . ` I did n't see any damage , I just thought it was a very unusual technique . ` I was holding his head very still . It must have moved a little -LSB- when he punched -RSB- but not much . ` Prof Peckitt is much stronger than I am so I could only give as much support as I could so it might have moved a little . ` If I asked you to hold something still then I punched it , you do n't know how hard someone is going to punch so you do n't know how much resistance to apply . ' Prof Peckitt has pioneered ` engineering-assisted ' surgery techniques and written extensively on the subject , as well as cosmetic surgery . He is now believed to be working as a consultant surgeon in Dubai and elected not to attend the hearing but issued an email in which he 'em phatically denied ' the allegations . He claimed he was being ` victimised ' but the panel ignored these claims and the professor was struck off . Panel chair Ian Spafford said : ` The Panel has determined that Mr Peckitt 's misconduct is fundamentally incompatible with his continuing to practise medicine . ` Therefore , it has determined that , in the particular circumstances of this case , it would not be sufficient nor proportionate to suspend his registration . ` The Panel is of the view that the public interest requires that it be made clear that Mr Peckitt 's behaviour is unacceptable in a member of the medical profession . ` The Panel has determined to direct that Mr Peckitt 's name be erased from the Medical Register . ` In the light of all the evidence presented to it , it is satisfied that erasure is a proportionate sanction in his case . '