Images revealing the shocking extent of gender stereotyping in toy shops have been posted online under the hashtag #NotAnAprilFools . The pictures show a wide divide between the aspirations set out for girls and boys , with females offered pink beautician 's outfits while males are offered doctor 's uniforms . Products intended for infants are equally polarised , with babygros for girls emblazoned with a slogan that reads : ` I hate my thighs ' . The fancy dress options for girls and boys hint at very different future careers . Babygros reading ` I hate my thighs ' and ` I 'm super ' left customers in one store feeling cross . By contrast , the boy 's effort offers up the much more pleasant : ` I 'm super ' . The #NotAnAprilFools feed , which was launched by campaign group Let Toys Be Toys , is based on the idea that the toys are so ridiculous that they must be a joke . The images sparked a furious response from Twitter users , with several getting in touch to complain about the gender stereotyping . Bethany Usher 's angry Tweet was typical , with the journalist writing : ` When I was little @ELCtoys were actually about Learning . Now about learning gender stereotypes ? ' Other examples included separate cookbooks , with boys getting to make gourmet burgers and giant chocolate sundaes , while girls make small pink cupcakes . Girls ' cookbooks include recipes for delicate cupcakes , while boys are encouraged to make burgers . Pink has become the colour of choice for companies marketing products for girls . Many more of the boys ' words evoke action and bravery whereas the girls ' ones focus on looks and fluff . Let Toys Be Toys , a campaign group set up by a group of British parents two years ago , is petitioning retailers to end the practice of labelling products by gender . One of the campaign 's founders , Tricia Lowther , 46 , a self-employed copywriter from Durham , told MailOnline : . ` It does bother a lot of parents , we seem to have tapped in to a huge and growing sense of frustration with the way toys are promoted according to outdated , illogical and sexist stereotypes . ` I ca n't speak for any of the others but what pushed me to make a stand was the realisation , after my daughter was born , that gender stereotyping in children 's products had become worse than when I was a child myself back in the Seventies . ` It 's something that has become almost impossible to escape and is very limiting for children . ' Boys will be learning to draw warriors while women draw faces and flowers . Wizards and werewolves are favourite subjects for boys ' books - but not for girls . Many parents responded to the images of the sexist toys by posting pictures of their children playing with ` the other gender 's toys ' . They included two girls playing with a train set , a little boy pushing a pram and a little girl covered in mud playing in the garden . The campaign has gathered momentum in response to what Let Toys Be Toys describe as the increasing gender stereotyping of toys and the dearth of neutral playthings . Not all , however , are so keen with many parents arguing that pink and blue toys are harmless . But campaigners point to the domestic nature of the majority of girls ' products and say that by contrast , boys are encouraged to play with science sets , cars and action heroes . But most items that relate to being domesticated are aimed at girls . In contrast boys are encouraged to play with science sets , cars and action heroes . Not even food is immune as these differently coloured crisp packets reveal . A blue and green slide marketed at boys also roused the ire of campaigners . One mother who is throwing her weight behind the campaign is psychologist Dr Linda Papadopoulos , 44 , who told MailOnline that it is essential to challenge these stereotypes . ` I think any toy or any activity that dispels the idea that a girl 's value lies just in the way she looks ; that shows she can be more than that , that she can do more , is a positive idea . ` Sadly female scientists or business leaders are n't celebrated in the same way that males are , so -LSB- the launch of a range of female scientist Lego figurines -RSB- is fantastic . ` The younger you can get girls to see these things as the norm the better . Getting them to see that it 's just as normal for a woman to wear a white doctor 's or scientist 's coat as it is for a man ; that 's such an important thing . ` The whole idea that there is the whole idea that there is just one section for girls - the pink section - reinforces gender stereotypes . ` Of course , there 's always going to be evolutionary differences , but so many more toys aimed at girls have to do with being pretty and looking a certain way , whereas those all about having fun and action heroes are for boys . ` Girls need to be seen as doers rather than passive , to subvert the objectification of women . The object is someone acted upon ; `` how can I make my hair curlier , my lips pinker , my eyes brighter '' . ` I think there 's a problem here . ' #GirlsLoveTrains is also a hashtag . Parents sharing pictures of their ` princesses ' playing with ` boys ' toys ' #caringboys is pics of little boys playing with baby dolls and pushing them around in prams -LRB- playing dad -RRB- . Dr Linda says any activity that dispels the idea that a girl 's value lies just in the way she looks is positive .