It has long been a complaint that all politicians are the same . Now the Green party has set it to music , with a new election advert featuring David Cameron , Nick Clegg , Ed Miliband and Nigel Farage forming a bizarre pro-austerity boyband . The video , complete with dry ice , glittering podiums and the obligatory key change , is designed to show that despite their claims to the contrary , the Tories , Lib Dems , Labour and Ukip are all singing the same tune on cuts , public services and immigration . The video begins with ` David Cameron ' playing a white grand piano , with ` Ed Miliband ' looking on . It sees Mr Cameron entering a polling booth and telling voters how ` a vote for me 's the same as a vote for any of us guys ' The advert is designed to show that despite their claims to the contrary , the Tories , Lib Dems , Labour and Ukip are all singing the same tune on cuts , public services and immigration . The song , Change The Tune , features comedians playing the four party leaders forming a boyband called Coalition . According to the Green party , the quartet ` sing in harmony about their shared love of austerity and fondness for fracking ' . It sees Mr Cameron tell voters how ` a vote for me 's the same as a vote for any of us guys ' . The chorus includes the lyrics : ` It 's sweeter when we all agree , a party political harmony . Lose your voting inhibitions . Join the one true coalition . ' It also takes a swipe at the background of leading politicians , with the verse : ` The choice between us could n't be clearer , Oxford ! Cambridge ! Diversity for ya , Whether it 's Trident or High Speed Two , The lesser of four evils is up to you . ' Notably the video , which last 3minutes , 40 seconds , does not feature Green leader Natalie Bennett at all . With the party leaders forming a boyband called Coalition , the video is complete with dry ice , glittering podiums and the obligatory key change . Dancing around a large pound sign , the four leaders are shown singing : ` Austerity ! Austerity ! Austerity ! ' Green party leader Natatlie Bennett said she wanted to show how the Establishment parties ` have been singing from the same hymn sheet ' The chorus includes the lyrics : ` It 's sweeter when we all agree , a party political harmony . Lose your voting inhibitions . Join the one true coalition ' She has suffered a series of difficult media appearances in recent weeks , including claiming people who join ISIS should not be criminalised , struggling to make her housing sums add up and admitting it could take decades to implement her ` citizen 's income ' . Despite the gaffes , the Green party has enjoyed a sharp rise in popularity in the last year and now boasts more members than both the Lib Dems and Ukip . Unveiling the new advert , Ms Bennett said : ` For many years the Establishment parties have been singing from the same hymn sheet . ` The Westminster consensus -- which sees all other parties sign up to austerity economics , privatisation of our public services and inaction on climate change -- is coming to an end . The Green Party is offering a real alternative to business-as-usual politics . ` We want an economy that works for everyone , not just those at the top . That means bringing in a Living Wage of £ 10 an hour by 2020 and fair taxes on rich individuals and Britain 's biggest corporations . ` Voting Green on May 7th is a chance for people to play their part in breaking open the political harmony of the Establishment parties . '