Tony Pulis has discussed pre-season plans with Saido Berahino in an indication he plans to keep the striker beyond the summer transfer window . Berahino is likely to be away with Gareth Southgate 's England under 21 side in the Czech Republic until late June so Pulis has begun his preparations early . West Bromwich Albion were open to bids of £ 20million for Berahino in January and the 21-year-old has said he would leave to fulfil his desire to play in Champions League football . West Brom manager Tony Pulis has talked pre-season plans with Saido Berahino in an indication the England under 21 striker will remain at The Hawthorns beyond the summer . Berahino has been linked with a move away from West Brom after saying he wants to play European football . Pulis said : ` Hopefully he 's away with the under 21s so I have had a chat with him about pre-season and the time he 'll have off but I have n't spoken about anything else to him . ` I think the kid is happy here , he has played that way and certainly worked that way . We 're more than happy to have him here because he has been very good . ' Berahino shares the same agent as Raheem Sterling , Aidy Ward , who was criticised by Brendan Rodgers over the Liverpool player 's contract stand-off . Pulis said : ` Agents can have a massive influence on players in lots of respects . My argument to that is in the same in life , you get good agents and you get bad agents . Berahino is likely to be included in the England under 21 squad for this summer 's European Championships . Berahino scored a vital goal in England 's under 21 play-off with Croatia back in October . ` Professional footballers have been given a gift and they have a lifespan of about 10-12 years . We should never forget that . To be the best is what they should be aiming for . ` If I had an agent I 'd just say , ` Look after the money , make sure when I finish this job I have enough to look after my family ' . I would n't be talking to my agent about football . ' Pulis added : ` I ca n't speak for Sterling and I ca n't speak for the agent as I have n't dealt with that but the one thing I have said about Saido , he has been fantastic here . ` There 's been a real change in his attitude , his commitment to everything we 've tried to do has been brilliant . '