Furious parents have launched a campaign to overturn a primary school headteacher 's decision to ban all drinks except water during the school day . Headteacher Linda Shute has banned children from consuming drinks - including tea , coffee , fruit juice and soft drinks - in a bid to protect the long-term health of pupils at Rowdown Primary School in New Addington , south London . But some parents believe the water-only rule is too strict , claiming many children go all day without a drink because they do not like water . Scroll down for video . A headteacher is forcing primary school pupils to only drink water during the school day after banning all other drinks , including fruit juice . Samantha Moore , who launched the petition , said : ` As a mother , I have the right to choose what my son drinks . ' Another campaigner , Anela , from Croydon , added : ` They should be able to drink whatever they want and not just water because some kids do n't like water . ' Mrs Shute , who announced her aims by enforcing the rule in a school newsletter last month , said : ` The water-only policy is being very well supported by parents and children . ` Thank you for this and know in your hearts , if you have any doubts , this policy is for the long-term health of all your children . ' But her move provoked a backlash from some , who branded it a ` joke ' . Alan Fay said : ` It 's about time that schools started looking after the kids again and stop just doing what is told by the powers above . ' Gemma Irwin , from New Addington , added : ` I believe that it should be up to the parent what their child drinks . ` If teachers are allowed tea and coffee , why ca n't a child have a bottle of juice or flavoured water ? ' But the school has defended its decision . The rule has been enforced to protect the long-term health of pupils at Rowdown Primary School -LRB- pictured -RRB- in New Addington , south London . It follows a similar ban which sparked anger at Valence Primary School in Dagenham , east London , when it was introduced in January last year . Headteacher Elizabeth Chaplin brought in the new rule as part of a ` health drive ' and drinks other than water were poured down the sink . In June last year , children at Carlton Central Infants ' School in Nottingham , were barred from drinking fruit squash - a measure opposed by some parents . Tam Fry , chairman of the Child Growth Foundation and spokesman for the National Obesity Forum , is among campaigners who have pushed for healthy drink options in schools . He has praised schools that clamp down on sugar-filled juices , which he believes should be limited to one small glass a week . Mr Fry said : ` Fruit juice is known to be really laden with sugar , and it needs to be a treat - not an everyday occurrence . The preference in schools should be water , which is hugely beneficial . '