This is the moment a thief fled the scene after stealing the sat nav from a 73-year-old injured pensioner 's crashed car as she waited for an ambulance . The 73-year-old woman suffered severe bruising to her legs and ribs after her blue Vauxhall Corsa collided with railings on the petrol forecourt of the Asda store in Hulme , Manchester . She was waiting from an ambulance with her husband , who has dementia , when the thief sneaked into her car and stole the black Garmin device from underneath the passenger seat . A member of the public took a photograph of the suspect as he left the scene and walked across the grass with his dog at around 12 pm last Thursday . A man wearing purple shorts was photographed leaving the scene after a sat nav was stolen from a 73-year-old injured pensioner 's crashed car in Hulme , Manchester . The man is described as being between 30 and 40 , with a beard and wearing purple surf-style shorts . Police have issued the photograph of the suspected offender and are appealing to anyone who might know this man to come forward . PC Paul Brunton from Greater Manchester Police said : ` I have spoken to the woman and in her victim impact statement she has described this thief as ` the lowest of the low ' . ` As she and her husband waited for an ambulance , injured from the collision moments before , what they needed was help and assistance but instead this thief took advantage of the opportunity , preyed upon their vulnerable state and stole their sat nav . The 73-year-old woman suffered severe bruising to her legs and ribs after her blue Vauxhall Corsa collided with railings on the petrol forecourt of the Asda store in Hulme , Manchester -LRB- not pictured -RRB- . ` It is a sickening , appalling and cruel act and while I doubt the thief is ashamed of himself , I 'm sure anyone reading or hearing this appeal will be disgusted . ` I would ask that people use that sense of indignation to help us find this man . ` A member of the public took a picture of the thief brazenly walking away from the scene with his dog . ` He was wearing distinctive shorts so hopefully someone will recognise this man as someone local to this area . ` If you do recognise him or if you even know this man , then please do the right thing and call us . ' Anyone with information is asked to call police on 101 or the independent charity Crimestoppers , anonymously , on 0800 555 111 .