The co-authors of Pete Evans ' controversial infant cookbook have spoken out in defence of the chef 's decision to independently release the book despite being dumped by publishers . Speaking on The Morning Show , co-authors of ` Bubba Yum Yum : The Paleo Way ' , Charlotte Carr and Helen Padarin said they are ` confident ' about the changes they have made to the book since it was branded with major health warnings . The cookbook , which was supposed to be released last Month was delayed before being cancelled completely by Pan Macmillan over grave concerns about a recipe for baby formula made from liver and bone broth . Scroll down for video . Pete Evans ' -LRB- pictured -RRB- book was dumped by publishers Pan Macmillan after it was revealed that one of the recipes included the ingredients liver and bone broth . We do n't want confusion . ` We 've taken all of the -LSB- health -RSB- information on board and applied it to the book ' said Carr on the popular morning show . ` We 're very confident that this is a very safe , gentle , beautiful book for children , ' she said . ` We 're really confident that the information we 've got in the book is very good information , ' Padarin added . ` It is a recipe book , it 's not a way of treatment or medicine . If people have issues then yes , of course they should be seeing a practitioner about it . ' The pair did address the controversial ` Happy Tummy Brew ' recipe which attracted criticism for it 's ingredients , claiming they have added more vitamin C to the formula . The recipe is based on a formula by a US health company called Weston A Price . The Paelo Way co-authors Charlotte Carr -LRB- centre -RRB- and Helen Padarin -LRB- right -RRB- have spoken out in defence of Pete Evan 's -LRB- left -RRB- decision to release the book independently . Pete Evans is famously known for his role as a judge on My Kitchen Rules alongside Manu Fieldel -LRB- left -RRB- . ` We had just taken the recipe and put it in -LSB- the book -RSB- and it needed more details , ' Carr said . ` Happy Tummy Brew ' , ` It was called a formula and by definition it 's not a formula - it 's a drink - so we 've changed -LSB- the name -RSB- and made it really clear about when it should be implemented in the child 's diet so it 's really safe . ' Professor Heather Yeatman , president of the Public Health Association of Australia said there was a ` very real possibility that a baby may die if this book goes ahead ' . However , the book is reportedly set for release online amidst the controversy . Australian Women 's Weekly recently reported that Naturopath Helen Padarin had been slammed by the Health Care Complaints Commission with sources saying she breached their codes of conduct . Pete Evans has been dropped as the celebrity ambassador for popular salad chain ` Sumo Salad ' She reportedly provided incorrect information over the nutritional comparisons between breast milk and baby formula made of liver and bone broth - a recipe in Bubba Yum Yum . Blogger and co-author , Charlotte Carr has also received negative headlines after it was revealed that she has been doing voice-overs for fast-food chains KFC , Coca-Cola and Cadbury 's whilst promoting a paleo lifestyle . In March , chef Pete Evans declared that he was forging ahead with his plans to release the book independently after being sensationally dumped by his publisher . ` Charlotte , Helen and I are thrilled to announce that ` Bubba Yum Yum The Paleo Way ' will be a proudly independent digital worldwide release in April with print to follow , ' Evans ' Facebook post read at the time . Bubba Yum Yum : The Paleo Way is set to be self-published at the end of this month as a digital book . ` We did n't want to wait , too many people are wanting this beautiful treasure trove of nutritional recipes and we are extremely thankful to all our followers and colleagues for their support . ` A huge thank goes out to all the media for helping raise awareness about this over the last week , we hope you continue to do more of the same . ' Pan Macmillan also distanced themselves from the TV chef 's baby book , posting a statement to their website to say they would not be publishing the book in any format . Sumo Salad maintains that their decision was not due to Evans ' paleo controversies . ` The authors of Bubba Yum Yum : The Paleo Way - for new mums , babies and toddlers have decided to release a digital version of the book very shortly , and will , therefore , no longer publish the book , in any format , with Pan Macmillan Australia , ' a statement from the publisher read . The celebrity chef lost another profitable deal at the start of April after being dropped as an ambassador by the national salad chain , Sumo Salad . The food chain strongly denied that the move was related to Evans ' recent paleo controversies , and maintained that the decision to not renew his two-year contract was made a long time ago . The head of marketing for Sumo Salad , Petra Orrenius told news.com.au they had a positive collaboration with Pete Evans but had been with him for too long . They have decided to take their marketing in a different direction and this does not include Evans . ` I think often when you 're trying to make a difference you have to be a bit radical and stand out . We 've always been very supportive of Pete and we 're happy with that , ' Orrenius said . The book is co-authored by Charlotte Carr -LRB- left -RRB- who is also facing critics after it was revealed that she has been doing voice-overs for fast-food chains .