The mother of a young woman who suffers from lupus , an inflammatory disease which affects the immune system , has hit back at a stranger who left a cruel note on her daughter 's car claiming she had no right to park in a disabled space -- despite the fact that she has a handicap permit . Corinna Skorpenske , from Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , took to Facebook to publicly shame the anonymous note writer , while also defending her daughter Harley Jo , a student at Ohio State University , and her condition . ` My first reaction was anger , ' Corinna told Yahoo Health . ` On top of everything she deals with she did n't need this . Harley is very strong , and many times she just lets it go . But because she is human I know she feels something . ' Noted : Harley Jo Skorpenske , who suffers from lupus , discovered this note on her car after stopping at a CVS in Cleveland , Ohio . Keeping up appearances : The disability caused by Harley 's illness is not visible to others , but presents her with a battle every day . The harsh note , which was left on Harley 's car , despite the fact that that her official handicap tag was clearly visible , read : ` You should be ashamed ! When you take a handicap spot , an actual disabled person suffers . You were not raised as you should have been . ' The person who wrote it evidently saw Harley walk into the pharmacy unaided , and assumed that she was lying about being disabled . In response to the note , Harley 's mother Corinna wrote an open letter on Facebook , hoping it would eventually reach the person whose ignorance had so upset her daughter , and also aiming to raise awareness for non-visible ` ghost diseases ' such as Harley 's . Including a photo of the note lying on top of Harley 's handicap tag , Corinna wrote in her post : ` To the person who left this on my daughter 's car . You 'd never know : Harley may struggle every day , but she continues to persevere , unbeknownst to many of those around her . Mom knows best : Corrina Skorpenske -LRB- pictured -RRB- hopes to find the writer of the note and change that person 's - and others ' - perceptions about ` ghost diseases ' ` Wishing so much for you to have stopped and talked to this amazing person before leaving this . If you had , you would have known that my daughter has a disease . ' Systemic lupus erythematosus is an autoimmune disease that causes the body to attack its own tissue , leading to inflammation that results in visible swelling and joint pain . The disease affects women much more frequently than men and leaves suffers feeling extremely fatigued . The condition is also typified by a ` butterfly rash ' which spreads across the face of many with the illness . There is no cure for lupus , but most of those afflicted are able to live a normal lifespan on medication . Corinna went on to explain in detail the laborious battle her daughter has been through since being diagnosed with lupus aged 16 . ` It started with her joints swelling and the pain being so bad she could hardly walk , ' Corinna said . ` But she continued going to school and keeping up with her community service . ' The teenager went on to suffer a facial rash and hair loss - and had to attend her prom in a wig . She would go on to battle debilitating muscle pain , hearing loss , multiple lung collapses and a month-long stay in the hospital that forced her to postpone her studies . But , incredibly , the young lady always made it back - although ` not at 100 per cent ' her mother explained . ` She struggles every day with permanent damage she has had to one side of her body and with hearing loss , but baby she keeps going ! ' gushed Corinna in the letter . ` I think you would love her ' : Harley 's mother leapt to her daughter 's -LRB- pictured -RRB- defense in an open letter , describing her as a fighter and an ` amazing person ' ` I may not be a perfect parent , but I know I did good with her ! ' Corinna 's letter is finished with a plea to the writer of the note , saying she hopes to find him or her : ` Not to tell you how wrong you were in leaving that note ... but to give you the opportunity to meet My Girl . I think you would love her -LSB- sic -RSB- . ' ` People with ghost illnesses are often labeled as lazy or fakes , ' Corinna told Yahoo Health . ` We never know what burdens people struggle with . Often we are so quick to judge or make assumptions , but if we just take the time to ask them , they are often very willing to educate them on it . Their pain and discomfort is real . '