A local council has been criticised for banning an Indian food stall from a St George 's Day event because it ` only wanted English food ' . British-born stall-holder Tania Rahman , 27 , was asked by Salisbury City Council if she wanted to run a stand at the celebration later this month . But when she asked to be counted in she was told her stall , Chit Chaat Chai , would not be allowed because it is not ` English-themed ' . ` Discriminatory ' : Tania Rahman received a letter from Salisbury City Council telling her it would not accept her offer to run a food stall at a St George 's Day event because it ` only wanted English food ' The council has now apologised after their response sparked a backlash from locals - who pointed out that chicken tikka masala is a British-made dish . Ms Rahman , of Andover , Hampshire , was one of many food stall-holders who applied to take part in the event planned for Sunday , April 26 . When her application was rejected , she was sent a response she has branded ` discriminatory ' . It read : ` It has been decided that St Georges day will be English themed food only . Many Thanks , Salisbury City Council . ' Ms Rahman said : ` When I received the email my initial reaction was ` am I reading this right ? ' . I could n't believe it . I was hugely disappointed . ` I consider myself to be English - I was born in this country . How far does it go ? Can only English people attend the event ? U-turn : The council has since apologised for the letter and reversed their decision by inviting Ms Rahman to run a stand on the day . ` It is the utter ignorance of it all that makes me most upset . Why should I not be allowed to trade on St George 's Day ? ` It is a day celebrated all over the world . The whole thing has been very upsetting . ' Questioning the wording of the letter , she added : ` In all respect , with English cuisine in modern day England what can we actually define to be English food ? ` To say that one food is English cuisine and another is n't , I beg to differ . To think Indian food itself plays a huge part in English day food , it seems silly not to have it there . ` Chicken Tikka Masala is the nation 's favourite dish and St George himself was born in Palestine . I just thought they can not be serious . ' She added : ` Salisbury is one of the most multi-cultural towns in Wiltshire . For them to turn around and say they do n't want my food there because it is n't English enough is discriminatory . ' Miss Rahman posted the council 's email on her Facebook page , which was criticised by her followers and friends . Street party : An image captured at last year 's St George 's Day Festival in Salisbury . The annual festival takes place in Salisbury city centre on Sunday . Friend Jordan Harris said : ` I wonder if they 'll be checking passports and heritage on the day to make sure the crowd is positively English . ' A spokeswoman for Salisbury City Council said the authority ` never intended to be racist ' . Annie Child , deputy city clerk , said : ` The Council acknowledges that the email sent to Ms Rahman was poorly worded . The Council never intended to be racist . ` The theme of the St George 's Day event in 2015 was olde worlde traditional English with Morris Dancers and dragon fighting . ` Ms Rahman has raised some very interesting points about modern England and the council will wish to reflect upon these issues when setting the theme for the St George 's Day in 2016 and onwards . ` The council is delighted to offer Ms Rahman an opportunity to trade at the St George 's Day event as part of our apology to her . Defence : A spokeswoman for Salisbury City Council said the authority ` never intended to be racist ' ` The council is sorry for any offence caused and looks forward to seeing Chit Chaat Chai trading in Salisbury . ' Ms Rahman has stated she will now reluctantly accept the council 's offer of the stall . She said : ` When they offered us a stall my first reaction was to say no because they did n't want us there to start with , but the people seem to really want us there so we will be there . '