Decided ? Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg has spoken - and acted - in a way which suggests her strong supporting for legalizing same sex marriage . Ruth Bader Ginsburg has already made up her mind about gay marriage , a report has claimed , ahead of a landmark Supreme Court hearing which could legalize the practice nationwide . The famously liberal justice , who is 82 , will be part of a decision which begins hearing arguments tomorrow on whether states are allowed to ban same-sex unions and refuse to recognize those made in other states . Ginsburg , who has sat on the court since 1993 , has been unusually open about her opinions ahead of the cases . cutting against a long-held tradition of not speaking out in advance . The new report , Yahoo! Politics , cited interviews in which Ginsburg has referred to the American public becoming more accepting of gay rights in general - and has even officiated at same-sex ceremonies . Ahead of the first such ceremony , held in Washington , D.C. , in August 2013 , she told the Washington Post that she understood the symbolic implications of her involvement . She said the wedding , of her friend Michael M. Kaiser , president of the Kennedy Center , to economist John Roberts , would ` be one more statement that people who love each other and want to live together should be able to enjoy the blessings and the strife in the marriage relationship . ' She will get the chance to make her views known in the upcoming case of Obergefell v. Hodges , for which arguments will be heard from Tuesday and a decision is expected this summer . The case is being brought by James Obergefell , an Ohio man who married his husband in Maryland but was not allowed to name himself as spouse on his husband 's death certificate in his home state . Currently 37 states allow gay marriage , as well as Washington , D.C. - but Ohio is one of 13 which has held out . Protests : Pictured are gay rights protesters camped out in front of the Supreme Court this weekend . Obergefell v. Hodges will be heard from tomorrow . Votes : Ginsburg is one of four liberal-voting Supreme Court justices , though Anthony Kennedy -LRB- front row , second from right -RRB- has often sided with them on gay rights issues . Pictured above are all the Supreme Court Justices . On the front row -LRB- left to right -RRB- are Clarence Thomas , Antonin Scalia , John G. Roberts , Kennedy and Ginsburg . Behind them -LRB- also left to right -RRB- are Sonia Sotomayor , Stephen Breyer , Sameul Alito and Elena Kagan . The Supreme Court will determine whether the Constitution guarantees all citizens the right to same sex marriage , which could void all the remaining bans . And if it determines that recognizing gay marriage is still up to individual states , the court could also decide that states are obliged to recognize gay marriage performed elsewhere in the U.S. . After a 2012 ruling , the federal government is already required to recognize gay marriage in states where they are allowed . The liberal wing 's four justices are expected to vote in favor of gay marriage , and could be joined by the more conservative Anthony Kennedy , who has often sided with liberals on issues of personal freedom , which would provide the five votes necessary for a majority . In an interview with Bloomberg earlier this year , Ginsburg insisted that ` it would not take a large adjustment ' for Americans to accept gay marriage across the board , and that the country has become far more accepting . Gay marriage opponents have said that Ginsburg previous actions and public statements go so far as to make her unfit to hear the case . Battle : The case was prompted by James Obergefell , left , who wants the state of Ohio to recognize him as his husband 's spouse on his death certificate . He is taking on Richard Hodges , right , who leads Ohio 's department of health . Couple : Obergefell , left , married his husband John Arthur in Maryland shortly before his death - but has not been allowed to name himself as Arthur 's spouse on his death certificate . Both the National Organization for Marriage and the American Family Association , which oppose gay marriage , have demanded that Ginsburg remove herself from the case because she officiated over the ceremony . They made the same demand of Justice Elena Kagan , another liberal justice , who has officiated a ceremony as well . If both justices were to agree it would leave the court two liberals down and unlikely to side with the legalization . However , according to legal scholars , neither has done anything wrong because the earlier court decision had already vindicated same-sex marriages in states which had legalized them . It has been speculated that Justice Kennedy could be the swing vote in this issue . A recent report by the Associated Press speculated that his professional links with a California law school dean who hired him in the 1950s could have embedded some early sympathies . The report , citing people who knew him when he taught at McGeorge School of Law in Sacramento , said that being mentored by Gordon Schaber , who never married and was widely thought to gay , could swing him towards favoring gay rights . Kennedy is likely , the report said , to eventually write the Supreme Court decision in Obergefell v. Hodges , which would follow several other written opinions expanding gay rights .