A girl who believed she had a bad hangover was found to have 13 blood clots in her lungs . Holly Barber , from Manchester , woke up feeling unwell and with chest and neck pains -- but chalked it down to heavy drinking a few days before . But when the 25-year-old started coughing up blood she knew it was something serious . She rushed to hospital , where doctors found 13 pulmonary embolisms , blood clots blocking the main artery of her lungs , killing the tissue and stopping her from breathing properly . She was treated with medication but , incredibly , a year later was dealt another blow -- when medics found another melon-sized blockage in her right lung . Holly Barber , 25 , was horrified to be told she had 13 blood clots in her lungs as she believed she was suffering was just a bad hangover . She is pictured before -LRB- left -RRB- and after her diagnosis -LRB- right -RRB- . Ms Barber began coughing up blood and was having difficulty breathing , so rushed to hospital . It was there doctors diagnosed pulmonary embolisms - blood clots that were blocking the arteries in her lungs . She was horrified to be told the blockage was so big she was probably days from death . She now takes blood-thinning medication to prevent future clots , but the shock of the ordeal has led her to completely changed her lifestyle . She has given up drinking and taken up exercise in an effort to lead the healthiest life possible , and wants to encourage other to do the same . Ms Barber , who has set up her own diet business , said : ` I was so scared when I started coughing up blood , I had no idea what was happening to me but I knew it was n't a hangover . ` I used to love partying with friends but after suffering from 13 blood clots , I knew I needed to change my ways . ` A terrifying experience like this gives you a brand new outlook and makes you appreciate things so much more , I 'm lucky to be alive . ` I did like a drink but you have to look at the bigger picture . ' A pulmonary embolism is a blockage in the pulmonary artery , which is the blood vessel that carries blood from the heart to the lungs . As in Miss Barber 's case , it can be life threatening , as it can prevent blood from reaching the lungs . A pulmonary embolism is a blockage in the pulmonary artery , which is the blood vessel that carries blood from the heart to the lungs . This blockage -- usually a blood clot -- is potentially life threatening , as it can prevent blood from reaching the lungs . The symptoms of a pulmonary embolism can sometimes be difficult to recognise because they can vary between individuals . But the main symptoms include : . chest pain -- a sharp , stabbing pain that may be worse when you breathe in . shortness of breath -- this can come on suddenly or develop gradually . coughing -- this is usually dry , but may include coughing up blood or mucus that contains blood . feeling faint , dizzy or passing out . A person should visit their GP as soon as possible if you have a combination of these symptoms . If symptoms are particularly severe , dial 999 immediately and ask for an ambulance . Source : NHS Choices . The symptoms , feeling dizzy , chest pain , coughing and being short of breath can sometimes be difficult to recognise because they can vary between individuals . Ms Barber first discovered she was battling with pulmonary embolisms in 2012 , when she was 22-years-old . She was feeling weak and ill , but had been heavily drinking and partying a few days before , so she presumed it was just a bad hangover . Then she started coughing up blood , struggling to catch her breath and suffering from chest and neck pains so her mother Carol Mack , 54 , and stepfather Bob Tomkins , 57 , decided to rush her to hospital . A scan revealed she had 13 blood clots in her lungs , though it was found they had not spread from her legs , where clots normally form . Despite many tests , nothing could explain what had caused her pulmonary embolisms . The only possible risk factor was the contraceptive pill , which she stopped taking straightaway . She was put on Heparin injections -- which thin the blood - to prevent any blood clots from reoccurring , as well as other drugs to reduce the pain . Ms Barber said : ` I had to inject myself every month and I was on pain relief for some months after suffering from my blood clots . ` I was constantly anxious for a year and I suffered from panic attacks and anxiety . ' Because of this anxiety , when she got a similar pain again in May 2013 - almost exactly a year later - she just thought that she was being paranoid and chose to ignore it . Luckily , she eventually forced herself to go back to hospital and a CT scan revealed she had a melon-sized blockage in her right lung . The blood clot has entered the artery of her right lung after passing through the heart , and had blocked the artery , cutting off blood supply so a large part of the lung tissue around it had died . Ms Barber said : ` It was the size of a melon and almost covered my heart , if I had left it any longer I would have died . A year later , Ms Barber was rushed to hospital again , and doctors found a melon-sized blockage in her lungs . She is pictured here with partner Steven , who she lives with in Manchester . Before her illness -LRB- left and right -RRB- , Ms Barber was a ` party girl ' and loved to drink . She has now given up drinking in favour of a healthy lifestyle . ` I did like a drink but you have to look at the bigger picture ' , she said . She will now have to take the warfarin , which stops her blood from clotting , for the rest of her life . The shock of being diagnosed twice has meant she has decided to turn her life around . Some doctors advised she should n't exercise because the pulmonary embolisms meant her lungs ' ability to pump oxygen around the body was reduced . But she has found safe ways to exercise and plans to run the Great Manchester Run in May to show other sufferers that it is possible . She said : ` I 'm so thankful to be alive , I have set up my own healthy lifestyle business called Healthy Fit + which helps others make the right lifestyle choices . ` I have never felt better and I hope my story shows others who have suffered from pulmonary Embolisms that they can achieve their fitness goals . ' Ms Barber has been with her boyfriend Steven , who works for a solar panel company , for nearly four years and they now have their own flat in Manchester together . But Ms Barber is uncertain whether her reduced lung capacity will mean she will be able to have children . She said : ` I really want children in the future because I am a maternal person but it would be a high risk pregnancy . Ms Barber has now set up her own diet business , hoping to encourage others to take up healthy habits . ` I would have to be in a good condition , hence my healthy lifestyle now . ' Dr Noel Snell , Director of Research at the British Lung Foundation , said : ` A pulmonary embolism - better known as a blood clot in the lungs - causes a blockage in a pulmonary artery , the blood vessel that carries blood from the heart to the lungs . ` Some blood clots can be life-threatening , for example a large clot in the main artery . ` Sometimes people will get multiple small recurrent blood clots and will notice that they become increasingly breathless and experience chest pains - these can be quite difficult to spot and are often diagnosed late . ' To help Ms Barber raise funds for her Greater Manchester Run visit her Just Giving page .