It was once the edgiest place in town , attracting the word 's biggest bands to its iconic stage - but 30 years later Cleveland 's Variety Theater is silent . The venue was renowned for its rock concerts but everything changed in 1984 when heavy metal band Motorhead played a gig so loud it literally began to bring the house down . As the crowd went wild over the group 's unique ear-shattering brand of music , the ceiling cracked and pieces of plaster began to fall on the audience - ending the concert and the life of the Variety Theater in one deafening shriek . Abandoned for 30 years : The Variety Theater in Cleveland was once a buzzing music venue but was closed down after the ceiling cracked during a Motorhead gig in 1984 . The power was cut off to stop the band from playing and two years later a judge ordered the theater to be sealed off for good . Built in 1927 , The Variety Theater was home to one of the earliest single screen cinemas in Cleveland , Ohio , before becoming an iconic music venue . The 20,000 sq ft main stage hosted the likes of Metallica , the Dead Kennedy 's and R.E.M. before Motorhead 's fatal performance on December 2 1984 . Since then it has stayed abandoned and hidden from public eye until now , thirty years later , a photographer has captured a collection of eery images offering a fascinating glimpse into music history . Seph Lawless , the 37-year-old photojournalist from Cleveland who took these incredible pictures , said : ` I 'm Cleveland born and raised and I 've always been into rock and roll . ` This theater has gone down in folklore in my hometown and it always had that air of mystery when we were kids growing up . Crumbling and rotting remains : The once-iconic Ohio venue was sealed off on the order of a judge in 1986 , two years after Motorhead 's gig . ` It was really inspiring to go in and photograph the theater , it 's something I 've always wanted to do and at times it actually felt like I was stepping back in time . ` I love rock and roll music so it was just incredible , it was like a time capsule to that era and that all the bands who performed there were captured in the fabric of the building . ' Seph is a photojournalist specialising in nostalgic pictures . He recently completed a trip around the United States where he took photographs of abandoned or neglected buildings in every state . Due to the efforts of The Friends of the Historic Variety Theater , an organization that owns the huge building , a scheme to regenerate the venue have been given a new lease of life . The group is said to have plans to spruce up the theater section of the building , turning it into a music venue once more . Slow decay of time : Many of the theater 's wooden seats have fallen into disrepair while the staircase shows the effects of years of decay . Renowned venue : Before its closure , the theater hosted concerts from bands including Metallica , the Dead Kennedy 's and R.E.M. Hidden from view : The stunning pictures were taken by 37-year-old photojournalist Seph Lawless , who has lived in Cleveland all his life . Silent halls : The walls are cracked and chipped and the tiles on the floor have rotted after three decades of abandonment . Ruled to be unsafe : The venue was closed after the ceiling cracked and pieces of plaster began to fall on the audience during a 1984 gig . Open for half a century : Built in 1927 , The Variety Theater was home to one of the earliest single screen cinemas in Cleveland , Ohio , before becoming an iconic music venue . Regeneration : The Friends of the Historic Variety Theater have plans to spruce up the theater section of the building and rent out the structure 's eight retail store-fronts . Dated equipment : Most of the building 's machinery has been languishing for years since the venue 's unfortunate closure . 1920s-style décor : The theater had kept its vintage style for decades and left everything untouched when it was sealed up in 1986 . Enticing : Mr Lawless said the theater ` has gone down in folklore ' in Cleveland and always ` had that air of mystery ' to it when he was a child . Fatal concert : During Motorhead 's 1984 gig , the power was cut off to stop the band from playing and two years later the venue was cosed . A glimpse of the past : A peek through a broken piece of wall reveals the lit up stage of the Variety Theater in dramatic fashion . Fascinating history : There are now plans to restore the decaying building to a live music venue . Coated in dust : Mr Lawless is a photojournalist specialising in nostalgic pictures . He recently completed a trip around the United States where he took photographs of abandoned or neglected buildings in every state .