For more than 2,000 years , invaders have been fighting over glorious Kefalonia . Romans , the Kingdom of Naples , the Venetian Republic , the Ottoman Empire , the French , British and , during the Second World War , the Italians and Germans have all left their mark . Fortunately , the present settlers - the Greeks themselves and the odd expat - have stoutly resisted the encroachment of mass tourism . So instead of fast-food restaurants you will find charming family-run tavernas that make this island a foodie heaven . Great forests of pines , cypress and cedars still sweep down the steep hillsides , often ending in cliffs of chalk as white as those at Dover , or in fine shingle and sand beaches , fringing a sea whose warm , sun-reflecting waters are of startling clarity . The famous curve of Myrtos beach , as well as many little inland villages , are seen on the road to Fiscardo . Inland , the roads , winding around mountains whose accessible slopes are swathed in olive groves and vineyards are blessedly free of excessive traffic . We landed at the island 's only airport near the capital town of Argostoli , took a five-minute walk to the car-rental office and were quickly on our way to the village of Spartia on the southern coast - our first base of a two-centre holiday . Richard Johnson rejoices in unspoiled Kefalonia . We were staying first at the superb Villa Hephaestus . The view from our shady veranda was wonderful - indeed , my American wife called it ` awesome ' . The sweep of Lourdas Bay , with its long sandy beaches , was spread out below us , while the neighbouring island of Zakynthos could be seen in the misty distance . Hephaestus is a modern villa with a well-equipped kitchen , and we love to cook . However , after a long day travelling , we decided we needed restorative cocktails , a carafe of white wine and a good fish dinner . Not fancying driving along twisting lanes , we called a taxi to take us to the beautifully situated and highly regarded Water Way restaurant at Spartia beach . The proprietor is a local fisherman , so the best of his catch goes to the kitchen , which is presided over by his wife , while his charming daughter Tepsi is in charge of front of house . From Lourdas Bay you can see Zakynthos Island , where the beautiful Shipwreck Beach -LRB- pictured -RRB- is found . A sweeping view across the turquoise waters of Lourdata Bay and the white stands of Lourdas Beach . The island is replete with diverse things to see on day trips but the nightlife is virtually non-existent , so we decided to stay home in the evenings and explore during the day . We checked out the string of beaches around Lourdas Bay and found plenty of good restaurants . At the top of a flight of easy steps from Lourdas beach , we found Lorraine 's Magic Hill restaurant , with superb food lovingly prepared by the eponymous owner with ingredients from her husband 's organic farm . The portions are generous and there 's a great view across the bay to fellow Ionian isle Zakynthos . The popular Skala beach is just at the end of the bay . The Metaxa Beach Bar is a good place for coffee and the area is lined with tavernas . We shopped for supplies for our evening meals at Argostoli 's port . One can buy catch-of-the-night fish straight from the boats that line the quay -LRB- park where you like , for free -RRB- . The popular golden Skala beach is just at the end of the bay with the nearby Metaxa Beach Bar good for coffee . The town of Argostoli 's port is ideal for picking up supplies , including catch-of-the-night fish from the boats . Enjoyable excursions to the countryside took us to the ruined hilltop castle of St George , near Peratata , and the monastery of St Ayos . At both places entrance is free , and do n't miss the Castle cafe just outside the gates . Its enthusiastic proprietors are Greek/English and serve superior food in a shady garden . The Monastery of Saint Geronimo is situated in a vine-clad valley north-east of the castle . It was rebuilt in Byzantine-style in the 1960s , the original having been destroyed during a 1953 earthquake . The walls of the interior are decorated in exuberant style with biblical scenes , and a huge candelabra hangs from the ceiling . We loved our stay in the south , but for the second week of our stay it was time to take the 35-mile drive to Fiscardo , on the island 's north cape . The trip afforded superb views of the coast - including the famous curve of Myrtos beach - as well as many little inland villages . Fiscardo , once a remote fishing port , has been transformed into a world-class yachting centre , with smart restaurants and boutiques jostling for every inch of the quayside . The second week of our stay was a 35-mile drive away in the fishing village of Fiscardo , in the island 's north . ` It 's like St Tropez in the old days , ' I mused . Our villa , Island View , is set on the hillside overlooking the port . From its verandas and infinity pool the neighbouring islands of Ithaca - mythical home of Odysseus - and Lefkas could be seen through the shimmering sea mist . We found some attractive beaches a few minutes ' drive from Fiscardo . Our two favourites were Agia Jerusalem and Alaties , both reached by turning right out of the village of Maganos and following the signs . Agia Jerusalem is considered a ` secret ' place , peaceful even in August . When we visited -LRB- in September -RRB- , fewer than a dozen people were enjoying the sunbeds provided . Agia Jerusalem Beach is considered a ` secret ' place , peaceful even in August , and a favourite of the writer . There 's an excellent taverna , with fresh fish and dishes from a menu that changes daily . Alaties , on the other hand , is a tiny cove with a miniature beach . It 's lovely to swim there . Among the fir trees above the beach is a modern restaurant where fresh prawns can be had . Apart from one afternoon of rain -LRB- we were on a boat trip to Lefkas but 30 minutes out of Fiscardo , an unexpected squall hit us and it rained for the remainder of the trip -RRB- , the weather was perfect . We had a wonderful time with beautiful scenery , great food and fun when we wanted it . I can see why so many people have wanted to invade Kefalonia !