The other day I was driving past the port at Bristol and I saw all those thousands of cars lined up on the quayside -- and whoa ... I did a double take . There they were : phalanx upon phalanx of shiny new vehicles glinting like Dinky toys in the sun ; and I suddenly realised that they were n't arriving in this country . These cars had n't just disembarked from France or Germany or Japan . They were about to make their own journey overseas -- they were British cars , for goodness sake . They were examples of British manufacturing and design and engineering -- and they were about to be loaded on to ships and taken to other European countries , and to Africa , and Asia ; and I reflected on one of the most stunning turnaround stories in the economic history of this country . Scroll down for video . Britain last year produced more than 1.5 million cars -- the most since 2007 -- and we are poised to overtake France and become the second biggest car manufacturing power in Europe . Across the West Midlands -- and indeed across the country -- there are now literally thousands of businesses , large and small , that are engaged in automotive innovation and supply ; and there was a time when no one would have believed that was possible . I remember the 1970s . You , too , may remember that mullet - haired decade . The music was superb , the food was mediocre , and British industry was on its knees . I remember when our motor manufacturing industry was in the hands of ` conveners ' and ` shop stewards ' , and when the man who ran British Leyland -- then our biggest car company -- appeared to be an avowedly communist trade union official called Red Robbo . When I was a child I am afraid to say that British cars were the butt of international derision . They leaked oil , and they were generally assembled with such slovenly imprecision they gained a reputation for unreliability that it has taken decades to shake off . Lemon after lemon rolled off our production lines , culminating in the ludicrous rustbucket called the Austin Allegro -- and there was a reason for the disaster . Boris Johnson : The problem with Ed Miliband is that he wants to take the country back to the 1970s . We had atrocious relations between management and unions , and a legal framework that gave all the power to the unions . We had a Labour government that believed companies existed not to serve the needs of the market , or the desires of their customers -- but to satisfy the rights of their workers . We had an era of tea breaks and ` demarcation disputes ' and closed shops and one-out-all-out strikes , with the Labour government trying to impose such insane solutions as Tony Benn 's communist-style motorbike ` collective ' at Meriden . It did not work then , and it seems to me to be deranged that we could be even contemplating going back to such arrangements now . I am not surprised to discover that one of the key authors of the Labour Party manifesto is my former adversary Ken Livingstone , who has long been on the Bennite wing . By Ed Miliband 's own admission , Livingstone has been a big influence in his thinking -- and in their return to the Benn/Livingstone approach Labour 's plans are truly nightmarish for business and enterprise . Miliband is turning the Labour Party sharply back to the Left , and actively repudiating the chief insight of Tony Blair -- that the party can only be successful if it makes a sensible accommodation with capitalism and the market economy . That is why British business people are so unanimous in their horror , including many former Labour supporters and donors . They are not wrong . Labour wants to hit small - and medium - sized businesses with more corporation tax and higher national insurance -- but it is worse than that . ` I am not surprised to discover that one of the key authors of the Labour Party manifesto is my former adversary Ken Livingstone ' They want to recreate the stifling environment of the 1970s , in which management was deprived of the ability to manage . They want to make it easier for employees to take firms to employment tribunals -- when you might think the system was already out of control , with people endlessly and automatically and indeed very often vexatiously claiming racial or sexual or age or disability discrimination . They want all companies with more than 50 employees to have a system of profit-sharing -- a return to Bennery -- and they want the workers to be able to block takeovers . That is before you have even begun to calculate the impact of their attacks on the City , higher income tax , and the higher interest rates that small firms would have to cope with -- the result of Labour 's failure to tackle the deficit . What makes this anti-capitalist agenda so dangerous is that the British motor manufacturing industry is not in the hands of a few giant firms . We are talking about huge numbers of often tiny companies -- firms that pride themselves on making a more efficient windscreen-wiper or a quieter air-conditioning unit or a more easily wipeable dashboard fascia . It is incredible but true that Britain now has more specialised motor manufacturing marques than any country on earth -- Lotus , McLaren , Bristol , Morgan , Caterham , TVR ... the list goes on . Think of London 's new hop-on hop-off Routemaster bus , a glorious piece of low-carbon technology and one of the greenest new buses on the market -- made in Northern Ireland by Wrightbus . The West Midlands is once again the epicentre of one of the world 's densest ecosystems of motor manufacturing and development . British brands have shed their 1970s reputations ; they are taking on the world and winning . How mad , how tragic , that this extraordinary British triumph should be faced with a Labour government that regards capitalism as ` predatory ' . The problem with Ed Miliband is not his method of consuming a bacon sarnie -- in fact I totally sympathise on that one . The problem with Ed Miliband is that he wants to take the country back to the 1970s , writes Boris Johnson . The problem is not even that he crashed the economy last time , though he did . He and Balls were at the controls in Downing Street when this country experienced the worst economic catastrophe in living memory -- a catastrophe that was gravely exacerbated by their irresponsible fiscal policies . The problem with Ed Miliband is that he wants to take the country back to the 1970s . He genuinely thinks France is the model we should emulate , when the French -- whatever the splendours of their civilisation -- have 12 per cent unemployment , and when huge numbers of the most talented French people have decided that they wish France was more like Britain . How many Brits work in Paris ? 16,000 . How many French men and women live and work in London ? About 400,000 . Mais oui . That should tell Miliband all he needs to know about the relative dynamism and competitiveness of the two economies . Labour wants to go back to the 1970s , Ukip to some non-existent version of a monochrome 1950s , the Greens would like to go back to the middle of the stone age , and the Lib Dems would probably settle for any epoch in which they were above five per cent in the polls . There is only one party presenting itself for election on May 7 that seems to believe in the genius of this country , and that has a plan to take it forward . The Lib Dems under Nick Clegg would probably settle for any epoch in which they were above five per cent in the polls . It is only the Conservatives that understand the real economic and social significance of all those British cars lined up at Bristol . They are n't the results of an evil and predatory system , by which workers are exploited and the boss class luxuriate in ever greater privilege . They are the fruits of a long and painful post-war period in which Britain has learned that in order to survive we must innovate and compete , and that we can not hope to compete if we over-tax and over-regulate in the way that Ed Miliband is proposing . Those British-made vehicles are the sign of an economy that is back on its feet after the Labour-made disaster of 2008-9 , in which motor manufacturing fell by half a million cars ; an economy that has seen the creation , since 2010 , of about two million jobs . And those glistening British cars at the Bristol docks therefore embody the great moral purpose of wealth creation -- because it is only if you have a strong and vibrant economy that you can hope to raise the tax to pay for roads and schools and hospitals and pensions and welfare -- not to speak of strong defences -- and all the other civilised objectives that we want to meet . I really do n't think Miliband gets that . He is one of those theoretical socialists who thinks the problem with socialism is it has never been properly tried ; and I am horrified at the idea he should be given another go . There is only one party presenting itself for election on May 7 that believes that on the whole today is better than yesterday , and tomorrow is going to be better than today . That is David Cameron and the Conservatives . We need five more years to entrench this economic recovery , five years to take this country forwards and not backwards . That is the Battle for Britain next month , and one this country ca n't afford to lose .