A Pennsylvania math teacher was called ` dangling candy ' by the judge who sentenced her to 30 days in jail for having sex with a 17-year-old student . Erica Ann Ginneti , 35 , a married mother of three from Philadelphia , pleaded guilty in December to institutional sexual assault and disseminating sexually explicit materials to a minor . During her sentencing , Montgomery County Court Judge Garrett D. Page reportedly asked ` What young man would not jump on that candy ? ' Erica Ginnetti , 35 , was referred to as ` dangling candy ' by Montgomery County Court Judge Garrett D. Page , who also reportedly asked ` What young man would not jump on that candy ? ' before sentencing her to 30 days in jail for having sex with a 17-year-old student . Page made the ` dangling candy ' comment as he chastised Ginneti for sending the student explicit photos and videos of herself , according to Huffington Post . The former math and calculus teacher at Lower Moreland Township School District had been facing seven to 14 years in prison , but on Friday Judge Page sentenced her to 3-23 months , including the first 30 days in jail and the next 60 on house arrest . Page 's comments drew criticism from many people , who were also outraged at what they said was a lenient sentencing . Ginnetti , pictured above with her husband , first approached her victim in May 2013 when she chaperoned the senior prom and invited him to come work out at her gym . Ginneti will also face three years ' probation , 100 hours of community service and will have to register as a sex offender for the next 25 years , according to The Intelligencer . In court Friday , Ginneti wept as she read a letter of apology in hopes of offering the victim ` closure for this nightmare . ' Prosecutors said the boy had seen his grades drop in his senior year and has been struggling with social interactions . The former educator described for the court how she has reconciled with her family and embarked on a new career as a fitness instructor . In her time off , she volunteers at a church , reported Philadelphia Inquirer . Page told Ginneti he was certain she would continue to turn her life around , but he reminded her that her ill-thought actions had had devastating consequences . ` One bad day because of sexual hunger has resulted in all this avalanche of harm , ' Page stated . Two months after Ginnetti first met her 17-year-old victim at his prom in May 2013 they drove to an industrial park and had sex in her car . The judge later clarified that he does not think the defendant is a ` bad human being , ' but stated she must be punished for her ` bad act . ' Ginneti 's attorney asked the judge to spare her jail time so she could care for her small children . She was fired by Lower Moreland Township School District after her arrest in January . According to investigators , the teacher first approached the victim in May 2013 when she chaperoned the senior prom and invited him to come work out at her gym . A few days later the 17-year-old responded to Ginnetti with a text message , and the two began communicating on a daily basis . The criminal complaint against Ginnetti says that over the next several months , she sent the minor sexually explicit text messages , photos depicting her wearing bikini , a thong and other underwear , and videos showing the woman undressing suggestively and performing a sexual act on herself , according to The Bucks County Courier Times . According to officials , the illicit relationship culminated in July 2013 when Ginnetti and the student met for coffee in Starbucks and then drove to an industrial park to have sex in her car . She then allegedly dropped her paramour back at the coffee shop and told him not to tell anyone about the encounter . The 35-year-old , pictured above after her arrest in January 2014 , will have to perform community service and register as a sex offender . As part of her $ 50,000 bail condition in January , Ginnetti was forbidden from having unsupervised contact with any minors except for her own children - aged 8 , 11 and 14 . Authorities say the investigation began after they received a tip-off that students had been overheard discussing X-rated pictures showing a minor and Ginnetti doing ` sexual things . ' When police questioned the 17-year-old boy , he came clean about the affair and Ginnetti then also confessed to having a relationship with the student , police said . ` I would say that she treated her relationship with this student as she would have treated a relationship with an adult with whom she was involved , ' Montgomery County District Attorney Risa Vetri Ferman told The Mercury News in January . Police said they found several texts the lovers had exchanged discussing their July outing and one mentioning ` a used condom that had been left in Ginnetti 's vehicle , ' according to the criminal complaint . On the night of the alleged tryst , after he returned home , the student told police he got a text from Ginnetti asking him to ` do it again . ' As part of her $ 50,000 bail condition in January , Ginnetti was forbidden from having unsupervised contact with any minors except for her own children , ages 8 , 11 and 14 . She also had to surrender her passport , and the authorities have been keeping track of her using a GPS device .