They announced they were ` consciously uncoupling ' in March 2014 . And over a year later Gwyneth Paltrow , 42 , and Chris Martin , 38 , have finalized their divorce , according to a report from TMZ . The documents are reportedly signed and will be filed on Monday . Scroll down for video ... Done : Gwyneth Paltrow , 42 , and Chris Martin , 38 , pictured together in Mexico earlier this month , are said to have finalized their divorce . Sources tell the site the divorce was amicable . They have been using their business managers to work out a settlement agreement involving both property and custody . A judge should be signing off the divorce shortly , it was added . Leaving it to the pros : They have been using their business managers to work out a settlement agreement involving both property and custody . The settlement is confidential settlement but insiders claim there were no big problems with money or custody of their two children 10-year-old Apple and Moses aged nine . The Iron Man actress and Coldplay frontman married in December 2003 . The documents will cite irreconcilable differences . Martin has reportedly been dating Silver Linings Playbook actress Jennifer Lawrence while Paltrow has been seeing Glee executive Brad Falchuk , 44 . They 've moved on : Martin is dating Jennifer Lawrence -LRB- left -RRB- while Paltrow is with Brad Falchuk -LRB- right -RRB- . In April 2014 Martin told BBC Radio 1 's Zane Lowe that he had to work on himself . ` I would n't use the word breakdown , ' Martin said about the end of his marriage . ` This was more a realization about trying to grow up basically ... if you ca n't open yourself up , you ca n't appreciate the wonder inside . ` So you can be with someone very wonderful , but because of your own issues you can not let that be celebrated in the right way . ' Good parents : The two have been on good terms as they share custody of their two children ; here they are pictured in January 2014 . Their split was announced on her website Goop . ` It is with hearts full of sadness that we have decided to separate , ' she wrote . Martin also told Lowe : ` What changed for me was , I do n't want to go through life being scared of it , being scared of love , being scared of rejection , being scared of failure ... About two years ago I was a mess really because I ca n't enjoy the thing that we are good at and I ca n't enjoy the great things around me because I 'm burdened by this - I 've got to not blame anyone else and make some changes . ' A power couple once upon a time : The GOOP lady and the Coldplay frontman in January 2014 .