Between iPhones , flat-screens and designer headphones , Australians are spending more on technology than ever . A new report from Suncorp Bank suggests Australian 's have spent 50 per cent more on digital devices than they planned in the last year . The report found Australians spent $ 20 billion on digital devices and services - or on average $ 2,300 each - on technology and communication devices in the last 12 months . A new report from Suncorp Bank suggests Australian 's have spent 50 per cent more on digital devices than they planned in the last year , with mobile phone bills as the biggest expense . Men spent twice as much as women on computers , digital accessories , mobile apps , and streaming services . On average , men spent $ 2618 over the last 12 months , $ 475 more than women . The report also found that families with children living at home are spending 50 per cent more to stay digitally connected to the world than singles , couples without children and empty nesters . ` The report found adults without children living at home spent an average of $ 2,006 on technology and communication each year , while those costs ballooned to $ 2,993 per adult if they have at least one child under their roof , ' said Suncorp Bank Regional Manager , Monique Reynolds . The report also found that families with children living at home are spending 50 per cent more to stay digitally connected to the world than singles , couples without children and empty nesters . Despite the mounting costs , the report revealed over one third of households do n't budget for technology or wildly underestimate how much they will spend . Mobile phone bills were the biggest expense , and also the biggest disparity for families . ` Call and data plans for phones and internet were the largest single expense for households , and accounted for the greatest spending divide , costing $ 244 extra for families with children at home . ' Despite the mounting costs , the report revealed over one third of households do n't budget for technology or wildly underestimate how much they will spend . ` A quarter of Australians who use these services have no idea how much they pay for them . '