A legal stoush looms between Perth Glory and Football Federation Australia after the A-League club was booted out of the finals for cheating the salary cap . Glory were fined $ 269,000 and relegated to seventh spot on the table after being found guilty of rorting the salary cap over the previous three years . As the club suffered a 3 - 0 defeat to Sydney on Friday night , fans set off a series of flares , unimpressed by attempts by officials to placate them . Perth were found to have exceeded the cap by around $ 400,000 this season alone , with FFA claiming the club failed to disclose payments and benefits to at least six players . FFA chief executive David Gallop said he expects Perth 's management to be removed in the wake of the mess . Perth Glory will be excluded from the A-League finals after breaching the salary cap over three seasons . Chief Executive Jason Brewer speaking at a press conference at the Perth Glory Head Office on Friday . But Glory revealed on Friday night that they have filed with the Supreme Court of Western Australia seeking an injunction against FFA 's verdict . If that falls flat , Glory will go through the FFA 's appeals process in a bid to either overturn the decision , or reduce the penalty . ` This season , our player payments , paid under the salary cap , are forecast to be below that salary cap threshold of $ 2.55 million , ' Glory chief executive Jason Brewer said . ` All the payments this club makes - to its coaches , players , administrative staff - are all made through the club 's accounts here . ' -LRB- They are -RRB- made by our finance department , recorded in our ledger , and those amounts are all audited at the end of the year by an independent auditor . ` We go into the next games on the basis that for all Perth Glory fans out there , our players are playing for points . ' FFA chief executive David Gallop said he expects Perth 's management to be removed in the wake of the mess . December 17 : Fairfax publishes a report claiming it has seen documents showing Perth Glory may have exceeded the salary cap for up to three seasons . It claims Glory failed to disclose numerous benefits it paid to players and their agents . February 12 : FFA issues Glory with show-cause notice alleging the club failed to disclose numerous benefits to players over a three-year period . Perth Glory chief executive Jason Brewer claims the club will still be well under the salary cap even if these other costs are included . February 16 : FFA staff head to Perth 's offices to conduct a salary cap audit . April 1 : FFA issues Glory with second show-cause notice relating to alleged serious breaches . FFA claims Glory failed to disclose reportable payments and significantly exceeded the salary cap . April 8 : Glory responds to second show-cause notice , but only after being granted a two-hour extension of their deadline . April 10 : FFA hands down the heaviest penalties in A-League history after finding Glory deliberately and consistently cheated the salary cap . Glory announces appeal process has started . Gallop earlier claimed Perth deliberately hid salary cap rorting for three seasons and deserved to be banned from this season 's finals . ` The breach this season involves the deliberate failure to disclose payments and benefits to at least six players , ' Gallop said . ` Where you 've got deliberate concealment , you need to impose strict penalties to send a deterrent . ` Certainly it would be clear that the management have engaged in these practices and , in our view , it would be unlikely that management would stay in place . ' Glory face a $ 269,000 fine and relegated to seventh spot after being found guilty of rorting the salary cap . Glory were sitting equal first at the time of the punishment , but they will now finish the season in seventh spot unless they successfully appeal . Should the original punishment stand , Brisbane Roar are likely to sneak into the finals . The FFA said in addition to the deliberate salary cap breaches , Perth also broke rules regarding the disclosure of payments in the 2012/13 and 2013/14 seasons . The peak governing body said Perth were guilty of three breaches , including payments outside of a standard player contract ; payments to a player 's family member ; payments of travel costs ; provision of motor vehicles ; and accommodation benefits .