It 's the fat-shaming/fit-shaming controversy that 's refusing to go away . Online fitness company Protein World caused a Twitter storm recently with its London Underground poster of a genetically-blessed model in a small yellow bikini , asking : ` Are you beach body ready ? ' The poster , promoting weight loss , came under fire from some feminists and body image campaigners who branded the campaign body-shaming and called for the offending images to be removed . Transport for London are in the process of removing the ad , and now internet pranksters have hit back with their own version of the poster , this time featuring three curvaceous women and featuring the caption : ` Yes . We are beach body ready . ' Scroll down for video . ` Yes . We are beach body ready ' : An unknown internet source has recreated the controversial Protein World ad , with curvy alternatives . The original poster , from Protein World , has been subject to much controversy , with many citing it as ` body-shaming ' The spoof advert follows the same striking format as the Protein World original , with an eye-catching yellow background and bold font , and is marked up as a Dove product -LRB- Dove 's real beauty campaign encourages women to appreciate their bodies , regardless of size and shape -RRB- but the brand have denied being involved . After being made aware of the copycat image a representative for Dove said : The ad was not created by Dove but we do believe that every woman is beach body ready ! Dove added : ` In 2004 , 75 % of women felt advertising and media set unrealistic standards of beauty . Today , that figure is 66 % , with the perception being that more diversity is portrayed in the images of women we see around us . ` We have clearly made some progress in the 11 years since Dove started Campaign for Real Beauty but there is still much to do . Two thirds of UK women would prefer to see more women of different weights and shapes , different ages and without digital enhancement in the media . This is why Dove will continue to champion beauty for everyone because looking and feeling your best makes you feel happier . ' The image , which was posted on the London underground , is now being removed following complaints . Billboards such as this one , were defaced , as a result of anger from body image campaigners and bloggers . It comes as plus-sized fashion label Simply Be also created its own poster . The parody showing model Jocelyn Corona in a bikini is being displayed at London 's Knightsbridge Tube station on Saturday . Protesters are planning to gather to demonstrate against the original poster . Ms Corona said : ` Every woman has the right to feel comfortable in their own skin . I love being able to show off my curves , so it 's great to see brands like Simply Be representing real women in the UK . ' Simply Be spokesman Ed Watson said that the controversial Protein World advert was ` at best outdated , at worst insulting ' . He said : ` While the Protein World model , Renee , is undeniably beautiful and I 'm sure very healthy , it is irresponsible to project something that is largely unachievable as the ideal . ` We need to make people feel great about themselves and this poster does the opposite . ` Because it so literally flew in the face of our ethos of self-acceptance , we wanted to get our message out further , hence taking ad space in one of London 's busiest tube stations . ' The original yellow billboard image received around 270 complaints to the Advertising Standards Authority -LRB- ASA -RRB- , mostly insisting that it objectified women and that it carried the insinuation that only svelte models were ready to go to the beach . The model in the advert , Renee Somerfield , 24 , has spoken out about being body-shamed herself . Various posters were subject to defiant vandalism , with uproar sweeping social media . One billboard was pasted over with a piece of paper which read : ` Your body is fine just as it is . Whatever it looks like , your body is not a commodity . #Everybody ` sReady #EverydaySexism ' Although fitness company Protein World claims that the image is unPhotoshopped , it clearly touched a nerve , with a further 60,000 outraged people signing an online petition on website Change.org asking Protein World to take down the ads . Interestingly , the 24-year-old model in the ad herself , Australian Renee Somerfield has cited the irony of people getting angry about the ` body-shaming ' poster , whilst body-shaming her . In an interview with Huffington Post , the model said : ` I am a real person behind the image . I work very hard and live a healthy and active lifestyle which is why Protein World chose me for their campaign . I could n't work every day as a full time model by starving myself , dieting or not looking after my body . Nourish your body , be kind to it and it will love you right back , no matter your size . '