Binge drinking might seem like a uniquely modern phenomenon - but in fact it is a time-honoured tradition , according to health experts . Ancient civilisations such as the Romans , Greeks and Egyptians have had to deal with rowdy , drunken behaviour in public for thousands of years . Now one academic suggests that modern authorities should take a lead from their forebears as they attempt to mitigate the impact of our boozy culture . Party : This relief from Herculaneum shows Bacchus , the god of wine , with followers at a frenzied gathering . Contrast : Health experts have compared ancient nights out to modern drinking spots such as Magaluf . Mark Bellis , who is honorary professor of public health at Bangor University , is giving a talk at a conference in Las Vegas this week about the history of binge drinking . In his lecture , entitled ` Lessons from the history of nightlife - 10,000 years from Mesopotamia to Vegas ' , he will examine how our distant ancestors balanced freedom with responsiblity in regulating nightlife . He told the Independent : ` We think we 're discovering the problems of nightlife for the first time , but these have been with us for a long time . ` There 's always been a tension in history : people want a safe night out , but they also demand freedom and an element of anonymity . ' Vessel : A Greek amphora which could have been used for holding the wine which was drunk in large quantities at feasts . Many of the concerns of the ancient authorities were strikingly similar to ours , according to Dr Bellis . In Pompeii - where one of the best-preserved buildings after the eruption of Mount Vesuvius is a tavern - city officials installed street lights , only to face opposition from drinkers who were worried about sacrificing their privacy . The Greeks launched wide-scale campaigns to dissuade drunkenness , with playwrights using gods in their productions to warn against alcohol abuse . And in Egypt , one of the major concerns was mixing drink and drugs , as many locals would consume a narcotic flower called ` blue lotus ' while knocking back beer , Dr Bellis says . He told the Independent : ` People look for an escape from the social and behavioural constraints of the day . That 's what night has always been about . ' The official preview of his talk , set to take place tomorrow , reads : ` The foundations of modern nightlife go back thousands of years to when people first abandoned nomadic lives to build and live in cities . ` Since then , countless cultures have added their own innovations and regulations in attempts to balance safety and security with excitement and anonymity . ` Looking back at how nightlife developed over the past 10,000 years , we can learn from history 's successes and failures and develop a greater insight into the challenges posed by nightlife today . ' The use of alcohol goes back to the Stone Age , and almost all societies around the world have made some sort of drink - despite the problems that come with a booze culture . Some of the earliest written texts , from Mesopotamia , make reference to alcohol - the law code of Hammurabi , from 1750 BC , contains regulations stopping tavern landlords from ripping off their customers . The Epic of Gilgamesh shows the eponymous king promising to distribute beer and wine to his followers ` like the new year celebrations ' . Many aspects of Greek culture were centred around drinking - one of Plato 's best-known texts is the Symposium , set at a huge drinking party , while wine even had its own deity in the form of Dionysus . However , to avoid excess drinkers were advised to water down their wine with water , and to drink more water between each cup of alcohol . Warning : Gin Lane , by William Hogarth , graphically depicted the dark side of booze culture . The Roman love of drinking is shown by the preserved city of Pompeii , where one of the buildings buried by volcanic ash in the eruption of Vesuvius appears to have been an inn . Rowdy feasts were also part of Anglo-Saxon society , as seen in the epic poem Beowulf , which could be a cautionary tale as it features the monster Grendel carrying off warriors who were tired out from a night of carousing . The Islamic world attempted to eliminate the problem of drunkenness with a religious ban on alcohol , but there are signs that this did not always work . The 900-year-old Persian poem known as the Rubaiyat of Omar Khayyam opens with an appeal for ` a jug of wine , a loaf of bread ' to accompany an idyllic and romantic landscape . One tactic used to tackle alcohol abuse was to substitute less strong drinks instead of spirits - for example , in the Georgian era William Hogarth published two prints contrasting the hellish ` Gin Lane ' with the relaxed and peaceful ` Beer Street ' .