A company has released matches that continue to burn even when submerged in water or buried underground in dirt . The UCO Stormproof Matches are made using an incredibly tough coating that smoulders no matter what happens to them and will start burning again once they come into contact with oxygen . The unique matches have to go through rigorous testing to make sure they keep alight in even the most difficult situations . Scroll down for video . Indestructable : The UCO Stormproof Matches -LRB- pictured -RRB- are made using an incredibly tough coating that smoulders no matter what happens to it and will start burning again once it comes into contact with oxygen . Eric Moe , the product specialist at Industrial Revolution which owns Utility , Comfort and Originality -LRB- UCO -RRB- , explained the process . The Stormproof matches are made by UCO which has been making outdoor accessories for the past 44 years . They include 25 matches in a completely waterproof case with and three strike pads . The matches cost £ 5.47 -LRB- $ 7.99 -RRB- from UCO 's website and are available from the UK distributor Dalesman International . He said : ` The match sticks are dipped into our coating , which keeps smouldering even underwater , then reignites once exposed to oxygen . ` Essentially , you are n't burning the match stick , but burning the coating on the stick . ` We have drenched them in buckets , buried them in mud , and blown them with a compressed air hose . ` In all cases the flame keeps burning . The matches will still ignite if they get wet , and they are quite impact resistant . ' Even when buried in sand -LRB- left -RRB- , the matches can burn again once they are taken out and exposed to oxygen -LRB- right -RRB- . They can also keep smouldering even while underwater . Mr Moe , 31 , from Milton , near Seattle , Washington , US , said when you are in unfamiliar terrain , having a source of fire is vital for survival . He said : ` Whether they 're in a snowstorm , rainstorm or wind storm , the UCO Stormproof Matches will offer heat and light . ` The importance of being able to create a fire in inclement weather can not be overstated . ` These matches are designed to ignite and keep burning in the worst conditions . ` Everything is more challenging when you are cold and wet , and it is crucial to have reliable equipment . ' The makers explained that essentially , the match stick is n't burning , it is the coating on the stick that is alight : ` We have drenched them in buckets , buried them in mud , and blown them with a compressed air hose ' Here the match is shown being dipped into water -LRB- left -RRB- , and when it is take out -LRB- right -RRB- it is still able to burn . He explained that other devices that are used to light a fire are not always reliable . Mr Moe said : ` Lighters can fail at high altitudes , or if wet . Standard matches have little resistance to elements . Primitive techniques are excellent , but hard to execute in poor weather . ` UCO Stormproof Matches address those problems and ensure a source of fire . '