A Pakistani supermodel has been charged with money laundering offences after she was caught carrying over half a million dollars in Islamabad airport . 21-year-old Ayyan Ali - who has modeled everything from mobile phones to ice cream - was jailed after a staggering amount of money was discovered in her carry-on bag , the Guardian reports . She was charged with attempting to illegally transport more than the legal $ 10,000 cash limit out of the country on March 14 - and has been in a Rawalpindi prison since . Ali was last seen in public wearing an ` uncharacteristic ' black burka outside court as a horde of fellow models gathered nearby . Scroll down for video . Illegal : The staggering amount of cash found on Ali is way more than the $ 10,000 it is legally allowed to fly out of the country with . Arrested : Pakistani supermodel Ayyan Ali -LRB- pictured -RRB- has been in jail since March 14 , when she caught with over $ 500,000 in her carry-on bag in Islamabad airport . Found out : Ali was caught with the money in the VIP departure lounge of Benazir Bhutto International Airport -LRB- file photo -RRB- . In recent years she has been one of the most famous models at Pakistan Fashion Week which has been described as a ` three-day extravaganza ' . A former model-turned-public relations guru says the country 's fashionista circles can talk about nothing else . Frieha Altaf added : ` Some are unkind because they are jealous -- everyone b ***** s about the beautiful people . ' Ever since she was caught in the VIP departure lounge of Benazir Bhutto International Airport , she has been housed in Adiala which is the central prison of the garrison city Rawalpindi . Officials there have denied claims she is receiving special privileges because of her celebrity status with one officer saying private cells are only made available for government officials and the ` highly educated ' . She has been denied bail to the outrage of her lawyer who said : ` All agencies have interrogated her and she is no more required for any purpose whatsoever . Sardar Ishaq added : ` She is living with ordinary criminals -- ladies involved in murder cases . It will ruin her life . ' Many in Pakistan 's fashion world think she was manipulated into carrying the money - including the ` grand dame ' of the country 's blossoming industry . Unfair : Ali 's lawyers say she had yet to check in and was going to hand the money over to her brother before flying . Victim ? They claim Ali - who has modeled everything from mobile phones to ice cream - is being targeted because of her celebrity status . Anger : ` We respect so-called intellectuals but why do n't we respect in this society people who are promoting our culture ? ' one of her lawyers asked furiously . Maheen Khan said : ` My first reaction was there goes one more girl . A lot of these girls come from very protected families and can be very naive . I think of her as a victim . ' Suspicions peaked when she reportedly told a customs court that she was given the money from a businessman with connections in Pakistan 's politics . Khurram Latif Khosa - one of the lawyers working on Ali 's case - said the money came from a legitimate property sale and the model had no intention of taking it out of the country . He claims she had yet to check into her flight was waiting in the lounge for her brother who was was going to take the cash to Karachi . Khosa says Ali is being unfairly treated by the press and courts because of her position as one of the country 's most glamorous and well-known personalities . Gossip : A former model-turned-public relations guru says the country 's fashionista circles can talk about nothing but the supermodel 's arrest . High profile : Officials at the Adiala prison where she is being kept have denied claims she is receiving special privileges . He said : ` We respect religious scholars , we respect so-called intellectuals but why do n't we respect in this society people who are promoting our culture ? ` She is a cultural ambassador projecting an image of Pakistan which is liberal , progressive and can compete with anyone in the world . ' PR powerhouse Altaf believes ALi has the strength to recover from the ordeal , saying : ` It takes guts as well as beauty to stand up and be a model in this country . ` You have to have the strength to resist the pressure that comes from society , the social stigma , the questions people always have about you . '