While the debate about whether workers prefer a cubicle over an open office layout , a office furniture company has come up with a design that is possibly a happy medium . Steelcase 's the Brody WorkLounge is an effort to preserve the privacy and less distractions given in a cubicle while still being a part of an open office work community . On its company website , Steelcase said the Brody is designed to be ` good for your body and good for your brain ' . Scroll down for video . Office furniture company Steelcase designed the work space seating to provide privacy in an open office setting -LRB- above designs of the Brody WorkLounge -RRB- . The seating will be available for purchase in late August starting at $ 2,700 . Brody features an LED task light , privacy screen , foot rest , storage space and personal adjustable work surface . The Brody , which will be available late August starting at $ 2,700 , sort of resembles both a desk and an office and is created to limit distractions by creating a shelter while also providing privacy , according to the company . The Cognitive Neuroscience Karolinska Institute in Sweden 's work on flow - a passing state of deep concentration where workers are their most productive - informed the design of Brody , according to CityLab . ` We had kind of an intuitive understanding of how people liked to study , ' Mark McKenna , director of product design at Steelcase told Fast Company . ` As the project developed , and as we started diving into what it means to focus and why someone would want to escape , these new findings really helped guide the project . ' ` The Brody WorkLounge creates a shelter from visual distractions , provides privacy and provides an enhanced sense of psychological security , ' the company said on its website . The design for Brody is based on The Cognitive Neuroscience Karolinska Institute in Sweden 's work on flow - a passing state of deep concentration where workers are their most productive . In the U.S. , 70 per cent of offices have low or no partitions as they embrace open office plans . Each WorkLounge features a mini LED task light , a power outlet , personal work surface that adjusts up to a 40 degree pitch , a privacy screen , a side surface which also serves as an armrest , patented LiveLumbar technology which gives back support , personal storage off of the floor , a foot rest , and a cushion that adapts to each person 's size . ` The ability to focus is a real challenge for today 's workers and students , ' the company said on its website . ` We get interrupted or distracted every 11 minutes and it takes over 23 minutes to get back on task . ` The Brody WorkLounge creates a shelter from visual distractions , provides privacy and provides an enhanced sense of psychological security . ' By transforming the under-utilized in-between spaces into these modern alternative to enclaves , where workers can get away for a couple of hours , Steelcase claims its design will help organizations and universities by delivering a ` high-performance work space ' . A study revealed that a sense of privacy boosts performance , and Brody WorkLounge strives to provide workers with limited visual distractions . Mark McKenna , director of product design at Steelcase said : ` I think it 's clear that people in an office need a place to focus . But the bench is here to stay . It 's conducive to collaboration ' In recent years , many companies have embraced open offices with about 70 per cent of U.S. offices having no or low partitions , according to the International Facility Management Association . However , a 2013 study revealed that workers are frustrated by the distractions in open offices which lead to poorer work performance , according to the Washington Post . That study also found that nearly half of the surveyed workers in open offices said the lack of sound privacy proved to be a problem for them while more than 30 per cent complained about the lack of visual privacy . Another study revealed that having a sense of privacy actually boosts performance . While Brody is not a stance against open offices , it provides a place for people to focus while in an office , McKenna told Fast Company . ` I think it 's clear that people in an office need a place to focus , ' McKenna said . ` But the bench is here to stay . It 's conducive to collaboration . '