From organising eggs hunts to whipping up chocolate cup cakes at midnight , celebrities are , it seems , just like the rest of us when it comes to Easter . From Kim Kardashian 's last-minute baskets for toddler North West to Myleene Klass ' bunny-themed egg hunt , the stars took to Instagram to show how they celebrated Easter . Kim Kardashian . We wonder if Kanye helped ? Kim Kardashian shared a snap of herself on Instagram yesterday , while decorating colourful Easter baskets , thought to be for her daughter North plus her niece and nephews . Kim Kardashian shared a snap of herself on Instagram yesterday , while decorating colourful Easter baskets . Captioning the last-minute picture : ` Easter prep ! ' , Kim appeared to be filling four baskets with plenty of treats including chocolate bunnies , Peeps marshmallows and Jelly Belly jellybeans . Though one was no doubt intended for daughter North , the Easter themed table suggests she was making a few for her niece Penelope and nephews Mason and Reign too . Egg-cited ! Little North West was thrilled with her haul from an Easter egg hunt last weekend . Mariah Carey . Making Easter cupcakes ! Mariah appeared to be a dab hand with the cake mix while whipping up late-night treats for her three-year-old twins Moroccan and Monroe . Ever the goddess , even of domestic perfection it seems , Mariah Carey shared this picture of herself on Instagram late last night . Busy in the kitchen , Mariah captioned the snap ` Making Easter cupcakes ! ' Likely baking the chocolate treats for her three-year-old twins Moroccan and Monroe , the singer appeared to be a dab hand with the cake batter . Even if it was a little late in the day . Amanda Holden . Easter egg hunt ! Amanda Holden shared this snap of her daughters Hollie -LRB- left -RRB- , 3 , and Lexie -LRB- right -RRB- , 9 , armed with baskets , wellies and dressing gowns , about to embark on a search for hidden treats around the garden . Easter Sunday in Amanda Holden 's house looks like it got off to a great start . The Britain 's Got Talent judge shared this heartwarming picture on Twitter , of her two daughters Hollie , 3 , and Lexie , 9 , embarking on an Easter egg hunt . Armed with pretty baskets , wellies and dressing gowns , the sun-dappled scene resembles an Easter morning many youngsters might dream of . Not getting it : The Saturdays singer Frankie Bridge , currently pregnant with her second child , also staged an Easter egg hunt for her 15-month-old son Parker . Though it sounds like he 's still to young to understand the aim of the game . Myleene Klass . Myleene Klass posted this adorable snap on Instagram of her daughters Ava -LRB- right -RRB- , 8 , and Hero -LRB- left -RRB- , 4 , setting off on an Easter egg hunt around the garden in matching outfits and cute bunny ear headbands . TV presenter Myleene Klass was another mum taking advantage of the reasonable April weather . She posted this adorable snap on Instagram of her daughters Ava 8 , and Hero , 4 , setting off on an Easter egg hunt around the garden . Wearing matching outfits and bunny ear headbands , it looked like one fun morning in the Klass house . Fearne Cotton . From one mum to another ! Fearne Cotton shared pictures of the beautiful Easter flowers sent to her by mother-in-law Jo Wood . The mother-of-one is currently expecting her second child with husband Jesse Wood . Fearne Cotton may well have treated her two-year-old son Rex to some sweet treats this Easter , but he 's not the only one to receive a gift . The Radio One presenter , who recently announced plans to leave her job at the BBC station , shared snaps of a beautiful flower bouquet sent to her by mother-in-law Jo Wood . From one mother to another , Jo gifted her daughter-in-law the gorgeous blooms , which Fearne called ` Dreamy Easter flowers ' in her Instagram caption . OTHER STARS WHO HAD AN EGG-CELLENT DAY ! X Factor singer Sam Bailey tweeted about her Easter mishap : Currently on holiday in New York with her husband and three children , it seems Sam forgot to pack the Easter eggs for her trip . Show us the eggs ! Model Poppy Delevingne shared this family snap of her niece and nephew excitedly waking up the house . Egg-shaped , sort of : Has the Easter bunny crossed over to the dark side ? Radio 6 presenter Lauren Laverne shared this hilarious snap on Instagram of her son celebrating Easter Sunday with a Star Wars Darth Vader helmet .