In the end it took a Mexican to end this utterly absorbing stand-off , the irrepressible , if rather unimpressive , Javier Hernandez scoring the goal that ended almost 180 minutes of deadlock between these fierce city rivals . Only here on loan from Manchester United for a season , it was a goal that means Hernandez will be adored at the Santiago Bernabeu long after he has gone . But it was also a reward for ambition over the more conservative approach of Diego Simeone and his well-drilled side ; for the team that enjoyed twice as much of the ball and the better of the chances that were created in this tense , niggly Champions League quarter-final tie . Javier Hernandez scores the only goal of the two legs in the Champions League quarter-final between the Madrid neighbours . Hernandez runs away to celebrate his goal as Atletico Madrid were finally beaten after almost two full matches against Real Madrid . Hernandez celebrates as he became the hero for Real Madrid late on during the Champions League quarter-final second leg . Hernandez runs away in celebration after scoring the only goal in 180 minutes between the sides to settle the two-legged derby . Hernandez slides on his knees to celebrate putting Real Madrid into the semi-finals of Europe 's elite competition at the Bernabeu . Cristiano Ronaldo joins in with the celebrations at the Bernabeu as Hernandez sneaked the winner against their neighbouring rivals . Ronaldo clenches his fists as he celebrates his side taking an all-important lead against their neighbours Atletico Madrid . Arda Turan is sent off by German referee Felix Brych in the 76th minute as Atletico Madrid were forced to play with 10 men . Atletico Madrid players protest the second yellow card shown to Turan which left the visitors up against it at the Bernabeu . Turan receives a pat on the back of the head by Real Madrid 's Fabio Coentrao after the Turkey international was sent off . Real Madrid -LRB- 4-3-3 -RRB- : Casillas 6 ; Carvajal 6 , Pepe 6.5 , Varane 6 , Coentrao 6 ; Ramos 6.5 , Kroos 8 , Isco 7 ; Rodriguez 7 , Hernandez 6 , Ronaldo 6 . Subs not used : Navas , Khedira , Lucas Silva , Arbeloa , Nacho . Booked : Pepe , Arbeloa . Scorers : Hernandez -LRB- 88 -RRB- . Manager : Carlo Ancelotti . Atletico Madrid -LRB- 4-4-2 -RRB- : Oblak 8 ; Juanfran 6.5 , Miranda 7 , Godin 7 , Gamez 7 ; Turan 5 , Tiago 6.5 , Koke 7 , Saul 6 -LRB- Gabi 46 6 -RRB- ; Griezmann 6.5 -LRB- Raul Garcia 65 6 -RRB- , Mandzukic 6 . Subs not used : Moya , Siqueira , Jimenez , Torres . Booked : Turan , Raul Garcia , Koke . Sent off : Turan -LRB- 76 -RRB- . Manager : Diego Simeone . Referee : Felix Brych -LRB- Germany -RRB- 8 . Man of the match : Kroos . It was hard to see what Atletico were trying to achieve at times . A victory on penalties perhaps . But when Arda Turan was dismissed in the 75th minute for what looked like a harsh second yellow card for a challenge on the all-too theatrical Sergio Ramos , an opportunity suddenly presented itself to Real . A frustrated figure until Atletico were reduced to 10 men , Cristiano Ronaldo made a jinking , purposeful run into the penalty area before executing the all-important pass . Hernandez had missed his earlier chances . One of them a clear cut opening thanks to a wonderful reverse-pass from Isco . But this time he delivered , the Little Pea scoring arguably the biggest goal of his career with a sweeping effort from 12 yards . In the starting line-up only because of an injury to Karem Benzema , Hernandez performed much as he has all season here . Committed and energetic but just lacking the class of his temporary club-mates . But with this contest only two minutes from moving into extra-time , goalless if far from gutless , Hernandez made no mistake when it mattered most . Ancelotti seems to beat Atletico when it matters most . In last year 's Champions League final . Here on Wednesday night . Seven times already this season these two teams had met and seven times Real had failed to conquer their less glamorous neighbours . But there is a reason why Ancelotti is the only living manager to have lifted the European Cup on three occasions , and today he is a significant step closer to winning the greatest club competition of all for an unprecedented fourth time . It might even secure his position at the Bernabeu , given how uncertain his future appears to be despite delivering La Decima last season . ` Every game is an exam and tonight we passed the exam well , ' said the amiable Italian with his trademark chuckle . What an extraordinary night it had been . As early as two hours before kick-off the streets around this magnificent stadium were packed with people , their rhythmic chanting rivalled only by the hum of the police helicopters hovering overhead . Champions League nights between two teams from the same country have this special quality . Rarely has an atmosphere been greater in English football than when Chelsea travelled to Anfield for that first semi-final back in 2005 . Real Madrid striker Hernandez had been having a frustrating evening for Real Madrid up until his goal in the 88th minute . Hernandez could n't quite believe how he missed his chance to give Real Madrid the all-important lead at the Bernabeu before his goal . Hernandez 's starting place for Real Madrid was described by local media as the ` biggest match of his career ' and he lived up to it . But this was extra special . This was a Madrid derby with a difference and the deafening roar that greeted the end of the Champions League anthem said as much . You could barely hear yourself think never mind what the person sat next to you was saying , and it was no different when Turan was dismissed and when Hernandez then struck the decisive blow . For Ancelotti it must have come as something of a relief after the tactical juggling he had to perform in the absence of key personnel . As well as Benzema , Gareth Bale , Luka Modric and Marcello were also missing and the decision to deploy Ramos in midfield caused some concern here . After all , only once before had the Italian tried it and after losing 2-1 to Barcelona he admitted to making a mistake . Afterwards he laughed about it too , joking that attempts to kill him last time had proved unsuccessful so he felt safe doing it again . This game quickly followed a familiar theme , with Real pressing deep in the half of the well-drilled Atletico . Simeone , simmering and animated on the sidelines , applauded his players for the naughty challenges as well as the good ones , seemingly happy to see his side play so negatively . Real Madrid defender Sergio Ramos sends a powerful header towards goal but is unable to give his team the lead at the Bernabeu . Ramos tries to encourage the crowd to make more noise at the Bernabeu as Real Madrid tried to break the deadlock . Ramos goes down holding his face during the Madrid derby at the Bernabeu for the Champions League quarter-final second leg . Ramos holds his face as German referee Brych approaches to figure out what is wrong with the Spain defender . But the chances would come for Real , with Ronaldo forcing a fine save from the impressive Jan Oblak just before the break and Hernandez failing to capitalise on that delightful ball from Isco just after the restart . Only when Turan was dismissed did the breakthrough come , however , Ronaldo and Hernandez exploiting the slight tactical change Simeone had been forced to make as a result of the red card . Atletico 's manager said he had no regrets . ` I am proud of my players , ' he said . ` But congratulations to our rivals , who played a good game and scored a beautiful goal . ' Which it was . A triumph for the beautiful game too . Cristiano Ronaldo rises to get his head to the ball above Atletico Madrid 's Miranda -LRB- centre -RRB- and Diego Godin -LRB- left -RRB- during the tie . Ronaldo reflects after a missed chance during the Real Madrid vs Atletico Madrid tie in the Champions League quarter-final second leg . It proved a physical contest as usual between the Madrid sides as Ronaldo is pictured here complaining to the referee after a foul . Atletico Madrid goalkeeper Jan Oblak had looked dominant between the sticks for the visitors as he fought for a cleansheet . Oblak allows the ball to go over his goal safely as Atletico Madrid tried to defend the attacks of their great rivals and neighbours Real . Atletico Madrid goalkeeper Oblak dives to his left to make a save during the nervy Champions League tie for both sides . Diego Simeone -LRB- left -RRB- and Carlo Ancelotti embrace amid the Madrid derby as both teams went head to head at the Bernabeu . The Real Madrid team bus was greeted by thousands of supporters outside the ground ahead of kick-off in the European tie . Fans showed their support for the Real Madrid squad as they arrived at the Bernabeu for Wednesday night 's match with rivals Atletico . This goal map shows how Hernandez scored the only strike of the two legs ... CLICK HERE for statistics , heat maps and more like this !