Terrifying footage has emerged of young thugs who got out of their vehicle to threaten another driver while one was armed with a weapon at a set of traffic lights . The dashboard camera has captured the unnamed driver travelling along a Melbourne road when a red ute with P-plates quickly cuts into the lane to turn right at an intersection . Moments later , the red ute appears to look frustrated at the slow moving traffic as they attempt to overtake by carelessly swerving onto the wrong side of the road , A Current Affair reports . Scroll down for video . This woman pulled out a dagger and stabbed the car 's bonnet before she made her way back to the red ute . As the driver in front passes through another intersection , the ute seemed to have slowed down until they dashed passed an amber light before ramming the innocent driver . When the red ute pulled in front of the vehicle at a red light , three young people got out to confront the threatened driver . The ute driver is seen wandering off the screen while a young woman , donning a black hooded jacket , pulls the middle finger at the driver as she walks closer to the vehicle . Within seconds , she pulls a dagger out of her side and stabs the bonnet of the car before the three are seen walking back to their ute . It started when the red ute driver appeared frustrated with the slow traffic before ramming into another car . Stopping at a red light , three young people are seen getting out of the ute as they begin to threaten the driver . It 's not known as to what happened next after the video stopped or whether anything else had triggered the bizarre road rage incident where three angry people got out of the red ute . But driving expert Ian Luff was disgusted with the behaviour after watching the disturbing footage . ` That 's just completely crazy and I 'd hate to be that driver , ' he told A Current Affair . ` I 'm absolutely appalled - what we saw is someone completely out of control . ' The young women , donning a black hooded jacket , is seen pulling the finger at the driver of the dashcam . This young woman who was armed with a dagger got out of the red ute as she confronted another driver . Mr Luff added he felt grateful for the existence of dashcams as it led police to investigate the road rage ute driver in this case . The ute motorist has been suspended for 12 months from driving and hit with a $ 2000 fine . Police are now investigating the woman who was armed with a weapon , A Current Affair reports .