Police are considering manslaughter charges after a man who was violently shaken as a baby died as a result - two decades later . Liam Dawe , 21 , was born a healthy child but suffered serious and on-going health complications ever since he was assaulted as a four week old . He died at Derriford Hospital in Plymouth , Devon in March last year from ` intra-abdominal sepsis ' after developing cerebral palsy following the the assault . Liam Dawe died at Derriford Hospital -LRB- pictured -RRB- in Plymouth , Devon , in March last year from ` intra-abdominal sepsis ' after developing cerebral palsy following the the assault . At an inquest into his death in Plymouth , coroner Ian Arrow said : ` On the balance of probability , Mr Dawe 's health was compromised -LRB- by the assault -RRB- and he died earlier than expected . ' A senior officer attended the hearing and said the law changed in 1996 that meant an act was presumed not to have caused a person 's death if it happened more than a year before . But Det Con Insp David Elliott said as Mr Dawe 's injuries were caused in 1993 before the rules came into force , fresh manslaughter charges could still be brought . The inquest heard that Liam , of Tavistock , Devon , was born an otherwise ` normal , healthy baby with no concerns ' in 1993 , but was shaken at just four weeks old . Police are considering manslaughter charges after Liam Dawe died two decades after being assaulted as a four week old . As a result of an injury to the brain , Mr Dawe developed severe cerebral palsy , epilepsy and visual impairment as well as learning , feeding and respiratory difficulties . He was admitted to Derriford Hospital on March 4 of last year with jaundice and later died on March 25 after his condition deteriorated following a laparotomy to treat an intra-abdominal sepsis . His GP Dr Jo Coldron said : ` There was no health concern at birth , but at four-weeks-old , Liam suffered from a non-accidental injury that led to learning difficulties , cerebral palsy muscle spasms , scoliosis , epilepsy , an unprotected airway and respiratory difficulties . ` On March 4 , Liam was admitted to Derriford Hospital . He was slightly jaundiced but otherwise seemed well . ` He was later admitted to ICU , but there was no clear source for his abdominal sepsis . The ` year and a day rule ' stated that an act was presumed not to have caused a person to die if more than a year and a day had elapsed before death . The ancient rule , which applied to death and suicide , was abolished under the Law Reform Act 1996 amid medical advances . However , the permission of the Attorney General is still required for any prosecution where it is claimed that the death occurred more than three years after the act , or when the offender has previously been convicted of an offence in connection with the death . ` On March 12 , he was discharged by ICU onto the ward where his condition deteriorated before he died on March 25 . ' DCI Elliott attended the inquest to assess the assault Mr Dawe sustained as a baby to determine its significance in his death . He said : ` The question asked of us was if somebody would be prosecuted for manslaughter . ` The adult who assaulted Liam when he was four weeks old was convicted and sent to prison for 12 months imprisonment . ` Liam was shaken at four weeks old and his injuries resulted in ongoing health problems . ` The assault was a deliberate act and , at the time , the question was whether the adult intended to cause grievous bodily harm . ` In June 1996 , there was a law change to the `` Year and a Day '' rule which stated an act was presumed not to have caused a person 's death if more than a year and a day had elapsed before death . ` However , as the injuries were sustained in January 1993 , the rule still stands . ' Coroner Ian Arrow concluded the cause of Liam 's death was ` intra-abdominal sepsis in an individual with severe cerebral palsy . '