Sam Allardyce has outlined his ambitions to qualify for the Europa League next season by ensuring that West Ham finish first in the Premier League Fair Play Table . The top three nations in UEFA 's rankings qualify for the competition , with England currently sitting third behind the Republic of Ireland and Netherlands . At present , the Hammers sit first in the Premier League rankings with 999 points - eight ahead of second-placed Burnley . West Ham manager Sam Allardyce has outlined his ambition to qualify for the Europa League next season . The 60-year-old wants his side to do so via Fair Play - with the club currently first in the Premier League . P : Games played , R/Y : Red & yellow cards , P/P : Positive play , R/O : Respect towards opponent , R/R : Respect towards referee , B/O : Behaviour of officials , PTS : Points , AVG : Average . How the Premier League Fair Play Table looks up to March 31 . And the lure of hosting European games in the club 's final season at Upton Park , before their move to the Olympic Stadium , is an opportunity that Allardyce believes should n't be sniffed at . ` Based on what we 're being told , we have a really good chance of qualifying for the Europa League by finishing top of the Fair Play League , ' the 60-year-old told the Evening Stanard . ` I believe Burnley are our nearest rivals but we 've apparently been top all season . ` The criteria includes your disciplinary record but that 's not all . Crowd behaviour , respect to match officials and your team 's approach to games - the type of football you play , chances you create , how entertaining you are - also play a part as well . ` Things can change in the last few games but the experience of European competition should be everyone 's dream , particularly in what should be a momentous final season at the Boleyn Ground . ` Whether you enter via the front or back door does n't matter . The record books will say you qualified for Europe in 2015-16 . ' Hammers will be playing at Upton Park for the last time next season before they move to the Olympic Stadium . A computer generated image of how the Olympic Stadium will look once West Ham move there in 2016 . Teams are judged on the following criteria : . Yellow and red cards . If no cards are shown the score will be 10 . Every yellow card will deduct this total by one . A red card will cost a team three points in the ranking . If the red card is the result of a second yellow card the deductions of the second yellow card will be ignored . But if a player gets a direct red card after he got a yellow card earlier , the yellow card will be counted as a deduction . This score could become negative . Positive play . E.g. attacking tactics , acceleration of the game , efforts to gain time , and continued pursuit of goals . A team can score a maximum of 10 points and a minimum of 1 point . Respect to the opponent . E.g. returning the ball to the opponent at a throw-in , helping an injured opponent : maximum five points , minimum one point . Respect to the referee . Maximum five points , minimum one point . Behaviour of the team officials . Maximum five points , minimum one point . Behaviour of the fans . Maximum five points , minimum one point .