Three reportedly inexperienced abalone divers died after jumping into rough seas off the coast of northern California on Sunday . The men were part of a group of five divers from the East Coast and San Francisco . Ten friends , including the dead men , had rented a house on Caspar Cove 160 miles north of San Francisco to hunt for abalone , a rare and expensive mollusk that is prized as a delicacy . The Santa Rosa Press Democrat reports that the accident in Mendocino County is the deadliest single incident involving abalone divers in recent memory . Witnesses said at least some of the men appeared to be inexperienced abalone divers who chose rough , choppy waters near several dangerous rock outcroppings to dive - instead of entering the water at the soft beach nearby . Abalone is a prized delicacy that sells for up to $ 70 per pound . The annual abalone season brings divers out into the rough waters of northern California -LRB- stock image -RRB- . The three men died after diving into rough waters off of rocky coastline in Mendocino County , California , on Sunday in search of abalone -LRB- stock imagine of abalone diver -RRB- . Firefighters said the men dove into water in Caspar Cove and found themselves immediately in trouble . An off-duty firefighter who happened to be fishing nearby spotted the men and called for help . The three men who drowned were overcome by the churning water and crushed against the sharp rocks on shore . Rescuers managed to pull the two survivors and one of the dead men from the water immediately after arriving on scene . A Sonoma County Sheriff 's Office helicopter plucked the second victim from the sea and brought him to shore . Ten friends from the East Coast and San Francisco rented a house on Caspar Cove to dive for abalone , locals said . Five of them went out on Sunday - three died . Firefighters performed CPR on the two drowned men on the beach as his horrified friends watched - but both were pronounced dead on Sunday afternoon . The third man 's body was found after a five-hour search that involved aircraft and boats from several fire departments and sheriff 's offices , as well as the US Coast Guard . He was smashed against rocks in a cove , which required rescuers to hoist his body up the cliff with a winch because they could n't get to him by water . Local authorities say the abalone season , which started April 1 , is always marred by several rescues and often a few death . Abalone , a snail-like mollusk with a beautiful shiny shell , sells for up to $ 70 a pound .