From the dry , relentless heat of Alice Springs to the icy cold hills of Canberra , a university student will push his body to the limit , running a marathon in each of Australia 's eight states and territories to honour the memory of his late , treasured childhood friend . Although he had never run a marathon before , Callum Ryan , 21 , committed himself to the daunting challenge of running eight of them between January and September 2015 - covering a total distance of 337.5 kilometres . His ` Eight Great States ' campaign is driven by his passion to make a difference after the loss of his friend , Malachy Frawley who died from heart disease in 2013 when he was just 14 years old . Callum is preparing to battle vastly different weather conditions and diverse terrains as he pounds the pavement right around Australia , raising funds for not-for-profit organisation HeartKids Australia - supporting thousands of children living with heart defects . Callum posing like international running champion Usain Bolt at the finish line after the Canberra Times Marathon on April 12 , with his little sister Josie and brother Henrik . Callum Ryan poses with his treasured friend Malachy Frawley , who sadly passed away when he was 14 . Malachy Frawley brought laughter to the world in his short but wonderful life , showing great courage through his lifelong battle with the severe heart condition Hypoplastic Right Heart Syndrome . The University of Sydney student has committed himself to the incredible endeavour in memory of a Malachy , who brought laughter to the world in his short but wonderful life , showing great courage through his lifelong battle with the severe heart condition Hypoplastic Right Heart Syndrome . Callum is inspired by the incredible strength and resilience Malachy displayed as he faced the challenges of a Congenital Heart Disease , which severely affected his mobility . Since January , Callum has already faced his first three marathons : kicking it all off with a 22 degree race in Hobart , sweating through the 28 degree heat in the Victoria town of Wangaratta and freezing through an icy seven degree start in Canberra . With each race , Callum has improved on his previous time by at least ten minutes . This comes despite his muscle fatigue with the quick turnaround as he pushes his body to recover and do it all again ! The worst is yet to come , as Callum is scheduled to run a marathon in Darwin and then summon the strength to run another in Perth just 14 days later - and another 21 days after that in Sydney . Despite Malachy being five years Callum 's junior , they forged a truly special friendship . ` Finished first ! -LRB- out of all the people running to raise money for HeartKids obviously -RRB- ' Callum joked after he finishing the Wangaratta marathon in sweltering , 35 degree heat . Eight Great States : One man , eight marathons , eight states and territories , nine months , 337.56 kilometres . Every step of the way , the memory of Malachy is never far from Callum 's mind -- helping him to find the mental strength to make it to the finish line . ` At times during the race I thought `` it 'd be easier to stop now , no one would think any worse of you because a marathon is a tough thing to try '' , ' Callum said . ` But I set out to do this . As I run , I sometimes think of Malachy and the thousands and thousands of other kids in that situation . ' ` While I was running I thought about kids with Congenital Heart Disease and their families . ' Callum is conscious of how lucky he is to be healthy and able to complete a marathon . Every step of the way , the memory of Malachy is never far from Callum 's mind -- helping him to find the mental strength to make it to the finish line . Malachy was the beloved younger brother of Niamh , Imogen and Seamus , growing up in NSW 's Nowra . HeartKids made incredible changes to Malachy 's life -LRB- pictured with his father Dom and mother Maggie -RRB- . They supplied him with a segway so he could be more mobile and have his own independence . Hobart was the perfect location for Callum to embark on his first ever marathon - an ideal 22 degrees . ` Children with CHD struggle to walk around in their day to day lives because their bodies are n't equipped . ` I had to stick to my challenge because they find that strength every day . ' ` I disappeared into those types of thoughts and the kilometres fell away . ' ` With the personal connection none of it feels like a chore or a risk . ' He hopes to make people aware of the plight of children with heart disease and the need to support the children and their families . Every day in Australia , eight babies are born with a heart defect . Every week , four precious lives are lost and vital research needs to take place to work out of how to save them . `` I first came across HeartKids through Malachy . I 'd raised money for them before but I wanted to do something significant for Heartkids . ' Every day in Australia , eight babies are born with a heart defect . Every week , four precious lives are lost and vital research needs to take place to work out of how to save them . When Malachy -LRB- left -RRB- was in kindergarten the pair were excited to discover Callum -LRB- right -RRB- had also been allocated as Malachy 's Year Six buddy -- a mentor and friendly face across the playground . Callum grew up in Nowra in New South Wales ' South Coast , where he formed a close bond with Malachy Frawley -LRB- second from left , with his siblings -RRB- , a family friend five years his junior . ` The most frightening thing about CHD is that there is no cure at the moment . If you 're born with it , then it 's with you for life . Lives are sadly cut short by it . ' Callum grew up in Nowra in New South Wales ' South Coast , where he formed a close bond with Malachy Frawley , a family friend five years his junior . When Malachy was in kindergarten the pair were excited to discover Callum had also been allocated as Malachy 's Year Six buddy -- a mentor and friendly face across the playground . Despite Malachy being five years his junior , they forged a truly special friendship . ` They had a very lovely friendship . They had the chance to get to know each other despite being five years apart , ' explained Malachy 's father , Dr Dom Frawley . ` Lucky enough for Callum and Malachy they were paired up and their personalities really gelled . Although he had never run a marathon before , Callum Ryan , 21 , committed himself to the daunting challenge of running eight of them between January and September 2015 . Since January , Callum has already faced his first three marathons : including sweating through the 28 degree heat in the Victoria town of Wangaratta -LRB- r -RRB- and freezing through a seven degree start in Canberra -LRB- l -RRB- . ` Malachy looked up to Callum a lot as a mentor and Callum took that role seriously and invested a lot of time in Malachy . ` They got the chance to discover they had a lot in common in the way they saw and thought about things , particularly in the way they were so creative . ' In his fourteen short years , Malachy left his mark on the world -- creating , daydreaming and making people smile . Malachy has been remembered as ` an author , film director , comedian , drummer , raconteur and HeartKids . ' He was adored for his ` wit and loving nature . ' Malachy was affected by one of the most serious heart conditions , which greatly affected his mobility . Although Callum will be travelling to many marathons alone during his Eight States campaign , he travelled via Camry with his great mate Nick Peters to his third marathon in the ACT . Dom and his family have been greatly touched by Callum 's -LRB- third from left -RRB- commitment to making a change in the life of other children . He had needed to rely on others to drive or piggyback up from place to place , until HeartKids gifted him with a Segway . ` The Segway completely transformed his life , ' said his father Dom . ` He could suddenly get places without having to rely on people to carry him , which was quite a dramatic change from what he 'd always been able to do . ' Their boy with a quick wit and limitless imagination now had the freedom of movement and increased independence , able to travel around his neighbourhood and to and from school . ` I left the training a bit late before my first marathon , frankly . I felt really nervous before my first marathon , thinking `` have I done enough ? ' '' . Dom and his family have been greatly touched by Callum 's commitment to making a change in the life of other children . ` We 're very gratified and we 're touched by it . Hopefully it will help a lot of people with the sickness to raise funds and awareness . ` It 's great for him to have that awareness . Callum cares a lot about people . ' You can donate to Callum 's Eight Great States campaign to help HeartKids here . Callum is preparing to battle vastly different weather conditions and diverse terrains as he pounds the pavement right around Australia , raising funds for not-for-profit organisation HeartKids Australia - supporting thousands of children living with heart defects .