Authorities in Virginia are searching for the cell phone of a missing young woman 40 miles from where she was last seen . Norfolk Police continued to look for Anjelica ` AJ ' Hadsell , 18 , who has been missing since March 2 , and focused on a pond near Carrsville after a new tip . Local resident Steve Hines said that divers were searching the outer edges of the pond for the Longwood University freshman 's phone , which sent strange text messages to her mother shortly after her disappearance . Scroll down for video . Police are searching a pond near Carrsville , Virginia , in an attempt to find the cell phone of Anjelica ` AJ ' Hadsell , a Longwood University freshman who was last seen on March 2 . AJ Hadsell -LRB- left -RRB- was last seen driving near her parents ' home in Norfolk and her stepfather Wesley Hadsell -LRB- right -RRB- was taken into custody late last month after being interrogated by police for more than 15 hours . The teenager was last seen when she was home for spring break driving near her home in Norfolk , roughly 40 miles from the pond searched Friday , according to 13 News Now . Hines said that police showed him a picture and asked him if he had seen a white van for Quality Plumbing . He said that he had seen the vehicle , which belongs to a company where Hadsell 's stepfather Wesley works , driving along the rural road . He had been working in nearby Franklin , Virginia , around the time of the disappearance . The stepfather of the teenager , 36 , was taken into police custody late last month amid claims that he knows who has taken his daughter . He was arrested on March 21 after being interrogated by police for more than 15 hours . Wesley was been locked up on six charges including four charges of obstructing justice , one charge of possessing ammunition after a felony and one charge of breaking and entering . He said he broke into the home of the person that he believes took his daughter against her will . Wesley Hadsell , left , has admitted breaking into the home of the person that he believes took his daughter AJ , right , against her will . The stepfather has a criminal record including dropped rape and kidnapping charges . Residents of Carrsville reported a white plumbing van for the company Wesley Hadsell works for driving suspiciously around the pond . ` I could n't sit a minute away from where my daughter may have been , ' he told WAVY.com . Wesley has admitted to spending roughly 18 minutes inside the home , where he says he searched for evidence by going through the trash and searching under the carpet . He said he even punched the family dog out of anger . While searching the property AJ 's stepfather claims that he discovered her jacket . ` I found my daughter 's jacket in his couch rolled up behind the cushion , ' he said . ` I was just trying to make the evidence come to light . It 's not like I had the jacket , I did n't plant the jacket , I did n't know anything about that . It was the fact of the overwhelming information that led me there . ' Officially police have said that they are not ruling out foul play and they have no suspects . During a search of Wesley 's hotel room police found 72 rounds of nine-millimeter ammunition . He has aroused local suspicions on social media in part because he has a lengthy felony criminal record . In 2005 his ex-wife went missing for several days and he was reportedly arrested after allegedly kidnapping her and driving her across multiple states . Charges of rape , kidnapping , assault and domestic violence were later dropped . Police have not ruled out foul play in the disappearance of the Longwood University freshman , which has lasted for more than a month . Police spent over 12 hours combing a large , remote wooded area in coastal Chesapeake following a tip that some of AJ 's clothing had being found on the side of the road late last month . He also served 54 months in prison for a bank robbery in Fredericksburg , Virginia , according to WTKR . Now he says that he is a changed man . Wesley and his wife were estranged when he was arrested , but it is not clear what their relationship was at the time of the disappearance . Jennifer Busby , AJ 's mother , said she received text messages from her daughter 's phone shortly after he disappearance but was not sure that the person sending them was actually the missing girl . Wesley Hadsell was denied bond and the judge said the he was trying to impede the investigation into his stepdaughter 's disappearance , according to the Virginian-Pilot . He admitted to increasing cocaine use , but said that he just wants to see his daughter home . A neighbor reported seeing AJ driving ` with purpose ' and then saw a white four-door vehicle following about a minute behind her . They say Hadsell was followed by a white four-door compact car less than one minute later , and that another neighbor spotted a similar white car in the family 's driveway around the same time . AJ 's family and friends discovered items of her clothing two weeks ago near the side of the road in a remote wooded area in coastal Chesapeake . Four items were found that belonged to her . AJ is described as standing at 5 feet 6 inches tall and weighing 120 pounds .