A young woman on Reddit has shared a set of inspiring before and after images , which showcase how an exercise plan she began 20 months ago in an effort to lessen her depression has not only helped her mentally -- but has also ensured a dramatic physical transformation . Aliesha Peterson , 22 , detailed the extensive fitness routine that helped her go from 145 lbs to 127 lbs -- and enabled the Alberta , Canada , resident to gain a noticeably fitter , and much more muscular , physique , as well as an impressive six-pack . ` I can honestly say I am sooo thankful I started taking better care of myself -LSB- sic -RSB- , ' she wrote under her Reddit name ahhhgodzilla . ` My progress has been fairly slow but , to me , the most important thing is that I did n't give up . ' Scroll down for video . Impressive results : Aliesha Peterson , 22 , first started exercising in August 2013 , left ; as of April 2015 , right , she has lost nearly 20 lbs and gained a six-pack . Aliesha was n't always a fan of working out - and explained that she did n't start hitting the gym to look better in a bikini , either . ` I was extremely depressed and refusing to go back on anti-depressants , ' she explained . ` I went and saw a therapist , and she recommended that I join a gym and start working out three times a week . ` I reluctantly obliged and to be completely honest , I absolutely hated it . ` I hated how uncomfortable I felt there , that I obviously had no idea what I was doing . ' But after three months of sticking with it , she admitted that she started to ` somewhat enjoy it ' . Aliesha 's routine is made up of exercises that focus on a different part of her body for each day of the week , and she will often do cardio on the weekends . Her workouts include several sets of squats , bench presses , crunches , curls , and planks . On Wednesdays , she works on her back , which she said is her favorite part of her body . Her back exercises include deadlifts , hyperextensions , and chin ups . Bringing sexy back : The 22-year-old says her back is her favorite part of her body , and she focuses on exercises to strengthen it every Wednesday . ` Before ' body : Aliesha , pictured here in 2013 before she started exercising , was by no means overweight , but she has since become more toned by sticking to a demanding workout schedule . After about six months , Aliesha started changing her eating habits , too . While she once stuck to an unhealthy diet which included fast food ` at least twice a day ' , she began cooking her own meals and choosing to eat healthy food . Now , her diet consists of eggs , yogurt , fruit , chicken , seeds and nuts , green smoothies made with vegetables , protein shakes , turkey , and salmon . Aliesha admits that her story is n't one of shocking rapid weight loss - but she says her slow progress is the reason she 's been so successful . ` I 'm sure if I completely changed my lifestyle all at once that my results would have been a lot more impressive in a much shorter amount of time , but it would not have been sustainable , ' she wrote . Because she 's worked at a slow , steady pace , she 's been able to maintain her new figure - which has been a boon to her self-esteem . ` I am much more confident in my body , ' she told Daily Mail Online . ` I no longer hate looking in the mirror and have learned to accept my flaws and am able to see the positive qualities I possess as well . ' Barely-there biceps : In October 2013 , pictured , Aliesha had only just started going to the gym to help her improve her depression . Welcome to the gun show : Pictured this month , Aliesha 's arms have grown much more muscular ; she says she now loves going to the gym . Of course , Aliesha added , it is n't always easy to maintain the motivation to work out five to seven days a week , but sticking to a routine has helped . ` I truly believe the key to bettering yourself is to cultivate and preserve healthy habits , ' she continued . ` The first few months are the hardest , but once you make it through that stage it becomes a lot less painful , and you may even learn to enjoy it like I have . ' She is also enjoying what working out has done for her mental health . ` While I still struggle with depression , it is much , much less severe , ' she said . ` Instead of laying in bed all day crying , letting it consume me , I get up and do things - go to the gym , do yoga , walk my dogs , see friends . ` The best part of getting into this routine has definitely been the mental change , ' she concluded . ` My friends and family have all noticed the difference , my relationships are stronger , I feel better about myself , and I 'm constantly striving for self improvement . '