He only wore it a handful of times but , for many , Elvis Presley strutting around the stage in his gold lame tuxedo is their enduring image of The King . And as the decadent outfit makes the 4,300-mile journey his Memphis mansion to London , British fans are finally able to get up close to one of their idol 's most famous artefacts . Normally on display at Graceland , the singer 's former home-turned-museum , it is making a special two month appearance at the Elvis at The O2 exhibition from Sunday . The golden suit is making a special two month appearance at the Elvis at The O2 exhibition from Sunday . Even during Presley 's lifetime , the tuxedo carried a level of mystique . His manager Colonel Tom Parker had it ferried to concert venues in an armoured truck and under armed guards as a way of drumming up more press coverage . Angie Marchese , Graceland 's Director of Archives , has previously said : ` It 's the ultimate piece of 50s memorabilia that is connected to Elvis 's life and career which is important because our collection is quite light on 50s stuff because Elvis did n't keep those things . It really represents his rise to fame in the 50s . ' Although touted as his $ 10,000 suit , this astronomical price was reportedly a gimmick and the actual value was closer to $ 2,500 , although this would still be around £ 20,000 by today 's standards . It was made for the singer by Hollywood tailor Nudie Cohn , whose other customers have included Sir Elton John , Ronald Reagan and John Wayne . Graceland director Kevin Kern inspects the suit before it is put on display . Although touted as his $ 10,000 suit , this astronomical price was reportedly a gimmick and the actual value was closer to $ 2,500 . Presley , who died in 1977 at the age of 42 , first wore the suit in public on March 28 , 1957 during a performance at the International Amphitheatre in Chicago . He wore the full ensemble -- consisting of gold jacket , trousers , belt , tie and shoes -- just twice more at live performances , in St. Louis on the night following its first appearance and then again in Toronto on April 2 , 1957 . It is perhaps best known for being worn on the cover of 1959 compilation album 50,000 Elvis Fans Ca n't Be Wrong , which contained no less than 17 pictures of the singer wearing the extravagant outfit . Arriving at the O2 exhibition , it will sit alongside other artefacts such as his 16 karat ` Taking Care of Business ' ring , a signed Champagne bottle from his wedding to Priscilla and the Red MG Roadster from his film Blue Hawaii .