Georgia high school basketball coach Greg Scott had n't been feeling well lately , so on Monday he went to his doctor where he was shocked to discover he had leukemia . Less than 24 hours after the devastating diagnosis , the 51-year-old married father of two and grandfather unexpectedly succumbed to the deadly disease . For the past eight years , Scott had taught special education and social studies at Cass High School and was the school 's head basketball coach . Sudden death : Less than 24 hours after Georgia high school basketball coach Greg Scott -LRB- left -RRB- was diagnosed with leukemia , he succumbed to the illness . Mentor : For the past eight years , Scott -LRB- pictured right with his son -RRB- had taught special education and social studies at Cass High School and was the school 's head basketball coach . Towering figure : The teacher and sports coach was universally remembered as a deeply caring , wise man who was committed to his students and players . But those who knew him , including his colleagues and players , say there was much more to Scott than his love of sports . False hope : Initially , Scott -LRB- pictured with daughter Cieanna -RRB- and his family were told that his leukemia was treatable . Greg Scott , 51 , a basketball coach at Cass High School in Georgia , likely had contracted a fast-moving type of leukemia , known as acute myeloid leukemia , months before his death but was diagnosed only a day before he lost his brief battle with the illness . Leukemia is a type of cancer that starts in cells that form new blood cells . These cells are found in the soft , inner part of the bones called the bone marrow . In patients who suffers from AML , the cancer grows quickly , and if not treated , could be fatal in a matter of months . With acute types of leukemia such as AML , bone marrow cells do not mature the way they 're supposed to . These immature cells , called blast cells , just keep building up . Because it is ` acute , ' this type of leukemia can spread quickly to the blood and to other parts of the body such as lymph nodes ; liver ; spleen ; brain and spinal cord , as well as testicles in men . This type of cancer is considered rare and has a five-year survival rate of only 24 per cent . AML can be treated with radiation , chemotherapy stem cell transplant , but like with other types of cancer , early detection is key . ` He was more about teaching kids how to be good people , ' Principal Mike Nelson told Atlanta Journal Constitution . ` He was n't worried about winning or losses . ' A spokeswoman for the Bartow County Schools said Scott had fallen ill a few weeks ago and was diagnosed with pneumonia . After a week off for Spring Break , the coach returned to work Monday but still was not feeling well . The 51-year-old school staffer took a sick day and sought medical treatment . Tests showed that the father of two had leukemia - a potentially terminal cancer of the blood . He was taken to Northside Hospital that day , where he suddenly passed away Wednesday morning . Coach Scott was described in glowing terms as an active member of the Cass High School community who was always willing to lend his colleagues a helping hand . Bobby Hughes , Cass ' head football coach and longtime friend of Scott 's , said his unexpected passing devastated the entire school . Scott 's former player and assistant coach Drew McKaig told The Daily Tribune News the 51-year-old had made an enormous impact on the lives of students and colleagues alike . ` He would talk to them . He would encourage people and pick them up , ' McKaig said . ` Just him being a mentor to me and always talking to me , the one thing he always emphasized was not only wins and basketball games . ' The young assistant coach said that when Scott was transferred to the hospital Tuesday , he went to visit him . He remembered that the cancer-stricken man seemed determined to beat the disease . ` He kept saying , `` All I can do is fight it , ' '' McKaig recalled . Initially , Scott and his family were told that his leukemia was treatable , but the reality turned out to be much bleaker . ` He fought , but you ca n't win every game , ' McKaig said . ` You ca n't win every battle . ' Following his passing Wednesday morning , Scott 's heartbroken players and students took to social media to mourn their loss . Junior Mike Sims wrote : ` Coach Scott was like a father figure to me ... you will be missed I promise . ' Loving father : The 51-year-old leaves behind his wife , daughter Cieanna -LRB- left -RRB- and son Trey -LRB- right -RRB- . Family man : The married father of two got to enjoy a few years with his young grandson , Luke Sisk -LRB- far right -RRB- .