This felt a heavy blow for Derby County . Looking on course for a first victory in seven Championship games against the 10 men of Watford , they conceded an equaliser to Odion Ighalo that further undermines their promotion ambitions . Adlene Guedioura seized on hesitant defending by Craig Forsyth with 15 minutes to go to slip a weighted pass to his Watford team-mate , who poked the ball past Lee Grant to snatch an unlikely point . There was a seismic rally from the hosts , who ended the game camped in Watford 's box , never mind half . The final act was Heurelho Gomes producing a fingertip save from Richard Keogh 's header . Odion Ighalo celebrates after scoring Watford 's equaliser to secure them a point at the iPro Stadium . Ighalo is joined by team-mate and captain Troy Deeney -LRB- right -RRB- after making the score 2-2 on Friday night . Darren Bent celebrates his goal from the penalty spot with Derby 's mascot at the iPro Stadium . Derby County : Grant 6.5 ; Christie 4 -LRB- Lingard 46 ' 6 -RRB- , Keogh 6.5 , Shotton 6 , Forsyth 5 ; Thorne 5 -LRB- Hendrick 29 ' 6 -RRB- , Hughes 6.5 , Bryson 6 -LRB- Martin 76 ' 5 -RRB- ; Ince 7.5 , Russell 7 , Bent 6.5 . Subs not used : Roos -LRB- GK -RRB- , Ward , Albentosa , Warnock . Booked : Bryson 56 . Goals : Bent 45 +1 , Ince 57 . Manager - Steve McClaren : 6.5 . Watford : Gomes 7 ; Motta 3 , Cathcart 6.5 , Angella 6 , Hoban 6 ; Layun 6 -LRB- Anya 64 ' 5 -RRB- , Watson 6.5 , Guedioura 6.5 ; Ighalo 7 -LRB- Connolly 77 ' 5 -RRB- ; Deeney 6 , Vydra 7 -LRB- Tozser 46 ' 6 -RRB- . Subs not used : Bond -LRB- GK -RRB- , Munari , Doyley , Pudil . Booked : Watson 7 . Sent off : Motta 44 . Goal : Vydra 23 . Manager - Slavisa Jokanovic : 7 . Referee - Kevin Friend 6.5 . Man of the Match : Tom Ince . Attendance : 31,748 . Gomes had earlier saved with his legs from Darren Bent . There was a goalline clearance . Chris Martin arrived for his first minutes in nearly two months . But it is only a point for Steve McClaren 's side . Enough to lift them back into the play-off places having fallen out earlier on Good Friday following positive results for those around them . Only on goal difference however . Having played a man up for the entire second half , this was a big opportunity missed . It had seemed Tom Ince , fresh from pulling out of England 's Under-21 side to concentrate on reigniting his stuttering career , had produced a goal of splendour that would do much the same for Derby 's season . Ince picked up the ball in the 57th minute , danced round two Watford defenders and bent a finish into the far corner . At that stage Derby were set for a first victory since February 24 . But Slavisa Jokanovic adjusted his team cleverly and Watford found a way through . Derby had begun the match as if the international break had been spent on a leash now removed . A fortnight to stew on poor form and a loosening grip on promotion ambition , here was an chance to illustrate there is life in the old dog yet . Tom Ince watches on as his strike flies into the bottom corner to put Derby 2-1 up against Watford . Ince -LRB- left -RRB- , alongside team-mate Bent , celebrates putting Derby in the lead against their promotion rivals . Steve McClaren screams from the touchline as his Derby side look to strengthen their promotion charge . Just two points collected in six games and the for those around them earlier in the day meant Derby entered the contest outside the top six for the first time since September 27 . Watford came into this game with a defeat ringing in their ears too , a 1-0 home reverse to Ipswich , but in pretty decent nick in general : five wins from the six before that . The atmosphere carried the appropriate edge for a match of this magnitude , both sets of fans vocal . It was the hosts who started with greater energy . Watford 's Marco Motta saw red just before half-time when he brought down Johnny Russell in the area . Bent slotted the penalty past Heurelho Gomes in the Watford goal to level the scores at 1-1 . The former England striker 's penalty levelled the score at 1-1 just before the half-time break . In the 15th minute Bent had a close-range shot deflected wide and from the resulting corner a smart routine , involving Craig Bryson and George Thorne , saw Tom Ince released to the byline . His cutback found Bent but the striker 's former Tottenham colleague Heurelho Gomes saved the finish superbly . Watford , starting with three forwards in Troy Deeney , Matej Vydra and Ighalo who have 48 Championship goals between them this season , carried a sizeable offensive threat . In the 23rd minute they went ahead . It was more sloppy defending from Derby , who have suffered from slackness at the back during their downturn . Cyrus Christie was twice at fault , first losing possession to Vydra when trying to dribble clear then driving his attempted clearance in the box straight into Ighalo . The ball popped to Vydra who lashed home a first-time finish for his fifth goal in seven games . Matej Vydra celebrates his goal - the first of the match - to put Watford in the lead away from home . Vydra -LRB- left -RRB- smiles to the crowd after putting Watford 1-0 up with his fifth goal in seven matches . Late in the game , there was a brutal clash of heads between Adlene Guedioura -LRB- left -RRB- and Ryan Shotton . Both players were sent flying and needed extensive treatment from their respective physios . Guedioura was impressive for Watford , and was named man of the match by Sky shortly after his injury . McClaren came down from his position in the stands unusually early to bark instructions and rearrange his side with George Thorne needing to come off injured on his return from a spell out . Jeff Hendrick was sent on and contributed to the equaliser , delivering a smart backheel that gave Ince space to thread a pass to Johnny Russell in the area . He took a touch and was brought down by Marco Motta . Referee Kevin Friend pointed to the spot and , after consideration , produced the red card for denial of a goalscoring opportunity . This was welcome change for Derby fans who had seen their side suffer defeat Wolves last time out after a horrible officiating error . Bent stepped up and dispatched the penalty with clinical power , his eighth goal since arriving on loan from Aston Villa . McClaren replaced Christie with Jesse Lingard in a bold attacking move at the interval , in search of a crucial victory . But it was not to be . Bent swivels to shoot at Gomes in the Watford goal , but he puts it wide and misses the chance to score . Bent reacts to his missed chance , while Watford 's Ben Watson -LRB- right -RRB- watches on with relief . Watford are still in the hunt for a promotion spot after they hung on for a 2-2 draw despite losing a man .