A grand home owned by President Richard Nixon and dubbed the Western White House has been put on sale for $ 75million . The 5.45 acre estate in San Clemente , California was bought by the former Commander in Chief in 1969 , six months into his presidency . Nixon entertained 17 heads of state at the home , which was built in 1926 and overlooks the Pacific Ocean . Scroll down for video . Western White House : The home , pictured above in 1969 when Nixon bought it , is now on sale for $ 75million . The entrance of the 5.45 acre estate , dubbed La Casa Pacifica , pictured today . Heads of state : Nixon is pictured overlooking the Pacific Ocean while entertaining Soviet leader Leonid Brezhnev . Among his guests were Soviet leader Leonid Brezhnev and Secretary of State Henry Kissinger . The estate is made up of a ` grand pavilion ' measuring 9,000 square feet , and also boasts several satellite residences for staff , according to the Orange County Register . Guests of the president were able to enjoy a pool and poolside terrace , a tennis court and landscaped lawns and gardens . When Nixon bought it , the property cost $ 1.4 million . It also has several security annexes , which must have proved useful to Nixon for accommodating his ever-present Secret Service detail . Inside : Nixon is pictured above with his wife Pat inside the home in San Celemente , California . Nixon 's study at the home , where he entertained 17 heads of state . Henry Kissinger was also one of his guests . Exterior : Nixon bought the home for $ 1.4 million in 1969 and moved out in 1980 . The house was then bought by political ally Gavin S. Herbert . The estate is made up of a ` grand pavilion ' measuring 9,000 square feet , and also boasts several satellite residences for staff . When Nixon resigned in shame in 1974 after the Watergate scandal , he retreated to the home , which he referred to as La Casa Pacifica . He wrote his memoirs during the years following his resignation , and filmed the famous Frost-Nixon interviews not far away . He owned the home until 1980 , at which point he sold it to political ally Gavin S. Herbert , the founder of the Allergan pharmaceuticals company . A tiled hallway that is the entrance to the 10-room house . Nixon retreated to La Casa Pacifica after his resignation in 1974 . Nixon sits by his pool in 1971 . He wrote his memoirs at the house during the years following his resignation . Guests of the president were able to enjoy a pool and poolside terrace , a tennis court and landscaped lawns and gardens . Party : Nixon , center right , is shown here hosting a gathering at the home . Left to right are Bob Hope , Tricia Nixon , Pat Nixon , Gerald Ford , Dolores Hope , Nixon , Betty Ford , Henry Kissinger and Arnold Palmer . Herbert , now 83 , has owned it ever since , and said he was so taken by the home that he tended to its gardens as a volunteer before buying it from Nixon . He has expanded the home under his ownership , adding a basement and remodeling other parts . Herbert told the Wall Street Journal that the putting the house on the market was ` a very hard decision ' . He said : ` I think we felt we were caretakers . We care a lot about who the next caretakers would be . ' Herbert said he was so taken by the home that he tended to its gardens as a volunteer before buying it from Nixon . Herbet has expanded the home under his ownership , adding a basement and remodeling other parts . The original fountain in La Casa Pacifica 's courtyard . Herbert said that the putting the house on the market was ` a very hard decision ' He said : ` I think we felt we were caretakers . We care a lot about who the next caretakers would be '