As if it was n't bad enough having a job that involves routinely entering strangers ' homes , these estate agents may have just been put off for life . As a part of Sky Living 's promotion for its upcoming three-part drama , The Enfield Haunting , real London estate agents were invited to value a house in a viral video . What they did n't know , is that the house had been rigged with special effects to give the appearance of being possessed by a ghost . London estate agents were invited to a fake haunted house , where they were subject to terrifying pranks . Installed with secret cameras , microphones and booby traps , the unsuspecting estate agents are subject to cruel , but hilarious , pranks - which prompt hysterical reactions . An ordinary house in Enfield is chosen as the location , and to draw the estate agents in , is a pretend homeowner , Rosie , who wants her house valued . Upon entering the house , Rosie solemnly explains to the estate agents that the house was owned by her brother , who just so happened to also pass away in it . An ordinary house is chosen in Enfield for unsuspecting London estate agents to value . Cameras are installed the walls and members of the team monitor the hilarious reactions . An estate agent is invited into the house and greeted by the fake homeowner , Rosie . This already to serves to unsettle one estate agent , as his eyes widen in surprise . Once the scene is set , the funny pranks begin , and a shelf collapses randomly behind the estate agents . One reacts by literally leaping into the air and retracting his arms to his chest in a protective stance . Another startled estate agent lifts his hands up into the air in an automatic surrender position . Another gasps and raises her hand to her mouth , her shoulders jolting . Rosie -LRB- pictured right -RRB- explains to the estate agent -LRB- pictured left -RRB- that her brother recently died in the house . The estate agent looks nervous and unsettled . A shelf behind the estate agent collapses and he reacts with leaping into the air in shock . When the shelf collapses , another estate agent gasps , her shoulder jolting in shock . Already unsettled by the shelf , Rosie proceeds to lead them up the stairs , and gestures for them to look at the bathroom , while she attends to her phone ringing in another room . One of the estate agents is looking around , as the tap switches on by itself . As he goes to turn off the tap , it switches off by itself . Confused , he turns to leave the room , at which point the tap begins creepily running again , and again , turns off when he reaches towards it . In one room , marbles begin violently spilling out of one of the cabinets randomly . A combination of the noise and surprise causes one estate agent to shriek . As the marbles spill out of the cabinets , another estate agent throws his hands up in the air in surprise . He exits the room appearing puzzled and disconcerted . In the next shot , the estate agents are seen entering another bedroom , at which point marbles begin spilling violently out of one of the top cabinets , which is again met with hilarious reactions . As well as horrified screams and petrified stares from the estate agents , one of them throws his hands up in a surrender position , insisting : ` I did n't touch anything ! ' A cabinet randomly and violently topples over prompting a gasp from the estate agent . A woman is shocked as the cupboard doors begin rattling and things begin spilling out loudly . Frightened , another man turns around as the door slams violently behind him . Many of the estate agents are truly alarmed at this point and go in search of Rosie , the fake homeowner . Upon entering another bedroom , the team really begin to up the ante with the special effects . First a stocky wardrobe unit loudly topples over onto the floor , and the door creakily swings shut by itself . One woman presses her hand to her chest , truly gobsmacked and exclaims : ` Woah ! ' Another man screams frantically for the owner of the house . A woman stares at the wardrobe doors in horror as they begin to open and close and things begin to tumble out . She appears horrified as the door slams by itself behind her , her arms crossed in a protective stance . One man decides to intervene in the ghostly occurrence and kicks the spinning chair angri . Several of the wardrobe unit doors begin rattling and opening randomly unassisted , with objects falling out , and a chair begins spinning on its own . One of the estate agents cowers in the corner , shakily running his hands through his hair and appears evidently faint . Another man comically kicks the spinning chair and shrieks : ` Get Out ! ' At this point , many ca n't take the strange disturbances any more and run down the stairs , where the team members are revealed and they are let in on the prank . With relieved expressions and nervous laughter , they seem grateful that there is in fact no ghostly presence . The estate agents are let in on the prank as the cameras are revealed . One in particular seems extremely relieved that it is all a joke . ` Genuinely , I thought it was real ' : One estate agent appears shaken from his fake haunting experience . One said : ` I 'm actually speechless , like my heart 's actually going . ' Another insists : ` Genuinely , I thought it was for real . ' The Enfield Drama will be based on bizarre poltergeist-related events that occurred at a council house in 1977 . Starring Timothy Spall , the three-part drama , The Enfield Haunting will air on Sky Living on 3 May 2015 .