Floyd Mayweather has a pop-up shop where he is selling T-shirts with a Philippines flag in the background . ` I like that , ' says Pacquiao with chuckle and then tells the leader of the Money Team : ` Welcome to the Manny team . ' We are accustomed to seeing boxers with grim expressions and gruff reactions - wearing what they call their fight face - in the last days before going into unarmed combat . Manny Pacquiao salutes the crowd as he makes his official arrival at the Mandalay Bay hotel . Pacquiao takes a selfie with his legendary trainer Freddie Roach as they greet the crowds . The Money Team t-shirts with the Philippines flag in the background on sale in Las Vegas . Pacquiao has a new camera which he points at everyone he comes across . Who do you think WILL win the fight between Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao ? Who do you think WILL win the fight between Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao ? Now share your opinion . The PacMan is the happiest soul in Las Vegas , smiling , cracking jokes , bidding everyone welcome . His latest toy is a camera which he points at whoever he comes across , saying : ` I do n't know much about these things but I like taking portraits . ' There is no hint of strain even as the conversation turns to the Fight of the Century . ` OK , this is the most important fight for my boxing legacy but I know I am going to win , ' he says . ` We have several strategies for this fight . I 'm very comfortable . ` I ca n't say Mayweather is the most dangerous opponent of my career because I have n't fought him yet . ` At the moment it 's Oscar De La Hoya , Miguel Cotto and Juan Manuel Marquez . ` I can say he 's a difficult opponent but I 'm comfortable and confident . My killer instinct is back . ` I 'm different from the 47 opponents he 's fought before . I 'm faster than any of them . He will experience his first loss . ` This is the right time for me to fight Floyd . I 'm more experienced now than five years ago . The speed and power are still there . No age changes in me . ' They have been accused of delaying this epic for five years too long but Pacquiao adds : ` Now even people who do n't follow boxing want to watch this fight . ` When I started in America in 2001 nobody knew who I was . Now a lot of people know Manny Pacquiao ' Roger Custodio -LRB- left -RRB- and Joann Ramirez , both of Hawaii , hold signs as they cheer for Pacquiao . Pacquiao was greeted by thousands of fans as fight week continues in Las Vegas . British fan Mick Solak takes a selfie with Tecate Girl Vanessa Golub during the Pacquiao fan rally . The ring card girls line up before Pacquiao makes his entrance at the Mandalay Bay . A few hours after Pacquiao arrived , Floyd Mayweather met fans at the MGM Grand . He has no qualms about being cheated by the judges , the way he was in his first fight with Tim Bradley here , even though Las Vegas enjoys huge economic impact from Mayweather 's fights and two of the officials are Nevada residents . ` I always trust the judges and the commission , ' he says . ` I will throw a lot of punches and I believe I can win every round . ' His master trainer Freddie Roach is equally confident : ` We 've wanted this fight every day of our lives together . Now its bigger than ever . ` Manny 's ready . We 've got a great strategy . We 've worked on it together and we 're much closer now . ` He 's been showing me things , which I like . There 's been a lot excitement in the gym with the work he 's being doing . ` His level came up the day the fight was announced . He 's never worked so hard . ' Pacquiao had set fight week rolling by playing host to hundreds of his supporters at a meet , greet and sing-along fan fest . He took over a huge convention centre at the Mandalay Bay hotel , where he is staying in a penthouse suite with a view across the fabled Strip to the MGM Grand where he and Mayweather will finally settle their pound-for-pound differences in Saturday night 's Fight of the Century . Pacquiao takes a selfie as he tells the crowd he is excited ahead of his fight against Floyd Mayweather . Pacquiao is the underdog going into the richest fight of all time against Mayweather on Saturday . Pacquiao showed no signs of nerves as he made a public appearance before his fight against Mayweather . Filipino dancers kept the crowd entertained before Pacquiao entered the building . Fans had waited patiently for a glimpse of the Filipino superstar on Tuesday afternoon . Then came the Philippines national anthem , to a backdrop of pictures of the mud-hut village In which he was born and grew up . And , of course , much high-pitched squealing and screaming when the great man himself took to the stage , albeit that he took a small leaf out of Mayweather 's book by making his entrance 45 minutes late . ` Manny 's in the building , ' the announcers kept shouting as we waited for what they seemed to regard as The Second Coming . This was the scene-stealer by Pacquiao and his promoter Bob Arum after declining to take part in the traditional Grand Arrival of the fighters at the MGM Grand , in which Mayweather would be starring later in the day . The rift had been ignited by the dispute over the allocation of tickets for Saturday night between the two camps , which had delayed their sale and momentarily jeopardised the fight . Both men insist that the bad blood will not spill over into the fight , which they will approach with professional intensity . Pacquiao looked relaxed as he spoke briefly to the assembled crowd in Las Vegas . Pacquiao 's promoter Bob Arum introduces his charge before the boxer poses for the fans . Fans hold up a ` Pacquiao For President ' message on a Philippines national flag during a fan rally . Filipino dancers perform on stage before Pacquiao made his entrance at the rally . An incredible array of merchandise has been produced for the fight this weekend . There was folk music and dancing , there were Philippine tunes belted out by artists from Pacquiao 's homeland . There was screening of the PacMan singing the specially written song he has recorded as the music for his ring entrance . Pacquiao said : ` It 's not personal for us . It 's personal for the fans . ' Giant screens in the convention centre showed highlights of some of Pacquiao 's more spectacular victories , to much enthusiasm from the faithful . There is a substantial Filipino community in this region of America - 7,000 in southern Nevada alone - and Pacquiao may well have the greater support in the Grand Garden Arena . The travelling British fight fraternity - the advance guard arrived in time to join the Fan Fest and the Grand Arrival -- are split between Money and Manny . Arum effected the introduction of ` the man you love and who will be victorious on Saturday night . ' Pacquiao shook a hundred hands before he said : ` Do n't get nervous on Saturday . I 'm the one who 's going to win the fight . So relax . It is time for Mayweather to lose . ` Just be excited . I 'm excited . Thank you for your overwhelming support and prayers . I love you guys . God bless . ' The noise was deafening . And there are still four days to go .