Jailed : Jordan Sim-Mutch posted pictures of stolen money and drugs on Facebook after targeting businesses across Greater Manchester . A 24-year-old man who carried out a series of raids on petrol stations and convenience stores has been jailed after boasting about his crimes on Facebook . Jordan Sim-Mutch posted pictures of stolen money and drugs on the social networking site after targeting businesses across Greater Manchester . The career criminal , who claimed he worked in ` midnight removals ' in his online profile , was part of an armed gang responsible for 29 robberies and burglaries . Sim-Mutch , from Stockport , Greater Manchester , was jailed yesterday after admitting to a string of offences at Minsull Street Crown Court . On Wednesday night , hours before he was sentenced , Sim-Mutch uploaded a picture taken inside the courtroom that shows he and his fellow gang members in the dock . The photograph of the smirking men - which is now being used as the criminal 's ` cover picture ' on Facebook - was illegally taken by a friend in the public gallery . A number of supportive comments have since been left on the image , with one saying ` love you Jord ' and another posting ` lads on tour ' . The court was told the gang carried out a series of armed raids on petrol stations , convenience stores and a pub to pay for cannabis . The men used a number of stolen cars fitted with false licence plates , including a BMW and an Audi A5 , to use as getaway vehicles , it was heard . They targeted businesses in groups of four , armed with a variety of weapons including bricks , baseball bats , a meat cleaver , axes , and , on one occasion , an imitation firearm . Three men would enter the premises and hold up staff as the fourth remained in the car . Prosecutor Adam Smith told the court that on one occasion , the men stole nearly £ 4,000 worth of cigarettes and £ 1,000 in cash from a BP garage in Bredbury . In another robbery , three of the group walked into a pub and threatened customers with a meat cleaver . Mr Smith said : ` A customer was threatened and told to `` get in the back '' towards the rear cash office where there was a safe . ` One was threatened with the cleaver and two took the member of staff to the office where they were forced to open the safe before they took £ 2,000 . ' The gang were involved in 29 robberies and burglaries across areas of Stockport and Greater Manchester . The men were first caught in November 2013 , but were granted bail by the courts . When they re-started the operation in February last year , the gang had to carry out their crimes during the day because they were subject to curfews and electronic tagging orders . The gang were caught after police , suspecting they were behind a spree of recent robberies , started to monitor them . Sim-Mutch pleaded guilty to conspiracy to rob , conspiracy to commit burglary , conspiracy to steal and conspiracy to possess an imitation firearm . The career criminal , who claimed he worked in ` midnight removals ' in his online profile , was part of an armed gang responsible for 29 robberies and burglaries . Above , a photograph posted by Sim-Mutch . The court was told the gang carried out a series of armed raids on petrol stations , convenience stores and a pub to pay for cannabis . Above , a Facebook photograph that appears to show a stash of the drug . Prosecutor Adam Smith told the court that on one occasion , the men stole nearly £ 4,000 worth of cigarettes and £ 1,000 in cash from a BP garage in Bredbury . Above , Jordan Sim-Mutch in photos posted online . Mitigating , his barrister Simon Morton said he was not a member who ordered victims to the floor because he suffers with a stammer . Explaining why he got involved in the enterprise , Sim-Mitch told him : ` Well I 'm just a big daft lad , are n't I ? ' Mr Morton said : ` He goes on to say there is no excuse for what he did . This is a big mistake , a long time in jail for a poxy bit of money . ' Sentencing Judge Timothy Mort said : ` These are premises in the local community - local to you - where people are providing a valuable service for you and your neighbours and friends and family . They targeted businesses in groups of four , armed with a variety of weapons including bricks , baseball bats , a meat cleaver , axes , and , on one occasion , an imitation firearm . Above , a photograph posted by Sim-Mutch . Sim-Mutch , pictured , pleaded guilty to conspiracy to rob , conspiracy to commit burglary , conspiracy to steal and conspiracy to possess an imitation firearm . He was jailed for nine and a half years yesterday . ` Normal people who go to the pub and go to the shop . They are providing a valuable service in your community and it is your community you have been targeting . ` When one analyses conspiracies it is straight forward enough . Worryingly simple offences are being committed . ` If it was a vulnerable convenience store , three would go in , get cigarettes , the till , wave something at staff and run for it . Easy money . ` Mr Sim-Mutch , he would get a call saying `` do you want to take part ? '' There were more than enough happy to do it if you did n't want to take part . ' Getaway driver Paul Edwards , 34 , who had offences or robbery stretching back to 2001 , was jailed for nine-and-a-half years . Tyler Quinn , 22 , was jailed for eight-and-a-half years . Aaron Bell , 18 , was jailed for seven years . Ben Fredricks , 23 , was jailed for nine-and-a-half years . Paul Huskie , 23 , who stored the ` robbers ' kit ' in his flat , was jailed for three years . The gang , all from Stockport , admitted conspiracy to rob .