These shocking photographs show the bed where a severely disabled boy was left to sleep for seven nights in hospital . They show two mattresses squeezed together on the cramped hospital floor , with wires from an oxygen tank and tubes dangling across the room . Cody Neatis , from Preston , was admitted to Royal Preston Hospital last Thursday with a chest infection . But rather than a bed in the children 's ward , has had to sleep on a mattress on the floor since arriving . The eight-year-old - who has Down 's syndrome , epilepsy , autism and is fed by a tube - has been without a hospital bed because staff do not have the special cot he needs to keep him safe in his sleep . Cody Neatis , eight , has been in hospital for a week with a chest infection but has had to sleep on a mattress on the floor as the hospital does n't have a suitable bed for him to sleep in . Cody has Down 's syndrome , epilepsy , autism and is fed by a tube . The hospital does not have the specialist high-sided cot he must sleep in , to prevent him from injuring himself in the night . Cody 's mother , Lynne Neatis , 48 , has had to sleep with Cody - who has a developmental age of 12 months - on the mattress . She watches him sleep in case he pulls out his oxygen or hurts himself in the night . His mother , Lynne , 48 , has slept on the floor alongside him for the past week . She fears her son - who has a developmental age of around 12 months - will injure himself or pull out his oxygen . She is now demanding answers from the local health trust as she claims she has waited two years for the high-sided bed needed for Cody and other disabled children . The mother-of-six said : ` Cody was admitted to hospital last Thursday and we were told there was no special needs bed for him . ` This situation has been ongoing for years with this hospital and I do n't understand why they still do n't have a suitable bed . ` We had to stay in for nine days in August 2013 , I complained about it then and was told that the ward was getting a special needs bed . ` So I fully expected them to have it this time , but there is still nothing . ' She added : ` They have baby cots and single beds with side rails , but they are n't safe as Cody rolls around so much in his sleep and is restless all night long . ` I have to sleep on the floor with him and I have had to fight for a nurse or health care assistant to be with us during the night to watch him too as I ca n't stay awake for 24 hours . ` It has been a very stressful and exhausting time . ' Cody 's father Stephen Neatis , 45 , said he ` can not believe ' his family are forced to sleep on the floor during their stay in hospital . Cody 's mother says she has been battling the hospital for a special bed ever since Cody was forced to stay there two years ago in 2013 . While Mrs Neatis is furious at the lack of provisions for disabled children , the hospital trust insists it has ordered a suitable bed from America and is waiting for it to arrive . Karen Partington , chief executive at Lancashire Teaching Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust , which runs the hospital , said other sleeping arrangements had been offered , but the family had agreed a mattress on the floor would be the safest option at this point . She added : ` We offered Mum the options of a traditional bed plus 1:1 nursing staff and we also brought in a special bed again with 1:1 nursing . ` We believe we have appropriate beds available to meet the needs of Cody along with appropriate nursing support . ` However based on the options available her preference was for Cody to have a mattress on the floor . ' Mrs Neatis and husband Stephen , 45 , are full time carers not only to Cody , but his brother Dexter , seven , who is also disabled and has autism and ADHD . Cody has to be tube fed and can not be left unattended . At home he sleeps in a specialist bed which cost more the family more than £ 3,000 . Mr Neatis said he can not believe his family are forced to sleep on the floor during a stay in hospital . Cody , pictured here with his father , has to be tube fed and ca n't be left unattended . At home he sleeps in a specialist bed which cost more the family more than £ 3,000 . Mrs Neatis says she has had to ask for staff to come and help her watch Cody sleep , as she ca n't stay awake 24 hours a day . He said : ` I just ca n't believe that there is nothing to cater for him , or that they would n't try to at least get something for him during the stay . ` I got a call from Lynne and she is having to stay with him on the floor . ` We have one of the special needs beds at home and I saw the two guys assemble it , it took half an hour so it would n't be a big job to move one . There must be one somewhere . ' Mrs Neatis threatened to take Cody home after finding out the sleeping arrangements but his oxygen levels fall dangerously low when he is taken off the ventilator so he can not be discharged . She said she was told the hospital did get a special bed and used it on a trial basis , but it proved unsatisfactory . She said : ` When they came up with the idea of sleeping on a mattress on the floor I told them I would take him home as we had a bed there but his oxygen levels were too low . ` I told staff he needs someone to watch him all night long but they made me feel like I was being awkward and said they had no staff to do that . ` I took the photo of Cody and the floor and sent it to my friend who tweeted it and that night we had a nurse , and for the next two nights we had a health care assistant , they were great . Mrs Neatis said when she first heard about the sleeping arrangements at the hospital , she said she would take Cody home . But his oxygen levels were so low that he could n't be discharged . Lancashire Teaching Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust , who run Royal Preston Hospital , say they have ordered a special bed from America and are waiting for it to arrive . The chief executive came to see me and she was really nice . ` But on the fourth night they said there was a staff shortage again so I threatened to take him home - I took his oxygen out but they insisted we stay , and someone did come to watch him . ` Other hospitals have these beds and special needs children are admitted to hospital more often than other children so I do n't understand why it 's so difficult here . The bed would n't be left unused , she claims . She said : ` I know of other parents who have had the same problem and have brought their own special needs beds with them from home . ' A spokesperson for the trust told MailOnline that a specialist bed from America was due to arrive in February , but the delivery was delayed . Chief executive Ms Partington added : ` Our priority is to always provide excellent care with compassion for our patients and we have had several discussions with Cody 's family regarding his care . ` We are awaiting delivery of a specialist bed from America and we have discussed a number of alternatives with Cody 's family , which have been declined . ' ` Clearly when making these decisions regarding the care of children we believe it is important to do so in collaboration with parents . We continue to work with her to find a solution that meets Cody 's needs and his mum 's preferences . '