Oxford women made history on Saturday with a 12th boat race victory in 16 years on a landmark day for the sport . For the first time in 88 years the women 's race was staged on the famous Tideway course that for so long had been the sole preserve of the men . Hot favourites Oxford romped to victory by six and a half lengths against Cambridge , as the women struck a telling blow for sporting equality in racing the same championship course on the same day as the men . Ansastaia Chitty lifts the trophy aloft after Oxford won the boat race , easing past Cambridge on the Thames . On the day the Oxford sides shared the race route for the first time , they also shared the exact same winning margin , with the men going on to triumph in their race shortly afterwards . Oxford women 's president Anastasia Chitty hailed the victory as a special moment for her crew , but also for rowing and sporting equality overall . ` It 's an amazing moment , ' Chitty told BBC Sport . ` To pull something off like that is amazing . ` To row on the same stage as the men , there were so many women before us who have never had this opportunity and it 's extremely humbling . We started moving away early on and kept ourselves ahead . ' The Oxford crew celebrate their win over Cambridge after dominating the race from start to finish . As the most decorated Olympic athlete ever to race in either boat race , Oxford stroke Caryn Davies underlined the quality on display in the women 's contest . The 32-year-old US Olympics team star boasts silver at Athens and gold medals at Beijing and London in the women 's eight -- and now a boat race victory to boot . ` I think that 's harder , I 've got to be honest , ' Davies told BBC Sport when asked how the boat race compared to Olympic competition . The Oxford women 's crew power to their win in the first women 's boat race on the river Thames . ` There was almost three times as long to suffer . But there 's always less suffering when you win ! I 'm just proud and honoured to have such attention . It shows how excited people are and I 'm so glad we can be role models to young women everywhere . ' Oxford women finished in 19 minutes 45 seconds -- 19 seconds ahead of Cambridge . Davies added : ` I could just hear so many people cheering along the banks and it did n't matter it they were cheering for Oxford or Cambridge . Just that they turned out was really great for us . ' After Oxford 's women breezed to victory , their male counterparts made it a Dark Blue double with victory in the 161st men 's race by an identical six and a half lengths . President Constantine Louloudis claimed a fourth and final boat race victory , completing a clean sweep only interrupted by claiming bronze with Team GB 's men 's eight at London 2012 . The dark blues made a fast start and dominated the race against their Cambridge counterparts . Louloudis hailed the victory -- Oxford 's 11th in the last 15 years -- and admitted he felt far more pressure than before , despite his three previous wins . ` I felt much more pressure this year , especially as I was leaving the guys , ' Louloudis told BBC Sport . ` There were some pretty dark moments going in but I 'm so pleased for the guys . We just stuck to our plan and executed a great race . ` This was a fantastic performance . It is a relief to win as we were firm favourites . ` Rio remains the long-term goal but this race was so important for me and all of us . ' They were true to form , surging ahead from the start . Despite being quickly pegged back , they powered ahead during the middle section to dominate the race , finishing in 17 minutes 34 seconds -- winning by 19 seconds as Oxford 's women had before them . Crew member Michael DiSanto added : ` We knew what we needed to do and we wanted to go down as one of the best Oxford crews ever . ' Louloudis lauded the achievements of the women 's boat on such a landmark occasion . ` This was an historic day and there is no reason not to be optimistic for the sport going forward , ' he said . The Cambridge crew kept going to the end but they were outclassed , eventually losing by over six lengths .