Bruce Jenner could be sued by the stepchildren of the woman who died in the Pacific Coast Highway car crash earlier this year - despite the fact they had ` virtually no relationship ' . Kim Howe 's two adult stepchildren are said to be considering suing the former Olympic athlete turned reality television star following her death . Mrs Howe was driving a white Lexus , which Jenner 's Cadillac Escalade rear-ended on a segment of the Pacific Coast Highway in Malibu , California , on February 7 . Scroll down for video . Wrongful death ? : Celebrity website TMZ claims the stepchildren of Kim Howe -LRB- right -RRB- have hired lawyers to look into the possibility of a wrongful death suit against Bruce Jenner -LRB- left -RRB- . Crash : Mrs Howe , 69 , died after being involved in a four-way smash with realtiy TV star Bruce Jenner . Crash : Mr Jenner is said to have ` rear-ended ' her white Lexus , which was pushed into oncoming traffic . The car was pushed into oncoming traffic , and collided with a black Hummer , leaving the vehicle a crumpled wreck . According to TMZ , the two step-children are said to have ` lawyered up ' , because they are the only people who could launch a wrongful death suit . Mrs Howe 's husband Robert died in 2003 , and it is understood she has no other close living blood relatives . Attorneys have previously warned ` the sky 's the limit ' if it came to a court case , with juries able to award huge amounts . However , sources close to the investigation have said Mr Jenner - who was not hurt in the incident - is only insured up to $ 250,000 , meaning he may have to pay out from his personal finances . It is believed he shares an $ 125million fortune with his ex-wife , Kris Jenner . No charges ? : Sources close to the investigation believe Mr Jenner wo n't be prosecuted for manslaughter . Court case : However , Mrs Howe 's stepchildren could still sue for wrongful death . Proof : Sources told TMZ that one of the step-children had been asked to find pictures of the pair together . Police sources say he is unlikely to be prosecuted by the Sheriff because he was n't drinking , speeding or texting at the time of the fatal crash . However , that still leaves the possibility of a wrongful death suit . Close friends of Mrs Howe have told the celebrity website she had ` virtually no relationship ' with either of her late husband 's children , neither of whom live in California . Sources went on to tell TMZ that one of the step-children had been asked to find pictures of the pair together , to prove their relationship - and therefore the amount its loss has cost them . Former couple : Bruce , shown in May 2011 with Kris Jenner , with whom he shares a $ 125million fortune . New York-born Mrs Howe , who was childless , was ` very socially active ' , according to one member of the exclusive community in Calabsas , where she lives alongside the likes of Jenner 's Kardashian stepdaughters . Jim Pascucci , a realtor who lived in the neighborhood , and also sold the Howes their $ 2.5 million house , told the New York Daily News she was ` sweet ' and ` charitable ' . According to the newspaper , she had put aside an amount of money to go towards animal charities - an sum which could be in the millions .