Awkward photos of the New Zealand Prime Minister pulling multiple young girls ' ponytails are being posted on social media just days after he was forced to apologise to a waitress for touching her hair while she was at work . Prime Minister John Key said sorry to waitress Amanda Bailey , 26 , after she wrote a post on a blog site shaming him for his behaviour and saying it made her ` uncomfortable ' . After the incident , Reddit users started tracking down old pictures and videos of Mr Key touching other young girls ' hair and collecting them on a Tumblr page . Scroll down for video . Awkward photos of the New Zealand PM pulling \ young girls ' ponytails are being posted on social media . This comes after he was forced to apologise to am Auckland waitress for touching her hair at work . The waitress at the centre of the ponytail storm told the New Zealand Herald that she published the details of John Key 's behaviour , which she experienced while she was working at a cafe in Auckland , as she ` expected more from him ' and wanted ` the public to be aware ' . The 26-year-old , an employee at Rosie cafe which is frequented by Mr Key and his wife , recounted on The Daily Blog how the Prime Minister kept playfully pulling her hair despite being told to stop during election time last year . Ms Bailey told the Herald that she felt Mr Key 's behaviour was inappropriate . ` I did n't feel I should have to put up with that , ' she said . ` I expected more from him and I want the public to be aware . ` John Key feels he is untouchable . ' Mr Key said sorry to waitress Amanda Bailey -LRB- right -RRB- , 26 , after she wrote a post on a blog site shaming him for his behaviour and saying it made her ` uncomfortable ' Mr Key defended his pranks as ` a bit of banter ' and said he had already apologised for his actions . Eventually , she wrote , she told Key 's security detail she did n't like it and later told Key ` No ' repeatedly and wagged her finger at him . When he pulled her hair again on a subsequent visit , she said , she told him to stop ` or I will actually hit you soon . ' ` I really did n't like it , ' the worker wrote . ` I felt powerless and tormented and I stepped out the back and I cried frustrated tears . ' The worker said Key came back soon after the last incident with two bottles of wine from his own vineyard and gave them to her , saying ` This is for you , sorry , I did n't realise . ' Key 's office issued a statement Wednesday saying he regularly visits the cafe near his home with his wife and has a good relationship with the staff there . ` His actions were intended to be light-hearted , ' the statement said . ` It was never his intention to make her feel uncomfortable and he has apologised to her . ' A waitress has revealed how the New Zealand Prime Minister had repeatedly given her unwanted attention while she was working at a cafe in Auckland frequented by him and his wife -LRB- pictured together -RRB- . But following the publication of the blog on Wednesday , Mr Key defended his pranks and said he visited the cafe close to his house often and he had a ` fun relationship ' with the staff . ` There 's always lots of horsing around and sort of practical jokes and that 's all there really was to it , ' he said . ' ... I realised she had actually taken offence because it was all in the context of a bit of banter that was going on and so I obviously immediately apologised for that . ` It was all in the context of a bit of banter that was going on , and so obviously I immediately apologised for that . The waitress had reportedly been working at a cafe called Rosie -LRB- pictured -RRB- in Parnell , east of Auckland . The waitress wrote how Mr Key kept being persistent with his hair-pulling antics , despite being told by his wife Bronagh to stop . ` She thanked me for that and said `` that 's all fine , no drama '' . ' Key 's office also issued a statement Wednesday saying he regularly visits the cafe near his home with his wife and has a good relationship with the staff there . ` His actions were intended to be light-hearted , ' the statement said . ` It was never his intention to make her feel uncomfortable and he has apologised to her . ' Jackie Grant and Scott Brown , whose company Hip Group owns Rosie cafe , told the Herald of their disappointment with Ms Bailey as she had never notified them of her concerns . They further stated that Mr Key is popular among the staff at the cafe in Parnell , east of Auckland .