Millions of devout Christians around the world have been commemorating the final days of Jesus Christ by taking part in awe-inspiring and shocking Holy Week celebrations . The festival , which marks the trial , crucifixion and resurrection of Jesus culminating in Easter Sunday , has been met with mesmerising religious parades across five continents . In a diverse display of traditions , thousands of penitents have marched through streets in hooded cloaks while others have performed alarming religious self-flagellation in demonstrations of commitment to their faith . In northern Philippines , bare-footed men with bloodied backs lie on roads being beaten with sticks and whips in a divisive tradition thought to stem from 13th century Roman Catholics . Impressive effigies to Jesus Christ were erected in the Philippines , Belarus and in Venezuela - where crowds of penitents , some wearing crowns of thorns , gathered for mass at the Santa Teresa 's Basilica in the capital city Caracas . In Spain , the week of celebration has seen thousands of haunting , hooded figures take part in entrancing marches through the streets of Seville in Andalucia and Zamora , in the north-west of the country . In Zamora , in the region of Castile and Leon , penitents from 16 Christian brotherhoods were pictured during an enthralling nighttime procession through the town 's streets . Fraternities , wearing robes and conical hoods to maintain anonymity , were also seen beating drums in a spellbinding ceremony in Santander . Alarming display : A man uses a stick to whip a penitent in front of a chapel during a ritual in Angeles city , northern Philippines today . Reenactment : Acting the part of Jesus in the final march of his life , a man carries a cross through Manila in the Philippines today . Penance : Among a crowd attending a mass at the Santa Teresa 's Basilica in Caracas , Venezuela yesterday , a devotee dons a crown of thorns . Dramatic : A procession of haunting figures wearing cloaks and conical hats beat drums while marching through Santander in Spain this week . Beaten bloody : A flagellant prays by the San Fernando Cathedral in the town of San Fernando , Pampanga in the Philippines yesterday . Religious self-harm : A flagellant covered in blood kneels in front of the San Fernando Cathedral in the Philippines yesterday . Red flares burn while penitents of the Cristo de Viga brotherhood carrying a float with a cross in Jerez de la Frontera , Spain this week . Penitents from ` Las Siete Palabras -LRB- Seven words -RRB- ' brotherhood wait for their turn to leave a church in Zamora , Spain yesterday . Shocking display : Filipino flagellants whip their back along a street in Mabalacat city , Pampanga Province , in the Philippines today . Tradition : Flagellation is a form of religious discipline observed every lenten season by Catholic devotees in the Philippines . Divisive : The Catholic Church has previously expressed disapproval of the gory ritual which takes place in the Philippines every year . Contemplation : A group of penitents gather in front of a portrait of Jesus Christ prior to flagellating themselves in Manila today . Painful : A man with a hooded face swings a rope attached to chains while flagellating himself in a show of religious commitment in Manila . Central America : Children carry a platform holding a small statue of Jesus during a Holy Week procession in Antigua , Guatemala yesterday . Performance : Students perform the Stations of the Cross procession as part of the Holy Week celebrations in Luque , Paraguay yesterday . Global event : An actor wearing a crown of thorns portrays Jesus during a performance in Luque , Paraguay yesterday . Leading commemorations : Pope Francis blesses the Holy Chrism during the Chrism Mass at St. Peter 's Basilica at The Vatican today . The Argentine pontiff was pictured during the traditional Chrism Mass in St. Peter 's Basilica in the Vatican this morning . Dedication : Filipino nuns carry wooden crosses as they make the Stations of the Cross at the Philippine Center of Saint Pio of Pietrelcina . Mesmerising : Hundreds of hooded penitents march during the Holy Week procession in Santander , Spain , pictured on Tuesday . Holy Week : The ceremonial displays in Santander have also been seen across Spain with notable marches in Sevilla and Zamora . Penitents take part in a ceremonial Holy Week display inside a chapel in Arcos de la Frontera , Spain on Tuesday . Gathering : Catholic faithful attend a mass held at St. Teresa church during Holy Week celebrations in Caracas , Venezuela yesterday . Tribute : An effigy of Jesus on the cross is held up during the Cristo de la Fe parade during a Holy Week procession in Alicante , Spain . Members of the Catholic clergy at the Washing of the Feet ceremony at the Church of the Holy Sepulchre in Jerusalem today . Passion of Christ : Belarussian Catholics re-enact some of the final moments of Jesus Christ near a Catholic church in Minsk yesterday . Actors yell during a ` Via Crucis ' in a free interpretation performance of the catholic tradition at the Carlos Antonio Lopez park in Paraguay . A number of male and female actors were pictured during the spectacular display in Carlos Antonio Lopez park in Asuncion , Paraguay . Penitents of the Via Crucis Brotherhood carry a sculpture of Jesus Christ during the Holy Monday procession in Cordoba , Andalucia . Focused : Filipino flagellants carry a wooden cross on their back along a street in Pampanga Province , north of Manila today . A penitent dressed as a Roman soldier takes part in celebrations in Arcos de la Frontera , Spain on Tuesday . Penitents take part in the ` Procesion del Silencio ' in Zamora , Spain yesterday were thousands gathered to witness a nighttime procession . Penitents from ` Cristo de la Buena Muerte ' or ` Good Dead Christ ' brotherhood take part in a procession in Zamora on Tuesday night . A baby sucks a dummy while dressed in a ceremonial Holy Week cloak in in Zamora , Spain earlier this week . Members of a religious fraternity don cloaks and conical hats while marching through Zamora in northwest Spain on Tuesday night . Latin Patriarch of Jerusalem Fouad Twal washes the foot of a priest during the Catholic Washing of the Feet ceremony . A figure of Jesus is carried through the streets of Zamora in northwest Spain by penitents from Cristo de la Buena Muerte brotherhood . While the marches may appear sinister , they are a stunning celebration of emotion as brothers make their way to cathedrals in Zamora . Each confradia -LRB- or religious brotherhood -RRB- is represented by different coloured robes and masks , designed to protect anonymity . Visitors and locals watch from balconies as the procession weaves its way through the cobblestone streets in Zamora .