A yob who stole a mobile phone from a man who lay dying in the street shouted and swore outside a court appearance . Scott Stephenson is due to be jailed for stealing a phone from a man he found collapsed in the street in South Shields , Tyne and Wear . He unleashed an extraordinary expletive-filled rant outside court this week after he was re-bailed for sentence following his failure to turn up to a previous hearing . Scott Stephenson shouted and swore outside court after he was bailed ahead of his sentencing for a theft in which he stole a phone from a man dying of hypothermia . Stephenson was due to be sentenced for the offence , but failed to turn up to a previous court hearing . Scott Stephenson had been due to be jailed for the incident after admitting theft , but he skipped bail until he was arrested and sent back to court . The 19-year-old , from South Shields , rifled through his 22-year-old unnamed victim 's pockets and made off with the iPhone 4 . His victim had tripped and fallen unconscious on the cold December day . Stephenson and friend Dale Walker , 25 , found him but - instead of calling for help - took his phone and abandoned the man . The next morning the victim 's body was discovered close to a playground , and a post mortem examination revealed he had died from hypothermia during the cold December night . Stephenson found the man lying on the floor on a cold December evening but instead of calling for help he and friend stole the man 's iPhone . Members of the public looked on in horror during the extraordinary outburst near Newcastle Crown Court . Stephenson made rude gestures outside South Tyneside Magistrates when he appeared last month to plead guilty to theft and Walker admitted handling stolen goods . Appearing before Newcastle Crown Court on Tuesday , Stephenson made similar gestures as he stood on the street where members of the public were eating lunch . He was seized on Monday after a warrant was issued for his arrest when his failure to appear left his co-defendant sitting in the dock alone and his victim 's family in anguish . He was re-bailed for the sentence - which will be arranged for a later date after a pre-sentence report has been prepared .