A photographer has captured dozens of Elvis impersonators as they gathered at some of Europe 's biggest tributes to The King . Graeme Oxby documented the dedicated fans at events including Europe 's Tribute to Elvis in Blackpool , The Elvis Weekender in Bridlington , East Riding of Yorskshire , and The European Elvis Championships in Birmingham . The 50-year-old , from East Yorkshire , even visited their homes to capture images for his photo series , called ` The Kings of England ' . He said : ` Elvis was a unique phenomenon , the prototype superstar and his influence has spread far and wide . ` Britain is the European centre for Elvis tribute activity and hosts of the biggest and best contests in the world . The fans I met were in mainly quite old although , there 's a new generation of people discovering the music of the King . ` I hope to show the colour , the razzmatazz and the fun of the Elvis Tribute world . Elvis was a one off but all around Europe , and to varying degrees of success , men women and even children are paying tribute to a remarkable performer and cultural phenomenon , having a good time in the process . ' A selection of his work is on a UK gallery tour until 2017 , ans is currently on show at The Cooper in Barnsley , South Yorkshire . Mr Oxby has also set up aKickstarter page to help fund ` The Kings of England ' book - a tribute to the fans and impersonators he has met . Graeme Oxby documented the dedicated impersonators at events across Britain as part of his series called ` The Kings of England ' Three men , all with Elvis ' trademark sideburns and hairstyle , sip drinks as they attend the Elvis Weekender in Bridlington in 2013 . Elvis impersonator Gary Graceland in Birmingham 2014 -LRB- left -RRB- and Polk Salad Annie at Bridlington Elvis Competition 2013 -LRB- right -RRB- . Mr Oxby said most of the impersonators were older , but some children were also involved . Above , Elvis Boy in Birmingham , 2014 . These two fans were photographed at the Elvis Weekender in Bridlington , 2013 -LRB- left -RRB- and French Elvis , Elvis Gourdon performs in 2014 . Impersonator Rob Willis , dressed in a dazzling gold , spangly suit , reclines on a lavish armchair at an event in Birmingham 2014 . An Elvis fan at Europe 's tribute to Elvis in Blackpool , 2014 , left , and impersonator Fisher Stevens performs in Birmingham 2014 , right -RRB- . A four-year-old Elvis impersonator performs in Bridlington , 2014 , where fans gathered to share in their love of The King . Impersonator Dean Mack at Europe 's Tribute To Elvis in Blackpool , 2014 , left , and s Bobby Diamond , the self-described Black Elvis from Hull . Elvis impersonators wait backstage as they prepare for their performances at the Elvis Weekender in Bridlington , 2013 . Dressed in a vibrant paisley-print shirt , Elias Boswell , known as Little Elvis , relaxes on a chair in this photograph taken in 2014 . Ben Thompson is pictured backstage at the Elvis Weekender in Bridlington 2013 -LRB- left -RRB- and Italian Elvis Emanuel Febbo in 2014 . The photo shows John James Hindle , known as Elvis On Wheels , dressed in a signature Elvis jumpsuit , in Accrington , 2014 . German Elvis , Guido Elvoice Regenhard in 2014 -LRB- left -RRB- and Steve Halliday sings at the Elvis Weekender in Bridlington , 2013 , right .