Jailed for life : Naunihal Singh woke up his daughter-in-law 's father and slashed him with a kitchen knife . A Sikh optician who slit the throat of his daughter-in-law 's father who was in bed after a drunken family row has been jailed for life . Naunihal Singh , 54 , woke up great-grandfather Ujjal Singh , 63 , and slashed him with a kitchen knife at his son and daughter-in-law 's home . The attack in Crumpsall , Manchester , came after a heated argument over the couple 's lack of children - with Ujjal accusing Naunihal 's son Yawinder-Pal ` Monty ' , 37 , of ` firing blanks ' . Today , Naunihal was jailed at Manchester Crown Court for at least 17 years and 39 days after admitting murder . The court was told that at the time of the killing last November , Naunihal and his wife Jaswant , who live in India , were paying a visit to Monty , and their daughter-in-law Balvinder , 42 . Also there were Balvinder 's parents Jaginder and Ujjal from Ipswich , Suffolk - and the latter became angry at Monty for the couple 's failure to have children - accusing him of ` firing blanks ' . After an afternoon in the pub and an evening meal , Ujjal went to bed - but tensions escalated and Monty smashed a photo frame with his hand , which saw relatives take him to hospital . As Ujjal lay in bed , Naunihal sat at the kitchen table drinking vodka before taking a kitchen knife from a drawer . He then went into the bedroom , grabbed Ujjal 's jaw and slit his throat . When the family returned from the hospital and found Ujjal 's blood-soaked body , an ambulance was called where one paramedic noticed Monty move the knife and told police . Monty was soon arrested on suspicion of murder . Great-grandfather : Murder victim Ujjal Singh -LRB- front right -RRB- with his daughters -LRB- back row , from left -RRB- Tipta Kaur-Singh , Shakuntla Kaur-Singh , Piaro Kaur-Singh , Sindy Kaur-Singh , and -LRB- front left -RRB- his son Amolak Singh . Naunihal had already fled with his passport and tickets to fly back to India from Birmingham Airport - and got all the way to the terminal where he asked about changing his flights . It is believed he was then told of Monty 's arrest and later handed himself in . Two days after the killing , he walked into a Manchester police station , where he said : ` My son is innocent , I 'm guilty . ' While demonstrating a ` slashing ' motion , he added : ` I 'm guilty , I got the knife and I cut him like this ... you let my son go . I love my son . ' Mark Kellet , prosecuting , said : ` During the evening , Monty and Balvinder cooked dinner for the family . Monty , the defendant and Ujjal continued to drink . ` -LRB- That -RRB- evening , the atmosphere became more argumentative . They argued about money and the fact that Monty and Balvinder did not have any children , with Ujjal blaming Monty for this . ` As the argument developed , the exchanges became heated . Jaswant and Jaginder tried to calm Ujjal down and he was taken to bed . Jaginder went upstairs and put him into his pyjamas . Scene : The attack in Crumpsall , Manchester , came after a heated argument over the couple 's lack of children . ` Monty then smashed a photograph frame and his hand was bleeding . Balvinder , Jaswant and Jaginder took Monty to hospital for treatment on his hand , which was bleeding . ` As Monty and the others left , the defendant said : `` There is going to be a price to pay for the loss of your blood '' . The group arrived at the hospital at about 11.10 pm and returned home just after 1.10 am . When they returned , Jaginder went into the bedroom to check on her husband to find blood around his neck and a knife on his chest . Ujjal was pronounced dead in hospital one hour and 20 minutes later . While at the house , paramedic Adam Wain saw Monty move the knife from the bedroom and informed the police , who subsequently arrested him . Naunihal handed himself in to police the following day where he told an officer that the police ` had the wrong man ' . ` Awful incident ' : Senior Investigating Officer Bob Tonge -LRB- centre -RRB- of Greater Manchester Police speaks outside Manchester Crown Court today with Ujjal 's family . He said the case is ` tragic from start to finish ' In interview , he said he took the knife into the upstairs bedroom where Ujjal was sleeping ` to scare him ' because he had been abusive about his son . He later told officers Ujjal was on his back on the bed , staring at him . He told police : ` I do n't know what I did . And now when I hear all these things , then I realise that maybe I have killed him . ` He was scaring me with his eyes and he was swearing at me so ... and he was coming at me and I just did like that and it just happened very quickly ... and I was scared and he was bleeding . ' Mr Kellet said : ` He stated that he was angry with Ujjal so took a knife from the kitchen to scare him . When he was in the bedroom , he was scared by Ujjal 's eyes . ` Ujjal sat up in bed and somehow came into contact with the knife . He said that he panicked because of the blood and left the house . His passport and tickets to fly from Birmingham Airport were coincidentally in his coat pocket . ' Return journey : Naunihal had already fled with his passport and tickets to fly back to India from Birmingham Airport -LRB- above -RRB- - and got all the way to the terminal where he asked about changing his flights . After the case Senior Investigating Officer Bob Tonge of Greater Manchester Police said : ` This case is tragic from start to end and what should have been a normal family gathering ended in absolute tragedy . ` Two families have been destroyed by this awful incident , which basically stemmed from a family argument and was fuelled by alcohol . ` While alone with the victim , and feeling slighted and offended by comments directed at his son , Naunihal Singh callously went into Ujjal Singh 's room and without a second thought , stabbed him as he slept . ` He then fled , leaving his son , daughter-in-law and her family to discover his heinous crime . ` The one saving grace is that he has not subjected them to further torment by making them endure a trial and has faced up to his crime and subsequent , inevitable punishment . ' In a statement Ujjal 's family said : ` A true testament to his character was his ability to interact with his elders , his peers and also the younger generation that he was surrounded by . ` He will be fondly remembered by all his family , he will never be replaced and never be forgotten . ' Ujjal was also described by relatives as a ` well-respected member of the Sikh community ' , while the court was told that the death had ` rocked the Sikh community in the area ' .