By . Annabel Fenwick Elliott for MailOnline . A brother and sister who had n't seen each other for 16 years have been reunited after they were matched unwittingly on Tinder . Erik de Vries , 24 , and Josephine Egberts , 22 , were separated back in 1999 after their parents ' messy break-up , after which their father took Erik and his twin brother Maarten to Belgium and their mother stayed with Josephine in their native Netherlands , reports DatingSiteKiezen . Despite Erik and Maarten 's best efforts to later track down their sister , it was only after Erik moved back to the Netherlands , joined Tinder and swiped ` right ' on Josephine 's profile that they were reunited - but the penny did n't drop straight away . Scroll down for video . Erik de Vries , 24 , and Josephine Egberts , 22 , were separated back in 1999 after their parents ' messy break-up - only to be reunited 16 years later on Tinder -LRB- photo posed by models -RRB- . Tinder - a global dating app which boasts 21 million matches each day - only allows two people to message each other if both parties express an interest by swiping right on the other 's profile picture . ` The first time I swiped her profile I had absolutely no idea , ' Erik told Mic . ` In our first conversation I was actually flirting with her so the conversation was very superficial . ' After messaging back and forth , details began to emerge about Josephine that made Erik suspicious of who she might be - namely a girl from Breda , where he had grown up , who had been separated from her twin brothers . Initially , Erik backed off over his concerns , but a few days later curiosity got the better of him so he asked Josephine a series of further questions about her past . Upon realising they were indeed siblings , the pair agreed to meet at a local café . ` When I saw him , it was suddenly very clear , ' Josephine told DatingSiteKiezen . ` It was so special to see my own blood brother again after 16 years . ' Erik was reunited with his long-lost sister after swiping right to her profile photo on Tinder -LRB- file photo -RRB- . Erik 's twin Maarten was equally as aghast . ` It 's too crazy for words that you come into contact with each other again like this , ' he told NL Times . ` But that also makes it very special . I am very happy that I can now still get to know my sister . ' The three siblings say they now plan to spend more time together , albeit in a more appropriate setting .