Jen Psaki thought the offer to be President Barack Obama 's communications director would n't last long . She figured White House chief of staff Denis McDonough had n't heard she 's expecting a baby girl in July . ` My immediate instinct in my head was to tell him I 'm pregnant and this will be the end of this . He 'll tell me good luck and be very kind about it and I 'll be on my merry way , ' said Psaki , who was serving as chief spokeswoman at the State Department . Instead McDonough - and later Obama himself - assured Psaki they would accommodate her needs as a new mom amid the West Wing 's nonstop demands . She started in the post Wednesday and is one of two pregnant women serving as assistant to the president -- a first for such a top level adviser in Obama 's presidency and practically unheard of under previous presidents . A family-friendly administration : Obama aides Katie Fallon -LRB- left -RRB- and Jen Psaki -LRB- right -RRB- are expecting babies in May and July of this year . High-ranking female administration officials becoming pregnant is virtually unheard of . What to expect when your expecting ... in the White House : Psaki -LRB- left -RRB- says the White House knew she was pregnant when she was being considered for the communications director job , and that Mr Obama called her personally and assured her that maternity leave would not be an issue . Caring : Fallon -LRB- left -RRB- says the president is constantly checking up on her health , making sure she 's attending her doctor 's appointments . She is currently serving as the president 's legislative director . Rahm Emanuel , Obama 's first chief of staff and now Chicago mayor , once remarked that every White House says they 'll be family-friendly , but it 's never really a good workplace for any family except the president 's . Yet Obama has pushed family-friendly policies like childcare , flexibility and paid leave , including instituting 12 weeks paid maternity leave for his own staff . But until now , he has n't put it into practice in a very prominent way with few mothers of young children on his own senior team . ` All workplaces are adapting and that includes the White House , ' said Obama legislative director Katie Beirne Fallon . She is scheduled to give birth to identical twin boys in May , just as her husband , Brian , plans to start as press secretary for Hillary Rodham Clinton 's impending presidential campaign in New York . President Obama makes an effort himself to have dinner with his wife and daughters most nights . The first family pictured above in a portrait for Easter . From left : 16-year-old Malia Obama , Michelle Obama , Barack Obama and Sasha Obama , 13 , with dogs Sunny and Bo . Fallon said she made it clear when she took her job that they were trying to start a family . She said everyone has been accommodating - from cooks at the mess hall where her lunch orders have included a baked potato topped with tuna fish and frozen yogurt with Raisin Bran , all the way up to the president . ` He 's constantly checking in on me , ' she said , urging her not to miss doctor 's appointments and to put her health first . ` Do n't let us get in the way of that , ' she said he 's told her . Fallon and Psaki both say they envision working more flexible hours so they can put their babies to bed . Press secretary Josh Earnest - one of several new fathers in the West Wing - says he tries to get home once a week before his baby is asleep . Obama tries to make it to dinner every night with his wife and daughters . ` I do n't think it would be appropriate for me to be home at 6:30 every night in the way that he is , ' Earnest said at a Center for American Progress forum . But he said Obama 's actions signal to staff they can make family a priority . Times have changed . Joan Baggett Calambokidis , President Bill Clinton 's political director , is one of the only other assistants to the president that former White House aides can remember having a baby on the job . She spent her delivery taking calls from the West Wing to discuss the choice of a new party chair . ` The doctor said , `` I see the baby 's head , you have to get off the phone , '' ' she said . After Calambokidis returned from maternity leave , a newspaper reported her doctor advised her to resign for health reasons because the job was too stressful - a rumor she said was fabricated to push her out . ` You can take off four months but you are n't able to be in there to do the turf battles that you need to do , ' she said . New on the job : Psaki started her new job as White House communications director on Wednesday , after serving in the same position for the State Department . Mr Obama pictured above walking with Psaki into the West Wing of the White House . ` All workplaces are adapting and that includes the White House , ' Fallon said . Pictured above with Mr Obama walking out of the West Wing last year . Rhonda Keenum was a mother of 1-year-old triplets when she started as President George W. Bush 's director of public liaison - a deputy assistant to the president . She was shocked to get pregnant again at 44 - and she was n't the only one . Keenum said Bush pointed at her aboard Air Force One and said , ` I want to know how that happened , ' as the first lady kicked him under the table . ` I said , `` Sir , I got knocked up . '' It was the only time I ever was irreverent with him . ' Keenum said she took just two weeks maternity leave - the White House a welcome getaway from four in diapers at home . ` I knew the White House opportunity was short-term and motherhood was not . ' Psaki said as she discussed whether to take the job with her husband , Greg Mecher , chief of staff to Massachusetts Democratic Representative Joe Kennedy , Obama called and personally pledged to support her needs . She said he told her , ` My wife would be mad if I did n't convey that having a baby is a wonderful experience and the best thing I 'll ever do , but it 's also hard . And we 'll make it work . '