Jockey Andrea Atzeni has an early chance to promote the Classic claims of a contender owned by his new Qatar Racing bosses when he partners Terror in Wednesday 's Landwades Nell Gwyn Stakes at Newmarket . The 1,000 Guineas hope , trained by David Simcock , is one of six out of the nine entries to hold an engagement in the Guineas . Terror finished fourth place in the Group One Cheveley Park Stakes over six furlongs at the Rowley Mile last September prior to her landing a Listed event there five weeks later . Jockey Andrea Atzeni will ride Terror in Wednesday 's Landwades Nell Gwyn Stakes at Newmarket . Simcock said : ` Terror has had a trouble-free preparation and done well physically over the winter , her recent work has been solid . She is not a bad filly -- she would have to be good to finish fourth in the Cheveley Park on only her second start -- and she has done nothing wrong . ` Although she is quite clean-winded it is difficult to know where you stand fitness-wise until you get her into a race scenario . Trainer Richard Hannon is represented by Osaila and Marsh Hawk in the Nell Gwyn at Newmarket . ` She might prefer a bit of dig in the ground but she has already proved that she handles fast ground , and I do n't think that this step up to seven furlongs will be a problem for her . ' Other Nell Gwyn entries include two fillies from the Richard Hannon -- Osaila , winner of the Group Three Princess Margaret Stakes winner , and Marsh Hawk , who has not run since finishing fourth in the Group One Dubai Fillies ' Mile in October . John Gosden 's Faydhan is the key horse entered in Wednesday 's Free Handicap . John Gosden is represented by Faydhan in Wednesday 's Free Handicap at Newmarket . The colt has not run since making a winning debut at Haydock in July is second favourite for the 2,000 Guineas on May 2 . Meanwhile , Frankie Dettori , who rides Osaila in the Nell Gwyn , has been unveiled as Newmarket 's ambassador for 2015 . He said : ` I love Newmarket Racecourses . The town is my home and I have wonderful memories of many victories , not least my five winners in the QIPCO 1,000 and 2,000 Guineas . ' Frankie Dettori , who will ride Osaila , has been unveiled as Newmarket 's ambassador for 2015 .