Departing England Cricket Board chairman Giles Clarke chose one of the most prestigious cricket occasions of the year , the Wisden Almanack launch , to make a complete fool of himself . Clarke , despite his standing as one of world cricket 's big powerbrokers who will continue with his deputy chairmanship of the ICC , embarrassed VIP guests with his astonishing behaviour at the Lord 's Pavilion Long Room dinner . Clarke arrived upset that the new ECB regime had just sacked his England managing director appointment , Paul Downton , whom he had rashly called a ` man of great judgment ' . Departing ECB chairman Giles Clarke made a fool of himself during the Wisden Almanack launch . Clarke confronted guest speaker Ehsan Mani and Sportsmail 's Lawrence Booth during the dinner . He was further annoyed that Lawrence Booth 's Wisden editor notes had been scathing of the way the ECB on Clarke 's watch had botched the axing of Kevin Pietersen while operating a ` nexus of self-preservation ' . And Clarke finally lost the plot when eloquent guest speaker Ehsan Mani of Pakistan , the former president of ICC , outlined his understandable concern for the future of world cricket as a result of the financial and power carve-up by Clarke 's England , Australia and India . After Mani had finished speaking Clarke loudly harangued Wisden editor Booth across the table -- in front of England all-rounder Moeen Ali , former fast bowler Devon Malcolm and ECB chief executive Tom Harrison . England cricketer Moeen Ali witnessed the incident at the Lord 's Pavilion Long Room dinner . Clarke was furious Mani 's ` disgraceful ' address had made no mention of ICC 's Test match contingency fund and also had strong objections to Wisden 's opinions . Yet Clarke had been granted a two-page platform in last year 's almanack to explain his ICC strategy . Clarke then confronted Mani about his speech and had another go at Booth before storming out of the Long Room in high dudgeon . Mani said : ` I 'm very used to Giles being utterly irrational . He always thinks it 's just about him when there 's a far bigger picture of three countries sharing 52 per cent of income between them . ' To complete the farce , Clarke 's nomination was supported by the ECB board on Thursday for him to become the first ECB president . Sky ban Henry for AP . Sky Sports have refused to allow their pundit Thierry Henry to present AP McCoy with his record 20th champion jump jockey title at Sandown on April 25 , where the great AP could ride for the last time . Racing officials had asked Henry , who immediately agreed due to the esteem McCoy is held in by fellow sportsmen and because he is a big Arsenal fan to boot . But Sky have withdrawn Henry because the race meeting is being broadcast on Channel 4 . A Sky spokesman said the Henry approach had not been made through the right channels . Sky Sports pundit Thierry Henry -LRB- centre -RRB- will not be allowed to appear on Channel 4 's racing coverage . Henry had agreed to present Arsenal supporter Jockey AP McCoy with his 20th champion jump jockey title . Clare Balding is snubbing the Grand National to present the women 's Boat Race on BBC . And after a Royal Ascot farewell , C4 Racing do n't expect to work with Balding again . They believe she is now more focused on writing books , with a children 's fiction story her next commission . Presenter Clare Balding will present the women 's Boat Race on BBC rather than the Grand National . With even former England batting coach Graham Gooch saying the Kevin Pietersen camp had wiped the floor with the ECB in the PR battle over KP 's banishment , it was depressing that new CEO Tom Harrison shows no sign of being more helpful with the media . When asked for a word as he left the Wisden dinner about his earlier axing of Paul Downton , he refused to break stride , merely stating : ` We 've said all we want to say . ' The Harrison regime have promised to stop leaks coming out of Lord 's , yet Sky Sports had a satellite truck and reporter in position at Lord 's for the unexpected Downton announcement and a correspondent ready to report live from St Kitts . Paul Downton has left his role as managing director of England and Wales Cricket Board . Former Ashes-winning England captains Michael Vaughan and Andrew Strauss are the obvious choices for the newly created job of director of England after the sacking of Paul Downton . But the ECB work in mysterious ways , such as paying for David Parsons , the ECB performance director , to go on the part-time masters course in sporting directorship at Manchester 's Metropolitan University which Lancashire coach Ashley Giles is also on . Michael Vaughan -LRB- right -RRB- and Andrew Strauss -LRB- left -RRB- are among the contenders to replace Downton .