A 32-year-old English teacher admitted in court Thursday that she had sex with a 16-year-old student , in a forgiving plea deal that gets her out of serving any prison time or having to register as a sex offender . Former Destrehan High School teacher Shelley Dufresne was arrested in September after the teen in question started bragging to friends at the St Charles Parish , Louisiana school that he had slept with two teachers . An investigation later revealed that the unidentified teen had sex with both his current English teacher at the time , Dufresne , and his English teacher from the prior year , 24-year-old Rachel Respess - including an alleged a threesome with both at Respess 's house . Scroll down for video . ` Free ' woman : Shelley Dufresne , 32 , confessed in court Thursday to having sex with a 16-year-old English student in exchange for a plea deal that gets her out of prison time . The married mother-of-three pictured above leaving the St Charles Parish Courthouse on Thursday . Double the trouble : Dufresne -LRB- right -RRB- and fellow teacher Rachel Respess , 24 -LRB- left -RRB- , were arrested in September when a student at Destrehan High School started bragging that he was sleeping with both of them . How they met : The unidentified 16-year-old victim was a student in Dufresne 's English class last year . Respess taught the same student English the year prior . Though she originally pleaded not guilty in November , married mother-of-three Dufresne changed course and confessed to the sordid act at a status conference in court on Thursday . In exchange for pleading guilty to a count of obscenity , the original charge of carnal knowledge of a juvenile will be held for the three years Dufresne is under probation for obscenity . Comfortable : As part of her plea deal , Dufresne will not have to serve any jail time . Instead she will undergo a 90-day inpatient mental health treatment program , surrender her teacher 's license and stay away from the victim and his family . Dufresne must also undergo a 90-day inpatient mental health treatment , surrender her teacher 's license , and stay away from the now 17-year-old victim and his family . If she complies with all of those terms , the carnal knowledge charge will be dropped after three years and she will not have to register as a sex offender . The carnal knowledge charge carries a maximum of ten years in prison and a fine for $ 5,000 . Judge Anne Simon signed off on the plea deal , after three other judges - including Dufresne 's father Judge Emile St Pierre - removed themselves from the case . District Attorney Joel Chaisson II heralded the deal as a success . ` I want to thank my special prosecutor , Julie Cullen , for her efforts to reach a fair resolution of the case and to secure a felony guilty plea , thereby sparing the juvenile victim in this matter from having to testify at a public trial , ' the DA said in a statement . The parents of the victim were in court on Thursday , and according to media who attended the meeting , they were not happy with the settlement . However , Dufresne 's legal battle is likely not over yet . When her relationship with the teen was exposed last fall , it was revealed that she had sex with the teen at a residence in Montz -LRB- Dufresne and her family live in Montz -RRB- and one in Kenner between August 22 and September 27 . Dufresne still faces the possibility of jail time for allegedly having a threesome with the same student and Respess at Respess ' residence in another Louisiana parish -LRB- pictured above -RRB- . Neither woman has been formally arraigned on those charges yet . Above , Dufresne 's home in Montz , Louisiana . The charges she settled Thursday had to do with sex acts she and the 16-year-old committed at a residence in that town . Both towns fall under different parishes , and Jefferson Parish has yet to formally arraign Dufresne on charges of carnal knowledge with a juvenile , indecent behavior with a juvenile and contributing to the delinquency of a child . It was at Respess ' home in Kenner that the teachers allegedly had a three-way with the student after a high school football game in September , and that is the incident they await arraignment on . Since her arrest on September 30 , Dufresne has remained free on bond . While she has been under house arrest during this time , the rules of the sequester have been loosened so that she can attend therapy sessions , Jazzercize classes and help drive her 3 , 5 , and 7-year-old children to school and extracurricular activities . However , she had to spend 8 pm to 7 am inside her home during the weekdays . Both Dufresne and Respess were suspended from their jobs without pay following their arrests last fall .