Supermarket customers in France can add airline tickets to their shopping lists thanks to a unique promotion by a budget airline . For a limited time Transavia France is offering cheap flights with packets of crisps , gummy bears and cereal bars at participating shops . Customers who buy one of the products before the #SnackHolidays promotion ends on April 21 will find a voucher code that can be redeemed online for a discounted flight to one of three destinations within Europe . Scroll down for video . Transavia France is selling cheap flights with packets of crisps , bags of gummy bears and cereal bars . Each package contains a voucher that can be redeemed for a discounted flight to one of three destinations . Billed as ` the first snacks with airline tickets ' promotion , the products are being sold at participating Carrefour City shops , in Selecta vending machines at two Paris metro stations , and at an Mk2 cinema in Paris . Once customers enter a code on SnackHolidays.com they can book one-way flights to Barcelona -LRB- € 35 -RRB- , Dublin -LRB- € 40 -RRB- or Lisbon -LRB- € 40 -RRB- with guaranteed prices , for travel between June 1 and October 24 . Customers who purchase the products will find vouchers for cheap flights to Barcelona , Lisbon or Dublin . Passengers can already fly to Dublin from Paris Orly Airport from € 40 , even without a voucher code . According to the fine print , passengers must pay a booking fee on top of the airfare cost , and fees for any checked baggage . A quick scan of Transavia 's website found that the savings with a voucher code from one of the packages would mostly be minimal , depending on the day of the flight . Passengers can already fly from Paris Orly Airport to Barcelona from € 35 to € 65 , to Dublin from € 40 to € 60 , and to Lisbon for € 40 to € 120 on most days of the week between June 1 and October 24 . The snacks are being sold at participating Carrefour City shops , in vending machines and at a cinema . The campaign was supposed to launch last month but was delayed due to the crash of Germanwings flight 4U9525 in the Alps , French media reported . This is not the first time Transavia France has launched a marketing stunt like this . They previously offered discounted airline tickets in exchange for unwanted Christmas gifts . Based at Paris Orly Airport , Transavia France launched in 2007 and is a low-cost subsidiary of Air France-KLM .