Keith Anderson attacked two men who he asked for a cigarette last year . He left one , an Army Lance Corporal , in a coma and severely brain damaged . A violent thug who ended a soldier 's career with one punch because he was n't given a cigarette has been jailed for seven years . Lance Corporal Albert Duffy had survived bomb blasts during a glittering military career which saw him complete three tours of war-ravaged Afghanistan . But after returning home to the UK , he was attacked at a bus stop by drink and drug-crazed Keith Anderson and left with severe brain damage . Just minutes before the attack , Anderson had punched another man , injuring him and leaving him incapable of work for a month . The 28-year-old thug ` bounced around , triumphantly like a boxer ' after the assaults , a court heard this week . A judge was told the soldier had high hopes of progressing through the ranks , but is now unlikely to return to the military . Jailing Anderson for seven years at Teesside Crown Court this week , Recorder Patrick Palmer said : ` Albert Duffy was enjoying his career in the army . ` He was doing his bit for the United Kingdom and served abroad and served in combat and it seems highly unlikely he will return to his career . Your one punch destroyed that . ' The court heard Anderson first attacked Adam Crosby at a bus stop in Hartlepool town centre on July 26 last year . He was angered that he only offered him the remainder of the cigarette he was smoking . Mr Crosby had to take a month off work at his family firm after he was left with a fractured cheek bone and damage to his teeth and nose . Anderson then walked to a nearby bus stop where L/Cpl Duffy was waiting and punched him to the ground after he failed to produce a cigarette . The soldier was left him slumped on the ground , bleeding from his ears and in a coma for 14 days . He sustained a fractured skull and needed two rounds of surgery after suffering haemorrhages , with part of his brain being removed . L/Cpl Duffy , from Darlington , County Durham , was a member of the 3 Rifles Infantry Battalion and had served in the Army for more than ten years , seeing colleagues killed and injured in Afghanistan . Teesside Crown Court heard Lance Corporal Albert Duffy 's military career had been ruined by the attack . He escaped with his life in 2009 after a vehicle he was in hit an improvised explosive device . He was blown 15 feet into the air , but suffered only a broken foot . Since the attack , he has gone from one of the fittest in his battalion to a man who struggles to put together sentences , the court heard . He also has hearing problems and has little short-term memory , the judge was told . His mother , Marie Briggs , says she no longer recognises him as the caring son once looked up to by his seven siblings and her three-step children . In a statement to the court , L/Cpl Duffy said : ` I do n't know what I 'll do if I do n't have the Army in my life and I have fought for my country . ` I find it difficult to comprehend how my life has been ruined by a male from Hartlepool , who punched me for no reason . ' Fellow-victim Mr Crosby told the court : ` I 'm 25 , I should be enjoying myself , but this attack has had a massive affect on me . ' Robin Turton , prosecuting , said when Anderson was arrested on July 30 , he asked police : ` Is that me you 're looking for in the paper ' after seeing headlines as officers appealed for help . He also asked about the condition of one of the victims , but made no comment when he was interviewed . L/Cpl Duffy and the other victim , Adam Crosby , were set upon at a bus stop in Hartlepool in July last year . Mr Crosby 's blood was found on clothing seized from Anderson 's home in Hartlepool . Anderson admitted grievous bodily harm against Mr Crosby and grievous bodily harm with intent for the attack on L/Cpl Duffy . He was sentenced to two years for the attack on Mr Crosby and seven for the assault on L/Clp Duffy to run concurrently . Neil Mullarkey , mitigating , said Anderson had started to tackle his drink problem since he was remanded in custody . He added : ` He is disgusted with himself and thinks about what he has done every day and is ashamed . ' The court heard that Anderson already has 19 convictions for 39 offences , including punching and head butting two women in a takeaway and an assault in which he used a pool ball in a sock to attack a man in a pub . But Recorder Mr Palmer stopped short of classifying him as a ` dangerous offender ' , which would have allowed the judge to jail Anderson indefinitely .