Nico Rosberg has accused his own Mercedes team of putting him ` under pressure ' during qualifying for the Chinese Grand Prix . Rosberg will start Sunday 's race behind team-mate Lewis Hamilton after he missed out on pole by just 0.042 secs in Shanghai . Informed he had been out-qualified by his championship rival for the third straight race , an exasperated Rosberg said : ` Oh , come on , guys ' , over the team radio . Nico Rosberg will start behind pole-sitter Lewis Hamilton with Sebastian Vettel third on the grid in China . Rosberg cut a frustrated figure in the paddock after he missed out on pole to Hamilton by just 0.042 secs . The German was the final driver out of the pit-lane during qualifying meaning he had to turn in a quicker out-lap than he would have liked to start his final shot at usurping Hamilton before the chequered flag fell . ` We need to look at that , ' said Rosberg . ` It was not ideal to put me under pressure like that . I do n't think it cost me anything , but still even the mindset that I had to speed up . It is very annoying . ' Rosberg improved his time , but still fell agonisingly short of Hamilton 's best lap . The momentum is with the Briton this year and Rosberg cut a grumpy figure in the paddock after qualifying . Sparks fly off the back of Rosberg 's Mercedes during qualifying for tomorrow 's race in Shanghai . The German has now been out-qualified by Hamilton at each of the three races this season . Nevertheless , he remains confident he can prevent Hamilton from claiming his fourth victory in Shanghai on Sunday . ` There are a few opportunities -LSB- to pass Hamilton -RSB- , ' Rosberg , who was speaking to Sky Sports , said . ` There is the start , there is strategy and then there is tyre degradation . Tyre degradation is going to be big issue because we are going to take the tyres to the limit so there is going to be lots of opportunities . ' Hamilton will start from the front of the pack as he bids to win his fourth grand prix in China .