Aston Villa shocked Liverpool to reach the FA Cup final to take on Arsenal in May . Philippe Coutinho fired Liverpool ahead with a smart chip before a long range Chrisitan Benteke strike equalised for Aston Villa . Tim Sherwood 's side moved into the lead thanks to a solo effort from Fabian Delph and held on for the famous victory . Here , Sportsmail 's Laurie Whitwell rates the players ' performances at Wembley Stadium . The Aston Villa players celebrate after Fabian Delph -LRB- centre -RRB- fires Tim Sherwood 's side into the lead . Aston Villa -LRB- 4-1-2-1-2 -RRB- . Shay Given 6.5 . Could not do anything to prevent Coutinho 's deflected goal , in the second-half claimed balls with confidence to sweep away worries . Leandro Bacuna 6 . A better weight of pass to Benteke when Villa had a three on one break-away would have put the game to bed . Gave an attacking edge down right . Ron Vlaar 6.5 . The kind of performance he gave for Holland at the World Cup , strong and no-nonsense when required , booting the ball to safety . Nathan Baker 6 . His race was run by the 26th minute when landing heavily on his left knee and going off injured . He has had knee troubles all season . Aston Villa midfielder Ashley Westwood out muscles Liverpool striker Mario Balotelli in the FA Cup semi-final . Kieran Richardson 6 . May have rued not doing better with his chance on the hour , skying high with the goal beckoning , but cleared off the line in the dying moments . Ashley Westwood 6.5 . Did well overall on his first start since the quarter-final against West Bromwich Albion on March 7 . Nothing spectacular , but kept play moving . Tom Cleverley 7 . Provided plenty of bite in midfield , snapping into tackles and covering ground . ` That 's b ******* Michael -LSB- Oliver -RSB- , ' he could be seen saying when a decision went against him . Fabian Delph 8 . Could have done better for Liverpool 's goal but atoned in spectacular style . His drive created the equaliser , and the winner was an excellent finish of poise . Jack Grealish 7.5 . A dream debut at Wembley for this 19-year-old . Incredibly composed , making smart decisions for both goals , and exhibiting beguiling touch and balance . Charles N'Zogbia 6.5 . Good early snap shot to test Mignolet and provided a quick attacking outlet . But annoyed Sherwood with over hit cross to Benteke . England midfielder Fabian Delph fires in Aston Villa 's second in the FA Cup semi-final against Liverpool . Aston Villa midfielder Tom Cleverley closes down Liverpool full back Alberto Moreno at Wembley . Christian Benteke 7.5 . Undoubtedly back to his best . Showed early his strength would be a problem for Liverpool , bullying Skrtel , and his finish was laser accurate . Subs : . Jores Okore -LRB- for Baker 26 ' -RRB- 6 . Caught a little cold for goal , deflected off his knee . Got better and made a couple of telling interceptions . Scott Sinclair 5 -LRB- for N'Zogbia 75 ' -RRB- . Cole -LRB- for Grealish 83 ' -RRB- . Tim Sherwood 7.5 . Got this spot on . Refused to take a back step despite the blow of Gabby Agbonlahor 's injury and had the confidence to trust Grealish onto this stage . Christian Benteke roars in celebration having scored Aston Villa 's equaliser against Liverpool . Liverpool -LRB- 3-4-3 -RRB- . Simon Mignolet 6 . Produced a fine fingertip save from N'Zogbia early on but could not do anything to affect Villa 's goals . Emre Can 5 . Asked to play three different roles throughout the game -- centre back , right back and left wing - and he never looked settled . Martin Skrtel 5 . Looked uncomfortable dealing with Benteke all afternoon , and got into a tangle in the second-half by the Belgian 's mere presence . Liverpool keeper Simon Mignolet vents his frustration having conceded twice at Wembley on Sunday . Dejan Lovren 6 . Vital interception in the 16th minute to cut out N'Zogbia 's pass to Benteke and made a super tackle to deny Grealish . Poor to shoot from distance at the end . Lazar Markovic 5 . Pretty ineffectual as the right wing-back and hooked at half-time as Rodgers looked to change matters . Jordan Henderson 5.5 . Not a match where his emergence as Liverpool 's enforcer-in-chief continued . Lost the battle for supremacy with Delph . Liverpool skipper Steven Gerrard attempts to dispossess Aston Villa 's Kieran Richardson . Joe Allen 5.5 . A quiet game for the quiet Welshman . Did his usual tidying job in front of defence but little in a positive sense . Alberto Moreno 6 . Overhit a cross in a good position in the first-half , but did well to recover with a sliding tackle to deny Benteke in the second-half . Steven Gerrard 6 . Began in an advanced role but dropped deep once Rodgers shuffled his team . Never really got in the game . His late header was reminiscent of Istanbul , but it was not to be . Brazilian Philippe Coutinho opens the scoring for Liverpool with a smart chipped finish at Wembley . Raheem Sterling 6.5 . Delicate ball to set up Coutinho and fizzed throughout . Caught offside too many times , however . Philippe Coutinho 7 . Super run and finish , even if it needed a nick off Okore to defeat Given . Pressed into good positions early on but influence faded later . Subs : . Balotelli -LRB- for Markovic 46 ' -RRB- 6.5 . Had an impact for the second half . Should have been allowed his goal late on . Johnson 5 -LRB- for Allen 78 ' -RRB- . Lambert -LRB- for Moreno 90 ' -RRB- . Liverpool forward Raheem Sterling is floored by a challenge from Aston Villa 's Fabian Delph -LRB- left -RRB- . Brendan Rodgers 5 . Got his tactics wrong from the off and tried in vain to correct twice as the match progressed . Not a good day for him . Ref : Michael Oliver 6.5 . Allowed the game to flow and got most calls correct . But his linesman failed him for Balotelli 's strike .