Manny Pacquiao will be wearing the world 's most expensive shorts when he takes the ring at the MGM Grand Garden Arena with Floyd Mayweather on May 2 . The richest fight of all time , said to be worth $ 300m and then some to those involved , is raking in the big bucks with the money streams certainly not limited to TV rights and ticket sales . The PacMan 's shorts alone will carry sponsorship logos worth a total of $ 2.25 m -LRB- £ 1.5 m -RRB- , reports the Manila Bulletin . Manny Pacquiao , working out here with trainer Freddie Roach , will wear multi-million pound shorts . When PacMan takes the ring against Floyd Mayweather his shorts will carry £ 1.5 m in sponsorship . Pacquiao gives a thumbs up in his blood-soaked , sponsor-covered shorts after beating Timothy Bradley . ` The rate for this fight is different from the previous -LRB- fights -RRB- , ' Pacquiao 's business manager Eric Pineda told the Bulletin , as reported by WorldBoxingNews . ` So far , we have six -LRB- companies -RRB- that will have their logos on Manny 's trunks . ' We 'll have to wait though to see who Manny will be wearing on the shorts -- to say early would be free publicity and surely cost more . Pacquiao , who was visited by Sylvester Stallone in the latest of a string of celebrity meet-ups on Saturday , is assured more than £ 50m from the fight . Pacquiao enjoys a visit from Sylvester Stallone , the latest in a string of celebrity supporters , on Saturday . Mayweather gets to work on a speed ball in front of the media as his preparations continue . Mayweather 's cut is to be in excess of £ 80m before a range of other means of income from the fight are split by Mayweather Promotions , Top Rank and Pacquiao . Meanwhile , the latest video offering insight into the Mayweather camp concentrates on the five-division champion 's gloves , as revealed by his uncle Roger . ` Multiple gloves , multiple choices and it 's really up to the champ which ones he chooses , ' explains Roger Mayweather as his nephew surveys scores of gloves in an array of colours and weights . Mayweather 's latest insight into his camp comes in the form of a video about the gloves he trains with . Money Man has scores of gloves in all colours and chooses them based on their weight . Gloves at 14 ounces and up are to minimise the damage while sparring while 10 and 12 ounce gloves mean ` you 're going for a nice hard punch , like you 're fighting . ' When one of the team says Nascar , it means a glove change is to take place just like a motor sport pit stop , Roger says . ` When they say Nascar , that 's a change of gloves . It 's like being in a race . So he does n't get cold , his body does n't tighten up , ' he said . On May 2 , both Mayweather and Pacquiao have agreed to wear eight ounce gloves of their choice .