The fatal shooting of an unarmed black man fleeing from a police officer has stirred outrage around the nation , but people in this South Carolina city are n't surprised . They call it inevitable in a police department they believe focuses on petty crimes and fails to keep its officers in check . There is almost nothing in Michael Thomas Slager 's police personnel file to suggest that his bosses considered him a rogue officer capable of murdering a man he just pulled over for a broken tail light . People in the community he served say this reflects what 's going wrong with policing today : Officers nearly always get the last word when citizens complain . Scroll down for video . Residents of the Charleston , South Carolina , have said the shooting of unarmed black driver Walter Scott was preceded by previous unheeded complaints about the police . Above , a friend of Scott 's at a memorial . The officer who shot Scott , Michael Slager , had little in his file to suggest excessive force . Above , two men pray at the memorial . ` We 've had through the years numerous similar complaints , and they all seem to be taken lightly and dismissed without any obvious investigation , ' the Rev. Joseph Darby , vice president of the Charleston branch of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People , said Thursday . The mostly black neighborhood in North Charleston where Slager fired eight shots at the back of Walter Lamer Scott on Saturday is far from unique in this regard , said Melvin Tucker , a former FBI agent and police chief in four southern cities who often testifies in police misconduct cases . Nationwide , training that pushes pre-emptive action , military experience that creates a warzone mindset , and legal system favoring police in misconduct cases all lead to scenarios where officers see the people they serve as enemies , he said . ` It 's not just training . It 's not just unreasonable fear . It 's not just the warrior mentality . It 's not just court decisions that almost encourage the use of it . It is not just race , ' Tucker said . ` It is all of that . ' Both Slager , 33 , and Scott , 55 , were US Coast Guard veteran . Slager had the dismissed excessive force complaint and Scott had been jailed repeatedly for failing to pay child support , but neither man had a record of violence . Video captured by a bystander to the shooting showed Slager fire eight shots at the back of Scott as he ran away . Original statements from Slager said that he felt threatened by Scott , though video released appears to contradict the police account of the incident . A dash cam video from police shows Scott running away from his car during a traffic stop for a broken tail light . Slager consistently earned positive reviews in his five years with the North Charleston Police . His new attorney , Andy Savage , said Thursday that he 's conducting his own investigation , and that it 's ` far too early for us to be saying what we think . ' Slager 's first attorney said he followed all proper procedures before using deadly force , but swiftly dropped him after the dead man 's family released a bystander 's video of the shooting . The officer , whose wife is eight months pregnant , is being held without bond pending an August 21 hearing on a charge of murder that could put him in prison for 30 years to life if convicted . A steady crowd left flowers , stuffed animals , notes and protest signs Thursday in the empty lot where Scott was gunned down . Many said police in South Carolina 's third-largest city routinely dismiss complaints of petty brutality and harassment , even when eyewitnesses can attest to police misbehavior . Scott -LRB- left -RRB- and Slager -LRB- right -RRB- were both Coast Guard veterans . Slager is being held without bond on a murder charge . POLICE VERSION . Police officer Michael Slager said in a statement earlier this week that his encounter with Walter Scott began at around 9.30 am on Saturday . He said he pulled Scott 's Mercedes over as a routine traffic stop for a broken brake light . He said Scott then ran away into a vacant grassy lot where , at some point during the chase , the victim confronts Slager . The officer then tried to use his Taser to subdue Scott , but claims the suspect grabbed the stun gun during the struggle , according to the statement . According to police reports , Slager fired the stun gun , but it did not stop Scott . At that point , the officer fired at Scott several times because he ` felt threatened , ' Slager 's statement said . He added that his actions were in line with procedure . Police then said Slager reported on his radio moments after the struggle : ` Shots fired and the subject is down . He took my Taser . ' His department said the officers then performed CPR and delivered first aid to the victim . WHAT THE VIDEO SHOWS . Slager 's account has been called into question after the video appears to show him shooting Scott in the back . The footage begins in the vacant lot apparently moments after Slager fires his Taser . Wires which administer the electrical current appear to be extending from Scott 's body . As Scott turns to run , Slager draws his pistol and , only when he is 15 to 20 feet away , starts to fire the first of the eight shots at his back . The video shows Slager handcuffing Scott 's lifeless body . Footage then appears to show Slager jogging back to the point where the Taser fell to the ground , bringing it over to Scott 's body around 30 feet away and dropping it next to him . It is only after two-and-a-half minutes that Slager is seen placing his hand on Scott 's neck in an apparent attempt to check his pulse . A black colleague then arrives and puts on blue medical gloves before handling the body , but is not seen performing first aid . They are joined by a third officer , who also does not appear to tend to the victim . The result , they say , is that officers are regarded with a mixture of distrust and fear . Slager 's file includes a single excessive use-of-force complaint , from 2013 : A man said Slager used his stun gun against him without reason . But Slager was exonerated and the case closed , even though witnesses told The Associated Press that investigators never followed up with them . ` It 's almost impossible to get an agency to do an impartial internal affairs investigation , ' Tucker said / . ` First of all the investigators doing it are co-workers of the person being investigated . Number two , there 's always the tendency on the part of the departments to believe the officers . ' Mario Givens , the man who accused Slager of excessive force in 2013 , told the AP that Slager woke him before dawn by loudly banging on his front door , and saying ` Come outside or I 'll tase you ! ' ` I did n't want that to happen to me , so I raised my arms over my head , and when I did , he tased me in my stomach anyway , ' Givens said . Mario Givens -LRB- pictured -RRB- filed an excessive force complaint against Slager in 2013 , but he was not interviewed and no witnesses were questioned . ` They never told me how they reached the conclusion . Never . They never contacted anyone from that night . No one from the neighborhood . ' Givens said he 's convinced Scott 's death could have been prevented if Slager had been disciplined in his case . ` If they had just listened to me and investigated what happened that night , this man might be alive today , ' he said . Darby also wonders if Saturday 's fatal shooting might have turned out differently had the department thoroughly investigated the 2013 Taser complaint . ` I think he would have been rebuked instead of fired , ' Darby said . ` But maybe it changes the way he sees things . ' Darby and other civil rights leaders want North Charleston to create an independent citizens review board to review complaints against police , since ` law enforcement is going to almost always give itself the benefit of the doubt . ' Such boards are few and far between in South Carolina . North Charleston police spokesman Spencer Pryor said Wednesday that the department now plans to review Givens ' complaint , although he would n't say what difference that could make now .