With the polls refusing to shift , Ed Miliband today went looking for divine inspiration in the hopes of winning the election . The self-confessed atheist Labour leader visited a Christian group in Croydon on the latest stop o his campaign trail . He bowed his head while church leaders ` put their hands forward towards Ed ' as they prayed for him in Croydon . Scroll down for video . Labour leader Ed Miliband stopped off at Praise House Community Church in Croydon for a question and answer session with worshippers . Last year Mr Miliband described himself as a ` Jewish atheist ' , but all party leaders are now trying to reach religious groups in the scramble to win votes . On Friday night David Cameron addressed 45,000 Christians at an event at the Excel centre before joining 15,000 Sikhs for a Vaisakhi parade yesterday . Today Mr Miliband stopped off at Praise House Community Church in Croydon for a question and answer session with worshippers . He told the congregation that a Labour government would install an envoy for religious freedom in the Foreign Office to tackle persecution overseas . ` We must do everything we can to make sure that religious freedom is protected , ' Mr Miliband said . He was bombarded with requests for selfies , as is now commonplace on the campaign trail . During the visit Mr Miliband ws bombarded with requests for selfies , as is now commonplace on the campaign trail . Last year Mr Miliband described himself as a ` Jewish atheist ' , but all party leaders are now trying to reach religious groups in the scramble to win votes . Mr Miliband was joined by Labour peer Baroness Lawrence , whose son Steven was murdered in 1993 . Mr Miliband discussed his faith during a visit to Jerusalem . He said : ` I have a particular faith . I describe myself as a Jewish atheist . I 'm Jewish by birth origin and it 's a part of who I am . ` I do n't believe in God , but I think faith is a really , really important thing to a lot of people . It provides nourishment for lots of people . ' In a separate intervention today , the Labour leader made a direct pitch for the support of disaffected centre ground Conservatives who feared the return of Mr Cameron to No 10 could lead to rising inequality and jeopardise Britain 's place in the EU . Mr Miliband was joined by Labour peer Baroness Lawrence , whose son Steven was murdered in 1993 . In an interview with The Observer he said : ` I am a politician of the left , but I am positioned where the mainstream of politics is positioned . I am on the centre ground of politics , ' ` I want to reach out to Tory voters , to Liberal Democrat voters , to Ukip voters , to non-voters ... to people who feel that David Cameron ca n't answer the challenge of our time , who worry about our place in the European Union , who really think to themselves , ` we can do a lot better as a country ' . '