The Hunger Games film franchise has grossed over $ 2 billion after three movies - and the final chapter is due out at the end of the year . Before that , the Twilight saga managed $ 3.3 billion over five films from 2008 . The Avengers garnered $ 1.5 billion with just one film in 2012 , and there are three other sequels to come , with the follow-up hitting cinemas May 1 . When it comes to Hollywood 's primary concern - banking a major box office - a series or superhero adaptation is largely seen as a surefire success , in a benchmark set in the early 2000 's by Harry Potter and The Lord Of The Rings , and followed by The Pirates Of The Caribbean and Spiderman . However , while original screenplays and independent projects are being edged out and overlooked as a result , there is still a small group of stars considered capable of pulling people into theaters in droves . According to a new survey in The Hollywood Reporter - which called upon producers , agents and executives to list those who can command a major opening based on their fan base - there are six superstars around that can keep the studios swelling , without having to resort to turning a best-selling book or beloved comic into a picture . In return , they can ask for $ 20 million per film . 1 . Sandra Bullock . The acting favorite , who won an Oscar in 2010 for The Blind Side , topped Forbes ' list of the highest-earning actresses in 2014 . The Miss Congeniality star took the headline spot thanks to her gripping turn in Gravity , which became one of the highest-grossing movies of 2013 , with a global box office of $ 716 million . And while her buddy cop comedy The Heat with Melissa McCarthy managed similarly impressive numbers , with about $ 229.9 million worldwide , the powerful pull that Bullock has today is a career-long achievement . Thrillers like Speed , A Time To Kill , Murder By Numbers and Crash served her well , but Bullock 's legion of loyal fans have really followed her quality comedies and dramas - from While You Were Sleeping to Hope Floats , Practical Magic , 28 Days , Two Weeks Notice and The Proposal . Theater favorite : Sandra Bullock has built up an impressive and loyal following over a career spanning almost 30 years . Here she is pictured in 2013 's Gravity -LRB- left -RRB- and Speed in in 1994 -LRB- right -RRB- . Old faithful : Bullock made her name - and continues to - by appearing in feel-good romantic comedies , such as Hope Floats with Harry Connick Jr. in 1998 . In it Bullock plays a housewife who moves back to the small town she is from following the collapse of her marriage . 2 . Leonardo DiCaprio . For a young guy who started out doing TV ads for Bubble Yum chewing gum in the 1990s , DiCaprio is now 40 and a bona fide movie star . While 1997 's Titanic is still ranked as the second highest-grossing film of all time -LRB- after Avatar -RRB- , taking $ 2.18 billion , he has appeared in some of the largest films of the last 15 years , including Inception , Django Unchained , The Departed , Catch Me If You Can , The Aviator and , most recently , The Wolf Of Wall St. According to The Richest , his films have grossed an astounding $ 2.3 billion . Mr blockbuster : Leonardo DiCaprio asked for $ 25 million up front to appear as Jordan Belfort in The Wolf Of Wall Street -LRB- left -RRB- , according to reports . His is pictured out and about in New York in September 2014 -LRB- right -RRB- . 3 . Matt Damon . He is perhaps best-known for the Bourne spy series , which spawned three films from 2002 . And , despite a shaky return once the series wrapped up , with the disappointing performances of The Adjustment Bureau , Margaret , Invictus , Green Zone , We Bought a Zoo and Promised Land , Damon showed once more he is a leading man when not playing Jason Bourne . End-of-the-world blockbuster Elysium became a big movie for Sony in 2013 , not just for its global takings of $ 286 million , but for being an original screenplay - a follow-up to Neill Blomkamp 's sleeper hit District 9 - and not an adaptation . However the big money will come in 2016 , when he reprises his role as Bourne . Leading man : Matt Damon - pictured left with his wife Luciana Barroso - made a big comeback in 2013 with sci-fi hit Elysium -LRB- right -RRB- . 4 . Robert Downey Jr. . This comeback king put a shocking bout of arrests , rehab and prison behind him when he played unconventional superhero Tony Stark in 2008 's Iron Man . He followed it up in 2009 by appearing as the title role in Guy Ritchie 's Sherlock Holmes , and then its sequel , Sherlock Holmes : A Game Of Shadows , in 2011 . Iron Man 2 proved another major hit in 2010 , and then the character appeared in The Avengers in 2012 , before Iron Man 3 broke office records in 2013 , collecting $ 1.2 billion . Downey Jr. now has an estimated net worth of $ 190 million , and is said to be on the best pay packet of all the actors who are signed on to The Avenger 's . Comeback king : Robert Downey Jr. has played Iron Man in three installments , plus The Avengers franchise , all of which has a big pay pack . 5 . Angelina Jolie . She won an Oscar for playing a disturbingly violent inmate of a female mental institution in 1999 's Girl , Interrupted , before going to refashion herself as a leading action star , with roles in Gone In 60 Seconds , Tomb Raider , Mr and Mrs Smith , The Wanted and Salt . While her most recent film , Unbroken , featured her as director , the Disney live-action flick Maleficent became the fourth highest-grossing film of 2014 , taking $ 758 million . The actress was paid a reported $ 15 million for the Sleeping Beauty remake , and is set to make $ 20 million for the Salt sequel . Regardless of the film , if Jolie is in it , audiences will go see it . Action star : While last year 's Maleficent was a big box office hit , Jolie is expected to collect $ 20 for the Salt sequel . 6 . Denzel Washington . Two-time Academy Award nominee Denzel Washington has a career that is as diverse as it is spread out . From Muslim minister and human rights activist Malcolm X in 1992 , to boxer Rubin ` Hurricane ' Carter The Hurricane and football coach Herman Boone in Remember the Titans , he moved into a series of action roles , including Training Day , Man On Fire and American Gangster . But his portrayed of an alcoholic but brilliant commerical pilot who prevents a catastrophic plane crash in Flight is the most memorable of late . Washington is believed to have been paid $ 20 million - $ 10 million more than co-star Mark Wahlberg - for the 2013 film 2 Guns . According to The Hollywood Reporter survey , however , there is a separate list of actors who are not far behind this list . The second group are said to be able to command $ 15 million each per picture . In order , that list goes Ben Affleck , Bradley Cooper , Dwayne Johnson , Jennifer Lawrence , Melissa McCarthy and Channing Tatum . The $ 15 million club : The recent survey said these six are Hollywood 's next-in-line for huge pay packets . In order , that list goes Ben Affleck , Bradley Cooper , Dwayne Johnson , Jennifer Lawrence , Melissa McCarthy and Channing Tatum .