The Duchess of Cambridge has the power to send sales of high-street designs sky-rocketing , so it 's little surprise that her offspring have the same effect . As Kate and William prepare to welcome their second child , there 's no doubt that the royal couple 's favoured childrenswear brands are hoping to cash in on the arrival . Indeed , one children 's clothing company that became known around the world when Prince George was photographed wearing their garments has released a very regal new range - fit for a Prince ... or a Princess . Anything Prince George has been seen wearing has gone on to sell out , such as this £ 32 Cath Kidston tank top ... and one clothing company that the tot is reported to have been wearing has released a new range in time for the second royal baby 's arrival . London-based Trotters , who describe their clothing as ` exclusive , yet affordable : stylish yet traditional ' , has unveiled the ` New Born Baby Collection ' just in time for the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge 's imminent arrival . The range includes boy 's T-shirts and romper suits , complete with Bearskin hat-wearing soldiers , and pretty smocked dresses and pink cardigans for girls . There are even pink or blue rabbit booties . Sophie Mirman , founder and CEO of Trotters , said : ` As a small family business , it is not only a great honour but also a great morale booster for my staff and the manufacturers for Trotters . ` Clearly the commercial impact is considerable and it is wonderful that Her Royal Highness supports British businesses . ' It was reported that Prince George wore a bodysuit from Trotters at a Plunket play group event at Government House in Wellington , New Zealand in 2014 . According to Hello ! magazine , the Duchess of Cambridge purchased this £ 14.99 top , left , and this £ 34.99 navy sweater , which is described as being the perfect choice for ` afternoon tea with the Queen ' , right , for her first-born son . The children 's clothing company that became known around the world when Prince George was photographed wearing their garments have released a very regal new range fit for a Prince . As well as boy 's T-shirts and romper suits , there 's pretty smocked dresses and pink cardigans for girls . Sophie Mirman , founder and CEO of Trotters , said : ` As a small family business , it is not only a great honour but also a great morale booster for my staff and the manufacturers for Trotters ' Trotters , based on the King 's Road , has unveiled the ` New Born Baby Collection ' just in time for the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge 's imminent arrival . The store 's CEO said : ` Clearly the commercial impact is considerable and it is wonderful that Her Royal Highness supports British businesses ' The term ` The Prince George effect ' was coined just three days after his birth in July 2013 when the £ 20 printed white aden + anais cloth in which the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge wrapped their baby son before leaving the Lindo Wing of St Mary 's Hospital sold out almost instantly . Within 48 hours of being seen for the first time , the £ 44.95 wrap had sold out , while traffic to the brand 's website shot up by 1,960 per cent . And it did n't stop there . Following the family 's portrait for Mother 's Day in 2013 , when the prince sported a baby blue number with ` George ' emblazoned on his chest , personalised baby clothes retailer My1stYears.com sold 1,200 jumpers in just four hours . Then , the family 's tour of Australia and New Zealand in April last year , on which Prince George played a prominent role , sent brand 's into a frenzy . The term ` The Prince George effect ' was coined just three days after his birth when the £ 20 printed white aden + anais cloth in which the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge wrapped their baby son before leaving the Lindo Wing of St Mary 's Hospital sold out almost instantly . Following the family 's portrait for Mother 's Day in 2013 , when the prince sported a ` George ' emblazoned jumper , personalised baby clothes retailer My1stYears.com sold 1,200 jumpers in just four hours . Designers of the clothes the nine-month-old wore over the fortnight reported a huge surge in sales and the royal tot became something of a fashion icon . One such example is the Les Petites Abeilles romper suit he wore on his arrival in Sydney - a similar design totally sold out immediately and then had a shipping time of two months . The young prince looked dapper in the nautical-style romper suit as he disembarked an Australian Airforce jet . He was blissfully unaware of the furore he caused , but within seconds of the royal trio arriving in Australia , Twitter was awash with commentary about his ensemble . On a playdate in New Zealand , the tiny tot wore a stylish smocked romper from Rachel Riley , a British luxury brand for children , which retails at £ 77 -LRB- aud $ 125 -RRB- . The family 's tour of Australia and New Zealand in April last year , on which Prince George played a prominent role , sent brand 's into a frenzy . A similar version of the Les Petites Abeilles romper suit he wore on his arrival in Sydney , left , sold out immediately and the Rachel Riley smock , right , sold out in minutes online . The classic tailored dungarees with a sailboat smocked design on the front panel sold out immediately in the six month and 12 month sizes on the company 's website . Ahead of the new royal baby 's birth , brands are already stocking memorabilia . Birchbox launched Royally Good - two boxes -LRB- one in blue and one in pink -RRB- that the monthly beauty subscription service think any Royal would love . Indeed , Blue Almonds , one of Kate 's favourite shop 's , has launched The Royal Collection 2015 . Due to the success of the first collection , and inspired by the Duchess of Cambridge 's latest expectancy , the new collection features a moses basket based on the designs store owner Iza Minkiewicz had while pregnant with her own son , Filip . Izabela Minkiewicz , said : ` Kate has already had a major impact on the fashion market with the dresses that she 's pictured in flying off the shelves as soon as they hit stores so she 's destined to have the same effect on the baby wear market , too . ` When Kate was photographed in Blue Almonds whilst pregnant , interest in Moses baskets definitely increased and sales of similar infant beds also boomed . ' Blue Almonds , one of Kate 's favourite shop 's , has launched The Royal Collection 2015 inspired by Prince George . Birchbox launched Royally Good - two boxes -LRB- one in blue and one in pink -RRB- that the monthly beauty subscription service think any Royal would love . Style and brand expert Nick Ede added : ` It 's refreshing to see that he 's not too trendy he 's just the perfect English gent . The George effect is due to him wearing clothes that are not designer labels but are wearable , affordable , on-trend colours and perfect for the royal spotlight . ` A style icon is someone who creates a trend and with his nautical stripes , dungarees and baby grows with royal blue piping he certainly doing that . ' And dressing baby sons around the world is clearly popular - the young royal even has his own style blog , What Prince George Wore , dedicated to all things baby style . But while the Duchess of Cambridge might still be a dab hand at selling out whatever she wears , even she can not compete with her son when it comes to sheer selling power . From £ 44.95 swaddling wraps to knitted tank tops , the royal baby effect shows no sign of petering out - much to the excitement of childrenswear designers and eBay entrepreneurs contemplating another year of buoyant sales to come . Here 's to a fashionable future for baby number two !