Covered entirely in crystals , it may not be to everybody 's taste - but a new £ 420,000 piano is possibly the most bling musical instrument in the world . The custom-made piano features half a million Swarovski crystals and was created following a request from an unnamed buyer described as an ` influential Sheikh ' in Doha , Qatar . Goldfinch , a Cambridge-based piano maker , took six months to build it , with every crystal applied by hand . Scroll down for video . A £ 420,000 piano has been hand decorated with half a million Swarovski crystals . Company director Tomas Norman , whose family has been handcrafting high-end pianos for more than 40 years , said : ` It 's been a delight to bring another customer 's dream to reality . ` We love nothing more than blurring the lines between timeless tradition and contemporary British art , but it 's not all about good looks - our craftsmanship is combined with cutting-edge technology for that seamless finish and ultimate musicality . ' He claimed the company is the only piano manufacturer in the world which offers an almost limitless selection of shapes , sizes , colours , materials and textures . The piano was made in collaboration with British contemporary artist Lauren Baker . The sparkling piano was created for an ` influential Sheikh ' in Doha , Qatar . When the light hits the crystals they shine in different colours . Previous projects have included a piano colour-matched to an RAF fighter plane and a baby grand piano that appears to melt down three flights of stairs . The company typically produces pianos priced between £ 100,000 and £ 1 million and has shipped instruments to Hong Kong , Dubai and Los Angeles in the past . Artist Lauren Baker added the half a million crystals by hand saying she has an obsession with working with the shining gem stones . Lauren said her work : ` I 'm really drawn to working with crystals . My imagination runs wild with ideas . ` I 've got an obsession and a fascination with crystals so this is the perfect project . It 's every little detail that counts . ` It 's the meticulous minute detail of the pieces that form the beautiful final outcome . It 's all about the way the crystals catch the light and refract into a prism of colours . That makes it so extravagant . ' Even the name of the piano was done in crystals , placed on with tweezers . Goldfinch regularly make custom pianos which range between £ 100,000 and £ 1million .