An honest taxi driver has made a friend for life after returning a bag a passenger left on the back seat of his car - containing £ 10,000 in cash . Mohammed Nisar , 55 , had been driving sole trader Adrian Quinn to Walsall train station when the passenger hopped out of the vehicle in a rush , forgetting his rucksack . He had been carrying the hefty sum of money after cashing a cheque from his inheritance following the death of his mother - and on realising his mistake says he felt ` dazed ' . Reward : Taxi driver Mohammed Nisar -LRB- left -RRB- accepts a reward from sole trader Adrian Quinn after returning a bag the passenger left in his taxi containing £ 10,000 in cash . Mr Quinn , 46 , of Hereford , said : ` Losing that money would have been the end of my business . I was physically sick ! He realised he had left the bag in the car just seconds after Mr Nisar dropped him at the station . He added : ` I was walking across the car park when I realised I had n't got my bag and I panicked . I tried to flag down another taxi but they all had fares . ` I was sick . My body just went into shut-down and I did n't know what to do . . I was just in a daze . If I 'd lost that bag it would have been the end of my business . ` We have built it up from nothing for the last nine years and we are sole traders . We do n't have the backing of banks . It is hard work , but it earns us a living . ' After eventually flagging down another cab the father-of-three arrived back at the taxi rank in a flustered state to find Mr Nisar sitting in his car with the bag safely on the passenger seat . Honest cabbie : Mr Nisar believes ` honesty is the best policy ' and has returned a number of valuable lost items to passengers in the past . He said : ` I was very emotional . I said , `` Do you know what was in that bag ? Put it this way , it is not a box of sandwiches or a newspaper . There is £ 10,000 in there '' . ' Mr Quinn gave Mohammed a cash reward to thank him - in an envelope marked ` to my best friend in the world ' - and has even invited him and his wife to his home for a family meal . Mr Nisar , 55 , said : ` He nearly had a heart attack , he was really worried ! ` He came up to me and asked if I realised what was in the bag . He was very , very thankful . He had just bought a car but forgot the bag full of money . ' It is not the first time Mr Nisar , who has been a self-employed taxi driver for 15 years , has found things in the back of his car . Only two years ago one passenger left a wallet containing £ 150 in , but Mohammed drove straight back to the man 's home to return it . New friend : Mr Quinn hands a cash reward to Mr Nisar in an envelope labelled ` to my best friend in the world ' Now , following his latest find , he is urging fellow taxi drivers to do the same if they find themselves in the same situation . Mohammed said : ` At the end of the day honesty is the best policy . There are some drivers who do n't return things but what is the point ? ` If the council had not have called me and no-one had have claimed it after 12 or 24 hours I would have taken that bag straight to the police station . ` Mobile phones are the most common thing left behind but most of them now can be traced anyway . ` My message is to encourage all my taxi driving brothers that if they find something valuable just give it back . '