It is matches like this that makes one wonder just how good Gael Monfils could have been ; and perhaps how good he still can be . The Frenchman is sometimes fantastic , often frustrating and always flamboyant but he brought all the good parts of his game to bear as he knocked Roger Federer out of the Monte Carlo Masters 6-4 , 7-6 in a thrilling last-16 encounter . Monfils displayed the breathtaking athleticism that can make Novak Djokovic look sluggish and the shotmaking that can make Andy Murray seem conventional . But the 28-year-old also played with focus and commitment , two attributes which can sometimes be found wanting in the world No 18 . Gael Monfils celebrates after beating Roger Federer in straight sets at the Monte Carlo Masters . Frenchman Monfils beat the former world No 1 6-4 7-6 in a last-16 thriller on Thursday in Monaco . Federer started smoothly and broke with a clever chipped return . But the 33-year-old handed the break back with a double fault and the momentum swung towards the Frenchman . At 4-4 , Monfils came out on top in a pulsating 31-shot rally to bring up three break points . On the second , he won another grueling point and then served out comfortably . The second set was the best of the tournament so far . Each game was fiercely contested with both men playing superb , intense tennis . Federer shows his frustration after bowing out of the clay court tournament to the No 14 seed . Federer leaves the court after his loss put Monfils through to his first last-eight match in Monaco . Neither was able to puncture the other 's serve and so , appropriately , a tie break was needed to separate them . Every rally in the breaker was a mini epic . Federer edged ahead with a brilliant return winner but missed a backhand to cede the advantage . Monfils won a couple of points on serve and the world No 2 was forced to serve to stay in the match at 5-6 . He missed an approach shot wide and the Frenchman unfurled that trademark beaming grin . Monfils will face Grigor Dimitrov in what should be an explosive quarter-final . World No 18 Monfils hit 22 winners to Federer 's 17 as he shocked the 17-time Grand Slam winner . Monfils and Federer shake hands at the end of the match after the 28-year-old overcame the 33-year-old .