It was the moment a man , hands open in peace , stood up to a swastika-tattooed neo-nazi with his fists clenched in rage . A striking picture , taken by photographer Kenji Wardenclyffe , captured the explosive moment during a Melbourne protest against the ` Islamisation ' of Australia . The dramatic scenes occurred after Reclaim Australia , an anti-Islam group , organised protests at major cities across Australia , which were countered by anti-racism activists who held rallies in the same locations . The Reclaim Australia event in Melbourne was also crashed by neo-nazis , who spectacularly clashed with anti-racism groups . Scroll down for video . A number of men with shaved heads and tattoos of the swastika -LRB- left -RRB- appeared at the event and attempted to start a fight with anti-racism protesters -LRB- right -RRB- . ` It was very intense , ' Kenji Wardenclyffe told Daily Mail Australia . ` The neo-nazi definitely seemed to be instigating , trying to start a fight with the anti-racism group . The other man in the photo stepped in and was trying to keep the peace . ` He kept his hands open , he was trying to stop a fight from breaking out . ' The violent intent of the bald man was proven elsewhere at the rally , when he was photographed with one fist gripping another protester 's shirt and the other raised to punch the man in the face . Violent intent : At the rally , the man involved in the standoff was seen trying to throw a punch at another protester as the scene descended into violence . One man appeared to be knocked out cold in the melee and was left lying on the ground . Mr Wardenclyffe said he was pushed around by protesters throughout the day , and some of his camera equipment was broken by people attempting to stop him from taking photos . ` It was a very angry atmosphere - it definitely seemed some of the people on the Reclaim Australia side were there looking to start a fight , ' he said . ` It was very tense . ' In a video of the event , it also appears to show the moment a man throw a punch at the head of a female anti-racism protester . Despite Reclaim Australia 's promise of a peaceful protest , a number of men with shaved heads and tattoos of the swastika appeared at the event and attempted to intimidate anti-racism protesters . Reclaim Australia describe themselves as ` patriotic Australians ' who protest against Sharia Law , Halal tax and Islam . They say they want ` compulsory singing of our national anthem weekly in every school in Australia ' and want the government to ` refuse entry to anyone who has fought overseas against our ADF or minimum 15 years jail term . ' In these photos , taken by freelance photographer Kenji Wardenclyffe , a man with a swastika tattoo came head to head with one of the anti-racism protesters and attempted to intimidate them into backing off . Wearing a Harley Davidson sleeveless hoodie , which showed off his sleeve of tattoos , the bald man attempted to start a fight with the protesters against racism , who stood against him in defiance . Police were forced to separate the neo-Nazis and opposing protesters by forming a wall at separate rallies across the country . Wearing a Harley Davidson sleeveless hoodie , which showed off his sleeve of tattoos , the bald man attempted to start a fight with the protesters against racism , who stood against him in defiance . Police were forced to separate supporters and opposing protesters by forming a wall at separate rallies across the country . Crowd numbers continued to grow throughout the afternoon , and some protesters had to be treated by paramedics after the ugly clashes . Speaking to Buzzfeed , photographer Mr Wardenclyffe said one of the anti-racism protesters stood out in front of the rest to stop him from getting through . ` The neo-Nazi appeared and pushed through the crowd and began to yell at the -LRB- left-wing protestors -RRB- , ' Mr Wardenclyffe said . Police were forced to separate Reclaim Australia supporters and opposing protesters by forming a wall at separate rallies across the country . ` The neo-Nazi then got in the face of the man in my photo with sunglasses who had moved into a position to prevent him from getting through . ` The neo-Nazi yelled at him in a manner which seemed to be an attempt to start a fight , but the guy with sunglasses remained calm and did n't engage . ' A clash of anti-Islam and anti-racism groups turned dangerous and violent during protests in Melbourne . Melbourne police formed a barrier between the separate rallies to attempt to disperse the protesters . It comes after a Twitter account claiming to be linked with anti-Islam groups has mocked protests . There was never a violent exchange between the groups however the men with the swastika 's moved through the crowd taunting the anti-racism protesters . The clash comes after a Twitter account claiming to be linked with anti-Islam groups mocked protests being held around Australia last week . However , organisers behind the Sydney protest were quick to disassociate themselves with the account . Crowd numbers grew during the afternoon , and some protesters had to be treated by paramedics . Across Australia , 16 rallies were scheduled to take place , but Sydney and Melbourne drew the biggest crowd . ` It 's not us , ' a spokesperson told Daily Mail Australia . ` Ours is @reclaim_aus . ' Across the country , 16 rallies were scheduled to take place , with events in Sydney and Melbourne appearing to have drawn the biggest crowds . About 500 people attended the rally held in Martin Place , Sydney , which included speeches from former Australia Defence League member Shermon Burgess and Rise Up ! Australia Party NSW President Norm Bishop . Two people were taken away by police officers after they rushed the stage and attempted to disrupt the rally . More than 100 police officers , eleven mounted on horses were used to form the separation wall . Several were injured during the violent rally that saw hundreds of people protest for anti-racism . There was a strong police presence throughout the protest , which included riot police . Two people were taken away by officers after they rushed the stage and attempted to disrupt the rally . One took the microphone and told the crowd they should be ` ashamed ' . Several more were injured in the combative protests , according to reports . To see more of Kenji Wardenclyffe 's work , visit his site here , or his YouTube channel . There was a strong police presence throughout the protest , which included riot police . Two people were arrested after they attempted to break through a police barricade that separated the groups . Two people were taken away by officers after they rushed the stage and attempted to disrupt the rally . Protesters cheered as speakers said Australians had to be aware and alert to the threat of Islam and sharia law .