A giant turnip weighing a whopping 33 lbs and measuring 4ft long across has been grown in China 's Yunnan Province . The monster vegetable , which weighs more than a three-year-old child , is so big it had been nicknamed the ` fat little girl ' in the village where it was grown , The People 's Daily Online reported . Mr Li claimed the specimen , which had been grown naturally without the help of any fertilizers , had become a big attraction and pictures of it have even gone viral . The mammoth turnip which weighs 33 lbs and measures 1.2 metres long is so large it hangs over the flower bed . It is not the first time these outsized vegetables have turned up in China but usually they are grown by farmers using commercial fertilizers . Mr Li , from Eshan in Yunnan , said he shocked with mammoth turnip which at 4ft -LRB- 1.2 m -RRB- long was the length of his flower bed . He explained he had just picked up some ordinary seeds from the local market and had not used any fertilizer but was careful to water it everyday . It was grown by keen gardener Mr Li who claimed the specimen had become a big attraction and pictures of it have even gone viral . He explained he had just picked up some ordinary seeds from the local market and had not used any fertilizer but was careful to water it everyday . After pictures of it were posted online , one commenter wrote : ` Radish , have you grown so big to become the King of Radish ? ' Earlier this year another giant vegetable was found growing in China 's Guangdong province in a Shantou village . This radish was also 33 lbs in weight and measured 2ft -LRB- 60 cm -RRB- in length . When asked about his secret to growing his prized specimens the farmer , Mr Chen , said : ` The most important elements for big radish is good quality fertilizer , good soil and not to grow them too tightly together and plenty of water . ' Many people like to buy radish to take home during the Chinese Spring Festival as the Mandarin pronunciation of the nickname of this vegetable is ` Cai Tou ' which sounds like ` Good Start ' . The worlds 's heaviest turnip was a Mammoth Purple Top and weighed 17.7 kg -LRB- 39 lbs 3 oz -RRB- . It was grown by Scott and Mardie Robb from the US who presented it the Alaska State Fair in 2004 . It is not the first time these outsized vegetables have turned up in China but usually they are grown by farmers using commercial fertilizers .