Nearly 11 months after travelling to Syria and joining Islamic State , British fighter Hamza Parvez , 22 , still has n't found a wife and has been living with a group of unmarried fighters . Known as Abu Hamza al-Britani , the loveless British Pakistani fighter recently moved back to the Islamic State de-facto capital city of Raqqa in Syria , in search of love . He is now living in a house with a group of English speaking fighters , originally as far as Belgium , Finland and Australia . Hamza Parvez -LRB- left -RRB- standing next to Belgian fighter and close friend Abu Mariya al-Belgiki have been living together in a house in Raqqa , Syria . Over six months since he travelled to Syria , Hamza 's friend Abu Mariya al-Belgiki remains a frustrated bachelor . Like Hamza , all his friends appear to be struggling with life as a bachelor , with several of them taking to social media to voice their annoyance at being unable to escape their lonely life in Syria . One of Parvez 's best friends , a Belgian fighter known as Abu Mariya al-Belgiki , recently wrote : ` Urgh another brother got married ... The pain ... LOL I 'm happy for him but still ... The pain ... ' The hapless Belgian wrote : ` But marriage for the mujahideen especially for us , who come from Europe , is a big problem here ... There is no mujahiras . ' ` Whenever you are going to marry someone ... Their -LRB- sic -RRB- is always that guy who 's better than you ... U stand no chance ... life reality ... ' Abu Hamza -LRB- left -RRB- wearing the traditional hat of the Pashtuns , and a dark robe . He is eating ice cream with his close friend Abu Hamza as-Somali in the IS held city of Mosul . Along with his best friend Mohammed Nasser , Hamza Parvez travelled to Syria in May 2014 , telling his parent that he was going to Germany . Possibly on the advice of Parvez , al-Belgiki recently bought himself a pet , possibly to help him with his loneliness . The Belgian fighter proudly showed off his ` babies ' , a pair of green budgerigars , perched in a big cage next to a prompted back AK 47 rifle . Abu Mariya reportedly travelled to Syria last October , along with a group of up to 10 British nationals . He recently claimed that he met British fighter Siddhartha Dhar , known as Abu Rumaysah al-Britani , who travelled to Syria whilst he was on bail . The Belgian fighter proudly shows off his ` babies ' , a pair of green budgerigars , perched in a big cage next to a prompted back AK 47 rifle . Whilst living in Mosul , Hamza Parvez owned a kitten called Anbar . He wrote of his heartbreak at leaving behind his ` princess . ' Another of Hamza 's friends , Abu Ibrahim al-Finlandi , was mocked on social media after revealed his devastation in discovering his dream jihadi bride had already got engaged . According to the Finn , his wannabe bride had already got engaged to another fighter before she had even travelled to Syria . The Finnish fighter later revealed : ` Gotten so desperate that I lift my requirements . Yes my wife can be a bit older and taller than me , and ethnicity wo n't matter . ' A FInnish fighter , whose account was recently suspended , wrote about his frustration in the process of trying to find a wife . The Finnish fighter was mocked on social media after publicly revealing his dissatisfaction at the marriage process in Islamic State territory . He went to moan about having to wait six months before he was allowed to apply to get married and ` hope a sister picks out you from hundreds of other applicants . ' Parvez has also previously expressed on on his Ask.FM account that wanted to get married and have ` two or three children . ' Nicknamed ` Hungry Hamza ' , the portly jihadi is forever posting pictures of his dinner and even claims in his profile biography that he is most likely to be found in the Islamic State kitchen . Parvez previously said on on his Ask.FM account that he wanted to get married and have ` two or three children . ' Hamza is frequently mocked for his love of junk food , possibly a major turn off for many of his potential brides . It is possible his insatiable appetite might be due to comfort eating as Hamza 's family have reportedly not spoken to him for months . After studying at Holland Park School , Parvez worked as a waiter at a hotel in Shephard 's Bush , West London . Along with his best friend Mohammed Nasser , a Roehampton University business graduate , Parvez travelled to Syria in May 2014 , telling his parent that he was going to Germany . He has lived in both Iraq and Syria , spending a considerable amount of time in the Iraqi city of Mosul .