A brewery has seen a spike in sales following a bizarre Twitter spat with teetotal politician George Galloway . A brewery has seen a spike in sales following a bizarre Twitter spat with teetotal politician George Galloway . Matthew Halliday , the owner of the Bradford Brewing Company , said throngs of people have turned up at the brewery 's Brewfactory bar in the wake of the online row . The spat started after the Respect Party parliamentary candidate for Bradford West seemed to take offence after the brewing firm asked him if he was ` still a thing ' . Mr Galloway , who does n't drink , responded to the beer makers , saying : ` What does that mean ? And as a licensed premises in my constituency really be writing that ? ' The brewer carefully reminded the politician that he was no longer the MP for the area after parliament was dissolved last Monday . Galloway hit back , saying : ` Well then , I shall return to this matter after the election . You have been most unwise . ' Mr Halliday , 29 , said : ` We have seen a bit boost in customers because of this . Almost everyone who came in yesterday did so because of Twitter . ' ` It was a cheeky tweet that I sent while I walked past his office early in the morning that just seemed to have escalated . We are now completely blocked and anyone connected to us has been blocked . ` I only asked him because he is the only candidate standing here that has n't been into the pub to say hello . ` But after this argument I do n't think we will be seeing Team Galloway in here anytime soon . ' The spat started after the Respect Party parliamentary candidate for Bradford West seemed to take offence after the brewing firm asked him if he was ` still a thing ? ' Matthew Halliday , 29 , the owner of the Bradford Brewing Company , said throngs of people have turned up at the brewery 's Brewfactory bar -LRB- pictured -RRB- in the wake of the online row . Mr Halliday said that the spat has even sparked inspiration for a new brew that the firm plans to name after the fiery Scot . He said : ` We are planning to bring out a Galloway soon . I do n't want to say too much as it is top secret right now , but all I can say is it is weak , bitter and has a frothy head . ' The brewery also said that they would put forward a candidate at the next general election if Mr Galloway retains his seat on May 7 . A spokesman for Mr Galloway did n't wish to comment on the story and simply said : ` It certainly has put Bradford Brewery on the map . '