Ronnie O'Sullivan will tackle a Crucible debutant in the first round of the Betfred World Championship which starts in Sheffield on Saturday . Five-time winner O'Sullivan will face Manchester 's Craig Steadman , who at 32 is set for his bow at the sport 's most prestigious tournament . Steadman visited the theatre to watch his friend Nick Dyson play Ken Doherty in 2001 , but said : ` I told myself I 'd never go again unless I was playing . Ronnie O'Sullivan will play 32-year-old debutant Craig Steadman in the first round of the World Championship . Defending champion Mark Selby will play Norwegian Kurt Maflin at the Crucible on Saturday . Mark Selby v Kurt Maflin . Stephen Maguire v Anthony McGill . Joe Perry v Zhang Anda . Shaun Murphy v Robin Hull . Barry Hawkins v Matthew Selt . Mark Allen v Ryan Day . Ali Carter v Alan McManus . Neil Robertson v Jamie Jones . Ding Junhui v Mark Davis . John Higgins v Robert Milkins . Marco Fu v Jimmy Robertson . Judd Trump v Stuart Carrington . Ricky Walden v Graeme Dott . Stuart Bingham v Robbie Williams . Mark Williams v Matthew Stevens . Ronnie O'Sullivan v Craig Steadman . The tournament runs from April 18 to May 4 . ` As a snooker player it 's not nice to sit there watching when you could be playing . ` You 've got to earn a right to be there and I 've done that now and it 's brilliant . ` When you get to the Crucible , I 've heard horror stories about walking down the stairs and your legs start crumbling . ` I would n't have minded getting there when I was 18 , when I had a full head of hair and I was better looking . ' Defending champion Mark Selby will also tackle a debutant in Norway 's Kurt Maflin . Maflin came through 10-9 in the final qualifying round against Irish veteran Fergal O'Brien . Judd Trump faces another tournament newcomer . Grimsby 's Stuart Carrington , a player he faced frequently in the junior ranks , will provide his first opponent . The fourth Crucible novice this year is Scotland 's Anthony McGill , who plays fellow Glaswegian Stephen Maguire . The tournament runs from April 18 until May 4 .