A chartered surveyor who assaulted his 92-year-old mother at her house has been spared jail . He was sentenced by Judge Noel Lucas -LRB- above -RRB- at Guildford Crown Court . A chartered surveyor who assaulted his 92-year-old mother at her house while her live-in carer was out has been spared jail . Timothy Norris-Jones , who had previously attacked his mother on two occasions , left her with bruises on her face and a cut on her right wrist that needed stitches , a court heard . The 59-year-old told police the injuries were caused when she fell and said he had accidentally ` caught her face ' when he went to catch her in November last year . He was arrested after the victim 's carer returned home and called the police . His mother later told detectives : ` He just blew up . ` He was pushing my face and holding my wrists . I can remember I said : `` Stop this Tim , do n't do it '' . ' Norris-Jones was handed a restraining order banning him from spending any time alone with his mother for the rest of her life and from visiting her house in Guildford , Surrey . A forensic psychologist told the court that emotionally damaged Norris-Jones looked to his mother for support and ` lost his rag ' when she could not provide it . Judge Noel Lucas , sentencing , branded the attack ` horrific ' and added : ` It is pretty unforgivable to strike an elderly lady . ' He said : ` You gave your mother a systematic beating . ` If I had taken the view that your actions were anything other than those of an ill and weak man , I would now be sending you to prison for a substantial amount of time . ' Norris-Jones was handed a restraining order banning him from spending any time alone with his mother for the rest of her life and from visiting her house in Guildford , Surrey . Above , a picture of the street where the assault happened . ` I hope you are thoroughly ashamed of yourself . ' Nick Tucker , defending , said : ` It 's clear from her statement that -LSB- the victim -RSB- loves her son and she 's concerned for him , despite what she 's suffered . ` One of the reasons this is not only sad , but a difficult case , is that we ca n't confidently say why this happened . ` The defendant is unable to explain what triggered this or the previous assaults . ' Norris-Jones was handed a 20-month jail sentence , suspended for two years , at Guildford Crown Court -LRB- above -RRB- and will have to wear an electronic ankle bracelet enforcing a strict 12-month curfew . Norris-Jones , from Haddenham , Buckinghamshire , admitted two counts of ABH and was cleared of one count of GBH when he appeared at Guildford Crown Court . He was handed a 20-month jail sentence , suspended for two years , and will have to wear an electronic ankle bracelet enforcing a strict 12-month curfew . He was also ordered to pay £ 500 costs .