A Conservative party candidate has defended photographs which show him trying to lick a female friend 's breasts saying they were taken on a night out with friends and show him being a normal , sociable person . Liam Marshall-Ascough is standing to be an MP in Stoke-on-Trent central , which had a 5,500 Labour majority in 2010 , and is a traditional Labour stronghold . The candidate , who is gay , is pictured on the open profile of his Facebook page appearing to lick a female friend 's breasts . Underneath the picture a friend commented ` drunko ' . But Mr Marshall-Ascough has insisted the photos , taken seven years ago , just show him out having fun with close friends ` like a normal person ' and do not undermine his ability to do the job . He also said they show he is able to interact with people - important to the role of a politician . Liam Marshall-Ascough , pictured seven years ago on a night out with a close friend , insists the pictures show him enjoying himself like any normal person in their twenties and do not undermine his ability to do the job . ` You are still allowed to go out with your friends , ' he told MailOnline . ` I think it 's really important that you have a balance . You are not just about politics , but you actually interact with people . ` You can balance your social life and your professional life ' Other photographs show him out drinking and posing with several female friends under the title ` more random nights out ' , and with and colleagues at Virgin Atlantic where he works as a steward . Mr Marshall-Ascough is also seen posing with David Cameron and outside the front door of Number 10 , in pictures on the site . ` I 'm a normal person , ' he added in response to claims that some people felt the pictures showed a lack of judgement and responsibility . ` I grew up in a council house and I have a job that 's cabin crew . It 's a very sociable job and I 'm a very sociable person . ` I think that 's important . ` One of the things that I love about being cabin crew is you get to interact with people from every walk of life , and I think that 's really important to the job of a politician . ` People want politicians these days who are normal people . ' Mr Marshall-Ascough is a Conservative candidate for Stoke-on-Trent central , a traditional Labour stronghold . Several photographs show Mr Marshall-Ascough enjoyong nights out with his friends . Mr Marshall-Ascough , now 35 , said the pictures had been taken seven years ago when he was out with close friends and was enjoying himself like most people in their twenties . He also added that he is not drinking to excess in any of the pictures , or doing anything wrong . ` I do n't hide the fact I 'm a normal person , and people want politicians who are normal , ' he added . ` I 'm definitely not going out at the moment . I 'm too busy . ` You have to remember these pictures were taken in my twenties , when I was out like other people . Now I am in my thirties . ` Sometimes you make misjudgements when you are younger and you learn from these and grow up , using these experiences . ' Mr Marshall-Ascough said he is able to balance his personal and professional life to interact with people . The Crawley borough councillor has n't used any privacy settings on his social media profile , so the images are viewable by the public . The 35-year-old has also recently been seen on the campaign trail , supporting other Conservative party candidates . He faces a challenge to get elected in his constituency , which has been a Labour stronghold since the 1950s . His female friend , who appears in one of the photos but did not want to be named , said : ` It was taken seven years ago and it was harmless fun . It just happens to be a picture taken out of context . There was nothing untoward . It was all very innocent and Liam is a really professional person . ' Mr Marshall-Ascough courted controversy last year when he told his local newspaper that he did not believe there was a cost of living crisis . He said he felt an extra food bank was not needed in the borough because he believed there was no food poverty , as shown by the fact it was ` difficult ' to book a table in Crawley on a Friday or Saturday evening . Mr Marshall-Ascough , who studied Archaeology and History at the University of Southampton , made a start in politics in 2012 when he was elected to the council . He was picked as the Conservative party candidate for Stoke-on Trent in October last year and insisted he will not be standing down as a councillor for Southgate , where he has a seat until 2016 . He also insisted that residents of Southgate - located almost 200 miles from Stoke-on-Trent , will not suffer if he is elected as an MP . He described being chosen to stand as an MP as ` an honour and a privilege ' .