A teenager who allegedly played naked Twister with her mother during a drunken party has jumped to her mom 's defense on social media . The 16-year-old girl took to Twitter days after Rachel Lehnardt , 35 , was charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor following the incident at their Evans , Georgia home . The mom-of-five , who admitted to turning towards alcohol during her divorce , also allegedly had sex with a 18-year-old man in the bathroom during the party , used sex toys on herself in front of the youngsters and later awoke to find a 16-year-old having sex with her . But earlier this week , her daughter defended her actions , saying : ` Everyone makes mistakes . ' Defense : Rachel Lehnardt , left , was arrested for allegedly hosting a drunken party for her teenage daughter , right , and her friends . Her 16-year-old daughter has now come to her defense on Twitter . ` Yes my mom was arrested , ' the girl wrote on her Twitter account . ` Yes she made some mistakes . Yes she is an alcoholic . Yea I 've f *** ed up too . But nobody deserves this s *** . So stop . ' As other Twitter users bombarded her with messages , she fought back , saying that her mother ` used to be a great mom ' . ` Everyone screwed up at some point , ' she wrote . The teen also backed up her mother 's claim that she had been raped by the 16-year-old boy . Lehnardt has said she awoke to find the boy having sex with her and immediately threw him off . ` She was passed out drunk and he was wasted of his ass , ' the daughter wrote . ` She did n't have sex with a 16 year old she was raped by one -LSB- sic -RSB- . ' The teenager also denied that the boy was her boyfriend , as previously reported and claimed by Lehnardt 's lawyer . Following the incident , the girl 's paternal grandparents learned of the party and Lehnardt lost custody of her five children . In the days after , she researched local Alcoholics Anonymous groups and was linked with a sponsor in an effort to overcome her problems , her lawyer said . Fighting back : The teenager took to her Twitter page to fight back against online criticism about her mother . By her side : She insisted that her mother ` used to be a great mom ' . She has struggled with alcoholism . She denied her mother had sex with a 16-year-old and backed up her mother 's claim that she had been raped . She told her sponsor about what had led her to AA , including her divorce , the party and losing custody of her children , and the donor then contacted authorities about what she had learned . The sponsor said the mother had allowed teenagers to drink and smoke marijuana in front of her before they played the game of Twister and she had sex with an 18-year-old in the bathroom . She then allegedly returned and used her sex toys in front of the teenagers and showed her daughter photographs of her having sex with her boyfriend , Augusta Crime reported . Later , when she was asleep , she felt the 16-year-old having sex with her , the sponsor said . The girl later told her mother that she felt guilty because his 10-inch penis was too big for her , so he had to have sex with her mom instead , according to a police report . Lehnardt was arrested last Saturday . She posted $ 3,200 bond and was released from the Columbia County Detention Center . . Arrested : Lehnardt , pictured in her mug shot , was arrested after she told her AA sponsor about the incident and the sponsor then contacted authorities . Lehnardt said she is working to put it behind her . Struggles : She is pictured walking outside her Georgia home on Wednesday , several days after her arrest . Scene : After the party at her home in Evans , Georgia , pictured , she lost custody of her five children . Her daughter 's vehement defense comes as her mother also attempted to defend her actions in a lengthy statement through her lawyer on Thursday . According to the statement , Lehnardt had been a life-long follower of the Mormon church and had never touched a drop of alcohol before her split from her husband James , who was suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder when he returned from Iraq . But following their divorce last year , she began drinking and ultimately broke away from the church , where she had once been a Sunday school teacher , the lawyer said . The lawyer , Shawn Hammond , released a statement shared by Augusta Crime on Thursday , saying Lehnardt was ` extremely remorseful ' for what had happened . ` Mrs. Lehnardt acknowledges that due to recent alcohol abuse she engaged in several acts of inappropriate conduct , ' he said . ` Although , many of the allegations are exaggerated , she is extremely remorseful for what she allowed to occur in her presence and is obtaining professional and pastoral counseling to ensure that this conduct is never repeated . ' Video from KJBF . Split : Her lawyer said Lehnardt , who is a life-long Mormon , turned to drink after divorcing from her husband James Lehnardt , pictured right . He returned from Iraq with PTSD and was later discharged , the lawyer said . He denied that she had thrown the party for the teenagers or provided them with drugs , and said she would be fully cooperating with authorities . ` Mrs. Lehnardt has recommitted herself to her faith and her family , ' he continued . ` She is hopeful that her children , members of her faith and others will learn from her poor example as to just how easy it is for people to exercise such extremely poor judgment while intoxicated . ' He did not comment on the naked Twister , bathroom sex or sex toy allegations , and simply said reports of the incident had been exaggerated . While Lehnardt said she had been raped by the teenage boy , Sheriff 's spokesman Captain Steve Morris said there was no evidence of a crime and no charges are pending against the boy . No sexual crime charges have been filed against Lehnardt because 16 is the legal age of consent .