Frankie Dettori will be left to focus on the British Flat season this summer after boss Sheik Joaan Al Thani signed up Gregory Benoist to ride the horses which race under his Al Shaqab banner in France . The only exception will be Sheik Joaan 's dual Arc winner Treve , who will continue to be partnered by veteran Thierry Jarnet . Benoist is the only jockey to have ridden Elie Lellouche-trained Ectot , who was unplaced for Al Shaqab in last year 's Arc having gone into the race one of the leading fancies having won the Prix Niel . Frankie Dettori is to concentrate on the British flat season and not being picked to ride in France . The recruitment of Benoist could be seen as a snub for Dettori , who was replaced by Jarnet on Treve in the build-up to her Arc success . But Herbert insisted it was no longer logistically feasible to have one jockey covering both countries because Sheik Joaan 's operation has expanded so much . Herbert said : ` Last season it was feasible to keep travelling back and forth across the Channel but we have more horses this year -- 80 in France and almost 100 in Britain . ` It makes more sense to have a jockey based over there . Gregory Benoist is the rider signed up to race the Al Shaqab banner in France this summer . ` Frankie is happy with it and he will still ride British horses which we send to run in France . ` The contract has literally been signed today . We have a very good relationship with Gregory . Thierry Jarnet will still ride Treve - there is no point breaking up a partnership that works . ' Dettori finished third on Al Shaqab 's Moheet in yesterday 's Novae Bloodstock Craven Stakes at Newmarket . The Richard Hannon-trained colt , which had won its only previous race at Salisbury last year , showed signs of inexperience in a tactical affair won by his Richard Hughes-ridden , front-running stablemate Kool Kompany . Hannon , who runs both Ivawood and Estidhkaar in tomorrow 's Greenham Stakes at Newbury , said both his Craven colts could run in the Guineas but , interestingly , Hughes hinted that either the German or French versions , both run around a bend as opposed to a straight course , might suit length and a quarter winner Kool Kompany best . Sheikh Joaan Al Thani -LRB- centre -RRB- chose not to go with Dettori and insists that he 's happy with his choice . Most significant Guineas action possibly took place before racing started on the Rowley Mile when Charlie Hills-trained Acomb Stakes winner Connection put in a decent gallop under William Buick , who Hills hopes will ride his colt in the Classic back here on May 2 . Retiring champion jump jockey AP McCoy was unplaced on his final ride at Cheltenham when Milan Bound finished seventh in the handicap hurdle won by Aqalim . McCoy rides at Ayr for the next two days , including the mount on Paul Nicholls-trained Benvolio in Friday 's Scottish National . It is then likely he will not ride again until bowing out from the sport at Sandown 's end-of-season meeting on Saturday . AP McCoy -LRB- right -RRB- was unplaced at his last ride at Cheltenham but rides in the Scottish Grand National .