It used to be as much a part of a Sunday routine as eating a roast dinner or reading the papers . But new figures show that the art of washing your own car appears to be dying out in Britain with a thrid of men admitting they have never picked up a bucket or chamois leather to clean their own motor . The study also reveals that three-quarters of women never wash their own car with drivers more likely to take it to a car wash on a local forecourt . A new study has revealed that a third of men have never picked up a bucket and a chamois leather to wash their own car -LRB- file pic -RRB- . The survey of 1,100 adults by vehicle leasing firm OSV , found that 31 per cent of men have never washed their own car , with only 12 per cent of those that do saying they do it regularly . Meanwhile only five per cent of those surveyed said that had ever asked their children to wash the car , as a way for them to earn extra pocket money . Factors behind the decline vary from shops now opening on a Sunday and more live football on TV , meaning more people put off the chore at the weekend . The rise of hand car washes has been blamed for a decrease in drivers washing their own cars -LRB- file pic -RRB- . Other reasons given for not washing cars include the rise of hand car washes and the fact that 4x4 and off-road vehicles are too large to clean . Brits are more likely to wash their own car during the holidays as the recent Easter break saw an estimated 15 million cars cleaned by their owners . However , one in four said they only did it as an excuse to get out of the house . Cars are most likely to be washed by their owners every week in Birmingham , Chelmsford and Sheffield and least likely in Oxford , Bath and Edinburgh . Audis , Toyotas and BMWs are most likely to be washed by their owners and Range Rovers , Peugeots and Mercedes least often . OSV spokesman Andrew Kirkley said : ` A lot of us remember seeing our streets full of men cleaning their cars every Sunday . It was a national tradition . ` But let 's face it , we do n't have as much time any more , the cars are bigger and even the kids do n't seem to want to earn a bit of extra money doing it for us either . ` On top of that , there is now plenty of choice out there if you want to put the car through an automated machine or get a gang of enthusiastic guys to do it for you fairly cheaply . '