A mother of three has been jailed for a year after conning a D-Day veteran out of nearly £ 10,000 and leaving him too traumatised to leave his home . Beverley Davis was supposed to be helping to care for 89-year-old former Royal Marine Ray Warren but tricked him into handing over his bank cards to steal £ 9,164 over 42 transactions . Her actions left elderly Mr Warren so devastated that he lay in bed at night worrying about money and even stopped going out . Beverley Davis , pictured , pleaded guilty of duping a Royal Marine war veteran out of almost £ 10,000 . The 35-year-old mother-of-three used Ray Warren 's bank cards to buy Chinese takeaways , pay for creche fees and even clear some of her mortgage arrears after she gained his trust while working as a carer in his home . He died just five months after her crime was discovered and his daughter Elaine Symonds said Davis , 35 , got what she deserved . The 58-year-old , from Norwich , Norfolk , said : ` He just gave up on life , he just could n't believe someone would do this to him . ` She robbed me of my dad . He stopped going out , he was so scared . ` I 'll never be able to forgive her -- she needs to realise she ca n't do this to people . ' Davis first won Mr Warren 's trust by helping him with his shopping and chores at home , Portsmouth Crown Court heard . He had lent her £ 6,000 - which she had never paid back - and also paid her £ 30 a week for helping around the house . Prosecutor Martyn Booth said : ` He had the usual struggles of people of that age , because of that he relied quite heavily on neighbours and friends to assist him in his day-to-day routines . ` This defendant also began to help in a small way and would do his shopping . '' But the pensioner realised something was wrong when his bank Santander contacted him to say he had insufficient funds in his bank account to pay for items he had tried to buy . He expected to have around £ 6,000 in the account and was immediately suspicious of Davis , who had duped him into handing over his cards by saying the bank needed to see them . Mr Warren and his daughter then went through his accounts and discovered cash had been spent on Amazon and eBay . A number of the transactions Davis paid to Paypal were also in the name of her children and to a family centre . In total Davis , of Havant , Hampshire , made 42 transactions from both accounts between December 19 , 2013 and February 10 , 2014 . Davis - who cried throughout the hearing - spent cash on Chinese takeaways , Amazon , eBay , children 's nursery fees , insurance and on mortgage arrears payments . But when questioned by police she claimed her vulnerable victim was confused and a drinker . Portsmouth Crown Court , pictured , heard Mr Warren paid Davis £ 30-a-week to help him around the house . Mr Booth told the court she changed her story in four interviews and said : ` She changed her position saying she knew nothing about these things . ` She then said she had used some of the card details from Mr Warren and it must have been done by mistake . ` She suggested that he gave her permission to buy some of these things . ` She said he must have been confused and he was a drinker . ' But Mr Warren was described by his GP as being of sound mind and was lucid despite his age . Mr Booth added : ` He was somebody who was competent and that 's a view shared by the police who investigated these events . ' Police investigating Davis also uncovered a second scam where she spent £ 1,046 using card details from a customer at a shop she worked at . Her victim Tanya Saliba , from Havant , Hampshire , said she spotted the cash was missing and thought she had not been paid . The 46-year-old nurse said she agreed with the judge 's sentence and added : ` If she had done it the once , perhaps -- but she did n't , she did it to a vulnerable old man too . ` She knew what she was doing . ' Davis admitted five charges of fraud at Portsmouth Magistrates ' Court in February and has now been jailed for 12 months . Her three children will be looked after by her family and she will be released on licence after six months .