New York Mayor Bill de Blasio says he wants to see an outlined vision of where Hillary Clinton plans to go before giving up an endorsement for her presidential campaign . As campaign manager for Clinton 's successful 2000 Senate run , de Blasio said on Sunday it is important for her to define her campaign message , and that he wants to see her vision for addressing income inequality . ` Not until I see -- and again , I would say this about any candidate -- until I see an actual vision of where they want to go , ' de Blasio told NBC 's Meet the Press about an possible endorsement for Clinton . ` I think she 's a tremendous public servant . I think she is one of the most qualified people to ever run for this office . And by the way , thoroughly vetted , we can say that . But we need to see the substance . ' Scroll down for video . New York Mayor Bill de Blasio says he wants to see an outlined vision of where Hillary Clinton plans to go with before giving up an endorsement . He also said he wants to see her vision for addressing income inequality . As campaign manager for Clinton 's successful 2000 Senate run , de Blasio said on Sunday it is important for Clinton to define her campaign message -LRB- Clinton and de Blasio pictured together at the Wildlife Conservation Society Gala in June 2014 -RRB- . While he said Clinton has a very progressive history , which is seen through her work with children and families , he noted that the income inequality in the U.S. is ` out of control ' and that it has to be addressed by candidates . ' -LSB- A plan -RSB- has to include progressive taxation . It has to include increases in wages and benefits . It has to include the willingness to tax the wealthy so we can invest infrastructure , so we can invest in education again , ' de Blasio told NBC . ` That 's what I think progressives and everyday Americans will be looking for from Hillary and all other candidate . ' De Blasio said that Clinton 's work that proved to be successful during her 2000 Senate run would be repeated in 2016 - highlighting her previous efforts to effectively listen to what was happening to everyday people . He said that going into this year as a candidate , Clinton has a ` tremendous opportunity ' to present a progressive vision as a result of how different circumstances are compared to when she ran in 2008 - with the economic crisis that impacted so many Americans . De Blasio also noted that a lot of the work that proved to be successful from her 2000 Senate bid would be repeated this year , citing her efforts to listen to what was happening to everyday people . ` I think that 's going to be more necessary this year than ever before , because people in this country are hurting , ' said de Blasio . ` The Great Recession set people back on their heels in a way we have not seen in decades and decades . ` I think it 's important for Hillary to hear those stories of the American people . I think it will make her a stronger candidate . '