It was Ava Gardner 's ` little London retreat ' and now a slice of it could be yours for an eye-watering £ 500,000 per year . The Hollywood siren called the building , just a short walk from Harrods in London 's exclusive Knightsbridge , home until her death in 1990 . Now this newly refurbished five bedroom , five bathroom apartment gives renters the chance to walk in the footsteps of the legendary screen star . Spread over 3,054 square feet it boasts two spacious reception rooms , a study and a modern state-of-the art kitchen and breakfast room . Scroll down for video . Ava Gardner called 34 Ennismore Gardens her ` little London retreat ' and now a slice of it could be yours for £ 10,500 per week . Through the key hole : The apartment features two stunning reception rooms and renters can boast that the buildings corridors were once graced by the screen icon . Luxury : The apartment , which is a short walk from Harrods and Hyde Park , boasts a total of five bedrooms and five bathrooms . Screen icon : Ava Gardner pictured with a cigarette in hand looks happy and relaxed in her ` little London retreat ' The beauty , who was the second wife of crooner Frank Sinatra , moved to London in 1968 and made 34 Ennismore Gardens her primary residence for over 20 years . She once said of the property : ` I love the history and grandeur of my little London retreat , some say it is too big for me alone , but I love the space . ' The grand apartment , in the same building where Gardner lived , is entered through a sweeping entrance hall . The master bedroom suite has walk in wardrobes and there are also two further bedroom suites and two guest bedrooms . The apartment has views of beautiful private gardens and renters will also enjoy access to the large private garden square . Reaching the pinnacle of Hollywood fame in the 1950s , Gardner was listed 25th among the American Film Institute 's Greatest Female Stars . She starred in films such as The Killers , 55 Days at Peking and The Night of the Iguana . The pin-up girl of her era , Gardner had high-profile marriages to Mickey Rooney and Frank Sinatra ; and it was her marriage to Sinatra that was credited for his Oscar-winning performance in From Here to Eternity , which re-launched his singing career . The apartment in her building is being offered for rent by Tunstall Property for £ 10,500 per week , which equates to £ 546,000 per year . The homes along Ennismore Gardens have a long history , built in 1870 as part of the redevelopment of Kingston House , a Palladian mansion dating back to the 18th Century , belonging to Elizabeth Chudleigh , Duchess of Kingston . Dinning in style : Spread over 3,054 square feet it boasts two spacious reception rooms , a study and a modern state-of-the art kitchen and breakfast room . State-of-the art : A sleek and modern kitchen has been created within the building which dates back to 1870 . Brush with Hollywood : The spacious and luxurious bathroom features marble topped sinks and bath . Room with a view : The apartment provides views onto private gardens at the front and rear of the building , with residents enjoying access to the large private garden square on Ennismore Gardens . Tasteful : Another of the apartments five bedrooms decorated in neutral shades of grey . Screen siren : The Hollywood actress was the second wife of singer Frank Sinatra . Their union only lasted two years because they were both ` high-strung people ' , Gardner later claimed . The mansion and its estate was later sold to William Hare , Baron of Ennismore , in 1837 , but was sold off for development following his death , with the street and private gardens named to commemorate him . Once completed the five-storey homes along Ennismore Gardens , designed with Porticos and Corinthian Columns , commanded a premium of £ 17,000 per year . Mark Tunstall , Managing Director of Tunstall Property , commented : ` This property is just steeped in history , with corridors once graced by Ava Gardner . It is in a quiet yet well-connected pocket of prime central London and with five bedrooms provides space for all the family . ` The location is hard to beat , with Hyde Park and Harrods on the doorstep , as well as the Royal Albert Hall and museums and bistros of South Kensington a short stroll away . This home meets every requirement , providing ; space , amenities and location . '