The girlfriend of a teenager with a life-threatening tumour has spoken of how his condition has left him paralysed and unable to dress himself . Jahnae Jackson has put her psychology studies on hold in order to care for her long-term boyfriend , Jackson Byrnes after he was diagnosed with a stage four brain tumour four weeks ago . The 18-year-olds from northern NSW have raised over $ 80,000 from community generosity for his life-saving surgery to be performed on Wednesday by renowned neurosurgeon Dr. Charlie Teo . ` He 's already paralysed and I have to help him do many things , including dress him ' Jahnae told Daily Mail Australia . Jackson 's girlfriend Jahnae Jackson -LRB- right -RRB- noticed he had developed a lump three weeks ago and prompted him to visit a doctor who requested an MRI . For the past week Jackson and girlfriend have been desperately raising the sum needed to pay the hospital . Jahnae knew they needed a second opinion , so she hunted online for specialist who was willing . Three weeks ago Jackson was told by doctors that the tumour was too deep and aggressive to be safely operated on . Jahnae knew they needed a second opinion , so she hunted online for a specialist who was willing to perform Jackson 's urgent surgery and that 's when she found Dr. Charlie Teo from The Prince of Wales Hospital in Sydney . ` I had to be positive for Jackson as I knew there was always a way to help , ' she said . On Monday morning they reached the target on their GoFundMe page , and although they still need an additional $ 45,000 to cover chemotherapy and other hospital fees , they are overwhelmed by the community support from the small town of Casino in northern NSW . ` It 's absolutely unbelievable that a small town can do so much , ' Jahnae said . ` It makes us feel so much better . ' Although Jackson 's surgery is likely to save his life , he still has a long road of rehabilitation in front of him as he will be left paralysed for some time . ` I was devastated when I found out , but I could n't really react , ' she said . The 18-year-old completed school at the end of last year and admits she wanted to go to university to study psychology or social work but has put it off due to Jackson 's condition . ` I 'd rather help my boyfriend out and worry about university later , ' she said . Although Jackson 's surgery is likely to save his life , he still has a long road of rehabilitation in front of him as he will be left paralysed for some time . Jackson said he has no nerves for the operation and instead wants to get it over and done with . After desperately fundraising for a week and finally reaching his goal , Jackson said he has no nerves for the operation . ` I just want to get in there and get it over and done with , ' Jackson told Daily Mail Australia . ` I 'm just really thankful to the community as I did n't think we would raise this much money , it all happened so quickly . ' Dr Teo , director of Sydney 's Centre for Minimally Invasive Neurosurgery , said other surgeons were technically able to perform the surgery but he was the only one prepared to do it . ` People think that it 's futile because he 's got a malignant tumour and it 's very aggressive , ' Dr Teo told Daily Mail Australia . ` There 's significant weakness down his left side and they think his quality of life is such that he would n't want to live anyway . ' But Dr Teo said he makes decisions based on what his patients want . For the past week Jackson 's family and friends have been desperately trying to raise $ 80,000 needed to pay the hospital upfront for the risky surgery . Jackson Byrnes was diagnosed with a stage four tumour three weeks ago and needed $ 80,000 for surgery . Jackson 's mother Rhonda Byrnes said she was overwhelmed by the support and money raised by the community on his GoFundMe page , but said the family still needed more . ` If a patient really wants it and knows the risks and understands how risky the operation is I 'll usually respect the patient 's wishes , ' he said . ` He is a lovely boy and he 's only young . ` I said `` You know you 're going to be paralysed '' , I 've told him the worst case scenario . ` He understands that and he wants to live . ' Dr Teo will try to remove 95 per cent of the tumour , which has extended to very sensitive part of the brain . Dr Teo said the $ 80,000 payment required for the surgery was standard . Renowned neurosurgeon Dr Charlie Teo is the only surgeon in Australia willing to perform the risky operation that will likely see Jackson paralysed . Jahnae is currently in Sydney with Jackson and his family , preparing for his surgery on Wednesday . ` Most boys his age begin their journey into adulthood with hopes , dreams and anticipation of what lies ahead and excitement of the endless opportunities of what life will bring them , ' Mr Byrne 's fundraising page on GoFundMe reads . ` It is not a time to be enduring a fight for your life . ' Victorian finance , leasing and risk management company Morris Finance have made the largest donation to the cause by pledging $ 2000 . Jahnae is currently in Sydney with Jackson and his family , preparing for his surgery on Wednesday . ` He needs to get some scans on Tuesday and then they will schedule his surgery for the next day , ' she said . ` We are all positive . '