April Fool 's pranks are meant to be a bit of light-hearted fun , intended to trigger smiles of embarrassment . But one grandfather unexpectedly reduced his grandchildren to floods of tears yesterday with his practical joke . Randy Johnston , 68 , from Dallas , Texas , decided to leave two ` fake poops ' on his granddaughters ' beds . His son then went about filming the moment of discovery . But footage shows that the prank turned out to be decidedly disastrous , with Randy 's six-year-old granddaughter Porter getting red-faced and dramatically crying in horror . Scroll down for video . Caught on camera : Randy Johnston , 68 , from Dallas , Texas , decided to leave two ` fake poops ' on his granddaughters ' beds - His then went about filming the moment of discovery . Waterworks : But footage shows that the prank turned out to be decidedly disastrous , with his six-year-old granddaughter Porter getting red-faced and dramatically crying in horror . ` Oh no ! Duncan , he pooped on my bed ! ' Porter wails , referencing her pet dog . Her father immediately tries to put a stop to the waterworks . ` Honey , honey , wait . It 's not real poop . Look , it 's pretend . Papa got you ... April Fool 's , papa did this . It 's pretend , he got you ! ' the cameraman says . He then tells Porter to smile because he 's filming and does n't want to see her sad . ` Oh honey , smile ! ' he encourages . Not happy : ` Oh no ! Duncan , he pooped on my bed ! ' Porter wails , referencing her pet dog . Do n't be a party pooper : The cameraman tells Porter to smile because he does n't want to see her sad . Prankster : Randy 's April Fool 's day trick turn a tearful turn this year . Randy , an attorney , told Daily Mail Online that he staged the prank in revenge for one his granddaughters pulled on him earlier in the day . Porter and her younger sister Reagan , aged three , filled there grandfather 's office with dozens of stuffed animals and dolls so his desk was barely visible . Apparently the youngsters ' father is a big practical joker . And by the looks of their April Fool 's antics , it looks like Porter and Reagan are set to inherit the ` funnyman ' trait . Let 's just hope they learn to smile when the shoe 's on the other foot . What a mess : Randy , who runs a law firm , told Daily Mail Online that he staged the prank in revenge for one his granddaughters pulled on him earlier in the day . Up to no good : Porter and her younger sister Reagan Johnston , aged three , filled there grandfather 's office with dozens of stuffed animals and dolls so his desk was barely visible .