It was only three months ago that they realised their dream of having their first child . Now Luke Harris and Daryl Lee are celebrating the birth of their second baby . And the gay couple are due to become fathers for the third time in just a few weeks after controversially enlisting the help of three surrogate mothers . Scroll down for video . Luke Harris and Daryl Lee , from Surrey , had their first child three months ago and are now preparing to welcome their third baby into the world after enlisting the help of three surrogate mothers . Pictured -LRB- from left -RRB- : Pregnant surrogate Becky Harris , Mr Lee with son Phoenix Harris and his surrogate mother Bex Harris -LRB- behind -RRB- , Mr Harris holding daughter Willow-Star and her surrogate mother Viktoria Ellis -LRB- right -RRB- . The couple , who met in 1999 and became civil partners in 2012 , celebrated the birth of their first child , son Phoenix Blue -LRB- left with Mr Harris -RRB- , on January 14 . They welcomed daughter Willow-Star -LRB- right with Mr Lee -RRB- after surrogate Viktoria Ellis gave birth on February 25 . Phoenix Blue -LRB- left -RRB- was born naturally after a 16-hour induced labour , weighing 7 lb 15oz , while Willow-Star was born a healthy 7 lb at surrogate Viktoria Ellis 's home after a 25-minute labour that was so quick the dads ' were woken by a text saying : ` Your girl is here ! ' Showing off baby number two for the first time , the civil partners told how their rapidly expanding brood has left them exhausted but elated . The latest addition is daughter Willow-Star Shirley Harris-Lee . She was born a healthy 7 lb at surrogate mother Viktoria Ellis 's home on February 25 -- after a 25-minute labour that was so quick the gay dads ' were woken by a text message saying : ` Your little girl is here ! ' First child Phoenix Blue Harris-Lee -- a boy -- was born naturally on January 14 after a 16-hour induced labour , weighing 7 lb 15oz . His surrogate mother was Bex Harris , Viktoria 's best friend . Baby number three -- known to be a boy -- is being carried by Bex 's sister-in-law Becky Harris and is due in July . The birth will mean Mr Harris -- who is not related to the two mothers -- and Mr Lee will have completed their family of three within seven months . Mr Harris , 51 , a computer programmer from Surrey , said : ` Going from having an empty home to having two precious babies in a such a short period has been a whirlwind , but even after weeks of feeding on demand we feel overjoyed . ` We are relishing every moment of becoming dads . We spent 15 years fearing we 'd never be able to have children , so while at times , as every parent knows , you are completely knackered , the sense of elation far outweighs any negatives . ' He described becoming fathers as ` life-affirming and life-changing ' for himself and Mr Lee , 41 , a dentist . ` We now truly understand what unconditional love means -- the only downside is that we do n't go to the pub any more ! ' said Mr Harris . ` We now do n't look at ourselves as a couple , we are a family unit , and fiercely protective of our little clan . ' Mr Harris , 51 , a computer programmer -LRB- pictured left holding Willow-Star -RRB- , described becoming fathers as ` life-affirming and life-changing ' for himself and Mr Lee , 41 , a dentist -LRB- right with Phoenix Blue -RRB- . He said : ` Having two babies in a such a short period has been a whirlwind ' Happy families : Pictured from left to right , Bex Harris , Daryl Lee holding Phoenix , Luke Harris with Willow-Star and Viktoria Ellis . Phoenix -LRB- left -RRB- and Willow-Star -LRB- right -RRB- will soon be joined by another sibling when surrogate Becky Harris gives birth to a boy in July . Phoenix -LRB- right -RRB- was born using Bex Harris 's eggs and Mr Lee 's sperm while Willow-Star -LRB- left -RRB- was created using Viktoria 's eggs and Mr Harris 's sperm , meaning they are not biologically connected . The couple 's third child , yet to be born , was created using Mr Lee 's sperm . Willow-Star was delivered by Viktoria 's neighbour in Suffolk , who happens to be Bex 's mother , Karen Harris , who also runs the internet surrogacy forum where the women and fathers met . Mr Harris and Mr Lee drove there as soon as they could . ` When we arrived at Viktoria 's house our beautiful daughter was snuggled up in blankets , looking so tiny and vulnerable and she was absolutely perfect in every way , ' Mr Harris said . After a hospital check-up , the couple took Willow home to meet Phoenix , who was born using Bex 's eggs and Mr Lee 's sperm . As Willow was created using Viktoria 's eggs and Mr Harris 's sperm , they are not biologically connected . The couple looked into adoption before deciding to have children using surrogates , after reading about Sir Elton John and David Furnish becoming fathers through surrogacy . After the birth of their third child , the couple will have become a family of three in seven months . Their most recent child is daughter Willow-Star who was born via surrogate Viktoria Ellis -LRB- centre holding Willow -RRB- . Mr Lee -LRB- pictured right holding 11-week-old Phoenix -RRB- and Mr Harris said they were a little daunted by the prospect of a third child but will take it in their stride . Mr Lee -LRB- pictured left with Willow-Star -RRB- and Mr Harris -LRB- right with Phoenix -RRB- , who met in 1999 before becoming civil partners in 2012 , said : ` While we may not meet some people 's idea of a traditional family , all our children will be cherished in a stable , loving environment ' Mr Harris said : ` As far as we 're concerned Phoenix -LRB- left -RRB- and Willow-Star -LRB- right -RRB- are brother and sister and that 's how they 'll be brought up ' The couple 's , as yet unborn , son was created using Mr Lee 's sperm , meaning he will be Phoenix 's half-brother . But Mr Harris said : ` As far as we 're concerned Phoenix and Willow-Star are brother and sister and that 's how they 'll be brought up . ` While we may not meet some people 's idea of a traditional family , all our children will be cherished in a stable , loving environment . ' The couple met in 1999 and became civil partners in 2012 . They looked into adoption before deciding to have children using surrogate mothers , after reading about Sir Elton John and David Furnish becoming fathers through surrogacy . Mr Lee admits to being a little daunted over the arrival of a third baby but says : ` We have no doubt we will take it all in our stride . '