A mother-of-one crippled by her 30-year phobia of snakes was cured live on TV today in an astonishing ten minutes . Before today , Dawn Williamson , 39 and based in Scotland , could not even confront a plastic snake without panicking , and would obsessively check her toilet for the reptiles every day . But viewers of ITV1 's This Morning were amazed as therapists Nik and Eva Speakman broke down Dawn 's phobia with their no-nonsense approach , which involved ` proving ' to Dawn that her fear was irrational . Trimuph : Dawn Williamson -LRB- centre -RRB- , 39 , was cured of her crippling snake phobia live on TV today by therapists Nik and Eva Speakman in an astonishing ten minutes . At the beginning of the show , Dawn - who was hooked up to a heart monitor throughout - broke down in tears at the mere sight of a plastic snake , which sent her heart rate soaring . By the end of the show she was able to touch a real-life 9ft Burmese python as it stretched out across her lap , leaving hosts Philip Schofield and Amanda Holden gob-smacked . ` It 's a miracle , ' Amanda said . ` The results have been absolutely extraordinary . ' Dawn , who is now able to take her seven-year-old daughter on a dream holiday to Florida later this year thanks to her treatment , said : ` All my life I 've been terrified of snakes . ` But to sit down with one on my knee is just unbelievable . ' The Speakmans have now helped 60 people overcome there fears and phobias live on TV , from balloons and snowmen , to frogs and spiders . But today 's was the first time viewers have been able to see the process in action . Lifelong phobia : Dawn had been petrified of snakes ever since she watched B-movie Venom when she was seven years old . Therapy : When presented with a tray of plastic snakes -LRB- pictured -RRB- she shook with fear and broke down in tears . Nik said : ` Usually we 'll go into another room away from the cameras , and spend a bit more time with the person and it can take a fair amount of time . ` But this time we spent just ten minutes going through it with Dawn , so viewers can see how we did it . It was very special as Dawn was the 60th person we 've treated . We were thrilled at the result . ' The Speakmans had never met Dawn , from Scotland until five minutes before the show and knew nothing about her phobia until they saw a VT recorded in Dawn 's home , showing how her life was being blighted by her phobia , known as ophidiophobia . Dawn had been petrified of snakes ever since she watched B-movie Venom when she was seven years old , she explained . ` If I see a snake on TV , I immediately have to get my feet up , the TV turned over . Then I 'll go to bed that night I 'll be checking under the covers . ` I also check in the wardrobe where we keep all the shoes because you just never know , they could be hiding in there . I 'll check in my boots , give them a wee shake , make sure there 's nothing in there . ' Obsessive : Dawn used to compulsively check her home for snakes , and would frequently shake her boots to make sure they were n't hiding any . Philip asked her : ` Do you find it irrational ? I do n't know when a snake was last found in a loo in Scotland . ' Dawn replied : ` Yes . But I read a story in a newspaper once that someone had found a pet snake in the toilet , so ever since then I 've checked . ' Dawn was then asked by Philip to scribble down the word snake on a piece of paper - sending her heart rate soaring from 90 to over 130 . She was also shown clips of Carl Fogerty with a snake slithering over him in the I 'm A Celebrity jungle , as well as having to confront a tray of plastic toy snakes which made Dawn shake with fear and break down in tears . Eva continued the session by getting Dawn to concede that her fear of snakes was indeed irrational , before pointing out the irony that in hunting for snakes around the house , she was seeking out her fear . Irrational ? Dawn also used to check under the loo seat every time she was about to use it , despite living in Scotland , which is not known for it 's teeming serpent population . ` What 's happened is that you watched a film when you were seven years old and you reacted and created a schema , ' Eva explained . ` The reason you now react irrationally is because you 're actually consulting a seven-year-old on how to react when you see a snake . ' Dawn was then asked to talk about Venom , the horror movie which ignited her fear of snakes in the first place , in which a snake kills everyone involved . Nik then asked : ` So just from that one event , watching that film you 're frightened of snakes ? ` You 've been scratched by your cat but you 're not frightened of it . What 's a snake ever done to you ? ' He added : ` You 're frightened of something that 's never hurt you , something that you 've never physically held , that you only saw in a film when you were seven years of age . Does that make sense ? ` Essentially , for 30 years , you have victimised snakes for no reason at all . ' Relief : After accepting that her fear of snakes was irrational , Dawn was able to touch a real-life 9ft Burmese python as it stretched out across her lap . Logic : Eva -LRB- right -RRB- explained that it was essential to their techniques that the person being treated can feel the difference and see the evidence for themselves that they have overcome their fear . The Speakmans then held up a series of pictures of snakes to test Dawn 's reaction . To everyone 's amazement she remained calm and said : ` I can look at it . ' Nik remarked : ` This is the difference between seeing a snake through the eyes of a 30-odd year-old woman and not a seven-year-old child . You 're looking confused right now . ` That 's because you 've spent 30 years believing something that essentially is not true . ' Dawn was then presented with a tank of live snakes , and admitted that although ` bizarre ' , she was no longer has a phobia of them . At the end of the show , producers brought out a giant , 9ft-long Burmese python which laid across the laps of Dawn and The Speakman 's , with Dawn stroking the python . Remarkably , her heart rate stayed below 100 . ` I never thought I 'd be able to hold one , ' she said . Eva explained that it was essential to their techniques that the person being treated can feel the difference and see the evidence for themselves that they have overcome their fear . She added : ` It 's about proving to the person that their fears are completely irrational . '