This is the spectacular moment a goose narrowly avoids a snapping fox 's jaw after the sly animal had given an almighty leap in a bid to take down the large bird . However despite the fox 's best efforts to capture the Canadian goose - it only came away with a single feather . The action-packed photographs were captured by Roger Byng , 67 , on the Wetlands surrounding the Severn estuary in Slimbridge , Gloucester . Lunch ! The hungry fox races across the grass towards the large Canada goose ... Launch ! He is poised to take off as his startled prey takes flight ... Mr Byng , from Bristol , was in a hide ` with the intention of photographing small British birds , such as Bullfinches , Long-tailed Tits and Wrens as part of a relaxing day 's photography . ' However Mr Byng 's relaxing day 's photography came to an explosive end after he noticed a charging fox out of the corner of his eye . ` I suddenly saw it break into a run towards the geese so I quickly moved my camera and lens to focus on the fox , ' explained the married Grandfather-of-nine . ` I had no time to change any settings on my camera but managed to capture the action as he tried to take down the goose . ' Gotcha ! The fox leaps but his jaws snap shut a fraction too late to bring down the bird . Escape : The goose manages to take flight leaving the hungry fox in its wake . The retired security installer described how the fox came so close to what surely would be a grand catch for an animal that is roughly the same size as its prey . ` The fox was on a search for food , evidently being hungry enough to tackle a large goose . ` It broke into a run in an effort to take one of the geese , who at the last moment caught sight of his approach . ` Whilst one of the geese clears the grass and rises into the air quite quickly , the other one was slower to rise enabling the fox to get close . Spitting feathers ! The unsuccessful fox drops back down to earth . ` It jumped into the air to make a grab , with jaws open and teeth displayed . It is the good fortune of the goose that he gained just sufficient height that the fox was only able to get a bite on his tail feathers . ` The fox came away with a single feather , whilst the goose escaped with a squawk ! ' The wetlands that the pictures were taken on are managed by the Wildfowl and Wetlands Trust and can be accessed by paying a small fee or by taking out an annual membership granting you entry to all of the sites in the UK . Mr Byng adds : ` Slimbridge is a wonderful location for witnessing the activity of a large number of birds and wildlife , including migratory species such as Bewick Swans . '