A loving father has helped his seven-year-old son , who suffers from a congenital heart defect , to view his surgery scars as beautiful marks of bravery by proudly sharing a photo of the boy 's battle wounds online . When Mark Gentle , from Farmington , Maine , found his son Carter sobbing because he thought that the scar from his fifth open-heart surgery - an emergency procedure to repair his pacemaker - was ` ugly ' , the concerned dad posted a snapshot of the little boy 's chest to his Facebook account in the hopes of generating some wider support and , in turn boost Carter 's confidence . ` We told him that his scars are beautiful and make him look like a superhero . How many likes can Carter get for his bravery ? ' Mark wrote alongside the picture , which has received nearly 1.5 million likes since it was posted on April 11 . Brave boy : Mark Gentle shared this photo of his seven-year-old son Carter modeling his open-heart surgery scars on Facebook after he found his son crying over his physical appearance . Dedicated dad : The father-of-three hoped to boost Carter 's confidence by posting the picture , which has received nearly 1.5 million since it was posted last week . Mark , who only expected likes and comments from his Facebook friends , told Today that he and his wife Sarah were amazed when the photo received 200,000 likes in the first day . The overwhelming response prompted Mark to turn up the volume on his cell phone and remind Carter that every beep he heard should serve as a sign that someone was supporting his bravery . ` He would look at me with these big eyes each time and say , `` Dad , is that for me again ? '' ' Mark said . ` It 's been a huge confidence booster and it has been therapeutic for Carter . ' Mark explained that when his son first removed his bandages ` he went down to the bathroom to look in the mirror and he just started sobbing ' . Feeling better : Carter , who has a congenital heart defect , can be seen showing off one of the scars on his chest . His most recent surgery was an emergency procedure to repair his pacemaker . Real fighter : The seven-year-old boy has had five open-heart surgeries since he was born . Support system : Carter 's dad Marke can be seen holding his son 's hand in the hospital as he sleeps . ` He said , `` People are going to think I 'm ugly . My scars look horrible , '' ' he recalled . ` As a parent , it just tears your heart out . As much as that kid 's been through , the last thing I ever want him to worry about is scars . ' Mark told Carter that ` his scars are what makes him , him ' , while explaining there are a lot of people who have them . And thanks to his dad , Carter is seeing his scars in a new light - especially after thousands of commenters have written him words of support , while others have shared photos of their own scars . ` Do n't worry buddy scars are pretty cool and chicks will dig them . ` You are not ugly . You are a very handsome little man , ' wrote Jessyka Champaigne , who also posted a snapshot of one of her own battle wounds . Sleepy boy : After surgery , Carter 's chest scar was covered with superhero stickers . Say cheese : Carter smiled for the camera has he pushed his IV drip during one of his hospital stays . Family moment : Mark and his wife Sarah posed for this photo while Carter was in the hospital . She continued : ` Keep your head up . I 've had 12 surgeries and counting , this one is my biggest scar -LRB- goes down my back -RRB- -LSB- and I -RSB- wear it proudly . You 're tough . ' Another woman added : ` I have MANY scars from a horrible accident . They show the world how strong and brave you are , so I am proud of them . I wear them with pride . We can overcome anything . ' Meanwhile , someone else commented : ` You do look like a superhero ! ' ` His scars are what makes him , him , ' Carter 's dad noted . ` They show everybody what he 's overcome and that he was stronger than the disease that tried to kill him . '