Liverpool winger Raheem Sterling is no stranger to the back pages , but he hit the headlines again for all the wrong reasons on Sunday after he was allegedly pictured smoking a shisha pipe . In a photograph revealed by the Sunday Mirror , the 20-year-old is seen taking a drag from the large orange pipe -- containing fruit-scented tobacco and smoked through hot coals via a tube -- in a picture published in the Sunday Mirror . Sterling recently snubbed a new £ 100,000-a-week contract at Anfield amid fears he could leave the club this summer . Liverpool midfielder Raheem Sterling can be seen pictured on social media whilst smoking a shisha pipe . The 20-year-old -LRB- second right -RRB- recently snubbed a £ 100,000-a-week contract offer from the Merseyside club . The England international -LRB- right -RRB- played in the Red 's FA Cup quarter final win over Blackburn on Wednesday . Sterling , who has 14 caps for England , was snapped on a social media site with the picture captioned ` 1 down 3 to go ' , suggesting there was more puffing in store for the youngster that night . It is said that one single shisha session is equal to smoking around 200 cigarettes . Having already irked certain Reds fans for refusing to dedicate his immediate future to Brendan Rodgers ' team after being offered the improved contract offer , he could again cut an unpopular figure for putting his health at risk during the Merseysiders ' run in to fight for a top four place in the Premier League . Sterling -LRB- second right -RRB- attended the launch of the 2015-16 Liverpool kit at Anfield on Friday afternoon . There was a large turnout for the launch of the new kit , which will be worn throughout the 2015-16 season . On the The British Heart Foundation website it clearly states : ` Like cigarettes -LSB- shisha -RSB- contains nicotine , tar , carbon monoxide and heavy metals , such as arsenic and lead . ' However Sterling is not the first England international to be caught indulging himself in the increasingly popular fad . Jack Wilshere became embroiled in his third smoking controversy in 15 months after a picture emerged of the Arsenal midfielder holding a shisha pipe at a nightclub in February . The 23-year-old was recovering from ankle surgery after sustaining an injury during a defeat by Manchester United in November last year . Choosing to keep his disciplinary plans private at the time of Wilshere 's misdemeanour , Gunners boss Arsene Wenger was clear about his views on players that choose inhale potentially harmful substances . England and Arsenal midfielder Jack Wilshere -LRB- right -RRB- was involved in a smoking controversy back in February . ` I disagree completely with that behaviour , ' the Frenchman said . ` When you 're a football player you are an example and as well you do n't do what damages your health . ` When you go out socially -LSB- and smoke -RSB- you as well damage your reputation as an example . ' Depending on the result in the Manchester derby on Sunday afternoon , Sterling and his Liverpool team-mates could close the gap between themselves and fourth placed Manchester City to four points if the Blues fall to their local rivals and if they defeat Newcastle on Monday .