A woman who chartered her own weightloss success with body selfies found it so beneficial , she launched an app offering others the chance to do the same thing . Charlotte Li , 26 , from London , decided to design Healthy Selfie with her husband Joe after they both achieved incredible results taking photos of their bodies while on a health kick . She said the idea for it came after an over-indulgent Christmas left her feeling ` fat and unhealthy ' . Scroll down for video . Charlotte reveals how taking selfies helped her to stay motivated to get fit and stay in shape . Charlotte said : ` With no holidays on the horizon and hence no impending bikini body exposure to panic about , we needed something else to give us some motivation to get in the gym . ` That motivation came in the form of stripping down to my bra and pants , and taking my first body selfie . ` I was by no means overweight , however , by looking at my body objectively , I was n't happy with what I saw and I decided I needed to make a change . ` I started a new fitness programme , and started eating reasonably healthily . ' Joe also charted his own success through a series of selfies before he and Charlotte decided to launch Healthy Selfie . Charlotte continued to take photos each week and would compare them to see how far she had come . She said : ` At the end of a six-week period , I compared the images with the help of Joe 's Photoshop expertise . ` The results were incredible -- my body had completely changed -- all in complete contradiction to the number on the scales - which had risen as I gained more muscle . ' Charlotte and Joe -LRB- right -RRB- launched the app after taking selfies following an an indulgent Christmas . Joe charted his own success through a series of selfies before he and Charlotte decided to launch the app . Charlotte said : ` This was where the idea for Healthy Selfie was born . We wanted to create an app that made tracking and comparing your selfies a quick and easy process . ` By then publishing those photos in a social networking environment , the images become so much more than a self-tracking tool -- they become a source of information from which other users can glean ideas and inspiration . ` Your images become testaments to the efficacy of whatever programme , diet , detox or cleanse you 're pursuing . ' Charlotte says the app also provides a safe and supportive community for you to upload your pictures too , with users using the comments section to encourage each other on their journeys . Two people who have used the app said it helped them to overcome their own body issues . A student who was told he would never have a six-pack finally achieved his dream . When Harry was at college -LRB- left -RRB- he was told by his friends that he would never achieve a six pack , now he shows off his super fit body on Healthy Selfie -LRB- right -RRB- . Harry 's profile on Healthy Selfie shows how he is getting fitter week by week . Harry Kersley , 20 , student : . Harry Kersley , 20 , said he used to receive harsh criticism from the other boys at his college but is now proud of his body . Harry was told about the app by a friend at the gym . He said : ` I lacked confidence throughout school at Epsom College . ` The initial reason for starting my transformation was to improve strength as well as fitness for sport . ` However I received harsh `` banter '' from my peers at school and I recall one friend saying I will never get a six pack . I allowed this to fuel my determination to this day . ' Harry says using the app he charted his progress : ` It 's given me a great confidence boost , and yes , I definitely feel encouraged to continue posting progress pics . ` If you ever start doubting your progress ; looking at old photos make you realise just how much your physique has improved . ` No one expects to become Arnold Schwarzenegger overnight , but the small incremental changes that you do n't notice from just looking in the mirror every day , is what kept me motivated to continue . ` You ca n't see how much you 've progressed if you do n't keep a record . I 'm now using Healthy Selfie to track my aesthetic progression , and have seen drastic changes in my muscle definition and fat loss . ` I feel great and definitely in the best physical condition of my life . ' Anonymous , 17 . This anonymous anorexia sufferer used Healthy Selfie to chart her recovery process , posting selfies as she regained weight and muscle . A 17-year-old woman -- who did n't want to be named -- revealed the app helped her fight anorexia , which started at 14 , including helping her to regain weight and muscle . She said : ` I really got into healthy eating because I wanted to lose weight . ` My friend was a synchronised swimmer and she was so toned , I wanted to look just like her . ` I joined a fitness club at school , got quite strong and pretty toned ; I looked good . ` But it became obsessive : my `` healthy '' eating got so restrictive I was living off salads and fruit . I exercised every day , to the point of collapsing . ` I ate less and less , thinking that was the key to being healthy , but I was so wrong . ` It took time for the weight to come off , and these habits continued on until I was 16 . The user posted pictures of herself in the gym as she trained to regain a healthy body with tone and muscle . ` I was diagnosed with anorexia . That really shocked me , because I did n't feel like anything was wrong with me . ' The user posted pictures of herself in the gym as she trained hard to regain a healthy body with tone and muscle . She revealed : ` I thought about what I wanted to be like before my eating disorder took a hold of me . I wanted to be strong and muscular , toned and fit . ' She started charting her transformation on Instagram but moved over the Healthy Selfie when it launched in January . She said : ` I think selfies are a great idea , especially for people with eating disorders . ` It allows you to see how much healthier you are . Not just in your body , but your face is filled out again , your eyes actually have a sparkle in them , your smile is real . '