For most of us , the dream of a holiday home is one that will probably never be realised . But for the lucky minority with a few extra million in the bank , its seems the world is quite literally your oyster when looking for property around the world . From a Lake Garda mansion with a pool overlooking the water to an Italian villa that looks like a castle and an Antigua retreat with Giorgio Armani as a neighbour , these are some of the most spectacular holiday homes on the market at the moment . On the Lombardy side of Lake Garda , this Lionard property is a luxurious villa with one serious waterfront view . Lake Garda . On the Lombardy side of Lake Garda , in northern Italy , lies a luxury villa with a view - just several miles north of Brescia . And for € 18 million -LRB- about £ 13 million or $ 20 million -RRB- it can all be yours . Not only is there a large swimming pool looking out on the water , but also a large deck with plenty of space for sun beds , gazebos and al fresco dining spots , overlooking a 4000 square metre garden . Inside , the house is just as breathtaking . For about 18 million Euros -LRB- or £ 13 million -RRB- , the modern home , complete with pool , gazebo , and al fresco dining options , can be yours . Inside , all of the bedrooms and common spaces are decorated in a stylish colour scheme of white , ivory and gold . Crystal chandeliers dot the ceilings and other high-end touches , like valuable works of art , line the walls in the lounges . There is even a large wine cellar , complete with glass walls and plenty of storage , sure to satisfy the most discerning collectors . Open air spaces and bright rooms boast a contemporary feel and high-end touches add a little extra luxury . Crystal chandeliers dot the ceiling , valuable works of art line the walls and there is even a large wine cellar , which is sure to satisfy the most discerning collectors . A fitness area , spa and basement level garage with garden entrance all also help to put this holiday home over the top . Hameau du Temple , located near Uzes , in the South of France , is the perfect Provencal family summer home . Hameau du Temple . For those looking for a charming Provencal holiday home , this four-bedroom villa is the perfect property . Located near Uzes , in the South of France , the stone exterior , which is local to the region , is as charming as it is authentic . Outside , a large pool is great for families with children looking to keep cool in the hot summer days . The landscaped back garden is as charming as the home itself , with a large pool overlooking the local vineyards . The village of Garrigues Ste Eulalie is quintessentially quaint , boasting Provencal style houses and churches , as well as plenty of olive trees and vineyards . Take a stroll into town and you 'll also find a boulangerie , restaurant and tennis courts . Although when your landscaped back garden overlooks the local vineyards , there 's really no reason to leave . The home is currently listed for € 775,000 or about £ 554,000 or $ 853,000 . In Umbria , a stately Italian villa , which was built around a 15th century watch tower , is currently on the market for € 12 million -LRB- £ 8.6 million -RRB- . Umbria . The original construction of this stately Italian villa was built around a 15th century watch tower . Having been owned and taken care of by noble and prominent families throughout the years , the prestigious home has maintained its charm through the ages . The original stone tower still exists , and has been merged with the rest of the home , offering breathtaking views of the rolling hills of Umbria . There is also an impressive 11 hectare garden complete with fountains , a swan pond , a small amphitheatre , and gazebo . There is also an impressive 11 hectare garden complete with fountains , a swan pond , a small amphitheatre and a gazebo . Inside , the details are similarly as thoughtfully considered , with colourful frescoes , medieval accents and marble tiles . Stroll through the property 's lush gardens and you 'll come across an outdoor swimming pool and relaxation area . Inside , the details are equally as thought out , with plenty of colourful frescoes , medieval decorations and marble tiles . The massive home has 10 suites , each with its own private bathroom , as well as several lounges , a billiards room and library . On the property , which is currently for sale at € 12 million -LRB- or about £ 8.6 million / $ 13 million -RRB- there is also a farm and several farm houses . For those looking for a more exotic locale , Villas Valriche in Domain del Bel Ombre , Mauritius , is just the ticket . Villas Valriche . For holiday home buyers looking for somewhere a bit more exotic , Villas Valriche in Domaine del Bel Ombre in Mauritius is just the ticket . Currently , in development , there will soon be 288 Mauritian plantation style villas set across 525 acres of lush , tropical grounds . And , of course , the development overlooks the crystal clear Indian Ocean waters . Currently in development , the complex will soon boast 288 plantation style villas set among a protected nature reserve . The villa plots vary in size - anywhere from 700 to 2,000 square metres - but all are situated among a protected nature reserve . The properties are fully customisable and buyers will be able to choose number of bedrooms , sea or golf course views and to hand-pick their fixtures and fittings . All homes , which start at at $ 659,000 -LRB- or about £ 427,000 -RRB- will also come with a large terrace and infinity pool . For truly unbelievable Mediterranean sea views , this luxury villa in Sardinia is the a dream purchase for the ultra-rich property buyer . Sardinia . For breathtaking Mediterranean sea views that can not be beat , Lionard 's luxury villa in Sardinia is the ultimate indulgence . The magnificent home overlooks one of the most beautiful bays on the island and was a former summer residence for European royalty until the 1940s . Today , despite having been updated with all the latest technologies and comforts , the prestigious property has managed to retain its aristocratic charm of yesteryear . With a pool overlooking the rocky ocean cliffs below , the magnificent home also boasts a helipad for direct arrivals and departures . Now decorated in airy white and cream colours , the house was a former summer residence for European royalty until the 1940s . There are both indoor and outdoor seawater swimming pools on site , as well as spa facilities and a Turkish bath - for a cool £ 24 million . There are both indoor and outdoor seawater swimming pools on site , as well as spa facilities with sauna , Turkish bath and jacuzzi . With 21 bedrooms and 3 suites , decorated in breezy white and cream colours , each room is every bit as elegant as its former residents . Offering total privacy and security , the home is surrounded on three sides by the sea and also has a helipad for direct arrivals and departures . The home is currently listed for € 30 million , just less than $ 39 million or about £ 24 million . In Antigua , the picturesque Villa Nicobar , with its open floor plan and stunning Caribbean Sea views , is on the market for £ 2.5 million . Villa Nicobar . In Antigua , the picturesque Villa Nicobar , with its bright , airy interiors overlooking the Caribbean Sea , is currently on the market for $ 3.9 million -LRB- or about £ 2.5 million / $ 3.8 million -RRB- . The exceptional Savills property is located in the exclusive Galley Bay Heights and boasts an underground rock wine cellar , open plan seating area and four en suite bedrooms . And , of course , they all have their own rainfall showers and terraces . Located in the exclusive Gallery Bay Heights , the neighbours , which include Giorgio Armani , are just as stylish as the property itself . Sprawling over 7,500 square feet , there is as much outdoor living space as there is indoor space , including a large table for al fresco dining , a terrace , jacuzzi and infinity pool . There is also an exotic garden to enjoy , which has mango , lime and banana trees for the buyer 's use . With its stylish European accents and stunning views , it 's no surprise that the neighbours , which include Giorgio Armani , are as stylish as the home itself . Just a few kilometres from Florence sits an historic villa on a hilltop overlooking the river Arno . Florence . Just a few kilometres from Florence sits an historic villa on one of the hilltops overlooking the river Arno . The complex , which dates back to the 16th century , constitutes a manor house and other buildings , such as the keepers lodgings and a lemon conservatory . A large wooded area surrounds and shelters this property , which looks almost too good to be true , and plenty of parks and gardens , as well as tree-lined alleys , vineyards and olive groves . The complex dates back to the 16th century and constitutes a manor house , as well as keepers lodgings and a lemon conservatory . There is also an impressive manicured garden to explore boasting tree-lined alleys , vineyards and even olive groves . The large lounge spaces are complete with stunning fixtures , like this fireplace , and the entire home retails for € 38 million -LRB- $ 42 million -RRB- . The main villa , which sprawls over three levels and 2,800 square metres , features a grand entrance , large lounge library and fitness room . But it 's the house 's ` dell-orologio ' or ` clock 's terrace , ' which overlooks the city of Florence , which is truly the property 's focal point . The home 's clock facade , another defining feature , was added upon request in the early 1990s and has seen great lengths taken to restore and maintain such a unique exterior accent .