Pet cats are being snatched off the streets and killed in their ten of thousands across Asia - to feed the booming appetite for their meat in Vietnam . Restaurants serving domestic cats -- sold as a delicacy known as ` baby tiger ' -- are springing up across northern Vietnam , despite laws against eating the animals . And at one restaurant -- an hour 's drive from the capital Hanoi -- the owner told MailOnline demand is so high he 'd slaughtered 31 cats already that day just to keep up . Scroll down for video . Caught , skinned and boned : A wheelbarrow load of cats arrives at popular restaurant near Hanoi , Vietnam . Although eating cat meat is illegal , police officers and lawyers are among Vietnam 's biggest customers . Animal welfare groups blasted the illegal trade -- and claim the animals are transported in appalling conditions across large distances before being skinned alive , the bones removed and eaten . The meat is so popular domestic cats are being stolen to order from the street and homes across Vietnam and smuggled across the border in tightly-packed trucks from neighbouring China and Laos . A cat knapper is paid anything between £ 37 to £ 52 by a restaurateur per animal , depending on its size . In January a lorry with three tonnes of cats crammed into bamboo cages stacked one on top of another was seized by police on its way to Hanoi from China . Some of the animals perished in searing heat during the journey -- and the rest were crushed to death after they were rescued amid fears they might spread disease . The truck driver was fined just £ 250 -LRB- 7.5 million Dong -RRB- for smuggling them . And a MailOnline probe has found pet cats destined for the dinner table are being held in horrific conditions as they await slaughter . In Va Town , Bac Ninh province , an hour 's drive from Hanoi , is the popular Quy Beo restaurant where ` baby tiger ' is served daily . The restaurant 's most popular dishes are cat meat hot pot , on sale for around £ 40 pounds and feeds seven -- a huge sum in rural Vietnam . Cat meat noodles are £ 3 pounds a bowl . Ready for dinner plate : Caged cats caught and smuggled across the border to Vietnam will be killed for their meat , which is an expensive ` delicacy ' in Asia . Key ingredient : ` Baby tiger ' is prepared in the kitchen at the Quy Beo restaurant - to will be served up with noodles and sold for £ 3 a bowl . Demand : ` Everybody wants to eat cat now -- it is more delicious and exotic than other kinds of meat , ' the owner boasted . Cat meat was banned in Vietnam in 1997 . Lucrative : Dog meat traders tells how she 's also selling cats and business is booming . The owner -- who would n't be named -- led our investigators over the road to his home opposite the restaurant and showed where he keeps hundreds of terrified cats , hissing and pounding their paws against the bars of tiny cages piled on top of each other . The animals are then taken out and slaughtered just feet from their cages . They are allowed to bleed and dropped into boiling water , then skinned in a machine before being boned and taken across the road by wheelbarrow to serve up in the restaurant . Their bones are swept up into a pile in the forecourt of the owner 's home after the cats are killed and later used to make broth . ` Everybody wants to eat cat now -- it is more delicious and exotic than other kinds of meat , ' the owner told us . ` I 've killed 31 cats today already . We 've never been busier . Some people are superstitious and eat it to bring them strength and good fortune . ` Lawyers , policemen and company directors eat it at the start of the lunar month . Factory workers eat it at the beginning of the month . Rich people eat it all month long . ' As he spoke , staff from a nearby Samsung mobile phone factory poured into the restaurant and began ordering dishes after a company bus taking them straight from work pulled up outside . ` It 's the best meat there is , ' one factory official told us , his face flushed red with rice wine . ` Cats are particular about what they eat so the meat is cleaner and better for you inside . ' In a smaller restaurant nearby , owner Nguyen The Tai said the popularity of cat meat had boomed since he opened his restaurant seven years ago . He told MailOnline : ` It 's getting more popular because people have more money . On a good night , we kill five or six cats for our customers . ` The best cats are aged two and a half years old and weigh 2.5 kg . We buy live cats for £ 3.50 a kilo and sell the meat for about £ 7 a kilo . ' Ngo Cong Thi opened a cat restaurant with his wife a mile from the centre of Hanoi eight months ago and said he had been busy from the first night . ` People come from all over to eat here , ' he said . ` One evening , we even had three Australian customers in . They tried the cat hot pot and they said it was delicious . Brazen : Despite being banned cat meat is freely advertised at the Quy Beo restaurant in Va Town - an hour 's drive from the capital Hanoi . Banned : Police officers and lawyers are some of the restaurant 's biggest customers . ` More and more people are eating cat , especially policemen , people high up in the army and the directors of big companies . Cat hot pot and stir fried cat are our most popular dishes . ' Ngo kept a cage full of cats ready to eat on a baking hot riverbank slope opposite his restaurant , covered with pieces of carpet and bedding to keep the sun off them . Many of the cats served up in Hanoi were smuggled from Laos or China through Thai Binh province where they are traded and then taken by lorry to Hanoi , he said . ` They can move up to 100 tonnes of cats a month from Thai Binh to Hanoi , ' he said . ` It 's very big business . ' Former Prime Minister Phan Van Khai banned cat restaurants in 1997 when a plague of rats was threatening crops across the country . But the ban has been ignored since the plague was brought under control - allowing cat restaurants to flourish without any legal penalties . Le Duc Chinh , Vietnam coordinator of the Asia Canine Protection Alliance -LRB- ACPA -RRB- which campaigns against the eating of both cats and dogs , said : ` Sadly , the people who should be enforcing the law are eating in cat restaurants . ` People will stop eating cat meat when they stop eating dog meat . The suffering these intelligent animals go through is the same . ` The problem is people in Vietnam have money and they want to try something new . And the army officers and police officers eating it set a bad example . They are educated people and they should stop . ` Cats are being illegally smuggled in terrible conditions across borders and from one country to another to supply this industry . And because cats are small , many more of them have to suffer and die to meet demand . '