A pitcher with the Colorado Rockies is taking some time out from the sport to care for his young son , who was bitten by a rattlesnake last month in Arizona . Right-handed reliever John Axford was placed on the family medical emergency list before the Rockies game on Sunday . His son had surgery last Monday - opening day for the Rockies - on his right foot to remove necrotic tissue . John Axford , right , has been placed on the family medical emergency list by the Colorado Rockies . His son Jameson , left , was bitten twice by a rattlesnake last month and requires more treatment . Axford celebrated h is birthday on April 1 by enjoying cake with his sons , JB , left , and Jameson , right . Axford said the toes of 2-year-old Jameson ` look fine , ' but doctors are trying to improve mobility as they combat infection . Jameson will board an emergency medical flight on Monday to Denver for more treatment . ` We still have a long road , a long process to go , ' Axford said . ` But at least I 'll be able to be closer to him . ' His son was bitten twice in the yard of the house his family rented in Scottsdale for spring training . The family was hoping for ` better things ' after the surgery . ` The necrotic tissue on his foot ended up being worse than we thought , ' explained Axford , who also has a 3-year-old son , JB . ` There was a lot of infection in there and it was a staph infection . The tissue they thought was going to be good turned out to not be great . ... His foot is in pretty rough shape in spots . ' More surgery will be necessary , and Axford said one of the top surgeons is in Denver . The Axford family will board an emergency medical flight on Monday to Denver so that Jameson , center , can have more treatment . ` The doctors in Arizona have been amazing . They 've texted me , called me , keeping me updated with everything , ' Axford said . ` They told me they all agreed that this was the worst rattlesnake bite they 'd seen in the area . It 's pretty unfortunate that it went that way for him , but it was fortunate that it was in the area that it was , on his foot , not somewhere else on his body , especially with the damage that was done . ' Axford will be out for at least three days and a maximum of a week . Axford has made one appearance for the Rockies this season , getting a save with a scoreless 10th inning on Wednesday at Milwaukee . But really his mind has been anywhere but the ballpark . His wife , Nicole , has been constantly by his son 's side at the hospital . Given Jameson 's age , Axford is hoping his son wo n't remember too much about this incident . ` Hopefully because he is 2 he 'll be able to erase it from his memory . But he 'll have an incredible scar on his foot to show people and he 'll have the story from us , ' Axford said . Axford , who has been given sick leave for at least three days and a maximum of a week , tweeted his thanks last month for the support his family had received after Jameson , 2 , was bitten twice by a rattlesnake . Rockies manager Walt Weiss went through a health scare with his son more than a decade ago and shared his story with Axford . When Weiss was playing for Atlanta in 1998 , his son , Brody , got E. coli and developed a blood disease . Brody Weiss was in critical condition for a few weeks . Now Brody is playing baseball at a community college . ` Dealt with a life-and-death situation with my son and was away from the team for a while , and so I was certainly able to empathize with him , in sharing that story , ' Walt Weiss said . ` That does n't make it any easier for John , but I think it helps when someone can share a similar experience with you . ' To take Axford 's spot , the Rockies selected the contract of righty Scott Oberg from Triple-A Albuquerque . They also transferred infielder Charlie Culberson -LRB- back -RRB- to the 60-day disabled list .