Clare Balding has admitted she was on TV too much following her success presenting the London Olympics . Clare Balding has admitted she was on TV too much following her success presenting the London Olympics . The broadcaster , who recently hosted coverage of the Boat Race , has vowed to do less after presenting everything from the BBC 's rugby league coverage to Crufts . She told Radio Times magazine : ` I used to say yes to everything I was offered because I thought it would all stop tomorrow . Now I think it might stop tomorrow precisely because I say yes to everything . ` In 2014 I did n't do a single panel show because they get repeated so much . From December 10 last year when I hosted Sports Personality until I did Crufts on March 10 , I was not on television presenting anything . Yet people still say , ` You 're on everything ' . ' The 44-year-old , who married Alice Arnold in a private ceremony earlier this year , said that it was ` exhausting ' to be constantly asked about being gay . ` I tell you what ... I 'm not going to talk in this interview about being gay . I suspect Gabby Logan is n't asked about being married or being a mother , ' she said . ` I get criticised for two things - doing too much and talking about being gay . But the facts do n't necessarily support that I do too much , and I get asked about being gay all the time . Every single interview I do , that ends up being the lead . ` I 'm very aware that it 's important for people to see a couple in the mainstream . But it can get a bit exhausting . I do n't walk down the street saying , ` Hi ! I 'm gay ! ' ` At the same time , I want to be one of the people who helps . What am I meant to do ? I do n't know what the bloody answer is . ' The 44-year-old , who married Alice Arnold in a private ceremony earlier this year , said that it was ` exhausting ' to be constantly asked about being gay . Balding added : ` I have never wanted children . It 's my choice , but of course it 's not something that 's going to happen by accident . Yes , it could happen if I wished it to . ` I have two nephews , a niece and eight godchildren , and I love that . But I do n't want kids . I just never had that urge . One of the many benefits of being gay is that people do n't assume you want children , so they do n't ask you . ` My brother Andrew 's relationship with his wife Anna Lisa is almost as long-standing as mine with Alice , and all they were ever asked is ` When are you getting married ? ' and ` When are you having children ? ' . We never got that from anybody . '