Some 40 miles north of San Antonio , along a lonely two-lane road , stands a bedraggled , tin-sided building that hints at Texas ' past . Kendalia Halle 's multi-tiered wooden truss was decked out in white lights as Bruce and Louetta Schwab joined about 200 others for a monthly dance . The Schwabs live east of Dallas and during their recent visit to central Texas Hill Country decided to visit the old hall , where patrons paid about $ 20 to hear Bobby Jordan and the Ridgecreek Band . ` It 's a combination of her love to dance and my interest in German history , ' said Bruce Schwab . One , two , step ! In this December 2014 file photograph , girls dance to fiddle music at Twin Sisters Dance Hall in Blanco , Texas . Get on down ! Fiddlers perform at Twin Sisters Dance Hall in December . A preservation group says old Texas dance halls that for years served as important social centers in rural areas of the state are decaying and closing , with comparatively few still operating . Competition : Patrons are seen listening during a fiddle festival at Twin Sisters Dance Hall . Kendalia Halle was built more than 100 years ago by German immigrants , who through the latter half of the 19th century comprised more than 5 percent of the state 's population , according to the Texas State Historical Commission . It 's one of an estimated 1,000 dance halls that sprung up around Texas in the 1800s , knitting together German , Czech , Polish and other immigrant communities . About 400 such halls still stand -- many unused and decaying -- but only two traditional Texas dance halls continue to operate on nearly a daily basis : Luckenbach hall in Fredericksburg and Gruene Hall in New Braunfels . ` The culture has shifted away from rural areas where most of the halls are , but what we see is that these cultures are foundational to what Texans are and what Texas is , ' said Patrick Sparks , board president of Texas Dance Hall Preservation . Sparks ' group and others are working to preserve the state 's remaining dance halls , in part by creating an inventory so that the most distinctive ones become candidates for the National Register of Historic Places . Such designation would enable the halls to apply for grant assistance and protections against encroaching development . More practically , it would raise their profile among tourists and other travelers . ` You can still go out on a Saturday night and experience an authentic dance hall like you could 100 years ago and that 's something that really defines our culture here in Texas , ' Sparks said . Some dance halls also are architecturally unique , according to Sparks . The Cat Spring Agricultural Society Pavilion west of Houston is a 12-sided hall built in 1902 by German immigrants that features an elaborate wooden truss rising up to a cupola . At one time there were about 40 such ` round halls ' in the state , Sparks said , but now just half that number exist . Cool refreshments : The Twin Sisters Dance Hall offers a number of beers , including Bud Light , Coors Light , and Texas-based Lone Star . Swing your partner round and round : A pair of dancers are seen at Twin Sisters Dance Hall in Blanco , Texas . Corner entertainment : Musicians Tibby Armke , center , and Cory Blair , second from right , play outside of the dance hall in December . Carolyn Vogel is president of a nonprofit association that operates the Twin Sisters Dance Hall . It 's believed Twin Sisters , not far from Kendalia Halle , has hosted at least a monthly dance since the 1880s . It costs about $ 16,000 a year for volunteers to maintain the building . ` On a good year we break even , ' Vogel said . The association is seeking an IRS designation as a charitable organization that would allow it to apply for state grants and other money , which would prove valuable in addressing expensive repairs like the nearly $ 20,000 needed to replace the roof , she said . Twin Sisters , founded by German immigrants , for years served as a vital community center , Vogel said , and it 's important ` to reacquaint and refamiliarize people with this heritage . ' ` We 're really working to bring people back , ' she said . ` I think it 's a unique type of entertainment , also . ' From about 1870 into the 1920s , European immigrants in Texas built hundreds of these halls . They largely served as meeting places for agricultural groups , rifle clubs and mutual benefit societies . Over time , Sparks said , they also became important social centers that on many evenings hosted popular dances . The popularity of the halls waned as Texas ' population shifted to the cities . In 1900 , 83 percent of the Texas population lived in rural areas ; 50 years later that percentage had fallen to 37 percent , and continues to decline . Nowadays , a couple hundred remaining halls may host an event or two each year , but only a few dozen are used at least on a monthly basis , Sparks said . When Lee Temple bought Kendalia Halle with his wife Judi in 1995 , business did n't look so promising . One weekend he laid out $ 700 for a band only to have one couple show . While still not a money-maker , Kendalia 's monthly dances , along with wedding receptions and birthday parties , help the Temples break even . ` Texas dance halls are becoming a very good investment because there are fewer and fewer of them , ' Lee Temple said . Big dipper : Visitors dance to live music by Al Dressen 's Super Swing Review at Twin Sisters Dance Hall . Showtime : Al Dressen 's Super Swing Review performs as members of the audience dance . Leaving for the night : A patron in a cowboy hat is seen leaving the Twin Sisters Dance Hall .