The mystery of what appears to be a screw fixed inside a rock -LRB- pictured -RRB- has perplexed scientists . An object that appears to be a screw fixed inside a rock has captured the world 's attention since it was found in the 1990s , but the debate rages on about what it really is . Russian researchers believe the unusual object is 300 million years old , leading some people to claim that it may be proof of a highly advanced lost human civilisation , or even the work of aliens . However , experts suggest that there may be a more earthly answer -- that the ` screw ' is in fact a fossilised sea creature . The researchers stumbled across the ` screw ' after searching the Kaluga region after an asteroid strike occurred there , Ancient Code reported . The ` screw ' measures an inch -LRB- 2 cm -RRB- long and was collected by a UFO and paranormal research team called the Kosmopoisk Group . They claim that the stone is between 300 and 320 million years old and after X-raying it , believe there is another hidden ` screw ' inside the stone . But more conventional scientists have not got a look at the object , so have had to base their speculation on grainy pictures posted online . The Kosmopoisk Group has not said what the screw is made of , or given any detailed information about it . The self-styled group , which is also known as Spacesearch and the Russian Scientific Organisation , conducts expeditions to sites that are believed to have extraterrestrial activity or unusual creatures - and has a mixed reputation . Scroll down for video . The screw-like shape may actually be the reversed-shape of the creature , which gradually dissolved while the rock formed around it . Fossils of Jurassic crinoids collected in Israel are pictured . The leading hypothesis from experts who have seen photos of the stone is that the ` screw ' is actually the remains of an ancient sea creature called a crinoid . The screw-like shape may actually be the reversed-shape of the creature , which gradually dissolved while the rock formed around it . Some 600 species of Crinoids are now extinct but the creatures live on in different forms in modern seas . They have five arms to snatch passing prey and a hidden mouth on the top . It is thought that the fossilised creature in the mysterious rock is a form of ` sea lily ' -- a type of crinoid that grew a stalk when it became an adult , to tether itself to the seabed . Crinoids were extremely common millions of years ago , and countless fossils have been found , some segments of which do resemble screws . Russian researchers have dated the unusual ` screw ' to 300 million years old , leading some people to claim that it may be proof of a highly advanced lost human civilisation , or even the work of aliens -LRB- stock image -RRB- . Researchers stumbled across the ` screw ' after searching the Kaluga region after an asteroid strike occurred there . The ` screw ' measures an inch -LRB- 2 cm -RRB- long and was collected by a UFO and paranormal research team called the Kosmopoisk Group . There are hundreds of species of extinct Crinoids , although the marine animal continues to live in seas today . Crinoids have a mouth on the top surface - next to their gut and anus - that 's surrounded by feeding arms to grab passing prey . They generally have five main arms and a stem to attach themselves to rocks or the seabed . In fossilised form , the stem does resemble a screw . It 's thought they were more common in ancient times , because limestone beds dating to the mid Palaeozoic are full of Crinoid fossils . The first Crinoids are thought to have appeared in the Ordovician period , between 488 million years ago and ending 444 million years ago and underwent a selective mass extinction at the end of the Permian period , where they evolved more flexible arms . Crinoid fossils look slightly different to reflect the variations across the species . However , some say that the stalks of crinoids were typically much smaller than the ` screw ' , with slightly different markings , and have discarded the theory . More far-fetched theories include that the ` screw ' is the remains of an ancient form of technology that proves aliens lived on Earth millions of years ago , or that our ancestors were far more advanced than we think . Nigel Watson , author of the UFO Investigations Manual told MailOnline : ` Lots of out-of-place artefacts have been reported , such as nails or even tools embedded in ancient stone . ` Some of these reports are ... misinterpretations of natural formations . ` In this case sceptics claim the screw is nothing more than the fossilised remains of a crinoid marine animal , while believers note that the screw is very different from the surrounding fossil evidence . ` It would be great to think we could find such ancient evidence of a spaceship visiting us so long ago , but we have to consider whether extra-terrestrial spacecraft builders would use screws in the construction of their craft . ` It also seems that this story is probably a hoax that is being spread by the internet , and reflects our desire to believe that extra-terrestrials have visited us in the past and are still visiting us today in what we now call UFOs . ' The leading hypothesis is that the ` screw ; is actually the remains of an ancient sea creature called a crinoid . It had a thick stem that attached it to the sea bed , which looks a bit like a screw when it 's fossilised -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Some 600 species of Crinoids are now extinct but the creatures live on in new forms in our seas today . This image shows a modern Crinoid , known as a Variable bushy feather star in the Philippines . The Alien that terrified people in the 1979 sci-fi film , was inspired by a crinoid . Swiss surrealist artist , Hans Rudolf Giger , created many artworks based on fossils , which were seen by Ridley Scott who commissioned Giger to make props for his film . Mr Giger 's designs - one of which was all too memorably seen bursting out of a character 's chest on screen - went on to win his team an Academy Award for Best Achievement for Visual Effects on the 1979 film and the franchise that followed . The Alien that terrified people in the 1979 sci-fi film , Alien -LRB- pictured -RRB- was inspired by a Crinoid . He was inspired by a 300-million-year-old Crinoid fossil , which was stolen in 2012 . While the piece was returned to the Aathal dinosaur museum in Zurich , Switzerland , from which it was taken , it was slightly damaged . Museum curator Dr. Thomas Bolliger said : ` It was comparatively undamaged - although one of the arms had broken off . ` It really is a remarkable fossil and shows two separate species of a spineless animal that lived at the bottom of the sea around 300 million years ago . ' A museum spokesman added : ` It is a very valuable but also a very unique fossil and it will be very difficult for anybody to sell or indeed to keep secret given the publicity around the theft . ' Alien abduction : Swiss surrealist artist , Hans Rudolf Giger , created many artworks based on fossils , which were seen by Ridley Scott who commissioned Giger to make props for his film . This rare Crinoid fossil was stolen from a museum and later returned damaged .