Opera is n't normally a field associated with animal cruelty , but the two worlds have collided in China after a singer posted pictures of herself wearing a headdress made from kingfisher feathers . Web users and conservationists quickly criticised her indifference towards animal welfare after it emerged the accessory was made from the feathers of no less than 80 of the colourful birds , according to the People 's Daily Online . Outcry : Opera singer Liu Guijuan is heavily criticised for showing off her headdress -LRB- pictured -RRB- made with feather from 80 kingfishers . Peking opera singer Liu Guijuan wrote in her post on Weibo , China 's equivalent of Twitter , that she had bought the rare headpiece more than a decade ago for 120,000 yuan -LRB- £ 10,775 -RRB- . ` It is made with the feathers from under the wings of 80 kingfishers , ' she said the post . Miss Liu , a well-respected opera artist from Tianjin city , said the current market price for the headdress is no less than 400,000 yuan -LRB- £ 42,583 -RRB- . She added that she is often envied by fellow artists at the backstage for wearing such pieces . The post immediately attracted attention of Chinese animal lovers , who said art should n't come at the cost of sacrificing innocent birds . ` I feel like these people should step down . Who wants to see you if you build your art upon animal 's suffering . We would rather you get out ! ' Commented one web user . In the name of art : Miss Liu , an established opera singer in China , is seen on stage -LRB- right -RRB- in the headdress that landed her in hot water . But there were some supportive voices too . ` Liu Guijuan has followed industry rule and the headdresses are just for performing purpose , it has nothing to do with environmental protection , ' wrote one unnamed web user . Others suggested that artists could just as easily use fake feathers to create realistic costumes . Victim : Two of the 11 types of kingfisher in China are protected species . Faced with public outcry , Miss Liu initially did n't back down . She replied in her comments : ` I 'm doing this in respect to art . In order to buy the best -LRB- headdress -RRB- , I 'd rather spend more money and use more kingfishers . ' She also indicated that Chinese Peking opera master , Mei Lanfang , used to collect headpieces with feathers from kingfishers . However , she took down her original post not long after . Two of the 11 types of kingfisher in China are protected species . People 's Daily Online reported in the same article that the police authority in Guangdong seized nearly 60,000 dead kingfishers last October . But no further information was released on what these kingfishers had been killed for .