Charged : Rejean Hermel Perron -LRB- pictured -RRB- has been accused of holding a woman captive for five days and subjecting her to multiple sexual assaults . A dog walker used nail clippers to free a kidnapped woman who police say was held prisoner and sexually assaulted by a Canadian man for five days . The 27-year-old sex trade worker emerged from a home in Toronto , Canada , bound by handcuffs , badly bruised and naked from the waist down begging for help . Peter Hamilton heard her cries as he was passing by and desperately tried to free her from her restraints . She told him that her kidnapper was still inside , but had fallen asleep . Mr Hamilton wanted to call the police , but had left his cell phone at home , forcing him to take out the only item he had on him - the nail clippers . Police claim Rejean Hermel Perron held the alleged victim at gunpoint on March 31 when she refused to go inside . He is then said to have held the woman for five days , subjecting her to sexual assaults including ` ritualistic actions ' that officers said they were ` unfamiliar with ' . Detectives believe there could be more victims who have yet to come forward . The 43-year-old is alleged to have met the woman , in the Sherbourne and Shuter Street area of the city before the pair returned to his home . The National Post reports that she became ` uncomfortable ' and made it clear she wanted to leave . But he then allegedly produced the weapon and restrained her with duct tape and handcuffs . Police say she was subjected to multiple sexual assaults . Perron was arrested on Monday and later charged with sexual assault with a weapon , kidnapping , forcible confinement and assault . Describing the dramatic escape , Mr Hamilton told the CBC how he was walking his dog in the Dundas Street East and Jones Street area when he heard desperate pleas for help . Hero : Dog walker Peter Hamilton heard the woman 's cries for help before he saw her come out of the house bound by restraints and naked from the waist down . Quick thinking : He wanted to call the police but left his cell phone at home , so had to use the only implement he had on him to free the woman - his nail clippers . He said a woman appeared on a veranda of a home but could not move further because of the restraints on her hands and feet . She warned him her kidnapper was still armed and inside the home . Mr Hamilton told CBC : ` My first thought was ` how do I get her out of here ? ' ` I knew this was a dangerous situation . I could n't leave her , but I could not go back to my house to get my phone . ' When a man emerged from the home , Mr Hamilton stood up ready for a confrontation . But the man then turned and fled , it is reported . Mr Hamilton added : ` This is where it could have taken a turn for the worse , ' said Hamilton . ` He came out and he ran . He saw us and he just ran and that was a very good thing . ' ` She was very emotionally distressed and she said , `` I 'm sorry I have to put you through this . '' There was nothing to apologize for . ` It 's just the right thing to do . We live in a society where sometimes people turn a blind eye to what 's going on around them . ' In part , he has thankful for having his dog , as he would n't have been walking through the neighborhood for any reason . He told the Toronto Star : Without having that dog , I would n't have taken a walk through the neighbourhood , and if he had n't taken a walk , he would n't have encountered a shocking crime in progress , and would n't have had the opportunity to intervene and possibly save a woman 's life . ` Whatever fate or destiny comes into it , the dog has as much of a part . ` The horror of what happened to her , of what she had gone through , had n't really sunk into me yet . ` What sinks into you is the horror you 're seeing right now , which is that there 's a naked woman on the floor in handcuffs who needs help . ' After he contacted police , Mr Hamilton said he spent the day with his wife and went for a hike out of town . ` That was good . It calmed everybody down , ' he said . The woman was rushed to hospital after passers-by called emergency services and is said to be recovering . Crime scene : After Mr Hamilton helped free the woman , a man emerged from the house , so they ran . The alleged victim is now being treated in hospital .