From model Rosie Huntington-Whiteley 's beloved wheatgrass-packed green juice to Victoria Beckham 's favourite bee pollen breakfasts , there are plenty of stars who are walking adverts for the power of superfoods . Health bloggers and celebrities alike sing superfoods ' praises and scientists publish countless studies into their health benefits . Each comes with its own promise . Indeed , acai berries have been linked to weight loss and cancer prevention , flax seeds are thought to help lower blood pressure and reduce the risk of heart disease , while coconut oil has been hailed as a weight loss aid . But how do we know if they actually work when we 've only become aware of them in the past few years ? Scroll down for video . Tipper Lewis , 43 , has been reaping the benefits of superfoods for twenty years and credits the likes of chia seeds , bee pollen and matcha green tea with her boundless energy and good health . One woman , who has been making use of superfoods her entire life , swears by the stuff - and her wrinkle-free skin , boundless energy and the fact that she does n't even have a doctor are surely testament to the power of superfoods . Tipper Lewis , 43 , from London , grew up on a farm and quickly became fascinated by the power of plants , Chinese medicine and organic produce . A vegan since the age of 18 , she studied the power of herbs and plants at University and landed a job at Neal 's Yard Remedies - the leading independent British retailer of organic natural health and beauty products . Tipper 's wrinkle-free skin , boundless energy and the fact that she does n't even have a doctor are surely testament to the power of superfoods . Tipper , left , aged 30 , and , right , aged 43 , studied herbs and plants in her teens and now she is the Head Herbalist at Neal 's Yard Remedies where she keeps her finger on the pulse for up-and-coming superfoods and remedies . Speaking to FEMAIL about her love of superfoods , she said : ` I was taking them twenty years ago and they definitely were n't as fashionable back then but I 've always loved them . ` People would laugh at me for having a bottle of green water on my desk at work but I just ca n't imagine living a different way . My healthy diet is definitely to thank for my energy levels . When I was eating badly as a student , I was grumpier and my mind did n't work as fast . ' Tipper starts the day with a superfood-charged smoothie , packed with green powder , bee pollen and maca powder . For lunch , she grabs a healthy salad and dinner is often stir fry with hemp seeds . Tipper starts the day with a superfood-charged smoothie , for lunch , she grabs a healthy salad and dinner is often stir fry with hemp seeds . ` People would laugh at me for having a bottle of green water on my desk at work but I just ca n't imagine living a different way , ' she says of her lifestyle . Speaking to FEMAIL about her love of superfoods , Tipper , pictured on her allotment , said : ` I was taking them twenty years ago and they definitely were n't as fashionable back then but I 've always loved them ' She has also created countless healthy recipes , including her raw cacao chocolate , which is made using raw cacao powder . Unlike cocoa powder , cacao is not refined so is packed with the antioxidants and minerals that cocoa has stripped away . She replaces coffee with a matcha green tea , which is high in antioxidants and particularly catechins - the most potent and beneficial antioxidant . Thanks to her healthy diet , she rarely gets ill . ` I do n't even have a doctor , ' she admits . Her boyfriend has also jumped on the superfood bandwagon and takes bee pollen -LRB- the superfood loved by Victoria Beckham that contains almost all of the nutrients we need -RRB- to beat his hayfever . Tipper grew up on a farm and quickly became fascinated by the power of plants and Chinese medicine after her parents , pictured , introduced her to organic produce . Tipper works behind the scenes at the UK 's leading superfood supplier , so what big health trends can we look out for this year ? ` Goldenberries are the new goji berries , ' she said . ` They are amazing for your beauty , rich in antioxidants , protect your body and regulate blood sugar levels . They also help with collagen production so are amazing for keeping wrinkles at bay . ' Whilst Tipper has quietly been consuming superfoods her whole life , she thinks celebrities such as Miranda Kerr and Rosie Huntington-Whiteley have ` opened a door for the public ' by professing their love of all things clean and lean . ` Celebrities have done so well in raising awareness that things that are good for you can also taste nice . I know this way of life is n't for everyone but I would love to see more people embracing it . ` I would love to see children eating superfoods . Watching them eat sugary cereal bars on the way to school is soul destroying , ' she said . Super Feel-Good Golden Berry Cups . Such a deliciously decadent treat without any guilt ! Raw cacao , bursting with energising magnesium and mood-enhancing serotonin , is blended with creamy raw coconut oil and layered with juicy golden berries for a vitamin C burst . Super Feel-Good Golden Berry Cups . Ingredients . Golden berries -- 1/4 cup -LRB- soak in water for 2-4 hours , save water -RRB- . Golden berry water -- 10 ml -LRB- saved from soaking the berries -RRB- . Vanilla extract -- 1/2 teaspoon . Himalayan pink salt -- 1/4 teaspoon . Organic Virgin Coconut Oil -- 1/2 cup . Raw cacao powder -- 1/2 cup . Coconut palm sugar -LRB- or other sweetener -RRB- -- 4 dessertspoons . Vanilla extract . 2 teaspoons Himalayan pink salt -- to garnish . Method . For the salted golden berry crush : . Drain soaked golden berries , and 10 ml of the water . Blitz all ingredients in a food processor or high-speed blender until you get a paste for the homemade raw chocolate . For the homemade raw chocolate : . Thoroughly mix all ingredients in a bowl -LRB- if coconut oil is solid , place the jar in a bowl of hot water until it melts -RRB- . To make cupcakes . Spoon a little of the chocolate mix into the mini paper cups freeze until solid . Once solid add a layer of the salted golden berry crush . Add a final layer of the chocolate mix , filling to the top of the cups , then sprinkle with Himalayan pink salt & freeze until solid for the salted golden berry crush . Super Summer Body Boost . Super Summer Body Boost . We all have that moment when it 's time to take the bikini out and our body has been covered up for most of the year ! This juice helps to tone and trim with naturally diuretic ingredients and herbs , renowned for helping to combat cellulite and banish cravings . Ingredients . Organic carrots -- 3 . Betacarotene is an antioxidant which is responsible for skin health & repair , it may also help reduce sun sensitivity . Organic celery -- 2 stalks . A natural diuretic to reduce water retention & a potent antioxidant . Organic apples -- 3 . Source of pectin that has been proven to help reduce cholesterol , reduce weight & balance blood sugar . Ginger -- half an inch . Boosts the digestion & circulation to help the body detoxify . Chia seeds -- 2 heaped teaspoons . The seeds swell fi lling the stomach & satiating hunger . Complex carbohydrates are turned slowly into sugar , preventing spikes in blood sugar which causes hunger pangs . Spirulina -- 2 teaspoons Microalgae helps the body 's cleansing process , which may lessen the appearance of cellulite . Green tea -- 1 teaspoon Green tea increases the rate at which we burn calories , it may also inhibit the enzymes responsible for storing fat . Method . Make a small cup of fresh green tea , infusing the leaves for 1-2 minutes -- allow to cool . Juice the carrots , celery , apples & ginger . Combine all the ingredients in a jug , whisking thoroughly to disperse the spirulina . Add the chia seeds just before serving with ice . Pour a refreshing glass & enjoy . Superfoods mentioned available in Neal 's Yard Remedies stores & online at nealsyardremedies.com .