An Oxford college and a retired architect are embroiled in an absurd row over a stretch of scrubby bushes which are quickly becoming ` the most expensive hedge in Warwickshire ' . In a court case likely to cost £ 150,000 , St John 's College and a 74-year-old businessman have been locked in a battle over an unkempt hedgerow between their properties in Warwickshire . The bizarre dispute began when Anthony Bethell decided he would pay for work to restore the ancient 180-yard hedge , which marks the boundary between his home and the college 's land . Hedge row : Anthony Bethell and St John 's College , Oxford are embroiled in a row over a stretch of scrubby bushes , with a court case likely to cost £ 150,000 . The bizarre dispute began when Anthony Bethell decided he would pay for work to restore the ancient 180-yard hedge , which marks the boundary between his home and the college 's land . Before starting the work , Mr Bethell thought it best to consult with the college - which is one of the largest landowners in the country - on where exactly he should replant the hedge , so to avoid any costly complications further down the line . But he claims St John 's has refused to agree with him on the matter and says he has been forced to take the college to court , the Sunday Telegraph reported . The hedge , which dates back to 1686 , divides Mr Bethell 's one-acre plot from 1,200 acres of farmland owned by the college . Mr Bethell said : ` As it stands this ancient hedge is in a poor state of repair and is an eyesore . I 'm more than happy to pay for the work to restore the hedge and improve and safeguard the rural environment around me , but I need St John 's to agree the boundary line -- and they just wo n't sit down and discuss the issue face to face . They 've ignored all my approaches and left me with no choice but to go to court . ` I want to do this properly . If I went ahead and did the work without establishing where precisely the boundary lies I could end up creating all sort of problems which would see the college coming after me in future . ' A crown court judge said the bushes were quickly becoming ` the most expensive hedge in Warwickshire ' Mr Bethell claims St John 's College -LRB- pictured -RRB- has refused to agree with him on the matter and says he has been forced to take the college to court . The retired businessman , who lives with his wife Eileen , 75 , commissioned a report on the scrubby bushes , with experts recommending repairing the ` neglected , sparse ' hedge . The report stated that fixing the hedgerow would encourage birds to nest , as well as providing habitats for other wildlife . Both Mr Bethell and St John 's College have spent £ 80,000 in legal fees in total , with the cost of a full trial likely to set the parties back £ 150,000 . The huge sum led the judge overseeing the pre-trial hearing at Coventry Crown Court to suggest the bushes are quickly becoming ` the most expensive hedge in Warwickshire ' . He reportedly said that both sides may as well ` pile up £ 30,000 each in a field and light a huge bonfire ' . Expensive : Both Mr Bethell and St John 's College have spent £ 80,000 in legal fees in total so far . Mr Bethell , who runs a charitable foundation for deprived children , is wary of the spiralling cost of the case , adding that the college could use the money to fund places for students . ` We could all save ourselves a lot of time if they would just sit down and talk about this simple matter of the boundary , ' he said . The hedge is believed to have been planted in 1686 to divide two estates , which merged almost a century later when St John 's bought the land . The college now owns more than 9,000 acres of land in England . Professor Andrew Parker , the bursar of St John 's College , Oxford , said : ` The legal action and court proceedings have been initiated by Mr Bethell . ` Despite attempts to settle the matter by meetings between professional advisers and by mediation , the College regrets that it is necessary to have the matter resolved by the courts . '