A 14-year-old boy who hanged himself five months after his mother lost her battle with cancer would wear her favourite bandana and spray her perfume round the house after she died . William Smith wanted to remind himself of his mother , Alison Overton , following her death from leukaemia . The teenager from Grimsby died in August last year , just four months after seeing his mother succumb to the disease . WilliamSmith died four months after his mother Alison Overton -LRB- pictued together above with his younger brothers -RRB- lost her battle with cancer . The teenager from Grimsby wore his mother 's favourite bandana around the house and sprayed her perfume to remind himself of her after she died . William 's father , Dean Smith -LRB- pictured with his late mother -RRB- said the family had begun recovering from the loss and were planning their future . An inquest into his death heard how William had been settling in well after returning to school following his mother 's death . Months later , while his grandmother was looking after him , he stayed home while she took his younger brothers out , asking her to bring him back chicken nuggets as a lunchtime treat . When Susan Overton returned she was horrified to find her grandson had died . Coroner Paul Kelly said the teenager had likely not intended to take his life . ` She could not believe what was seeing . She thought he was messing about because that was the kind of thing he did , ' he said at an inquest . ` It took her a while to take in what she was looking at . ' It was more likely the case the teenager was trying to play a prank on his siblings and had not anticipated the consequences , he added . On the day of his death , William told his grandmother to bring him home some chicken nuggets as a lunchtime treat . The 14-year-old had ` settled back in well ' at school following his mother 's death , an inquest heard . The teenager pictured with one of his younger brothers . His grandmother , Susan Overton , told of how William ` made his mother proud ' ` I push to one side that he intended to take his life . What is more likely is that , awaiting his grandmother and brothers , he decided to play a prank or experiment , not thinking what the consequences would be . ` That venture turned into a misadventure . ' William 's father , Dean Smith , told how his son had been ` very brave ' following the death of his mother . ` We sat down and spoke often . We were getting on with things . ` We were making plans , looking forward to the new football season and to Christmas , ' he said . On another occasion his grandmother told him how he ` made his mother proud ' . Recording a conclusion of misadventure , Mr Kelly said : ` I wish I could find some words to console the family . ` There is nothing I can say apart from condolences . ' While William had missed his mother , his father said he had been ` very brave ' in coping with her death . The teenager was buried just four months after his mother . An inquest into his death heard how the boy was discovered by his grandmother .