The Green Party this morning pledged an end to austerity - with a £ 90 billion a year spending splurge . The Green Party today demanded an end austerity with a radical £ 176 billion a year spending splurge - paying for everything from free prescriptions to organic school dinners for all . State pensions would be increased by more than £ 60 a week , child benefit doubled , tuition fees scrapped and train fares cut by 10 per cent . The party also pledged to pump an extra £ 12billion a year into the NHS from day one , introduce universal free elderly care and nationalise the railways . But its election manifesto also revealed a host of left-field pledges - including a ` complete ban ' on cages for hens and rabbits , an end to whips in horse racing and mandatory ` equality and diversity lessons ' at school . Immigrants will also be given free English classes , while fruit and vegetables will be subsidised and children will be kept out of school until they are seven . Green Party leader Natalie Bennett , unveiling her party 's manifesto this morning , defended her ` vision of a fair economy ' . She said : ` That fair economy demands the end to austerity . It demands we restore and enhance the essential public services we all but particularly the most vulnerable . ' Ms Bennett 's list of policy pledges will see government spending rise by £ 89 billion next year - and by £ 176billion by the end of the parliament . The extra spending would see an extra £ 11 billion going on debt interest . Under the party 's proposal , an extra £ 198 billion of taxes will be introduced to pay for the raft of giveaways -- worth an extra £ 6,600 for every taxpayer in the UK . Scroll down for video . Green Party leader Natalie Bennett and MP Caroline Lucas unveiled the Green Party general election campaigning at the Arcola Theatre , in London , this morning . Green Party leader Natalie Bennett , unveiling her party 's manifesto this morning , defended her ` vision of a fair economy ' The new taxes include £ 25 billion in new ` wealth taxes ' , levied at two per cent of the entire estate of someone worth £ 3million or more . It means someone with £ 10 million in assets would pay an extra £ 200,000 a year . Ms Bennett also proposed hitting those earning £ 150,000 or more with a new 60 per cent tax rate . There would also be a ` Robin Hood Tax ' on financial transactions and a promise to close tax loopholes . Corporation Tax would rise to 30 per cent with duties on cigarettes and alcohol increasing by £ 1.4 bn every year . The party would save cash by scrapping £ 15 billion of road improvement works . Instead the railways will be renationalised , a move the Greens claim will save £ 1 billion a year . Some £ 8 billion will be spent cutting public transport fares and HS2 will be scrapped . Tuition fees will be scrapped at a cost of £ 4.5 billion , while school funding will be increased by £ 7 billion . Grammar schools will be turned into comprehensives and the ` cruel ' bedroom tax abolished . Ms Bennett told activists next month 's election was a landmark for the party . She said it was a ` new kind of politics ' where the economy and society could be run for the many and not the few . The leader said : ` It sees the end of the disastrous policy of austerity that is making the poor , the disadvantaged and the young pay for the greed and the fraud of the bankers . ` This is a vision that is exciting increasing numbers of Britons . ' Turning to her jobs policy , Ms Bennett said : ` That fair economy demands every worker is paid a living wage . It is really not a radical statement to say that if you work full time you should earn enough money to live on . The party 's manifesto listed a series of radical policies , including an extra £ 12billion for the NHS , free social care for the elderly , the nationalisation of the railways and an end to tuition fees . ` And yet we are the only UK party who is saying the minimum wage should immediately be lifted to a living wage and should reach £ 10 an hour by 2020 . ' The Green leader said protection of the NHS was at the heart of the party 's election offer as she vowed to strip all private operators from the organisation . She said the ` expensive , destructive ' market would be removed from the health service . Ms Bennett said : ` Behind that is an understanding of what privatisation has really meant for so many of our public services . ` It 's meant the cutting of the pay and conditions of workers , it 's meant the cutting of the quality of services and it has meant the shovelling of public money into private hands . ' Other policies include re-nationalising the railways and policies to tackle climate change .