Marcus Copeland , 44 , admitted one count of fraud at Caernarfon Crown Court . He was told he faces jail . A top mortgage broker who bragged that he ` spared no expense ' to build his dream home is facing jail after conning a bank into giving him the money for it . Marcus Copeland , 44 , splashed out almost £ 1million to complete the six - bedroomed eco house . He sourced specialist Scottish stone and installed the latest environmentally friendly technologies to make the house in Cwm Dyserth , near St Asaph , North Wales , one of the most ` green ' new builds in the country . But yesterday it emerged that the married father-of-two 's dream had become a nightmare , after he admitted lying on mortgage forms to secure more than £ 800,000 for the property . At Caernarfon Crown Court the former journalist , who was once named best mortgage broker in the Midlands and Wales , admitted two counts of fraud by lying to Abbey National about the profitability of his business to secure the £ 847,000 loan in March 2007 . At an earlier hearing , he also pleaded guilty to five charges of deception after he used his position to inflate the salaries of five of his clients and help them obtain mortgages totalling £ 686,000 . Jonathan Austin , defending , said Copeland maintained that all the customers knew he had boosted their wages when making the applications . The barrister added that none of the loans had ever been defaulted upon . ` All these mortgages proved to be affordable , ' the barrister said . ` The obligations were met . ' Recorder Gregory Bull QC bailed Copeland , of Deganwy , Llandudno , for sentencing later this year . But he went on to warn him : ` You are not to read anything into the likely sentence . Imprisonment remains an option . ' In November 2010 Copeland 's home was featured in an article for Homebuilding and Renovating magazine and described as the ` quintessential self-build story -- huge ambition matched by a hopelessly stretched budget , spiralling costs and immense stress . ' He and his wife Yvonne , 44 , spent a year trying to persuade a farmer to sell them an elevated plot of land in the picturesque village in Denbighshire for £ 250,000 , before spending another £ 750,000 on the build . Spread out over three storeys , the house features two double garages , a home office , an open-plan kitchen , a dining and sitting area , a TV room terrace and a roof garden , all cut into a hillside overlooking the rolling Welsh countryside . Talking about the project , Copeland told the magazine : ` If I was to do it again , I 'd control my spending . I fell in love with a stone from Scotland that I wanted for the exterior walls . ` It cost a fortune and I 'm not sure you can tell the difference compared with cheaper options . But this was our dream home , so I spared no expense . ' The couple sold the house in September 2012 for £ 925,000 but , following Copeland 's guilty plea , are now facing having to pay back any profit they have made via the Proceeds of Crime Act . The defendant ran Copeland Mortgage Services in Prestatyn , Denbighshire , and was named Best Mortgage Broker in the Midlands and Wales at the Pink Home Services Awards Night in 2007 . Dream home : The award-winning mortgage broker has previously boasted about his £ 1million hillside home he built in the north Wales countryside -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Now Copeland 's double life as a fraudster has emerged . Ambitious : The home was described by one house-building magazine as ` almost the quintessential self build story - huge ambition matched by a hopelessly stretched budget , spiralling costs and immense stress ' The home has five floors , a home office , open plan kitchen , a TV room and a roof terrace . It also has panoramic views of sprawling countryside . Copeland had already pleaded guilty to another fraud charge .