From medical problems to travel plans , your Google searches can reveal a intimate snapshot of your life . While it can be easy to forget these searches , if you were logged into a Google account , all these queries have been saved . Now Google is offering users the option of downloading their entire search archive , as well as deleting part , or all , of the record . Are you curious about what you were searching for on Google this time last year ? Now you can find out with a new tool that downloads a history of every Google search you ever made while logged into a Google account . Visit history.google.com and log in with your Google account . Click onto a calendar view to take a look at what you searched for on any given date . The settings button on the top right corner can download the database . To delete your entire search history , click settings , remove items and pick a time frame , such ` from the beginning of time ' . The feature exports your searches to Google Drive in a ZIP archive , with files divided by year and quarter . ` You can download all of your saved search history to see a list of the terms you 've searched for , ' a Google support page says . ` This gives you access to your data when and where you want . ' To download your history visit history.google.com and log in with your Google account . Then click onto a calendar view to take a look at what you searched for on any given date . For those who want to keep a record of their Google searches , clicking the settings button on the top right corner can download the database . Items in search can be deleted by checking the box next to them and clicking the ` remove items ' option . To delete your entire search history , click settings , remove items and pick a time frame , such ` from the beginning of time ' . The feature exports all of your searches to Google Drive in a ZIP archive , with files divided by year and quarter . Google stresses that only account holders can see their data . The company has also warned user not download the search archive on a public computer to maintain privacy . According to the unofficial Google Operating System Blog , the California-based began testing its download feature last year . It follows similar moves by groups such as Facebook who have made it easier for users to access their archived content following privacy concerns .