Real Madrid and Atletico will both be missing one player each in the second leg of their Champions League quarter final next week . Marcelo and Mario Suarez were both booked during the 0-0 draw at the Vicente Calderon and due to accumulation of yellow cards will not be present during the return at the Santiago Bernabeu . Neither player were happy with referee Milorad Mazic , both feeling that their challenges were n't strong enough to be punished with a card . Atletico Madrid midfielder Mario Suarez -LRB- right -RRB- will miss next week 's second leg against Real Madrid . Suarez has blasted the performance of referee Milorad Mazic after being booked on Tuesday night . Suarez expressed his frustration after the game , saying on Spanish TV : ` The referee is very bad . They ca n't use a Serbian referee for these type of games , with all my respect . ` I hope that in the return leg they pick a better referee . ' His comment could result in matches being added to his one-game suspension . The midfielder published a statement on Twitter after the game , reading : ` I 'd like to apologise if anyone has been offended by my words after the game , it was not my intention . ` I meant to say that games of this magnitude should be given to a referee from one of the big leagues . Nothing more , we all make mistakes . Lets keep working . #AupaAtleti . ' Ancelotti did not agree with the Atletico Madrid man . He said : ` For me , the referee had a good game , it was a difficult match -LSB- to control -RSB- . ' Marcelo -LRB- right -RRB- , pictured complaining after being booked , will also miss the second leg at the Bernabeu . Mario Mandzukic makes a point to referee Mazic after being cut by an elbow from Sergio Ramos . There could be worse to follow for Madrid too , with Dani Carvajal at risk of being given a suspension for punching Mario Mandzukic . The Los Blancos right-back was frustrated with the Croatian 's physicality and thew a fist at the striker 's chest . Both managers claimed in their post-match press conferences that they had not seen the incident . Fabio Coentrao is likely to replace Marcelo at left-back in the second leg , while Atletico have several players who can fill in for Suarez , with Tiago Mendes the most likely . Real Madrid defender Dani Carvajal appears to punch Mandzukic in the ribs at the Vicente Calderon .