A Libyan rapper has released a new music video in which he is seen seen performing his music in front of dramatic scenes of civil war . Calling himself ` Volcano ' , the 31-year-old musician was filmed wearing hip hop-style clothing as he stands in front of missile launchers and burning buildings in the conflict-ravaged city of Benghazi . Libya 's second largest city was seized by the hardline Islamist group Ansar al-Sharia in July last year and intense fighting between the rebels and regime forces over the past few months have reduced much of Benghazi to rubble - apparently an ideal backdrop to Volcano 's rap videos . Scroll down for video . Warzone : Calling himself ` Volcano ' , the 31-year-old musician was filmed wearing hip hop-style clothing as he stands in front of missile launchers and burning buildings in the conflict-ravaged city of Benghazi . Guns : Rapping in Arabic , Volcano is pictured holding a large assault rifle and surrounded by armed fighters . Vehicle : Volcano stands in front of a pick-up truck that has been modified to carry a massive machine gun . Volcano 's video begins by showing him making a phone call in a quiet backstreet but soon cuts to amateur footage of explosions and shots of the rapper performing in front of burning buildings . Rapping in Arabic , Volcano is pictured holding a large assault rifle and standing in front of pick-up trucks that have been modified to carry massive machine guns . Seconds later he and a group of armed militants are seen standing in front of a tank in a heavily shelled courtyard as they pose for the camera while artillery vehicles fire their weapons . At one point Volcano - who wears expensive boots , jeans , a baseball jacket , sunglasses and gold chains - gives the thumbs up to the camera while standing in front of the burning rubble of a destroyed building . Elsewhere in the video the rapper wears military-style fatigues , although his well-groomed beard and spotless white trainers make him stand out among the exhausted fighters wearing bullet-proof vests and battered combat gear . Although he appears in the war zone wielding a guns , it is not clear whether Volcano is simply using the civil war backdrop for effect or if he is actually involved in the conflict . It is also unclear whether the fighters he appears alongside are rebels or members of the Libyan National Army . Costume changes : Volcano alternates between wearing expensive boots , jeans , a baseball jacket , sunglasses and gold chains -LRB- left -RRB- and military-style fatigues -LRB- right -RRB- . His well-groomed beard and spotless white trainers make him stand out among the exhausted-looking fighters he surrounds himself with , however . It is not clear whether Volcano is using the civil war backdrop for effect , or if he is involved in the conflict . The most senior member of the Gaddafi clan has laid the blame of the migrant shipwreck that killed about 950 people on the western countries which helped overthrow Colonel Gaddafi . Ahmed Gaddaf al-Dam , a former minister and Muammar Gaddafi 's cousin , said the ` overwhelming chaos ' in Libya ` has become a shame that will haunt the countries that had participated in the destruction of the Libyan armed forces in 2011 ' . But senior Conservative minister William Hague has defended the government 's role in helping to overthrow the dictator , who was well-known for his barbaric treatment of the would-be migrants . About 800 people are believed to have died when a fishing boat carrying migrants overturned off Libyan waters , south of the Italian island of Lampedusa , shortly after midnight on Sunday . And Gaddafi 's cousin , who was one of several high-profile regime figures who fled to Egypt during the 2011 revolution , believes the only solution for stability in the Mediterranean is to bring back those who surrounded the country 's despotic former ruler in government . Volcano 's Facebook page describes him as a Benghazi-based rapper who also studies English translation at Benghazi University - the oldest education establishment in Libya . The lyrics to his song refer to God being ` gone ' and - rather than talking about the conflict in Libya - appear about Palestinians living in Gaza . The refrain of the song suggests Volcano keeps up to date with events in the Gaza Strip and Israel via news on Google and Yahoo . Giving his personal interests as ` Libyan rap ' , Volcano 's page also states : ` I hate treason ' . The comment is not elaborated on , and it is not clear exactly what he is referring to . The majority of Volcano 's music video is filmed on an HD camera and he appears to be wearing and large and expensive wristwatch throughout - suggesting he could be considerably wealthier than the average resident in Benghazi . The six-minute clip also ends with Volcano watching the video back on a Samsung mobile phone . Between shots of the rapper standing on war-ravaged streets and posing with gun-wielding fighters , Volcano is seen giving a concert in downtown Benghazi . Although the faces of his audience are not seen , the crowd wave their hands in the air as Volcano stands on a makeshift stage . As well as HD shots of Volcano rapping and posing alongside heavily armed fighters , the footage also shows to clips of daily life in Benghazi - such as a father taking his young son shopping . Elsewhere amateur footage of shell attacks are edited in to the video clip . Calm : Volcano 's video begins by showing him making a phone call in a quiet backstreet . Flames of war : The clip soon cuts to shots of the rapper performing in front of burning buildings . Pricey : Most of Volcano 's music video is filmed on an HD camera and he appears to be wearing an expensive wristwatch throughout - suggesting he is considerably wealthier than the average Benghazi resident . Volcano is not the first North African rapper linked to warfare and conflict . Earlier this year Islamic State supporters took to social media to boast about the recruitment of a failed party loving rapper from Tunisia . Maurouane Douiri , better known by his stage name Emino , announced his decision to join ISIS by posting a picture of himself holding a goat , allegedly in Iraq . Emino appears to have abandoned his trademark ushanka hat and is shown wearing a long red and white Arab scarf . Strangely posed holding a small brown and white goat , the once wannabe gangster wrote that he had given his allegiance to the leader of Islamic State , Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi . Emino was one of a dozen Tunisian rappers who were vocal critics of President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali 's regime . Previously the 25 year old used his social media page to proudly show off photos of himself surrounded with a bevy of scantily clad ladies . Performance : Between shots of the rapper standing on war-ravaged streets and posing with gun-wielding fighters , Volcano is seen giving a concert in downtown Benghazi . Libya 's second largest city , Benghazi was seized by the Islamist group Ansar al-Sharia in July last year . It is unclear whether the fighters Volcano poses with are rebels or members of the Libyan National Army . One of the photos shows the rapper being touched and stroked by a group of women , with one of them appears to be drinking from a suspicious looking wine glass . Emino is no trendsetter - at least three other failed rappers have joined ISIS over the last few years . German rapper Denis Cuspert is the best known of the three known rappers to have been part of Islamic State . Known on stage as Deso Dogg , the wannabe gangster traded in his failing career to embrace the extremist group 's radical brand of Islam . American failed rapper Douglas McAuthur McCain was reportedly killed fighting for ISIS last August . McCain , who enjoyed smoking marijuana in the park and had previous convictions for disorderly conduct , is thought to have converted to Islam in 2004 .