Such has been the volatility at the top of the Championship this season that predicting future outcomes has proved a futile exercise , but what is certain is that Middlesbrough hold the aces . With just four weeks remaining , Aitor Karanka 's team are top of a division that has witnessed the leadership change hands 15 times . Seven points separate eight teams with six matches to play but Boro know if they keep winning , they can not be caught . Their buffer over second-placed Bournemouth is a point with Watford , their opponents on Monday , and Norwich a point further back . Patrick Bamford -LRB- left -RRB- of Middlesbrough celebrates his goal against Wigan with his team mates . Another advantage for the Teesside club is that their contest at Vicarage Road is a lunchtime kick-off . As they discovered on Good Friday , when they triumphed over relegation-threatened Wigan , stealing a march can have a psychological effect . Previous leaders Bournemouth and 10-man Watford could only draw , at Ipswich and Derby respectively , in the evening matches . ` It definitely puts pressure on other teams , like Watford and Bournemouth found on Friday night , ' said Boro defender Ben Gibson . ` It gives us a few more hours to recover when the turnaround for games is short and sharp , as well . Monday will be the same , big style . ' Watford 's 18-goal striker Odion Ighalo intends to have a say in what happens next . Ighalo helped Granada reach La Liga in 2011 and admits he only signed for Watford to play in the English top flight . Odion Ighalo rescued a point for Watford with this equaliser against fellow promotion hopefuls Derby . Bournemouth have been this season 's surprise package and led the Championship for 101 days . ` I came to Watford not because I want to play in the Championship but because I have the opportunity to be in the Premier League , ' he said . ` Our fans have to scream from the start to the end . I know by God 's grace we are going to win that game at home . ' Such is the precarious nature of the promotion race , however , that the division could have a completely different top two on Monday evening if Watford and Norwich , who host mid-table Sheffield Wednesday , win and Bournemouth fail to secure three points against Birmingham . With the stakes so high it is perhaps understandable that Karanka is hoping Jonathan Woodgate , his experienced captain , can continue to play through the pain . He missed the recent defeat at Bournemouth due to his broken toe but returned against Wigan . Crucially , each of the defender 's five appearances this season , and eight of his last nine , have resulted in wins . Alex Neil -LRB- left -RRB- has impressed since taking over at Norwich and the Canaries remain in contention at the top . Derby led the way earlier in the season but have now not won in seven games under Steve McClaren . Derby , meanwhile , have seemingly forgotten how to win . Seven games without victory has seen them slump to sixth but Steve McClaren insists he will not sacrifice his principles . McClaren , who takes his team to Wigan , said : ` I do n't want to put 10 defenders on and kick the ball long and not play our football . We have a certain way of playing , a certain style , which has got us where we are . ' The eighth side in the division are Wolves , who have the most potent striker in 28-goal Benik Afobe , signed from Arsenal for £ 2million in January . Afobe has made himself instantly at home and has Leeds in his sights today . Final word to the English forward : ` Every time we go into the changing room we see everyone else has won . ' Welcome to the Championship rat race . Additional reporting : Laurie Whitwell and Janine Self .