With just over a week to go until the Duchess of Cambridge hits her due date , preparations for the new arrival at her Norfolk home , dubbed ` Fortress Anmer ' , have been heating up . Carole Middleton , the new arrival 's grandmother , has become a permanent fixture at the country home , while in the nursery , nanny Maria Teresa Turrion Borrallo is preparing to welcome a second charge . But while much of the effort has focused on Prince George and making sure he does n't feel left out , more still has gone in to giving the nursery a makeover . Scroll down for video . Preparation : The birth of Prince George 's new brother or sister is expected to happen later this week . Overseen by Mrs Middleton , both the Anmer nursery and the one at Kensington Palace , have been given a Beatrix Potter theme . Fittings for both are thought have come from luxury children 's furniture emporium , Dragons of Knightsbridge , where Moses baskets start at £ 75 . But in a curious twist , it is understood that Kate had several pots of pink paint delivered to Anmer Hall from the Annie Sloane store a couple of weeks ago . In a move certain to invite further speculation over the sex of the baby , among colours chosen was Henrietta , which is described as a ` beautiful rich complex pink with a hint of lilac . ' Another was Antoinette , a ` soft pale pink with a hint of brown ' that is redolent of ` old-fashioned roses and the colour of old plaster ' and the third , Emile , a ` warm soft aubergine colour with pink and red undertones ' . Home : The new baby will spend its first few weeks at his or her parents ' Norfolk home , Anmer Hall . London pad : The new arrival will also have the run of a second nursery at Kensington Palace . Each pot comes with a price tag fit for a royal , with just one litre of the paint costing £ 18.95 . Kensington Palace refused to comment on the story saying that they could neither ` confirm ' nor ` deny ' that the couple had plans to paint the nursery . Echoing the palace 's line , a spokesman for Annie Sloan said the company could not ` confirm or deny ' that it had supplied paints to Anmer Hall . Nonetheless , a pink nursery appears more likely than the African-themed one hinted at by Prince William in an interview with CNN . ` I 'll have toy elephants and rhinos around the room , ' he joked . ` We 'll cover it in lots of bushes and things like that , make him grow up as if he 's in the bush . ' Boy or girl ? Kate 's pink coat and pink paints have fuelled speculation over the new baby 's sex . Compelling : Annie Sloan has supplied three feminine paint samples to Anmer Hall . Whatever the nursery 's eventual colour , more work still has gone in to turning Anmer Hall into a secluded property where Prince George - and his new sibling - can enjoy a relatively normal childhood . The refurbishment , which has taken two years and cost £ 1.5 million , has seen new security features added to the ten bedroom property which also has a swimming pool , tennis court and extensive grounds . As part of the costly renovations -- which also included installing a new roof , a state-of-the-art kitchen and a conservatory -- William had the driveway to the property , which used to belong to his close friends the Van Cutsem family , rerouted so that anyone accessing the property is shielded by trees . More money has been spent on filling the royal nursery and with both William and Kate known to have traditional tastes , it 's safe to say that that extends to the toy box . Prince George has been cutting his teeth on old-fashioned wooden toys , while his reading material includes the Curious George books - the first of which was published in the 1950s . Toys for the new baby will be no exception and are likely to have a homespun wholesome feel much like this £ 34 Anne-Claire Petit Crochet Lamb Music Box . Prepared : The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge also have plenty of pieces left over from Prince George . Traditional : The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have traditional tastes and prefer old-fashioned toys . One for George : The couple were presented with a Dorothy and Theodore box when George was born . Tally ho ! Both royal children are likely to start riding as soon as they are big enough , much like the Queen . Kate , who has made no secret of her liking for traditional fittings such as Moses baskets , is also likely to follow suit when it comes to toy boxes . Indeed , the couple already own one , having been gifted a £ 360 Dorothy and Theodore toy box by 10 Downing Street following Prince George 's birth . Another Dorothy and Theodore piece likely to feature in the royal nursery is the company 's £ 550 rosewood rocking horse . William is a keen horseman and both Prince George and the new baby will have no shortage of steeds to choose from when they get a bit bigger . Indeed , the royal baby 's great-grandmother , the Queen , has been riding since the age of four when she was presented with a Shetland pony named Peggy .