If Dartmouth College students have the same inflated influence on presidential politics that they 've traditionally enjoyed , Hillary Clinton has some long days ahead in New Hampshire . Of a randomly selected group of 50 students who said they followed presidential politics enough to comment , just nine told Daily Mail Online that the former secretary of state would make a good U.S. chief executive . Hillary 's detractors were far more passionate than her fans -- a potential problem since she needs a repeat of her grassroots-driven upset 2008 victory here in order to solidify her status as the Democrats ' standard-bearer . Stacey Benton , a government major from Florida who leans Republican , said a President Hillary Clinton is ` just going to continue a lot of things Obama has been doing . ' ` There has n't been much good in Obama 's foreign policy , ' Benton added . She called Clinton ` grizzled ' from a life in politics and said that ` just because she 's a woman does n't mean she should be president . ' SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEOS . THE COLLEGE ON THE HILL : Dartmouth is the only Ivy Leage school in an early presidential primary state , making it an intellectual hotspot for candidates looking to read the younger generation 's tea leaves . HELLO , NEW HAMPSHIRE ! Former secretary of state Hillary Clinton is in the Granite State this week for her first swing since declaring her candidacy for the White House . Twenty-two of the 50 Dartmouth students interviewed on Sunday mentioned the deadly 2012 terror attacks in Benghazi , Libya as a black mark on Clinton 's record . Many of them , like freshman Cameron Poole , were n't old enough to drive when it happened . ` I think there was blood on her hands , ' Poole told Daily Mail Online , referring to Clinton 's handling of an Islamist terror group 's military-style assault that laid waste to a State Department facility . He said he believes Clinton 's performance before , during and after should disqualify her from holding higher office . ` I definitely do , ' he said . ` It shows how she acts under pressure . ' Like most of his classmates , Poole was born during Bill Clinton 's second term as president . Team Hillary is carefully cultivating his generation 's progressives and moderates , emphasizing her grandmotherly listening skills while papering over her liabilities . Poole said he knows why Clinton is n't emphasizing her eight years as a presidential spouse . ` It almost seems like she tried to use the position of first lady to nudge her way into possessing political power , ' he mused , dropping hints about her ` Hillarycare ' medical insurance overhaul proposal . ` But I was n't too old at the time . ' New Hampshire election law allows college students to choose whether to register to vote at home or at school . Many of the students Daily Mail Online spoek with said they had n't decided yet ; but all of those wh ohad made up their mind said they would vote in the Granite State . POLITICAL CROSSROADS : Hanover , New Hampshire is a frequent presidential primary debate site , hosting Democrats in 2007 and Republicans -LRB- pictured -RRB- in 2011 . Most of the students who said they would vote for Hillary Clinton said they have little knowledge of her history before she led the State Department . ` I do n't know that much about her political baggage , ' conceded San Mateo , California native Maya Poddar , 19 . But she insisted that Clinton would make a strong candidate because of her support for liberal positions on social issues . ` I think it 's ridiculous that we have n't progressed to the point in society where things like gay marriage are n't still questioned , ' Poddar said . Other left-leaning students were lukewarm or directly hostile to Clinton . Dartmouth College government student Stacey Benton said of Clinton that ` just because she 's a woman does n't mean she should be president ' Robin Jayaswal of Portland , Oregon , a budding economist , would say only that ` she definitely is one of the more qualified Democrats for the position . ' Robert Stackhouse , a Fort Worth , Texas native , told Daily Mail Online that ` she does n't look like that fantastic a candidate . ' Stackhouse has few quibbles about Obama 's foreign policy -- ` it was probably more positive than negative , ' he said -- but is n't reassured by the idea of one of his secretaries of state taking over the Oval Office . ` It seems like she wants the job more than she would be good at it , ' said Stackhouse . Dartmouth , the only Ivy League school in an early presidential primary state , is picture-postcard-beautiful but also isolated . Hanover , New Hampshire is 80 miles away from the nearest commercial airport and more than a two-hour drive from Boston . So political discussions happen in a vacuum . ` We 're in a bubble here , ' one student nearing graduation told Daily Mail Online during a Sunday full of interviews in dining halls , academic study lounges and dorm rooms . The entire Granite State is in some ways a closed information ecosystem , built half of Boston exurbs and half of towns best described as small , smaller and smallest . Manchester , the state 's biggest city , has a population that barely ticks above 100,000 . Fully 70 per cent of New Hampshire towns are home to fewer than 5,000 . But the first-in-the-nation primary state 's voters wield enormous influence every four years , and Dartmouth is their intellectual center of gravity . Clinton is visiting New Hampshire on Monday and Tuesday for the first time since she launched her presidential campaign online a week ago . A LIFETIME AGO : Hillary Clinton was first lady from 1993 to 2001 , years when today 's Dartmouth College undergraduates were born . OUTSIZE INFLUENCE : Dartmouth sits in a town of 11,000 and remains both the northernmost and the smallest of the eight famed Ivy League universities . Her organization 's first seven days afloat were an experiment in rebranding a four-decades political veteran as a grinning grandma tuned in to the concerns of average voters . It 's a farcical ploy that just might work , according to Julia Lau , a Dartmouth economics major from Honolulu , Hawaii . ` Her life has always been in the spotlight , ' said Lau . ` I think that 's why it 's really interesting that she tried to go with this `` everyday American '' campaign . ' ` Everybody knows that her life has not necessarily been about the everyday American . ' Lau said if Clinton is the Democrats ' nominee , she would more likely than not vote for her anyway . ` Any attempt at trying to reach out to the everyday citizen is always going to be a good thing ... whether it 's just for show or if it 's actually genuine , ' Lau said . A young woman seated next to her in a campus cafeteria listened intently and summed up the philosophy : ` Fake it 'til you make it . ' Answers to two questions about Clinton seem to unite Dartmouth students : Neither her age nor her sex matters much to today 's collegiate elites . Clinton would be the second-oldest U.S. president , and ` people are going to bring up her age , but that does n't really matter , ' said Kevin Muzzi , a Democratic-leaning upperclassman from Greenville , Mississippi who voted for President Obama in 2012 . ONE-PERCENTER : ` Everybody knows that her life has not necessarily been about the everyday American , ' Dartmouth student Julia Lau said of Clinton . ` Age is not a huge factor for me , ' added government student Alex Frye of New Albany , Ohio . ` And I hope gender is a non-factor . I think it should be a non-factor . ' Jacob Cutler , a history major from Maryland , said , ` It may be a historic thing , but it should n't matter . I do n't really care what the gender of the person is . It 's whether their ideas are good . ' That 's the problem , Cutler added . ` She obviously has a lot of experience in a lot of ways , but what might keep her from winning is what she did with that experience , ' he said . ` Under Obama I really think we 've made a lot of mistakes ' with foreign policy , he explained , ` and some -LSB- were -RSB- under her tenure . ' ` I do n't know what she would do to change things . I think that 's for her to clear up . ' It 's early in the 2016 race , and for every student who talked with Daily Mail Online another two said they would n't start paying close attention until the fall . In October 2011 Dartmouth hosted a memorable Republican primary debate that included now-forgotten names like Michele Bachmann and Herman Cain . Four years earlier it was the Democratic Party that took over Hanover for a day , back when Barack Obama was just finding his voice . Maryland native Jacob Cutler , pictured with unofficial Dartmouth mascot ` Keggy , ' said electing the first female president ` may be a historic thing , but it should n't matter . I do n't really care what the gender of the person is ' But sometimes lightning in New Hampshire can strike early . It was in May 1987 -- almost as early in the cycle as today 's candidates find themselves -- when Sen. Gary Hart 's campaign imploded during a press conference in the Hanover Inn , just steps from the Dartmouth College green . The pothole in his road to the White House was an affair with model Donna Rice . Their trysting spot : a boat named ` Monkey Business . ' There 's not a single Dartmouth undergraduate today who was alive then . ` Most of the things I know about her were during her time as secretary of state , ' said Alex Frye , a government major from New Albany , Ohio . ` I do n't know much about what she did as a senator , or before that . ' ` It 's hard for me to think of any particular accomplishments , ' Frye told Daily Mail Online . ` I suppose -- I know she visited the most countries of any secretary of state . ' ` But when you see a bunch of messes abroad , you kind of think of who was -- well , it falls under who was secretary of state at the time . '