Boxer Amir Khan could face a police probe after posting pictures on Snapchat while driving his car on a busy road in California . The lightweight posted the pictures to the image sharing app from behind the wheel in the city of Fremont close to San Francisco . The 28-year-old splits his time between his hometown of Bolton and the US , where he is preparing for his next fight . Scroll down for video . Boxer Amir Khan , who could face a police probe after posting pictures on Snapchat while driving his car . The boxer posted this picture on Snapchat , while driving his car in the Fremont area of California near to San Francisco . Another picture that the boxer posted while appearing to be driving . Police are yet to say if they will look into the snaps . But according to Californian law , using a mobile phone while driving is an offence , which can result in fines or points on a licence , which if accumulated can result in a ban . However the Fremont Police Department have yet to say if they will be looking into the snaps and if an offence took place . It is not the first time that Mr Khan has posted pictures and videos from behind the wheel . Earlier this year , he uploaded a video to his Facebook page entitled , LA , Beverley Hills and Rodeo Drive . In it the boxer , can be seen introducing himself and the passengers in his car . In a video uploaded to his Facebook page , the boxer appears to be taking a video while travelling down Rodeo Drive in Beverly Hills . In the Facebook video , it is unclear if Khan was the one driving or holding the phone to shoot the clip . Although further on in the clip , the footage shows him travelling along Rodeo Drive , although it is unclear if he is the person driving or holding the mobile phone . The pictures come eight years after Mr Khan was convicted for driving without due care and attention after running over a man and breaking his leg . Geoff Hatton was crossing a road in Bolton town centre on March 2 , 2006 , when Khan 's £ 65,000 BMW 645 convertible swerved past a queue of cars which had stopped for a red light and ploughed into him . The pictures come eight years after the boxer , pictured , was convicted for driving without due car and attention . His right leg was detached from his hip and he had to have a metal rod inserted in his leg . He could walk only with the aid of a stick and died two years later . Khan was fined £ 1,000 and banned from driving for six months and weeks later was given a second ban for driving at up to speeds of 140mph on a motorway . A representative for Mr Khan refused to comment .