Lewis Hamilton insists he is ready for Nico Rosberg 's tactics should his Mercedes team-mate attempt anything underhand in the wake of his latest outburst . Rosberg 's criticism of Hamilton following Sunday 's Chinese Grand Prix has reopened old wounds that at times festered between the duo last year . The 29-year-old German claimed Hamilton selfishly slowed during the middle part of the race , drawing him back into a chasing Sebastian Vettel in his Ferrari . Lewis Hamilton -LRB- right -RRB- insists he is prepared for further criticism from Mercede 's team-mate Nico Rosberg . Hamilton beat his Mercedes colleague to win the Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai on Sunday . Mercedes top brass Toto Wolff and Niki Lauda insist Hamilton was not at fault , with the eventual one-two the best result for the team . With Rosberg distinctly second best to Hamilton so far this season - as he has been out-qualified and out-raced by the Briton in all three grands prix - it remains to be seen what tricks he might have up his sleeve to stop the rot and regain the advantage . In Monaco last year it has been suggested by many Rosberg deliberately thwarted Hamilton during qualifying , earning pole and following up with the race win . In Belgium , Rosberg earned a rebuke and had sanctions imposed on him by the team after colliding with Hamilton on only the second lap which forced the latter out of the race . Hamilton -LRB- right -RRB- led Rosberg at the Chinese Grand Prix , and later came under criticism from his team-mate . The British racer , who leads the Drivers ' Championship by 13 points , sprays champagne on a hostess . Although aware Rosberg may do all he can to beat him , an unperturbed Hamilton said : ` I feel pretty well prepared , having experienced all those kind of things . ` That stuff does n't cross my mind . I think we 're professional . We 've been through some ups and downs and now we 're in a good place . ` And anyway , I would like to think I am stronger this year and that will be reflected moving forwards . ' The bottom line is at present Rosberg does not have an answer for Hamilton 's form and pace as the 30-year-old has won eight of the last 10 races . Hamilton has also suggested Rosberg should seize a chance when it is presented to him , as was the case in Shanghai . Hamilton claimed after the race that Rosberg -LRB- left -RRB- was not quick enough to catch him even if he tried . The Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai finished with a Mercedes one-two , and Sebastian Vettel third for Ferrari . ` You have to try and sympathise with people 's opinions , ' said Hamilton . ` I always try , in all walks of life , to put myself in that position because you would n't want that to happen to you . You try to think that . ` But I said to the guys , if I was in second and I had the pace I had , I would have been pushing to be as close as possible and passing . That 's racing . Nico did n't try . ` They said maybe he was just comfortable second , and I said `` Well , that 's the difference between us . I want to win always '' . ` I would have done everything to get past , or at least pushed for three laps if I could . ' Hamilton drives during the Formula One Grand Prix race at the Shanghai International Circuit on April 12 . But then cuttingly , Hamilton added : ` Even if he had -LRB- pushed -RRB- , and he had got relatively close , he just was n't quick enough . ` If you take a step back , this is motor racing , man . Racing . Do n't take away the fun of the racing . It 's racing . ` If I was in second or third , I would have done everything . I would n't have sat back two seconds to make it to the end of the stint . ` Of course you want to get to the end of the stint , but if I thought I had more pace I would have tried to have got past , because that 's the best part . '