A sorority housekeeper at the University of Southern California was left screaming with joy after her ` girls ' gifted her $ 21,000 to buy herself the brand new car she was saving up for . Fannie Randle , who has worked at the USC sorority Gamma Phi Beta for 24 years , was driving to work every day in an old car that was held together with duct tape - inspiring USC senior and former Gamma Phi Beta president Alicia Jewell to show her gratitude for the housekeeper with one last gift before graduation in May . ` Her car , currently , it just should n't have to be like that , ' Miss Jewell told ATVN . ` So I was just like , `` You know what , she has so many alumni and so many girls that love her so let 's just get her a car . '' ' Scroll down for video . Act of kindness : University of Southern California senior and former Gamma Phi Beta president Alicia Jewell -LRB- R -RRB- presented the sorority 's housekeeper Fannie Randle -LRB- L -RRB- with a $ 21,000 check last Monday for a brand new car . Total shock : Ms Randle , who has been working at the USC sorority house for 24 years , shouted with joy after the surprise was revealed . Miss Jewell enlisted her sorority sisters and several former Gamma Phi Beta alumni , as well as their friends and family , to raise money for Ms Randle 's new car on the crowdsourcing website GoFundMe . And last Monday , Miss Jewell and her sisters thanked Ms Randle for all of her hard work over the years by surprising her with a check for $ 21,000 over dinner . ` Yes ! ' Ms Randle yelled before throwing up her arms with joy . The ecstatic housekeeper threw herself to the ground before bringing her arms back up again . Amazing moment : The housekeeper threw her hands in the air with joy . She had been saving for a new car because hers was old and held together with duct tape . ` Yes , yes , ' she said again as she pumped her fists through the air . Ms Randle went on the blow the girls kisses and give Miss Jewell an emotional hug . After she was presented with flowers in addition to the check , other sorority sisters threw their arms around Ms Randle . ` They mean everything to me , ' Ms Randle told the news station . ` They are wonderful , wonderful girls . ' Full of emotion : Ms Randle wiped away a tear after she was gifted flowers and a check . The sorority girls raised money for their housekeeper on the crowdfunding website GoFundMe . Second mom : The Gamma Phi Beta took turns hugging Ms Randle and thanking her for all of her hard work over the years . ` I 'm so choked up , ' she said . When asked what kind of car she was going to buy , Ms Randle joked : ` Not the red bucket I got now . ' ` Maybe a Honda , ' she added . ` I -LSB- would -RSB- like a Honda Accord . ' The Gamma Phi Beta members later gathered with Ms Randle in front of the house she has been working at for nearly 25 years to pose for a group photo to celebrate the momentous occasion . Full of love : Ms Randle said her ` girls ' mean everything to her . Savor the memory : Ms Randle posed with the girls outside of the Gamma Phi Beta sorority house .