Rampant Lazio carry an eight-game winning streak in Serie A into Saturday 's match at league leaders Juventus . The Biancoceleste , who have scored 18 goals and conceded just one in their last six Italian league games , will attempt to solidify their grip on second place . A victory would leave them nine points behind Juve with seven games remaining . Lazio , lead by Miroslav Klose and Felipe Anderson , have won eight games in a row in Serie A . Head coach Stefano Pioli says his side will go ` all out for victory ' against Juventus on Saturday . Juventus are unbeaten at home this season but they did slip to just their second defeat of the campaign last weekend in a major upset at bottom-side Parma . ` I 'm satisfied with what we have done , ' Lazio coach Stefano Pioli said to the Italian press . However , he stressed : ` We have not achieved anything yet . ` We need to continue to work with focus . ` There are many games left to play before we can celebrate . ` Against Juve we will try to go all out for victory . ` We do n't want to have any regrets after the game . ' The clash with Lazio comes at the start of a challenging week for Juve . Massimiliano Allegri 's team travels to Montecarlo on Tuesday for the return leg of their Champions League quarter-final against Monaco holding a 1-0 advantage . The Bianconeri will then take on Torino four days later in the Turin derby . Felipe Andrson celebrates after scoring during the 4-0 rout against Empoli last Sunday . Lazio face Massimiliano Allegri 's -LRB- pictured -RRB- Juventus , and will cut the gap to nine points with victory . Roma have won just two of their last eight league games to fall to third in the standings , one point adrift of Lazio . The Giallorossi hold the last Champions League qualifying spot and host Atalanta on Sunday . At the other end of the table , bottom-side Parma go into Sunday 's match at Empoli following another major blow . The club was docked four points on Thursday as punishment related to their financial troubles . Parma had already been hit with a three-point deduction earlier this season for failing to pay players . The latest setback has left Parma 18 points adrift of safety with 24 points still up for grabs . Napoli , seven points behind Roma , take on relegation-threatened Cagliari in Sardinia . Rafael Benitez 's side won 4-1 triumph at Wolfsburg in the first leg of its Europa League quarter-final tie Thursday . Fiorentina are one place and one point behind Napoli and host Hellas Verona on Monday . The Viola were also involved in Europa League action this week and held Dynamo Kiev to a 1-1 draw in the opening leg in Ukraine . Napoli will be looking to build on their impressive Europa League win against Hellas Verona on Monday . Sampdoria , who host third-bottom Cesena on Saturday , are unbeaten at their Luigi Ferraris stadium this season . Inter Milan and AC Milan clash at the San Siro on Sunday night . AC Milan are ninth in the standings , one place an one point clear of Inter and seven points adrift of the Europa League qualifying places . Torino have clinched seven points of a possible nine in their last three games to remain in contention for European football next season . The Granata are in eighth place and play at Sassuolo on Sunday . A win over Genoa on Sunday would be enough for Palermo to defend their Serie A status . The Sicilian club have collected 38 points so far to move 16 points clear of the drop zone . Udinese , without a victory since March 8 and in the midst of a five-match winless streak , travel to Verona to face Chievo . Both Inter and AC Milan are struggling for form ahead of this weekend 's derby match .