Niki Lauda 's red cap stood out like a beacon on the dull , grey tarmac of the biggest , most soulless paddock in all Formula One . The three-time world champion is colourful , candid and carefree . When your face is the charred remains of having nearly burned to death at the wheel of a Ferrari , why not throw caution to the wind or , in Shanghai 's case , the smog ? Lauda , now chairman of Mercedes F1 , aimed his first verbal grenade at his driver Nico Rosberg , who moments earlier had stood in front of him rotating his shoulders and about to play keepie-uppie to warm up for Friday 's second practice session for the Chinese Grand Prix . Niki Lauda aimed a first verbal grenade at his driver Nico Rosberg ahead of the race in Shanghai . Mercedes AMG Petronas driver Rosberg is pushed back into his garage during the second practice session . Rosberg ended that session , as he did the first , behind Lewis Hamilton -LRB- below -RRB- , his in-the-groove world champion team-mate who also markedly outperformed the German in the first two races , in Australia and Malaysia . Of course , not long after these words reach your breakfast tables in the shires , Rosberg may buck up and take pole , but it would be something of a surprise , not least to Lauda , if he did . ` Yes , Nico is definitely a little bit behind Lewis , ' said the Austrian . ` He has to sort himself out . It is not anything I can talk to him about . I do n't know why -- he is not driving as well as he was . He will know what he has to do , and he must do it himself . ' Rosberg looks on in the paddock after practice for the Chinese Formula One Grand Prix in Shanghai . Rosberg drives during practice for the Formula One Grand Prix of China at Shanghai International Circuit . Rosberg is supremely professional . There is no lack of effort on his part . It is more that his confidence seems to have been shaken , whereas it was so strong in the early and mid parts of last season . Then Hamilton put down the hammer , changing the dynamic for both men . At least Rosberg is not the watching neutral 's only hope of a contest breaking out this season , after Ferrari shocked everyone by winning a fortnight ago . Nobody was ever more pleased to see Sebastian Vettel wagging his finger in celebration than fans whose own digits were poised over the television remotes ' off-switches , so jaundiced were they by the prospect of Mercedes ' seemingly endless hegemony . Mercedes AMG Petronas driver Rosberg chats with team members on the pit wall after the first practice . Rosberg prepares to drive during practice for the Formula One Grand Prix at Shanghai International Circuit . Rosberg drives during practice for the Formula One Grand Prix of China at Shanghai International Circuit . As Bernie Ecclestone joked , Mercedes team principal Toto Wolff could have the legend , ` The man who killed Formula One ' , engraved on his tombstone . Lauda , a long-time friend of Ecclestone , has no time for sentiment . ` Even if Ferrari winning makes Bernie happy , I will still be upset , ' he said . ` The priority for me and Toto and Paddy -LRB- Lowe , the technical director -RRB- is to try to win every bloody race . It is our mission . Sebastian Vettel looks on from the team garage during practice for the China Formula One Grand Prix . Vettel drives during practice for the Formula One Grand Prix of China at Shanghai International Circuit . ` I do n't care about the politics or what is good for Vettel or Ferrari . It is not my responsibility to make the sport more interesting . My worry for us is that Ferrari won so early in the season . ` That gives them a lot of momentum . For an Italian team , momentum can be very important . ` The Italians are emotional and it works best for them when they have a blend of English , Germans and Italians . They have that now -LRB- James Allison , a British engineer is their technical director -RRB- . Vettel is a four-time world champion and so is someone to look up to . They have a combination of everything . ' Most observers thought Ferrari 's win in Malaysia might be a one-off created by the absurdly hot weather . But the evidence from practice is that the Scuderia may also be contenders in the considerably cooler Shanghai climate . Even though they appear not to be as quick over one lap , they look strong , possibly stronger than Mercedes , on a long run . Ferrari 's German driver Vettel is pushed back to his garage after stopping at the pit lane exit in Shanghai . Vettel drives during practice for the Formula One Grand Prix of China at Shanghai International Circuit . ` Qualifying does n't really worry us , ' said Lauda . ` But they will be close on race pace . ` They have made a big step up with their engine from last year to this , and I believe their horsepower is the same as ours . ' That was a big , honest and uplifting claim three races into a season that was being written off as a processional yawn .