Four men have been caught on CCTV robbing a service station and packing $ 38,000 worth of cigarettes into a doona cover . However they struggled to fit their large loot into the boot and lost about a third of it as they dragged the stash alongside the car during their getaway . The group of men , all wearing hooded jumpers , gloves and masking their faces , broke into the service station on Burwood Highway , Tecoma in Melbourne 's outer east on April 2 . Scroll down for video . Four men have been caught on CCTV robbing a service station in Tecomba , Melbourne . They are all wanted by Victoria Police for a series of break-ins on at least five different establishments in the area . Police revealed that the first man had a solid build and was wearing a white hooded jumper with a dark hood over the top , red pants and runners . The second had a thin build and was wearing a dark blue hooded jumper white a white logo on the front , dark shorts and runners . The third man had a thin build and was wearing a red hooded jumper , dark track pants with a white stripe and runners . The men filled a doona cover with $ 38,000 worth of cigarettes . However they failed to get the large loot in the boot . They are clearly seen in the footage holding crowbars and forcing their way into the premises . Not long after the break-in , three men appear with an overflowing doona cover filled to the brim with cigarettes . The driver gets out of the car and tries to help the men fit the massive loot in the boot . They decided to drag it alongside the car instead and lost about a third of their stash . When they realised it was too big for the boot , the men had to think of other ways to get away with their loot . When they realises that it is far too big , they all hop into the car , with the thief sitting in the passenger seat deciding to keep his car door ajar and drag the sack along next to it as they drive away . According to Victoria Police , the men lost about a third of their loot during the getaway . The men are also wanted for a burglary at a shopping centre on Mt Dandenong Road , Kilsyth on March 18 . The thief in the passenger seat kept his door open during the getaway . The doona was dragged alongside the car and the men lost a third of their loot . The men are wanted for five similar break-ins in the area . Four men broke into the centre and targeted a speciality store about 1.30 am , filling another doona cover with cigarettes before leaving . Investigators believe the same men returned to the same store on 31 March , but could n't gain access . Police believe the same men targeted three service stations 8 April including one on Warburton Highway , Lilydale , a station on Bell Street St , Yarra Glen and another on Ryans Road , Eltham North .