She 's the reality TV star with a penchant for plunging necklines and figure-hugging fashion , but Casey Batchelor is keeping things super sophisticated with her new clothing range . After teasing fans with some pre-release pieces , the Big Brother star and glamour model has unveiled her collection with Honeyz.com in full . Casey 's new line is full of boho frocks , paisley prints and flowing maxi dresses perfect for the summer season . Scroll down for video . Big Brother star and glamour model Casey Batchelor has unveiled her summer collection with Honeyz.com in full - and models all of the clothes herself , of course . Speaking about her new drop , which was inspired by the seventies influence spotted on the SS15 catwalks , Casey told FEMAIL : ` I 'm very excited about the launch of my first range . Every girl has a clothes obsession - and I am to the extreme ! ' . ` I have so many clothes it 's ridiculous but looking good and feeling good in our clothes is a big deal . Wearing the right clothes can make you go from feeling just OK to feeling great , which was the feeling behind my collection . ' Casey , who has her own walk-in-wardrobe at home , says that launching her own range of clothes and accessories is a ` dream come true ' . Casey teased her fans with some pre-release pieces and now she 's released the collection with Honeyz.com in all its glory . The glamour model 's new drop was inspired by the seventies influence spotted on the SS15 catwalks . Casey has also designed accessories to complement her outfits , which she says is a ` dream come true ' The reality TV star , who recently appeared on Celebrity Dinner Date , made sure to include lots of mix-and-match pieces in the range to ensure her fans could shake up their style depending on their mood . ` It 's always good to have a variety of styles and and looks to hand , ' she said . ` But remember to always keep it classy ! ' . Casey certainly shows her fans how to work the looks - and showcases her trim figure in the campaign shots . ` My figure has changed since I 've had my breast reduction , ' she explained . ` It 's allowed me to wear different types of clothing , which has been really nice to experiment with different styles . ` Before I would always have to wear a bra , whereas now I can get away with not wearing one with certain items . Also having smaller boobs does n't make me so top heavy anymore , which is more flattering in clothes . ' Casey shows her fans how to work the looks - and showcases her trim figure in the campaign shots . Casey loved creating her own fashion range so much that she already has her sights set on designing a shoe collection . ` Shoes are my weakness , ' she said . ` If I go to buy one pair , I always walk away with at least three or four . I would love to join up with a designer and properly design my own range , from heels to boots to wedges . I am definitely a shoe-a-holic . ' The star is n't limited to just fashion design and has been busy shooting a film called Bonded By Blood , which is out later this year . ` I 'm very excited for you all to see this because people do n't know that I am a trained actress . This is going to be a great way for people to see me in a different light as it 's a very serious role - it 's actually based on a true story , ' she said . ` I also have my radio show , which I co-present with Sam Dowler every Saturday on Vibe107 .6 . It 's lots of fun and we talk about lots of showbiz gossip and the events and premieres we have been to that week . ` I am hoping for my acting to take off and that is what I 'm focussing on so who knows ; in five years maybe I will be in Hollywood ! ' . The reality TV star made sure to include lots of mix-and-match pieces in the range to ensure her fans could shake up their style depending on their mood . Casey and Luisa Zissman were out in force on Tuesday night at the Care After Combat ball , a charity for which Casey is a spokesperson . The two ladies were like two peas in a pod , both wearing busty , floor-length gowns with their long curly hair flowing over their shoulders . Former Celebrity Big Brother contestant Casey looked thrilled as she proudly posed with her poster for the charity 's text campaign . The Care After Combat charity works to help service men and women when they return to civilian life . There mission statement explains just what they strive for : ` Is to help to maintain and promote camaraderie in the Veterans community for those feeling vulnerable or at unrest with society . ` We look to provide professional assistance where possible for the well-being of the Veteran and their family . ' Casey and Luisa Zissman were out in force on Tuesday night at the Care After Combat ball , a charity for which Casey is a spokesperson .