An elderly couple has spent four years living in the shadows after being forced to board up their windows because of constant anti-social behaviour . Charles Kingham , 86 , and partner Pauline Moore , 68 , have been together for 40 years and bought their home in the quiet Lincolnshire seaside resort of Mablethorpe for £ 35,000 in 1987 . They spent two years converting it into their dream home , but it became a ` living hell ' after it was converted into an integrated offender management centre , which deals with persistent criminals . Scroll down for video . Board stiff : The couple have been forced to board up every window in their home for protection . The pair have both suffered health problems as a result of the stress the ordeal has put them under . Mr Kingham , who served in the Merchant Navy and ran his own timber company before retiring , said : ` The biggest fear for me is going to bed and wondering if we are going to wake up if something is thrown through the letter box . ` We sit here sometimes and think how we have had such a wonderful life . ` But this is misery , absolute misery and nobody wants to do anything . That is the modern world . ' Ms Moore claimed the problems started when people started selling drugs nearby and would walk up their garden path ` high ' . Incidents intensified when the couple reported anti-social behaviour in the area . They were targeted on an almost weekly basis , with vandals smashing windows with stones and pelting their home with eggs and golf balls . The thugs even splashed cooking fat across the walls and path , urinated on their flowers and keyed their car . At least they have each other : The couple have been together for 40 years despite ` misery ' caused by thugs . Every single window of their home has been smashed and the couple eventually got so sick of having to spend time and money replacing them that they took drastic measures . The pair spent £ 700 on wood and boarded up the house for protection . They have been living in the shadows ever since . And although the house should be worth £ 100,000 , the couple believe they would have to sell for a knock-down price of £ 60,000 to escape the darkness . Retired office worker Ms Moore sobbed : ` This house was a dream home but our life has been made a living hell . ` We ca n't sell and are just stuck here so we 've barricaded ourselves in . It 's the only thing we could think of doing to stop the abuse . ` We have both got so low . I have developed a heart condition through anxiety . ` When they were banging on the windows , Charles went down with a chest infection because of the stress . I thought he was going to die . Dark days : Mr Kingham has to perform normal daily tasks in constant gloom since boarding up his home . ` The trouble started four years ago when the old lady who lived next door died and the house was turned into an integrated offender management centre . ` It was basically for offenders coming out of prison . We did n't have a problem with that at first but suddenly people in the area started selling drugs and coming up our garden path high and even urinating on it . ` We reported it to the police and ever since then we have been plagued with problems . ` The police have been down and seen the damage caused . We 've had a pan of chip fat put on the wall of the house and we had our little red Ford Fiesta completely keyed down both sides . Keen reader Mr Kingham -LRB- left -RRB- has been forced to read in a dark room since they boarded up the windows -LRB- right -RRB- . ` In November there was a big party nearby and at 3 am people were banging on our windows and shouting . ` We 've had eggs and golf balls thrown at our bungalow and three of our windows are still chipped . ` We did n't report every incident to the police because we thought we 'd just sell up and we hoped it would all stop but it has just got worse . ` We decided enough was enough and got the windows boarded up because it 's the only thing we could think of to do to protect ourselves . ` We have boarded up the two windows in the lounge , the two in the bedroom and the kitchen . The only ones that are n't boarded are the dining room and bathroom . ` It is quite dark inside and not nice sitting in total darkness when the weather is lovely but it was the only alternative and we do feel safer . Better days : The couple enjoying life on a holiday to the USA in the 1990s before the problems started . ` We could sell our bungalow which is not what we want to do . ` By law you have to declare anti-social behaviour so even though it is worth £ 100,000 we would probably only be able to sell it for £ 60,000 . ' Mr Kingham added : ` We are compiling a full report of incidents against our home but I fear it wo n't make much difference . Boarding the windows seemed the most common sense thing to do . ' Lincolnshire Police and East Lindsey District Council confirmed they were aware of the attacks on the couple 's home . Jon Challen , community safety team leader at East Lindsey District Council , said : ` Both the council and police take all reports of antisocial behaviour very seriously . ` Both agencies are working closely together on this matter but at this time there is no evidence that any offence has been committed . ' A spokesperson for Lincolnshire Police added : ` The local neighbourhood policing team are aware of the couple and the allegations of anti-social behaviour . ` Lincolnshire Police take all reports of ASB seriously and , together with partners at other agencies , have robust systems in place to assist those affected and identify the most vulnerable . ` To date in this case , no offences have been identified but police and ASB officers from East Lindsey District Council continue to offer support to Ms Moore and will investigate each reported allegation . '