This is the chilling moment a mysterious hairless creature chews its way through a steel cage . The description for the unsettling video - uploaded to YouTube last week by Raymond Yeung -- claims it was captured in the Shenzhen Reservoir in China 's Sand Bay . The clawed creature - which some say is a rare bear - can be seen aggressively biting through the cage with a visibly bleeding mouth before ripping the metal wire apart with its limbs . The vision has fuelled heated debates around the species of the ambiguous beast , with a string of different accounts coming to light . The dsiturbing video shows a mystery clawed creature biting through a steel cage with a visibly bleeding mouth . According to the video description , the animal was discovered swimming in Shenzhen Reservoir in China 's Sand Bay . It was reportedly fished out of the water by workers from the Department of Drainage , who later captured the animal in a steel cage . The clip has sparked heated debates on Chinese social media site WeiBo , with some users claiming it depicts a ` water monster ' from Chinese folklore . Other users alluded to the creature being impacted by pollution , with Shenzhen Reservoir being recently deluged with toxic sewerage that turned parts of the region blood red . Some claimed it was in fact a Malaysian Bear who was suffering from alopecia , a disease which causes baldness . The description for the unsettling video claims it was captured in the Shenzhen Reservoir in China 's Sand Bay after local workers found the animal swimming . The video has been the subject of heated online debates over the species of the animal , with some users claiming it is a mythical ` water monster ' and others that it 's a diseased Malaysian Bear . A similar video surfaced in January of an ailing sun bear in Borneo island in Malaysia , which had been beaten by local plantation workers and driven into the bush . It was reported this month that the animal was discovered at another nearby plantation , where it is being nursed back to health . David Neal , the director of Animals Asia , told Daily Mail Australia the caged animal ` looks like a bear cub which is suffering from some medical condition which has caused it to loose all of its fur . ' While he was unable to confirm if it was the same bear from the Borneo clip , he said he suspects it is and that the footage originates from Borneo not China . A heavily-polluted field in Shenzhen Reservoir , where the mystery beats was apparently captured , has fuelled accusations the animal may have been contaminated . Internet users have also claimed the animal in the clip is a Malaysian sun bear -LRB- pictured -RRB- which is suffering from alopecia , a disease which causes baldness .