Andres Iniesta has praised Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal for helping him make the breakthrough into the Barcelona first team . Van Gaal was Barca manager when Iniesta made his debut for the Spanish club during the 2002-03 campaign , and the Spain international has admitted he is grateful to Van Gaal for placing trust in him to make his senior debut . ` I think my first team debut was the most important day , Iniesta told Barcelona 's YouTube channel . ` It was the most important because I 'd been dreaming about it for so long . Louis van Gaal gave Andres Iniesta his Barcelona debut during the 2002-03 season . Iniesta reflected on his impressive career while speaking to Barcelona 's YouTube channel . ` I 'm grateful to -LSB- Louis -RSB- van Gaal for his trust and to all the coaches that I had before that taught me and helped me to get the nicest moment that I 'd been chasing up to that time . ' Iniesta also admitted he took great joy in defeating Chelsea and Manchester United during Barca 's run to Champions League success in 2009 , admitting his winning goal at Stamford Bridge was one of the highlights of his career . ` I consider the Rome final to have been one of the best finals of all time because of what the final was like and how we got there , Iniesta added . ` Especially after Stamford Bridge and the personal moment I lived with one of the most incredible experiences of my whole career . ` And also because of the circumstances leading up to the game , I had missed the cup final a week and a half before and I was injured , but I always remember that I wanted to play in that final for definite . We got the treble and that led on to achieving more things . ' Iniesta scores in injury time at Stamford Bridge to help Barcelona to a 1-1 draw at Chelsea in the 2009 Champions League semi-finals second leg . Iniesta celebrates with team-mate Samuel Eto'o with the draw enough to see Barca progress on away goals . With Lionel Messi looking on , Iniesta mobs Eto'o after Barcelona take the lead against Manchester United in the 2009 Champions League final played at the Stadio Olimpico in Rome . Barcelona would go on to defeat Manchester United 2-0 , with Messi -LRB- left -RRB- scoring the second goal as the Argentine and Iniesta lift the trophy inside the Stadio Olimpico .