Sirloin , topside and fillet are best saved for the roasting pan , chuck flank , rib-eye and skirt on the grill and when stewing go for brisket , shoulder and ribs . If you 're roasting a joint this Sunday , remember that thyme and red wine make perfect partners and do n't forget to scrape the roasting dish for juices to make a fresh delicious gravy . And when looking for a good cut of meat to grill or use for steak and fajitas , you want cuts that have a good marbling of fat . Research by Asda has found that rump , fillet and T-Bone are the most popular cuts of meat when eating out but when we cook at home the majority of us -LRB- 55 per cent -RRB- rely on burgers or mince . The supermarket 's study also showed a showing lack of beef knowledge in the under 35 's , which was highlighted further by the extensive knowledge of their senior counterparts . One in four youngsters think pocket and Y-bone are cuts of beef , whereas only a mere 3 per cent of over 55s fell for the fake cuts . In addition , this age bracket correctly identified shin -LRB- 78 per cent -RRB- and skirt -LRB- 72 per cent -RRB- as cuts of beef widely available across the UK but for the younger folk , those figures more than halved . Over a quarter of under 35 's avoid trying unusual cuts of beef because they assume it will be too expensive while 30 per cent admitted they had never been shown how to cook a cut of beef . A fifth of 18-34-year-olds also admitted they find larger cuts of beef daunting to cook . Although half of Brits in their 20s would happily choose rump steak on the menu at a restaurant , they lack the confidence or know-how to cook it at home and therefore rely on the staples of mince and burgers to feed their beefy cravings . Neil Moorcroft buying manager for beef at Asda said : ` It 's probably fair to say our grandparent 's generation are more likely to have been brought up on a varied diet of beef cuts depending on what was available from the local butcher . ` However busy lifestyles and a shift in family mealtimes has altered this over the years , which is why it 's become easy to fall into the same old shopping and cooking routines . ` But it 's never too late to experiment and beef up those cooking skills , so if you get stuck just ask for tips at your local butcher 's counter ' . ` Bigger cuts of meat can be daunting , but they have great versatility , value for money and are definitely worth getting to grips with . ' Best for Roasting . Preparing a roast can be daunting , but the cuts below are always a safe bet for any Sunday roast . Sirloin . Topside . Top Rump . Fillet . Get your roast on : . 1 . Allow it to reach room temperature before cooking . 2 . On a medium to high hob heat , seal the beef joint in a large frying pan with a touch of oil ensuring all sides are sealed by turning the joint every two to three minutes . 3 . Transfer to a oven roasting dish and seasoning with salt and pepper , place into a preheated oven -LRB- 190c/fan 170c -RRB- and allow to cook for 20 minutes per 500g for a juicy medium cooked joint . 4 . Remove meat from roasting tray and allow to rest on a plate in a warm area for 15-20 minutes before serving use the roasting dish and juices to make a fresh delicious gravy . 5 . Thyme and red wine is a perfect partner for roast beef . Best for Grilling . When looking for a good cut of meat to grill or use for steak and fajitas , you want cuts which have a good marbling of fat and also a tender joint which does n't need to be beaten or stewed in order to bring out the flavours . Go for : . Flank . Skirt . Sirloin . Ribeye bone-in . Become a grill master : . 1 . If you 've bought a cheaper cut such as flank or top blade then marinating these meats first -LRB- overnight if possible -RRB- will really help to tenderize them . 2 . Use a red hot grill pan which sizzles when you add the steak and try not to push it around or turn it too quickly if you want to create those famous griddle marks . 3 . Similarly to a roast , let the steaks rest for five minutes before eating to allow meat to relax and become more tender . Best for Stewing . These cuts of beef are often the most cost effective because they require that extra bit of love and care in the kitchen , but do n't let the time put you off . The flavours are well worth the wait for a tasty bubbling stew . Brisket . Shoulder . Beef ribs . Shank . Stew your way to success : . 1 . Low and slow is the key phrase here , so get yourself a heavy bottomed casserole pot or slow cooker , and plenty of stock to allow for a long slow cook . 2 . Preparation is easy , any veg can simply been thrown in at the start and left to bubble away . 3 . Four hours should result in tender chunks of beef ready to accompany sides such as mash , dumplings or Yorkshire puds .