Flying for business or pleasure is one of the most thrilling experiences in the world , but it remains full of mystery for the average traveller . Curious passengers have burning questions every time they step foot on a plane -- from whether pilots require a key to start a plane to where flight attendants sleep on long-haul flights . MailOnline Travel spoke to a number of experts to debunk some of the myths that exist and answer some of travellers ' frequently asked questions about planes . Scroll down for video . Once a pilot initiates the sequence to start a modern plane , the remaining steps are done automatically . How do pilots start a plane ? It 's not as simple as turning a key or pushing a single button . Starting a plane is ` a little more complicated ' than starting a car , said Captain Piers Applegarth , a representative of the British Airline Pilots Association -LRB- BALPA -RRB- . The retired training captain said an air start motor rotates the jet engines before adding fuel and starting the ignition . He said : ` This means that there are a few levers and buttons that need to be moved . On modern aircraft , most of this is done automatically once the start sequence is initiated but a pilot can still start it manually . ' Flight attendants eat the same meals that are provided to passengers if the airline bothers to feed them at all . Is the crew served the same food as passengers ? If meals are provided by the airline , pilots do not eat the same reheated chicken or pasta dishes that are served to passengers in economy . To reduce the risk of food poisoning , the captain and co-pilot usually eat different meals , said Mr Applegarth . Like passengers , the flight crew can bring their own food on board , but the meals provided to them are the same or variations of the meals provided to passengers in business class . Caterers will sometimes load meals designated specifically for the crew , said Patrick Smith , a pilot and author of Cockpit Confidential . He said : ` At my airline we are given a menu prior to departure and will write down our entree preferences -- first choice , plus at least one alternate . ` Eating in the cockpit can be messy , so on international flights I usually take my meals in the cabin , on my rest break . ` With potential illness in mind , pilots are encouraged to eat different entrees , but this is not a hard and fast rule . In practice it comes to down to your preferences and what 's available . ' Flight attendant Sarah Steegar , who works for a major US airline , said if -- ` and that 's a big if ' -- an airline provides food to cabin crew it will be the same food that is served to passengers . But it 's rare for some airlines to provide meals to flight attendants on flights under 12 hours , she added . ` If there are meals left over we can have that . Many of us try to bring our own food , but it 's a challenge , considering periods of time with no refrigerators and different liquid restrictions and customs laws . ` Fun fact : the UK is the most difficult when it comes to trying to bring food for ourselves . ' The Airbus A350 has private sleeping quarters for flight attendants on long-haul flights . Where do pilots and cabin crew sleep and go to the loo ? Planes that fly long-haul routes which require more than two pilots usually contain private bunks for the flight crew , said Mr Applegarth . In other cases pilots try to catch some shut-eye in special rest seats allocated for them within or near the cockpit , or within the passenger cabin , he added . Mr Applegarth said : ` Generally flights less than about 10 hours and 30 minutes only carry two pilots . For longer flights extra pilots are carried so that each pilot can have a chance to sleep and be rested for the landing . ' The Airbus A380 , which is the world 's largest passenger airliner , has private sleeping quarters below its decks which flight attendants use for rest . Mr Smith said : ` Flight attendants also work in shifts , and similarly to the pilots their rest quarters can either be a designated block of cabin seats or a separate room somewhere . ` Many flight attendant rest quarters are located in the far aft of the plane , above or below the main deck , and can accommodate six or more cabin crew simultaneously . ' When nature calls , flight and cabin crew on most planes use the same toilets as passengers . The Boeing 747 , the original jumbo jet , has a lavatory just for pilots . Prior to any flight the crew will verify that the toilets have been serviced and the waste tanks are empty . What happens if a toilet 's tank fills up ? The toilets can not be emptied in the sky , so that means all of the human waste is stored on board until the plane lands and a ground crew empties the tanks . ` If the toilet becomes full then it is out of action and the flight attendants block out the toilet so it ca n't be used , ' said Mr Applegarth . Prior to any long-haul flight the crew will verify that the toilets have been serviced and the waste tanks are empty , Mr Smith added . He said : ` It seldom happens , but if a particular lavatory tank fills or overflows en route , that lav will be closed off . It 's extremely unusual for all of the lavs to become unusable -- a serious situation that could result in the flight being diverted . ' Pilots monitor multiple frequencies and occasionally chat with other pilots about turbulence . Do commercial pilots communicate with other pilots during a flight ? Mr Applegarth said pilots are always monitoring multiple frequencies and occasionally chat with other pilots who are in the air . He said : ` We are always listening out on one frequency that air traffic are using and we use another radio tuned to a special frequency to listen out for aircraft which may have an emergency . ` We also have a chat frequency that we can use to share information such as turbulence . ' The amount of fuel that is consumed depends on the aircraft type , altitude , flight path and weather . How much jet fuel is required ? A jet engine typically burns about 2,400 pounds -LRB- approximately 1,100 litres -RRB- of fuel per hour , with planes carrying a lot more fuel than required for the individual trip . Mr Applegarth said : ` For a flight we load an amount of fuel that is the sum of the fuel needed to fly the route , an extra amount added for contingency -- for instance , in case we have to hold -- some extra fuel so that we could divert to another airfield and we also have to land with a minimum amount of fuel even if we used all the fuel just mentioned . ` So after a flight we always have a minimum of fuel on board . On top of this , pilots can also decide to add extra fuel for each trip if they think it will be needed above and beyond that above . ' Mr Smith said the amount of fuel that is consumed depends on the aircraft type , altitude , flight path and weather . A Boeing 767 on a flight from London to New York would burn about 75,000 pounds of jet fuel -LRB- 34,020 litres -RRB- , while a Boeing 747 or an Airbus A380 might use twice that amount , he said . Condensation trails are similar to the fog that results when a person exhales on a cold day . Why do planes leave long white trails in the sky ? These condensation trails form when humid exhaust from jet engines cools very quickly in colder and dryer air at higher altitudes . Mr Smith said : ` It 's not unlike the fog that results when you exhale on a cold day . In other words , contrails are clouds . ` Water vapour , strange as it might seem , is a by-product of the combustion within jet engines , which is where the humidity comes from . ' ` Not even the world 's strongest man would be able to open ' a plane door in mid-air , said one expert . What would happen if a plane 's door suddenly opened mid-flight ? This ranks among passengers ' biggest fears , but Mr Applegarth said it is extremely unlikely , if not impossible , for someone to open the door as the pressure inside the plane is much greater than the pressure outside . He said : ` This means the door is being forced closed . Not even the world 's strongest man would be able to open it . ' Mr Smith added : ` In addition to any mechanical latching , most aircraft doors open inward before they open outward , and like a drain plug they are held in place by the forces of the pressurised cabin . ` If a door were to open somehow the result would be a very quick decompression , though in all likelihood not a destructive or catastrophic one . ' Margins on the average economy class ticket are similarly thin , said pilot and author Patrick Smith . How much money does an airline pocket from each ticket sale ? A recent Travelzoo study found that British Airways ' profit margin for each £ 690 ticket it sold for a flight from London to New York was just £ 4.24 , accounting for 0.61 per cent of the overall cost . Almost the entire cost of the return flight went towards taxes , surcharges and operating costs . Mr Smith said budget airlines probably make nothing from their super-cheap promotional fares , and margins on the average economy class ticket are similarly thin . ` Margins on a premium-class long-haul fare costing thousands of pounds , on the other hand , will be much higher , ' he said .