Former Royal Marine Bobby Burnett beat his girlfriend and banned her from wearing revealing clothes in a two-year-long campaign of terror . A controlling Afghanistan veteran who beat his girlfriend and banned her from wearing revealing clothes has been jailed for a two-year-long campaign of terror . Royal Marine Bobby Burnett forced Samantha Chudley to stop wearing make-up because he wanted to make her less attractive to other men , and forced her to hand over the passwords of her e-mail and social media accounts so he could monitor them , Exeter Crown Court heard . The 30-year-old installed a tracker app on her smartphone and brutally attacked her when she visited him at the Commando Training Centre at Lympstone , Devon , and at her home . His violence and the stress of his controlling behaviour led her to have two miscarriages , one of which happened days after he punched her in the stomach when she was ten weeks pregnant , the court was told . The otherwise exemplary Marine 's personality changed because he was taking a powerful illegal steroid normally given to beef cattle to make them increase body mass , the court was told . He told police she was lying about his repeated assaults but inquiries showed he had asked the Marines for help to control his domestic violence . And checks on his mobile phone showed hundreds of texts in which he begged her to forgive his attacks and promised to stop hitting her . Burnett was a Marine with an exemplary service record who has been thrown out of the Corps after a routine drug screen showed he was taking steroids . Burnett , 30 , who has been in custody since leaving the Commando Training Centre , admitted aggravated harassment and making threats to kill and was jailed for two years and two months by Judge Phillip Wassall . He told him : ` Miss Chudley lost all confidence in herself . She was even having to check with you what she could wear and you began to chastise her for wearing make up . ` If she ever questioned you , your response was to attack her , grabbing her by the neck , holding her up against walls , putting her to the floor and telling her to shut up . ` She says the assaults happened on a weekly basis although you say there were longer periods between attacks when you could control your temper . ` This was a relationship where you set out to control her by violence to the extent her will was completely broken and she became completely subservient to your control over the best part of two years . ` You were not only abusing alcohol but taking steroids at the time and it is well known they can cause bad temper and cause violence . The 30-year-old installed a tracker app on her smartphone and brutally attacked her when she visited him at the Commando Training Centre at Lympstone , Devon , and at her home , the court was told . ` This was a protracted history of very serious domestic violence . The aggravating features are the continued and repeated threats and extreme domestic violence . ` You now acknowledge your responsibility and I believe you have had a change of heart and are far less dangerous than you were . It is an attribute of your steroid abuse that it played some part in your behaviour . ' The judge made a restraining order banning Burnett from contacting Miss Chudley ever again . Miss Emily Pitts , prosecuting , said texts recovered from Burnett 's phone showed the domination he asserted over his partner . One said : ` I wo n't change . You will always have to live by my rules and do what I say . ' She only left him after two years of repeated assaults and his increasing domination in which he would attack her and call her a s ** g if she wore make up or attractive clothes . Miss Pitts said his attacks and bullying led to Miss Chudley becoming a shell of her normal self and feeling worthless and enslaved . Miss Pitts said : ` She went through months and months of torture . He would go out of his way to make her feel like she was nothing . ` She says she felt worthless and he destroyed all her confidence . Friends told her they did not recognise her as the same person while she was under his control . ` He would constantly question her about where she was and who she was with and installed a tracking app on her phone . She felt sick and trapped . ` She is petrified that when he is released she will become the focus of his rage at the fact that his life has fallen apart and will find her and hurt her or even kill her . ' Mr Barry White , defending , said that since acknowledging his guilt Burnett is a changed man who is determined to address the issues which led him to treat Miss Chudley as he did . He provided references from Burnett 's previous partner and a new girlfriend , both of whom say he has behaved well towards them . He also provided testimonials from the Marines showing an unblemished 11 year record in which he saw action in Afghanistan , Iraq , and the 2011 operation in Libya . He said : ` He went off kilter . This relationship was toxic and dysfunctional and he knows he carries the burden of responsibility for that . '