China is poised for its biggest corruption case since Mao Zedong 's widow went on trial for treason with the rest of the ` Gang of Four ' . Former national security chief Zhou Yongkang -- an ally of Bo Xilai , the top official jailed two years ago over the murder of Briton Neil Heywood - is accused of corruption and leaking of state secrets , Beijing prosecutors announced yesterday . He is likely to be found guilty , and could be executed . The all-powerful Chinese Communist Party has always been reluctant to admit to any high level wrongdoing , despite growing murmurs that the greed of officials has been running out of control while the economy has been ballooning in size . Trial : Former national security chief Zhou Yongkang is embroiled in the biggest corruption case since Mao Zedong 's widow -LRB- pictured right -RRB- went on trial with the rest of the ` Gang of Four ' So the move to announce charges against Zhou is being touted by official media as proof that the leadership is determined to take action -- although some commentators argue that it is simply a sign of internal divisions and score-settling between factions in the party . Officially , however , Zhou , 72 , is the highest-level official charged as part of President Xi Jinping 's anti-corruption campaign that began in late 2012 . If the trial proceeds as expected he will be the most senior politician to face court since the sensational 1981 trial of Chairman Mao 's widow , his fourth and last wife Jiang Qing , and the rest of the ` Gang of Four ' over claims they persecuted political opponents during the 1966-76 Cultural Revolution . A useful side effect of the case will be that it will destroy for ever any hopes Zhou may have had of rivalling the party 's leadership . China 's Supreme Court last month said in a report that Zhou and Bo Xilai had both engaged in political activities that damaged the unity of the ruling Communist Party . The wording left it unclear whether the two were being accused of plotting together or separately . But Zhou is charged with ` huge ' bribe-taking , abuse of power and intentionally leaking state secrets . Given his previous role as a security chief , there is scant sympathy for him . The China director of Human Rights Watch , Sophie Richardson , said on Twitter : ` Zhou Yongkang , pivotal in denying so many the right to a fair trial , wo n't get one himself . '