West Ham manager Sam Allardyce is not bothered by how Manchester City will react to their slump , only that his own players produce the goods at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday . A terrible run of form has seen City slip down into fourth place , their 4-2 loss to rivals Manchester United leaving Manuel Pellegrini 's side well adrift of leaders Chelsea and now in a battle to stay ahead of Liverpool in the race for Champions League qualification . However , West Ham are also in need of some consistency , with a stoppage-time goal conceded at home to Stoke denying them what would have been only a third league win of 2015 . West Ham manager Sam Allardyce will hope for a strong end to the season , but it has threatened to tail off . Allardyce reacts on the touchline during the Hammers ' match with Stoke City at Upton Park last weekend . ` I am more concerned about getting the best out of my team , ' said Allardyce , whose side are now in 10th place , having once looked set for a European qualification challenge themselves . ` Maybe City are a wounded animal and they might come out all guns blazing or they might be tentative . We wo n't know until the match starts . ` We are expecting them to put in a determined performance in front of their own fans . ' Allardyce added : ` The motivation for our players should be that they have let themselves down by not achieving the results that they should have done from the positions we have been in . ` We want to get the feel-good factor back by winning a few games and getting the confidence back up . ' Allardyce believes the Irons can yet go on to secure their best finish since winning promotion back to the top flight . ` At the moment we want to reach the 50-point mark or higher , that will make sure we finish higher than we have done in the three years we have been back , ' he said . Enner Valencia -LRB- left -RRB- is expected to return at the Etihad Stadium , but a thigh strain has ruled out Diafra Sakho . West Ham will be without Senegal forward Diafra Sakho because of a thigh strain , but Enner Valencia has recovered from a foot problem and so will lead the front line alongside veteran striker Carlton Cole . Allardyce said : ` Those two guys have to perform to the very best and find the goals we need to try to win the game . ` Playing at our top level is our aim on Sunday . Whether that gets us the result or not we will have to wait and see based on the quality of the opposition we are against , because when you play Manchester City all of your players have to be on top form in all areas . ` If our lads have their shooting boots on , which we need , then you never know . '