The family of a 19-month-old girl with a seven kilogram cancerous tumour in her belly are desperately searching for specialists who may have the answer to removing the treatment-resistant growth . Little Rosannah Gundry was diagnosed with stage three neuroblastoma cancer in December last year , after a specialist at Sydney 's Westmead Children 's Hospital discovered the football-sized tumour , which weighs more than half her body weight , growing around her vital organs and pressing against her spine . Rosannah , from Baradine in north western New South Wales , had been misdiagnosed with scoliosis when she was three months old , but her aunt , Jessica Searle , said that Rosannah 's mother knew something more was wrong when the toddler 's stomach began to swell . Little Rosannah Gundry was diagnosed with stage three neuroblastoma cancer in December last year . ` Her mother Jamielee kept saying to the doctor that it was n't scoliosis . She was pale and not eating , and vomiting up her food , so she kept looking for a second opinion , ' Ms Searle , 25 , told Daily Mail Australia . In December last year , twelve months after Rosannah was originally diagnosed with scoliosis , the family was given the devastating news that she had stage three neuroblastoma cancer . ` I just do n't think her parents had prepared themselves for the news . Even when she was having tests , I do n't think they let themselves believe it , ' Ms Searle said . The tumour had wrapped itself around her organs and up her spine to near her heart , and was releasing huge amounts of adrenaline , which meant that the toddler needed to be put on heart medication to balance her racing heartbeat of 200 beats per minute . Rosannah was admitted to hospital immediately , and began chemotherapy treatment on the huge tumour , in the hope that it would shrink to a size which could be operated on . ` The oncologist said to us that he was hopeful that after four rounds of chemotherapy it would be able to be removed . While we were waiting for the rounds Rosannah got quite sick and contracted a staph infection , ' Ms Searle said . The seven kilogram tumour is pressing against her spine and vital organs causing her swollen stomach . Rosannah 's aunt Jessica Searle is seeking treatment for her niece in the United States . Rosannah had four rounds of chemotherapy which her oncologist had hoped would shrink the tumour . ` It 's been quite a battle for the poor little thing . ' Rosannah and Jamielee , a single mother , have been staying in Ronald McDonald House while the rest of their family lives several hours away in country NSW . A day before her last chemotherapy treatment , Rosannah 's mother Jamielee gave birth to her second child , Skylah , and just two week later , was told that the chemotherapy had n't been successful in reducing the tumour to an operable size . ` We were told that the chemotherapy had been ineffective because the tumour had developed a protective barrier which meant it was immune . They also could n't put her into radiation therapy because of how close it is to her organs , ' said Ms Searle . Rosannah 's extended family have now begun reaching out to specialists overseas in the hope that there may be treatment available in the United States that is not available in Australia . A day before Rosannah 's last chemotherapy treatment , her mother gave birth to her little sister Skylah . Ms Seale said that Rosannah 's mother has been very strong even through the delivery of Skylah -LRB- right -RRB- . Her oncologist has also continued to seek advice , and the family is hopeful that a solution will be found to buy some more time for the ` fun-loving ' little girl . ` She 's a cracker of a child , despite her pale skin and overly large stomach you would n't pick that she has something wrong with her , ' said Ms Searle . ` She 's very carefree and runs wild like any other child , she 's a very happy little girl . ' However , it has been a month since Rosannah 's last treatment , and her aunt said she is beginning to experience more pain as her condition worsens . ` She 's been eating less and ca n't walk for more than a few metres before she falls over in pain , crying , ' Ms Searle said . ` We found out this week that this is because the tumour is pushing on her spinal cord and catching the nerves there , ' she said . ` Sometimes when I look into her eyes it 's like she knows something is really wong . ' Ms Seale said that the family and Rosannah 's oncologist are n't giving up hope , and that they are determined to keep searching for a solution . The family is hopeful that a solution will be found to buy some more time for the ` fun-loving ' little girl . ` She 's very carefree and runs wild like any other child , she 's a very happy little girl , ' said Ms Seale . It has been a month since Rosannah 's last treatment , and her aunt said she is beginning to experience more pain as her condition worsens . ` Her oncologist is looking into using a specialised dye which is currently used to show where the cancer is in her body , but could possibly kill the cells if used in a strong enough dose , ' she said . ` But he ca n't promise anything and so both he and our family are talking to overseas specialists about the next step . ' Ms Seale has set up a GoFundMe page to raise money to help Rosannah and her mother fly to the US to seek treatment not available in Australia . ` I feel as though the health system has failed her big time . We want to buy her some time , and the only thing holding us back is the financial side . ' Ms Seale said that the whole ordeal has been exhausting , and pyschologically is beginning to take it 's toll . ` I 've been trying to support Jamielee , going back and forth and doing everything I can to make sure she does n't feel like she 's alone , ' she said . ` I am so proud and amazed by how strong she is . If I was in that position I would n't be coping . She just gets up and soldiers on , she has n't cried , she 's doing really well , ' said Ms Searle . Ms Seale , who has a three-year-old son herself , said that she wants as many people as possible to come forward and support Rosannah . ` We just want to give her the best opportunity at life , and we ca n't do that here , ' she said .