Jamie Carragher believes Chelsea captain John Terry is the best defender to have ever graced the Premier League . Terry , 34 , has enjoyed another impressive season at Stamford Bridge and was the star performer as he led Jose Mourinho 's side to a 0-0 draw against Arsenal on Sunday . The draw at the Emirates means Chelsea now need just six points from five games to claim their first Premier League title since 2010 . John Terry celebrates after the Premier League match between Arsenal and Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium . Jamie Carragher believes the Chelsea captain is the best defender to have played in the Premier League . Carragher insists Terry deserves much of the credit , saying on Sky Sports : ` There 's no doubt that , just behind -LRB- Eden -RRB- Hazard in this Chelsea team , Terry has been the most influential . ` We 've seen -LRB- Cesc -RRB- Fabregas , -LRB- Nemanja -RRB- Matic and Diego Costa feature in the early part of the season , but if you look at Terry 's display -LRB- against Arsenal -RRB- he was outstanding . ` We talk about Chelsea being a defensive team , but sometimes you 've got to say they defend brilliantly , and Terry is the best . Carragher -LRB- left -RRB- claimed Terry has been almost as influential as Chelsea 's star man Eden Hazard . ` There have been a lot of great centre-backs in Premier League history , but I think he has been the best that we 've seen . ' Blues boss Mourinho was also quick to praise his captain after Sunday 's draw and even claimed it was Terry 's best performance in a Chelsea shirt . Mourinho said : ` I told John Terry in the dressing room that he made fantastic performances with me in six years but for me this was the best I have seen from him . ` It was the best JT has ever played . His defensive performance was absolutely amazing . ' Terry looks to get the better of Arsenal striker Olivier Giroud during the 0-0 draw in north London . Blues boss Jose Mourinho hailed Terry 's performance against Arsenal as the ` best ' he has seen .