A middle-aged mother from New Orleans has been arrested for allegedly dousing two teenage girls with bleach for cutting in line at a gas station store . Police say 55-year-old Deanna Rudison was captured on a surveillance camera at Quick Stop gas station in the 3300 block of Carondelet Street this morning splashing a liquid believed to be bleach at an 18-year-old girl and her 15-year-old friend . Just hours after the incident , which took place just before 8 am Monday , the woman turned herself in and was arrested on two counts of aggravated battery . Bleach attack : Deanna Rudison , 55 , has been charged with aggravated battery after New Orleans police say she was caught on video throwing bleach in the face of two Cohen High School students -LRB- one of them pictured here in her school uniform talking on the phone -RRB- . Splashed : This is the moment the suspect doused the girls with bleach , allegedly in retaliation for skipping the line at the convenience store . Rudison 's son , 27-year-old Jonathan Rudison , who was with her and allegedly took part in the attack on the two Cohen High School students , remained at large Monday evening . Investigators say the older of the two victims was standing in line at the gas station convenience store at around 7.40 am when Deanna Rudison came up to her angrily accusing the girl of skipping the line to pay for her purchases . The 18-year-old girl went outside to speak to her friend in the parking lot when Rudison approached the two carrying two white bottles of liquid from the Quick Stop and threw it in the girls ' faces , as seen in a surveillance video obtained by Nola.com . Crime scene : The incident took place Monday morning at this Quick Stop gas station in New Orleans . Moments later , Rudison 's son joined the group in the parking lot and a tussle ensued . During the physical altercation , which involved pushing and shoving , the man allegedly hurled one of the high school students to the ground , breaking her arm , reported WVUE . The mother and son then took off from the scene of the crime . One of the girls gave chase and managed to kick a window 's in Rudison 's silver car before it peeled off from the parking lot . Both girls were taken to the hospital to be treated for a suspected exposure to bleach , and one of them was also treated for a fracture . In the course of the investigation , Deanna Rudison showed up at the Sixth District police station this afternoon and turned herself in . Her son has been named a person of interest in the parking lot attack .