Baylee Almon should be gearing up for her first legal drink on Saturday . Probably at college , probably able to drive , she should be toasting the next phase of her life with her mother , stepfather , brother , sister and cousins at home in leafy Choctaw , Oklahoma . But no , she was one of 19 toddlers killed in a daycare center on April 19 , 1995 , in the worst case of homegrown terrorism America has ever seen , the day after her first birthday . The Oklahoma City bombing , planted by veteran US Army soldier Timothy McVeigh , killed 168 American people . One photograph encapsulated the terror : a firefighter emerging from the burning wreckage cradling the lifeless body of Baylee Almon . Her 23-year-old single mother saw the picture on the front page of the local paper the next day . A day later , it had swept the world . Two decades on , the shock is still raw . One photograph encapsulated the terror : a firefighter , Chris Fields , emerging from the burning wreckage cradling the lifeless body of Baylee Almon . ` It does n't get easier ' : Aren Almon-Kok , pictured at the memorial for her daughter Baylee , who was killed in the Oklahoma City bombing of 1995 the day after her first birthday . Then a 23-year-old single mother , Aren saw the picture of her lifeless daughter on the front page of the local paper the next day . A day later it was on the cover of newspapers across the world . Painful : Aren said she learns to deal with the grief but the milestones get more difficult every year . Baylee -LRB- pictured -RRB- had just turned one when Aren dropped her off at a daycare center before going to work . Remembering : Aren and her family throw a party for Baylee on her birthday every year . Horrific : Aren describes how she searched for hours for Baylee until eventually , in St Anthony 's Hospital , she was approached by a priest and a pediatrician who delivered the devastating news . ` It gets harder every year , ' Aren Almon-Kok told DailyMail.com from her home on the outskirts of Oklahoma City , where she lives with her husband and two children . ` People say `` it 'll get easier '' or `` you 'll find closure '' . I do n't think it does , and I do n't think I will . ` I had to see Baylee dead every day . No one should ever have to see that . ` You learn to deal with it differently , but every year the milestones are worse . ' Sixteen was hard . Twenty-one is the worst . Everything I missed , everything I did n't get to be part of . I 'm trying not to think about it . ' As the 20-year anniversary approaches , many still feel betrayed and bemused by the attackers , who branded themselves patriots . Unlike Dzokhar Tsarnaev and the 9/11 hijackers , Timothy McVeigh had fought for his country in the Gulf War . Parking a rented Ryder truck loaded with explosives outside the Alfred P Murrah building that morning was his way of attacking the ` tyrannical ' federal government . He told a court he wanted revenge for the 76 lives lost in a fire at the Waco barracks in Texas , exactly two years earlier , when the FBI ham-handedly tried to expel intruders . He was executed in 2001 , and his co-conspirator Terry Nichols , now 60 , remains in jail serving 161 life sentences . Even before investigators identified the American perpetrators , the country was struggling to understand the concept of terrorism in Oklahoma City . When the building exploded at 9.01 am , Mrs Almon-Kok thought it was construction work . But word soon reached her office , and she spent the next two hours scouring hospitals for her only child . Eventually , sitting in the crammed waiting room at St Anthony 's Hospital , she was approached by a pediatrician and a priest who delivered the news . She did n't know aspiring photojournalist Charles Porter had captured the moment Baylee was carried from the building , her pink socks stained red from the shards of glass , in a picture that would go on to win a Pulitzer Prize . ` I was very young at the time , I was 23 , ' she said . ` My parents saw the picture on the paper the next morning and tried to hide it from me . I came downstairs looking for something to read and they said `` we did n't get any mail today '' . ` I knew that was ridiculous , we always got the paper . So I went looking around for it and , yes , as soon as I saw it I said , `` that 's Baylee '' . The Oklahoma City bombing , planted by veteran US Army soldier Timothy McVeigh , killed 168 people . It was the worst case of homegrown terrorism America has ever seen , and shook the nation . Unlike Dzokhar Tsarnaev and the 9/11 hijackers , Timothy McVeigh had fought for his country in the Gulf War . Then-President Bill Clinton responded to the attack days later with one of his most famous speeches : ` The loss you feel must not paralyze your own lives . ' Then-First Lady Hillary Clinton holds her face in distress at the ceremony to remember the dead in 1995 . ` For some reason I thought I would know if my daughter was going to be on the front page . It was strange , it was horrible . ` Everybody else saw it as fiction - she was n't a person . They made money off it like she was n't real . ' To the Almon-Kok family , she is very much still with them . Aren Almon met Army veteran Stanley Kok through a friend soon after the attack . They married in 1997 , and together they have two children : Bella , 17 , and Brooks , 13 . Every year they throw a birthday party in Baylee 's honor , with a cake and a family meal . Bella and Brooks know they are two of three siblings . ` My husband has been really great , he has always been supportive of what I 've been through and to him , Baylee is part of our life together . ` My kids have always known that they have a sister and that she went to heaven , so they expect us to celebrate her birthday like we do theirs . ` For them , the picture is painful too . ` Bella did a paper at school the other day about commercials and how they use images . One of the photographs they were given was that picture . ` She just dealt with it the best way she can . That 's her sister , she knows what happened . So to see that picture , that hurts . ' Nonetheless , the family has been the subject of scrutiny , anger and at times hatred in the wake of the attacks . With her child the ` face ' of the tragedy , other grieving families felt Aren Almon and the firefighter , Chris Fields , stole the limelight from their loved ones who paled into oblivion . During the barrage of media attention , the pair grew a bond , which remains today - and it was erroneously assumed they had become romantically involved . ` We do still see each other , Chris and his wife have been very supportive , they are such good people . But they wo n't be coming to the ceremony , they keep themselves out of that stuff . ` That whole thing was difficult , and just something else you have to learn how to deal with . ' Consequently , Almon-Kok is apprehensive about this year 's 20-year anniversary ceremony . ` We do n't all have something in common just because we lost a child , ' she explains . Tough : Aren has been the subject of scrutiny , anger and at times hatred in the wake of the attacks . Aren Almon met Army veteran Stanley Kok through a friend soon after the attack . They married in 1997 , and together they have two children : Bella , 17 , and Brooks , 13 . Difficulty for all of them : Aren said her children -LRB- pictured -RRB- know that they are two of three siblings . Other grieving families felt Aren Almon and the firefighter , Chris Fields , stole the limelight from their loved ones who paled into oblivion after the photograph received so much attention -LRB- pictured : the memorial -RRB- . ` I know after the bombing the other families did n't like me , and I 'm not looking forward to that . ` I have just always tried to represent myself the best way possible because when Baylee 's looking down at me from heaven I want her to be proud of the things I have done . ` I did n't want any of this , to see Baylee dead everywhere every day , but that 's just the way it happened . ' Between the ages of 23 and 43 , Almon-Kok , has dedicated herself to ensuring daycare centers are fully secure . Congressional bill number HR 4159 , or ` Baylee 's Law ' , became law in 2000 to ensure a standard of glass protection in public buildings . McVeigh had enlisted his co-conspirators to build a car bomb that would shatter the windows of the building - a horrific detail that severely impacted the force of the explosion . It took weeks to find an attorney to represent Timothy McVeigh after he was coincidentally detained during a traffic stop 45 minutes after the attack . Eventually , Stephen Jones agreed to defend his actions ' to ensure he had a fair trial ' . Speaking this week , Jones conceded : ` We all remember what we were doing . It is the Pearl Harbor Day of Oklahoma . ` This was a scar and never-ending wrong that affected not only Oklahoma City and the people there but the nation at large , ' he told Tulsa Rotary . Then-President Bill Clinton responded to the attack days later with one of his most famous speeches : ` The loss you feel must not paralyze your own lives . ' Indeed , Oklahomans earned a reputation for compassion in the wake of the bombing - a sense of charity that came to be known as ` The Oklahoma Standard ' . On Sunday , in a ceremony held at 9.01 am at the site of the attack , Clinton and city officials will lead tributes to the city 's resilience , and read out the names of the 168 people who lost their lives . And the picture of Chris Fields holding Baylee will be shown . Though heart-wrenching for her , she says she is attempting to compartmentalize it . ' If I saw Baylee every time I looked at that photograph , I would n't be able to get past that . I would n't be able to carry on , ' she said . ` To me , basically , I try to see that picture as something which represents everybody who died in that bombing . It 's everybody 's baby . '