Serafim Todorov , the last man to beat Floyd Mayweather in the boxing ring , now lives on a £ 370-a-month hand out from the Bulgarian government . The 45-year-old beat Mayweather in the featherweight division semi-finals at the 1996 Olympic Games in Atlanta , but his life today could n't be any further apart from the American 's . Mayweather is preparing for one of the biggest fights in boxing history against Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2 and is unbeaten in 49 professional fights . Serafim Todorov is the last man to beat Floyd Mayweather , doing so at the 1996 Olympic Games in Atlanta . Todorov -LRB- left -RRB- lives in a remote town in Bulgaria while Mayweather is one of the richest athletes in the world . Mayweather is unbeaten in 47 professional contests and considered one of boxing 's all-time greats . Todorov , meanwhile , lives in an apartment in the remote town of Pazardzhik in southern Bulgaria and shares a Volkswagen Polo with his wife . He told The Sun : ` I live on just a hand out from the state , the money I get from the government is not enough , my family have no jobs . ` It 's hard here because it is a small town and there is very little work . ` I get about 500 Euros a month but I have to pay back the bank or loans , I own the apartment I live in but there are still bills to pay . ` I did have a bigger house in my home tow Peshtera , 20 km from where I live now but I had to sell because I had no money to get by . ' The unbeaten American is regularly seen on social media showing off his piles of cash and jewellery . Todorov -LRB- right -RRB- is beaten by Somluck Kamsing in the featherweight final at the 1996 Atlanta Olympic Games . The semi-final bout ended in controversy as the referee mistakenly raised Mayweather 's hand , but Todorov won the bout by one point , leading to protests from the US team . Todorov was beaten by Thai boxer Somluck Kamsing in the Olympic final at Atlanta 1996 and fought just six times professionally . The Bulgarian won five of his bouts between 1998 and 2003 , losing once to Toni Naskovski in Macedonia in 1999 .