Veteran actor Robert Hardy is selling his enormous collection of antiques in a £ 100,000 auction after deciding to downsize his home . The star , known for appearing in All Creatures Great and Small and playing Winston Churchill several times , is auctioning off more than 200 items he has collected over his career . Mr Hardy , 89 , is a keen military historian who studied English with J.R.R. Tolkien and is now an expert on the medieval longbow . Sale : Actor Robert Hardy is selling off his collection of antiques including a diorama of the Battle of Agincourt . Cabinets : A pair of early Victorian items of furniture made by Gillows of Lancaster which are set to fetch up to £ 4,000 at the auction on Saturday . Portrait : A painting of Mr Hardy holding a longbow , reflecting his interest in medieval history . One of the most unusual items featured in the auction of his possessions is a hand-painted limewood diorama depicted the progress of the Battle of Agincourt in 3D . The piece was created by artist L.M. Rendall in the 1960s after being commissioned by Mr Hardy himself , and has an estimate of £ 4,000 to £ 6,000 . There is also a longbow made from yew with a mother-of-pearl handle , as well as a portrait of Mr Hardy holding the bow , which is set to sell for up to £ 2,000 . The actor is also selling paintings , furniture , swords , flintlock rifles , silverware and a fine collection of crystal chandeliers . Diorama : The 3D model was commissioned specially by Mr Hardy from artist L.M. Rendall in the 1960s . Close-up : The piece was rendered in amazing detail showing the progress of the battle in 1415 . Luxurious : A view of many of the items of furniture and other antiques which are being sold . Dozens of books , some dating back to the 17th century , are included in the auction which is set to take place this Saturday . A total of 238 lots are being sold by Dominic Winter auctioneers at its saleroom in South Cerney , Gloucestershire . Mr Hardy , who lives in the Cotswolds , said that he was sad to sell his collection . ` Downsizing and losing a great part of a treasured library makes for sadness , ' he said . ` Entrusting it all to Dominic Winter and Co has taken away much of the pain , and through them I wish anyone who comes to possess anything that was mine as much joy and pleasure as it has given me through the years . ' Historical : An early 20th-century painting of Alfred the Great rebuilding London , by Frank Owen Salisbury . Auction : The objects are being sold at Dominic Winter in Gloucestershire on Saturday . Pride : Mr Hardy pictured in 2012 with the longbow and other objects from his collection . He has built up the haul of antiques thanks to his interest in classic literature and military history . Mr Hardy was taught by Tolkien and C.S. Lewis when he studied English at Magdalen College , Oxford , and he has published two books on the history of the longbow . He was also consulted as an expert during the raising of the Tudor shipwreck the Mary Rose . Mr Hardy , a close friend of Richard Burton , worked with top actors including Laurence Olivier , John Gielgud and Judi Dench during his early days as a Shakespearean specialist . He found national fame playing vet Siegfried Farnon in All Creatures Great and Small , the hit BBC drama which aired between 1978 and 1990 and also starred Lynda Bellingham . Star : Mr Hardy , left , is known for his role as vet Siegriein the BBC 's All Creatures Great and Small . Role : He has frequently played Winston Churchill in a series of television dramas . New generation : Mr Hardy appeared as Minister for Magic Cornelius Fudge in the Harry Potter films . The actor is well known for portraying Winston Churchill in a number of television performances , and has also played Churchill 's fellow Second World War leader Franklin D. Roosevelt . More recently , he introduced himself to a younger generation of viewers with an appearance in the Harry Potter films , where he played Cornelius Fudge , the Minister for Magic . Mr Hardy was forced to retire from stage acting two years ago , when he suffered a fall while playing Churchill again in The Audience , a West End play about the Queen which starred Helen Mirren . However , he has insisted that he will continue to do television work despite his advanced age .