You could have fried an egg on David Cameron 's upper lip yesterday afternoon when he appeared in sunny Bristol . The PM was speaking in a rather peculiar building -- an almost empty science park on the city 's outskirts , its round atrium area filled with party activists . The space was uncomfortably hot and Mr Cameron was looking straight into a merciless , piercing , armpit-moistening sun . The prime ministerial upper lip was soon glistening . Attack of the sweats ! David Cameron worked up a sweat as he made a visit to Poole in Dorset and sunny Bristol . Pictured : The Prime Minister speaks with Lilli Docherty and her daughter Dakota over lunch in a sun-drenched garden . It was such a glorious bank holiday , why on earth did Tory high command not scrap their plans , strip down to shirts and chinos and campaign on the beach at Weston-super-Mare ? They might at least have found some swing voters there . But there is something clinical , immutable , rigid , unspontaneous so far about this Tory campaign . Well , all the parties ' campaigns , really . Strategists with precious plans have plotted every minute of every low-risk day and the politicians look more remote from the electors than ever . Mr Cameron was appearing alongside George Osborne , Chancellor of the Exchequer , both of them in weekday suits . On some news-management grid many moons ago it had been decided that tax was to be the theme of the day . I suppose no one guessed it might be high-summerish weather . Bank holidays are usually washouts . And so tax remained the dish du jour . The day was hailed as ` Money Back Monday ' because it was the start of the financial year and the new , more generous tax allowances for the low-paid meant an extra £ 600 in people 's pockets . Mr Cameron had spent the morning in Poole , Dorset -LRB- where veteran Lib Dem MP Annette Brooke is retiring -RRB- and apparently ate a hot dog while he was there . One of the reporters who had been on his campaign bus said he had met ` at least two voters ' . He arrived at the Bristol and Bath Science Park at 4.40 pm . As his battle bus approached the destination , one of his police bodyguards made plain his feelings by being spectacularly sick , poor soul . Perhaps the copper had been food taster for the hot dog . Everyone getting off the bus looked a bit green . The audience had been waiting for some time , broiling slowly in the building 's atrium . What a soulless place it was , of antiseptic design with bleached wood and long , lifeless corridors . Vast windows . An airport-style exterior . We could have been anywhere in the world -- the middle of Texas , the plains of central France , or at a yet-to-open business hotel in Bulgaria . Prime Minister David Cameron and George Osborne make a speech at the Bristol and Bath Science Park . During his Bristol visit , Mr Cameron read a speech and said there was a ` moral ' case for the Tories ' policies . Bristol has a handful of seats , local Tory MPs being Chris Skidmore , Charlotte Leslie and Jack Lopresti . Might it not have made more sense to hold a rally underneath Clifton suspension bridge -- somewhere that at least had a resonance with the city ? A tanned Mr Cameron dutifully made his prepared speech , saying that there was a ` moral ' case for the Tories ' economic policies . Fetch that , Mr Archbishop of Canterbury . It was ` frankly immoral to spend money like it grows on trees ' . He said he and the Tories would spend money on ` your family , your future ' rather than on ` bureaucracy or bloat or the latest crackpot Government scheme ' . This innovative use of ` bloat ' as a noun was repeated three times . Do n't vote bloat . Maybe it should be their new slogan . After ten minutes he let George Osborne make a speech . Eeek . George stepped into the glare and you have seldom seen a man look so deathly pale . Shades of the sepulchre on Easter morning . A brief session of questions saw Mr Cameron being asked about recent Lib Dem eruptions -- Nick Clegg calling Mr Osborne ` a very dangerous man ' and Danny Alexander alleging that the Tories are not interested in helping the poor . Mr Cameron said it was inevitable that ` you 'll find the minor parties saying increasingly desperate things ' . He was unfazed by ` the odd noise-off from a deputy ' . Or should that be noise-off from an odd deputy ?