Dramatic footage has emerged of two separate houses being swept away by floodwater as wild weather wreaks havoc along the coast of New South Wales . One house was filmed as it was carried along a street in Dungog , in the Hunter Valley , north of Sydney . A Dungog resident filmed the half-submerged property drifting down the main drag as floodwater laps at its sides on his smartphone . Scroll down for video . A house in Dungog in NSW 's Hunter Valley is seen washing away and was captured on a smartphone . Similar scenes were evident in Lake Macquarie with this house floating along the waterway . Footage shows the house floating dangerously close to street power lines and almost taking them down with it . Large pieces of debris are also seen bobbing up and down in the torrential waters . Local resident Jade Marie identified the house as her aunt 's , according to Higgins Storm Chasers . She said that she had been helping her neighbours escape rising floodwaters but turned around to see water rising around the house . The mother said that she raced back inside to evacuate her partner and children just moments before the house dislodged and started floating away . Another recording of a house filmed far away from its usual address was taken by Tianna Brien , who spotted a houseboat being swept away in Toronto , near Lake Macquarie , west of Newcastle . She told the Newcastle Herald that at first she thought the home was a boat but then realised it was a houseboat . Ms Brien did n't recognise the houseboat and said that it had likely floated quite some distance . Jade Marie said it was her aunty 's house that had been swept away , and she got back just in time to save her partner and her children before it was afloat . Ms Brien said at first she thought the house was a boat , but upon closer inspection realised it was someone 's home . The houseboat was later anchored at at Fennell Bay , having passed under the bridge in the town 's Main Road . Ms Brien said that she had to describe the incident to police several times and added : ` It was going pretty fast . ' Three people have already died during the storms that continue to lash the Central Hunter region . Two men and one woman were trapped in the flood water that inundated the streets of Dungog , Fairfax Media reported . The intense weather conditions started on Monday , lashing the region with heavy rain and high winds . Numerous calls were received by emergency services for assistance , particularly in the Stroud and Dungog areas . A street in Rose Bay - in Sydney 's east - was flooded after torrential rain fall throughout Monday . A fallen tree crashes through a white sedan in a Redfern street in Sydney 's inner city while firefighters work to clean up . More than 20 people have been rescued from the flooding , and 215,000 homes and businesses are without power . State Emergency Service personnel and firefighters in Stroud , just north of Newcastle , have rescued 10 people from rooftops during the state 's wildest weather in five years . There has been significant flooding and flash-flooding in Sydney , Newcastle and mid-north coast area , as a low-pressure system moved north from Sydney , affecting major roads and rail routes . Multiple persons trapped in vehicles , being trapped in buildings and being trapped on top of buildings while trying to take refuge from floodwaters , ' SES deputy commissioner Steve Pearce said . ` There have been a whole range of calls . ' The rescue missions are being shared between the SES , NSW Fire & Rescue and rural firefighters . Thousands of trees have fallen and hundreds of power lines are down . Ausgrid said 215,000 customers in Sydney , the Central Coast and Hunter were without power as crews carry out emergency repairs to make fallen poles and wires safe . Amid the wild weather , firefighters have also dealt with 75 fires . While in Mortdale , in Sydney 's south-west , trees have been uprooted from sidewalks . A ferry terminal at Parramatta has been completely inundated by water on Tuesday morning . At Gosford waterfront winds were so strong that boats were being pushing towards the shore . The SES is anticipating a lot more calls . ` This weather system is n't abating - we still have cyclonic winds in that area , ' Mr Pearce said . ` We 're still seeing massive amounts of rainfall and so it 's going to be a challenging and busy afternoon . ' The Bureau of Meteorology has recorded wind speeds up to 100km/h with gusts up to 130km/h . More rain and strong winds will continue into Tuesday evening as another low pressure system builds off the NSW coast . A NSW Fire & Rescue spokesman told AAP that Monday night was one of its busiest on record . Rescuers received more than 3,000 calls and responded to 1,000 storm-related incidents . A firefighter at Port Stephens who was hospitalised with head , neck and shoulder injuries after a tree fell on his truck is in a stable condition . Off-duty firefighters are being recalled to duty in Greenacre in Sydney 's west before heading north to Newcastle and Lake Macquarie to help the SES .