State Education Minister Adrian Piccoli has called the Scot 's College university shortcut ` unfair , ' after it was released that school students could buy their way into university without completing their HSC . Tuition , sporting and curricula fees for Scot 's College , one of Sydney 's most prestigious schools , reportedly top $ 30,000 . The University of Sydney have been running a 17-week diploma for Year 11 students at Scot 's College to skip their year 12 exams and ` buy ' their entry into the sandstone university . ` Access to university should be fair and equitable , ' Mr Piccoli told Fairfax Media . ` Any scheme that gives some students an unfair advantage is unacceptable and I will be discussing this with the federal government , which is responsible for universities . ' Eight Scot 's students gained ` direct entry ' to the university after completing the program in 2014 , according to a letter sent to parents by principal Dr Ian Lambert , while 166 students completed the HSC . The program was devised by the university 's commercial arm , Sydney Learning , and students who completed the course successfully were guaranteed places in a number of undergraduate level courses , including bachelor degrees in health sciences , liberal arts and science , animal and veterinary bioscience , visual arts , music and oral health , or in a diploma of law . Opposition leader Luke Foley is concerned over how this alternative would impact the HSC . ` We have a federal Coalition government intent on linking university admission to wealth , more and more , and these are the sorts of arrangements that flow from the Abbott government 's reform of our higher education sector , ' he said . The Sydney Morning Herald have reported that concern within the University of Sydney staff has led to its academic board shutting down this alternative pathway for school students . Sandstone halls : The University of Sydney 's commercial arm , Sydney Learning , has run the pilot program with Scot 's College . Pictured above is the university 's clocktower and the eastern range of its main building precinct . However , at the time it was shutdown , the board was unaware that Scot 's College were planning the pilot with another 11 boys this year . My Foley is worried that this pathway will be picked up by other universities and elite high schools . Scot 's College does not advertise their fees for tuition , sport and other curriculum activities , but in 2013 they were reported to be $ 30,900 per year with an extra $ 24,121 for boarders . Scot 's College : Dr Lambert , the college 's chief , was quoted telling the Sydney Morning Herald that the diploma was designed with students ` in the middle rank of learners ' in mind . Rose Steele , the president of the National Union of Students , told Daily Mail Australia that while it was important there were alternative pathways available for students to gain entry to university , it was ` really concerning ' if this program was only open to students who could afford it . ` NUS really believes education should be open to all and not just those who can afford it , ' Ms Steele said . Daily Mail Australia approached the University of Sydney and Scot 's College for comment on Monday morning . Principal Ian Lambert has rejected the notion that it was an exclusive deal for Scot 's College . He agrees that the current HSC grading system works for the top 20 percent of students , but not for middle-ranking students . Do you know more ? Daniel.Piotrowski@mailonline.com .