A couple pocketed £ 66,000 in a benefits scam by pretending to be landlord and tenant - despite having three children together . Sikander Rafiq , 34 , and Samara Jabreen , 32 , lied to Birmingham City Council about their relationship in a scam spanning an eight year period . The couple , from Ward End , Birmingham , claimed £ 66,268 housing benefit , council tax benefit and income support . Sikander Rafiq , 34 , and Samara Jabreen , 32 , lied to Birmingham City Council about their relationship in a scam spanning an eight year period . The couple , from Ward End , pocketed £ 66,268 housing benefit , council tax benefit and income support . Birmingham Crown Court heard Jabreen first lodged a genuine claim for income support in 2002 . But three years later , when Rafiq bought them a house , Jabreen claimed to be a private tenant and asked that her benefit payments be made to her landlord , Rafiq . Blondelle Thompson , prosecuting , said Jabreen also signed declarations saying neither she nor her children were related to Rafiq . She even claimed single occupancy discount on her council tax payments , the court was told . Jabreen pleaded guilty to two counts of failing to notify a change of circumstances and a charge of making a false representation . Rafiq admitted a charge of furnishing false information regarding the tenancy agreement provided to the city council . But after hearing of her ill-health and that she was the sole carer for their children , Jabreen was spared prison . She was sentenced to 22 weeks , suspended for 18 months , placed under supervision for 18 months and ordered to attend the Anawim probation project for 30 days . Rafiq , it was heard , acted out of desperation to pay their mortgage rather than through greed . He was handed an 18-month sentence , suspended for 18 months and ordered to carry out 180 hours unpaid work . Birmingham Crown Court heard Jabreen first lodged a genuine claim for income support in 2002 . But three years later , when Rafiq bought them a house , Jabreen claimed to be a private tenant and asked that her benefit payments be made to her landlord , Rafiq . Miss Thompson said : ` At no time did she declare Rafiq was her partner or father of her children . ' In October 2011 a report was made to the city council 's fraud investigation team , prompting an investigation . Ms Thompson added : ` The house was put under surveillance and his car was seen daily and was used by Jabreen . ' Life insurance documents and a Virgin Media account were both registered to Rafiq at the couple 's address . Judge Roderick Henderson said Rafiq was a ` dishonest ' man who had once posed as his brother to avoid getting a criminal record . He said : ` As far as you are concerned I get a very clear picture of a person who is dishonest and bends things to whatever benefits you at a particular time . ` You both pleaded guilty but when you came back to be sentenced you wanted to vacate your plea because you said you were not guilty at all . ` You then turned up and entered a guilty plea but put forward a false basis . You have behaved not only in a dishonest way in the history of the case but before the court . ' Jabreen , the judge said , had played a lesser role and had been encouraged by Rafiq .