The bereaved teenage son of a Tulsa man shot and killed by a 73-year-old volunteer deputy says his father 's killer should have never been on a police force . ` He should have been in a retirement home , not out there on the scene killing my dad , ' Aidan Fraley said of Robert Bates . The 16-year-old told NBC he believes everyone on the Tulsa force is to blame for his father the April 2 death of his father Eric Harris and says ` they should all go down . ' ` He should have been in a retirement home , not out there on the scene killing my dad ' : Aidan Fraley -LRB- right -RRB- , 16-year-old son of slain unarmed Tulsa suspect Eric Harris -LRB- left -RRB- has spoken out to say that his father 's 73-year-old killer should never have been deputized and given a gun . ` They should all go down ' : Fraley -LRB- here with his uncle Andre Harris -RRB- , says all the Tulsa police who allowed Bates to become a cop should be held accountable for his death . Meanwhile , his own mother -- who calls Harris her ` soulmate ' -- has already forgiven his killer . ` The Lord has forgiven me for my sins , and who am I not to forgive him ? ' Fraley told NBC as she spoke out on the case for the first time . Her young son , however , is not ready to forgive and wants to see the other police officers at the scene brought to justice . ` They were involved in it , ' he said . ` One of the dudes had his knee on his head , and I feel like that played a part in his death after the shooting . ' Bates has said he mistakenly pulled out a handgun rather than a stun gun when he fatally shot Eric Harris on April 2 as he lay on the ground . He has been charged with second-degree manslaughter . Defense attorneys released some of the training records Saturday for a 73-year-old volunteer sheriff 's deputy charged with manslaughter in the fatal shooting of an unarmed suspect in Oklahoma . The records for Robert Bates include certificates showing what training he received , job evaluation reports and weapons training and qualification records dating to 2008 . Bates has said he mistakenly pulled out a handgun rather than a stun gun when he fatally shot Eric Harris on April 2 as he lay on the ground . He has been charged with second-degree manslaughter . Terrified : The fatally-wounded man , who is being held by his neck and back by the deputies -LRB- pictured -RRB- , says : ` Oh my god , he shot me ! He shot me ! He shot me , man . ' He then adds : ` Oh , my god . I 'm losing my breath ' Bates ' attorneys said the 64 pages of records released to The Associated Press and other news organizations include records Bates copied and kept for himself . Although there are time gaps in the documents provided , some of the records seem to indicate Bates was proficient in firearms and dozens of other training courses . ` For the first time today , we feel like someone 's starting to look at the other side of this as far as his qualifications , ' Scott Wood , an attorney for Bates , said after the documents were released . The Tulsa County volunteer deputy has disputed a Tulsa World report that sheriff 's office supervisors were ordered to falsify his training records . The World said at least three of Bates ' supervisors were transferred for refusing to go along with the requests , and said it consulted multiple sources who spoke on condition of anonymity , but it gave no indication how those sources were familiar with the situation . Bates told NBC 's ` Today ' show on Friday that he was certified for his position and had the documentation to prove it . Harris ' family attorney - who had questioned Bates ' qualifications as a reserve deputy - did not return a message seeking comment Saturday . A call to the district attorney 's office rang unanswered , and the sheriff 's office referred questions to Wood . ` I want to do everything I can to make sure that people know that this allegation of falsified records is not true , ' Wood said . Confusion : An image shows a Taser and a handgun similar to the weapons Bates was carrying . He mistakenly thought he was holding a Taser , not his handgun , when he fatally shot Eric Harris .