Former England cricketer Matt Prior will have his mind set on a sporting peak of a different kind when some of the world 's best cyclists re-converge on the Yorkshire roads early next month . Prior is chief executive of the ONE Pro Cycling team that has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the inaugural Tour de Yorkshire which will run over three stages starting in Bridlington on May 1 . For Prior the opportunity for his team to compete against the likes of Team Sky and Sir Bradley Wiggins - who will lead his own team in the race for the first time - is only the start of his ambitions . Matt Prior 's ONE Pro Cycling team has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the first Tour de Yorkshire . Members of the ONE Pro Cycling , for which the former England cricketer is CEO , in the Chorley Grand Prix . Prior said : ` We are hugely ambitious as a team and as a company and we want to eventually move up to pro-continental level and hopefully above . ` It 's very important to have ambition and it 's very important from the team 's point of view that we create an environment that breeds success and gives the team the chance to be successful . ` We 've got some hugely talented young lads and we will learn such a huge amount from the opportunity to race against such big teams and big riders . ' The former England wicketkeeper is a long-time cycling fan who was mocked by Kevin Pietersen last summer for taking his bike with him on a tour of New Zealand . The ONE Pro team in Yorkshire on Monday to do a recce of stage two of the elite event in England . But for Prior the possibilities in the sport were really underlined by the spectacular success of last year 's Tour de France Grand Depart , which in turn inspired the Tour de Yorkshire . Such is the enthusiasm for cycling in the county race officials match Prior 's more personal aims in wishing to turn the new Tour into one of the biggest of its kind in the world . Prior added : ` It was because of the Grand Depart that ONE Pro Cycling really started - seeing all those thousands of fans lining the streets we really wanted to give them the chance to be a part of a professional cycling team . The team , which Prior has big plans for , warm up for their elite racing debut in Chorley . ` When I was 12 years old my dream was to be a professional cricketer and play for England in the Ashes - you want to be involved in the biggest events you possibly can . ` Likewise , when we sat down and started this team we agreed that the dream should be to one day line up in the Tour de France and that has n't changed . ` It 's a long way down the line but we 're building and we 're certainly going in the right direction . To be given an opportunity to race in Yorkshire is another massive tick in the box . '