Tim Sherwood wants to wipe any smile from Raheem Sterling 's face by causing an FA Cup shock at Wembley on Sunday . Footage this week emerged showing the Liverpool forward inhaling nitrous oxide , a legal high commonly known as laughing gas because it creates feelings of euphoria . But Sherwood said : ` Let 's hope he 's not laughing after Sunday . ' Aston Villa boss Tim Sherwood is hoping they can cause a FA Cup semi-final shock vs Liverpool on Sunday . Raheem Sterling -LRB- right -RRB- was pictured smoking a shisha pipe with team-mate Jordon Ibe earlier this season . The Aston Villa manager knows his ambitions to beat Liverpool and reach the FA Cup final may rest on taming Sterling , a player he tried to sign for Tottenham Hotpur 's academy as a schoolboy . The 20-year-old is enduring a tough time off the pitch , in a contract stand-off with Liverpool and coming under question for his recreational activities . Sterling has been pictured smoking shisha pipes as well as taking so-called ` hippy crack ' through a balloon . Sherwood said that was wrong but added : ` I have a wee bit of sympathy . I am not condoning it , but he is a young man , is n't he ? He obviously has fortunes but is growing up like everyone else . It is tough in the public eye . ' Sherwood can remember being wowed by a 14-year-old Sterling on the books at Queens Park Rangers , but was unable to convince Spurs to commit the money required to sign him . Instead , Sterling headed to Anfield for £ 600,000 in 2010 . ` A lot of academies pick players on size because the bigger kids normally push the little kids over and their teams can win the games , ' said Sherwood . ` He would n't be much different from what he is now but you would n't want to fight him would you ? ' Sherwood has been a fan of Liverpool starlet Sterling -LRB- left -RRB- ever since he was 14 and on the books at QPR . Another Liverpool player Sherwood discussed on Friday was Steven Gerrard , whose birthday falls on the FA Cup final on May 30 . Those associated with the Merseyside club feel an ideal silverware send-off is brewing before Gerrard heads to LA Galaxy . ` Believe it or not it 's not about spoiling the party for Steven Gerrard , ' insisted Sherwood . ` It 's about what we can do . To be honest we 're hoping he 's on his holiday in May . ' Sherwood played against a teenage Gerrard in his latter days and hailed the 34-year-old 's clear talent from the off . He added : ` I 'm sure Steven could still do a job for a Premier League side but I 'm not sure he can go and play for anyone other than Liverpool . He can earn £ 1 a week or £ 200,000 , he 'll still play the same way . That 's a dying breed -- there are n't many of them about . ' Sherwood has led a Villa resurgence since taking over in February , steering the club away from relegation danger and into this Wembley showpiece . They are on a run of four wins in seven . Liverpool have captain Steven Gerrard -LRB- centre -RRB- back for the FA Cup semi after serving a three-match ban . The match could be Gerrard 's -LRB- left -RRB- last in the competition before his move to LA Galaxy in the summer . Sherwood believes Villa can upset favourites Liverpool . ` It 's a very exciting game , a great opportunity for this club to get to an FA Cup final , ' he said . ` I 've lost a few semi-finals myself , not a great feeling . ` We 're going in with a positive state of mind . This club 's relegation is not at stake , it is about us maybe getting some glory for the football club . ` We have the mindset to win the game , impose ourselves on a very good Liverpool side , that 's what we intend to do . ` We think we 're capable , we have a good blend of players who can play and maybe go direct at time . We 're prepared to mix it up , we have a plan . ' Despite the possible return of Gerrard , Sherwood is confident his Villa side can cause a shock at Wembley .