It 's every chocoholic 's dream come true - a mountain of Easter eggs covering the entire house . But while Lian Marshall - pictured among the treats - does have two chocolate-loving daughters , this incredible bounty is not for them . Ellie , 10 , and Taylor , five , lost their eight-year-old brother Harvey last year to a mystery illness , and when Easter approached they decided to donate all their eggs to the patients at Sheffield Children 's Hospital where he was cared for . Lian Marshall - pictured among the treats - has two chocolate-loving daughters but this incredible bounty is not for them . Instead the eggs will be donated to Sheffield Children 's Hospital . Once the family , from Furness Vale , Derbyshire , posted on Facebook , kind strangers began to send eggs - and now there are more than 1,000 . Some donations have come from as far afield as the US , with many from Ireland and Scotland and the length and breadth of England . The girls came up with the inspirational idea after spending three Easters in a row by Harvey 's side at the hospital where they were all lucky enough to receive Easter Eggs . Ellie said : ` I thought it was going to be never-ending ! It feels really nice to remember him and I do n't think the hospital were expecting as many . Ellie Marshall , 10 , and Taylor Biggin -LRB- both above with mother Lian -RRB- , five , came up with the idea in memory of their brother Harvey . ` It feels a bit strange at the moment . I 've never had this much chocolate in my house before . ' Their 29-year-old mother , who was a full-time carer for Harvey and now works as a support worker for disabled children , said : ` I was taken aback by it all . We did n't expect to get the response that we did . It 's really touching what the girls are doing . ` They were really close to Harvey , they had a really tight bond . Especially Ellie . The hospital think it 's amazing and a really nice thing to do . ` On the second day I thought 72 eggs was an amazing response but when it continued the girls were a bit overwhelmed by it all and a bit speechless . The eggs are still arriving . It feels really good to be able to give something back . '