Tim Sherwood wants to make Swindon Town midfielder Massimo Luongo one of his first summer signings at Aston Villa . Sherwood sent Luongo , an Australian international , to the County Ground on loan during his spell as development director at White Hart Lane . Luongo was player of the tournament during Australia 's successful Asian Cup in January and the 22-year-old creator has decided to play in the Barclays Premier League next season . Aston Villa have priortised Swindon Town midfielder Massimo Luongo as one of their first summer signings . Sherwood , who took his team to the FA Cup final after beating Liverpool at Wembley last Sunday , is already planning for next season . Swindon are currently fourth in League One with three games to play and Luongo will be needed for the end of season play-offs . Luongo joined Spurs as a youngster and moved to Swindon as part of a relationship between the two clubs . Sherwood is close to Swindon chairman Lee Power after their spell together as players at Norwich City . Sherwood is being backed in the summer to bring in his own targets and many of them are the players Spurs did not think were good enough to make the grade in the Barclays Premier League . 22-year-old midfielder was player of the tournament during Australia 's successful Asian Cup in January . YOUTH CAREER . The Sydney-born star joined Tottenham in January 2011 after impressing on trial from Australian semi-professional outfit APIA Leichhardt Tigers FC . TURNING PRO . After featuring for the Under 18 side , Luongo made his only appearance for the Tottenham first-team during a 7-6 penalty shootout defeat by Stoke in the third round of the League Cup in September 2011 . However , breaking into the Spurs squad on a regular basis proved a tough task for the midfielder , who subsequently spent a spell out on loan at Ipswich in 2012 before two stints at Swindon Town a year later . Luongo made his move to the County Ground a permanent one in August 2013 for a fee of £ 400,000 . This season he has made 36 appearances in all competitions for the Robins - scoring six goals . SOCCEROOS STAR . Luongo was eligible to represent either Australia by birth , Italy due to his father or the Indonesia courtsey of mother - but chose the former option . The Swindon midfielder made his debut for the Socceroos on March 6 , 2014 as a second-half substitute in a 4-3 friendly defeat by Ecuador at Millwall 's The New Den . His international rise continued just months later as he selected in their 23-man World Cup squad later that summer . Despite not featuring in any of their three World Cup group matches , the 22-year-old shone on the international stage at the turn of the year as Australia hosted the Asia Cup . Luongo played a pivotal role throughout the competition and in the final against South Korea he scored the opener in a 2-1 win - doubling his tally for the tournament . He was named Most Valuable Player of the Asia Cup too after also providing four assists for head coach Ange Postecoglou 's side .