Nigel Farage has abandoned hopes of winning dozens of seats at the General Election and is now targeting just ten , it can be revealed . Ukip , which will today unveil its manifesto , has reduced the number of constituencies where it is concentrating resources as it loses ground in the polls . A party strategist said ` something extraordinary ' would now need to happen for it to win in places outside its target list . Nigel Farage has abandoned hopes of winning dozens of seats at the General Election and is now targeting just ten . South Thanet , Kent -LRB- Majority : Con 7,617 -RRB- . Clacton , Essex -LRB- Ukip 12,404 -RRB- . Rochester & Strood , Kent -LRB- Ukip 2,920 -RRB- . Thurrock , Essex -LRB- Con 92 -RRB- . Great Grimsby , Lincs -LRB- Labour 714 -RRB- . Boston & Skegness , Lincs -LRB- Con 12,426 -RRB- . Camborne & Redruth , Cornwall -LRB- Con 66 -RRB- . Dudley North , West Midlands -LRB- Lab 649 -RRB- . Castle Point , Essex -LRB- Cons 7,632 -RRB- . Heywood & Middleton , Greater Manchester -LRB- Lab 617 -RRB- . After Ukip won the Rochester and Strood by-election last November and gained its second MP , Mr Farage said the party could go on to win ` dozens of seats ' in the election . But Ukip campaign chiefs have now adopted a ` shotgun ' approach with a far fewer targets . Mr Farage will this morning launch the party 's manifesto in Thurrock , Essex . A Ukip source said : ` It will be a broad and open offer to those on low and middle incomes . That 's something which no other party is doing . ' Among the seats dropped from the list of hopefuls is Folkestone and Hythe , where candidate Janice Atkinson was replaced after allegations of fraudulent expenses claims . The target list includes South Thanet , where Mr Farage is standing , along with Clacton and Rochester and Strood , where Douglas Carswell and Mark Reckless won by-elections after defecting from the Tories . The party also hopes to win in Thurrock , a tight three-way marginal where the Tories are defending a majority of just 92 . Another focus is Heywood and Middleton , in Greater Manchester , where it narrowly lost a by-election to Labour last October . Ukip 's election co-ordinator Chris Bruni-Lowe , who masterminded last year 's by-election wins , is organising campaigns in the ten targets . The party is helping write campaign literature , organising mailshots to voters and putting up billboards , while other candidates are mostly being left to their own devices . Clacton , where Tory defector Douglas Carswell -LRB- left -RRB- is standing for Ukip , is one of the few seats the party still thinks he can win . Ukip 's immigration spokesman has admitted that even the leadership of the party has been left confused by its policy on foreigners moving to Britain . At an event last month Steven Woolfe said the deputy chairman Suzanne Evans , who has written Ukip 's manifesto , did not understand the immigration policy even when he showed her diagrams to explain it . It is claimed that Mr Woolfe , who was speaking after a meeting in Dudley , said : ` The problem is , even within my own party , my own deputy chairman , did n't seem to understand it herself despite the fact I actually put picture graphs . ` I put the numbers on and the point is people confuse immigration . Immigration consists of loads of different numbers , the number of students , it 's asylum seekers , it 's family members . ' Nigel Farage was earlier this month accused of ` making up his policies as he goes along ' after he called for the number of arrivals to be limited at 50,000 a year , but at the same time claimed overall caps on net migration would be ` ludicrous ' . Miss Evans this morning said the manifesto would include an immigration limit of 50,000 skilled workers from around the world , adding she was ` proud ' of the policy . Most pollsters suggest Ukip is being squeezed , with an ICM poll suggesting the party had slipped to 7 per cent on Monday , while a poll by Opinium at the weekend put the party on a two-year low . Mr Farage has maintained that the party is not losing support but appears to have changed his rhetoric , referring to the election as a ` springboard ' . In an interview at the weekend he suggested Ukip supporters should vote Tory in seats where the party has no chance of winning . A senior Ukip source last night said Mr Farage could begin discussions with the Tories about a post-election deal through ` back-channels ' before the polls close . Mr Farage ` is minded to do confidence-and-supply with whoever offers an EU referendum ' , he said . Ukip 's manifesto will include a pledge to fund 6,000 jobs in the police , prison service and Border Agency for military veterans . And Mr Farage is today expected to pledge that his party would spend ` substantially ' more than Nato 's target of 2 per cent of national income on defence . He has previously said that Ukip would meet the target . The Tories have refused to commit to the target beyond next year . In a bid to bolster faltering opinion poll ratings , Mr Farage said Ukip was offering ` serious , fully costed policies ' aimed at voters who ` believe ' in Britain . An in/out referendum on Britain 's EU membership ` as soon as possible ' , a five-year ban on unskilled migrants coming in to the UK and a points-based system for others are among other key pledges . With the party keen to broaden its appeal after a slip in support after surging to victory in last year 's European elections , the manifesto also offers boosts for first-time buyers , military veterans , small businesses and hospital patients .