A car repair shop worker has been suspended after telling a customer 's husband he needed to ` get her in check before there 's a big f *** ing problem ' in a profane and threatening voicemail . Kyle Kandrick was suspended from the Maaco auto body shop in Hagerstown , Maryland after Ella May Rudd posted the voicemail left for her husband on Facebook . In the voicemail , Kandrick said : ` Hey , Billy , Kyle at Maaco here . I was just personally attacked by your wife on Facebook , and I do n't appreciate it at all , pal . ' Scroll down for video . Ella May Rudd points to the leak on her Hummer H2 that she was trying to have repaired at a Maaco auto body shop in Haggerstown , Maryland , before co-owner Kyle Kandrick left a threatening voicemail for her husband . ` So I want you to get her in check before there is a big f *** ing problem here on my end . Understand me ? ' ` I did everything I could for her . She was in here Saturday and I explained everything to her the right way , and I do n't like being attacked on Facebook . ' ` I 'm telling your right now : deal with it before I deal with it . ' On her post , Rudd wrote that she had been dealing with the auto body shop for ` the last two months ' while trying to repair a leak on her Hummer H2 . She said that the voicemail was in response to a scathing review she had written on the company 's Facebook page after her tenth unsuccessful trip to Maaco . ` Crooks , rude people , and liars . Please take your business anywhere else but here . I regret spending the last month and a half wasting my time with this company , ' she wrote in the review . ` My car is still not fixed . They have charged me for car parts not needed , they have had me show up to multiple appointments and not have mechanics/car ready , they have lied about multiple car repair events . ' ` They are extremely unprofessional , and so much more . I hope this review at least stops a few people from being robbed and aggravated . So disappointed . ' Rudd said that she paid Kandrick a visit on Saturday when she found out her car had still not been repaired . Kandrick called Rudd 's husband after she left a scathing review on the shop 's Facebook page . In the voicemail he said : ` I want you to get her in check before there is a big f *** ing problem here on my end . Understand me ? ' Kandrick was suspended after Rudd posted the voicemail on Facebook and the post quickly went viral . She said that Kandrick was ` really rude ' and blamed his workers . Rudd said she demanded she be returned the money she had been charged . ` I do n't care whose fault it is , ' she said she told him . ` It is your business that messed up and I need your business to fix it and to return my money that they just took . ' She said Kandrick then claimed the shop did n't repair leaks , only to ask her to bring the car in again when a mechanic walked in and said the leak would be an ` easy fix ' . Rudd said Kandrick also ` stormed out ' of the room at one point and was talking to her ` like I was the biggest idiot ever ' . The stay-at-home mother of two calls herself a ` strong woman ' , who had no problem confronting Kandrick herself after hearing the voicemail . ` I said to him , `` My husband will not handle me at all . '' ' Rudd said Maaco President Jose Costa called her Thursday , the day after she posted the recording , and said he could n't fire the employee because he 's a co-owner of the franchise . Maaco officials did n't respond to questions from The Associated Press about that call . The company apologized to Rudd in a statement issued on Friday and said the 'em ployee at issue ' would be suspended pending further review . Maaco added that he would be getting diversity and anger management training and that the shop would be temporarily closed ` in order to pursue customer care training for the team ' . Rudd said the company has also offered to repair her car , but she 's not interested . ` Maaco will not touch my car now , ' she said . The stay-at-home mother of two calls herself a ` strong woman ' and said she had no problem confronting Kandrick herself after hearing the voicemail . ` I said to him , `` My husband will not handle me at all '' '