Manchester United midfielder Juan Mata insists his side can be proud of their performance during Saturday 's defeat by Chelsea and congratulates his former side as they close in on the Premier League title . Eden Hazard scored the only goal of the game as Louis van Gaal 's side 's six-match winning run came to an abrupt end . For Chelsea , the result edged them closer to the title as the Blues opened up a 10-point gap over closest rivals Arsenal . Juan Mata escapes clutches of Cesar Azpilicueta during clash between Chelsea and Manchester United . It was Mata 's first return to Stamford Bridge since he left Chelsea in January last year . But United dominated possession and limited Chelsea to just two shots on target and Mata , who returned to Stamford Bridge for the first time since leaving the club in January last year , claims his side can take many positives from the game . ` I had mixed feelings , ' Mata wrote on his blog on Monday . ` I was angry about the defeat , I was thrilled after seeing some old friends , but especially I was proud . ' ` I felt proud of the game the team had played , keeping the ball possession , controlling the game and creating chances to score , and all this at Stamford Bridge against the leader . ` As our manager said after the game , we were loyal to our football idea , and despite the score did n't show that , if we keep playing like this there will be many more wins than defeats , I 'm pretty sure of that . Mata embraces former team-mate Eden Hazard , who scored the winning goal , before kick-off . ` Besides , the team showed personality by playing that way against such a tough opponent , who gave no space in their half of the pitch and defended with so many players . ' Mata admits it was an emotional return to the club where he was named player of the year two years running . Mata received a warm reception from the Chelsea supporters after spending two-and-a-half season at the club . ` It was really moving to feel the people 's respect and affection , and I will always be grateful for that . I thank them for such affection and I congratulate them for the title they are about to win , because it 's almost done . It was nice to meet them and chat with them after the game , and also the club 's staff , doctors , physios , etc. , and feel their respect and friendship . Thanks to all and congratulations .