Britain 's heatwave has sent ice cream sales soaring - and the warm weather is set to last with the country predicted to be hotter than Ibiza , Athens and Barcelona tomorrow . Some ice cream vendors say they have had their busiest April ever as Britons cool off , with the balmy conditions set to continue . The mercury is predicted to soar to 21C -LRB- 70F -RRB- tomorrow , with forecasters warning people to make the most of it before the weather turns for the worse in the second half of this week . Scroll down for video . Beach bums : Two sunbathers take advantage of the hot weather as they bask in the sunshine in Old Portsmouth , Hampshire . Summertime already : Two friends settle down for an al fresco lunch on Bristol 's College Green as they enjoy the warm weather . Britain 's heatwave has sent ice cream sales soaring , with Lily and Jack Manning , aged 11 and six , enjoying the treat in Old Portsmouth this afternoon . A gaggle of greylag goslings take in the sunshine on the banks of the river in Sonning-on-Thames in Berkshire . Hot dog : A woman and her canine companion enjoy a stroll in Green Park , London , where temperatures could hit 21C tomorrow . Ice cream vendor Katy Alston , 47 , known as Mrs Whippy to her customers in the Sussex towns of Bognor Regis and Chichester , said the good weather has sent ice cream sales through the roof . She said : ` We have had a nice warm April and it has been absolutely amazing for sales . ` In April we usually potter around and find our feet , but this year it has been really busy . We did an event last week at Chichester University and sold out of ice creams in 40 minutes . It was just incredible - and it 's down to the weather . ` Everybody says people eat ice cream all year round whatever the weather , but they do n't . Children want to but adults wo n't let them . ` We have had our best April ever and I have been in business for 11 years . I would say our turnover for April has trebled . ' Ms Alston , who runs the business with her daughter Georgia , 23 , who is known as Little Miss Whippy , said the traditional 99s , and lemonade and cherry brandy ice lollies are her biggest sellers . The Met Office said most of Britain , including these three young women in Green Park , basked in sunshine today and will continue to enjoy good weather until Wednesday . Some ice cream vendors say they have had their busiest April ever as Britons cool off , including two-year-old Fernella , who looked to be enjoying her cold Smarties treat in Cannon Hill Park in Birmingham . Hot trot : Two ducks appear to be leading three horses for a stroll through London 's Green Park - but rain is forecast for the capital this weekend . Basking in the sunshine : A group of people line up beneath the historic hot walls in Old Portsmouth , with one man dipping his toes in the water . Beautiful day for a stroll : A couple walk hand in hand along the towpath by the Kennet and Avon Canal in Berkshire today . Enjoy it while you can : Two women tuck into strawberries in front of the Royal Crescent in Bath , but cooler conditions are expected from Thursday . A spokesman for the Ice Cream Alliance , which represents UK sellers , said : ` The hot weather has given ice cream sales a terrific start to the summer season . ` Some of our members have reported an increase in sales of ice creams and lollies of 400 per cent , all due to the sunny weather . ' But the industry could take a hit later this week , with rain , cloud and cooler temperatures predicted from Thursday . Forecasters said showers could hit London this Sunday as tens of thousands of runners take part in the London Marathon . Dan Williams , a spokesman for the Met Office , said most of Britain has basked in sunshine today and will continue to enjoy good weather until Wednesday . He said : ` There has been lots of sunshine around and the temperatures have been pretty decent for this time of year - temperatures have hit 19C in Sussex and 18C in London . ` Generally speaking most places have had some decent sunshine . ` Tomorrow is a good day again in England and Wales , lots of blue skies and sunshine and temperatures in the high teens . ' One man took his shirt off to catch some pre-summer rays in a park in London , but rain could hit the capital for Sunday 's marathon . Sunbathers were out en masse in the beach in Old Portsmouth , Hampshire , were the sun is expected to last tomorrow and on Wednesday . Caught napping : Taylor Messenger was rudely awoken by friends Gabrielle Thompson and Harriet Crosby , who threw a bucket of cold sea water over him as he slept on the beach at Scarborough . A pair of mothers chat as they push their children through Cannon Hill Park in Birmingham , where flowers are well and truly in bloom . A couple enjoy their lunch in the shadow of the Clifton Suspension Bridge in Bristol as the UK continues to bathe in sunny weather . Kendal , in Cumbria , was treated to a glorious golden glow this morning as dawn broke across the rolling fields outside the market town . It was a less pleasant start to the day for this rower , who was out in fog on the river Cam in Cambridge in the early hours of this morning . Mr Williams added : ` By Thursday a lot more cloud will be around in general and there will be light rain over Scotland . ` For most it will be a dry day still with some sunny spells , but generally that cloud is the herald of slightly more unsettled weather . ` The high pressure that has been dominating for the past few days moves over and we see a bit more of what you would expect this time of year . ' Patchy rain and breezier conditions are expected to hit at the weekend , and could bring unsettled conditions as runners line up for the London Marathon .