Crash investigators have released a photo that reveals the aftermath of a plane 's dramatic landing at East Midlands Airport . A set of wheels broke off the Boeing 737 moments after it touched down at the airport , near Derby , causing the cargo plane to skid along the runway for 380ft before coming to a stop . It happened as the plane delivered 10 tonnes of freight , including dangerous goods , on an Air Contractors flight that originated in Athens and included a stopover at Charles de Gaulle Airport in Paris . The cargo planes left main landing gear detached due to heat damage to chrome plating , a report said . The plane 's 38-year-old captain and co-pilot escaped injury , and there were no passengers on board when the left main landing gear detached . The plane , manufactured in 1990 , suffered significant damage to its left wing and engine as it slid along the runway in darkness on the morning of April 29 , 2014 , according to an Air Accidents Investigation Branch report . As the plane landed its speed was reduced and the co-pilot handed control to the captain , who pressed on the brakes twice to disengage the autobrake system . The touchdown was ` unremarkable ' and the autobrake functioned normally , according to the report , but the left main landing gear came off when an inner cylinder , just above the axle , fractured as a result of heat damage to chrome plating . The report stated : ` The aircraft shuddered and rolled slightly left-wing-low as the lower part of the main landing gear detached . ' It said that the source of the heat could not be determined . The report cited concerns about communications between air traffic control and other agencies . As the plane came to a stop its flight crew feared that it would burst into flames , with the co-pilot and the pilot of a different plane reporting smoke to air traffic control . The report stated : ` The co-pilot saw some smoke drift past the aircraft as it came to a halt . The commander ... had reached the conclusion that one of the main landing gear legs had failed , but as a result of the other pilot 's transmission , he was also concerned that the aircraft might be on fire . ' The captain shut down the engines and switched off the battery as firefighters attended the scene , but the plane did not catch fire . Firefighters placed a ladder against the door to allow the captain and co-pilot to disembark , and they sprayed foam around the landing gear and engine as a precaution . The report cited concerns about communications between air traffic control and other agencies , and said the airport operator issued a safety bulletin with a reminder of emergency protocols and procedures . The landing gear overhaul company carried out a review as a precaution , as it was not clear how or when the chrome plating damage occurred .