An intriguing picture on Twitter has given an insight into the meticulous preparation of a commentator for a football match . BBC Radio 5 Live commentator Guy Mowbray 's notes for Monday night 's Premier League clash between Liverpool and Newcastle at Anfield were posted ahead of kick-off . BBC commentator Guy Mowbray 's commentary notes for Liverpool 's league match against Newcastle . Mowbray has worked for the BBC since 2004 . And Mowbray was not far off from correctly predicting the starting line-ups , naming 19 of the 22 players who took to the field . However , he surprisingly , and incorrectly , predicted that 18-year-old midfielder Cameron Brannagan would make his first Liverpool start . Instead Jordan Ibe returned from injury , while Brannagan was an unused substitute in Liverpool 's 2-0 win at Anfield . The notes are thorough from start to finish with numbers for appearances , goals , transfer fees and other interesting tidbits to keep the millions of listeners across the country well informed . Liverpool goalkeeper Simon Mignolet 's political science degree is noted , as is the fact that Jordon Ibe - though the 19-year-old 's first name was spelt incorrectly in the notes as ` Jordan ' - was born on Raheem Sterling 's first birthday . Also mentioned is Newcastle goalkeeper Tim Krul congratulating Sunderland 's Jermain Defoe on his goal in the recent Wear-Tyne derby , Jamie Sterry 's Italian grandad , and the fact that Newcastle defender Ryan Taylor is a Liverpool fan . Mowbray , 43 , was the youngest ever television commentator on a World Cup final when he covered the 1998 edition for Eurosport . He has worked for the BBC since 2004 . Radio 5 Live 's commentators now have it harder than ever after a recent change to bring the station 's games in line with TV coverage , with just one commentator and one summariser . In previous years there had been two commentators who switched at the mid-point of each half , with a summariser interjecting for 90 minutes . However since 2012 the BBC commentaries have been reduced to a single commentator , putting more pressure on the likes of Mowbray to be better prepared than ever . Raheem Sterling celebrates after scoring the opening goal for Liverpool at Anfield on Monday night . Mowbray 's notes are more detailed , but less colourful than those produced by another BBC commentator , Nick Barnes , who works for the corporation 's Radio Newcastle . Barnes posts some of his notes for Newcastle games on Twitter , complete with his commentary microphone , showing off his artistry as well as his research . The local radio commentator 's notebook included hand-drawn kits and national flags for each player , as well as colour-coded notes on the visiting club 's form and the predicted line-ups in formation . Nick Barnes ' notebook , from a picture posted to Twitter , showing his notes on Crystal Palace ahead of their game against Sunderland last week . Barnes tweeted his notes on Newcastle ahead of the 154th Tyne-Wear derby , which Sunderland won at St James ' Park .