Ed Miliband vowed to end casual employment contracts yesterday but his crackdown backfired spectacularly as he forgot Labour use them . Ed Miliband was accused of hypocrisy last night after Labour town halls and MPs were revealed to be hiring thousands of workers on zero-hours contracts . The Labour leader yesterday vowed to end casual employment contracts that ` undermine living standards and family life ' . But his crackdown , which was intended to regain the political initiative after boosts for the Tories on jobs and incomes , backfired spectacularly . In a disastrous day for Labour 's General Election hopes : . Speaking in Huddersfield , Mr Miliband said a Labour government would legislate to require employers to offer a contract to anyone who had been working regular hours for 12 weeks . He made a stinging attack on both David Cameron and firms that use ` exploitative ' contracts which fail to guarantee minimum hours of work . Scroll down for video . ` The Conservatives believe by looking after a few big firms and individuals at the top , everyone else will be OK , ' said Mr Miliband . But , far from being the preserve of business , the contracts are being routinely used by charities , the public sector and the Labour Party itself . It emerged that 68 Labour MPs had also signed up researchers and other staff on zero-hour contracts in the last two years including shadow health secretary Andy Burnham -LRB- right -RRB- and shadow chancellor Ed Balls -LRB- left -RRB- . Freedom of information requests circulated by the Conservatives reveal that Labour councils are behind 21,798 zero-hours contracts . In December last year , the director of finance at Doncaster Council admitted to still having 300 relief workers on their books . Among the worst authorities are Wolverhampton , which had 738 staff on zero-hours contracts as of May 2014 ; Liverpool with 442 as of September 2014 ; and Ealing with 278 as of January 2015 . In an even greater embarrassment , it emerged that 68 Labour MPs had also signed up researchers and other staff on the deals over the past two years . They included shadow health secretary Andy Burnham , shadow chancellor Ed Balls , Mr Miliband 's parliamentary bag carrier Karen Buck and his election supremo Lucy Powell . The Labour politicians said they had been told by the Parliamentary expenses watchdog to use the contracts in order to pay a living wage . Freedom of Information requests found 22,000 zero-hours contracts were handed out by Labour-run councils , including Doncaster -LRB- pictured -RRB- where Mr Miliband is standing for MP . Tory chairman Grant Shapps said : ` It 's the same old hypocrisy from Ed Miliband . ` On the day he generates a load of hot air about zero-hours contracts it emerges that his party is one of the most prolific users of them . ` It 's chaos in the Labour Party that would cause chaos for the country . Ed Miliband 's not up to the job because he says one thing and does another . A hung parliament could send financial markets into a tailspin and the pound and shares crashing , experts warned last night . Sterling has already fallen nearly 5 per cent against the US dollar in the past five weeks amid jitters about the outcome of the General Election . George Buckley of Deutsche Bank said : ` The 2015 General Election is set to be the most unpredictable for nearly a century . There may be no good outcome for investors . ' David Buik , of stockbroker Panmure Gordon , said : ` Markets are incapable of dealing with uncertainty . ' ` If you ca n't trust him on the basics you ca n't trust him to lead the country . ' Conservative candidate Charlie Elphicke added : ` This is total hypocrisy from Ed Miliband . ` Labour did nothing about zero-hours contracts during its 13 years in power , and now we learn that Labour MPs and councils use them routinely . ' The spotlight was also turned on a number of startling claims made by Mr Miliband yesterday -- whose speech worsened already bad relations with big business . His suggestion that Britain has an ` epidemic ' of zero hours contracts was rubbished by official statistics from the ONS . The ONS had explicitly warned the 697,000 people who reported having a zero-hours contract between October and December 2014 should not be compared with the 586,000 in the previous year . The UK 's official statistician said : ` It is not possible to say how much of this increase is due to greater recognition of the term zero-hours contracts rather than new contracts . ' However , Mr Miliband still made the claim the centre-piece of his headline grabbing announcement yesterday . The organisation Full Fact said the Labour leader 's claims were unjustified . The Tories say they have tightened the law to end abuse of zero-hours . Employers can no longer insist on ` exclusivity ' deals which ban staff from working for other firms . Last week David Cameron said he could not live on an ` exploitative zero-hours contract ' . Labour MP Karen Buck -LRB- left -RRB- and Mr Miliband 's election supremo Lucy Powell -LRB- right -RRB- also use zero-hours . Chancellor George Osborne made similar comments last night , saying : ` Of course it would be very difficult ... There are some zero-hour contracts that people want . ' Christian May of the Institute of Directors said Labour 's plans ` go too far ' . Matthew Irvine , associate at the law firm Thomas Eggar , said : ` To many this will seem an eye-catching and attractive policy with Miliband championing workers rights over capitalist employers who are putting profit above workers ' welfare . The risk , however , is that this proposal goes too far and would endanger the continued economic recovery . ` In reality , employers may well choose to dismiss workers before they reach 12 weeks or be reluctant to offer work in the first place . ` Miliband 's proposal would potentially undermine job creation , jeopardise zero-hours workers ' current jobs and increase their insecurity . ' Yesterday , opening up yet another front in his war on business , Ed Miliband pledged a Labour Government would ` end the exploitation of zero-hours contracts ' . Here . JAMES SLACK sorts the Labour leader 's emotive claims about the contracts from the very different reality . CLAIM : We have an epidemic of zero-hours contracts in our country . REALITY : According to the Office for National Statistics , between October and December last year a total of 697,000 people said they were employed on zero-hours contracts in their main job . This represents only 2.3 per cent of people in employment -- or one in every 43 workers . This hardly constitutes an epidemic . CLAIM : There has been a 20 per cent increase in the last year alone . REALITY : It is true the number of people reporting they were on a zero-hours contract rose by 110,000 in the year to December 2014 , but the ONS says the two sets of figures are not comparable . In some cases , they will have been on the contracts for years but only just become aware of the fact ... because Miliband had spent so much time talking about them . Labour was warned by statisticians not to use the figures -- but carried on regardless . CLAIM : Zero-hours contracts ` undermine hard work , undermining living standards , undermining family life . ' REALITY : Far from inflicting untold misery on the majority of workers , by making it impossible for them to make ends meet , 66 per cent said they did not want to work more hours . Only one in ten on zero-hours contracts said they would like a different job . The average number of hours worked was 22.6 per week . Almost one in five were in full-time education , which would make it hard for them to work any more hours even if they wished to . CLAIM : The Tories wo n't end the exploitation of zero-hours contracts . We will . REALITY : Last June the Conservative-led Government took action to ban so-called exclusivity deals which prevented people on zero-hours contracts from working elsewhere . Labour 's record , by contrast , is nothing to boast about : Tony Blair promised in 1995 to ban them after it emerged they were used in UK fast food chains but his Government failed to act in three terms in power . CLAIM : If it 's not good enough for us , it 's not good enough for you . One rule for all . REALITY : Mr Miliband said he could not survive on one of the contracts -- but plenty employed by Labour councils and officials have to do so . Some 68 Labour MPs are reported to have employed staff on the contracts over the last two years , including Ed Balls , Mr Miliband 's parliamentary bag carrier Karen Buck and his election chief Lucy Powell . Meanwhile , Freedom of Information requests show Labour-run town halls are responsible for 21,798 of the contracts -- including 300 in Doncaster , where the Labour leader is seeking re-election as the local MP . CLAIM : The Conservatives believe by looking after a few big firms and individuals at the top , everyone else will be OK . REALITY : It 's by no means only big business that appreciates the flexibility the contracts can provide . A survey of employers by the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development found that a third of voluntary sector organisations used zero-hours contracts , along with a quarter of public sector employers . The figure for private firms -- once again the target for an attack by Mr Miliband -- was only 17 per cent . PS : Even the ever-meddling EU does not object to zero-hours contracts . Despite intense lobbying by Labour MEPs and the party 's trade union paymasters , Brussels has opted to stay out of the row . It insists only that workers should not work more hours than permitted by the Working Time Directive and should be entitled to any holiday rights they have accrued .