Authorities say police officers shot and killed a suburban St. Louis black man after he charged at them with a knife . A police body camera recorded the interaction . St. Louis County Police Chief Jon Belmar said at a news conference on Saturday that Thaddeus McCarroll 's mother reported on Friday night that her son had barricaded himself in a home in Jennings . The mother told police her son ` was talking about going on a `` journey ' `` and a `` mission '' and mentioned a `` black revolution , '' ` according to police . Scroll down for video . Dead : Thaddeus McCarroll , pictured in 2012 , was killed outside his Jennings home on Friday night after he allegedly charged at police with a knife . Shooting : Police fatally shot Thaddeus McCarroll , 23 , after he ` refused to listen to them and charged at them with a knife ' His mother said he was walking around the house with knives and a Samurai sword . St. Louis television station KMOV reports that Belmar says the man had access to a sword and that officers tried but failed to engage him in conversation . Video shows a man emerging from the home at about 1 a.m. carrying a knife and a bible . Police say they shot him with an ' less lethal impact weapon ' because they felt they had to act . The rubber bullet to the leg failed to deter the suspect . Officers then responded the ` charging ' McCarroll with a lethal round of shots , reports NBC . ` The officers resorted to less lethal force to try and bring the incident to a safe conclusion with no loss of life , but this individual made the decision to refuse these attempts , and charge at officers with a deadly weapon , ' Belmar said in a statement . Talking him down : Dashcam footage shows police attempting to stop Thaddeus McCarroll from charging . The encounter was recorded on officer 's body camera as police asked McCarroll to drop his knife numerous times . ` Why are you carrying a knife ? ' an officer can be heard asking McCarroll . ` Your mom is worried about you . ' An officer then told McCarroll they were ` not here to harm you ' after McCarroll replied . The home : McCarroll died outside his Jennings home on Friday night after he allegedly charged at police . ` We need to know that you 're going to be okay , starting right now , ' an officer said . Two police officers shot McCarroll several times and the sound of the gunshots was captured by the body camera . Cops can be heard calling fro CPR and a medic . McCarroll died outside his Jennings home . ` A family lost a loved one tonight and that is tragic , ' St. Louis County Police Chief Jon Belmar said during a news conference on Saturday . Police in Missouri and around the United States have been under intense pressure to be transparent about arrests and shootings ever since the death of unarmed black teen Micheal Brown . Brown 's death sparked nationwide protests and put pressure on police to record their interactions with a body cam .