Gareth Bale could miss out on Real Madrid 's game with Rayo Vallecano after injuring his left foot during a training session on Tuesday morning . Carlo Ancelotti 's side face their second La Liga game in four days when they travel to the Estadio de Vallecas on Wednesday evening to take on ninth-placed Rayo . But Bale , who scored Real 's first goal in their 9-1 demolition of Granada on Sunday , is now a doubt according to his manager . Gareth Bale -LRB- right -RRB- appears to have picked up a foot injury during Real Madrid 's training session on Tuesday . Real Madrid trio Cristiano Ronaldo , James Rodriguez and Fabio Coentrao -LRB- L-R -RRB- enjoy a laugh during training . Carlo Ancelotti -LRB- left -RRB- watches on as he players prepare for their trip to Rayo Vallecano on Wednesday . Ancelotti said : ` Bale has a bang to his left foot , we must weigh it up tomorrow , then pick the team . ' The former Tottenham star was pictured taking part in training at the club 's Valdebebas training ground on Tuesday but he appears to have been injured while preparing for Real 's next match . Castilla players Martin Odegaard and Alfonso Herrero were also called up for the session with the senior squad , although both players are unlikely to be involved on Wednesday . Real Madrid stopper Iker Casillas -LRB- left -RRB- dives as he trains with fellow goalkeeper Keylor Navas -LRB- right -RRB- . Norwegian youngster Martin Odegaard -LRB- second from left -RRB- challenges Toni Kroos for the ball . January signing Lucas Silva -LRB- left -RRB- takes a selfie with team-mates Navas , Marcelo and Rodriguez -LRB- L-R -RRB- . Spain midfielder Isco - who is available again after suspension - is likely to replace Bale in Ancelotti 's starting XI if the Welshman is deemed unable to play . The former Malaga man , who has been one of Real 's star players in recent months , told the club 's official website : ` Real Madrid have to fight for all of the titles each year and this season will be no different . ` We have plenty of life left in the league and we are going to do everything possible to bring the Champions League home . '