Morrisons supermarket is bringing in halal-only pick and mix counters so that Muslim customers do n't have to check the ingredients of their sweets . A selection of 36 sweets - including liquorice sticks , cola bottles , jelly beans and gummy bears - are on sale , all guaranteed to be free of animal products or alcohol-based ingredients . The 10 stores trialling the scheme include Blackburn , Bolton , Preston , Bradford , West Bromwich , Birmingham , Leamington Spa and three in London . Morrisons supermarket has brought in halal-only pick and mix counters to cater for Muslim customers . Two-year-old Faizaan Ali -LRB- right -RRB- was among the first to sample the sweets in the chain 's Blackburn store . The company , which has over 500 stores around the UK , has chosen the locations according to the make-up of their local communities . John Brooksbank , store general manager of Morrisons in Blackburn , said : ` Many customers have asked us about Halal sweets , so we have designed and introduced a new range . ` We are the first big supermarket in the UK to do this . It 's a large range so we hope that it will provide a sweet treat for every taste . ` We would consider introducing the halal sweets range at other stores , should there be a demand . ` Yummys , the brand available , is a recognised Halal confectionery brand , which we are also selling in single bags in our world food aisle . ' The supermarket has been praised by Muslim figures after announcing the move . Husnaa Ali , nine , tucks in to the treats at one of 10 stores around Britain chosen to trial the new scheme . The supermarket says it has brought in the idea in response to demand from customers in certain areas . Salim Mulla , chairman of the halal sub-committee at the Lancashire Council of Mosques , said : ` I think there are quite a few manufacturers who sell halal sweets but this is the first major supermarket to sell halal confectionery . I really welcome that . Halal involves specific methods of killing animals which adhere to Islamic laws . Livestock or poultry must be slaughtered by cutting the jugular vein and carotid artery while the animal is alive and healthy . The blood is then drained from the carcass , while a Muslim recites a dedication . Views differ over whether the animal can be stunned before being killed . Halal sweets include only gelatin from halal slaughtered animals and do not contain any other animal-derived ingredients from non-halal animals . ` It is definitely something the Council of Mosques would support . Sweets are very popular with the Muslim community . I think the pick and mix will do really well . ' Until now , Muslims have had to look at the ingredients to see if the sweets are suitable to eat as some contain animal products which are not halal . Abdul Hamid Qureshi , chairman of the Lancashire Council of Mosques , added : ` More and more supermarkets are introducing halal products to meet the needs of the customers , but this is the first halal pick and mix I have heard of . ` There will be financial reasons behind it . Businesses will not just sell products for social needs . ` Chains such as KFC have started offering Halal products to attract a new , younger audience and a larger demographic . ' Tolu Oshinowo , Deputy Store Manager , at Morrisons , Blackburn enjoys some of the 36 sweets on offer .