NBA star Kevin Love , who dislocated his left shoulder on Sunday , has criticized his opponent for what he called a ` bush-league ' play . Cleveland 's power forward was injured in the first quarter of the Cavaliers ' 101-93 victory that completed a four-game sweep when he and Boston 's Kelly Olynyk chased a loose ball into the left corner after Jae Crowder of the Celtics missed a 3-pointer . Olynyk 's right arm became entangled with Love 's left arm . Love then grabbed his arm and kept running toward the Cleveland bench before going to the locker room , where he iced his shoulder . Olynyk was charged with a non-shooting foul . Scroll down for video . Cleveland Cavaliers forward Kevin Love injured his left shoulder during the first half in game four of the first round of the NBA Playoffs against the Boston Celtics on Sunday . Photos appeared to show that Love was dragged by the arm by Boston Celtics center Kelly Olynyk during the first quarter resulting in an injury that forced the Cavaliers forward from the game . ` I thought it was a bush-league play , ' Love said after the game while wearing a sling . ` I have no doubt in my mind that he did it on purpose , ' Love said . ` Olynyk was in a compromising position , had no chance to get the ball , and it was just too bad that he would go to those lengths to take somebody out of a game . ' Boston coach Brad Stevens did n't think Olynyk hurt Love on purpose . ` That 's not the type of person he is , ' Stevens said . ` I hope Kevin 's OK to play , whenever they play next , because you want everybody out there to finish the game . ' Love said he intends on returning to the playoffs this season and wants the NBA to review the play . ` Oh , the league will take a look at it , ' he said , ` and it better be swift and just . ' ` I thought it was a bush-league play ' : Love , left , has been openly critical of opponent Olynyk following the incident . The Cavaliers said Love would return to Cleveland with the team and receive additional examination , imaging and evaluation at Cleveland Clinic Sports Health over the next 24 hours before his status is updated . Love averaged 18.3 points in the first three games and scored the first basket Sunday . The Cavaliers would be off until at least Saturday before opening the Eastern Conference semifinals against either Chicago or Milwaukee . The Bulls lead that series 3-1 . Cleveland Cavaliers forward Kevin Love runs off the floor holding his shoulder during the first quarter of a first-round NBA playoff basketball game in Boston on Sunday .