Roberto Martinez has ruled Darron Gibson out of the rest of the season after he underwent tests on his damaged metatarsal . The Everton midfielder was hurt in the 2-1 win over Queens Park Rangers last month but Martinez was hopeful that Gibson would be able to play some part in the final seven matches of the campaign . Now , though , he has been forced to admit defeat with that plan . It is a blow for the Everton manager , whose side have staged a mini-revival in recent weeks , but he insists there is positive lining in that Gibson , who missed almost all of Martinez 's first campaign with cruciate ligament damage , does not require surgery . Everton midfielder Darron Gibson will not play again this season after damaging his metatarsal . Everton manager Roberto Martinez expects Gibson to return to pre-season in the best possible shape . Martinez now expects the former Manchester United midfielder to return to pre-season in the best possible shape and maintains he has a crucial role to play in Everton 's future . ` I do n't think we are going to see him this season , ' said Martinez . ` But I am not too worried about that . It is a tricky injury because if you do n't heal it properly , it could come back . We need to make sure he is 100 per cent . If he is fully fit for pre-season , that would be fantastic . ` Darron has been through a lot . We do n't have another player like him in the squad . We are trying to support him . He can add that calm feeling , he has shown his worth and what he is capable of adding . But it is tough , I wo n't lie . It is devastating for him . ` We just have to look at the positive that he does n't need surgery , as at one point it looked very likely . ' Martinez , meanwhile , has admitted Romelu Lukaku is only ' 50/50 ' to be involved in Saturday 's trip to Swansea owing to a hamstring injury . The Belgian international , whose future on Merseyside has been the subject of speculation , has only been making slow progress . Everton striker Romelu Lukaku is only ' 50/50 ' to be involved against Swansea due to a hamstring injury . We will give him as much time as we can , ' said Martinez . ` It is still 50/50 as to whether he will make it . We need to make sure he is 100 per cent before we put him on the football pitch again . It is not a big problem but we do not want to take any risks with him . ` But we are very strong in terms of numbers . The squad is developing really strong competition for places . We want everyone fit and available . The squad is big enough to cope with these problems . After the demands of Europe , we have fully focused on the league . ` We have been able to cope with the mental fatigue . I do feel that we will learn and the focus is getting good momentum in the season . There are lessons to learn . We are now a more mature team . It 's been a tough season and we will learn our lesson . We want to continue our momentum . '