Sam Gallagher put an injury-hit season behind him by inspiring Southampton to Under-21 Premier League Cup glory , netting an exceptional goal which he hopes caught Ronald Koeman 's eye . Last season surpassed all expectations for the teenage striker as he became a regular under Mauricio Pochettino , making 20 first-team appearances as back-up to Rickie Lambert . Things have gone awry this season , though , with injury stunting the 19-year-old 's progress . Sam Gallagher scored the winner as Southampton U21s beat Blackburn Rovers 2-1 on Monday . Ronald Koeman was in the crowd and Gallagher says he hopes he impressed him . Gallagher has not even been named in the matchday squad since the arrival of Koeman , although he gave the Saints boss a nudge in some style on Tuesday evening . The England Under-20s international 's wonderful strike secured the 10 men of Southampton a 2-1 extra-time win over Blackburn in the Under-21 Premier League Cup final at St Mary 's , where the first-team manager was amongst the 12,356 crowd . ` It was unbelievable , that 's all I can really think to say , ' Gallagher said , smiling . ` I was always thinking throughout the game it would be nice to get one and to get in the way I did was quite special to me . ` I 've had a long injury which has put me back quite a bit this season . It sort of feels like it has just started , but it 's almost coming to an end . ` I have always had my focus on the under-21s when I got back fit and I am just looking forward . ` We 've got the league to come now , so hopefully we can do well in that and crack on . ' Southampton celebrate after winning the Under 21 Premier League Cup final second leg . Sam Gallagher , pictured against Arsenal in January 2014 , enjoyed a breakthrough campaign last season . Gallagher is hoping to help Saints end the Barclays Under-21 Premier League strongly , although his performance in front of the on-watching Koeman only strengthens his case for a first-team place . ` Well I know they sort of watch all the under-21 games , ' Gallagher said . ` You always know you 've got to impress and do what you can to get in the first team . ` Hopefully he -LRB- Koeman -RRB- enjoyed that one . ' Harrison Read lifts the trophy alongside his young Southampton team-mates at St Mary 's .