Politicians are criss-crossing the country wooing voters ahead of the election in 27 days ' time . But in more than half of seats the result is already known , according to new analysis of safe seats . More than 25million live in constituencies where the result can already be predicted , because one party is so far ahead . There are 650 seats up for grabs on May 7 , with Labour and the Tories needing more than half to secure a majority . However , the Electoral Reform Society claims the result in 364 seats can be called now , based on current polls and how ` safe ' they were in 2010 . Scroll down for video . Some 70 per cent of seats in the East of England are considered safe , compared to 10 per cent in Scotland , where the SNP is expected to make sweeping gains . Of 303 Tory seats , 186 are considered safe while 151 of Labour 's 257 constituencies are not expected to change hands . The Lib Dems are defending 56 seats , of which only seven are considered safe , after a dramatic collapse in their poll ratings since joining the coalition with the Tories . Some parts of the country are more likely to play a role in deciding the outcome of the election than others . For example , 70 per cent of seats in the East of England are considered safe , compared to 10 per cent in Scotland , where the SNP is expected to make sweeping gains . The ERS has produced a new online tool for voters to see if they live in an area where the election result will be decided . It is campaigning for a change to the voting system , arguing that First Past The Post , where the winning candidate just needs to get the most votes , fails to take account of the changing face of British politics . Of 303 Tory seats , 186 are considered safe while 151 of Labour 's 257 constituencies are not expected to change hands.The Lib Dems are defending 56 seats , of which only seven are considered safe , after a dramatic collapse in their poll ratings since joining the coalition with the Tories . Based on the 2010 election result , David Cameron needs to win another 23 more seats to secure a majority in the Commons , while Ed Miliband needs at least 70 . Nick Clegg is defending 56 seats , but is braced for heavy losses . The Tories need to win only 23 more seats to obtain a majority in the Commons , while Labour need 70 . The polls suggests it could take three or more parties to form a majority , including the SNP , Lib Dems , DUP , Greens and Ukip . Katie Ghose , chief executive of the Electoral Reform Society , said : ` The fact that we can firmly predict the outcome of over half of the seats being contested this May is a sorry indictment of our outdated voting system . `` The average constituency has n't changed hands since the 1960s , and some have been under the same party 's control since the reign of Queen Victoria . This is a huge disincentive for people to get out there and vote , and for other parties to challenge incumbents . We have a system which actively discourages voters and parties from taking part . `` We urgently need a fairer electoral system to give voice to the many millions of people in safe seats who are not being heard . `` Predicting the winners in a majority of seats should n't be possible in a truly dynamic and modern democracy . But sadly that 's exactly what we 've been able to do . The UK needs a fair voting system to bring our politics into the 21st century and give us a Parliament that actually reflects people 's wishes . '' As part of the 2010 coalition agreement , the Lib Dems and Tories held a referendum on changing the voting system to the Alternative Vote , which allows voters to give their first and second choice of candidate . The winner is the first candidate to get over 50 per cent of the vote . However , in the referendum in 2011 it was roundly defeated when 67.9 per cent voted against it .