A boy of 11 is among children arrested over a spate of fires across Welsh countryside which have cost £ 500,000 to fight . Five children were questioned by police after 623 fires ravaged 600 acres of fields and woodland this month alone . Fire crews in South Wales say they have been stretched to breaking point by the ` unprecedented ' scale of destruction , which is mainly being blamed on gangs of youngsters . Five children have been questioned after 623 fires ravaged 600 acres of fields and woodland in one month . Officers yesterday called on parents to report their children if they suspect them of lighting fires . Deputy Chief Constable Matt Jukes , of South Wales Police , said : ` It is only a matter of time before somebody gets seriously injured or even killed . ` What is most concerning is that we believe that many of these grass fires are being caused by children . This must be addressed and everybody can do their bit . ' ` Teachers , neighbours , shop owners , but most importantly parents or carers have a role to play and can make a stand against this recurring problem . ' DCC Jukes added : ` The sad reality is that because of the naïve and reckless actions of some of the youngest members of the community , the lives of those who need the emergency services most are being put at serious risk . ' From Friday morning to Monday evening , emergency services took more than 1,600 calls for grass fires . Gordon Shumack , of Crimestoppers Wales , said : ` The valleys are turning black again as a result of these fires being deliberately started . ' The cost of fighting the blazes , which devastated wildlife , has risen close to £ 500,000 since the month began . Fire chief Stephen Rossiter said : ` The natural terrain of mountains is very dangerous underfoot , and more so when we are fighting grass fires -- even for our best-trained people . ' South Wales : Gordon Shumack said the valleys were turning black as a result of the deliberately started fires . ` It is quite possible a house will catch fire if the incidents continue . People lighting them need to understand the danger they can cause . ' The arrested 11-year-old was given ` stern ' advice by police . Four suspects aged 12 to 14 were released on bail . It comes as the dry and sunny weather has left heathlands especially vulnerable to fast spreading fire . Meanwhile a blaze which ravaged the Pirbright Army ranges in Surrey was yesterday still smouldering nearly a week after it began . Conservation experts say that the area could take ten years to recover . A man , 33 , has been arrested and released on bail over the fire .