Nicola Sturgeon was hailed the shock winner of last night 's TV debate according to one snap poll , inflicting a damaging blow to Ed Miliband 's election hopes . In a nightmare for Labour , which is battling to fend off an SNP landslide in its traditional Scottish heartlands , Miss Sturgeon was deemed well ahead -- with Mr Miliband trailing David Cameron and Nigel Farage . Overall , an average of four polls of viewers put Mr Cameron just ahead -- and to the Tories ' delight , he also emerged with a clear lead on who is seen ` most capable of leading the country ' . Scroll down for video . Nicola Sturgeon was hailed as the shock winner of the TV debate by one poll , inflicting a damaging blow to Ed Miliband 's election hopes . ComRes put him on 40 per cent as the best prime minister , with Mr Miliband on 28 per cent and Mr Farage just 10 per cent . Last night a national voting intention poll by YouGov put the Conservatives ahead of their vote share at the last election , and at their highest point since 2013 , with 37 per cent to Labour 's 35 per cent . But it was Miss Sturgeon 's success among viewers across the UK that was the biggest surprise of the night . Peeping out : The Tory poster depicting Ed Miliband in Nicola Sturgeon 's pocket . The Tories rushed out a poster depicting Ed Miliband in Nicola Sturgeon 's pocket last night -- saying the SNP leader had ` dominated ' him in the debate . A hapless-looking Labour leader was seen peering out of the top pocket of a contented Miss Sturgeon , who triumphed in one of the main post-debate polls . If Labour fails to win a majority in the election , it is expected that Mr Miliband may have to come to a deal with the Scottish Nationalists if he is to get into Number 10 . A tweet from Conservative campaign headquarters said : ` Nicola Sturgeon dominated Miliband -- an interesting glimpse into what life would be like under a Miliband/SNP deal ' . The poster follows a similar one released last month showing Mr Miliband in the pocket of former SNP leader Alex Salmond , who has declared that he will help write the Labour budget . It revives memories of the 1980s Spitting Image depiction of the then Liberal leader David Steel in the pocket of David Owen , leader of the SDP . The two parties were in alliance at the time . Scotland 's steely First Minister left the Labour leader squirming as she attacked him from the Left on tax and spending . In the key moments in last night 's two hour , seven-way clash : . Miss Sturgeon , a veteran of TV debates in the Scottish referendum campaign , repeatedly left the Labour leader discomforted -- and forced him to suggest that Labour is not now committed to plans to find another £ 30billion through tax rises and spending cuts , which he voted for earlier this year . But Miss Sturgeon also gave Mr Cameron and Nick Clegg a rough ride , saying it was time to ` break the old boys ' network at Westminster ' . In an early intervention , she mocked the Coalition leaders for arguing about their future spending plans , saying : ` It is really interesting watching David Cameron and Nick Clegg attack each other , when they have been working hand in glove for the past five years . ' But Miss Sturgeon saved her main fire for Mr Miliband , scolding him for paying lip service to the need for further cuts . ` Ed talks the language on austerity , but it 's only a few weeks since he trooped through the lobbies to vote for £ 30billion of cuts , ' she said . Challenging the Labour leader directly , she said : ` We need to invest and grow our way out of austerity -- why did you vote for £ 30billion of cuts ? ' As Mr Cameron looked on smiling , Mr Miliband responded weakly : ` That was n't what the vote was for . ' Mr Clegg ambushed the Prime Minister at the first opportunity after five years of Coalition , saying : ` I believe you need to make the necessary cuts because you have to . ` George Osborne and David Cameron do it because they want to . ' Mr Cameron retorted : ` I defend all our decisions -- you have a pick-and-mix approach . ' Miss Sturgeon forced Milband to suggest that Labour is not now committed to plans to find another £ 30billion through tax rises and spending cuts , which he voted for earlier this year . The seven leaders in the TV debate : Natalie Bennett -LRB- Green -RRB- , Nick Clegg -LRB- Lib Dem -RRB- , Nigel Farage -LRB- Ukip -RRB- , Ed Miliband -LRB- Labour -RRB- , Leanne Wood -LRB- Plaid Cymru -RRB- , Nicola Sturgeon -LRB- SNP -RRB- and David Cameron -LRB- Conservative -RRB- . Cameron heckler is thrown out . A female heckler was removed from the debate audience after she interrupted the Prime Minister . Victoria Prosser , 33 , said that she wanted to challenge the ` 1 per cent at the top ' . As David Cameron tried to answer a question , the self-described ` wellbeing guru ' , who was dressed in a sheepskin-style gilet , stood up and heckled . She called out : ` There 's homeless people on the streets that have been in the services . ' Debate moderator Julie Etchingham tried to stop the woman , telling her : ` Not from the audience thank you . ' ` I 'm sorry ' : As David Cameron tried to answer a question Victoria Prosser , 33 , stood up and heckled him about homeless people who had served in the armed forces . But she continued : ` I have to speak out because I 'm worried . At the end of the day there 's more of us than them and they 're not listening to us . ' Mr Cameron replied : ` The lady makes an important point that there are people who come out of our armed services who have difficulties and that 's why we should be putting money into armed forces charities that help homeless people . ' During his response , she could be heard shouting : ` It 's not the truth . ' She was then forcibly removed from the TV studio . On her Twitter account she describes herself as ` mum , coach , artist , wellbeing guru ! ' She has previously re-tweeted negative posts about Ukip and Mr Cameron . According to her internet profiles , she volunteers at a homeless project in Manchester as well as working at a vegetarian cafe in Salford . Outside the studio , Miss Prosser said she had been ` emotionally moved by David Cameron using vulnerable people ' . She added : ` I ca n't vote for anyone who I know is lying or omitting facts . That means I could n't vote for any of the people that I saw tonight . ' Ed Miliband sent an aide to Manchester to pick up two pairs of shoes for last night 's debate . The Labour leader 's assistant was despatched to Clark 's on Market Street in Manchester to pick up two pairs of classic black shoes . She bought the Francis Air and Glenrise Walk brands , each priced at £ 65 . The revelation that Mr Miliband bought two pairs of shoes for one debate will add to claims he is indecisive , and comes just weeks after it emerged his house has two kitchens . Clark 's assistant Laura Roberts , 22 , said : ` I helped his aide pick the two choices . They are two of our best-sellers . I 'll be watching to see which one he chooses . '