Peter Moores insisted he could work with Michael Vaughan if he becomes England 's new director of cricket despite the pair 's chequered past . ` Of course I could , ' said Moores in St Kitts on Thursday . ` It 's not a personal thing . People have views . We 're still going through a transitional spell so to me this is about getting England as strong as we can as quickly as we can . Whoever comes into that job I just want to share views to make sure we have the best way forward . The new man is expected to be a supremo who will be very much with the team but Moores was not sure England needed another voice in the dressing room . Michael Vaughan with Peter Moores in 2008 during his unsuccessful first spell as England coach . Moores ' position as England coach has come under scrutiny after a woeful World Cup campaign . ` I do n't think we do , ' he said . ` It depends who takes the role and how that remit is set out . As always we will have to make it clear what the players have to do to go out and play for England . It depends how the job is set out . Moores is sad to see the departure of Paul Downton , the man who brought him back to the coaching job and called him the ` outstanding coach of his generation . ' ` Paul 's a very passionate Englishman and everything he 's done has been to try to help us do better on the field and perform , ' said Moores . ` When someone goes you 're always sad about that but my job is to make sure we do n't lose our focus on the Test series coming up . Paul Downton , with whom Moores was close , was sacked as managing director of England cricket . Former England captain Vaughan has emerged as the leading candidate to replace Downton . ` I do n't think this is about my position , I do n't think it changes much . I 'm passionate about cricket , I love the game , and I 've got a good record as a coach . It 's about the players and I will carry on doing my job here . I see some emerging players I 'm very excited about and I 'm going to stay committed to them . ` Tom Harrison passed on the news about what was happening with Paul and that we were going to restructure . He said to me ` nothing 's changed , keep doing your work ' which is exactly what I 'm going to do . ` I 've spoken to Paul . He seems fine . He 's given everything to the job and has committed everything to it . '