Police in Maryland are hunting for a ` heartless ' thief who stole a four-year-old boy 's wheelchair in the middle of the night . The youngster 's mother left the buggy in the lobby of their building on Merrimac Drive , Langley Park , as usual on Sunday evening since it 's easier to carry her son to their second floor apartment . But when she went to retrieve the stroller the following morning , it had reportedly disappeared . Scroll down for videos . Caught on camera : Police in Maryland are hunting for a ` heartless ' thief -LRB- seen above on CCTV footage -RRB- who stole a four-year-old boy 's wheelchair in the middle of the night . Distraught : The youngster 's mother left the wheelchair in the lobby of their building on Merrimac Drive , Langley Park , as usual on Sunday evening since it 's easier to carry her son to their second floor apartment . Prince George 's County Police have released a piece of surveillance footage which shows a person pushing the empty chair in a parking lot . They 're asking anyone with information about the case to contact investigators . The film appears to show a dark-haired white male dressed in a jacket and pants . A cash reward is being offered . Commenting on the incident , Capt. Ken Humbel said : ` This family already faces challenges and should n't be burdened with the emotional and financial stress of the theft of this wheelchair . Flashback : The boy 's mother has shared a video of her son using his chair in a bid to trigger tip offs . ` The suspect we 're looking for has no heart . ' Anyone with information about the theft is being urged to call police at 301-699-2601 or Crime Solvers at 866-411-TIPS . The boy 's mother has also shared a video of her son using his chair with the community in a bid to trigger tip offs . While officers search for the suspect , they 're in talks with a foundation that may help find a replacement chair in the meantime . They did not say why the boy uses the wheelchair , citing privacy concerns .