Restaurant critic and festival curator Leo Schofield , 79 , claimed living in Tasmania was the unhappiest time of his life . An Australian festival organiser has slammed Tasmania as a state full ` dregs , bogans and third-generation morons ' . In a scathing article , long time restaurant critic and festival curator Leo Schofield , 79 , claimed living in Tasmania was the unhappiest time of his life and the decade he spent there left him feeling bitter and depressed . ` I think I came very close to either a nervous breakdown or suicide . I just started to fall apart , ' he told Fairfax . Mr Schofield moved to Hobart to set up a Baroque music festival in what he claims was an attempt to help Tasmanians take advantage of its grand heritage . He decided to relocate back to New South Wales after the Tasmanian Government cut the festivals funding by 25 per cent . Mr Schofield said he was offered $ 300,000 for the 2014 festival which was a reduction from the $ 400,000 the government offered in the previous year . ` We were deeply wounded and shocked , ' he said . ' -LSB- The festival -RSB- was supported by a lot of wonderful people down there , who shared the vision that the government would n't . Anyhow , we threw up our hands and said , ` We 're not going to do it anymore . F**k you . ' Mr Schofield moved to Hobart to set up a Baroque music festival , but decided to relocate back to New South Wales after the Tasmanian Government cut the festivals funding by 25 per cent . After receiving an offer from Queensland arts organisations he decided to move the festival to Brisbane . Mr Schofield said his daughters recognised that the battle he was waging with the Tasmanian Government took a toll on him and decided to stage an ` intervention ' . ` The whole process knocked me about terribly and I honestly started going to pieces , ' he said . ` I was drinking , I was taking a lot of tablets , and stupidly driving when I was in no condition to drive . I was suffering from acute depression . ' While Mr Schofield admits he was ` absolutely obsessed , tremendously intrigued ' by Tasmania , he continued to blast Tasmanian 's for wanting to ` dig it up , chop it down , sell it to the Chinese . ' Luke Martin from the Tourism Industry Council of Tasmania Tweeted the above after Mr Schofield said of Tasmania : ` All the young people leave , and the only ones left are the dregs , the bogans , the third-generation morons ' He added the above despite Mr Schofield saying he suffered from acute depression after the mishap . He continued : ` All the young people leave , and the only ones left are the dregs , the bogans , the third-generation morons ' . He said he plans to reserve a chapter in his memoirs dedicated to his time in Tasmania called ` Revenge of the Bogans ' . Luke Martin from the Tourism Industry Council of Tasmania responded to Mr Schofield 's comments labelling them as ` blatant mistruths ' . He tweeted : ` No one cut his funding , he asked for more and spat the dummy when it was n't given ' .