West Ham United manager Sam Allardyce believes his squad are unable to deal with the rigours of a full Barclays Premier League season after they dropped points by conceding late against Stoke City . Allardyce 's contract expires at the end of the season but he feels his work at Upton Park is far from done and wants to oversee the development of a squad lacking in top-flight experience . The West Ham starting XI on Saturday included six summer signings with Carl Jenkinson and Alex Song the only ones to have played in the Premier League before . Sam Allardyce believes his squad are unable to deal with the rigours of a full Premier League season . Allardyce 's contract expires at the end of the season but he feels his work at Upton Park is far from done . Marko Arnautovic scored a 95th-minute equaliser to once again see West Ham lose points late on in a game . West Ham -LRB- 4-1-2-1-2 -RRB- : Adrian 6.5 ; Jenkinson 6.5 , Collins 7 , Reid 6 , Cresswell 7 ; Song 7 -LRB- Nolan 67 mins , 6 -RRB- ; Noble 6 , Kouyate 7 ; Downing 5.5 ; Valencia 7 -LRB- Amalfitano 78 -RRB- , Sakho 6.5 -LRB- Cole 59 , 5.5 -RRB- . Unused subs : Jaaskelainen , Jarvis , Nene , O'Brien . Booked : Collins , Nolan . Manager : Sam Allardyce 6.5 . Stoke City -LRB- 4-2-3-1 -RRB- : Begovic 6.5 ; Cameron 6 , Shawcross 6 , Wollscheid 5.5 , Wilson 6 -LRB- Pieters 49 , 5.5 -RRB- ; Whelan 6 -LRB- Ireland 67 -RRB- , Nzonzi 6.5 ; Moses 6.5 -LRB- Diouf 44 , 7 -RRB- , Adam 6.5 , Arnautovic 7.5 ; Walters 6.5 . Unused subs : Butland , Bardsley , Sidwell , Crouch . Booked : Pieters . Manager : Mark Hughes 6.5 . Referee : Roger East 7 . Man of the match : Marko Arnautovic . Attendance : 34,946 . Much like their season as a whole , the Hammers started strongly against Stoke before wasting their efforts with a lack of concentration late on . ` The early part of the season is about the players achieving great heights , ' Allardyce said . ` I think that as the squad has found at this stage they 're finding the nitty gritty of the Premier League and that is the physical and mental fatigue that they 've not experienced . ` I talk about Aaron Cresswell , I could talk about Carl Jenkinson . All of a sudden it 's week after week , pressure after pressure , performance after performance . Our new players from abroad , Cheikhou -LRB- Kouyate -RRB- , -LRB- Diafra -RRB- Sakho , -LRB- Enner -RRB- Valencia , have all done brilliant but they 're feeling the pace a little bit . ` Next season they 'll be better , they 'll be more experienced , they 'll be more able to cope than they have been this season . ' Among the new arrivals on Saturday was former Ipswich Town left back Cresswell , who scored with a brilliant free-kick before Marko Arnautovic 's 95th-minute equaliser . West Ham had dominated early on and Cresswell 's curling effort left goalkeeper Asmir Begovic flummoxed to open the scoring . West Ham had dominated early on and Aaron Cresswell 's curling effort from a free-kick gave them the lead . Diafra Sakho is among those said to be struggling with the tail end of the season , and he limped off . But Stoke grew into the game as the home side waned and Arnautovic had two goals ruled out for offside either side of Mame Biram Diouf hitting the inside of the post with a header . The fired-up Austrian was n't to be denied though and he eventually shot across Adrian 's goal and into the corner with seconds left to spark wild celebrations in front of the away end . It was a familiar scene for the home support whose reaction at the final whistle indicated that they do not see Allardyce as the man in charge as this inexperienced side grows . SUPER STAT : West Ham have lost more points from goals scored in the 90th minute or later this season -LRB- seven -RRB- than any other Premier League team . Carl Jenkinson might have come from Arsenal but he was never a first-choice option with the Gunners .