England will not be playing in the Under 19 European Championships this summer after losing 2-1 to France in their decisive final qualifier . Having beaten Denmark and Azerbaijan in their opening Elite Round qualifiers , the Young Lions had to beat France in Saint-Lo to advance to July 's finals in Greece . But goals from Sehrou Guirassy and Gnaly Cornet put the hosts in command and a late response from Fulham 's Patrick Roberts was n't enough to rescue Sean O'Driscoll 's team . Patrick Roberts was on target for England 's Young Lions against France but it was n't enough to qualify . Boosted by the return of Tottenham Hotspur midfielder Harry Winks from suspension , O'Driscoll reverted to the line-up that had beaten Denmark 3-2 late last week . A swirling wind in Normandy made playing conditions difficult , with any long balls ineffective , and consequently the first period saw very few chances . France managed to take one of theirs , however , just after the half-hour mark . Neal Maupay fired the ball into a crowded penalty area and Guirassy had the presence of mind to divert it past England goalkeeper Angus Gunn . Chelsea ' Izzy Brown came close to equalising shortly before half-time but sent Demarai Gray 's cross over the bar inside the six-yard box . Sean O'Driscoll 's team have missed out on this summer 's European Championship finals in Greece . France 's second goal , five minutes into the second half , left England with a mountain to climb . Maupay again provided the assist , passing to Cornet to drill the ball in off the near post . The home side were almost over the finish line but there was a flicker of hope for England when Roberts halved the deficit from a Ruben Loftus-Cheek cross 11 minutes from time . But England required a further two goals because of their inferior goal difference in the group and there was to be no late drama as their Euro ambitions faded . England -LRB- 4-1-4-1 -RRB- : Angus Gunn -LRB- Manchester City -RRB- ; Ashley Smith-Brown -LRB- Manchester City -RRB- , Joe Gomez -LRB- Charlton Athletic -RRB- , Brendan Galloway -LRB- Everton -RRB- , Ben Chilwell -LRB- Leicester City -RRB- ; Harry Winks -LRB- Tottenham Hotspur -RRB- ; Patrick Roberts -LRB- Fulham -RRB- , Ruben Loftus-Cheek -LRB- Chelsea -RRB- , Charlie Colkett -LRB- Chelsea -RRB- , Demarai Gray -LRB- Birmingham City -RRB- ; Izzy Brown -LRB- C ; Chelsea -RRB- . Substitutions : Ola Aina -LRB- Chelsea -RRB- for Smith-Brown 76 ; Bradley Fewster -LRB- Middlesbrough -RRB- for Colkett 82 . Substitutes not used : Freddie Woodman -LRB- Newcastle United -RRB- , Alex Kiwomya -LRB- Chelsea -RRB- , Aaron Kuhl -LRB- Reading -RRB- , Robert Dickie -LRB- Reading -RRB- . Scorer : Roberts 79 . Booked : Colkett 58 , Aina 83 . Head coach : Sean O'Driscoll . France : Florian Escales , Angelo Fulgini , Mouctar Diakhaby , Abdou Diallo , Olivier Kemen -LRB- C -RRB- , Gnaly Cornet , Samed Kilic , Neal Maupay , Sehrou Guirassy , Alex Blin , Lucas . Substitutions : Lucas Tousart for Kilic 46 ; Benjamin Pavard for Kemin 67 ; Ulrich Nnomo for Guirassy 84 . Substitutes not used : Bingourou Kamara , Nicolas Senzemba , Kingsley Coman , Lyes Houri . Scorers : Guirassy 31 ; Cornet 50 . Booked : Maupay 25 , Kemen 45 . Head coach : Patrick Gonfalone . Referee : Marco Guida -LRB- ITA -RRB- . Attendance : 3,372 .