For a self-professed champion of women 's rights , ESPN sports reporter Britt McHenry has a funny way of showing it . The 28-year-old has been suspended from the network for a week after being caught on camera telling a parking lot attendant she should ` lose some weight , baby girl ' , adding ` I 'm on television and you 're in a f -- ing trailer , honey ' . But according to her blog , the former model is dedicated to helping women feel ` comfortable in their own skin ' . In a self-aggrandizing rant , McHenry tells her readers she is ` taking a stand ' against ` sexist ' commercials that focus on ` appearance alone ' . It is an almost unrecognizable tone from the one she took on April 6 , when she raged at towing company clerk Gina Michelle : ` Just being here makes my skin crawl ... Maybe if I was missing some teeth they would hire me , huh ? ' SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . Women 's rights champion ? Britt McHenry encourages her blog readers to ` be the woman with a voice , not the sex-ed up body without one ' . She said she posted this selfie as an example of female empowerment . Pious : Just eight days before her outburst , McHenry lectured her Facebook followers on the impact of words . Vicious : ESPN sports reporter Britt McHenry has been suspended for one week and could face further punishment after video surfaced of her berating an Advanced Towing employee in Arlington , Virginia . Glamorous : Originally from New Jersey , McHenry is a sideline reporter for ESPN based in Washington D.C. Pictured is Gina Michelle , the clerk abused by McHenry and told she needed to lose some weight . McHenry uses her blog post to lament the pressure put on women to appear a certain way . She describes a cheeseburger advert that features an almost naked woman , writing : ` When so many females fight for gender equality in pay and opportunity -- still to this day in 2015 -- an advertisement like that only sets women back generations . ' ` Women , ' she pontificates , ` can be comfortable in their own skin ... Be the woman with a voice , not the sex-ed up body without one . ' Regaling her own life story , McHenry tells readers : ` Even at 18 , and yes as a model once , I never fathomed resting on appearance alone . ` In a pre-Instagram era , I was more worried about putting my nose in a book rather than flaunting it -LRB- and other female assets -RRB- in a portfolio book . ` If a Champion Sportswear ad helped pay for my student loans , great . But , I wanted to be an attractive AND intelligent woman . ' She closes with a rallying cry against the cheeseburger ad that inspired her diatribe : ` Put the burger down during the big game 's party and pick up some chips and salsa . It will be my silent act of solidarity . ' It seems her activism waned as she came face-to-face with mother-of-three Gina Michelle at the Advanced Towing Company after her car was removed from the parking lot of a Chinese restaurant in Arlington , Virginia . The verbal attack on April 6 was captured on a security camera as she paid to pick the vehicle up at the tow lot office . ` I 'm in the news , sweetheart , I will f ----- g sue this place , ' McHenry can he heard saying in the video . The parking attendant can be heard in the video warning McHenry she is being filmed and threatens to ` play your video ' . McHenry seems unfussed , responding : ` That 's why I have a degree and you do n't - I would n't work in a scumbag place like this . ` Makes my skin crawl even being here . ' The parking attendant patiently replies : ` Well lets get you out of here quickly . ' McHenry then fires back : ` Yep , that 's all you care about - taking people 's money ... with no education , no skill set . Just wanted to clarify that . ' After a few more comments , including telling the woman she does n't have a brain , McHenry delivers her biggest sting . ` Maybe if I was missing some teeth they would hire me , huh ? ' she says . ` Cos I 'm on television and you 're in a f ----- g trailer , honey . ' Finally , before walking away , McHenry says : ` Lose some weight , baby girl . ' Caught red-faced : Incredibly , McHenry was warned that she was being filmed at the start of her ugly rant , however continued to insult the woman 's looks , education and job on-camera . Unhappy customer : Britt McHenry leaving the towing company and flipping a finger to the cameras . She 's outta there : ESPN immediately responded by suspending McHenry , but only for one week . The towing company told TMZ ` she was in the wrong ' but insists there are no hard feelings towards McHenry . In a statement emailed to DailyMail.com , a spokesman said : ` Parking enforcement is contentious by nature . ` At the same time , neither Gina , our lot clerk , nor our company , have any interest in seeing Britt McHenry suspended or terminated as a result of her comments . ` Ms McHenry is our neighbor , and , as she said , to paraphrase , made remarks that were out of line . She is human and errors in judgement can be made in the heat of the moment . ` Gina is a single mother of 3 children who works a difficult job to provide her family . Gina holds no ill will toward Ms McHenry . ` As a small business , we saw no benefit to releasing the video , except to highlight personal attacks employees in jobs like towing , public parking enforcement and others sometimes encounter . The video was not licensed or sold to anyone . ' There is now a petition to have McHenry fired from her role in Washington , D.C. , slamming the sportscaster as ` derogatory , classist and body-shaming . ' The Change.org petition reads : ` Currently McHenry is serving a mere 1-week suspension for her outburst . ` By retaining Britt McHenry as a prominent public figure of Sports Media , ESPN Inc. and other networks effectively send a loud public message condoning this type of cruel behavior . ` The comments captured in the video represent an unacceptable attitude of hatred for lower-income Americans and individuals whose features do not match traditional beauty standards . ` Britt McHenry lost her credibility as a professional journalist when she shamelessly broadcasted this hatred both to the victim in the video and to a global audience of thousands who now bear witness to it . ` Continuing to support Britt McHenry directly threatens not only her potential future victims , but also the integrity of ESPN , the field of American sports media , and journalism as a whole . As the video , obtained by Live Leak , spread online , ESPN , which is owned by Disney , was forced to react . A spokesman confirmed McHenry had been suspended for one week . It is unclear whether a more serious punishment will be handed down . Disney has so far refused DailyMail.com 's request for a comment . McHenry , who appears impeccably groomed on camera , berated Michelle for her appearance and her job . The apology : McHenry offered up this note as the video of her awful attack spread online Thursday . The backlash : Twitter users mocked McHenry 's arrogance and emphasis on appearance . A petition has been launched to see McHenry removed from the network following her outburst . Hundreds of people have reacted to the incident on Twitter as ESPN refuses to comment further . Right after the incident took place , McHenry took her Twitter account to rant about how Adanced Towing is ` corrupt ' . She has since deleted the tweet . On Thursday , she turned to social media again to apologize for her actions , saying it was an ` intense and stressful moment ' for her . She posted online : ` In an intense and stressful moment , I allowed my emotions to get the best of me and said some insulting and regrettable things . As frustrated as I was , I should always choose to be respectful and take the high road . I am so sorry for my actions and will learn from this mistake . ' However , her apology has done little to quell the tirade of fury , and the following day weight discrimination groups began speaking out against McHenry . ` It was extremely sad , ' James Zervios , vice president of marketing and communications for the Obesity Action Coalition , told the New York Daily News . ` This is not something that should be socially acceptable . ` It shows that weight bias is something that 's very common in our society . ' According to The Big Lead , McHenry was eating Hunan Chinese restaurant on Wilson Boulevard in Arlington when her car was towed . Advanced Towing has been berated in the past with users complaining of double charges and unfair car removals . The firm has an F rating on the Better Business Bureau site .