Die-hard fans of the hit BBC series Poldark are n't just flocking to Cornwall as tourists , as interest in the programme has spurred demand for holiday homes along the county 's picturesque coastline . A beachfront property with spectacular views has gone on the market for £ 3million , and it is already drawing interest from viewers who are enamoured with the series ' stunning setting -- and actor Aidan Turner 's chiselled looks . Since the series started airing last month estate agents said they have seen a rise in enquiries about the cottage , overlooking an ancient smugglers ' cove on Cornwall 's north coast , and other properties where the title character , Ross Poldark , plies his trade . Scroll down for video . A beachfront property with summer and winter cottages -LRB- middle , bottom left -RRB- has gone on the market for £ 3million in Cornwall . The property has stunning views of Smugglers Cove , and the summer and winter cottages are linked via a lift -LRB- pictured : summer cottage -RRB- . Poldark actor Aidan Turner has become a heartthrob for fans after his character took off his shirt on the popular BBC One show . Ben Standen , from estate agents Jackson-Stops & Staff of Truro , said Smugglers Cottage in Smugglers Cove , near Portreath , has a summer and winter cottage , cleverly linked via a lift . Boasting seven bedrooms , six reception rooms and seven bathrooms , the property has direct access to the beach and an amazing view of uninterrupted coast and open sea . The summer cottage has three bedrooms and the winter cottage has four , and they can be used separately to provide lots of space for a family . Mr Standen said : ` The fact it has direct access onto the beach and has these two houses linked by a lift - it 's the sort of thing that comes on the market once every 20 or 30 years . ' The scenic county has always been a popular destination thanks to its rugged coastline , but interest in the programme , based on Winston Graham 's Poldark historical novels , set in the 18th century , is giving the local tourism and housing market a boost . Boasting seven bedrooms , six reception rooms and seven bathrooms , the stunning property has direct access to the beach . One of the larger bedrooms in the summer cottage offers amazing views of Smugglers Cove on the northern coast of Cornwall . The summer cottage has three bedrooms and the winter cottage has four , with uninterrupted views of the sea . Smugglers Cottage is located just a few miles from some of the series ' filming locations , including nearby St Agnes Head , which doubles as Nampara Valley , part of the Poldark family estate , in the show . There are lots of ` Poldark experiences ' now on offer in the county -- with kayak , horseback and walking Poldark tours . Mr Standen added : ` I certainly think the Poldark series has heightened Cornwall 's appeal . There are lots of ` Poldark experiences ' now on offer in the county -- with kayak , horseback and walking Poldark tours . Smugglers Cottage is located just a few miles from some of the series ' filming locations , including nearby St Agnes Head . The show 's popularity is coupled with the county 's stunning scenery and history in making Cornwall a desirable destination . ` There are more people coming down here more regularly and expressing interest in buying a second home . ` Properties on the coastline with these breathtaking views have got a lot of appeal and are incredibly popular , which the series has made people more aware of . ' The show 's popularity is coupled with the county 's stunning scenery and history in making Cornwall a desirable destination . Estate agents said they have seen an increase in interest in holiday homes in Cornwall since Poldark began airing last month . Smuggling was rife in the 18th century , when Poldark is set , and Cornwall 's coast is full of hidden coves and tucked-away inlets . It was popular with smugglers because it had a long expanse of rocky , virtually uninhabited coast . With few revenue men to patrol it , goods like tea , brandy , rum and tobacco were smuggled in . All four of Fowey 's public toilets are out of service just weeks before summer . Poldark fans and thousands of other holidaymakers who are planning to visit a popular seaside town in Cornwall may have nowhere to go when nature calls . Located in the heart of Poldark country , the town of Fowey is locked in a bizarre and long-running wrangle over public toilets . All four of the main public conveniences in Fowey -- where a Poldark exhibition is being planned in May -- are closed and with the summer tourist season fast approaching , there 's no sign of the wee wrangle being resolved . The town council agreed to take over the running of the four public toilets from Cornwall Council at the start of 2013 . But more than two years later , the details of the transfer of ownership of three of them - Caffa Mill , the main car park and Readymoney Cove -- are still being worked out by the county council while the fourth block , at the Town Quay , is shut for refurbishment . Town clerk Sally Vincent said : ` There is nothing more the town council can do to push it on ... it is still in the legal loop . ` I am hopeful it will be completed soon . ` The town council is really pleased to be able to take on the ownership of the toilets . ` As a town council we feel we need to get the Town Quay toilets up and running and then go from there . It 's important that Fowey has these facilities . ' The Town Quay toilets were already owned by the town council but leased to Cornwall Council , which has meant the handover could be completed more quickly . Refurbishment work started last week and it is hoped they will be open within eight weeks , with the toilet for the disabled being available to use while work is done on the others . When they reopen , visitors will have to pay 20p per use to offset the cost to the town council of running them . Mrs Vincent added : ` The cost of running toilets is astronomical . ` The town council simply does n't have the money to do it for nothing so it was felt that if we charge 20p it would be something towards it . ' Cornwall Council figures suggest it will cost a minimum of £ 26,000 a year to run the four sets of toilets , with the town having to cover insurance costs and business rates as well as cleaning , maintenance and consumables . Until the transfer of ownership on the three blocks at the main car park , Readymoney Cove and Caffa Mill , is completed , the responsibility for opening the toilets will rest with Cornwall Council .