There are some very high expectations for the JJ Abrams-directed Star Wars : Episode VII - The Force Awakens when it hits theaters on December 18 . The space epic is already being predicted to rake in a global $ 500m on its opening weekend , according to a Tuesday article from The Hollywood Reporter . That 's more than the $ 483m record set by the final Harry Potter film - Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows -- Part 2 - in 2011 . Scroll down for trailer . The film could make over $ 2 billion : Star Wars : Episode VII - The Force Awakens released its trailer on Thursday to a packed audience at California 's Anaheim Convention Center ; here Harrison Ford appears as Han Solo alongside Chewbacca . ` If it pleases the fans of the old movies and also appeals to kids , watch out , ' box-office analyst Phil Contrino told the publication . ` Force Awakens will hit $ 1 billion without blinking . If it 's really good , it could cross $ 2 billion . ' Already Disney and Lucasfilm are working overtime to drum up interest in the scifi extravaganzat that 's full of Stormtroopers , Jedis and lightsabers . Ancient : The opening shot of the trailer reveals a speeder on the planet Jaku , where a crashed Star Destoyer and X-Wing are buried in the sand . The second trailer was released on Thursday to massive fanfare at the Star Wars Celebration in Anaheim . The one minute 51 second trailer was unveiled by Abrams with stars Fisher , Mark Hamill , Daisy Ridley , Oscar Isaac and John Boyega looking on . The clip is the first time Han Solo , played by Harrison Ford , has been seen on film since 1983 's Return of The Jedi . He is joined by Chewbacca at the end of the trailer and heard saying , ` Chewie , we 're home . ' Burned : An unknown pair of hands hold the melted mask of Darth Vader , apparently retrieved from his funeral pyre at the end of Return Of The Jedi . Familiar ? A hooded unknown character with a robotic arm , possibly Luke Skywalker , is seen reaching for R2D2 . Passing it down ? We see a lightsaber - which looks exacly like Luke 's from A New Hope - being handed over , strongly suggesting Skywalker has had a child . Fly boys : An X-Wing squadron is seen racing along above water . Red leader : Oscar Isaac whoops as X-Wing pilot Poe Dameron , still bearing the rebel insignia on his helmet . Amboee Brand Intelligence is reporting a global debut of $ 533.2 million to $ 539.5 million . They 're basing their prediction on how well the Star Wars trailer is trafficking online . And they are impressed by how it has done much better than the trailers for both Furious 7 and Fifty Shades Of Grey , which have been massive international hits . In trouble : Daisy Ridley plays Rey and John Boyega is Finn - they are seen fleeing a pursuing TIE Fighter on the Jaku . New baddie : The mysterious wielder of the much-discussed crucifix lightsaber is revealed , using the Force while wearing a mask . It is already being assumed that Force Awakens will get the widest release ever , meaning at least 4,500 locations in North America . The Robert Pattinson and Kristen Stewart vampire saga Twilight : Eclipse went out in 4,468 screens . Disney did not comment to the Reporter . And the competition wo n't be stiff either . The other films coming out that weekend are Sisters , Universal 's Tina Fey-Amy Poehler comedy . New Empire : The new Stormtroopers form ranks in front of a new insignia that is reminiscent of the old Imperial one . New look : Modern TIE fighters are seen flying in formation above the desert planet , possibly in pursuit of Finn and Rey . The trailer opens on what appears to be the newly revealed desert planet Jaku -LRB- or Jakoo -RRB- , as a speeder races across the sands we see an ancient downed Star Destroyer and a skeletal X-Wing , which clearly crashed there from orbit decades ago . We then see a an unknown pair of hands holding the mangled mask of Darth Vader , melted and disfigured from the Sith lord 's funeral pyre at the end of Return of the Jedi . We hear a voice - believed to be Mark Hamill 's - reprising a line from the 1983 film : ` The force is strong in my family . My father has it . I have it . My sister has it . ' Ambush : A base filled with Stormtroopers and TIE fighters comes under attack from unseen assailants . Revealed : Fans already knew Boyega 's character was a Stormtrooper - or at least posed as one - since November 's first teaser trailer . A hooded figure with a robotic arm , very likely Luke Skywalker , reaches out and lays a hand on R2D2 as John Williams rising score plays in the background . We then see a lightsaber changing hands between two more unseen characters , as the voice finishes : ` You have that power too ' - a strong suggestion Luke Skywalker has had a child . The lightsaber itself looks exactly like the one Luke inherited from Obi Wan Kenobi in A New Hope , but lost when Darth Vader cut off his hand above at the climax of The Empire Strikes Back , suggesting the weapon was somehow retrieved from below Bespin 's Cloud City . Upgrades : A number of ships from the old Imperial fleet are seen , including this Star Destroyer . Elite : One of the most intriguing images from the trailer was this unknown troop , wearing a black version of the Stormtrooper armour . Then in a flurry of quick scenes we see Oscar Isaac as pilot Poe Dameron flying with a squadron of X-Wings above water ; His helmet and flight suit still bear the Rebel insignia from the original series . Suddenly a hooded figure swinging the much-discussed ` crucifix lightsaber ' at the camera ; before John Boyega and Daisy Ridley as Rey and Finn are seen fleeing a TIE fighter blasting at them from above the desert planet , while the new rolling droid BB8 trudles speedily beside them . Passenger : The rolling droid BB-8 is spotted inside the Millennium Falcon , peeking around a corner . She gets into more than she bargained for : Rey gets involved with Finn and also crosses paths with Isaac 's character , it was learned . It is then we get our first proper look at the masked villain wielding the red lightsaber as he performs a Force push , while Stormtroopers mill about him in amid a fiery background . We then appear to get a glimpse of what has become of the Empire - a squadron on the new look Stormtroopers form rank in a snow-covered location beneath a new black and red insignia reminiscent of the old Imperial one , surrounded by gun batteries and parked TIE fighters , while a sole figue can be seen on a stage way in the background . Immediately we get to see the new look TIE fighters in action as a pair fly in formation above the sand , before a base filled with the former Imperial troops and falls under attack . Helping hand : This appears to be the moment Finn and Rey meet - as both actors confirmed in the q & a they become allies in the film . Bucket of bolts : Fans got to see the Millennium Falcon in action once again , as it is pursued by two TIE Fighters . Executor ? The ship is chased into the inverted ruins of a Super Star Destroyer , which also appears to have crashed on the desert planet . One of the TIE fighters seems to attack its own base , suggesting it was commandeered by whomever the troops are fighting against . As the explosions rock the base we see one Stormtrooper remove his helmet to reveal John Boyega , a plot point fans were aware of having spotted him in the uniform in the fist teaser trailer back in November . As the trailer continues , more and more evidence of surviving elements of the supposedly toppled Empire are revealed , including at least one operating Star Destroyer , although all the ships seen appear to have been modified or updated in the decades that have past since Return Of The Jedi . I have you now : The TIE fighter pilot fires upon the Millennium Falcon as it chases the ship that once belonged to Han Solo . Homage : This shot is a clear nod the pursuit of the Falcon through the second Death Star at the climax of 1983 's Return Of The Jedi . One of the most intriguing shots was of a new character wearing a black version of Stormtrooper armour , perhaps some sort of elite troop , who wore a cloak over one shoulder similar to fan favourite Boba Fett . This image is followed by one of BB-8 peeking around a corner in thr interior of a ship that is surely the Millennium Falcon . During the q & a session at the fan panel in Anaheim , John and Daisy had confirmed that their characters form an allegiance and the trailer appears to show that moment as Rey stand 's above an exhausted Finn - presumably after fleeing from the Tie fighters - and extends an arm in friendship . In character : The actors in costume for the adventure ; Daisy wore the same style of togs Mark Hamill wore as Luke in the first Star Wars . A new look : Several scenes from The Force Awakens were shared ; this one shows Boyega in his Stormtrooper outfit . The penultimate shot of the trailer shows the Millennium Falcon - whose pilot is as yet unknown - being pursued across Jaku by a pair of TIE fighters , presumably the same ones that were chasing Finn and Rey . They chase the ship , once -LRB- and possibly still -RRB- owned by Han Solo into the belly of an enormous ruined inverted Super Star Destroyer . In one of the teasers many nods to the original films besides , the sequence mirrors the final battle above Endor when the Falcon was flown into the heart of the second Death Star . During the panel , JJ talked about his love of the franchise . ` I was 11 years old when Star Wars come out , ' he said . ` That moment transported me . It was the first time a movie made me laugh that way ... . the film was brilliant and had such heart and the biggest thing for me was that it had such hope . ` Shooting in Abu Dhabi was an incredible thing . Shooting Star Wars is a Western and a fairy tale ... shooting in Abu Dhabi was just that , ' he added . They were generous with their photos : JJ is seen here giving direction to Daisy who was atop a platform . Everyone loves a good creature : The audience cheered when JJ flashed this image where he is working with Chewbacca on set . He is still rolling along : Abrams -LRB- left -RRB- and Kennedy -LRB- right -RRB- with the tech guys who make R2D2 work . A lot of work goes into making a good droid : One of the ` tinkerers ' that had a hand in making the units for the December movie . Walking tall : Also shared was a full-length shot of Oscar in his flight gear that included the standard orange suit . Committed to his move : Abrams explained he liked shooting Episode VII in Abu Dhabi , which subs not for Tatooine but rather another new planet . This robot already has a fan base : BB-8 appeared in the first trailer in November and was an instant hit . A very good pilot : Isaac , seen in his aircraft , said he is sent on a mission by a princess .