A teenager diagnosed with a deadly brain tumour has raised $ 80,000 needed upfront to pay for urgent surgery . Jackson Byrnes , 18 , has flown from Lismore in northern New South Wales to Sydney to be operated on by renowned neurosurgeon Dr Charlie Teo , the only surgeon in Australia willing to perform the risky operation that will likely see Jackson paralysed . For the past week Jackson 's family and friends have been desperately trying to raise $ 80,000 needed to pay the hospital upfront by Tuesday night , so that he can undergo the operation on Wednesday morning . On Monday morning they reached the target on their GoFundMe page , but Jackson 's mother says the family needs an additional $ 45,000 to cover chemotherapy and other hospital fees . Three weeks ago the 18-year-old was told by doctors that he had a stage four brain tumour that was too deep and aggressive to be safely operated on . Jackson Byrnes , 18 , has flown to Sydney for a risky operation to remove the tumour on his brain . For the past week Jackson 's family and friends have been desperately trying to raise $ 80,000 needed to pay the hospital upfront for the risky surgery . Jackson 's girlfriend Jahnae Jackson -LRB- right -RRB- noticed he had developed a lump three weeks ago and prompted him to visit a doctor who requested an MRI . His family refused to accept the dismal diagnosis and took matters into their own hands and found Dr Teo , who said he was willing to perform the operation if the family understood the risks . Jackson 's mother Rhonda Byrnes said Dr Teo explained to her that her son would most likely be paralysed down his left side . ` But he 's already paralysed because the tumour is pressing down on that side of his brain , that 's why we 've just said go for it , ' Ms Byrnes told Daily Mail Australia . ` I ca n't afford not to because I wo n't have my son around if I do n't take these risks . ` Dr Teo is the best brain surgeon in the country , I 've got my son 's life in his hands basically . ' Dr Teo , director of Sydney 's Centre for Minimally Invasive Neurosurgery , said other surgeons were technically able to perform the surgery but he was the only one prepared to do it . ` People think that it 's futile because he 's got a malignant tumour and it 's very aggressive , ' Dr Teo told Daily Mail Australia . ` There 's significant weakness down his left side and they think his quality of life is such that he would n't want to live anyway . ' But Dr Teo said he makes decisions based on what his patients want . ` If a patient really wants it and knows the risks and understands how risky the operation is I 'll usually respect the patient 's wishes , ' he said . The 18-year-old -LRB- pictured left , getting his head shaved -RRB- at a recent fundraising event . Jackson Byrnes was diagnosed with a stage four tumour three weeks ago and needed $ 80,000 for surgery . Jackson 's mother Rhonda Byrnes said she was overwhelmed by the support and money raised by the community on his GoFundMe page , but said the family still needed more . ` He is a lovely boy and he 's only young . ` I said `` You know you 're going to be paralysed '' , I 've told him the worst case scenario . ` He understands that and he wants to live . ' Dr Teo will try to remove 95 per cent of the tumour , which has extended to very sensitive part of the brain . ` If you can buy him time with surgery then the hope is you 're going to get a good response to the chemotherapy and radiotherapy and a significant extension of time , ' he said . ` Even if we could buy him six months of life the hope is we 're going to come up with new treatment in that time . ' Dr Teo said the $ 80,000 payment required for the surgery was standard . Jackson needs $ 80,000 by Tuesday night in order to pay for his surgery upfront , and another $ 45,00 for fees . Renowned neurosurgeon Dr Charlie Teo is the only surgeon in Australia willing to perform the risky operation that will likely see Jackson paralysed . ` I operate at a private hospital and they insist on upfront payment , you ca n't blame them they run it like a business , ' he said . ` I do n't know how much it costs I do n't try and talk about the money side of things . ` But that is the cost of everything and it 's also an insurance for the hospital should he get complications . ' Jackson 's mother Rhonda Byrnes said she was overwhelmed by the support and money raised by the community on his GoFundMe page , but said the family still needed more . ` It 's amazing that we did it in four days , ' Ms Byrnes told Daily Mail Australia . ` But I need more money because $ 80,000 is just for Dr Teo . ` The hospital fees are another $ 45,000 and I have to pay for MRIs and CT scans , all the radiation and chemo treatment . ' Dr Teo will try to remove 95 per cent of the tumour , which has extended to very sensitive part of the brain . Taking to his Facebook fundraising page - Jackson Byrnes Brain Tumor Surgery Fund - friends of Jackson thanked the thousands of people who have made donations to the page . ` Overwhelmed with joy and gratitude , ' the page posted on Monday morning . ` Thank you to everyone that contributed to this and more . Over 12K was also raised in the last week by local community . ' According to the Gold Coast Bulletin , Mr Byrnes ' girlfriend , Jahnae Jackson , noticed he had developed a lump three weeks ago and prompted him to visit a doctor who requested an MRI . He was rushed to the Gold Coast for a biopsy which found a stage four tumour buried deep in the teenager 's brain . Mr Byrnes was told they would not operate due to how deep the cancer was , but instead suggested chemotherapy and radiation treatment . Messages of support and promotion of the cause have flooded social media for the Casino teenager . The donations have been coming in thick and fast since the GoFundMe page was created . Knowing that this was not enough , Mr Byrnes and his family searched for a specialist who would perform the dangerous procedure . They found neurosurgeon Charlie Teo who would operate on Wednesday as long as he received an upfront payment of $ 80,000 by Tuesday evening . The family then turned to social media and crowd sourcing in a desperate plea for donations . ` Most boys his age begin their journey into adulthood with hopes , dreams and anticipation of what lies ahead and excitement of the endless opportunities of what life will bring them , ' Mr Byrne 's fundraising page on GoFundMe reads . ` It is not a time to be enduring a fight for your life . ' Victorian finance , leasing and risk management company Morris Finance have made the largest donation to the cause by pledging $ 2000 . ' #savejackon has reached past the half way mark at $ 40,255 with two days to go , ' a supporter posted on Twitter . In nine days over $ 76,000 was raised for the teen 's surgery . Rooftech Australia , Summerland Credit Union and Alstonville Quality Meats have also donated generous sums for Mr Byrnes . Messages of support have also flooded social media for the Casino teenager . ` Thoughts and prayers going out to you Jackson , stay strong , ' wrote one well wisher on the fundraising page . ` Hoping for the best possible outcome for you ! Hugs from our family to yours ! ' wrote another . The Twitter hashtag #savejackson has also been circulating through the Casino and Lismore area .