Two thousand miles might seem like a long way to go just for fried chicken . But two long-time friends from Canada , who took their two sets of sons on a journey to the original home of Kentucky Fried Chicken in Corbin , Kentucky , said it 's a trip they 'll never forget . The group of six completed the drive in three days crossing two Canadian provinces including Quebec and Ontario , as well as five U.S. states - New York , Pennsylvania , Ohio , Indiana and Kentucky , according to The Times Tribune . For three of the sons , it was the first time they had tasted KFC . Two long-time friends and their four sons traveled from Montreal , Quebec to Corbin , Kentucky to eat at the original home of Kentucky Fried Chicken -LRB- above left to right : Jason Lutfy , Sebastien Lutfy , Neil Janna , Jesse Janna , Josh Janna and Brian Lutfy -RRB- . Brian Lutfy , center , his son , Jason , left , and stepson Sebastien enjoy original Kentucky Fried Chicken at the Harland Sanders Cafe and Museum in Corbin on Saturday . Brian Lufty , 52 , one of the fathers who packed the four sons into a van , made the 34-hour round trip mission for his third time to visit the Harland Sanders Cafe and Museum in Corbin . His tales of earlier visits to the KFC inspired the most recent trip . The group left from Montreal on Thursday and arrived at the restaurant on Saturday afternoon . ` Neil and I have been friends for 35 years , and doing ongoing , crazy things have been special for us . But to bring our sons here with us makes it even more fun , ' Lufty told the Times Tribune . ` We do practical jokes with our kids . We 've done skits that we taped along the way . It 's been a crazy road trip . It 's been at the top of our bucket list . ' He continued : ` I did that first trip 30 years ago , and the second one 20 years ago . Now it 's come full circle . We did fun things with our kids . The important thing about this trip is this -- do n't be afraid to have fun . ' While there are KFC restaurants in the Montreal metropolitan area , known as Poulet Frit Kentucky , Lufty 's son Jason suggested going on a father-son trip to Corbin to visit the KFC . This was after hearing his father 's stories about his previous road trips there . On Saturday morning , Lufty , his sons Jason and Sebastien , his friend Neil Janna , 51 , and his two sons Jesse and Josh , made a stop to visit Colonel Sanders birth place in Henryville , Indiana . Traveling 2,090 miles , crossing over five U.S. states and two Canadian provinces , the group of six spent five days away from home while on the special trip . In total it took three days to drive from Montreal to Kentucky -LRB- a map of their journey above -RRB- . They then traveled to his burial place and Yum ! Brand 's headquarters in Louisville , Kentucky . That afternoon , they arrived at Sanders Cafe in their blue van featuring a bucket of Colonel 's chicken on the roof while wearing their special-made shirts to commemorate the trip . The Canadians were met by the cafe 's general manager Dennis Overbey who told them he could n't recall during his 40 years working there of anyone traveling as far as 2,090 miles to eat at the restaurant . After they ordered their meal of two platters of KFC 's original recipe and extra crispy , they sat down at a table pulling out the items they brought to make the meal a feast : plates , silverware , candles , artificial flowers and glasses . Janna 's son , Jesse , who enjoyed the fried chicken for the first time said it was ` delicious . ' ` It was a great trip . It was funny most of the time , and we anticipated coming here to eat , ' Sebastien told the Times Tribune . ` We stopped at several places , and people participated in our shenanigans , like small skits we did our Facebook page for all our friends and family to see . ' Jason said : ` I think it 's crazy to do this trip , going all the way down from Canada to Corbin . And what a trip it was . It 's my first time to have Kentucky Fried Chicken . I 'd like to start this with my kids . It 's going to be a tradition . ' The group of six visited Colonel Harland Sanders grave -LRB- file photo above -RRB- in Louisville , Kentucky before arriving at the restaurant on Saturday afternoon .