Shane Dunn , 25 , from Tunbridge Wells , stabbed victim Ian Garrod , 55 , in the neck after meeting on the gay dating app Grindr . A drug-fuelled thug calling himself ` Gypsy Lad ' slashed a middle-aged man around the throat with a kitchen knife after meeting him on the gay dating app Grindr . Shane Dunn , 25 , from Tunbridge Wells , Kent , carried out the attack after going back to Ian Garrod 's home in Medway for sex in September last year . But when the 55-year-old sat on the bed , Dunn - who was said to be ` cool as a cucumber ' during the attack - stabbed him in the throat . Dunn , who was high on Class A Mephedrone , then left Mr Garrod in fear of his life , before fleeing from the property with his victim 's wallet , iPhone , iPad and jewellery . The callous attacker even pretended to call an ambulance for his victim , but instead left him for dead with a 6cm-deep wound . He was later caught after police examined two cigarette butts found in Mr Garrod 's garden - both of which had DNA linking to the attacker . Luckily , Mr Garrod 's housemate returned the the property and called an ambulance . The court heard it was only by the skill of a surgeon at Medway Maritime Hospital that the victim 's life was saved . Dunn has now been jailed for 12 years after being found guilty of wounding with intent . He was cleared by a jury of attempted murder . Judge Jeremy Carey told Dunn he had narrowly decided against finding him dangerous , which would have led to an extended sentence . Judge Carey said Dunn was convicted of the wounding charge ` on the clearest evidence ' . He said : ` You asserted you effectively were not the person who stabbed Ian Garrod and the jury found on the evidence you were and you intended to cause him really serious harm . ` It was hardly surprising since you cut his throat to a depth of 6 cm . Only by the skill of a surgeon at Medway Maritime Hospital the flow of the blood was clipped and stemmed . ` Otherwise , you would have been convicted of murder . ' The judge said there were ` inevitable uncertainties ' about what happened that night . He continued : ` I am quite sure you did not attend there with the intention of committing acts of violence . I am quite sure something happened that night that caused you to lose it . Maidstone Crown Court heard how Dunn was caught after police examined two cigarette butts found in Mr Garrod 's garden - both of which had DNA linking to the attacker . ` You say you do n't remember . I do n't know if you do or not . You are not a man prone to extreme violence . ` I think by a combination of a Class A drug you used that night and the revelation of something possibly to do with HIV on the part of Mr Garrod you lost it . ` You got a knife from the block and went upstairs and , cool as a cucumber , you slit his throat . Anyone listening to this must realise how serious this offending is . ` You made your position worse . You pretended to call and ambulance and stole items from him . It was a particularly callous thing to do to a man who lying bleeding towards fatality . ' Judge Carey added : ` I am not going to make any comment about Grindr - about people who are willing to take in others they hardly know and have relations with them when drugs have been smoked . It does n't assist anyone but it is a pretty shocking state of affairs . ' Dunn , who has now been jailed for 12 years over the attack , called himself Gypsy Boy on the dating app . Dunn , who had previously been to Mr Garrod 's home for a sex session , said in evidence he had ` memory blank ' after being injected with Mephedrone . During his evidence he told the court he went to see Mr Garrod because he knew he could get drugs and sex . He said : ` At some point I had a glass of water and a couple of cigarettes . He tied my arm with an elastic thing he had and waited for my vein to come up , and he injected . ` I immediately felt really strange , like I wanted to be sick and like I do n't know what I was doing . ` The last thing I remember him saying to me was : `` Just sit up straight and do n't panic '' . The next thing I remember is waking up in my bed at about 4 pm . I do n't remember how I got home . ' Asked if he caused the wound , he replied : ` I ca n't answer that . ' During his trial at Maidstone Crown Court Deborah Charles , prosecuting said Dunn had pretended to call an ambulance after the attack . She said : ` Mr Garrod felt as if someone had slapped him in the neck . ` He put his hand up to his neck and realised it was covered in blood . He never saw the weapon coming towards him . It happened too quickly . ` He just thought the defendant was leaning towards him , perhaps to kiss him or carry on what they were doing . ` Mr Garrod was begging him to call an ambulance . Mr Dunn pretended to do just that . He pretended to make a call and said an ambulance was coming . ` Mr Garrod was left lying on the bed with a wound that was life threatening . ' At the time of the alleged attack Mr Garrod was living with a friend with whom he had previously been in a relationship . Miss Charles said Mr Garrod had spent the previous night with another man before meeting Dunn on the dating app . When Dunn arrived at his home he was said to have brought a drug with him which they both took . The court heard Mr Garrod regularly used a drug called Tina , a type of crystal meth , for sexual encounters .