Brynn Johnson and Cassie Miller have known each other for some time , but seven months ago they were brought together by a terrible tragedy . Cassie was in her car picking up Brynn 's son for preschool in Tenino , Washington , when she accidentally ran over Brynn 's younger daughter , 17-month-old Rowyn , who was killed . Incredibly though , Brynn forgave Cassie for what happened , acknowledging what happened as a horrific accident . ` It 's a hard thing to accept and a hard thing to swallow to this day , ' Cassie told KOMO News . Scroll down for video . Pulled together by tragedy : Brynn Johnson -LRB- left -RRB- lost her young daughter Rowyn in September last year after Cassie Miller -LRB- right -RRB- accidentally ran over the little girl with her car . The two dealt with the tragedy together . Tragic : Rowyn was only 17-months-old when she was killed instantly in the driveway of her home in Tenino , Washington , in September last year , by one of her mother 's friends . ` I mean , I struggle every day . ' Brynn then added : ` And both of us blame ourselves . ' ` I think more so than blaming the other person we blame ourselves . ' The women helped each other get through the tragedy , which occurred on September 16 last year . In order to deal with their grief , they started a charity initiative called Raise for Rowyn , which raises money for families who have experienced child tragedies . I really feel a lot of the time I 'm just living for her and doing her work , ' Cassie told KOMO . ` And I do want to make her proud . ' Brynn added : ` Her and God have this plan and we 're helping all of these families for them . ' The women even planted a memorial garden at Brynn 's home to honor Rowyn and the place she died . Memorial : The women planted a garden in memory of Rowyn and have also started a charity to help other families who have experienced a similar type of grief . R.I.P. : The women say they believe they were meant to help others following the death of Rowyn . Brynn -LRB- left -RRB- is pictured here with Rowyn as a baby and her older young , while Cassie -LRB- right -RRB- is also pictured Rowyn , not too long before her death last year . On the Raise for Rowyn website , Brynn explained what happened to her little on that fateful day last September . Her and Cassie 's sons had just started preschool together . ` We were working to get the boys loaded in the car when little 17-month-old Rowyn climbed backwards down the front porch steps in her baby blue pajamas to come see us , ' the site noted . ` Her big brother did not want to go to school that day and he was crying . ` Having known one another for quite some time and our kids being in daycare together , we decided to just shut the car door and go anyway , knowing his tears would be short lived . ` We waved one last time , and the car slowly pulled forward . ` Somehow in a matter of seconds Rowyn was not where we thought she was . ` Paramedics say that Rowyn was killed instantly , and despite our desperate attempts to save her life there was nothing we could have done . ` The tragedy of September 16th has left holes and emptiness in many hearts . ` There is nothing we can do to rewind the day , but we hope to honor her memory with Raise for Rowyn . ' Making a difference : The two women now run a charity called Raise for Rowyn and held their first fundraiser this month in Washington . Another is set for August . Coming together : Brynn and Cassie say they think about Rowyn every day , and hope their charity will help others get through their own personal tragedies . Raise for Rowyn had a fundraiser in April 18 and there is another one scheduled for August . The initiative has already raised enough to help three families struck by tragedy .