Raheem Sterling was told in no uncertain terms by Liverpool supporters that they expect him to remain at the club this summer on the day he was parading the club 's new home kit at Anfield . The new gingham design , presented to supporters at Anfield on Friday , is the first offering from US sports brand New Balance , who struck a record-breaking £ 300million four-year kit deal to replace sister company Warrior as Liverpool 's suppliers . The message was ` Hold Nothing Back ' as Sterling , Daniel Sturridge , Martin Skrtel and Simon Mignolet unveiled the new home strip to fans in the Centenary Stand on Friday afternoon . Raheem Sterling -LRB- 2nd r -RRB- models Liverpool 's new kit alongside -LRB- l-r -RRB- Adam Lallana , Daniel Sturridge , Jordan Henderson and Philippe Coutinho . The Liverpool stars , including goalkeeper Simon Mignolet in his new jersey , made their way to Anfield to present the kit to the fans . Sturridge uploaded these photographs to his Instagram account as he posed with Sterling , Mignolet and Skrtel at the launch . New Balance struck a record-breaking £ 300million four-year kit deal to replace sister company Warrior as Liverpool 's suppliers . It looks like -LRB- l-r -RRB- Skrtel , Mignolet , Sterling and Sturridge will all remain at Liverpool this season after unveiling in the new strip . Fans pack into the Centenary Stand on Friday afternoon to catch a glimpse of the New Balance strip . Raheem Sterling -LRB- left -RRB- and Daniel Sturridge -LRB- right -RRB- sit on stage while a q & a is conducted at Anfield . The players arrive at Anfield as they prepare for the launch of the 2015/16 strip . Only a week ago , Sterling held nothing back with his stunning interview after rejecting a new £ 100,000-a-week deal at Liverpool . He also sensationally revealed that he was flattered to be linked with Arsenal to cast a huge question mark over his future . But Liverpool are adamant that the 20-year-old , who has two years left to run on his contract , will not be quitting this summer and are putting their shirt on him to stay . One fan shouted ` make sure we see you in that next season ' at Sterling , and the heckle was greeted with applause . Sterling told an expectant audience : ` The fans are great . It 's a massive boost when you come out of the changing room and hear them sing that song . You ca n't get better than that . While players also turned their attention to the FA Cup semi-final against Aston Villa at Wembley next weekend . ` It 's special to play at Wembley , especially because it 's my home town , ' Sterling said . And Sturridge added : ` Winning the FA Cup would be huge for everyone - players , fans and staff . We all want to have some success and we hope it 's this season . Winning the Cup could be a platform for more success in the future . ` It 's great to play in front of these fans . It 's an unbelievable feeling . It 's a cliche but it 's true , they are our 12th man . every week we try to get 3 points for the fans . they mean a lot to us . ' -LRB- l-r -RRB- Sturridge , Emre Can , Martin Skrtel , Simon Mignolet and Coutinho pose with ` Hold Nothing Back ' the message in the background . The memorial flame and number 96 is also on the shirt in tribute to the casualties at the Hillsborough disaster in 1989 . Liverpool 's 2015/16 home kit -LRB- left -RRB- and the home goalkeepers jersey -LRB- right -RRB- have been designed by sponsors New Balance . A close-up of the new Liverpool kit for 2015/16 , which is US Sports brand New Balance 's first for the club . Liverpool legends Robbie Fowler and Ian Rush -LRB- left -RRB- were also at the launch of the kit at Anfield . Sterling is seen here wearing the new kit inside the club 's home dressing room alongside team-mates Sturridge , Henderson , Adam Lallana and Phillipe Coutinho . Brazilian Coutinho was the hero in midweek as he helped Brendan Rodgers ' side bounce back from last weekend 's bruising Barclays Premier League defeat by Arsenal with a fine finish to book Liverpool a semi-final showdown with Aston Villa at Wembley next Sunday . Although departing captain Steven Gerrard wo n't be around to model Liverpool 's new kit next season , his dream of bowing out in the FA Cup Final on his birthday , May 31 , remains alive . The new shirt features all white branding -- the New Balance logo , the Liverbird and the Standard Chartered logo , whilst there is an all-new style of collar . Skrtel said : ` It 's a great design , I just hope it will bring us some luck and success . ' The full home kit which Brendan Rodgers ' players will be wearing at Liverpool during the 2015/16 season . Raheem Sterling told the BBC that he had rejected a £ 100,000-a-week contract at Liverpool prompting talk that he could leave the club .