Lewis Hamilton has described his champagne-spraying of a grid girl after the Chinese Grand Prix , which has drawn widespread criticism , as ` a fun thing ' . One of the fundamental acts of Formula One has been brought into sharp focus over the past few days following Hamilton 's win in Shanghai . In a typical moment of exuberance that comes with a victory for any driver , and following the playing of the national anthems , Hamilton grabbed his bottle of bubbly and for a fleeting moment turned it on grid girl Liu Siying . Lewis Hamilton says his champagne-spraying of a grid girl after the Chinese Grand Prix was ` a fun thing ' F1 championship leader Hamilton walks in the paddock ahead of the 2015 Bahrain Formula One Grand Prix . Mercedes AMG Petronas 's Hamilton -LRB- left -RRB- shares a laugh with Red Bull 's Daniel Ricciardo . Hamilton says he was just acting on his excitement after winning the Chinese Grand Prix . The pictures that followed appeared to show the Shanghai Institute of Visual Art graduate grimacing as the champagne hit the side of her head . The incident drew condemnation from Object , a campaign group against sexism , which condemned Hamilton 's behaviour as ` selfish and inconsiderate ' , and called on him to apologise . Siying , however , has since defended Hamilton , remarking to the Shanghai Daily : ` It lasted for only one or two seconds , and I did not think too much about it at all . ' She added : ` I think some foreign media are more sensitive about the topic compared to local media . ` I was just told by my employer to stand on the podium , and that 's what I did . ' Asked on Thursday about the matter ahead of this weekend 's race in Bahrain , Hamilton was relieved to hear Siying 's comments . Hostess Liu Siying appears to grimace as she 's sprayed with the winners champagne in Shanghai . Siying says ` I did not think too much about it at all ' after the Brit driver was criticised by an anti-sexism group . Siying laughs during the incident which she says the foreign media have been more sensitive about . Hamilton gets his own back from team-mate and rival Nico Rosberg after the pair finished one-two in China . The world champion said : ` I had n't really heard too much about it until today . ` Obviously when you arrive -LRB- at the circuit -RRB- you get a debrief as to what has happened during the week , so fortunately for me it has not overshadowed my week . ` Ultimately it was a great weekend , and generally my actions are through excitement . ` This is Formula One - the pinnacle of motor sport - and I 'd just won a grand prix for the team . ` You should see it was a kind of a fun thing . I would never ever intend to disrespect or try to embarrass someone like that . ` I do n't really know the reasons why people have brought these things up . ` This is a sport so many people love , and the more we show character and fun it reflects how great this sport is , and that 's what I try to do . ` It has n't affected me , and it 's nice to know the lady kind of wrote in . If she had wrote in and said she was really unhappy then perhaps I would be more concerned . '