Brendan Rodgers admitted Liverpool 's big-game mentality must improve after his hopes of winning the FA Cup were left in tatters . The Liverpool manager had no complaints about their 2-1 defeat by Aston Villa -- their first loss in an FA Cup semi-final since 1990 -- and accepted his side have to do better in the most important games . Since beating Manchester City on April 13 last year when they were in the thick of the title race , Liverpool 's record in must-win games has been lamentable . Aston Villa captain Fabian Delph shoots past Liverpool goalkeeper Simon Mignolet to put his side in the lead . Aston Villa players chase goalscorer Delph after the England midfielder made it 2-1 with 36 minutes to play . Even though they took the lead with a well-worked goal by Philippe Coutinho -LRB- right -RRB- in the 30th minute , Liverpool never gave the impression they would give Steven Gerrard a dream date in the final on his 35th birthday and their lame performance left Rodgers shattered . He said : ` We 've come up short in a few games , that 's something we 'd certainly need to improve . But I think all these experiences will make them better . ` We 're a team that 's grown and changed quite a bit in the summer . ` We 're obviously bitterly disappointed , more with the performance . I thought we were second best , to be honest . We had some chances but Aston Villa were better than us . Liverpool playmaker Philippe Coutinho is mobbed by his team-mates after opening the scoring . Coutinho lifts his shirt after putting Brendan Rodgers ' side in the lead following a fine run and finish . Coutinho spreads his arms out wide after scoring his seventh goal of the campaign . ` In a semi-final , in a one-off game you do n't have a second chance and I know the players well enough to gauge whether we are getting the flow of our game and we were n't . ` You 've got to give credit to Aston Villa , but I always look at my own team ; that movement and sharpness was missing . ' Manchester City heaped more misery on Liverpool -- their 2-0 win over West Ham damages the Reds ' chances of finishing in the top four . Belgium international Christian Benteke is congratulated by Aston Villa team-mate Delph after his goal . Benteke leaps in the air after levelling the scoreline at Wembley Stadium by hitting the back of the net . Rodgers , whose side have a game in hand , conceded that it will be a tall order but made it clear they have a duty to approach their final six fixtures with professionalism . ` There 's an obligation here to fight till the very end , ' Rodgers added . ` We 've come close now in two competitions but failed to make the steps . Steven Gerrard almost snatched a dramatic equaliser with four minutes left , but his header was cleared . Rodgers shouts instructions at his players , but to no avail as Liverpool slump to defeat at Wembley . ` There will be disappointment over the next few days but we now have to get ready for our next league game . ` This last block of games it 's more the performance level has n't been what we would like . ` We need to have the courage and bravery to play better in the big games . ` We looked as if the occasion and the energy got to us a wee bit . But that 's what can happen sometimes . ' Rodgers is the first Liverpool manager since 1956-1959 not to win a trophy in his first three seasons . Liverpool captain Gerrard sinks to his knees after seeing his side fall to a 2-1 defeat at Wembley Stadium . Gerrard leaves the pitch following his side 's 2-1 FA Cup semi-final defeat by Villa .