Menacing : An immigrant holds his machete to his face as gangs clashed with police following the outbreak of violence in South Africa . Police battled to contain a wave of violence in South Africa last night as gangs of migrants armed themselves with machetes to fight off anti-foreigner attacks by locals . Five people have died since vigilantes started looting and attacking shops owned by immigrants , mainly from other parts of Africa . Police fired stun grenades and rubber bullets as immigrant gangs confronted the vigilantes , and last night in parts of Johannesburg officers formed a human barrier to keep the two sides apart . More than 200 immigrants had to take refuge in a police station and dozens of businesses were closed when trouble spread just a day after a rally against xenophobia in Durban . Immigrants have complained about a lack of protection from the authorities and some have started arming themselves to fight back . Eyewitnesses have claimed that the vigilante violence is carefully orchestrated and that minibuses have been ferrying men armed with knives and machetes around suburbs . In the past two weeks , shops and homes owned by Somalis , Ethiopians , Malawians and other migrants have been targeted , forcing more than 2,000 to flee to camps protected by armed guards . In Johannesburg , Malawian immigrant Samuel Idrssa described how his friend was stabbed and set on fire by a mob . ` We wanted to rescue him but there were too many of them , ' he said . ` It was shocking . ' He added : ` We have all left our homes . Those affected are those of us who live in poor townships because we live with poor South Africans who do not have jobs . ' So far , five people are believed to have been killed in the violent protests which started two weeks ago in Durban , a key port on South Africa 's Indian Ocean coast , spreading to Johannesburg . Violence flared days after Zulu King Goodwill Zwelithini said in remarks reported by local media that foreigners should ` take their bags and go ' . In a recorded speech sent to a local broadcaster , he said : ` We must deal with our own lice ' and complained about foreign-owned shops . He has since said his comments were misinterpreted . Addressing parliament in Cape Town on Thursday , President Zuma reiterated his condemnation of the violence , calling it a ` violation ' of South Africa 's values . ` No amount of frustration or anger can ever justify the attacks on foreign nationals and the looting of their shops , ' he said . ` We condemn the violence in the strongest possible terms . The attacks violate all the values that South Africa embodies . ' Scroll down for video . Fighting back : Immigrants carrying machetes have clashed with police in a search for locals that attacked foreign shop owners in Durban . On the move : Police officers fire rubber bullets as they disperse the gangs of African immigrants who have fought back in South Africa . Armed : An African immigrant , in a jumper and tracksuit bottoms , firmly grips a machete as violence continued to flare in South Africa . Danger : A man in an Adidas tracksuit armed with an axe charges at a photographer in Johannesburg , cheered on by a crowd behind him . He also said the government was taking steps to secure its porous borders and making progress in setting up a Border Management Agency , announced last year and scheduled to be up and running in 2016 . The ruling African National Congress party has condemned the attacks as ` shameful ' and branded them ` criminal acts against vulnerable people ' . The US ambassador to South Africa , born in Zaire - now the Democratic Republic of the Congo - to Haitian parents , spoke in defence of the immigrants . ` As an immigrant to my own country , my heart goes out to those who have been attacked for being different , ' Patrick H. Gaspard said . The Desmond and Leah Tutu Legacy Foundation , which campaigns for peace , warned : ` The fabric of the nation is splitting at the seams ; its precious nucleus -- our moral core -- is being ruptured . ' Gang : A group of immigrants brandishing machetes in a run-down area of Johannesburg prepare to defend themselves against the police . Unrest : The xenophobic violence that started in Durban two weeks ago has spread this week to Johannesburg and other areas of the country . Mob : South African hostel dwellers , some brandishing sticks in an aggressive manner , stage a demonstration against foreigners . Intimidation : A man holding a wooden stick and a shield stands outside a hostel during anti-immigration related violence in Johannesburg . Attacks : A gang of local men dressed in civilian clothing demonstrate against foreigners , with one whirling an axe in his right hand . On the run : A woman in a hat dashes off , flanked by other locals , after trying to rob a foreign motorist in Johannesburg . Smoke : A woman covered in soot gestures and shouts towards foreign nationals in the Jeppestown area of Johannesburg yesterday . Chaos : Men from the Jeppie Hostles roll over a torched car in the middle of the street in Jeppestown , Johannesburg . Divisions : A man with a hammer retrieves metal scraps from a burnt-out vehicle after foreign nationals torched a car in the early hours . Aftermath : A man carries an axe as he walks past a burnt out car in Jeppestown after more unrest in the early hours of yesterday morning . Weapon : A man clutches a brick in his left hand as the violence escalates across South Africa - five dead have already died . In the past two weeks , foreign nationals living near Johannesburg had to remove items from their shops and shut up their stores because of fears they could be targeted by protesters . They fled after a mobile phone text message was apparently sent to shop owners , warning them to shut their premises , claiming that ` Zulu people are coming to town ... to kill every foreigner on the road ' . Angry South Africans accuse immigrants of taking jobs in a country where unemployment and poverty levels are high - the official figure is 25 per cent but economists say , in reality , it is much higher . Victim : Carol Lloyd was left injured and covered in blood after rocks were thrown at and shattered her car window following immigrant protests near Johannesburg in South Africa . Armed : South African police were called in to help foreign nationals as violent protests spread to Johannesburg , threatening more killings . People run for cover from a stun grenade and tear gas after a skirmish between locals and foreign nationals in Durban , South Africa . A group of foreign nationals threaten to defend themselves as police get between them and South Africans after a peace march in Durban . In Actonville , South African men were seen singing , armed with clubs and pieces of wood , as they called for foreign shop owners to leave . Police responded to the violence in South Africa by firing tear gas grenades as they began to enter men 's hostels to search for weapons . South Africa has a population of about 50 million , but an estimated five million immigrants and its high jobless rate , widespread poverty and glaring income disparities make it a ripe candidate for outbreaks of anti-immigrant violence . Johannesburg was the epicentre of the 2008 xenophobic attacks that killed more than 60 people and saw violence spread through the area . The governments of Malawi and Zimbabwe have begun efforts to repatriate citizens affected by the attacks . Police entered hostels in Actonville in Johannesburg looking for weapons and are seen holding suspects at gunpoint . A man is searched by a police officer for weapons as fear intensifies in Johannesburg over the violence towards foreign nationals . The violence in South Africa has been condemned by leaders and officials as more foreigners are being forced to leave their stores and homes . Riot police , armed with guns , ammunition and wearing helmets have been clashing with protesters as they try to ensure safety . A child looks out from inside a deserted store in Germiston , near Johannesburg after the immigrant owner removed his goods and left in fear of attack from local residents . Foreign nationals have been seen loading trucks with their goods as they flee Primrose , near Johannesburg to escape the violence . Shop owners fearing for their lives have been seen emptying their stores while armed police officers stand guard to protect them . Hundreds of people took part in a peace march after anti-immigrant violence flared in Durban . Meanwhile , foreigners fled their homes . Peace : Thousands of people took part in a peace march , calling for an end to the violence against immigrants in South Africa . A woman holds a poster while taking part in a peace march in Durban yesterday as the president calls for an end to the xenophobic violence . A peace march against xenophobia took place in Durban yesterday as foreigners fled their homes and businesses in fear . Police have repeatedly clashed with protesters who are threatening violence , looting stores and setting fires in KwaMashu and Umlazi . Fleeing : Foreign nationals loaded up trucks with their belongings and made their way out of Johannesburg , fearing more attacks . Shelves have been left bare in one shop in the village of Primrose near Johannesburg after foreigners fled their homes and businesses . A man carries bottles of drink that had been on sale in a store after foreign nationals decided to flee Primrose , fearing for their lives . Two men are pictured carrying a refrigerator as foreigners flee their homes and businesses as protesters make them fear for their lives . A child joins a queue at a shelter for displaced foreigners near Johannesburg after overnight attacks between locals and immigrants . Refuge : Earlier this week foreign nationals , who were forced out of their homes , took refuge at camps in Isipingo in south Durban . Handouts : The foreigners , including children , were provided with food by the local community after they were threatened with violence . Fear spread throughout South Africa after people received text messages warning them they would be attacked or killed if they stayed . Mobs have been seen marching through the streets shouting as they call for foreign nationals to leave and clash with police officers .