Security researchers have discovered a way to intercept a person 's fingerprints on a Samsung Galaxy S5 running Android 4.4 and older . Fingerprint scanners are often touted as the future of security and an alternative to the notoriously flawed password . But experts have discovered they may not be as secure as first thought after a number of Android devices , including Samsung 's Galaxy S5 , were said to be potentially ` leaking ' fingerprints . The security researchers have found a way to intercept a person 's biometric data after it is captured by a built-in scanner , but before it becomes encrypted . Tao Wei and Yulong Zhang from security firm FireEye are expected to discuss their findings at this week 's RSA conference in San Francisco . The pair told Thomas Fox-Brewster from Forbes that the flaw lies in older versions of the Android operating system , up to and including Android 4.4 . Subsequently , anyone running Android 5.0 or above are not at risk and the security experts are advising people on older models to update as soon as possible . The vulnerability means that a hacker can access the kernel , or core , of the Android operating system . Once inside they can monitor all data sent to and from the phone , as well as data recorded by the handset 's built-in sensors , including the fingerprint scanner . Typically , when a fingerprint is scanned it is encrypted and separated from the rest of the device in a secure folder . Hackers ca n't get access to this folder even with access to the kernel , but they can collect scans immediately from the fingerprint sensor before they reach this folder . In addition to using these fingerprints to access the phone , for example , they can be used to make payments with PayPal . Scroll down for video . The flaw means that once a hacker has access they can monitor data recorded by built-in sensors , including the fingerprint scanner . When a fingerprint is scanned it is encrypted . Hackers typically ca n't access this encrypted file , but the flaw allows them to collect scans from the sensor before being encrypted . During tests , Mr Wei and Mr Zhang confirmed the flaw was present on Samsung Galaxy S5 . They have not yet tested it on other Android smartphones with built-in fingerprint scanners , including the Galaxy Note 4 , Note Edge and Huawei Ascend Mate 7 . However , they believe the problem to be ` more widespread ' than the Galaxy S5 and are planning to put this to the test . FireEye 's research is n't the first time the Samsung Galaxy S5 's scanner has been exposed as vulnerable . In April last year a group of German hackers managed to spoof the scanner using a dummy print . Apple 's TouchID is n't without flaws either . It took hackers just two days and a small collection of everyday household items to bypass the fingerprint sensor on an Apple iPhone 5S following its launch in 2013 . Chaos Computer Club , based in Berlin , took a high-resolution photograph of a fingerprint from the side of a glass . They then scanned it , before laser printing it onto a transparent sheet and covering it in woodglue . Once the glue had dried , they peeled off the print copy and pressed it on the scanner . Mr Wei and Mr Zhang said they have alerted Samsung to the issue but not received an update . Samsung told MailOnline ` it takes consumer privacy and data security very seriously ' and is currently investigating FireEye 's claims . Security expert Graham Cluely said : ` It 's worth remembering that fingerprints are not secrets . ` Relying on your fingerprints to secure a device may be okay for casual security - but you should n't depend upon it if you have sensitive data you wish to protect . ' This is n't the first time Samsung 's S5 scanner has been exposed as vulnerable . In April last year a group of German hackers managed to spoof the scanner using a dummy print . This situation is made worse by the fact that once a password has been initially used to access PayPal and Samsung phones , the fingerprint can be continually used for access without re-entering the password - even if the phone is rebooted . Alternatively , on Apple phones a password is required following every reboot . That does n't mean that Apple 's TouchID scanner is without flaws . It took hackers just two days and a small collection of everyday household items to bypass the fingerprint sensor on an Apple iPhone 5S following its launch in 2013 . Apple 's TouchID is n't without flaws either . It took hackers just two days and a small collection of everyday household items to bypass the fingerprint sensor -LRB- shown -RRB- on an Apple iPhone 5S following its launch in 2013 . Chaos Computer Club , based in Berlin , took a high-resolution photograph of a fingerprint from the side of a glass . They then scanned it , before laser printing it onto a transparent sheet and covering it in woodglue . Once the glue had dried , they peeled off the print copy and pressed it on the scanner . Stephen Ebbett , global director of gadget insurer Protect Your Bubble told MailOnline : ` This underpins the importance of security research . ` There 's no room for flaws in fingerprint ID systems now that mobile payments are becoming commonplace . In a survey we carried out , almost a third -LRB- 31 per cent -RRB- of UK mobile users told us they want to wait until mobile payment technology is more advanced before trying it themselves and , with a step back like this , it may take even more time to assuage consumer fears over security and fraud . ' Matt White , senior manager in KPMG 's cyber security practice added : ` Replacing passwords with biometric alternatives such as fingerprints provides better security , however it does n't completely eliminate the risk posed by cyber criminals . ` The largest hurdle with biometrics going forward will be the establishment of consumer trust . A fingerprint was photographed using 2400 dpi resolution . The image was inverted and laser printed onto a transparent sheet with a thick toner setting . Hackers then poured woodglue onto the print pattern , pictured top . After it dried , the sheet was lifted and pressed onto the sensor , pictured bottom , to unlock the phone . ` Trying to convince the average person to implant a piece of technology to increase security of their perceived already secure account is a battle unlikely to be won . ' And Andy Kemshall , co-founder and technical director at SecurEnvoy said : ` Biometric authentication is not yet near the level it needs to be for the majority of consumer facing organisations to implement it in their products . ` Fingerprint scanning , eyeball scanning , voice and face recognition are all at least a decade away from being reliable enough to use as authentication methods . ` The technology simply is n't sophisticated enough .