The BBC has been slammed for making a computer game simulating the terrifying ordeal Syrian refugees face as they try to flee their war-torn country . Players of the online game are tasked with escaping Syria - which has been ravaged by civil war and the rise of ISIS - and making it into Europe . The Syrian Journey game , which is available on the BBC website , often leads to players dying and was criticised by experts for turning the suffering of millions into a ` children 's game ' . The BBC 's online game , Syrian Journey , often ends with refugees drowning in the Mediterranean or being sold to militia . The BBC has been slammed for making a computer game simulating the terrifying ordeal Syrian refugees face as they try to flee their war-torn country . Players choose a male or female character before attempting to flee Syria , either via Turkey or Egypt , as they make difficult decisions about whether to travel by land or sea . Grim outcomes include being separated from your family by human traffickers , women being sold between militia groups , and refugees being beaten over the head and hurled into the Mediterranean from packed migrant ships . Middle East expert Chris Walker told The Sun : ` In the midst of probably the bloodiest Syrian crisis this century , the decision of the BBC to transform the human suffering of literally millions into a children 's game beggars belief . ' Twitter users reacted furiously to the game , which appeared on the BBC site last Wednesday . One wrote : ` The BBC news page has an interactive journey on the decisions you make as a Syrian migrant trying to flee the country ... sickening . ' Another user , Matt Sterling , said : ` WTF is this from the BBC , interactive game about escaping from Syria . Such bad taste . ' Players of the online game are tasked with escaping Syria - which has been ravaged by civil war and the rise of ISIS - and making it into Europe . Grim outcomes include refugees being beaten over the head and hurled into the Mediterranean from packed migrant ships . Millions have fled Syria to escape the violence , seeking shelter in overflowing refugee camps in bordering countries as well as making perilous journeys to Europe by land and sea . James Burke wrote : ` Unsure if decision based `` game '' is April Fool or not . ' The Syrian conflict has led to the deaths of up to 300,000 people since it began more than four years ago . Millions have fled to escape the violence , seeking shelter in overflowing refugee camps in bordering countries as well as making perilous journeys to the safety of Europe by land and sea . The game could have cost as much as £ 20,000 , but the BBC insist it was made in-house . A spokesman for the corporation said : ` It shows audiences the choices faced by thousands of Syrian families every day . The project has achieved over a million online hits a week . '