A Massachusetts boy who received more than 150,000 letters and packages after requesting ` a box of cards ' for his sixth birthday has died after his battle with a rare brain tumor . Danny Nickerson , six , who loved to receive mail , was diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumor in October 2013 . Last July , his birthday request for cards with his name on them went viral . He received mail from around the world and got more mail in one day than the rest of the town combined , according to Fox News . On Friday night , his mother Carley Nickerson shared on a Facebook page , Danny 's Warriors , that her ` precious sweet boy earned his angel wings ' after a ` courageous 18 month battle ' . Danny Nickerson -LRB- left -RRB- , 6 , of Massachusetts died of an inoperable brain tumor after a ` courageous 18-month battle ' Last July , his request for a ` box of cards ' for his sixth birthday went viral and he received more than 150,000 cards from around the world -LRB- above Nickerson last summer with the mail he received -RRB- . ` Our lord came and carried his body to heaven , ' she wrote on April 24 . ` His body was so tired of fighting . ` He is now cancer free and running and playing and laughing with God and all of the other precious children . ` Prayers are needed for all of us right now . Please surround us in your prayers . ' On Friday night , his mother , Carley Nickerson -LRB- pictured above with him -RRB- , wrote that her ` precious sweet boy earned his angel wings ' Nickerson was diagnosed with Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glimoma -LRB- DIPG -RRB- in October 2013 and fought through 33 radiation treatments . According to ABC News , doctors said that less than ten per cent of children with the disease , called Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glimoma , live longer than 18 months . Nickerson was first diagnosed with the DIPG after he complained about having double vision . Over the course of four days , he saw multiple doctors before finally getting an MRI . ` After the MRI , we were taken into a small room and given the worst news we have ever heard , ' Mrs Nickerson said when she learned of his diagnosis . ` Our lives fell apart , my heart felt like it exploded . There were no words to explain the pain that instantly hit my chest . ' For his sixth birthday last July , he requested a ` box of cards ' and received an overwhelming number in the mail after his mother asked people on Facebook to send her son a birthday card . On a Facebook page , Danny 's Warriors , Mrs Nickerson wrote of her son 's passing : ` He is now cancer free and running and playing and laughing with God and all of the other precious children ' After Mrs Nickerson took to Facebook asking people to send her son a birthday card , they were ` shocked and overwhelmed ' by the amount of mail they received . To get all of the the mail to his home , it took four trucks and a U-Haul . He received cards from around the world and got more mail in one day than the rest of the town combined . When his family received all of the cards , Mrs Nickerson said they were ` shocked and speechless ' , and that the cards included ` a picture of a fat cat on it and another with a cat blowing out candles ' which made her son laugh . To get the mail to his Foxboro home , it took four trucks and a U-Haul , according to myfoxboston.com . Last summer , Nickerson was also met by police officers from around the state and members of the New England Patriots at Gillette Stadium to celebrate his sixth birthday , according to CBS Boston . On a You Caring page for Nickerson , his mother wrote that he has fought through 33 radiation treatments and two clinical trials which consisted of chemotherapy . The page also said Nickerson enjoyed playing with his brother , Matthew , and enjoyed anything that made him laugh . A mass will be held on Wednesday to celebrate his life at St. Mary 's Church in Wrentham on Wednesday at 11 am .