Joe Anderson , 56 , the Mayor of Liverpool , claimed £ 4,500 per year from Chesterfield High School , Merseyside , despite doing nothing for pupils . A Labour mayor who campaigned against austerity while being paid an £ 80,000 salary took £ 4,500 per year from a school where he previously worked , despite doing nothing for pupils . Joe Anderson , 56 , the Mayor of Liverpool , attempted to justify the payments by saying he provided the school with ` kudos ' for being linked to him . And when Chesterfield High School in Crosby , Merseyside , stopped the payments in 2011 , he attempted to sue them , claiming discrimination because of his ` philosophical belief ' in public service . The details of the case , published in The Times , came after Mr Anderson rejected an employment tribunal ruling against him and took his case to appeal , which was also rejected . In the most recent case , Judge Daniel Serota ruled that outsiders would consider the payments a ` misapplication of public monies ' and that the school was right to stop them . He added that he had repeatedly asked Mr Anderson 's lawyers to state what benefits the school got in return for their cash . He said : ` The only answer that I received was that it gave ` kudos ' to the school . ' Mr Anderson had been a senior learning mentor at the school from 2001 , when he was already a Liverpool councillor . He eventually rose through the ranks to become full-time leader of the council in 2010 , effectively stopping his role as a mentor , but he continued taking payments from his former employer . When the school became an academy in 2011 , and therefore had greater freedom over its finances , it ceased paying Mr Anderson , leading to his discrimination claim . Mr Anderson , who is paid an £ 80,000 salary , tried to sue the school -LRB- pictured -RRB- for discrimination after it stopped the payments , saying he was being punished for a ` philosophical belief ' in public service . Mr Anderson said that his claim was no about getting more money , but about protecting his lucrative public sector pension pot . A tribunal ruled that Mr Anderson was unfairly dismissed , but that it was ' 100 per cent likely ' the school would have sacked him following a consultation , so he was not entitled to compensation . It also ruled that , while Mr Anderson 's belief in public service is a protected status , he had not been discriminated against .