A bruising training session involving 50 scrums is how Tom Wood 's Northampton prepared for Saturday 's top-of-the-table meeting with Saracens . The Champions have creaked in recent weeks and England flanker Wood , who claims Saints ' opponents have ` smelt blood ' , is desperate to re-gather the momentum that was lost following the exodus of key international players during the RBS 6 Nations . Defeats by Clermont and Exeter have done little to restore confidence but the East Midlands side are ready to address their mini-slump and breathe life back into the title push . Northampton flanker Tom Wood is keen for his side to regain their form following some recent poor results . The Saints were dumped out of the Champions Cup quarter-finals as Clermont ran riot on their home turf . ` I do n't think anyone intentionally switches off , but the intensity of a Six Nations camp like that is very difficult to manage , ' said Wood . ` Some people think you 're away at a five-star holiday resort but the pressure is real . It 's a couple of per cent across the board . ` You might win it and be partying or you might have lost and come back with a lack of confidence . Then the guys who have stayed back in the trenches for Saints feel like the cavalry have arrived . In fact , the guys coming back are equally tired or even more so . It 's a combination of things and it 's difficult to manage . ` Now there 's light at the end of the tunnel and we 're not far off full strength . It 's the home straight . ' Saturday 's showpiece fixture will be staged at stadiummk , rather than Franklin 's Gardens , and a record attendance is expected at the home of MK Dons . Northampton 's scrummaging pride was dented in the defeat by Exeter and , according to Wood , the players have paid the price with gruelling fitness sessions . ` We 've had to speak a few hard truths and take a good look at ourselves , ' said Wood . ` Teams have smelt blood a little bit . The last couple of teams have really got into us and pressured us at the scrum , which is something we pride ourselves on . ` When you give them an in , the fear factor goes all of a sudden and the reputation can dwindle quickly . We 've got to plug that hole if we really want to be title challengers . You do n't win a Premiership without a strong scrum and set piece . Jim Mallinder 's side have been boosted by the return of England lock Courtney Lawes . ` We 've definitely been knocked off our rhythm but I do n't think we 've played well for a long time . Winning can paper over a lot of problems and mask a lot of issues . ' But Saints ' season is still very much alive . They will almost guarantee a home play-off with victory while , in contrast , Harlequins campaign will be over if they lose to Sale . The west London club also felt the squeeze of the Six Nations and they must win at the AJ Bell Stadium to keep alive their slim hopes of Champions Cup qualification . Harlequins full back Ugo Monye -LRB- centre -RRB- is hanging up his boots at the end of the season . For winger Ugo Monye , who lines up against Mark Cueto this afternoon as both players prepare to hang up their boots , it is the last chance to leave his childhood club with European rugby . ` I 'm not going to be here next season but I want to finish in the best possible way , ' said Monye . ` It 's hard to get your head around 14 years coming to an end , because I 've been here since I finished school and it 's all I 've known . I might be locking horns with Mark Cueto , who 's also retiring , this weekend and it will be just as competitive as the first time I faced him . ' GLOUCESTER v NEWCASTLE -LRB- SATURDAY : Kingsholm , 3 pm -RRB- . Dan Robson and Billy Burns form a new half-back pairing for the hosts , in a reshuffled side led by Billy Twelvetrees . Will Welch and Ally Hogg return to the Newcastle back row after injury breaks . PREDICTION : Home win . LEICESTER V LONDON WELSH -LRB- SATURDAY : Welford Road , 3 pm -RRB- . England lock contender Graham Kitchener makes a first Tigers appearance since February , alongside Brad Thorn . Olly Barkley reclaims the Exiles ' No 10 shirt and ex-Leicester flanker Ben Pienaar also starts . PREDICTION : Home win . NORTHAMPTON V SARACENS -LRB- SATURDAY : Stadium MK , 3.15 pm -RRB- . Courtney Lawes has been passed fit to return for Saints , while prop Salesi Ma'afu comes in to reinforce the pack . Schalk Brits lines up at hooker for Saracens , but Owen Farrell and Chris Ashton are on the bench . PREDICTION : Home win . SALE v HARLEQUINS -LRB- SATURDAY : AJ Bell Stadium , 2 pm -RRB- . The Sharks have shifted Josh Beaumont into the second row , to allow TJ Ioane to start at No 8 . Quins are still without England full back Mike Brown and have brought in George Lowe at outside centre . PREDICTION : Home win . WASPS v EXETER -LRB- SUNDAY : Ricoh Arena , 2 pm -RRB- . Nathan Hughes will wear No 8 for Wasps after having a suspension overturned , while Christian Wade is fit to start . Phil Dollman is out with a leg injury , so Byron McGuigan takes over at full back for Exeter . PREDICTION : Home win .