The president of the MGM Grand is making a solemn promise to the hundreds of thousands of party-goers already flocking to Las Vegas for Saturday 's Fight of the Century . ` They have my guarantee we will not run out of beer this weekend , ' says Scott Sibella . That is a reference to how Ricky Hatton 's trans-Atlantic army of 30,000 fans drank the Strip dry when he fought Floyd Mayweather eight years ago . With 10 times that number expected to descend on this oasis in the Nevada desert -- just so they can say ` I was there ' on the night Mayweather finally fights Manny Pacquiao -- the MGM food and beverage department are taking no chances . The MGM Grand is getting ready to host Floyd Mayweather 's showdown with Manny Pacquiao . The hotel resort on the Las Vegas strip will host the biggest boxing contest ever on Saturday night . Advertisements for the fight on Saturday night are all over the MGM Grand hotel ahead of the contest . The MGM Grand expect 50,000 people each day to pass through for Friday 's weigh-in and Saturday 's fight . 1993 - Year opened . 280ft - height of the four 30-storey towers . 2,500 - slot machines and video poker . 7,000 - Rooms and suites . 9,000 - employees work at the hotel . 16,000 - Garden Arena capacity . 100,000 - people expected for the event . 170,000 - Square feet of gaming . A convoy of trucks is already delivering the first consignments of half a million bottles of Budweiser , Miller Lite , Corona and Tecate , who are paying more than $ 5million -LRB- £ 3.3 m -RRB- to be one of the fight 's sponsors . Many early arrivals are busy now stock-piling cases of their preferred foaming nectar in their rooms at the hotel , which will cost them $ 1,600 -LRB- £ 1,057 -RRB- a night come Friday and Saturday . Even at those prices , they are the lucky ones . The majority of rooms on the Strip are reserved for proven high-rollers with track records of seven-figure gambling . Sibella says : ` We are taking care of major clients from all over the world . ' Many late-comers are being reduced to renting out not only rooms in private houses but the caravans parked in those gardens . Sibella expects 50,000 people to set foot in the MGM each day for Friday 's weigh-in and Saturday 's main event itself , in addition to the near 14,000 occupants of the 7,000 rooms and suites . Merchandise for the fight on sale at the MGM Grand with just days to go before the blockbuster event . A hotel guest looks at a display of title belts belonging to the unbeaten American Mayweather . The hotel is putting the finishing touches on it 's preparations for the biggest event in Las Vegas history . Who do you think WILL win the fight between Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao ? Who do you think WILL win the fight between Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao ? Now share your opinion . A hundred thousand hot dogs will be sizzling in readiness in and around the Grand Garden Arena . All this is only the surface of the liquid lake and the tip of the food mountain which will be drunk and devoured at the MGM Grand and the group 's 13 other hotel-casinos on the Strip . In its comparatively new incarnation as a holiday resort destination rather than just a gambling mecca , Vegas now generates even more revenue from such sources as accommodation , restaurants , bars and shows than it does from betting . Sibella says : ` At an event like this we want to maximise all our non-gaming revenue . ' Nevertheless , the casino drop is expected to at least double the record take at the tables which has been set on New Year 's Eve and equalled for Mike Tyson 's biggest fights . Projections for the economic impact on the Vegas economy have been revised upwards from an initial $ 400m -LRB- £ 265m -RRB- to well over a billion dollars . This is the fun part of a military scale operation for putting on the mega-rich fight for which the world of boxing and beyond has been waiting for five years . The MGM has an army of 9,000 employees , almost two to every three hotel guests . Many are engaged in security and this is where it gets serious . Mayweather 's fight against Pacquiao will take place at the MGM Grand 's 16,000-capacity Garden Arena . Fewer than a thousand tickets went on sale to the public with the rest to be distributed privately . As well as being a hotel , the MGM Grand is a world-famous resort with casinos and entertainment . It is a complex task playing host to what will be the biggest single event in Las Vegas history but ask Sibella for his greatest concern and he says : ` The safety of all these people . ' Fights this big bring special risks . There will be a melting pot of thousands of Mayweather 's fellow American rappers and almost as many Filipino immigrants supporting Pacquiao . But it is not the cultural mix which worries the hosts . A number of fight nights at the Grand Garden have ended in pushing , shoving and near-crushing among the crowds as they tried to leave . Fortunately there have been no fatalities but after Mayweather 's most recent fight here , against Marcos Maidana , a number of injured had to be stretchered away for hospital treatment . After ` the last stampede , ' as Sibella describes it , he called summit meetings to devise a new strategy for crowd control . A Grand King Room , which on Monday was being sold on the website for over $ 1,800 for the night of the fight . The MGM resort has a golf course along with restaurants and casinos as part of it 's entertainment experience . Gambling is a huge source of revenue for most Las Vegas hotels , including the MGM Grand . The two roots of the problem were the single exit route from the arena and the thousands without tickets still waiting outside , lining those hallways in hope of glimpsing the rich and famous . Resorts here like to steer the foot traffic through the casino floors but Sibella is putting safety first . Although the gaming areas are required by law to be open for free entrance , movement beyond the tables to the concourses leading to the arena will be restricted to fight ticket-holders and those with restaurant or bar reservations . ` The problem has not so much been the spectators leaving as the people-watchers blocking their movement , ' says Sibella . ` We are now working on opening up more exit routes . ' Furthermore , this Saturday , the rubber-neckers will be kept at a distance . They will be further discouraged by the celebrities -- sports stars and Hollywood royalty among them - using a private , guarded entrance out of eyesight of the throng . Metal detectors have been obligatory since Tyson 's infamous ear-biting fight against Evander Holyfield spilled out into a riot on the main casino floor , with reports of gunfire and sightings of at least one cop drawing his weapon . Mayweather 's last 10 fights have all taken place at the MGM Grand , including two against Marcos Maidana . The unbeaten American beat Ricky Hatton at the MGM Grand in December 2007 . Hatton was also on the end of another devastating defeat by Pacquiao at the MGM Grand in May 2009 . Sibella says : ` Like Floyd and Manny , we need a perfect game plan . ' More than 50,000 of the out-of-towners will be syphoned away from the arena hot-spot to watch closed-circuit TV transmission on giant screens located in all the MGM properties . Even that facility for viewing the richest fight ever will cost $ 150 -LRB- £ 99 -RRB- a ticket . For the first time in ring history there will be a charge for admission to the weigh-in -- at the arena on Friday -- to facilitate crowd control for that event . Proceeds -- at $ 10 a head -- will go to charities nominated by Mayweather and Pacquiao . Come Saturday , MGM corporate security , the Las Vegas police and Nevada State Troopers will make a co-ordinated effort not only to deter crime but to keep the flow of people and traffic moving through the hotel and casino and out along the Strip . Mayweather beat Oscar De La Hoya at the MGM Grand in 2007 in a fight that set pay-per-view records . Those travelling by limousines and taxis will be urged to disembark and embark quickly at extra drop-off and pick-up points . Tyson 's fights often degenerated into crowd chaos but Sibella expects Mayweather and Pacquiao to play their part in ensuring a peaceful as well as atmospheric occasion . He says : ` The styles of Floyd and Manny should combine to produce a fight which lives up to all the hype . If it 's the great fight I expect , it will help create the happy night we all want . ' Just for the record , most of we lucky 1,500 journalists out of 18,000 applicants for media accreditation are working this week in a marquee erected on a car park adjacent to the arena . No beer or any other alcohol allowed .