An American company claims to have invented a ` teabag ' that can turn an ordinary pint of lager into a craft beer the same way hot water is turned into brew . The Hop Theory ` beer-bag ' contains a blend of hops , fruit peels and natural spices , and promises to turn light beer into craft after just two minutes of steeping . However , despite nearly reaching its crowd-funding target , the project has been criticised by professional breweries as being misleading about what constitutes as ` craft beer ' . Scroll down for video . Transformation : The Hop Theory sachets promises to turn lager into craft beer in just two minutes . Hop Theory , based in Maryland , is nearing its $ 25,000 target on crowd-funding site Kickstarter to produce its first blend , claiming it will turn lager into ` craft beer ' in just two to four minutes . Bobby Gattuso , who founded the company as a biology student in 2013 , hopes to revolutionise beer drinking . ` Craft beer excels in taste but it 's expensive . Light beer is cost effective and low in calories but lacks flavour , and with Hop Theory , an average beer becomes craft . ' Emily Williamson of independent brewery Cheddar Ales in Somerset , England , is sceptical to the idea of ` tea bag ' beer . ` Firstly , adding hops , flavouring herbs , peels during the brewing process is about stabilizing those ingredients to make them safe for consumption . ` Secondly , and most importantly , the boiling phase is when your wort -LRB- the unfermented liquid extracted from the mashing process -RRB- concentrates , and flavours , aroma and balance are carefully adjusted to create the complexity people of our beer drinking generation are after . ' New drink : After a short infusion of two minutes , the blend of hops , dried fruit and spices will have changed the taste of a lighter lager into that on par with a craft beer . New ideas : The Relativity blend contains dried and ground orange peel , Cascade hops and ground coriander seeds , and is set to hit the market this summer . Ms Williamson adds that the claim that the Hop Theory sachets can make a lager taste like a craft beer could also ` mislead people ' . ` To add a sachet to a pre-balanced , pre-made beer will only add a glimmer of the flavours available in traditionally made beers . ` For example our latest brew , Firewitch Spicy Farmhouse Saison , has had citrus peel in it for over two weeks , which really allows for a multitude of flavours to release into the brew . ` So , without tasting the product , I can only guess that it wo n't add anywhere near the depth of flavour that the actual brewing process can achieve as it 's not inherent to the structure . ' Hannah Rhodes , founder of Hiver beers , says : ` Good quality beer is more expensive because avoiding shortcuts and brewing naturally takes time , normally 3 to 6 times longer than that of it 's mainstream competitors . ' ` Here at Hiver , the honeys we source are fermented at the start of the process along with the cereals , and by not adding honey for flavouring at the end , you get a lovely crisp and refreshing finish and not something that 's sweet or cloying or artificial . ` The entrepreneurs behind the Hop Theory have spotted a great opportunity and I honestly think , anything that encourages people to think more seriously about what they eat and drink and experiment with taste , flavour and quality , is a good thing , so I wish them the best of luck . ' Their words are echoed by Durham Atkinson , owner of London craft beer pub and brewery Hops & Glory . ` In all honesty , I am not convinced that the attention to the brewing process in craft beer can be outdone in a sachet . ` The countless hours brewers spend watching their boil , trying and testing their beers and tweaking recipes and temperatures countless times I doubt can be solved by this product . I would however give it a go to see if a tasteless lager is improved by the sachet . ' Reusable : Each sachet can be used in up to four beers , so keeps both costs and calories down . Guide : A graphic from Mr Gattuso 's Kickstarter campaign describes how to use the Hop Theory sachets . Hop Theory 's first blend Relativity contains dried and ground orange peel , Cascade hops and ground coriander seeds , with another four blends planned for this year - raspberry , pumpkin , double IPA and peach . Each 5g Hop Theory sachet can transfuse up to four beers , so one bag could keep the drinker going for a session at the pub . The first infusion will take between two and four minutes , but once the bag is wet , any further uses will only take about 30 seconds to transfuse , Mr Gattuso says . ` We have been meticulously fine-tuning the perfect balance of ingredients to create our first blend and are finally ready to begin production . ` Hop Theory is here to add customisation to the beer industry . ` There 's only five calories in each sachet , so it improves a light beer without adding pounds or going penniless . ` It took a long time to create the perfect blend but finally Relativity was born and as our first blend , we think we nailed it . It is delicious and refreshing . ` No longer will you have to settle for what 's being served or dream about the beer you could be having . ` We simply want to to give everyone control over how their beer tastes . ' The first beerbags will be delivered in July this year , and 12 sachets cost $ 14.95 -LRB- £ 10 -RRB- .