A doctor who ploughed into an elderly couple in a 50mph head on crash while rushing to work has escaped prosecution after the police officer investigating the case went off sick . The female driver in a Toyota Aygo pulled in front of Colin Kay as he was driving his Citroen Picasso on the A586 in Great Eccleston in Lancashire last year . The collision was captured on film as Mr Kay had fitted a camera to his dashboard and revealed how he had no time to react and avoid the crash . Scroll down for video . Colin Kay captured the collision on a dashcam which showed how the Toyota Aygo driver veered across the road . The incident happened on the A586 in Great Eccleston in Lancashire last year and Mr Kay provided Lancashire Police with the footage . After the incident last year , the doctor driving the Toyota also had to be cut from her vehicle and was taken to the Royal Preston Hospital by air ambulance . The 72-year-old was left with bruises after the crash and his wife Krysia suffered a whiplash injury to her shoulder . But despite having evidence recorded on his dashcam , Mr Kay has now been told there will be no further action because the investigating officer went off sick and they could not prepare the paperwork in time . The retired engineer from Bacup in Lancashire , said : ` I contacted the police because I was keen to see a full prosecution to stop more careless driving . ` But nothing has been done because the investigating officer went off sick and they could not prepare the paperwork in time . Mr Kay has taken his case to the IPCC after the driver who ploughed into his car will not face any further action after the investigating officer went off sick . ` I think it is disgusting . If I was off sick somebody picked up my work . She has just got away with it and that 's that . ' The pensioner has now contacted the Independent Police Complaints Commission -LRB- IPCC -RRB- and sent them a copy of the footage after learning there would be no further action . He added : ` I have written to the IPCC and put my points across - it 's not only my case not acted upon , how many others have not been acted upon ? '' ` The only way our roads are going to become safer is when motorists driving carelessly like this are punished . Mr Kay with the footage on his computer . He says it is disgusting that there will be no action due the case not being picked up by another officer . ` My wife and I were very lucky that we were not more seriously hurt and we are very disappointed that no police action has been taken in this case . ' After the incident last year , the doctor driving the Toyota also had to be cut from her vehicle and was taken to the Royal Preston Hospital by air ambulance . It is understood she did not have serious injuries . The grandfather-of-seven explained : ` We were extremely lucky . I have a pacemaker and I thought my chest was going to explode . ` We were both bruised right across where the seatbelts were . ` It is a miracle that no one was more seriously hurt given that it was a serious head-on smash at 50mph . ` I had very little time to brake because she turned right in front of me due to a lapse in concentration . `` I feared the worst afterwards because she was trapped in her vehicle but thankfully she was not badly hurt , and was cut out by the Lancashire Fire and Rescue . ' A spokesman for Lancashire Police explained that there is a six-month period in which a prosecution would have to take place . This is the time limit set for summary offences , which are heard in a magistrates court to come to court . They also added that it was unfortunate that another officer failed to pick up the case instead . He said : ` Officers attended the scene and carried out a thorough investigation . ` An accident report was submitted with a recommendation for the driver to attend a Drivers ' Alertness Course . ` Unfortunately , the officer in the case was off sick and the report was not processed within the allocated time frame for prosecution . '