Finding the time to exercise when you 've got heaps of housework - and laundry - piling up can be difficult , but this piece of gym kit means you 've got no excuse not to work up a sweat . Chinese designers have developed an contraption called the Bike Washing Machine that contains a washing machine drum in its front wheel . When ridden , the pedalling motion causes the drum to rotate , churning your clothes inside like a traditional washer . Chinese designers have developed a washing machine so cyclists can clean clothes while exercising -LRB- above -RRB- . A generator inside the bike also creates electricity which can be stored for future use . The designers , based at Dalian Nationalities University , do not say whether the bike will automatically fill and drain with water too . Instead , the detergent and water may need to be added and then drained before more water being added for a rinse cycle . They say , however , that the device could be a solution for those who want both a washing machine and an exercise bike but can not find space for both . Alternatively it could also help shave a few pounds off your electricity bill by using pedal power to do the laundry . By changing the front wheel of the exercise bike into a washing machine drum it will spin as the user pedals . A generator attached to the pedals -LRB- shown above -RRB- also produces electricity which can be stored for later use . The invention could also find use in remote areas where people do not have access to reliable supplies of electricity . Students at the university are now building a prototype of the machine . The group submitted the design onto the website Tuvie , which allows designers to share their ideas . They said : ` Riding a bike is a popular exercise , washing laundry is something that you might do on daily basis or at least once a week , unless you keep buying new clothes and underwear , so why not combine them into a single useful equipment/appliance ? The designers say the device is perfect for those struggling to find space for both a washing machine and an exercise bike . ` Bike Washing Machine combines a stationary bicycle and washing machine , you can exercise while at the same time simultaneously washing your clothes . ` When you ride this bike , the pedalling motion causes the drum of the washing machine to rotate , at the same time , the superfluous electricity is generated which can be used to power the display screen or stored for future use . ' It is not the first time cycling and the weekly wash have been combined . In 2011 Richard Hewitt , a design student at Sheffield Hallam University , announced he had developed a similar device that washes and dries clothes using pedal power . His Spincycle machine could be attached to the back of a tricycle . Riding the bike for 10 minutes would wash the clothes before the water needed to be drained and refilled before another 10 minute cycle rinsed the clothes . If cycling and doing your washing at the same time does not appeal , then perhaps another device that combines a treadmill with a washing machine . Looking more like a giant hamster wheel , it features a series of wash tubs enclosed within a large rotating wheel . The Wheel washing machine , dreamed up by South Korean designer Si Hyeong Ryu , would also generate electricity that could be used to power other household appliances . Ryu created the concept for the 2014 Electrolux Design Lab competition . The Wheel concept features washing balls inside the canisters , designed to save water and improve washing .