The party-loving girlfriend of footballer Johnny Manziel has come under fire on social media for refusing to give up on going out and enjoying herself now her boyfriend is out of rehab . Manziel and Colleen Crowley were spotted together in public for the first time since he entered rehab when they attended Tuesday night 's Texas Rangers game . The pair appear to remain very much an item , but Crowley has been taking heat on Instagram for refusing to give up her wild ways while Manziel was being treated for his unspecified problems . Scroll down for video . Johnny Manziel was spotted at a Texas Rangers game Tuesday night days after leaving rehab . On Tuesday , Crowley posted a video on her Instagram page of the Texan socialite enjoying a drunken night out with friends . Manziel finally re-emerged on the weekend after checking into a facility on January 28 stating that he wanted to ` be a better family member , friend and teammates . ' On Tuesday , Crowley - who has amassed more than 130,000 followers since becoming Johnny Football 's girlfriend - posted a video on her Instagram page of the Texan socialite enjoying a drunken night out with friends . The video seemed to enrage a number of followers who voiced their unhappiness that the undergrad at Texas Christian University in Fort Worth , Texas may not be setting the best example to someone straight out of rehab . ` F *** you for putting this up after the money man -LRB- Manziel -RRB- got out of rehab , ' commented one follower . Another concerned commenter added some words of warning . ` Significant others are the # 1 reason that people fail outside rehab . If you are in rehab , then you have an addictive personality and the drug councilors will atest that one addiction is as good as another for triggering an addict into relapsing . ' Crowley has been taking heat on Instagram for refusing to give up her wild ways while Manziel was being treated for his unspecified problems . The party-loving girlfriend of footballer Johnny Manziel has come under fire on social media for refusing to give up on going out and enjoying herself now her boyfriend is out of rehab . Some other commenters on Crowley 's Instagram page are more forgiving . ` It 's your life , keep doin you and forget the haters , ' writers one supporter . The Cleveland Browns quarterback stayed away from the booze on Tuesday night and was seen sipping nothing stronger than water throughout the game . Manziel 's partying had been a topic of conversation since his rookie season began last July , with some worried his drinking was a priority . According to ESPN , Manziel was ` doing great ' in rehab , and had the full support of his team . Now comes the real test as offseason workouts with the team will begin next Monday , April 20 . Manziel will be forced to compete with Josh McCown for the starting quarterback position , who just signed a $ 14 million contract with the team that covers the next three seasons . Manziel was joined by his girlfriend Colleen Crowley and sipped water throughout Tuesday night . This after a rookie season in which he saw limited game time and suffered difficult losses in his only two starts . Manziel was no doubt hoping to step out of the spotlight following the end of the Cleveland Browns season last December , but talk soon turned to whether or not the accomplished footballer might have a problem . Especially after one incident last year when , after partying until well past midnight , Manziel , who is suffering from an injured hamstring , skipped out on a Saturday morning team treatment session because he overslept , and in turn was fined by the Browns . Manziel was quick to apologize to the team for his behavior , saying ; ` It 's about being accountable ... instead of looking like a jackass . ' And while his season may have been over at that time , many believed Manziel would still tone things down for a bit in the wake of that controversy . The athlete was in treatment for roughly six weeks before being released on Saturday . It was all the more shocking then when he was spotted partying at FDR Lounge at the Delano in Miami over the New Year holiday , alongside the likes of LeBron James and Ryan Phillippe , and then he was seen chugging champagne straight from the bottle while sitting poolside with girlfriend Crowley and some buddies poolside at the Delano . At this point , some in the sports world , chief among them columnist Skip Bayless , began to suggest that the Heisman Trophy winner needed to get help for his drinking . Appearing on ESPN 's First Take , Bayless , a noted supporter of Manziel , did not mince words as he made it very clear that in his opinion the former college star needed to deal with his drinking . ` My concern , I repeatedly said , was if Johnny continues to demonstrate that he has a problem with alcohol , and a problem with alcohol leading to partying and all that that entails , then I 'm going to be out , ' said Bayless . ` In talking to people in and around the Cleveland Browns , I believe Johnny Manziel continues to have a problem with alcohol . And I believe ... that it is time for Johnny to get some help . Manziel while the 2013 Heisman Trophy as the quarterback of the Texas a & m University Aggies . ` He continues to lie to his executives , to his coaches , to his teammates , to the media , and most of all , he continues to lie to himself . ' He then said he would label Manziel an ` alcoholic . ' Manziel was known for his partying while at Texas a & m , but said he was a changed man during the 2014 NFL Draft , noting that he had ` grown up , ' before being selected 22nd overall by Cleveland . Just days into his training with the Browns however , the local press began calling him out on his partying , which they cited as the major reason for his poor performance on the field . A source told Cleveland.com at the time ; ` Team officials had bought into Manziel 's pre-draft promises to tone down the partying and leave his frat-boy lifestyle back in College Station , Texas , and they 've been stunned by his non-stop antics . '