Ronald Koeman 's message to his Southampton players is a clear one : Forget about the others , focus on yourselves and start scoring goals . The Saints ' stellar season has stuttered in recent weeks , largely due to their impotence in front of goal . In their last 10 league matches they 've scored just seven times , resulting in a haul of 14 points from a potential 30 . Southampton manager Ronald Koeman wants his team to rediscover their scoring form to make Europe . Southampton striker Graziano Pelle -LRB- centre -RRB- has struggled to reproduce his form from the start of the season . Pelle 's struggles in front of goal could see him removed from the side to play Hull on Saturday . Still , though , the south coast side are punching well above their weight and sit seventh in the Premier League with 53 points from their 31 outings -- one point behind Tottenham Hotspur in sixth and Liverpool in fifth . European football is the goal and , starting with Hull City on Saturday , Saints have seven matches to chase that dream . ` You have to look at yourself and to do your best , ' Koeman said on Thursday . ` You have to have the ambition , spirit and quality . ` We have a little bit more difficulty in creating enough chances to score and we have to work on that . Now the situation at the moment is that we are fighting for fifth , sixth and seventh position in the table and that 's still very good . ` We have a home game now and if you want to finish up in the table you have to win games like this . ' Saints have failed to score in five of their last nine league matches , and Koeman could be poised to recall Senegalese striker Sadio Mane to the starting 11 . Sadio Mane -LRB- left -RRB- is pushing for a recall to the Southampton side for the home game against Hull . Koeman is trying to lead Southampton into the Europa League and they are currently seventh on 53 points . Koeman is looking for his best attacking combination and with Graziano Pelle continuing to misfire , winger Mane could be called on to play up the middle . ` We need to have patience and we need to bring more quality in front -LRB- of goal -RRB- . Then it 's all about the performance , ' Koeman told the club 's YouTube channel . Hull are scrapping for their top-flight lives and will be tough to break down . The Tigers are one place above the drop zone , two points clear of Queens park Rangers and Burnley , and six above rock-bottom Leicester .