A woman asked a judge on Thursday to dismiss her lawsuit against the daughter of University of Alabama football coach Nick Saban , bringing an end to a legal fight between sorority sisters that was sparked by an alcohol-fueled brawl . Attorneys for plaintiff Sarah Grimes and for Kristen Saban would not say whether there had been a settlement of the lawsuit , which was set for trial in early August . ` We are pleased that this case is over , ' said Josh Hayes , a lawyer for the coach 's daughter . Burying the hatchet : University of Alabama graduate Sarah Grimes -LRB- left -RRB- has dropped her lawsuit against her former sorority sister Kristen Saban -LRB- pictured right with coach dad -RRB- , whom she had accused of brutally beating her . Sisters : Both Saban and Grimes pledged the Phi Mu sorority -LRB- pictured -RRB- at the University of Alabama in 2009 . Stephen Strickland , who filed the request on behalf of Grimes , declined to comment . The one-sentence dismissal motion did not give a reason for the move , but it said each woman should pay her own legal costs . Tuscaloosa County Circuit Judge James Roberts did not immediately rule on the request . Grimes sued the coach 's daughter in Tuscaloosa County in 2012 over a fight they had while attending college in 2010 . The lawsuit said Grimes suffered lasting injuries during the brawl , which evidence showed began over a Facebook post after a night of drinking . Arguments during a hearing and court documents showed the two women came to blows at Kristen Saban 's apartment after the famous coach 's daughter posted ` No one likes Sarah yayyyyy ! ' on Facebook . Grimes banged on Saban 's bedroom door demanding that the post be deleted and the two were soon in a tussle that included pushing and hair pulling . Grimes portrayed Kristen Saban as the aggressor . Grimes said she suffered serious injuries , including a concussion and a broken nose that required surgery . But a judge in Tuscaloosa cited Alabama 's ` stand your ground ' law in ruling that Saban only defended herself against Grimes . Nick Saban and his wife , Terry Saban , were not parties in the lawsuit , which sought an unspecified amount of money . Girl brawl : Grimes -LRB- left -RRB- claimed in her 2012 lawsuit that she suffered lasting injuries during a boozy brawl with Saban -LRB- right -RRB- in 2010 , which evidence showed began over a Facebook post after a night of drinking . Grimes ' now-defunct lawsuit stated that the fight happened in the wee hours on Aug. 29 , 2010 , after a night of drinking at Rounders , a local bar in Tuscaloosa . The two sorority sisters and five other girlfriends were hanging out in Saban 's apartment when they began to bicker over a boyfriend . Grimes told Saban to ` shut up ' and that ` others were tired of listening to her , ' according to court documents . Grimes told Saban she ` needed to get therapy ' because she was a ` psycho ' -- to which Saban fired back : ` Because that worked really well for you , ' court records show . Standing her ground : Saban claimed it was Grimes who attacked her first and she was just defending herself . Saban then locked herself in the bathroom , and posted on her Facebook : ` No one likes Sarah , Yayyyyy ! ' That 's where things get murky -- which each of the sorority sisters claiming in legal papers that the other beat her badly . In her testimony , Grimes said that Saban ` used both of her hands and shoved her into an open door frame , ' where she hit her head . Grimes said she put ` one hand on -LSB- Saban 's -RSB- throat , one hand on her chest , and threw her back ' to try to get away . But Saban bounced back on top of her and ` hit her in the face more than five times , ' leaving Grimes bleeding ` all over the floor and all over herself , ' running down her face and into her bra . Grimes later testified that she had ` extensive ' injuries , including a swelling on her left temple and a black eye . Saban presented a different version of events . She said in legal papers that , after she posted on Facebook , Grimes rushed over to confront her and began banging on her door . ` She was screaming at me to take it off and cursing , and I finally took it off , and I opened the door , and I showed her , ' Saban testified , according to court records . ` I had my phone out , and I said , `` It 's off . It 's off . '' ` And then she took both of her hands and put them around my throat . ' University of Alabama coach Nick Saban -LRB- pictured -RRB- and his wife , Terry Saban , were not parties in the lawsuit . Saban added there was ` just a lot of slapping and punching , not many -LSB- punches -RSB- landing , and scratching . ' Her injuries including a broken nose and scratches on her back , she testified . Kristen Saban pleaded guilty to an unspecified offense before the university 's judicial board but was not prosecuted criminally , according to the suit . It said she was required to undergo psychological screening and take an anger management class . Grimes and Kristen Saban , one-time close friends , have both graduated from the university . Ms Grimes went on to become a first-grade teacher in Alabama , while her arch-rival has launched a career in marketing .