Dr Unt Tun Maung , 43 , asked the vulnerable teen to remove her bra before cupping and squeezing each of her breasts , Durham Crown Court heard . A married GP who fondled a vulnerable teenager 's breasts when she came to him complaining of chest pains has been jailed for 18 months . Dr Unt Tun Maung , 43 , was working as a locum GP when he assaulted the patient during a routine examination at a Teesside medical centre in 2012 , Durham Crown Court was previously told . The father-of-one , of Chester-le-Street , County Durham , had spent 12 years working in the NHS , but has now lost everything because of a ` moment of madness ' , his lawyer told the court . The attack took place during a routine appointment in July 2012 when the girl went to Maung complaining of chest pains . Maung then asked the teenager to remove her bra , before cupping and squeezing her breasts before telling her to put her clothes back on . After the incident , the woman texted a friend to say she felt she had been sexually abused . In a statement read to the court , she said had not wanted to believe she had been taken advantage of , but she could not rid it from her mind . Then , when she visited another doctor a few months later with another chest infection , she panicked while being examined , the court heard . A complaint was made to the NHS , although the police were not alerted for ` several months ' , prosecutor Peter Makepeace said . Dr Maung came from a medical family and had worked in the NHS since moving to the UK in 2000 , Mr Hurst said , and was held in high regard both professionally and personally . He had devoted 12 years of his life to working in the NHS and had also helped contribute to his Buddhist community , defence barrister Andrew Hurst said . Mr Hurst asked the judge to suspend the sentence , saying Maung 's earning potential had been decimated and he had lost the respect of the community , to the point that his conviction ` effectively amounts to a life sentence ' . Maung was jailed for 18 months for the attack , which took place in 2012 , is currently suspended from practicing and is facing a General Medical Council investigation . Judge Prince told Maung he had previously been of ` exemplary ' character , had made a significant contribution to society , both as a ` diligent and dedicated doctor ' and in the wider community . He added that Maung was clearly held in high regard by numerous people of high standing . However , the judge concluded that only an immediate prison sentence would be appropriate for the crime and deter others from behaving in such a way in future . Dr Maung has been suspended from general practice since October 2013 and now faces a General Medical Council investigation . Judge Prince added that his NHS career was ` unquestionably over ' . Maung will also be placed on the sex offenders ' register for ten years , but was not told to pay the victim any compensation , though she can pursue him through the civil courts .