It was n't a great shot stealing the limelight at the LPGA golf tournament in Hawaii this week but a stray spectator on the course . An unidentified man was caught on the NBC sports channel wandering across the green at the Ko Olina resort in Oahu and plunging into a pond . Announcers could n't help but chuckle at the course-crasher 's escapades as he went into the water to retrieve a hat that had blown off in the wind and proceeded to lose his beer at the same time . The drinks can was seen popping out of his pocket and floating away . ` This fella obviously paid a lot of money for this hat because he 's gone into the water to go and get it , ' one commenter said . He continued : ` And is he going to be able to get out ? That 's the big question . Can he do it ? ' ` He almost fell over going in , ' another TV announcer butted in . The man - dressed in camel-colored shorts and a green T-shirt - was then seen putting one leg up on the shoreline in a bid to haul himself out . Caught on camera : It was n't a great shot stealing the limelight at the LPGA golf tournament in Hawaii this week but a stray spectator on the course . Taking a dip : An unidentified man was caught on the NBC sports channel wandering across the green at the Ko Olina resort in Oahu and plunging into a pond . But before viewers could catch glimpse of what happened , the cameras cut to the 6th hole . ` That could go on for a long time , ' the announcer said , signaling that the pond escape was proving quite a struggle . According to TheGolfNewsNet.com , the man made it out of the water with his hat , but had to leave the beer behind . A golf cart then arrived , presumably with security who may have escorted the patron out . The 2015 LOTTE Championship , presented by Hershey , comes to a close on April 18 . The event attracted more than 100 of the world 's top female golfers all competing for a share of the $ 1.7 million purse . Comical : Announcers could n't help but chuckle at the course-crasher 's escapades as he went into the water to retrieve a hat that had blown off in the wind and proceeded to lose his beer at the same tim .