Sixteen and seventeen year olds should not be allowed to vote in a referendum on Britain 's membership of the European Union because they have been brainwashed with pro-EU colouring-in books , Ukip has said . The party said schoolchildren were being exposed to ` propaganda ' from Brussels in a bid to ` catch them young ' . It came as Ukip was accused of performing yet another U-turn on its immigration policy . Ukip campaign chief Patrick O'Flynn accused Brussels of feeding ` propaganda ' to young people who could not be trusted to vote in a referendum . David Cameron has promised to claw back powers from Brussels before holding an in-out referendum by the end of 2017 . Ukip has called for the vote to be held earlier , and today warned under-18s should not be allowed a say . Ukip deputy chairman Suzanne Evans said : ` It 's everything there from colouring-in books on the Common Agricultural Policy for primary school children right up to research projects at university level . ` The amount of money that the EU is putting into this propaganda and throughout the entire education system is enormous . Overall the EU has an advertising budget that is larger than Coca-Cola . ' Asked if schoolchildren were being brainwashed , the party 's campaign chief Patrick O'Flynn said : ` I think it 's not a million miles away . ` It 's certainly designed to catch people young and feed them propaganda and a very partial view which you know just speaks up to the EU being an unalloyed good thing that we could n't possibly do without . ' Pushed further , he added : ` It is an emotive term but I would n't demur from the description of brainwashing . ` We 've had many reports from our members of schoolchildren of secondary school age being exposed to overwhelmingly pro-EU views when the matter of the European Union is discussed and not really having the Eurosceptic case put . ' Ukip deputy chairman Suzanne Evans said the amount of money that the EU is ` putting into this propaganda and throughout the entire education system is enormous ' Mr O'Flynn said the party was ` strongly against ' lowering the voting age as under-18s are ` too young / to vote . He accused the Lib Dems of trying to ` gerrymander ' a future in-out referendum after speculation they would demand 16 and 17-year-olds and EU migrants are given a vote as part of a possible post-election Coalition deal . He argued the fairest way of holding a referendum would be to stick to the rules of a general election and said any changes could skew the vote . ` Let 's be frank about it , opinion research shows that 16 and 17-year-olds are much more likely to be in support of Britain 's membership of the European Union than is the population in general , ' he said . ` And the electoral franchise does not allow 16 and 17-year-olds to vote and it 's no wonder the Liberal Democrats wish to make this change but it 's a gerrymandering change which is clearly intended to skew the result . ' Critics of EU waste have previously condemned a colouring and activity book produced by Brussels which promoted the work of bureaucrats and MEPS . At an EU summit in 2013 David Cameron held aloft the book promoting the wastefulness of MEPs . Ukip was today accused of performing yet another U-turn on its immigration policy after it ruled out setting a net migration target hours after Nigel Farage said he would like to see the figure reduced to 30,000 . The party leader on Tuesday said cutting annual net migration from 300,000 to 30,000 by 2018 would be a ` return to normality ' . But this morning party deputy chairman Suzanne Evans , who is writing the party 's manifesto , said : ` There are no migration targets . ' ` I can tell you that there wo n't be any mention of 50,000 or 30,000 in the manifesto and that 's official party policy , ' she added . The party previously promised to cap numbers at 50,000 before Mr Farage earlier this month disowned the cap and said he would not set ` arbitrary ' targets . Mr O'Flynn called on David Cameron to ` come clean ' on any discussions he has had with the Lib Dems about the referendum and then guarantee he will not meet any of the party 's demands . He said : ` We would like him to guarantee that none of these demands will be met , that Mr Clegg will not have a hand in the question , the timing , and that there is no question whatsoever of the franchise being changed from the general election franchise . ` Because in the case of 16 and 17-year-olds they are far more likely to have been exposed recently to very strident pro-EU views and not to have heard the Eurosceptic case at all . ` And in the case of EU migrants , there is obviously a vested interest potentially in how they will vote . ` We see this as an attempt by the Liberal Democrats to gerrymander the outcome but we are also worried that David Cameron has a habit of letting the Liberal Democrats take the rap for certain un-Conservative things he might be planning to do . ' In 2013 the European Union unveiled a children 's play book that told how it takes four Eurocrats to send a letter and depicted them travelling around town in taxpayer-funded limousines . The 10-page book ` Mr and Mrs MEP and their helpers ' was an apparently serious attempt to shed light on the lives of elected officials in Strasbourg , and 15,000 were printed . On page 1 , the couple 's work day begins at 8 am as they arrive at the airport , briefcases in hand , to find their driver ` waiting for them in a limousine ' . Safely chauffeured to the office , Mr MEP wants to send a letter to a colleague but does not have an envelope . The book explains - in four European languages with reading , games and colouring in exercises - how this problem is resolved with the help of three other people .