Ronny Deila is preparing for the William Hill Scottish Cup semi-final against Inverness , believing Celtic themselves provide the biggest hurdle to their treble hopes . The Scottish League Cup winners are eight points clear of Aberdeen at the top of the Scottish Premiership with six games remaining and strong favourites to make it four in a row . Asked ahead of the trip to Hampden Park on Sunday if he felt he had a treble-winning squad at his disposal , the Norwegian boss said : . Ronny Deila is preparing his Celtic side for Sunday 's Scottish Cup semi-final against Inverness . As they ready themselves for the trip to Hampden Park , Celtic will be focused on treble hopes . ` We will see but I really believe that we can do it and now it is up to us . ` If we are performing well , we know that we are very hard to beat . ` We have shown that for a long , long time now and again , our biggest opponent is ourselves . ` We need to keep our mind on the right things . ` I have felt a sense of excitement for a long time . But it is very important to focus on the next training session and next game , instead of thinking of what might be , thinking of what we have to do to make it as good as possible now . ' Deila believes treble success will help not only attract players to the club this summer , but also help keep those who are already at Parkhead and perhaps thinking of moving to pastures new . The former Stromsgodset boss said : ` The players are happy , they enjoy being in Glasgow and at Celtic and if they see the team is going forward they want to stay , that is my experience . The Scottish League Cup winners are eight points clear in Scottish Premiership with six games to play . ` It 's my job to make the staff and players feel well and have fun and looking forward to coming to work . ` It is not like that everywhere . I 've had players come to me who are very unhappy and then money is nothing , in my opinion . ' The day after Wednesday night 's 4-1 home win over Kilmarnock , Deila travelled south to see Celtic 's development team lose on penalties to Manchester City in the quarter-final of the Premier League International Cup . After their early Champions League exit , Celtic fans could be celebrating a treble-winning season soon . Out of favour striker Stefan Scepovic , who was signed from Sporting Gijon for a reported fee of £ 2.3 million in September , was given some game time and Deila , who has Anthony Stokes suspended and Gary Mackay-Steven and Stuart Armstrong cup-tied for the Caley game , revealed the 25-year-old Serbia international will be in his plans for Hampden . He said : ` Scepovic is in the squad for Sunday . He needed a game instead of sitting on the bench on Wednesday . ` His contribution is going up and down . There is competition , it 's tough to switch around when you have other strikers doing well . ` But he has some qualities that the others do n't have and he 's trying to improve . '