Ever wondered where footballers chill out after training ? Well here 's your answer as Alvaro Arbeloa , Asier Illarramendi and Nacho have given adidas an exclusive tour of their state-of-the-art training complex . Former Liverpool defender Arbeloa explained what Ciudad Real Madrid , the name given to the La Liga outfit 's training ground , has to offer during the behind-the-scenes guided trip around the club 's facilities . Joined by team-mates Illarramendi and Nacho , Arbeloa starts off by revealing that Real Madrid 's first-team stars are allowed 24-hour access to the club 's HQ . Real Madrid trio Alvaro Arbeloa -LRB- left -RRB- , Asier Illarramendi -LRB- centre -RRB- and Nacho gave adidas a tour of their HQ . The Real Madrid trio were joined by adidas presenter Roman Kemp during the behind-the-scenes tour . Real Madrid 's first-team stars have a room where they can shoot hoops , play games consoles and relax . Former Liverpool defender Arbeloa points to Gareth Bale 's room during the guided tour . Each player has their own personalised room in the complex , which is part-owned by the council , where they can rest before and after training or ahead of a home game . There are also communal suites where Real Madrid stars such as Cristiano Ronaldo , Gareth Bale and James Rodriguez can socialise in their spare time . And there 's no chance of the players getting bored as the club provide games consoles , basketball machines , ping-pong tables and a host of other fun activities . The personalised rooms are the most extravagant part of Real Madrid 's HQ as players can only access their own suite by a finger recognition system fitted on the door . Bale 's room is the next port of call but presenter Roman Kemp is unable to gain access as the world 's most expensive player is not in . Each room is fitted with a recognition system , here Illarramendi opens his room by using his index finger . Real Madrid-crested pillows and a fully equipped en suite are among the facilities inside the room . A closer look of the Real Madrid-crested pillows which are located in the apartments at the training ground . The Real Madrid players also have their name and image displayed on their personalised TV . We are allowed a glimpse of one of the rooms , which Arbeloa explains ` are all the same ' , as Illarramendi opens his door after passing his index finger across the security system . The rooms contain a luxury bed along with Real Madrid-crested pillows , a fully equipped en suite , and a personalised TV which displays the player 's name and picture . And that 's not all as the rooms have a balcony which is just a stone 's throw away from Real Madrid 's training pitches . ` After dinner we sometimes come up here and chat , ' reveals Illarramendi . The Spanish midfielder 's room overlooks Real Madrid Castilla 's practice area , which is surrounded by trees to protect the facilities from sudden gusts of wind . Real Madrid fans will be hoping Arbeloa , Illarramendi , Nacho and Co have been able to get plenty of rest in their ` footballer 's crib ' ahead of their quarter-final Champions League tie against Atletico Madrid . The European champions face Atletico at the Vicente Calderon on Tuesday night with the return leg taking place next week . Trophies and images of former Real Madrid legends are on display in the state-of-the-art complex . The rooms at Real Madrid 's top-of-the-range HQ are located next to the club 's training pitches . Real Madrid 's training ground , which is part-owned by the council , is situated near Barajas airport . The club 's players can eat at Ciudad Real Madrid before practising their football skills on the training pitch . One man who will be hoping Real can become the first club to retain Europe 's most prestigious competition is former captain Fernando Hierro . The Real Madrid assistant coach has also taken time out of his busy schedule to show off his personal compartment at the training ground . Joined by adidas presenter Layla Anna-Lee , Hierro praises the club 's facilities before explaining his delight at being able to win the Champions League on three separate occasions during his time at the Santiago Bernabeu . Adidas presenter Layla Anna-Lee knocks on Fernando Hierro 's door before meeting the Real assistant . Former Real Madrid centre back Hierro praises the club 's facilities and reflects on his successful career . ` I was lucky to win our ninth European Cup as captain , but in my opinion the beginning of the modern era was in 1998 when we became champions after 32 years . ` This team are the current champions but as far as I know , no team has ever won the Champions League two consecutive times . That 's a nice challenge . ` This team has to win , this team loves to win . It lives together with victory and with great achievements and that 's a lot of pressure because everyday you must wake up thinking that you must work to try to become the best . '