Forget dogs ' dinners , stylish cook Gizzi Erskine 's fussy feline loves poppadoms , tortilla chips and taramasalata . In an interview with Puss Puss magazine , the stylish cook , 35 , posed at a feast fit for only the classiest cat , that included bowls brimming with caviar and salmon roe , jellied fish heads , a seafood sculpture made of octopus , lobster and prawns . Although the lavish feast was in fact a set -LRB- created by food stylist Iain Graham -RRB- , the cat fancier admitted that her British shorthair , Kimchi , has such a discerning palate he loves crunchy ` human food ' and that taramasalata would be his ` death row dish ' . Draped in peach silk and surrounded by cat delicacies , TV chef Gizzi Erskine appears with her pet Kimchi in cat magazine , Puss Puss . The TV chef seen baring her back tattoo with pet cat Kimchi says : ` I 'd love a really small cat tattoo either behind my ear or somewhere discreet ' In the shoot for the publication that pitches itself as a Vogue for cat lovers , the east London-based cook told writer Gemma Lacey : ` She wo n't eat anything unless it 's proper meat . ' Adding that Kimchi , ` loves human food and will steal it off our plate if we 're not looking . ` She loves anything crunchy , so if there are poppadoms or tortilla chips around that 's it . I do n't like her having it as they 're not supposed to , but she just takes it . But Gizzi insists that living in a foodie household is n't to blame . ` It 's not my influence at all , she 's just a pig ! ' A feast fit for only the classiest cat : bowls brimming with caviar and salmon row and and a two - tiered cake covered with cat treats . Jellied fish heads -LRB- right -RRB- and a seafood sculpture made of octopus , lobster and prawns -LRB- left -RRB- also feature . ` We 've had to put her on a diet she was getting so fat . When I make taramasalata she 'll eat and eat and eat it , it 's her death row dish . ` She loves cheese , caviar and anything really fishy . ' But Kimchi occasionally indulges in cat food and is ` obsessed ' with Dreamies cat biscuits . ` It 's insane , ' says Gizzi . ` She purrs as she eats and she does n't do that normally . ' Gizzi also recently added a new addition to her cat family , Ponzu , named after her favourite Japanese dressing . ` I was also thinking about calling him Neeps or Haggis as he 's Scottish , but it did n't suit him , so eventually I just went with what suited him best . He was nameless for a week , ' she says . ` Kimchi is called Kimchi because of my love of Korean food , ' she adds . The new addition to the Erskine feline family is also a food lover - and has even more unusual tastes . Gizzi feeding her cat Kimchi a prawn . The chef admits her furry friend has expensive taste in food . ` A week into having him , after tidying up a Thai takeaway and leaving the room for two minutes , I came back to find him paw deep in green curry ! ' she says . Gizzi , who showed off her huge tattoo of a pair of angel wings across her shoulder blades . Gizzi also wants to combine her love of cats with her body art habit , saying : ` I really want a cat tattoo . ` I 'm just about to get matching lions with my sister as we 're both Leos , so I 'll have the big cat one covered ' . ` I 'd love a really small cat tattoo as well , either behind my ear or somewhere discreet . I think more people are getting cat tattoos now , it 's become more popular . ' The second edition of Puss Puss Magazine is out now .