Carlo Ancelotti hailed Diego Simeone as one of the world 's best coaches as the Italian looked ahead to Real Madrid 's Champions League clash with Atletico Madrid . Real Madrid travel to the Vicente Calderon for their quarter-final first-leg match on Tuesday , and Ancelotti admits facing Simeone is both an ` honour ' and a ` problem ' . Speaking at Monday 's pre-match press conference , Ancelotti said : ` What can I say about Simeone ? Carlo Ancelotti has hailed Atletico Madrid boss Diego Simeone as one of the best coaches in the world . Simeone 's Atleti side host rivals Real Madrid in their Champions League quarter-final first leg on Tuesday . The Italian boss oversees Los Blancos training at the club 's Valdebebas training ground on Monday . ` He is a great coach , I like him a lot . He has proved himself , he is one of the best in the world . It 's an honour to face him and also a problem . ` We do n't have an obsession with Atletico , but with reaching the final of the Champions League . Our objective is not to beat Atletico , but to dream of winning the Champions League . ` Every match presents its own problem . Every match has its idea . Every defeat was different . One was due to set-pieces , one for something else , another due to a not very good attitude , like the last one . It 's difficult to say what happened . Ancelotti has a fully fit squad to choose from ahead of the derby Champions League clash . Gareth Bale is available for selection once again after missing Madrid 's 3-0 victory against Eibar on Saturday . The Madrid players seemed in a relaxed mood during their final training session before Tuesday 's match . Cristiano Ronaldo shares a joke with Brazilian team-mate Marcelo during training . ` It 's not that interesting , but we have analysed it and now we have another tie . ' The 55-year-old also revealed he has a fully fit squad to choose from on Tuesday evening with Welsh attacker Gareth Bale set to return to the first team after missing Madrid 's 3-0 victory against Eibar on Saturday . ` I am lucky to have the whole squad at my disposal . The formation will be the same as always . ` To play well , we will have to use all our weapons : individual quality and attacking directly with pace . ` Bale is fine . I have the whole squad available and they are very fresh . If one does n't play , another will . But Bale is at 100 per cent . ' ` Bale had a fantastic season last time and scored in both finals . We hope to play more finals over the coming months and he will be important , like last year , ' he added . Meanwhile , Atletico 's Croatia forward Mario Mandzukic , who has scored five goals in eight Champions League appearances , has recovered from an ankle problem and is set to play , with Fernando Torres likely to be on the bench . Ronaldo will be hoping to add to his tally of eight Champions League goals so far this season . The Portuguese star was in the mood to show off his stunning skills as Real prepared for the Madrid derby .