The extraordinary global obsession with the Fight of the Century has reached the dizzying point where all minute aspects of the lives of Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao are being scrutinised and fed to the watching world . To satisfy that voracious appetite for every snippet leading up to the next Saturday night in the MGM Grand Garden Arena on the Las Vegas Strip each fighter has revealed a dozen oddities about themselves . Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao go head-to-head in Las Vegas on Saturday , May 2 . The two boxers has revealed a dozen oddities about themselves in the build-up to the mega fight . 1 . Twizzlers -LRB- below -RRB- are one of his go-to favourite snacks . 2 . Ramen noodle soup is one of his favourite meals and he does n't like five star restaurants . 3 . He averages over 1000 sit-ups a day during training camp . 4 . He does n't like ketchup or mustard on hot dogs but uses BBQ sauce . 5 . A guilty pleasure is playing Mega Touch and holding the highest scores in every game on there - his favourites are Spades , Dominos and word scrambles . 6 . The movie Troy with Brad Pitt is one he likes to watch over and over again . Mayweather takes his food very seriously . 7 . Every juice he drinks during training camp is made from scratch . 8 . When out to eat , He always orders a glass of hot water to let his silverware soak in the glass before using them . Mayweather is a big fan of the Brad Pitt film . 9 . The tree trunks he has been using to chop wood are brought in from Big Bear and weigh nearly 700 pounds each . 10 . He gets a manicure and pedicure at home once a week during training camp . 11 . He does n't use a microwave , he only eats food cooked and heated up on a stove or in an oven . 12 . His morning routine includes brushing his teeth for 10 minutes . . 1 He eats steamed white rice and chicken or beef broth at almost every meal . 2 . Manny will only drink hot or room temperature water . Never cold water because he feels it is not healthy . 3 . Manny averages over 2,500 sit-ups daily during training camp . Pacquiao works out at a park in Los Angeles . 4 . Manny eats five meals and consumes 8,000 calories daily to keep his weight and energy up . 5 . He regularly has 500 fans follow him on his morning runs in Los Angeles . 6 . Manny starts every morning with a Bible reading . Manny 's favourite snack have bet $ 1m on him . 7 . Manny loves his Butterfinger Peanut Butter Cups . 8 . Over the past 12 months Manny has met with President Obama , President Clinton and Prince Harry . 9 . Pacman , Manny 's nine-year-old Jack Russell terrier and beloved companion , accompanies Manny on all his morning runs and to his workouts at Wild Card . He even has his own frequent flier account . Pacquiao -LRB- left -RRB- with Prince Harry . 10 . Manny is a Lt Colonel in the reserve force of Philippine Army . 11 . Floyd Mayweather will be the third consecutive undefeated world champion Manny has faced in the past 13 months . 12 . Manny is a big photography buff . This week he purchased two Canon flagship cameras - the 1DX -- complete with lenses and accessories .