A shocking surveillance video showing a mob of teenagers beating two high school students on a subway platform has been released . The footage captured at Spring Garden station in Philadelphia on Tuesday shows the group of youngsters viciously attacking the victims just seconds before the train pulls into the station . They then pull them to the ground , punch them and repeatedly stamp on their heads . Brawl : The footage captured at Spring Garden station in Philadelphia on Tuesday shows the group of youngsters viciously attacking the victims . Targeted : They then pull them to the ground and punch them . Other parts of the brawl are hidden from the cameras behind pillars in the subway station . The brawl , involving students from Benjamin Franklin High School , even spilled onto the tracks , with one person falling onto the line during the confrontation . As a train pulls up , both the victims and some of the suspects appear to get on the same carriage . Witnesses tried to intervene , but could n't break up the group as the assailants kept on hitting the helpless youngsters . About a dozen students appear to be egging the fight on which officials have said may have started because of a dispute over a girl . The victims were allegedly followed into the station from the street . As they got onto the platform , someone pointed them out with a signal . Southeastern Pennsylvania Transportation Authority Police Chief Thomas J. Nestel III told Philly.com : ` It 's an outrageous event . This is so dangerous , it 's not even funny . We have operating trains down there . There are passengers waiting for the train ... it 's horrendous . ` We 've identified some potential aggressors . There is a criminal investigation with the school district , '' Nestel said . `` The message that we 're trying to get out is if you act up on SEPTA , we 're going to have a picture of your face and we 're sharing it with the school district . School district spokesman Fernando Gallard also told the news website those involved could be expelled or face serious disciplinary action . ` What we have seen is a brutal violent attack that could that could have ended with a loss of life . ' SEPTA detectives are said to have spoken to the two boys who were victims in the attack . Dangerous : At one point the fight spills onto the tracks when one of the suspected attackers falls onto the line . Brutal : One youngster is seen stamping on the head of one of the victims behind a subway map . Bystanders : The fight continues as the train pulls into the station . Some witnesses do their best to intervene but fail to break the mob up . Gone : Police officers and station staff try to search for the assailants who have all boarded the train .