Match of the Day presenter Gary Lineker has labelled Nigel Farage a 'd *** ' during last night 's leader 's debate . The former England footballer launched the scathing attack on the head of Ukip after leaders from each of the seven largest parties went head-to-head for the first time in the historic TV election debate . Opinion polls produced mixed results on who had ` won ' the contest , with ComRes survey showing that 40 per cent of voters think David Cameron is ` most capable of leading the country ' , while others backed SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon and others putting Ed Miliband ahead . Scroll down for videos . Leader of Ukip Nigel Farage has come under attack for his controversial comments made on the TV election debate last night . Match of the Day pundit Gary Lineker labelled Mr Farage a 'd *** ' after claimed that people with HIV should not be welcomed into Britain for treatment . Mr Farage topped the list for worst and best performing leaders after his controversial comments that people with HIV should not be welcomed into Britain for treatment . The debate spurred a flurry of reaction from footballing stars on Twitter who came out to give their opinions on the leaders . Mr Lineker tweeted : ` Always reluctant to offer a political view , but Farage is a d *** ! ' He took another dig at the Ukip leader later on writing : ` Who would you back ? I reckon Farage would leather it over the bar . And blame the foreign goalkeeper for moving . ' Former Manchester United defender Rio Ferdinand was also left uninspired by the debate , tweeting : ` Unfortunately , none of these people on that stage engage with the generation of today . ' The former England player took another dig at the Ukip leader later on writing : ` Who would you back ? I reckon Farage would leather it over the bar . And blame the foreign goalkeeper for moving ' Former Manchester United defender Rio Ferdinand was also left uninspired by the debate tweeting that the leaders had failed to engage with today 's generation . The Match of the Day presenter launched the scathing attack on the head of Ukip after leaders from each of the seven largest parties went head-to-head for the first time in the historic TV election debate . Mr Miliband , whose hopes of using the debate to catapult him into Number 10 floundered last night , also came under fire . The Labour leader fell flat during the clash , and was left lost for words after being challenged on live TV by Nick Clegg to apologise for Labour crashing the economy . Former Arsenal and Tottenham defender Sol Campbell criticised the Labour leader on Twitter saying : ` I 've captained a number of teams and it 's clear to see Miliband is no leader . ' While Mr Lineker suggested a different way to settle the debate . ` Can this please end with a penalty shoot-out . #leadersdabate . ' It was the first time ever that leaders of the seven largest parties had gone head-to-head in a televised election debate . Both Mr Farage and Labour leader Ed Miliband faced criticism for their performances at the ITV debate . A BBC Spokesperson said : ` Gary has no involvement in any BBC programmes involving news , current affairs or politics . In common with other such presenters , therefore , he is able to express views on personal social media and that has no bearing on the BBC 's impartiality . ' In the first debate of its kind , lots were drawn in advance to agree where each of the leaders will stand and when they get to speak . The seven party leaders clashed repeatedly on spending and the future of the NHS , as Mr Cameron bluntly told Mr Miliband : ` It 's a service not a weapon . ' Mr Farage launched into a controversial rant on ` health tourism ' , complaining about people with HIV who come to Britain in search of treatment . But Miss Wood , leader of Welsh Nationalists Plaid Cymru , won the first significant applause of the night as she accused Mr Farage of ` dangerous scaremongering ' for blaming migrants for problems in the NHS . She told him he should be ` ashamed ' of himself . Mr Farage caused outrage after he said that people with HIV should not be welcomed into Britain for treatment . Former Arsenal and Tottenham defender Sol Campbell got stuck in to Labour leader Ed Miliband saying he was ` no leader ' Mr Lineker suggested a more football-friendly way to end the debate - with a penalty shoot-out . He said : ` Here 's a fact and I 'm sure that other people will be mortified that I dare to talk about it . ` There are 7,000 diagnoses in this country every year for people who are HIV positive . ` It 's not a good place for any of them to be I know , but 60 per cent of them are not British nationals . ` They 're both blaming each other and they 're both right ' - Ed Miliband on David Cameron and Nick Clegg . ` When he was in the Cabinet about half a million people lost their jobs so never mind zero-hours , with Ed there 'd be zero jobs ' - David Cameron on Ed Miliband . ` Nigel Farage talks about ` remember history ' . The Farage family were foreigners once . I 'm married to a foreigner . You are married to a foreigner ' - Nick Clegg to Nigel Farage . ` What 's going on here ? Get real , please ' - Nigel Farage to everyone else . ` The answer is investing more in homes and public services and enforcing a decent minimum wage , not scapegoating immigrants ' - Nicola Sturgeon . ` You do n't have to go on voting for the lesser of two evils . That 's how we ended up with the tired , failed politics that we have now ' - Natalie Bennett . ` It was not Polish care workers or Estonian bar workers who caused this economic crisis - it was bankers ' - Leanne Wood . ` You can come into Britain from anywhere in the world and get diagnosed with HIV and get the retroviral drugs that cost up to £ 25,000 a year per patient . ` I know there are some horrible things happening in many part of the world , but what we need to do is put the National Health Service there for British people and families who in many cases have paid into the system for decades . ' At the end of the historic contest , Mr Miliband said : ` You 've heard from seven leaders tonight . But there 's one fundamental choice . ` If I 'm Prime Minister I will make sure everyone will play by the same rules . If I 'm Prime Minister we will cut the deficit every year . ` I believe that when working people succeed Britain succeeds . If you believe in that too , then I ask for your vote . ' Mr Cameron had the last word , after drawing the final slot , telling viewers : ` I 've been your Prime Minister for the last five years and all that time I 've tried to have one task in mind above all others . ` And that has been turning our economy around , putting the country back to work and clearing up the mess that was left to us . ` I want to stand for another five years because I want us to finish the job that we have all started . We 've created two million jobs . Let 's create a job for everyone that wants and needs one . ' The Prime Minister had been accused ahead of the clash of ` running scared ' after dodging a head-to-head showdown with the Labour leader . After Mr Cameron objected to broadcasters ' plans for three TV debates during the five-and-a-half week campaign , the ITV show marked the only occasion before the May 7 election where the Tory and Labour leaders faced each other .