An Ohio couple have been found dead in an apparent murder-suicide in their stateroom aboard a Holland America cruise ship docked in Puerto Rico . The unidentified man and woman were in their 50s and from Cleveland , police Sgt. Ricardo Cruz told The Associated Press . Cruz said blood was found in the cabin aboard the MS Ryndam , but it was unclear how the couple died . A team of FBI investigators boarded the MS Ryndam after a Cleveland couple were found dead in an apparent murder-suicide as the ship docked in San Juan , Puerto Rico . The bodies were taken off the ship Thursday night by a team of FBI crime scene investigators . Authorities will not say how the couple died . The cruise is expected to get back underway on Friday as it heads to the Virgin Islands . ` We do n't know yet whether an object was used or what the motive was , ' he said . He said the ship 's cleaning crew found the bodies when they checked on the couple after not seeing them for a while . The FBI has taken over the investigation . It was unclear exactly when the couple died . The ship departed Tampa , Florida , on Sunday for a two-week cruise in the southern Caribbean . It stopped in Key West on Monday and then spent two days at sea before docking in historic Old San Juan on Thursday , Holland America spokesman Erik Elvejord said . Passengers say they had no idea of what had happened - only that they had to wait a long time to disembark from the ship . Passengers were horrified when they learned what had happened in a stateroom aboard the ship . ` We are terribly saddened by this tragic event , ' the company said in a statement . Cruise ship passengers said they were not aware of what had happened . ` This is a shock to me , ' said Mark Moore of Watertown , New York , who was traveling with his wife . He said the crew had roped off part of the ship and hung a sheet in the hallway as passengers disembarked around noon . Other baffled passengers said they were never told what happened aboard the ship - only that there was a big holdup as they tried to disembark when the ship docked at San Jaun , according to WAPA-TV . Then , a large team of FBI crime scene technicians arrived , along with local police and other FBI agents . The Ryndam was scheduled to depart Puerto Rico late Thursday and arrive in St. Thomas on Friday .