Tragedy : Dr. Frederic Brandt was battling with extreme depression before his suicide on Sunday a police report revealed on Tuesday . A friend insists Fredric Brandt was offended by a character on Tina Fey 's new TV show that bore uncanny similarities to him - despite initial claims he ` laughed it off ' . The cosmetologist killed himself on Easter Sunday , weeks after the March 6 launch of The Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt on Netflix . In it , Martin Short plays a caricatured white-haired cosmetologist called Dr Franff with an inordinate amount of fillers in his face . Friends admit Brandt identified the resemblance - but most claim he jovially pointed it out and laughed . However , another friend , hair colorist Kyle White , told the New York Times his reaction was a front . ` He never thought it was fun , ' White told the paper . ` He was about putting on a happy face in public . ' The character has been targeted as a ` breaking point ' for Brandt , who had allegedly started spending his Saturday nights at home injecting himself with fillers . One of his clients and friends Rosemary Hayt told the paper she spotted syringes for fillers in his bathroom at home in Chelsea , New York . She said : ` I thought , `` Oh , Fred , this is n't a good thing to be doing alone on a Saturday night . '' ` It was disturbing thing , and I did n't want to think about it . ' According to a growing body of voices , this worrying behavior was exacerbated by The Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt . Sources close to Brandt said the doctor , who suffered from depression , told People magazine he was ` definitely hurt ' by an apparent portrayal of himself on the Netflix show . The friend called the Kimmy Schmidt send up ` bullying , ' but added that it did not cause his suicide . Sources were today opening up about how Brandt was wounded by the characterization - though they said that this suicide could not be pinned on one insulting TV show . A friend speaking to People said : ` It was making fun of him for the way he looked and it was mean and it was bullying . ' ... It was n't the only thing troubling him , it was just one factor . It definitely hurt him . He was absolutely upset , who would want that ? But that was not why he committed suicide . But it did n't help . ' Another source , speaking to the New York Daily News , said that Brandt had become fixated on his appearance and cried in front of patients . The source said : ` He worked 15-hour days , his office was jam-packed , and I paid him a compliment . He was so sensitive he started to cry . He said how awful the public was , and how mean people are . He was really affected by negative feedback . ' Scroll down for videos . Discovery : Dr. Brandt was found by a friend inside his home early on Sunday morning having taken his own life . Startling resemblance : Dr ` Franff ' -LRB- played by Martin Short -RRB- -- his name was Grant , but Franff is how he pronounced it due to all the surgery and injectables he 'd presumably had - is lampooned in Tina Fey 's Netflix show Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt . Brandt worked with stars including Madonna , Stephanie Seymour and Jane Holzer . Left , the doctor is pictured with morning show host Kelly Ripa in 2011 at his Dr Fredric Brandt 's SiriusXM launch and right , with comedian Joy Behar at the same event . Speaking out : Jeff Richmond , left in New York City today , spoke out on Monday over the death of Dr Fredric Brandt . The plastic surgeon was reportedly upset over his portrayal in Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt , which Richmond 's wife Tina Fey , right with Martin Short , created and for which Richmond has producing credits . A police report into the tragic passing of the celebrity plastic surgeon revealed Brandt was suffering suicidal tendencies for just 10 days before he killed himself . Brandt was discovered hanged inside the garage of his Coconut Grove home by his friend , John Joseph Hupert , at around 9.15 am on Easter Sunday morning . According to the police report , Hupert was concerned for his friend and was staying with the doctor because he was suicidal . The last time Hupert said he had seen Brandt alive was around 11.30 pm on Saturday . The police report says that Brandt 's psychiatrist Dr Saida Koita had become so worried for her patients state of mind that she ordered Hupert to stay with him to monitor him . She also revealed she had him on daily medication and was seeing him everyday for therapy sessions . When DailyMail.com asked Tina Fey 's husband Jeff Richmond about Brandt 's death near his home in New York City 's Upper West Side , he said he had n't been aware of it . Richmond is an executive producer and music composer on his wife 's show . He said : ` That 's very sad . I do n't know anything about it . I just got home . Tina might know , I do n't . She 's not home . ' Brandt was highly-regarded for his cosmetic work across the industry , with high-profile stars including Madonna , Stephanie Seymour and Kelly Ripa . The doctor was found dead at his Coconut Grove mansion in Miami where he lived alone with his dogs . Report : The police report reveals that Dr. Fredric Brandt was suffering from extreme depression before his death and wanted to kill himself . Report : The report reveals the circumstances in which the body of Brandt was discovered inside his Miami home . Successful businessman : Dermatologist Dr. Frederic Brandt poses for a portrait with his newest additions to his skin-care line in 2013 . Abravanel said that sources told her Dr Brandt was ` devastated ' over comparisons to the enthusiastic doctor on Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt . The plastic surgeon , Dr Franff , in the Netflix comedy , is played by comedy veteran Martin Short and had drawn unflattering comparisons to real-life Dr Brandt . In one scene , where the lead character Kimmy almost gets plastic surgery , the doctor is seen drinking from a hamster feeder . Martin Short had a small role as Dr Franff in one episode of the TV show 's first season . When he is punched by the main character , Kimmy , as she struggles to escape the plastic surgeon 's chair , his face dents like putty - which he then inflates with an air tube . Dr Franff appears in episode four of the first and only season of Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt . He 's a botox-loving plastic surgeon played by Martin Short . The show follows a Kimmy -LRB- Ellie Kemper -RRB- , who was rescued from an underground bunker after years of being held hostage by a cult leader . She then is hired to be a nanny for the step-children of socialite Jacqueline -LRB- Jane Krakowski -RRB- . In the fourth episode of the show , Jacqueline visits Dr Franff to discuss a ` foot lift ' of sorts because she believes that ` feet are the new butts ' . In the fourth episode of the Netflix show 's first and only season , Dr Franff makes a short appearance as a cosmetic doctor who consults with Kimmy -LRB- Ellie Kemper -RRB- and Jacqueline -LRB- Jane Krakowski , pictured -RRB- . Dr Franff 's almost-overly smooth skin and platinum blond hair share a resemblance with that of Dr Fredric Brandt , who is known for being the cosmetic dermatologist of stars including Madonna and Stephanie Seymour . Franff is portrayed as a deranged doctor , whose face is so frozen from plastic surgery and other procedures that he even has trouble forming words at times . In the episode , he cheerily suggests several barbaric-sounding surgeries for Jacqueline , as well as on Kimmy . Franff 's platinum blond hair and tight skin have a stark resemblance to that of cosmetic dermatologist Fredric Brandt . Dr Brandt was famed for his appearance , which displayed many of his dermatology techniques . In a 2014 profile in The New York Times , he said that his goal was to ` restore the face to harmony ' . ` I approach each face with a visual perception , an artistic perception and a medical perception , ' he said . The article , which described the doctor as an ` unnervingly ageless-looking personage ' , said that he was sought out by the rich and famous for his signature Y lifts , where fillers are injected below the cheekbones . It was also widely known that Dr Brandt injected products including Botox , Restylane , Perlane , Juvéderm , Voluma , The Times reported , into his own face , erasing his wrinkles , leaving him with full lips and an ageless quality . The doctor told The Times that people often asked him if he was from Sweden . Brandt grew up in Weequahic neighborhood of Newark , New Jersey where his parents ran a candy store . His father died when he was a teenager and he lost his mother before he graduated from Rutgers University in 1971 . He went on to attend Hahnemann Medical College in Philadelphia . He completed residencies at NYU 's Department of Internal Medicine and then in Dermatology at the University of Miami . He set up a practice in Coral Cables , Miami in 1982 and began part-time work in New York in 1998 but quickly expanded to become one of the most in-demand cosmetic appointments .