Josh Warrington admitted he was bored by the end of his fight against Dennis Tubieron as he eased to a lop-sided points win in Leeds . The 24-year-old has been billed as the next Ricky Hatton due to his impressive fan base and close to 10,000 packed into the First Direct Arena on Saturday night . Accompanied to the ring by Vinnie Jones , the featherweight was never in trouble but failed to deliver the stoppage that had looked a formality during the contest . Josh Warrington -LRB- right -RRB- poses with Vinnie Jones after his victory over Dennis Tubieron . ` A couple of times I thought would get him out of there . I was getting a bit bored by the end , ' Warrington said . ` It was good to get 12 rounds . I want to get some experience under my belt . ' The home favourite also picked up the vacant WBC International title which should improve his current ranking as he chases a world title shot within the next 12 months . Tubieron fought for the same belt last December when he drew with Carlo Magali and the Filipino 's record of 19 wins from 24 fights suggested he would struggle against Warrington who is now unbeaten in 21 contests . The 24-year-old has been billed as the next Ricky Hatton due to his impressive fan base . Warrington admitted he was bored by the end of his fight against Dennis Tubieron -LRB- right -RRB- . Tubieron , a year older than his opponent , had previously boxed at both bantamweight and lightweight before opting to settle for the division in between . And he was certainly the smaller man in the ring as Warrington made a fast start , picking the visitor off with punches to both head and body . Tubieron had previously been stopped twice and was content to fight on the back foot , his face marking up in the second round although the Filipino did attempt to mount a response . He briefly threatened midway through the third session with his first sustained attack but Warrington finished the stronger . Tubieron of the Philippines looks to land a punch during the bout at the First Direct Arena in Leeds . After an even fourth , Tubieron stepped on the accelerator in the fifth before Warrington fought back . Bizarrely , the bell to end the stanza did not ring until four minutes had passed , allowing the home favourite to drive home his advantage . Tubieron looked exhausted as he retreated to his corner but was given a brief break in the sixth round when a beach ball thrown from the crowd interrupted the action . The timekeeper then stopped the action almost 60 seconds early , attempting to rectify his earlier mistake . Judges awarded Warrington a landslide victory by scores of 119-109 twice and and 119-110 . Tubieron looked ready to fold several times during the seventh and eighth rounds before showing remarkable heart to find a response . If there has been a criticism of Warrington 's career to date it is that he lacks the power needed at the top level and despite throwing everything at Tubieron , the Filipino was still standing at the start of the penultimate round . And he deservedly heard the final bell as Warrington failed to deliver the stoppage in the last session before the judges awarded him a landslide victory by scores of 119-109 twice and and 119-110 . Warrington celebrates with his team after defeating Tubieron during the vacant WBC International Featherweight Championship fight .