A father cheated death by just millimetres when his car ploughed into the back of a lorry - yet he walked away with just cuts and bruises . Marcin Wasniewski , 34 , from Foleshill , Coventry , escaped death by millimetres after the car he was driving crashed into the back of a lorry on the A444 in Coventry . At the time , emergency services workers greeted by the twisted metal and scattered debris at the scene said it was incredible the driver was even alive . Merge : An ambulance spokeswoman said the car ` literally embedded ' itself into the back of the lorry . Father Marcin Wasniewski is volunteering at a Christian centre until he can return to work when he has recovered from his injuries . He believes he was saved by Jesus Christ watching over him . Paramedics saw the scene and feared the worst . Ambulance staff and firefighters were working to release him and were shocked to see the driver emerge from the wreckage and walk away unaided . Yet as paramedics and firefighters worked to release him , they were shocked to see him emerge from the wreckage and walk away unaided . Since then , paramedics have said the crash would certainly have been fatal if the impact had been just a couple of inches closer to the driver . Now the dad-of-one has said he believes someone was watching over him that day . ` It was not luck . It was definitely Jesus Christ , son of God , that saved me , ' he said . Marcin suffered a serious injury to the left side of his face , which has left him with a deep scar , and injured his left arm . He 's currently unable to work because of his injuries but he is volunteering for the Christ Celebration Centre in Lockhurst Lane , Foleshill , while he recovers . He also spoke of what he remembers about the night that nearly claimed his life . Father of one Mr Wasniewski said : ` Before the accident I remember everything . I can remember driving along . ` I do n't remember the accident though - when the crash happened everything just went blank . ` The next thing I remembered was waking up in hospital . I left hospital after five days . ' Road to recovery : There 's barely a scratch on Marcin Wasniewski who walked away from the dramatic crash scenes , picture below , after driving into the back of a lorry on the A444 in Coventry . Twisted metal : Paramedics say that the outcome would 've ` certainly been fatal ' if the impact had been just a couple of inches closer to the driver 's side or if a passenger had been in the car . After the crash on March 8 , it was reported how ambulance staff were stunned that Marcin had escaped life-threatening injuries . A West Midlands Ambulance Service spokeswoman had described how thetrailer had ` literally embedded ' itself into the windscreen of the car . She added that while paramedics and firefighters worked to release him , the driver ` got out of the badly damaged car unaided ' . She said : ` Whilst being assessed in the back of the ambulance , paramedics discovered that he had escaped the serious injuries often expected in such a significant collision . ` The paramedic area support officer commented that , if the impact had have been a couple of inches further across into the driver 's side or if there had been a passenger in the car , the outcome would 've certainly been fatal . '