Police searching for missing student Karen Buckley have arrested a 21-year-old man in connection with her death after discovering human remains on a farm outside Glasgow . Officers made the grisly discovery last night as they combed rural land on the outskirts of Milngavie , some nine miles from the Scottish city . Although formal identification is yet to take place , a police spokesman said Miss Buckley 's family had been informed . Police hunting for Karen Buckley have found ` human remains ' on a farm outside the city and arrested a man ` in connection with her death ' Police have taped off High Craigton Farm near Milngavie to the north of Glasgow after making the discovery . A number of plastic barrels were examined during the search , as well as a large metal container . Investigating : Two police stand near a sign for High Craigton Farm near Bearsden , outside Glasgow . Probe : A Police Scotland van was among the vehicles parked at High Craigton Farm near Bearsden last night . Yesterday , police investigating the nurse 's disappearance said they were following a ` definite line of enquiry ' . Last night police moved their search from a park in Glasgow - where the nurse 's handbag had been found - to a farm , graveyard and golf course near a rural road in the Stirlingshire countryside . Police then cordoned off land to the north of Glasgow , near High Craigton farm and Windyhill Golf Club . The land lies near Bearsden , on a country road between Milngavie and Drymen . One of the fire service vehicles was said to be an Environmental Protection Unit , which deals with incidents involving hazardous chemicals and environmental contamination . Earlier this morning , a Police Scotland spokesman said : ` Police Scotland officers have recovered human remains on a farm in the north Glasgow , on the outskirts of Milngavie . ` Formal identification has yet to take place , however , police believe that they may be those of missing woman Karen Buckley . Relatives are aware . Enquiries are continuing . ' Miss Buckley 's parents , who had flown over from Ireland to join the hunt , said yesterday that their daughter 's disappearance was totally out of character and that they were ` desperate ' for her safe return . The probe had been stepped up amid ` grave concerns ' for the 24-year-old 's welfare . Ms Buckley , originally from Cork , was last seen on CCTV leaving the city 's Sanctuary nightclub with a man at 1 am on Sunday . Karen Buckley , 24 , pictured -LRB- far left -RRB- with friends before going to a nightclub on the night she went missing . A spokesman for Police Scotland said last night that officers are now following ` a definite line of inquiry ' Police yesterday sealed off High Craigton Farm near Bearsden , outside Glasgow , in the search for Ms Buckley . Sniffer dogs , forensic teams and specialist divers were all involved in the search . Last night , there was intense activity at the farm when fire engines and major incident trucks moved in . This map shows the outbuildings in woods near to High Craigton Farm , between Glasgow and the Stirlingshire village of Drymen , where ` human remains ' were found . He told police he thought she was fine and had arranged transport home , some four miles across the city . But she never arrived . Yesterday , officers searched a park in the north-east of the city , Dawsholm Park . Miss Buckley 's black handbag - which she was carrying on the night of her disappearance - was later found there by a member of the public . Divers also searched the River Kelvin , which borders the area . A police helicopter also circled between the villages of Milngavie and Drymen , where a grey car linked to the search was seen on Monday . With the time since Miss Buckley went missing passing 70 hours , police stepped up the search yesterday . Yesterday , forensics teams searched around the flat where she was last seen , as concerns grew about her safety . Detective Superintendent Jim Kerr has said : ` Our absolute priority is to find Karen Buckley ' The student is said to have left a flat in the north-west of the city at 4 am intending to walk home . Friends say Miss Buckley had left the nightclub in the early hours of Sunday morning without collecting her coat , telling them she was going to the toilet . They have since said that Miss Buckley had been drinking but was not drunk . CCTV cameras filmed her talking to a man outside the club before getting into a car and travelling to his flat in nearby Kelvindale . Miss Buckley , who is brunette and 5ft 2in , was wearing a black jumpsuit and red heels when she was seen leaving the flat in Kelvindale at around 4 am . A team of police officers resume the search for Miss Buckley in Dawsholm Park in Glasgow yesterday morning . The family of Miss Buckley , who is from Cork in the Republic of Ireland , have flown to Scotland to help with the search for the Glasgow Caledonian University student . Her mother Marion told a press conference in Glasgow : ` We just want Karen home safely , we are desperate . She is our only daughter , we love her dearly . ` If anybody has any information please come forward , we would dearly appreciate it . ' Her father John Buckley , 62 , added : ` We are extremely concerned for her . We are desperate to get her back and safe with her family - she is our only daughter , we love her dearly and just want her to come home safe and sound . ` She always keeps in contact with her family and friends to let them know where she is and what she is up to . ` To not return to her flat or be in contact with her pals - not responding to texts and calls to her mobile is very , very worrying as it is so out of character . ' Two months ago Miss Buckley moved to Glasgow two months ago to study occupational therapy at the university . She previously worked as a nurse in Essex . Police have found Miss Buckley 's handbag , believed to be that circled -LRB- left -RRB- , in a park where the search continued yesterday -LRB- right -RRB- . As well as a thorough search of Dawsholm Park , officers were seen scouring the gardens near a flat . They taped off a large pile of rubbish around the back of the building and sifted through the bins and waste . Detective Superintendent Jim Kerr , from Police Scotland 's major investigations teams , said yesterday : ` We 've traced the man she was with in Dorchester Avenue . He believes he was intimate with her at his flat consensually in the early hours of Sunday . ' The police officer added : ` From what we can see , she does not appear to be under duress , there 's no signs of a struggle or reluctance on her part to leave the club . ' Police are also keen to find out more about a grey car that was seen on the roads between Milngavie and Drymen north of Glasgow between 11 am and 3 pm on Monday . Mr Kerr said : ` The activity of this grey car on the Monday is something that we 're a wee bit concerned about . This car has been seen at various locations on these roads and I want to know why . ' Speaking of Miss Buckley , Mr Kerr added : ` We know she left the club with her handbag -- which has been found - but left her coat behind and so far has not returned to pick it up . ` Why she left so suddenly without telling her friends we just do n't know -- it was very much out of character -- she is usually very good at keeping in touch with pals . ' Miss Buckley 's parents Marian and John have travelled to Glasgow from Cork to help in the search . He added : ` We are gravely concerned that Karen has come to some harm , whether that is down to foul play , criminality or she has taken unwell or had an accident is obviously still to be established . ' Meanwhile , in Ms Buckley 's home in north Cork a special prayer service was arranged for local people to show support for the family . The private Mass of Hope , as it was being described , was held last night at the Church of Saint Michael The Archangel , Mourneabbey , near the town of Mallow . William Crean , Catholic Bishop of Cloyne , led the prayers and urged the people of Mourneabbey to pray for Ms Buckley 's safe return and to pray for her parents , and her brothers Brendan , Kieran and Damian . ` I invite all people of goodwill to join with me in prayer for everyone who is involved in the search for Karen at this time , ' he said . The search continued this morning as officers combed the area for potential clues . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .