A wartime scientist has revisited the secret underground factory where she helped build aircraft engines 70 years since the end of the Second World War . Mary Cartwright was 20 when she was called up to work in the laboratory at Drakelow Shadow Factory in Kidderminster , Worcestershire , in 1943 . She spent two years testing metal for Bristol aircraft engines in the site 's underground laboratory , working as the only woman in her department . Now , 70 years after leaving her position , the 91-year-old great-grandmother has revisited the now defunct factory . Mary Cartwright revisited Drakelow Underground Factory in Kidderminster , Worcestershire , where more than 700 people worked during the war -LRB- right -RRB- to produce aircraft engines . Now 91 , the great grandmother tested metal for aircraft engines . Revisiting the site with her son , David , Mrs Cartwright said it was ` strange ' to see it so quiet . She worked as the only woman in its laboratory between 1943 and 1945 . Built in 1943 , the factory became known as Drakelow Tunnels for its vast network of underground paths spread over three-and-a-half miles . It was one of 26 ` shadow ' sites set-up to mass produce engines and parts for military aircraft and tanks that were built underground or into hillside so that production could continue if bombed . Designed by Rover at the behest of the Air Ministry , Drakelow employed 700 people when Mrs Cartwright began working there . Arriving every day at 8.30 am , she used scientific formulas to analyse the ratio of metals in shavings given to her by ` the men ' . Spanning more than three miles , the site became known as the Drakelow Tunnels for its vast network of secret passageways . The entrance to one of the tunnels which are built into hillside beneath Kingsford Country Park , Kidderminster . Another of the tunnels ' entrances in Kingsford Country Park . While built at road level it is 300ft from the top of the hill . Set up by Rover under the instruction of the Air Ministry , Drakelow was one of 26 ` underground ' factories established to allow production lines to continue if the country came under fire . With more than 700 people working at the site at a time it was one of the largest underground factories during the war . Mrs Cartwright was sent to work there in 1943 after being called up at the age of 20 . She had wanted to join the Civil Service beforehand . A stretch of offices in the underground factory . Their windows were high up so that staff would not be distracted by co-workers walking by . The kitchen where staff would have eaten during one of the long , underground shifts . Mrs Cartwright had no previous experience when she was called up , but said she ` just got on with the job ' Mrs Cartwright said while the tunnels were built to protect production lines from bombing , by the time she began working at Drakelow the worst of the raids had already hit the country . Right , a newspaper cutting from 1941 detailing the deaths of three men killed when one of the tunnels collapsed during ` excavating operations ' ` I 'd had no experience at the time , someone , I think my sister-in-law , just gave me a book which told me how to do it and I just got on with it , ' Mrs Cartwright told MailOnline . ` The metal could come in and it would be one of the men who would drill it into shavings . I 'd dissolve it in acid and then put something on it that would allow me to analyse it so I could find how much nickle , chrome etc was in each part . ' The only woman in the laboratory , Mrs Cartwright had wanted to serve in the army before being called up . ` In a way it was luck of the draw an din a way it was n't . I wanted to go into the forces but parents in those days told you what to do and mine said : `` no , you 'll go into industry . '' ' Earning £ 3 a week , she was also tasked with taking photographs of the metal for developing in a dark room next door . While the factory 's design was so carried out to avoid raids , the worst of the bombing across Britain had already occurred by the time Mrs Cartwright took up work , she said . ` They started building the tunnels in 1941 , quite late in the war . Around that time we were being badly bombed but never when I was there . ' The site was restored in the 1980s by the Ministry of Defence which installed two KW generators . Tunnel 4 , one of the main passageways used during the Second World War to shuttle workers to their stations . After the war ended , Mrs Cartwright trained as a teacher and spent years teaching P.E. in Worcester . She met her late husband , Cecil Cartwright , after the war had ended and the pair married in 1953 . Revisiting the Drakelow Tunnels with one of her sons , John , the great-grandmother said it was ` strange ' to see it so quiet . In 1936 , the Air Ministry approached the car manufacturer Rover , asking them to help with wartime production . By 1939 , all motoring production had ceased and the company had begun working solely on aircraft parts and engines . But when its Coventry factory was blitzed , bosses cited the need for a more secure setting to allow production to continue . Shadow Factories were then created . Built underground , safe from the shelling of Hitler 's army , workers were free to work on engines for military aircraft and tanks . A canteen that was reused during the Cold War when Drakelow Factory became a Government bunker . The Drakelow site was one of the largest , spanning more than three miles . Built into Kingsford Country Park , the factory is 300ft from the top of the hill but is in fact at road level . It was used to produce aircraft engines specifically for four models of Bristol aircraft ; the Pegasus , Hercules , Centaur and Mercury . When demand wavered at the end of the war some staff were kept on to continue working on tanks . Production of the Meteor Tank Engine continued until 1952 when parts became surplus to requirements . All production stopped indefinitely thee years later when the site was handed over to the Ministry of Works . In 1961 the Government converted half of the tunnels to become a nuclear-safe bunker known as Regional Seat of Government . By the 1980s it had been modernised again with new blast doors fitted to meet updated requirements . It was decommissioned and sold to a private company in the early 1990s and remains in their ownership . ` All my memories are of a bustling hive of activity . I did enjoy my time there , it was certainly an experience . I just got on with it . ' The Drakelow Tunnels or Shadow Factory was one of 26 of the same kind across the UK , built into the ground or landscape . During the war it was used to produce engine parts for four Bristol aircraft - Hercules , Pegasus , Centaur and Mercury . For a short while afterward the war production continued but to create parts for army tanks . The site is owned by a private Swiss company , though historians are eager to turn it into a permanent museum .