A boy of 13 has become one of the UK 's youngest murderers after he was jailed for killing a woman he had just mugged by stamping on her face so hard it left a footprint on her cheek . Shocking CCTV footage shows the horrendous moment Petri Kurti murdered 47-year-old Glynis Bensley before he fled to a nearby park in Smethwick , West Midlands and boasted about the savage attack . The schoolboy , who can be named after a judge lifted a reporting restriction order , was jailed for a minimum of 12 years today and will be on licence for life . His co-defendant , Zoheb Majid , was sentenced to 10 years behind bars for manslaughter and robbery . Scroll down for video . CCTV of the attack was shown in court , with 13-year-old Kurti seen jumping Ms Bensley as she walked home . Co-defendant Majid then joined in , with the pair leaving her for dead in a pool of her own blood . Killed : Glynis Bensley was murdered by Petri Kurti , 13 , as she walked home in Smethwick , West Midlands . Sentencing Judge John Warner said the boy had been ` running wild ' in his home life . ` You come from a home where there has been a complete lack of boundaries or structure where neither parents understand the seriousness of your behaviour - they blame others . ` This reinforces your own clear reluctance to take responsibility for your own actions . ' Previously the court heard how the pair had teamed up with the sole intention of carrying out a violent robbery . CCTV footage captured Kurti jumping Ms Bensley in the street as she made her way home from Seven Stars pub . Majid joined in seconds later before the pair flipped her body over to ransack her pockets . Kurti was then filmed stamping on her face , leaving a shoe print on her skin . The court previously heard that both Majid and the teenager thought Ms Bensley was a man because of her clothes and haircut . He pleaded guilty to manslaughter but was found guilty of murder following a trial last month . Kurti had been excluded from school and a pupil referral unit for his aggressive behaviour , and as young as he was , already had previous convictions for attempted theft , assault with intent to steal and battery . He sentenced the 13-year-old to 12 years imprisonment for the murder with five years concurrent for robbery . Also jailed : Zoheb Majid , 20 , was sentenced to 10 years imprisonment for manslaughter and robbery . He was given another 12 months , to run concurrently , for another street robbery carried out with his 25-year-old sister whilst on bail for the murder on February 4 . The teenager was ordered to be detained at Her Majesty 's Pleasure - the equivalent of a minimum term life sentence for a youth . Judge Warner added while Kurti had boasted of the attack afterwards , he demonstrated ` criminal maturity ' . ` I 'm in no doubt that she was targeted by you both , selected to be robbed ' he continued . ` She was chosen by you because she was clearly in a vulnerable condition . ` It started with you Petri Kurti punching her and she went to the ground . ` She suffered a minimum of two blows . There was a clear print of a shod foot visible on her cheek , she had been stamped in the face . ` You Petri Kurti were just 13 when you committed this murder , on the streets late at night effectively running wild . ` This was a murder committed for gain , a night time robbery . The victim was vulnerable and targeted as such . ` Zoheb Majid , you 're about to turn 21 . ` You knew what you were doing and knew what you were involved in . You knew the victim of this night time robbery was a vulnerable person . ' Earlier the court was told Kurti ` was not a mature ' 13-year-old . His solicitor , Michael Turner QC , said : ` He 's operating at a level of a seven to 11-year-old in terms of his cognitive ability . ` He has real learning difficulties . He accepted the act that caused the death and limited the decision of the jury to one of intent . Distraught family : Ms Bensley 's siblings , Dawn and Harry Bensley , were at Wolverhampton Crown Court today to see their sister 's killer jailed . ` He is susceptible to control and influence by those older than him . ' After their sentencing Ms Bensley 's family spoke of their horror that the 13-year-old had been out so late and behaving in such a violent way . ` It opens your eyes to a different world . We are talking two o'clock , four o'clock in the morning - that is not a normal 13-year-old , ' said John Bensley , 60 . ` They are cowards , the way they did it . She was an easy target . ' ` Justice has been done . If it had n't happened to Glynis it would have happened to someone else . It could have happened to anybody . ` They seemed a bit arrogant in court , there was no remorse . They are not sorry , they are sorry they have been caught . '' Paying tribute to the charity worker , Ms Bensley 's sister , Dawn , said : ` She loved working for charities . She just liked to help people , she would help anybody . '' Detective Chief Inspector Samantha Ridding said the pair had intended to target someone in a violent robbery . Her brother Kevin , 53 , added : ` Glynis had walked down that road for 30 years and never had a problem . ` She walked the same way for 30 years , they must have crossed paths before . Whether he was 13 , 33 , or 53 , it does n't make it any easier . ' Leading the investigation Detective Chief Inspector Sam Ridding said : ` It was clearly the joint intention of the pair to use violence on anyone they targeted : they were in it together as the CCTV showed - they arrived within seconds of each other . ` Ms Bensley was tragically in the wrong place at the wrong time and was randomly picked out by the pair believing that she was a man and that she was wearing a gold bracelet . ` Our thoughts remain with Glynis ' family at this time and we hope that today 's sentencing will provide some help in their grieving process . '