The Transportation Security Administration will ` enhance ' officer training for hair pat-downs after complaints that African-American women were being racially targeted for unnecessary screenings . New training will commence at Los Angeles International Airport , one of the airports named in the complaint filed by the American Civil Liberties Union . The complaint was filed on behalf of Malaika Singleton , who said she was subjected to a hair pat-down with weeks of each other while traveling from Los Angeles to London in December 2013 . The Transportation Security Administration will ` enhance ' officer training for hair pat-downs after complaints that African-American women were being racially targeted for unnecessary screenings -LRB- file photo -RRB- . According to an ACLU statement , TSA agents grabbed Singleton 's hair , which was styled in tightly-wound ` sisterlocks , ' and proceeded to ` squeeze it from top to bottom ' at LAX airport . Singleton 's hair was patted down again two weeks later during a layover at Minneapolis International Airport and , once again , nothing was found . New training will commence at Los Angeles International Airport , one of the airports named in the complaint filed by the American Civil Liberties Union . ` The humiliating experience on countless black women who are routinely targeted for hair pat-downs because their hair is `` different '' is not only wrong , but also a great misuse of TSA agents ' time and resources , ' Novella Coleman , Singleton 's ACLU attorney , said in a statement . In a letter sent to Coleman , the TSA said the re-training will stress ` race neutrality ' , and that a special emphasis will be placed on the ` hair patdowns of African-American female travelers ' . TSA said the administration will also track of pat-down complaints filed by African-American women throughout the country to ` assess whether a discriminatory impact may be occurring at a specific ' airport , according to the letter posted by Buzzfeed . This is not the first time TSA 's pat-down policy has come under harsh light . Solange Knowles claimed in 2012 she was racially profiled while going through security at Miami airport , dubbing it ` Discrim-FRO-nation ' because she wears her hair in the Afro style . ` My hair is not a storage drawer , ' she tweeted . An agency spokesman later told CNN that the ` advanced imaging technology machine ' only shows ` an outline of an individual ' that was ` the same for every single person ' . ` If the hair area is highlighted , the machine may have picked up an anomaly or a possible threat in the head area ' , such as bobby pins , hair and extension clips , or head wraps . Solange Knowles claimed in 2012 she was racially profiled while going through security at Miami airport , dubbing it ` Discrim-FRO-nation ' because she wears her hair in the Afro style . But ACLU said it was these kinds of ` subjective rules ' that made the agency more susceptible to ` unconsciously interpret the circumstances in a way that is consistent with racial stereotypes ' . In a statement released Friday , the TSA said they do not tolerate racial profiling , according to The Hill . ` Not only is racial profiling prohibited under DHS and agency policy , but it is also an ineffective security tactic . ' Coleman told the Huffington Post she will be looking for ` clear and objective guidelines ' from the TSA when she attends the LAX training later this month .