Andy King thinks his 50th goal for Leicester City could prove to be his most important yet . Coming in the 86th minute of Saturday 's match it was by no means his most spectacular , a mere flick from six yards out enough to take the ball past Adrian after a scuffed Jamie Vardy shot . But it was enough to defeat West Ham in a frenetic match and breathe life back into the side he has spent his whole career playing for . Andy King was the hero as Premier League strugglers Leicester City struck late to earn a vital three points . King is joined by David Nugent to celebrate his goal , the 50th he has scored for his club . Leicester remain at the foot of the Barclay 's Premier League table , a spot they have occupied since November , and four points from safety . But King , 26 , thinks the momentum they are taking into the final eight matches of the season could be enough to propel them above the drop zone . ` I 've scored some pretty crucial goals before , but we might look back at the end of the season and that might turn out to be the most important one yet , ' said King , . ` It 's always nice to score for the only club you 've ever played for . I 've had a brilliant journey with this club . ` I 've been on 49 for a long time , and I 've been in the Premier League for a good few months now - I was hoping it would 've come earlier but I 've ticked that milestone off now and I 'm delighted about that . Nigel Pearson admits Leicester survival is still a ` big ask ' despite win over West Ham . Pearson congratulates goalscorer Cambiasso after the final whistle of his side 's win against the Hammers . ` But most importantly it was about getting the three points and we have a lot of work to do between now and the end of the season to make sure we 're a Premier League team next season . ` We 've played well enough to prove we can survive and we 've not turned it into results - this is a results business . That proves to everyone - not just ourselves - that we mean business . ' Leicester manager Nigel Pearson praised King , who he brought off the bench with 12 minutes to play and said his team were finally getting the results they deserved after several games this season where they have drawn or lost despite dominating . ` I would love to be a lucky manager who plays crap and wins but we have not been that , ' he said . King says his goal against West Ham may turn out to be his most important for the club if they stay up . ` It would be a pretty grumpy man who would n't let them enjoy winning but we have to keep our destiny in our own hands . ' His opposite number Sam Allardyce denied West Ham were ` drifting ' towards the end of the season having won just twice in the last 14 games . ` We 're not drifting but where we 're failing is we 're not as clinical as we used to be . Lads in their first season have found out what physical and mental attributes are needed for a long premier league season . '