These rusting ` ghost ' ships are the last remnants of what was once the United States ' National Defense Reserve Fleet , set to protect and serve in the hour of need . The NDRF was set up in the wake of the Second World War , and at its peak in the 1950s , the fleet consisted of nearly 2,280 ships moored across the United States . But as the need for the fleet has diminished , so has the number of vessels , and today , just over 120 ships remain , posing a risk to the environment in the bays where they are moored . Scroll down for video . Ghost ships : A number of the remaining ships in the United States ' National Defense Reserve Fleet lay moored in James River , Virginia . Helping hand : The United States ' National Defense Reserve Fleet was set up after the Second World War in 1945 , in order to provide back-up in case of war or national emergencies . Diminished : At its height in 1950 , the NDRF consisted of 2,277 ships , reduced to 230 by 2007 , and 122 in April last year . The ships , jokily known as the ` Mothball Fleet ' , is so rarely used that many of the ships are falling apart , creating naval graveyards rather than emergency fleets . At its height in 1950 , the NDRF consisted of 2,277 ships at eight anchorage sites : James River , Virginia ; Beaumont , Texas ; Suisun Bay , California ; Stony Point , New York ; Wilmington , North Carolina ; Mobile , Alabama ; Astoria , Oregon ; and Olympia , Washington . Out of these eight , only James River , Beaumont and Suisun Bay exist today . Long years of neglect and disuse have turned these ships into near wrecks , with flaking paint polluting the waters with heavy metals and hazardous chemicals . The worst affected is the Suisun Bay Reserve Fleet , where less than 50 ships remain . At its peak , in 1952 , the bay had 340 ships anchored . Today , less than 50 ships remain , slowly polluting the bay , which is a critical environmental area for fish and wildlife . The federal Maritime Administration has pledged to dismantle the fleet at Suisun Bay , with 25 ships in the worst condition taken out within two years and the remainder to be scrapped by the end of 2017 . Reduced : Out of the original eight anchorage sites , only three ; James River , Virginia ; Beaumont , Texas and Suisun Bay , California remain . Pollution : The worst affected mooring side is Suisun Bay in California where less than 50 ships remain , slowly releasing toxins into the bay . Going , gone : At its peak , in 1952 , the Suisun Bay , California site had 340 ships anchored - today , less than 50 ships remain . The federal Maritime Administration has pledged to dismantle the fleet at Suisun Bay , with 25 ships in the worst condition taken out within two years and the remainder to be scrapped by the end of 2017 . The NDRF was established to serve as a reserve of mainly merchant vessels to be activated for national defense and national emergency purposes . The vessels can be activated within 20 days to four months , in order to provide shipping during national emergencies , either military or non-military , such as commercial shipping crises . Throughout its first thirty years , the National Defense Reserve Fleet vessels were activated to help transporting coal and grains in times of shortage , and ships were brought in during the Korean War , the 1961 Berlin crisis and the Vietnam War . After the fall of Saigon in 1975 , the National Defense Reserve Fleet was augmented by the Ready Reserve Fleet -LRB- RFF -RRB- to provide for military emergencies . Since then , ships have been activated to support U.S. troops and transport cargo in the Gulf War in 1990 and aided in several humanitarian disasters in the new millennium . In 2005 , four National Defense Reserve Fleet ships were used for relief operations in the aftermath of hurricanes Katrina and Rita , and five years later , six were used in the wake of the devastating earthquake in Haiti . Its most recent operation took place in the wake of Hurricane Sandy in 2012 , when two National Defense Reserve Fleet training vessels were called in . As of April 30 , 2014 , only 122 vessels are left in the NDRF , and their numbers are reducing still . Zombie ship : One of the ships moored in Suisun Bay , California is covered in rust , slowly eating up the once-gray paint . No life : Long years of neglect and disuse have turned the ships into near wrecks , with flaking paint polluting the waters with heavy metals and hazardous chemicals . The ships , jokily known as the ` Mothball Fleet ' is so rarely used that many of the ships are falling apart , creating naval graveyards rather than emergency fleets .