Nuts are a source of useful nutrients and have other health benefits - just this month , a study found that peanuts can increase the levels of friendly bacteria in the gut and ward off food poisoning . Here , we look at some of other the plus points ... Brazils . One of the best dietary sources of the mineral selenium . Two Brazil nuts provide 100 per cent of our daily required dose of 75 micrograms . Selenium is needed for the production of antibodies , important for a healthy immune system , and the hormone thyroxine , needed to regulate metabolism . Researchers have also found it activates an antioxidant that helps reduce the risk of bladder and prostate cancer . Almonds . You need to eat just ten almonds to get your daily requirement of calcium -LRB- 700 mg -RRB- . You need to eat just ten almonds to get your daily requirement of calcium -LRB- 700 mg -RRB- , important for healthy bones . They are also rich in vitamin E , which helps improve the condition and appearance of your skin . Almonds are high in fibre , too . Eat them with the skin on as this contains antioxidants that help protect body cells from inflammatory damage . Cashews . A good source of iron . A 30 g serving provides around 2 mg : a woman needs 14.8 mg a day and a man 8.7 mg . However , iron from cashews is not as easily absorbed as iron from meat , says dietitian Dr Sarah Schenker . ` Vitamin C boosts absorption of iron from non-meat sources , so eat cashews with a kiwi fruit , in a salad with peppers and tomatoes or with a small glass of orange juice . ' Walnuts . These are rich in plant-based omega 3 fatty acids and antioxidants , which have been shown to reduce the risk of the eye condition age-related macular degeneration , and cognitive decline . In a two-year study , researchers at the University of Barcelona are looking at the effects of eating 28 g of walnuts -LRB- seven shelled nuts -RRB- every day in preventing these conditions . Walnuts have also been shown to help protect against heart disease . Peanuts . Technically , these are legumes , as they grow underground , but a study published last month in JAMA Internal Medicine found they are in the same nutritional league as ` tree ' nuts . They are packed with fibre and protein , so keep you feeling satisfied . ` They are nutrient dense and have a low glycaemic index , which means they help stabilise blood sugar levels , ' says Dr Schenker . A handful of peanuts contains 180 calories , but Dr Schenker says the calories in nuts are over-estimated . ` They are not that easily absorbed , so you receive only two-thirds of their potential energy . ' Vitamin C boosts absorption of iron from non-meat sources , so eat cashews with a kiwi fruit . Mixed nuts . A handful -LRB- 28g -RRB- of mixed nuts a day reduces the risk of heart disease by 29 per cent and cuts the risk of dying from cancer by 11 per cent , according to a 2013 study in the New England Journal of Medicine . A 30-year study of 120,000 people also showed the more often they ate nuts , the lower the risk of premature death , thanks to the various health benefits . A study found the more often people ate nuts , the lower the risk of premature death .