Suddenly , after close to 14 years of international football and just 33 caps , Michael Carrick is the answer for England . He was very impressive against Italy in a friendly , true ; and he has been an important influence on Manchester United 's revival . Yet it would be unfortunate in the extreme if four consecutive England managers had all failed to spot a game-changing wizard in their midst . Here 's the reality . Carrick has made nine competitive starts for England , and the majority have been ordinary at best . He played in the match against Ecuador in the 2006 World Cup , in which England were saved by a David Beckham free-kick , and was then dropped and replaced by the more energetic Owen Hargreaves for the quarter-final with Portugal . Michael Carrick played against Ecuador at the 2006 World Cup but was dropped for the quarter-final . England have won just four competitive matches when Carrick started , including against Poland . Carrick -LRB- left -RRB- played in the 2-0 defeat by Croatia which went a long way to England missing out on Euro 2008 . Under Steve McClaren he started in the disastrous double header of a 0-0 home draw with Macedonia followed by a 2-0 defeat in Croatia -- the results that effectively cost England 's place at the 2008 European Championship . He was also part of unconvincing performances in Poland and , particularly , Montenegro under Roy Hodgson . England have won four competitive games in which Carrick has started -- against Ecuador , and then San Marino , Poland and Lithuania , all at home . Ecuador were feisty opponents and Carrick struggled to match their intensity ; the same in the second half in Montenegro , when England were overwhelmed and fortunate not to lose . The home draw with Macedonia -- more than either defeat to Croatia -- was the worst result of McClaren 's reign . Carrick was hailed after an impressive performance for England in their friendly draw with Italy last week . Carrick has also been impressive in Manchester United 's midfield under Louis van Gaal this season . So the idea that England managers are fools for consistently preferring Steven Gerrard and Frank Lampard is misguided . Carrick had chances throughout his career , and little changed . Equally , in less than one year , between May 30 , 2009 , and May 9 , 2010 , Lampard scored more goals for club and country than Carrick has in his entire career . Gerrard took slightly longer -- outscoring Carrick in entirety between October 24 , 2007 and December 13 , 2008 . And it was n't as if Lampard and Gerrard could n't pass or put a tackle in , too . Maybe Carrick has improved with age . Maybe he is the best around right now . He certainly deserves to be judged on his current performances , not his past . Just do n't think that there is n't a reason why his international career underwhelms . They 're not all idiots , these England managers .