Legendary Barcelona captain Carles Puyol is believed to be training with a view to ending his retirement from football for a lucrative end-of-career spell in Qatar or the United States . Puyol won six La Liga titles and enjoyed three Champions League wins at Barca and is considered to be one of the finest defenders of his generation having been named in UEFA 's European team of the year six times across a trophy-laden career . The 36-year-old retired last May after 15 years at his boyhood club having struggled to return from a persistent knee injury , but now reports claim he could be set for a return to playing with New York City or Al-Sadd after returning to training . Barcelona legend Carles Puyol is said to be training ahead of a return to playing in either the US or Qatar . The 36-year-old retired last May after struggling to return from a persistent knee injury that had troubled him . If the reports from Spanish paper Mundo Deportivo prove true , Puyol could join up with Manchester City midfielder Frank Lampard in the States or with his former long-term team-mate Xavi , who is expected to move to Qatar with Al-Sadd . The curly-haired centre back had hinted on his retirement that he would consider a return to the game had it not been for the knee injury that plagued the tail-end of his career . ` I do n't think I 'll be a coach , it 's not what I 'd like most , ' Puyol said in May . ` Maybe I 'll change my mind but for now I want to do other things . ' Puyol , seen here with Qatar Airways Chief Executive Officer Akbar al-Baker , could move to the Middle East . Xavi , Puyol 's former team-mate , is said to considering a move to Al-Sadd and Puyol could join him there . David Villa is now playing for New York City . Frank Lampard will join him soon and Puyol could be next . The former Barca skipper was named as the club 's assistant director of football but he left that role in January when Andoni Zubizarreta , his senior , was fired . Xavi visited Qatar in the last international break ahead of a rumoured move at the end of his Barcelona contract which would see the midfield metronome earn around £ 7million-a-year , and Puyol could choose a similar route . Alternatively , a New York move would see Puyol join the City Football Group alongside Chelsea legend Lampard and another former team-mate of Puyol 's , David Villa .