A woman who worked briefly for the president of a Maine college has filed a discrimination lawsuit against the school , alleging she was expected to play tennis , jog and watch ` chick flicks ' with her female boss . Sarah Hulbert , of Auburn , wrote in her complaint that she was treated differently from her male co-workers during her time as an executive assistant at Bates College in Lewiston and was fired for having ` no pizzazz . ' The Sun Journal reports that the 59-year-old Hulbert worked for Bates President A. Clayton Spencer for a little longer than a month in the summer of 2012 . Bates president : The ex-assistant to Bates College president Clayton A. Spencer -LRB- pictured -RRB- claims that the president fired her because she would n't job with her or watch chick flicks . In the suit , Hulbert wrote : ` Plaintiff 's supervisor , the president of Bates College , -LRB- A. Clayton Spencer -RRB- expected plaintiff , as a condition of her employment , to engage in activities with the president , such as running , tennis lessons and watching ` chick flicks , ' which the president did not require of similarly situated male employees . ' Hulbert claimed she has suffered a financial loss and a human loss due to ` gender discrimination ' and seeks compensatory damages at a jury trial . Hulbert alleges that she was mislead when she was for the job at Spencer 's home in Winchester , mass . . ` During that interview , Ms. Spencer assured me that she highly valued the personal time that employees should have and would n't ... intrude upon that personal time , ' Hulbert wrote in her complaint . Hulbert says when she began employment that Spencer expected her to jog with her at 5:30 a.m. but that she could not because she had surgery on her right foot in the past . When Hulbert offered to find Spencer a different running partner , ` she reluctantly suggested that I try , but left me feeling pressured to run with her if I wished to continue working for her , ' Hulbert said . Hulbert claims that Spencer asked her to participate in tennis lessons but again she said she would ` reluctantly ' try because of the injury to her foot . The university : Ex-assistant Sarah Hulbert , 59 , worked for Bates President A. Clayton Spencer for a little longer than a month in the summer of 2012 . ` Although I indicated a willingness to try playing tennis with Ms. Spencer , her reaction at all points was significant disappointment that I was not going to be running and possibly not playing tennis with her , ' Hulbert wrote in her complaint to the agency . Spencer allegedly fired Hulbert on July 10 because she ` did not have pizzazz , ' Hulbert claims . Hulbert was allegedly informed that that if Spencer had ` discarded ' her , then ` no one else will wish to take you ' for other positions at the college . Hulbert claims that Bates had ` ratified the gender and disability-based discrimination of its president in refusing to consider me for any other open position with the college . ' The Sun Journal reports that before her brief time at Bates , she worked for the law firm Berman and Simmons in Lewiston and before that was employed at Hebron Academy as the director of research and development . A Bates spokesman said in a statement that ` the college strongly disagrees with the allegations ' and will defend itself in court . According to the Bates website , from September 2005 until she joined Bates in 2011 , Spencer served as Harvard 's Vice President for Policy .