Graham Leonard , pictured leaving court after admitting endangering an aircraft . A passenger who hijacked a plane 's tannoy system while drunk to sing karaoke and then caused an airport to be evacuated could be handed a jail term . Graham Leonard , who was returning to Scotland after attending a Manchester United football match , grabbed the PA microphone on the private charter flight and burst into song for his fellow football fans after drinking beer and gin on match day . And after frustrating the cabin crew with his antics during the flight - including throwing a hot towel at one - he then caused part of an airport to be evacuated after deliberately setting off the fire alarm on arrival in Aberdeen . Sheriff Edward Savage said he was keeping ` all options open ' and Mr Kelly to find out what impact a jail sentence would have on his client . ` I 'm not entirely satisfied given the very serious nature of these matters that a financial penalty will reflect how serious these matters are , ' said Mr Savage . ` I want to make it absolutely clear that I 'm keeping all options open . ' Leonard , 46 , appeared at Aberdeen Sheriff Court yesterday where he admitted endangering the aircraft and its passengers as well as setting off the airport alarm knowing there was no blaze . The court heard that Leonard , from Newmacher , in Aberdeenshire , had been part of a group of Scots fans that had chartered an Eastern Airways flight to jet down to watch United 's 3-0 league win over Tottenham on March 15 this year . They had been drinking beer and gin and tonics before leaving Aberdeen Airport , then spent the day meeting former players at a corporate event in a hotel in Manchester . Fiscal depute Karen Dow said that Leonard was one of three passengers that missed their ride back to the airport after the drunken day out . When he did eventually board the 9:17 pm private flight from Manchester he started causing trouble for the cabin crew . Leonard was flying on a priavet charter Eastern Airways flight into Aberdeen Airport -LRB- file photo -RRB- . Ms Dow said : ` During the journey the accused approached the complainer to ask if he could sing a song on the public address system . ` She said no and that was not permitted . The accused went to the PA mic and started singing . ` The complainer approached him and told him to stop and asked him to return to his seat . ` His behaviour persisted . This was frustrating for the complainer as it was part of the communication system used by the captain . ' The court heard that the businessman , who owns a painting and decorating firm in Aberdeen , also repeatedly refused to sit down before throwing a hot hand towel at one of the stewardesses . Graham Leonard was returning to Scotland after watching Manchester United at Old Trafford , pictured . On arrival at Aberdeen International Airport he was seen ` talking ' into the airport 's PA system then activating a fire alarm . Around 40 people had to be evacuated from the area and two units from Scottish Fire and Rescue Service were called out to the false alarm . Defence agent Gregor Kelly said his client was ` mortified ' about his conduct but asked the sheriff to consider a financial penalty . He said : ` In the sober light of day he is extremely apologetic . The full extent of what he had done did not become clear until the next day when he spoke to others . After landing at Aberdeen Airport , Leonard set the fire alarm off causing an evacuation . ` He is ordinarily a responsible business man . ` He is a regular on this charter plane which goes down to follow the fortunes of Manchester United . ` They had drank a mixture of beer and gin and tonic before embarking on the flight down . There was a special corporate event at hotel in Manchester with ex-players . ` He got carried away . There is no excuse for his behaviour . ' Sentence was deferred for reports . Leonard was ordained to appear next month . Speaking after the case called , he said : ` I 'm deeply sorry about what happened . ` It was just a drunken day out that went wrong . I 'm sorry for any trouble I 've caused . I 'm deeply embarrassed about it . ' Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .