Coachella fans who attend the California-based music festival typically go for good music and a good time -- but they may end up bringing home something much worse than a hangover and some sunburn . Cosmopolitan.com reports that Coachella is a verifiable hotbed of various viruses and bacterial infections , especially due to the widespread use of public restrooms that are heavily trafficked , but might not be frequently cleaned . In fact , according to medical experts , festival-goers actually run the risk of picking up illnesses like the flu , Norovirus , Salmonella , and even hepatitis A. Sick concert : Festival-goers who attend outdoor concerts like Coachella are at risk to contract diseases like influenza and Norovirus . While this is the first year that Coachella has installed permanent restrooms , instead of setting up notoriously dirty portable toilets , the festival 's 324 new private stalls could still be harboring germs ; even spending time around so many people outside of the restrooms has health risks . ` Outdoor music festivals and concerts where thousands of people are clustered together in close quarters can be a breeding ground for infections and other health problems , ' Dr. Kevin Campbell tells DailyMail.com . He advises that festival attendees should take steps to avoid catching diseases like Norovirus and Salmonella , which can cause gastrointestinal distress , as well as conditions like hepatitis A , influenza , and Shigellosis . Close quarters : At Coachella , thousands of people are packed into tight spaces , which creates conditions for bacteria and viruses to spread quickly . Toilet upgrade : New permanent restrooms on the festival grounds include 324 private stalls , but even nicer-looking facilities can spread germs . ` In general , it is essential to wash your hands before eating and drinking , ' Dr. Campbell adds . ` Using hand sanitizer is an important , portable way to eliminate many bacteria from your skin before introducing food into your mouth . ' Experts also warn that people at Coachella should also take precaution to touch as few surfaces as possible while in public restrooms . Some ways to avoid contact with germs and bacteria include using paper towels to turn off sink faucets after washing hands and not touching door handles . Celebrities beware : Even stars like Justin Bieber and Kendall Jenner , pictured here at Coachella , are not immune from the risk of contracting hepatitis A and Shigellosis . But bacteria and viruses are n't the only things at outdoor concerts that can lead to illness . ' -LSB- These events -RSB- often involve drinking alcohol and some recreational drug use , ' explains Dr. Campbell . ` It is essential to be careful to avoid dehydration -- the combination of the sun and heat with alcohol can be quite dangerous . ` Take precautions by limiting alcohol intake and drink plenty of water during outdoor events , ' he adds . ` Wear sunscreen to avoid sunburn , and a wide brimmed sun hat is also an important tool to ward off sunburns that can lead to skin cancers . '