He 's been at the sharp end of football for the majority of his career but a former Premier League striker seems to have met his match when literally trying his hand at another profession . Preston North End forward Kevin Davies has been through the wars during his 22 years in the beautiful game - being bumped and bruised by many an opposition defence . The 38-year-old is n't adverse to putting the boot in himself though - proven by the fact that he formerly held the record for the most Premier League bookings by a player with 99 , alongside Lee Bowyer , before Everton midfielder Gareth Barry took that unwanted stat this season . Preston North End striker Kevin Davies tweeted a picture of his cut right hand after chainsawing on Tuesday . However , Davies ' latest injury is self-inflicted as the England international inadvertently hacked away at his right hand while operating a chainsaw . Accompanied with the caption : ` Chainsaw 2 KD 0 , ' the former Bolton Wanderers captain tweeted on Tuesday a picture of his hand covered in two plasters where the damage had been done . It 's the second time in less than two months where Preston 's No 9 has injured that part of his body . During Preston 's FA Cup fifth round replay 3-1 defeat to Manchester United on February 16 , Davies managed to play over an hour after team-mate Joe Garner accidentally crushed his left hand in the opening exchanges of the contest . A day later he tweeted a picture of his injury accompanied with the caption : ` Sore hand today think my partner in crime Joe Garner landed on it ! ' Davies -LRB- bottom -RRB- injured his left hand during Preston 's FA Cup fifth round replay defeat to Manchester United . Davies -LRB- bottom -RRB- suffered the injury after colliding with team-mate Joe Garner -LRB- centre -RRB- during the February tie . Despite the injury , Davies will be looking to play a helping hand in the Deepdale outfit 's efforts to seal League One promotion this campaign . Simon Grayson 's currently side sit second in the table - eight clear of third-placed MK Dons - following their 3-0 win at Bradford on Easter Monday . Davies , who was an unused substitute for their victory at Valley Parade , has found the net just once in all competitions for the club in his 38 appearances this season . Davies -LRB- right -RRB- has found the net just once in all competitions for the club in his 38 appearances this season .