Bill and Hillary Clinton spent $ 104,000 in taxpayer money on hotel rooms for Secret Service agents when they vacationed in the Dominican Republic over the New Year 's holiday . A Dominican news report says the power couple spent part of their trip staying with sugar barons Alfy and Pepe Fanjul at Casa de Campo , a private Dominican resort they own . The news outlet Listin Diario reported on January 2 that Fanjul and the Clintons discussed Hillary 's presidential ambitions during the visit . Casa de Campo , a luxurious retreat for the world 's super wealthy elites , is also at the center of criminal allegations now dogging a Democratic U.S. senator . LAP OF LUXURY : The Casa de Campo resort services the upper crust of America 's ' 1 per cent ' super-rich , and both Sen. Bob Menendez and Bill and Hillary Clinton have holidayed there . SAME OLD BILL : This Instagram pic , deleted from a user 's account on Thursday , shows former President Clinton cavorting among yougn socialites at Casa de Campo . INDICTED : NEw Jersey Sen. Bob Menendez -LRB- left -RRB- and his wealthy donor Dr. Salomon Melgen -LRB- right -RRB- are both accused of multiple federal crimes including bribery and honest services fraud . Federal prosecutors charged New Jersey Sen. Bob Menendez with corruption on Wednesday in a 14-count indictment . He is accused of accepting money and trips from wealthy donor Dr Salomon Melgen in exchange for the influence of his office . Melgen flew Menendez and his guests on a private jet to stay at his Casa de Campo villa multiple times , free of charge , prosecutors say . The doctor is also now under federal indictment , accused of bribing Menendez with gifts and approximately $ 700,000 in political contributions . In exchange , the government says , Menendez helped Melgen 's three girlfriends get travel visas to enter the U.S. , interceded with Medicare authorities when he was accused of billing fraud , and helped lay the groundwork for a Melgen-controlled company to win a lucrative port security contract in the Dominican Republic . PRIVATE VILLAS : Melgen owns a house at Casa de Campo where he entertained Menendez on several occasions at his own expense . SUGAR BARONS : Pepe Fanjul -LRB- left -RRB- and Alfy Fanjul -LRB- right -RRB- own a congromerate that includes Domino Sugar and Florida Crystals , and they also own Casa de Campo . The brothers entertained the Clintons there in early January . Melgen 's 70-year-old former secretary told The Miami Herald in 2013 that Melgen had also hosted Bill Clinton at his resort home in the past . And Melgen has contributed $ 8,600 to Hillary Clinton 's campaigns for the U.S. Senate and the White House , according to public records compiled by the Center for Responsive Politics . The Weekly Standard reported on Thursday that the Clintons spent the first part of their Dominican holiday three months ago at Punta Cana , a different resort area . They ` chose to spend their end-of-year vacation in the Dominican Republic 's tourist hub Punta Cana , ' according to Listin Diario , but on January 2 ` shifted to the tourist center Casa de Campo ' where they stayed with the Fanjuls . A federal government spending report describes $ 104,093 in payments for Secret Service lodging , but does n't specify whether it covered rooms in one or two resort areas . FACING THE MUSIC : Dr. Melgen was in Newark , New Jersey on Thursday to face a judge for his criminal arraignment in the Senator Bob Menendez corruption case . ONE-PERCENTERS : Melgen and Fanjul have houses like this one at Casa de Campo ; Bill Clinton has stayed with both of them . Bill and Hillary Clinton were photographed at both resorts . The former president attended ` private dinners with friends at their Casa de Campo villas ' and played golf , according to Casa de Campo Living . Alfy Fanjul also played a small part in the Monica Lewinsky sex scandal that dogged Clinton 's 1990s presidency and resulted in his impeachment . Lewinsky told Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr that on Presidents ' Day in 1996 , as Clinton was trying to break off their covert romance , Fanjul called the Oval Office . Confirmation of that phone call in White House records was one important detail that lent credibility to Lewinsky 's claims that she had engaged in a series of intimate moments in the White House with the leader of the free world . WELCOME TO THE D.R. : Hillary and Bill Clinton stayed in the eastern Domonican Republic resort town of Punta Cana before shifting the vacation to Casa de Campo days later . FORE ! The former president was photographed playing golf both at Punta Cana -LRB- shown -RRB- and at Casa de Campo . Security at Casa de Campo keeps out the general public . The only way onto the property for non-residents is to have a reservation at the hotel or at a home on the property . Casa de Campo itself is in La Romana province , on the southeastern coast of the Dominican Republic . The Fanjuls own the sprawling 11-square-mile resort , along with the airport that services it . It 's a luxury golf and sporting resort , according to the Menendez indictment , with a marina , three golf courses , three polo fields , equestrian facilities , a 245-acre shooting facility , spa , beaches and a hotel where rooms typically cost about $ 500 a night .