With a luxurious 88-square-foot cabin and space to fit 20 passengers in boardroom-style comfort , the Bell 525 Relentless is likely to make some high-flyers seriously happy when it takes to the skies this year . The manufacturers of the state-of-the-art helicopter , Textron , are yet to officially release a price but industry observers are listing it at a whopping $ 15million -LRB- £ 10.12 m -RRB- for what looks effectively like a living room that can fly just about anywhere . Once it flies for the first time a little behind schedule , the helicopter will cruise at a maximum of 178 miles per hour and with its 2,4000-litre fuel capacity be able to fly up to 575 miles without stopping . Scroll down for video . The Bell 525 Relentless is due to make its maiden flight this year with purchasers forking out $ 15million -LRB- £ 10.12 m -RRB- for their own . The commercial helicopter has a luxurious 88-square-foot cabin and space to fit 20 passengers in boardroom-style comfort . A range of configurations can be chosen by the buyers , who are expected to use the craft for offshore oil and gas missions . The craft is aimed to be a limo in the sky for offshore oil and operations and also expects to be used for difficult search-and-rescue and firefighting missions due to its huge capacity and improved control in tough conditions . , . ` The Bell 525 Relentless is a marvel of modern technology that will provide our customers capability beyond expectations , ' Fred Hees , CEO of BBM Inc which is one of the first companies to purchase the 525 , told helicopterinvestor.com . The company says their Bell 525 will be configured to ` perform head of state transport throughout the region ' while another purchaser K Aircraft Leasing , will rent their two 525s out to Middle East-based oil and gas companies . Ireland-based Waypoint Leasing has also tentatively agreed to buy 20 of the helicopters , reports the Wall Street Journal , before the craft even makes it maiden flight . One early buyer calls the helicopter , which looks like a living room that can fly anywhere , ` a marvel of modern technology ' Another deluxe interior option for the helicopter which looks like it should be a private jet rather than a helicopter . Depending on the configuration of the interior , the 525 will hold 16 or 20 passengers along with the two flight crew with what the builders say is best in class passenger cabin height -LRB- 137 cm -RRB- and floor area -LRB- 8.2 square metres -RRB- . The 525 is also the first commercial helicopter to incorporate fly-by-wire flight controls , which they say delivers ` superior handling qualities and increased level of safety ' with features that , among other things , stabilise the aircraft without the need of input from the pilot . Depending on the chosen configuration , the 525 will hold 16 or 20 passengers along with the two flight crew . The manufacturers say the 525 boasts best in class passenger cabin height -LRB- 137 cm -RRB- and floor area -LRB- 8.2 square metres -RRB- . The exterior has an advanced aerodynamic design , a Next Generation GE engine and ` best-in-class payload-range capability ' For the technically savvy , it is also the first commercial craft if its kind to include the Garmin G5000H , a glass touchscreen avionics suite for the flight deck that replaces knobs and switches with what they say are simpler controls and information , such as weather , charts , traffic , terrain and Global connectivity options , for the pilot . For the 525 it 's been rebranded as the ARC Horizon system . The slick exterior of the chopper , which looks like something Iron Man would n't be adverse to taking a ride in , of course has an advanced aerodynamic design , a Next Generation GE engine and an airframe that offers ` best-in-class payload-range capability ' .