A black cat who fell sick as a two-month-old kitten is now nursing abandoned sick animals back to health with plenty of purrs and cuddles . Caring cat Rademenes is the resident feline nurse at an animal shelter in Bydgoszcz , northern Poland , where he snuggles up to the dogs and cats that are brought in for help . The green-eyed moggy was rescued by the shelter in October after he contracted an inflamed respiratory tract infection and his owner thought he was too unwell to be saved . Black cat Rademenes helps to nurse sick cats and dogs back to health at a Polish animal shelter . Veterinarian Lucyna Kuziel-Zawalich took care of him and eventually adopted him as a permanent member of the animal hospital , Polish news channel TVN Meteo reports . Ms Kuziel-Zawalich said Rademenes gives hugs to every pet in the shelter , after previously being placed in isolation because of his grave illness which saw him lose his shiny black hair . When animals are brought in , Rademenes goes up to them and supports them - especially as they rest after surgery . Rademenes first fell sick as a two-month-old kitten and after recovering he is now nursing other abandoned sick animals back to health . The green-eyed cat was brought into the shelter after getting an inflamed respiratory tract infection . Rademenes curls up to the sick animals , especially as they rest after surgery . In this photo the cat nurse appears to kiss a tabby cat on the head as it recovers . Rademenes owner , vet Lucyna Kuziel-Zawalich , adopted him as a permanent member of the animal hospital . In a series of adorable photos shared online , Rademenes can been seen keeping a kitty attached to a drip warm by giving it a cuddle over a blanket . In another cute image , he spoons a large husky dog and curls up next to a beagle . The director of the animal shelter said sometimes the friendly cat even licks the ears of other sick strays . In one of a series of adorable photos shared online , Rademenes keeps a beagles tail warm . As the abandoned pets recover Rademenes is always close by for a cuddle . Rademenes was left at the shelter because his owner thought he was too unwell to be saved .