She has a reputation for being a ` pushy parent ' and with some newly acquired dance moves under her belt , she might have been expected to muscle in . But it emerged yesterday that when Andy Murray and his new bride had their first dance on Saturday night , Judy Murray was strictly on the sidelines . The former star of Strictly Come Dancing -- who frequently failed to impress the judges with her efforts -- left the newlyweds to it as they took to the floor at their reception in Cromlix House Hotel , following their wedding at Dunblane Cathedral in the afternoon . Scroll down for video . Love match : Andy and Kim after the ceremony at Dunblane Cathedral -LRB- left -RRB- . Judy Murray -LRB- pictured right during Strictly Come Dancing -RRB- says she is ` terrible ' at dancing . As Judy 's mother , Shirley Erskine , 80 , left the venue , she admitted the wedding of Andy , 27 , to his long-term girlfriend Kim Sears , also 27 , had been ` fantastic ' and ` wonderful ' . She added : ` We 've just all been up there together and everybody 's parting in dribs and drabs , so we 're on the way home . ' But neither she , nor Andy 's grandfather Roy , were able to recall what the couple 's first dance was . Mr Erskine , 83 , said : ` It was something with music anyway . They actually did go out for the first dance . ' They also confirmed that Mrs Murray did not take to the dance floor first and let the bride and groom lead the evening 's festivities at Cromlix , the luxury hotel bought by Andy in 2013 for £ 1.8 million , and where his brother had also held his wedding reception . Mrs Erskine also said that the newlyweds would not be going on honeymoon ` until later ' in the year . The bride dazzled in a pretty flowing silk chiffon gown by designer Jenny Packham , while her husband opted for traditional Scots dress to tie the knot . And as for the mother-of-the-groom , 55-year-old Mrs Murray wore a white dress coat , which was belted at the waist . Just a few hours earlier , she was resplendent in a stunning white dress coat and eye-catching hat . But the morning after her younger son 's wedding , Judy Murray had slipped into something more comfortable -- her favoured old blue tracksuit . The morning after her younger son 's wedding , Judy Murray had slipped into something more comfortable -- her favoured old blue tracksuit . After admitting to focusing more on her outfits following her appearance on Strictly Come Dancing last year , Mrs Murray , 55 , broke with tradition on Saturday by wearing a white coat , the same colour , as the stunning Jenny Packham gown worn by bride , Kim Sears . But it was back into the sports gear when she left Cromlix House yesterday . Beneath , Mrs Murray opted for a nude pencil skirt and lace top as well as a hat by Scottish milliner William Chambers that resembled an oversized fascinator . In an interview last year to promote her appearance on the hit BBC show Strictly , Mrs Murray said that despite raising two tennis stars -- her son , Jamie , 28 , is a Wimbledon doubles champion -- she is not a pushy parent . She said : ` I 've definitely been pigeon-holed as pushy and overbearing but if you ask any of my friends or family , I 'm all about having fun . ` My children would tell you exactly the same . ' And although she admitted to being a terrible dancer , she said she ` absolutely loved ' the programme and being part of the competition.She added : ` I 'm terrible , I do n't know if it 's my age but I just ca n't remember the steps . ' Mrs Murray , 55 -LRB- pictured left with Will Murray -RRB- broke with tradition on Saturday by wearing a white coat , the same colour as the stunning Jenny Packham gown worn by bride , Kim Sears -LRB- right -RRB- . The bride and groom were cheered and showered with confetti as the left the cathedral in Andy 's hometown after the 45-minute ceremony , which went ahead smoothly despite earlier showers of hail and snow . Hundreds of well-wishers had gathered outside to catch a glimpse of the happy couple . Clearly unable to contain his excitement in the run-up to his love match , Andy had posted a tweet to his 2.98 million followers which showed his plans for the day -- through the use of emojis . He tweeted an umbrella , a picture of a church , a ring , a kiss , cake , drinks including beer , cocktails and wine and ending with hearts , a face blowing a kiss and several Zzzz icons for sleep . Meanwhile , Judy earlier expressed some apprehension over the weather , initially tweeting , ` Hailstones . Marvellous , ' and then : ` Snowing . White wedding . '