A father today pleaded not guilty to illegally buying a firearm his 15-year-old son then took to school to kill four of his classmates and take his own life . Raymond Lee Fryberg Jr. was arraigned in Seattle on Thursday , nearly six months after his son Jaylen Fryberg killed four students at Marysville Pilchuck High School then himself . Fryberg had been the subject of a permanent domestic violence protection order that prohibited him from ever having firearms when he allegedly bought a Beretta pistol in January 2013 . According to the criminal complaint , the order was against him in Tulalip Tribal Court in 2002 by a girlfriend who said he had threatened her , slapped her and pulled her hair . In court : Raymond Lee Fryberg Jr. walks out of the Federal Courthouse in Seattle on Thursday after he pleaded not guilty to illegally possessing a firearm . His son Jaylen used the gun to kill four classmates last year . Support : Fryberg , who is accused of lying about whether he had a restraining order against him when he bought the gun in January 2013 , attended court with eight friends and family members . He allegedly bought the firearm from a gun shop and answered ` no ' on the federal firearms purchasing form when asked if he was the subject of a restraining order that prohibits him from ` harassing , stalking or threatening your child or an intimate partner ' . Fryberg 's lawyer , John Henry Browne , previously said that ` there was never an order prohibiting him from owning or even purchasing firearms ' from the tribal court . The issue in court will be whether he lied on the federal purchasing form , Browne said . Michael Lee , a lawyer with Browne 's firm who attended the arraignment , said ` there is a distinction between what comes from a state court and a tribal court ' in terms of restrictions placed on the subject of the order . Lee said they would secure the tribal order through discovery to make that point . Had the protection order been filed in a state court instead of the tribal court , it would have been entered into a criminal records database and would have surfaced during a background check . Gunman : Jaylen Fryberg , a freshman , shot dead four of his classmates then himself last October . But the order was never entered into any state or federal criminal databases because of a flawed reporting system between tribes and outside authorities . Tribes have long called on the federal government to fix this problem or provide access to the databases so they can enter the orders themselves . After The Associated Press reported on the problem last week , the U.S. Department of Justice announced that it would host a conference in August with the tribes to try to resolve the problem . A federal grand jury issued an indictment on April 8 charging Fryberg with a single count of unlawful possession of a firearm by a prohibited person . Fryberg was released from custody on the condition that he attends his court hearings and stays away from guns . Victims : The shooter 's cousin Andrew Fryberg , 15 , -LRB- left -RRB- was killed , as was girlfriend Zoe Galasso , 14 -LRB- right -RRB- . Reports suggested that the shooter had a crush on Galasso and was upset she was dating his cousin . Victims : Gia Soriano , left , and Shaylee Chuckulnaskit , both 14 , died days after the attack from gun wounds . Hit : Nate Hatch was also shot in the jaw but he survived and has recovered . He is pictured three months ago . He appeared in court on Thursday flanked by eight friends and family members . He declined to speak with reporters . If he is convicted on the charge , he faces a maximum of 10 years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine . U.S. Magistrate Judge Mary Alice Theiler set his trial for June 22 . Fryberg 's son , 15-year-old Jaylen , used the gun to kill four friends and wound another in the cafeteria of the Marysville-Pilchuck High School after inviting them to lunch on October 24 , 2014 . The well-liked freshman who had recently been a Homecoming prince , shot dead Gia Soriano , Zoe Galasso and Shaylee Chuckulnaskit , all 14 , and Andrew Fryberg , 15 . He also shot 14-year-old Nate Hatch in the jaw , but the teenager survived and has recovered .