A U.S. father who enlisted the help of social media users to record a message for his son from the tooth fairy - whom the youngster believes is from Australia - has thanked the man who answered his appeal . Jacob Hall invented the ruse that the tooth fairy lived thousands of kilometres away Down Under for his seven-year-old son , Evan , when he was late paying up the last time around . Father-of-three Jeff Pyrotek , from Seymour in Victoria , answered Mr Hall 's call for help and uploaded his finished product on SoundCloud . Scroll down for audio . Jacob Hall , from Iowa , asked Australian redditors to make a recording from the tooth fairy for his son , Evan . Mr Hall , from Iowa , said his son was ` totally overjoyed ' with the message . ` My son woke up this morning and found a reply to his letter saying `` Evan , thank you for leaving me another tooth . I left something special for you on dad 's phone '' , ' Mr Hall said . ` He burst into my room and woke me up at 6 am of course , frantically explaining to me that I have to check my phone because the tooth fairy told him so . ' Mr Hall told Daily Mail Australia Evan had not stopped talking about his ` Australian tooth fairy ' ever since this happened . He added he was ` so humbled ' by the overwhelming response he had received . ` Initially , I hoped to get one or two responses to my request , but the outpouring of kind words and support from the -LSB- Australia subreddit -RSB- community was unbelievable , ' Mr Hall said . Evan -LRB- pictured with dad Jacob -RRB- , 7 , believes the tooth fairy is from Australia because once the fabled creature was ` a little late ' in coming to leave money for the child in exchange for his tooth . Jeff Pyrotek , from Seymour in Victoria , made the message for the little boy named Evan on the request of Mr Hall . Mr Hall said Evan believed the tooth fairy was from Down Under , so the U.S. father had to enlist the help of an Australian to compose the message . Mr Hall said his son had not stopped talking about his ` Australian tooth fairy ' ever since this happened . ` The only problem was that last time he lost a tooth , the tooth fairy showed up a day late ... so I told him his tooth fairy had to travel from Australia , and sometimes that can take a while , ' he said . The man behind the recording told Daily Mail Australia he wanted to make Evan 's day by recording the message . ` I was doing someone a favour and spreading love around the world , ' Mr Pyrotek said . ` If I can make a child 's life a bit happier and more magical , I 'll do it . Children are the future of the world . ` It took five minutes of work that could make a kids day . It felt good doing it . ' Mr Hall 's post , which he uploaded under the psuedonym SafetySecond , has attracted more than 100 comments in less than 24 hours after social media users weighed in on what the message for Evan should be . He said his seven-year-old son wrote letters to the tooth fairy and he wanted to do something to ` really put a smile ' on Evan 's face . One redditor Captain A ** ehole suggested : ` g ` day little fella . Thanks fer wroitin ' moi another great letter . All the teeth yer leave me are real shoiny , they 're beaut . ` I know yer have a few teeth ter lose , but it wo n't be a problem for a little battler like yerself . ` Got ta get back down under now , me hubby is about ter run outta tinnies and strewth we would n't want that would we . Hooroo mate ! ' The tooth fairy -LRB- as played by The Rock in the 2010 movie , Tooth Fairy -RRB- is a fictional character who leaves money for children in exchange for their lost teeth . Mr Pyrotek , also known as thesuperevilclown , is a father-of-three who wanted to brighten a little boy 's day . He said it took five minutes to record and clean it up before uploading it onto SoundCloud . It attracted 3,000 listens in 16 hours . While come _ on _ how offered up : ` Ow you goin ' , Evaan ? Cheers for the letter , mate . ` All your teeth have been f**king gold champ , keep it up . ` I know you have a few of those buggers left ; but I know you smash 'em out quick smart , huh ? ` Have to head back down to the missus now ; but I 'll see your little mug again in no time . ' But Mr Pyrotek settled on a message with less Australian slang . ` Hi Evan , thanks for writing me another great letter , ' he is heard reciting in a broad Australian accent . ` All the teeth that you leave me are so shiny . I know you still have a few teeth to lose but that wo n't be a problem for a tough boy like you . ` I have to get back home to Australia now but I will talk to you again soon . Do n't forget to brush your teeth . ` Thank you from the tooth fairy . By the way my name 's really Bruce . ' The response to the recording has been overwhelming , with more than 3,000 plays in 16 hours .