Soft-poached quail egg , confit of tomato and deep fried polenta all prepared by a Michelin-starred chef - you could be forgiven for thinking this is just a meal at another trendy gastro restaurant . But it is in fact one of the dishes on offer at the staff canteen at yoghurt maker Yeo Valley 's headquarters , which overlooks the Blagdon countryside in North Somerset . The 120 dairy workers can tuck into a fine-dining meal for as little as £ 2 - all made from organic and locally sourced food , prepared by executive chef Paul Collins , who has spent 20 years working at various Michelin-starred restaurants . Scroll down for video . Michelin-starred : It may look like a meal from a gastro restaurant but this is one of the dishes on the menu in the staff canteen at the Yeo Valley headquarters in Blagdon , North Somerset . High-quality : A meal of Wye Valley asparagus , soft poached quail egg , confit of tomato and deep friend polenta which is sold at the Yeo Valley staff canteen to staff for £ 2 . Lunch in the sun : Yeo Valley staff enjoy their break in the sun with a meal prepared by a Michelin-trained chef with vistas over the Mendips . Most of the vegetables and fruit are grown by a community farm five miles away , meat comes from the firm 's own Holt Farm or a local butchers , and trout is fished from a lake at the bottom of the hill . Earlier this week the menu , which changes on a daily basis , boasted beef burger with tomato , gherkins and red onion in a brioche bun with skinny fries for just £ 4 . Or as an alternative , there was fish cake with roasted cherry tomatoes , chervil hollandaise & pea shoot salad , served with potato wedges & purple sprouting broccoli . Dessert , which was a choice of chocolate brownie , lemon posset or apple and rhubarb crumble cost just £ 2 . And now the eaterie , which has been hailed as the world 's best staff canteen , has opened its doors to the public - albeit at higher prices . Casual feel : The staff canteen at Yeo Valley headquarters in Blagdon , North Somerset , has quirky light fittings and high tables and stools . Dinner time : A few of the 120 dairy workers at the dairy firm wait for a high-quality meal to be dished up and pay a subsidised price . Professional : Jason Eland is head chef at the canteen , which serves only organic and locally sourced produce to its workers . On offer : The canteen 's menu changes daily depending on what produce they get in . Meals include organic sourdough with Yeo Valley salted butter for starters and a dessert of apple and rhubarb crumble with ice cream or creme fraiche . Trendy : An interior designer helped come up with the seating designs for the staff canteen , which has mini Welly boot vases on the tables . Venue manager Claire Davies said : ` The staff love it . Who can get the type of food they get on a daily basis for such good value ? ` New employees ca n't believe it when they see the view and other staff enjoying the food or a coffee . When people come for interviews they are blown away . ` It is a different menu every day , with all the food locally sourced . If it is n't organic , we make sure it is local and ethically produced . Paul , the executive chef , meets all the suppliers . ` Personally , I love the poached eggs and asparagus . The difficult thing is having to get up and go back to my desks after lunch . ' Yeo Valley worker Rupert Hodges described the food as ` stunning ' , adding that the quantity and quality is ` fantastic . Cream of Community Farm Leek & Potato Soup -LRB- v -RRB- £ 4.50 . Loch Duart Salmon Gravadlax , Pickled Cucumber , Apple and Celeriac Remoulade , Severn Project Salad Leaves , Wholemeal Soda Bread £ 6.50 . Salad of Wye Valley Asparagus , Soft Poached Quail Egg , Confit of Tomato and Deep Fried Polenta £ 6.50 . Ham Hock & Parsley Terrine , Holt Farm Piccalilli , Sourdough Crostini , Severn Project Salad Leaves £ 6.50 . Grilled Holt Farm Beef Burger , Tomato , Gherkins and Red Onion in a Brioche Bun with Skinny Fires £ 9 . Onion , Goats Cheese , Purple Sprouting Broccoli & Wild Garlic Tart -LRB- v -RRB- £ 4 . Fishcake with Chervil Hollandaise & Pea Shoot Salad , Served with Potato Wedges & Purple Sprouting Broccoli £ 12 . Lemon Posset with Fruit Compote & Shortbread Finger £ 4.50 . Chocolate Brownie -LRB- GF -RRB- with Yeo Valley Madagascan Vanilla Ice Cream £ 4.50 . Hungry ? : Workers can dine on a variety of fresh and healthy produce for their lunch in the staff canteen dubbed the ` best in the world ' Filling : A meal of fishcakes , potato wedges , purple sprouting broccoli and sautéed peas is served up ready for hungry workers on breaks . Alternative option : An onion , goat 's cheese , purple sprouting broccoli and wild garlic tart is on the menu for the vegetarian workers . Delicious : The meals have gone down so well with the staff that bosses have decided to open up the restaurant to members of the public . The account manager , said : ` The food is absolutely stunning . I 've worked for a few food manufacturing companies , and this was life-changing . ` For me in the sales team I would normally get a sandwich on the road so it is definitely an incentive to come in and have an incredible meal at HQ . ' We want to see pictures of your canteen and the kind of meals it serves up as well as hearing your lunchtime stories . Send them to gemma.mullin@mailonline.co.uk or mailonlinepictures@dailymail.co.uk . The menu was so well received by staff at the Yeo Valley Staff Canteen that it has now been opened up to the general public - with main courses costing up to £ 12 . It has even won praise from restaurant reviewers , including food critic Mark Taylor of the Bristol Post newspaper . He wrote : ` Careful , respectful cooking of hyper-local produce in a breathtaking rural setting , the best staff canteen imaginable can now be enjoyed by everybody . ` There can be no better reminder that Yeo Valley is still very much a real place and much more than simply a name on the yoghurt pot or milk carton in your fridge . ' Yeo Valley is a family-run business which has grown into one of Britain 's biggest dairy producers since being founded by Tim Mead 's , the current chief executive , parents in 1961 . It now has a turnover of £ 275 million , employs over 1,500 staff and is now the biggest supplier of organic products to UK supermarkets . Satisfied customers : Yeo Valley worker Rupert Hodges described the food as ` stunning ' , adding that the quantity and quality is ` fantastic ' Subsidised : The menu this week boasted beef burger with tomato , gherkins and red onion in a brioche bun with skinny fries for just £ 4 . Chilled goods : Staff are also encouraged to buy some of their company 's own products with fridges filled with Yeo Valley dairy items . Vistas : The views looking out across the Mendip Hills of Blagdon in North Somerset , where the Yeo Valley headquarters is situated . Paul Collins is the Michelin-starred chef in charge at the Yeo Valley staff canteen . Paul Collins is the executive chef at Yeo Valley headquarters , where he started working four years ago , leading demonstrations about seasonal cooking the the Organic Garden Tea Room . He has 25 years of experience in the industry and has worked in some of the most prestigious and high profile kitchens , including The Dorchester , Cliveden Lucknam Park , Daylesford Organic and The Grove . His training began at Westminster College in London , whose alumni include Jamie Oliver , where he won student of the year . He has gone on to win various other awards from the national food guides , including the Michelin guide . Mr Collins , who lives in Oxford , has cooked for a number of high-profile people ranging from royalty to politicians . He launched his business Chef Paul Collins in May 2011 , which offers bespoke dining for home dinner parties . His day starts at 5 am , before he has a two-hour drive to Blagdon . He said : ` I do n't mind because I get to start thinking about the dishes I want to make . A typical day for me is n't just about food -- it might involve interviewing staff and discussing ideas with Sarah Mead , as well as creating new recipes . ` I hate being pigeon-holed into a specific 9 to 5 , Monday to Friday job . Instead , I finish when I 'm happy . I always have a list of jobs I need to achieve , and I like to push and challenge myself because you never know what tomorrow morning bring . He added : ` I enjoy talking to local people about being self-sufficient and eating seasonally . ` Some people say that cooking seasonally becomes boring in the winter , because at that time all you have are brassicas , parsnips and swedes . You can actually do some really lovely things with those ingredients , as long as you treat them with respect . '