With a 45,000 sq ft spa , 21 treatment rooms , a two Michelin-star restaurant and eight swimming pools , it 's no wonder celebrities flock to the award-winning Pennyhill Park . Nestled in the pretty Surrey countryside in Bagshot , the luxury spa and hotel has attracted so many famous names since it opened , it looks like a who 's who of the celebrity world . Daniel Craig , Nicole Kidman , Cameron Diaz , Justin Timberlake , Catherine Zeta-Jones , Michael Douglas , Lewis Hamilton and Russell Crowe have all enjoyed some time at the venue . Nestled in the pretty Surrey countryside in Bagshot , the luxury spa and hotel has attracted many celebrities . Pennyhill Park has heated outdoor hot tubs , hydrotherapy pools and a 25-metre heated swimming pool . Celebrities including Nicole Kidman and Daniel Craig are regulars at Pennyhill Park . And the England Rugby Team had Pennyhill Park -- which has recently unveiled a £ 500,000 makeover to its spa -- as their training base for the Rugby World Cup . The historic property , which according to the Tithe Land Registry of 1609 is on the site of a warning beacon used as part of the defences against the Spanish Armada in 1588 , was first built in 1851 . It then changed hands to a Frankfurt banker in 1879 , and an Orangery -- the site of the current spa -- was added in 1881 . Pennyhill was used as a rest house during the First World War . Exclusive Hotels then bought it and transformed it into a world-class five-star hotel . Today , it 's a sight to behold , mixing history with modern luxury . It 's a wedding venue , a delightful spot for afternoon tea , and is perfectly placed close to Ascot , Sunningdale and Wentworth for golf and racing lovers . The spa offers the best in treatments delivered in stylish , chic treatment rooms . Pennyhill Park boasts a 45,000 sq ft spa , 21 treatment rooms , and eight swimming pools . Inside the high-end hotel -LRB- which also boasts a helipad -RRB- are 123 guest rooms -- all of which are individually designed so no two are the same . I 'm staying in the plush Silver Birch suite , which boasts a sumptuous four-poster bed featuring a super-comfortable handmade mattress -- as well as a pillow menu . The rustic design blends antique with contemporary , dark mahoganies with pastel hues , giving the interior a grand air . However , the piece de resistance is the bathroom . It 's larger than the actual bedroom , with huge apex ceilings . It features two , free-standing white volcanic limestone baths , separated by a Champagne chiller , and a large flat-screen TV recessed into the wall . Guests can take full advantage of Thermal Heaven at the spa , exploring its various treatment rooms . The spa boasts an extensive outdoor decking area along with seating for up to 200 people . It 's stunning . And for those who do n't fancy a soak in the tub , there 's a huge shower in which you can experience various settings from the rain curtain and the head spray to cold water mist and body spray . Although the number of buttons and settings does become quite confusing . My friend and I wander down to the spa , which boasts an extensive outdoor decking area along with seating for up to 200 people , featuring dining tables and luxurious loungers . The bathroom features two , free-standing white volcanic limestone baths , separated by a Champagne chiller . The rustic design blends antique with contemporary , dark mahoganies with pastel hues . There are heated outdoor hot tubs , with varying powerjets , a Jacuzzi , hydrotherapy pools and a 25-metre heated swimming pool . There 's also a bar with a Pimms pump ; perfect for the summer BBQ season . Once inside the spa , which has received ` 5 Bubbles ' from The Good Spa Guide , guests can take full advantage of Thermal Heaven . We spent a few hours going from room to room -- enjoying herbal saunas , aromatic laconium , tepidarium , ice cave , schnapps steam room and foot massage thrones . After , we go for a swim in the crystal blue 25-metre indoor pool -- which also features underwater music . Surrounding it are cosy loungers where you can while away a few hours reading or having a snooze . It really is a haven of tranquility . We stay for lunch in the spa where guests are encouraged to wear their fluffy white robes while they eat . The various spa therapy rooms mix sweltering saunas with icy plunge pools and everything in between . Pennyhill Park is perfectly placed close to Ascot , Sunningdale and Wentworth for golf and racing lovers . I help myself to the gourmet salad bar , featuring dishes such as swordfish steak , chicken quinoa salad and tiger prawn noodles . There 's also a juice bar and a menu featuring sirloin steak , sea bass and tortilla wraps . We spend the afternoon in and out of the various spa therapy rooms , mixing sweltering saunas with icy plunge pools and everything in between . I 'm booked in for a vitality massage , and emerge an hour later like I 'm walking on air . It 's up there with the best massagers I 've ever had -- incorporating traditional Swedish techniques which aim to boost circulation and restore vitality . I find myself dozing off despite having an already-relaxing day . The Brasserie -LRB- 2 AA Rosettes -RRB- is Pennyhill 's contemporary , relaxed restaurant , affording views over the stunning grounds . During lunch in the spa , guests are encouraged to wear their fluffy white robes while they eat . Guests are spoiled for choice when it comes to dining options . There 's Michael Wignall at The Latymer -LRB- two Michelin stars and fiveAA Rosettes -RRB- -- a 50 cover restaurant serving stunningly-crafted dishes . The elite Chef 's Table , a private dining option which opens for a minimum of six and a maximum of eight people . And the Ascot Bar -- ideal for meeting for pre/post dinner drinks or to enjoy light meals or afternoon tea . So that evening , we enjoy a drink at the bar before being seated in The Brasserie -LRB- 2 AA Rosettes -RRB- , Pennyhill 's contemporary , relaxed restaurant affording views over the stunning grounds . Michael Wignall at The Latymer -LRB- two Michelin stars and five AA Rosettes -RRB- serves stunningly-crafted dishes . The menu is full to the brim with delicious-sounding main courses and desserts . The menu is full to the brim with delicious-sounding dishes . There 's a trio of Gressingham duck , compressed watermelon , English asparagus and aged balsamic for starters ; braised shoulder of lamb and loin , haricot bean fricassee , spring cabbage , smoked celeriac puree and lamb caper jus for main ; and valrhona 70 per cent hot chocolate fondant , Cocoa streusel , white coffee ice cream for dessert . There 's also goat cheese parcel , butternut squash risotto and roast chestnut gnocchi for vegetarians . It 's a perfect ending to a perfect day . We head back to our room for what turns out to be a fantastic night 's sleep . If you end up leaving Pennyhill Park feeling this invigorated , it 's no wonder A-listers keep heading back for more . The total price of a similar stay at Pennyhill Park is £ 750 to £ 850 , depending on availability . It includes a three course meal at the Brasserie plus a bottle of house wine and mineral water , overnight accommodation in an Exclusive Junior Suite , full English breakfast , and full use of the spa facilities from 3 pm on the day of your arrival to 2 pm on the day of your departure . As an extra , the 60-minute vitality massage was priced at £ 105 . Pennyhill Park Hotel & The Spa . London Road , Bagshot , Surrey , GU19 5EU . 01276 486156 .