Fireman Stephen Hunt , 38 , died after he and a colleague got into difficulties battling a fire started at Paul 's Hair World in Manchester 's Northern Quarter on July 13 , 2013 . A 16-year-old girl charged with arson after she discarded a cigarette causing a city centre shop blaze which claimed the life of a firefighter had the charge dropped today after a judge said she was ` guilty only of being careless ' . Fireman Stephen Hunt , 38 , lost his life tackling the inferno which began at Paul 's Hair World in Manchester 's Northern Quarter almost two years ago . The girl - who was just 15 at the time - is said to have dropped a cigarette to the floor while standing near the shop 's fire exit which rolled underneath the door and set boxes alight . She was originally charged with arson being reckless as to whether life was endangered , but was cleared having been due to stand trial on Monday . After more than a year of legal wrangling , with scientists initially stating that the fire could not have been started accidentally , further investigation led to the conclusion a discarded cigarette could have been the cause . More than 60 firefighters battled the blaze , which erupted on July 13 , 2013 , as frightened passers-by watched on . Father-of-two Mr Hunt , of Whitefield , Manchester , and another fireman , got into difficulties while tackling the fire and they were rushed to hospital where Mr Hunt was pronounced dead . At Manchester Crown Court , prosecutor Alexander Leach said thin and damaged cardboard boxes and paper labels stored behind the fire door at the business may well have caught fire if a cigarette was discarded . He said : ` Combined with the suggestion that boxes may have been on top of the smouldering cigarette , compressing and containing the heat , this made it more likely items would ignite . The salon was totally gutted when an inferno started by a discarded cigarette ripped through it . The 16-year-old girl who started the fire was today told she will not face trial for arson as she had only been ` careless ' The family of Stephen Hunt visit the scene where he died . The girl who started the fire is said to have dropped a cigarette while standing near the shop 's fire exit which rolled underneath the door and set boxes alight . Firefighters enter the remains of music venue NQ Live in Manchester which was also destroyed by the fire -LRB- left -RRB- . Dozens of floral tributes to fireman Stephen Hunt were left at the scene -LRB- right -RRB- . ` It was a hot day and there was a gap beneath the door and as a result experts were unable to exclude a chimney effect as air was drawn under the gap underneath the door and the fire began . ` The conclusion is the Crown 's case , which had previously been based on scientific evidence which excluded accidental ignition , can no longer be sustained , so I offer no evidence . ' The teenager , who did not attend court , was initially arrested along with another 15-year-old girl but she was the only one charged . Throwing the case out , Judge Michael Henshell said : ` I spent some time reading the papers and reports and it is perfectly obvious this terrible and tragic case demonstrates the danger and potential danger from discarded cigarettes . A fireman patrols the scene in Manchester 's Northern Quarter where his colleague was killed . More than 1,000 firefighters , emergency service staff and members of the public lined the streets of Bury for Mr Hunt 's funeral . More than 60 firefighters battled the blaze , which erupted on July 13 , 2013 , as passers-by watched on . ` This was discarded without any thought and as a result a fire started in circumstances which were particular to the site in question , resulting in extensive damage and costing the life of a man who , as part of his employment , was there to protect life and property . ` It was a terrible consequence for a thoughtless act . The girl who had been charged and faced trial was , in fact , blameless so far as criminal law is concerned and guilty only of being careless . ' In September 2013 more than 1,000 firefighters , emergency service staff and members of the public lined the streets of Bury for Mr Hunt 's funeral . In a tribute to him at his funeral , his son Sam said : ` To me , he was n't just my dad but my hero , my role model and my best friend . ' Following the hearing today , a spokesperson for Greater Manchester Fire and Rescue Service said : ` We have made no comment on any aspect of the incident and are unlikely to do so until the coroner 's inquest into Stephen 's death has concluded . ` Safe to say we continue to work with everyone involved in various investigations to find the truth of what happened , not least for Stephen 's family but for everyone involved and especially our firefighters . '