Swansea boss Garry Monk has responded to speculation linking him to the West Ham job by insisting the perfect man to manage the club is already in place at Upton Park . Sam Allardyce 's current contract expires at the end of the season , and it has been suggested West Ham 's owners might go in a different direction ahead of the club 's move to the Olympic Stadium at the start of the 2016-17 campaign . Monk has been touted as a potential candidate after leading Swansea to a record-equalling 47 Barclays Premier League points with six games left , but the 36-year-old expressed his bemusement should the London club look elsewhere this summer . West Ham manager Sam Allardyce is out of contract at the end of the season and could leave the club . Garry Monk has been touted as a potential replacement but insists Allardyce is a perfect fit for West Ham . Allardyce has overseen a solid season in the league so far this term and the Hammers are ninth in the table . ` West Ham have a fantastic manager in place , ' Monk said ahead of Swansea 's trip to bottom-placed Leicester on Saturday . ` For them to be looking elsewhere - if they are - I think they 've already got the manager there who 's had a fantastic season . ` West Ham have done exceptionally well this season , progressed again , and that 's what you want from a club . ' Eighth-placed Swansea are four points better off than the Hammers , who have slipped to ninth after a wretched run of only two wins in their last 14 league games . Monk , the youngest manager in the Premier League , has also earned plaudits for the way Swansea have played this season and kept his side on track following the January sale of top scorer Wilfried Bony to Manchester City . ` I look at that type of speculation as a compliment to the way myself and the team have worked this season , ' Monk said . Swansea have had to cope with the January sale of star player Wilfried Bony to Manchester City for £ 28m . ` It shows we 're progressing and going in the right direction . ` But West Ham is nothing to do with me . My focus is purely on Swansea and wishing to finish the season strong - and that will remain my focus . ` The points record was a target we talked about , we committed to the work we wanted to put in place and to achieve it . ` The players deserve massive credit but the whole thing is to get past it and we have six games to hopefully do that . ` We 've just focussed on the next game , rather than positions , and that is the same this weekend . ` I 'm surprised where Leicester are because of the quality they have , but they 've put themselves in a good position to try to get out of it , so we 've got to make sure our attitude and mentality is right . ' Swansea 's French forward Bafetimbi Gomis -LRB- left -RRB- has been sidelined for a month with a hamstring injury . Swansea must do without striker Bafetimbi Gomis for the next month as the France international will be sidelined by a hamstring injury picked up against Everton last weekend . Gomis had scored four goals in his last seven games and Monk admits the striker 's loss has come at the wrong time . ` It 's a blow because he 's been very confident and showing why I brought him to the club , ' Monk said . ` He 's been a big player for us and it 's disappointing because he was hitting a great bit of form , scoring goals and contributing to the team . ` I 'm sure Bafe will come back fresh and he has the ability to really make a mark here , but it 's a chance for someone else to step up and score some goals . ' Swansea goalkeepers Lukasz Fabianski -LRB- left -RRB- and David Cornell -LRB- right -RRB- train ahead of the game with Leicester . Swansea left-back Neil Taylor -LRB- left -RRB- trains with his team-mates at the Fairwood Training Centre on Wednesday .