A newlywed husband who was stabbed to death in a hotel room had solicited his murderer during a Craigslist exchange for gay sex , according to new court records on Thursday . Jamyra Gallmon , 21 , has been charged with first-degree murder while armed for allegedly killing David Messerschmitt , 30 , on February 9 in Washington , D.C. . The woman admitted to police that she set up the lawyer using a masculine-sounding email address and went to the upscale Donovan hotel with the intention of robbing him . Scroll down for video . Jamyra Gallmon , 21 , -LRB- pictured graduating from her military academy high school -RRB- has been charged with first-degree felony murder while armed for allegedly stabbing to death 30-year-old David Messerschmitt on February 9 . David Messerschmitt -LRB- pictured with his wife Kim -RRB- was found dead in his DC hotel room in February . An affidavit revealed on Thursday that he had been soliciting sex from men through Craigslist . According to Gallmon , who was seen on surveillance camera entering the hotel wearing androgynous clothing including black boots , black pants and a black hooded jacket , the room door was open when she arrived . The affidavit stated that the pair got into a struggle and the defendant pulled a knife from her pants and stabbed the victim repeatedly until he fell to the floor where she stabbed him several more times . The victim was found with multiple stab wounds to the back , groin and abdomen along with one wound which pierced his heart and another which hit his spinal cord . His hands had been bound with zip-ties into a pair of makeshift cuffs . His hands were covered in defensive wounds . Messerschmitt had texted his wife Kim Vuong at 7.45 pm on February 9 to tell her he would be home in an hour after leaving his law office . He never returned and the next day he was found dead at his hotel room with ` various credit cards strewn about ' . He death was declared a homicide . Among the items recovered from the room were a computer , lubricant , condoms , cell phone and enema kit , Fox DC reported . Fingerprints were also found in the room . Investigators discovered that Messerschmitt had posted a Craigslist ad on February 9 , soliciting responses from other men , using ` dcguy456 ' . The lawyer began an exchange with an individual , using the name ` chrissanchez0906 ' , around 2 pm which continued throughout the day . Messerschmitt told the individual his room number at the hotel and gave a meeting time of 7 pm - 7.30 pm . The email address that the lawyer had been in contact with was linked to Gallmon . On a search of the woman 's DC apartment , police found a knife , black boots and gloves , and a pack of zip ties . A discussion in the comments section of a Queerty.com article about Mr Messerschmitt 's murder in February included users referencing interactions with an individual using the handle ` dcguy456 ' . One commenter said that ` dcguy456 ' had previously posted on the 'M 4M ' -LRB- men for men -RRB- section of Craigslist and identified himself as bisexual . Another individual 's post claimed that he had exchanged emails with ` dcguy456 ` and met up with him several years ago . A woman has been arrested in connection to the murder of 30-year-old Washington , DC lawyer David Messerschmitt . Above , the ` person of interest ' who was caught on surveillance video entering the hotel where Messerschmitt was killed on February 9 . Police confirmed that this was Gallmon . Jamyra Gallmon attended Forestville Military Academy in Maryland and was an exemplary student , a teacher said on Thursday . According to an affidavit , it is believed that Mr Messerschmitt got her to come to his hotel room believing that he was soliciting a man . Gallmon made an initial appearance on the felony murder charge Superior Court in DC on Thursday . The 21-year-old attended the Forestville Military Academy in Maryland , a coach toldFox 5 on Thursday and had been an exemplary student . She graduated in 2011 . Her mother told NBC that her daughter had never been in trouble before and had an ambition to join the military . Coach and teacher , Vincent McDuffie , told the station that she had wanted to play basketball in college but had suffered a knee injury . He said that her supportive family always turned up to watch her high school games . According to the police report , Messerchmitt left his work at law film , DLA Piper , around 5.30 pm on February 9 and texted his wife a couple of hours later to say he would back at their Capitol Hill home in an hour . The couple reportedly had not seen each other since February 8 , but Vuong did n't think anything seemed wrong with her husband . She reported him missing at midnight , saying it was unlike him to disappear and that usually he got home before her . Messerschmitt was found dead in his room the next day and pronounced dead at the scene . Authorities have arrested a Washington , DC woman named Jamyra Gallmon for the crime . On the left , another view of the person of interest on CCTV and on the right , Messerschmitt . Police sources told NBC Washington that the woman in the surveillance video is Gallmon . Messerschmitt texted his wife Kim Vuong on February 9 that he would be home in an hour but never showed . It appears he had gone to the Donovan hotel after arranging to have sex with an individual on Craigslist who he believed to be a man . Gallmon 's mother said that her 21-year-old daughter -LRB- pictured -RRB- had never been in trouble before and had an ambition to join the military . She told police she stabbed the lawyer multiple times , according to an affidavit . Last week , Messerchmitt 's wife gave an emotional speech , asking for help in finding her husband 's killer . ` The world has lost a good person . David 's family : a son and brother , and I have lost everything : my husband and my best friend . In one day , I lost the most important person in my life and the man I loved so much . And I have no answers , ' she said . A Cincinnati native , Messerchmitt attended Ohio State University where he met his wife . He went on to study law at Boston University before working at a firm in Chicago . He then worked at two more firms in the D.C. area before transferring to DLA Piper last year , as a specialist in intellectual property law . Emotional : Last week , Messerschmitt 's wife , Kim Vuong , held a press conference , asking for help in locating her husband 's killer . Gallmon told police she had gone to the Donovan hotel -LRB- pictured -RRB- with the intention of robbing Mr Messerchmitt . He was found stabbed to death in his hotel room on February 10 .