From clipping nails to a plastic bag filled with urine , these photographs show the horrible airline passengers who carry on the unnecessary baggage . Disgruntled flyers and flight attendants from around the globe , have taken their frustration to social media to shame feral passengers with annoying habits - and the results are sure to shock . They include a feet being wedged in between seats or near other passenger 's head , rubbish being trashed in seat pockets and bathrooms while others are taking up more space than necessary . Scroll down for video . One traveller has snapped a picture of himself enduring the close proximity of another passenger 's foot . Disgusting : One flight attendant found a surprise under one of the seats - a plastic bag filled with urine . Other photos show two passengers wearing face masks , a male traveller working out in the aisle while one of the cutest passengers to hit the air was a bulldog that was seen in a security vest . The images , captured by anonymous travellers , were posted on former flight attendant Shawn Kathleen 's Instagram account Passenger Shaming . The page follows after Ms Kathleen , who worked as a flight attendant for seven years , started the group on Facebook to highlight the less than desirable habits some have adopted while flying . She has previously mentioned some her most feared habits , including people who do n't flush the toilet and people going into the bathroom without shoes or socks . Got it nailed : This passenger decided being seated on a busy plane was the perfect time to clip his fingernails . One of the cutest passengers to hit the air was a bulldog in a security vest that was seen resting beside a seat . Toe the line : One passenger got a little too comfortable , pushing both feet through to the seas in front . One of the popular yet annoying habits are people resting their feet on any surface they could reach , including walls and near people 's heads as as well sleeping with their feet in awkward positions . Since its inception , the page has attracted worldwide attention from passengers and flight attendants with its Instagram page now has nearly 240,000 followers . Recent photos in the past months show a potty in the aisle , people sleeping in inappropriate places , passengers resting their feet on tray tables and walls and dirty nappies stuffed in the seat pockets . Photos of unsupervised children vandalising the aeroplane with stickers and an unwrapped condom found under a seat have also made the cut for Passenger Shaming . This is n't working out : One passenger thought it was a good time to do a work-out session during a flight . Socks appeal : A weary traveller decided to prop his feet up against a wall - over another passenger .