With his arm around his little sister , both of them looking out at the blue water , it 's an image that shows the unbreakable bond between a brother and sister . It is also an image that makes the fatal crash on a rain-soaked road all the more tragic - the devoted siblings died within hours of each other . Piper Kulk , 8 , on the right of the family snap caption ` our babies ' , died on Sunday morning , hours after the accident on the NSW Central Coast , when the car being driven by their grandmother , Helen Boddy , 54 , aqua-planed and swerved into the path of an oncoming ute . Piper 's brother William , 9 , on the left of the image , died in hospital on Sunday evening . Together with their older brother Daniel , 12 , and mother Chantelle , 31 , they had spent the day at the Royal Easter Show in Sydney and had just been picked up from a nearby train station by their grandmother . Daniel and Chantelle are still in hospital . Tributes have poured in for two siblings killed on their way home from the Royal Easter Show in Sydney . Nine-year-old William Kulk -LRB- left -RRB- and eight-year-old Piper Kulk -LRB- right -RRB- were both killed in the head-on crash . A relative posted the heartbreaking photo of William with has arm around Piper looking out at the water and more than $ 32,000 has already been raised online to help the devastated family after a Gofundme page was set up to cover the cost of their funerals . Both children attended Budgewoi Public School , where a floral memorial has been laid , and also played rugby league with the Budgewoi-Buff Point Bulldogs , the Daily Telegraph reports . It is believed Mrs Boddy 's Holden Astra aqua-planed , spun out of control and ended up on the other side of the road when it collided with a ute . All three siblings were sitting in the back of the car when the accident occurred . A relative told The Daily Telegraph : ` We 're just devastated . ' Piper Hulk , 8 , died in the horrific accident near Doyalson in NSW Central Coast on Saturday . Warwick Milham got the call his wife and daughter had both been injured in the crash . Glenda Milham -LRB- left -RRB- suffered a fractured neck , while daughter , Michelle -LRB- right -RRB- , had broken bones . The incident also left passengers in the ute involved in the accident on Wyee Road near Doyalson with severe injuries . Warwick Milham arrived at the scene after hearing his wife , Glenda , and daughter , Michelle , were involved . Glenda suffered a fractured neck while Michelle had broken bones . ` It was a horrendous scene . I would n't wish it upon anybody , ' Mr Milham told 9News . The seven people involved in the crash were all trapped in the wreckage before being released from the two vehicles by emergency services . The two boys , Daniel and William , were airlifted to The Children 's Hospital at Westmead and William later succumbed to his injuries . Daniel is now in a stable condition . Heavy rain caused a car containing two adults and three children to spin out of control , colliding with a ute . The seven people involved in the crash , which happened about 5.15 pm on Saturday , were all trapped in the wreckage before being released from the two vehicles by emergency services . Wyee Road was closed for seven hours while Crash Investigation Unit police examined the scene . ` When you get behind the wheel you accept the risks that go with it and that includes the real possibility you will change your family 's life or that of another family forever , ' Assistant Commissioner John Hartley said at the weekend . ` As wet weather is expected to continue across the remainder of Easter -- I am urging all road users to slow down , adjust to the conditions and leave more room than usual between your vehicle and the one in front of you . ' Piper died on Sunday morning , while her brother William died later that night . All women sustained fractures in the crash and were taken to John Hunter Hospital . They are reported to be in stable conditions . The crash follows the death of a two-year-old girl on Friday when a ute rolled over in South Australia . A 33-year-old man died in another rollover incident in Western Australia the same day . A couple and their two young children also narrowly avoided an Easter tragedy after a head-on crash with an allegedly drunk driver in NSW 's Hawkesbury region . A 29-year-old Stanhope Gardens man was travelling with his wife , two-year-old son and one-month-old daughter , when the crash happened in Webb 's Creek on Friday afternoon . All four were uninjured , but all the airbags in the car deployed in the crash . The driver of the second car , a 54-year-old Lower Portland man who was also not hurt , returned a positive reading of 0.120 . The man was later charged with mid-range drink-driving and driving an unregistered vehicle . He was issued a field court attendance notice to appear before Windsor Local Court on May 14 .