Forecasters cautioned millions of people in Middle America to keep an eye to the sky Wednesday and Thursday amid threats of hail , high winds and strong tornadoes . The Storm Prediction Center , in a midday update to its forecast Wednesday , upgraded to its second-highest advisory level - a moderate risk - while stressing that a significant tornado or two could form in a narrow stretch from northern Oklahoma to central Missouri . Strong storms swamped Indianapolis , Cincinnati and Charleston , West Virginia , at midday Wednesday and forecasters said more severe weather could form as far away as the plains of West Texas . Scroll down for video . Warning : Some 34 million Midwesterners have been warned of possible powerful tornadoes as a dangerous thunderstorms pummeled the region Wednesday and into Thursday . Not over : A driver in a lifted four wheel drive truck negotiates the deep flood waters on South Shore Drive east of Green Briar Lane after a severe thunderstorm and tornado warning passed through the northeast side of Monroe County , Indiana Wednesday . Indiana State Police said high winds toppled a tractor-trailer on Interstate 69 near Evansville , while utilities reported a number of power outages after wind gusts reached 70 mph . Fewer than 1 million people were in Wednesday 's ` moderate risk ' area between Wichita , Kansas , and Jefferson City , Missouri , but 34 million were under at least a slight risk of seeing damaging winds , large hail and possibly a tornado . Emergency managers in Kansas and Illinois huddled separately to address the approaching storms . Kansas officials warned that hail could be the size of baseballs , while Illinois officials told residents they should be prepared to seek shelter if bad weather arrives . This car saw the wrong end of a couple of the giant hail stones that fell on Johnson County , Kentucky on Wednesday . Big stones : Hail the size of baseballs battered Missouri , Kentucky and Kansas earlier Wednesday and threatened to do more damage Wednesday night and into Thursday . These fell to Earth in Morgan County , Kentucky around 3 pm Central on Wednesday . Rolling through : Strong storms swamped Indianapolis , Cincinnati and Charleston , West Virginia , at midday Wednesday and forecasters said more severe weather could form as far away as the plains of West Texas -LRB- map courtesy Weather Channel -RRB- . Pressure : This NOAA satellite image taken Wednesday showing areas of low pressure systems that is creating areas of severe weather , showers , and thunderstorms . To the south is an area of high pressure , keeping the Southeast clear with calm weather . Heat , humidity and the approach of a cold front and a jet stream could cause severe weather on Thursday , too . Forecasters said 57 million people were at an ` enhanced risk ' of seeing storms nearby , including residents in Chicago , Detroit and St. Louis , as well as those in Memphis , Tennessee , and Little Rock , Arkansas . Areas that do n't see strong storms Thursday could see heavy rain instead . The Storm Prediction Center said Wednesday 's storms in the southern Plains could be significant - defined as having 2-inch hail , 75 mph winds and tornado damage rated at EF2 or higher . Emergency officials said a tornado touched down briefly Tuesday night in southeastern Kansas . Parts of Missouri and Indiana also had severe weather Tuesday . Heat , humidity and the approach of a cold front and a jet stream could cause severe weather on Thursday , too . Forecasters said 57 million people were at an ` enhanced risk ' of seeing storms nearby , including residents in Chicago , Detroit and St. Louis , as well as those in Memphis , Tennessee , and Little Rock , Arkansas . h/t Accuweather , Weather Channel .