A waterfall gushing over the Harbour Bridge , a man surfing waves in front of the Opera House and a crocodile stalking flood water inside a train station are just a few of the fake photos to emerge from the Sydney storm . Social media users were left scratching their heads over some of the manipulated snaps being shared during New South Wales ' worst storm in a decade , including an image of a family-sized trampoline caught on power lines . While there were many genuine dramatic photos to emerge from the devastating storm , such as torn up roads and floating houses , not all of them were quite what they seemed . A waterfall gushing over Sydney 's iconic Harbour Bridge while two people watched on was just one Photoshop photo to come out of New South Wales ' worst storm in a decade . In Lewisham , a suburb in the Inner West of Sydney , an unlikely visitor was spotted in the flood water at the train station . Eagle-eyed Twitter users pointed out that the large trampoline believed to have blown into the sky in the cyclone-strength gusts in NSW was actually a victim of Hurricane Sandy in Milford , Connecticut , USA . The crocodile at the bottom of the steps in Lewisham station was merely an imaginative prank , as was a reused Photoshop snap of sharks swimming at the bottom of a train station escalator . And the video of a wave rider surfing in front of Sydney 's Opera House was nothing but a hoax -- even when it started trending for a second time . The clip was uploaded to Twitter on Tuesday morning by popular Sydney radio duo Fitzy and Wippa , before quickly being reposted by a spell of other sources . A hoax video showing a wave rider surfing in front of the Sydney 's Opera House was trending not once but twice . Eagle-eyed Twitter users pointed out that the large trampoline believed to have blown into the sky in the cyclone-strength gusts in NSW was actually a victim of Hurricane Sandy in Milford , Connecticut , USA . The more unbelievable Photoshop jobs included a photo of Noah 's Ark majestically cruising into Sydney Harbour amidst a grey stormy backdrop and a Bondi house with sand pouring through its doors . The Bondi prank came after sand was blown over the famous beachside suburb 's promenade and skate park in real life photos . In other jaw-dropping pictures , the storm water in Sydney 's CBD had submerged the Opera House and knocked over the giant office blocks on the Harbour 's front while a helicopter rescued a person from the flood . And in a nod to the #umbrellageddon hashtag that emerged on social media as Sydneysiders posted photos of their umbrellas destroyed and abandoned in the gutters , one Reddit user shared a picture of soldiers in The Marine Corps War Memorial in Arlington , Virginia , holding up an umbrella instead of the American flag . In one of the more unbelievable Photoshop jobs Noah 's Ark majestically cruises into Sydney Harbour amidst a grey stormy backdrop . A couple of great whites were left stranded at the bottom of a train station escalator in this imaginative Photoshop image . Photoshop master Godwin Grech posted a series of manipulated photos on Twitter , including this image of destruction with the caption : ' #SydneyStorm is getting pretty serious now ' A Bondi house was pictured with sand pouring through its doors after sand was blown over the famous beachside suburb 's promenade and skate park in real life photos . The storm water in Sydney 's CBD had submerged the Opera House forcing a person to be rescued by helicopter in this photo . And in a nod to the #umbrellageddon hashtag that emerged on social media as Sydneysiders posted photos of their umbrellas destroyed , one Reddit user shared a picture of soldiers in The Marine Corps War Memorial in Arlington , Virginia , holding up an umbrella instead of the American flag .