The Mail is asking you to nominate mothers who have created businesses from scratch , while also caring for their children , for our first ever Mumpreneur Of The Year Award , in association with NatWest everywoman Awards . Today 's nominee is Petra Wetzel , 40 , a divorcee who lives in Glasgow with her son , Noah , nine . She set up her own business , the WEST brewery , in 2006 ... Listening to the Italian businessman on the other end of the line , Petra could see pound signs in front of her eyes . He had heard about the huge popularity of Petra 's bottled beer . Now he wanted to meet to discuss importing it in bulk to Italy . It was a fantastic opportunity . But , as she consulted her diary , Petra -- who runs one of Britain 's most successful small breweries , knew what her answer had to be . Petra Wetzel , 40 -LRB- pictured -RRB- , is a divorcee who lives in Glasgow with her son , Noah , nine -LRB- pictured -RRB- . She set up her own business , the WEST brewery , in 2006 . ` He could only offer me a two-hour slot bang in the middle of my son 's sports day last year , ' recalls Petra . ` I had to say No . I 'm a businesswoman , but I 'm a mum first . ' Blonde , attractive and the founder of one of Britain 's most successful small breweries with an annual turnover just shy of £ 10 million , Petra may well be every man 's dream . But she says with a laugh : ` I sound like a real catch . But the truth is I 'm fiercely independent , stubborn and work long hours . The only man in my life is Noah . He 's my priority and the reason I drive myself so hard . ' As a single mother , running a hugely successful business is a tall order . What makes Petra 's success even more extraordinary is that she started her company when Noah was just a baby -- and in the wake of a broken marriage . Petra 's flagship beer , St Mungo lager , is stocked in 100 branches of Waitrose in the UK as well as in branches of Tesco in Scotland . And later this year she is opening a second brewery in Glasgow to cope with demand . The germ of the idea came in 1994 when Petra , who was born in Germany , was having a drink with her father , Herbert , in a pub . ` I was studying at Glasgow University and Dad had come to visit , ' she recalls . Petra -LRB- pictured -RRB- was inspired to start her own brewery when her father visited her Glasgow and she realised that the city did n't have its own brewery . He ordered a pint of local lager , took a sip and winced . Then he asked what the best Glasgow lager was and , to my horror , I realised I did n't know . ` In Germany , every village and town has a good brewery . It 's something people are proud of and want to show off to visitors . He could n't believe that a city like Glasgow did n't have its own brewery . It got me thinking . ' Twelve years later , Petra opened a small brewery and beer hall/restaurant with her then husband , Gordon , with the help of a loan from her parents . ` I met Gordon at university and married him in December 2000 , ' recalls Petra . ` We both had first-class business degrees and , naively , I thought that meant we could easily run a business . I was working as a lawyer , so we agreed Gordon would take charge and I would take a back seat . ' WEST Brewing Company opened in March 2006 , just eight months after Noah was born . ` He was conceived on a trip to Chicago , where we 'd gone to learn about brewing , ' Petra recalls . ` I had been told that I could never have children so , although the timing was terrible because of the new business , we were both ecstatic . ' She adds : ` We had bills to pay , so I was working three days a week just two months after Noah arrived . With my legal job and a newborn , I did n't have time to think about the business . Besides , I thought it was in safe hands . ' The WEST Brewing Company opened in March 2006 , just eight months after Petra 's son , Noah was born . She initially started the company with Gordan , her then husband . However , in October 2006 , when Noah was just three months old , Petra 's life went into free fall when her marriage fell apart . ` I was so devastated , I decided to step away from the business . I focused on looking after Noah and my job . ' However , in December 2007 , a little over a year after the break-up of their marriage , Petra had another shock : the business was in crisis . ` Gordon was away when the butcher who supplied our restaurant rang and threatened to set fire to my car , ' she recalls . ` It turned out the company owed him thousands . ` When I went round to the company 's office . I filled a black bin liner with our unpaid invoices , went home and spent the night going over them . We had debts up to our eyeballs . ' Many women would have quit . But looking at her son , Petra realised she did n't have a choice . ` It was sink or swim . Noah gave me the confidence I needed , ' says Petra . ` We had ploughed my inheritance into the business . It was all I had . Besides , I knew I 'd hit on a great idea . All it needed was graft to make it work . My parents agreed to look after Noah for seven weeks in Germany . The company went into administration . I called in a brilliant firm of accountants and worked flat out on a plan for the future . Petra -LRB- pictured with Noah -RRB- says her son gave her the confidence she needed to carry on with the business even after the initial struggles . ` It was tough . Noah went into full-time day care and most nights I would still be at my laptop at 1 am . Many times , I sobbed myself to sleep . I felt way out of my depth , but I became good at multi-tasking . ` I quit my legal job and bought the assets out of the hands of administrators and began building it , single-handedly , into the thriving company it is today . We are now a beer brand as well as a restaurant and beer hall . And our flagship beer , St Mungo lager , is sold worldwide . We are just about to send a consignment to Hong Kong . Of course , I have to make tough choices . I could beat myself up about not being there enough for Noah . I 've lost count of the number of times he will be in the car and I have to shush him because I 'm taking an important call . ` But feeling guilty is just a waste of energy . Noah knows he 's my priority . We are a very tight unit -- particularly as his father now lives in America . We have the most wonderful full-time nanny , Helen , who Noah adores , and I spend every second I 'm not working with him . ` Recently he said : `` Mum you are a brilliant Mum and a brilliant Dad . '' That meant the world to me . ` And thanks to the business , we have a great lifestyle . For my 40th birthday I bought us a treat : a speedboat . It 's moored at Loch Lomond and zipping up and down the water at weekends makes a tough working week worthwhile . '