An Italian former policeman has been found guilty of raping a 16-year-old Australian girl after luring her to his home via a couch-surfing website . Dino Maglio , who is on trial in Padua , northern Italy , was sentenced to six and a half years in prison on Tuesday after the girl reported being drugged and raped while staying at his home . Prosecutors said Maglio spiked a glass of Baileys liqueur the girl was drinking with a tranquilliser pill . Maglio claimed sex with the girl , who was under-age at the time , was consensual but admitted he was ` stupid ' to spike her drink . Boris Dubini , who represents the teenager , says Maglio 's claim that the sex was consensual was nonsense given the tranquilliser he gave her turned her into a ` rag doll ' and she could n't resist . Former Italian police officer Dino Maglio -LRB- pictured right -RRB- has been found guilty of raping a 16-year-old girl . Maglio was ordered to pay € 60,000 -LRB- $ 83,000 -RRB- to the victim and € 15,000 -LRB- $ 20,000 -RRB- to her mother , who was travelling with her at the time , the Guardian reports . The Investigative Reporting Project Italy -LRB- IRPO -RRB- carried out a year-long investigation into Maglio , collecting 14 testimonies from women who claimed they were assaulted by him after using the host-a-traveller website to arrange accommodation . The policeman was accused of using the name of Leon on Couchsurfing.com . The case has raised safety concerns surrounding the social networking site , which puts travellers in touch with hosts who are willing to put them up and show them around their home-towns for free . It has been linked to several alleged sexual assaults over the years , including the rape of a Hong Kong tourist in Leeds , according to the Guardian . The 35-year-old has admitted drugging her with a tranquilliser and having sex , even though he knew she was under-age . Maglio has admitted spiking a drink of Baileys liqueur belonging to the 16-year-old with a sedative , and when asked why he told police : ` I am stupid , there was no real reason ' The website 's chief executive , Jennifer Billock , told the newspaper users ' safety was a top priority and it was constantly ` evolving our tools and processes to find and halt abusers of our system ' . It is believed that Maglio had told one alleged victim he closed his profile because he had so many positive reviews he had to open a new one . The IRPO 's investigation revealed a man who made himself seem like a fun and fast-living host . Some alleged victims claim he would constantly compliment them and insist they drink while they were out together and on the first or second night say they were served drinks of tea or wine . They did not report feeling unsafe as they were not travelling alone but in separate incidents from March 2013 until March 2014 , the women recalled feeling suddenly ` woozy and intensely tired ' . Maglio told investigators the sex was consensual and that he had joined Couchsurfing to improve his English , as he believed it would help further his career . In a victim statement , one Canadian woman alleged she had tried to rouse three other female visitors staying at Maglio 's after she discovered them passed out before falling unconscious herself . Dino Maglio 's Couchsurfing profile page listed his name as Leon Padova and showed his occupation as a policeman . Dino Maglio used Couchsurfing.com to entice a 16-year-old girl to his home before drugging her and raping her , it has been alleged . Prosecutors are seeking a seven-year jail term . She added that she had hazy memories of being kissed and fondled by Maglio but was unable to protest . Others feared they had been slipped the drugged and were unsure if anything had happened while they were passed out . Three young woman from Czech Republic also said they had been unable to recall what happened after staying at the defendant 's home and drinking his wine . They claim they had brief flashes of being kissed and touched by Maglio and vomited when they woke up . Another traveller from Hong Kong claimed she was unconscious after drinking his alcohol and posted a negative review on his Couchsurfing profile . The next day he allegedly sent her a threatening message over Facebook demanding she remove it and said that if she refused he would use his authority as a police officer to create ` trouble ' for her on her next visit to Europe . ` It took me some days to realise I was sexually abused , ' the alleged victim told IRPI . ` So I wrote to him on Facebook . I asked him what happened and he admitted we had sex . I felt like a whore . I felt nobody would ever want me again after this . ' The alleged attacks came to light after the women connected on the website to share their experiences . When his home was searched officers found a gun and a large amount of pornography and child abuse images , according to the Guardian . Court papers showed he was also hosting two other Couchsurfing tourists at the time - with one showing the same ` sickness ' as other alleged victims . More than a dozen women have since come forward after finding his profile on the social network and staying at his flat in the picturesque city of Padua in northern Italy . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .