Cad : Poet Rupert Brooke had a string of short-lived relationships with various women before he died aged 27 in April 1915 . Poet Rupert Brooke has long had a reputation as a ` young Apollo ' , a symbol of innocent youth who was cut down in his prime during the senseless slaughter of the First World War . But a new haul of previously unseen letters show that he was in fact a slightly caddish womaniser who had a string of affairs without ever settling down . The documents , brought to light for the first time thanks to a £ 430,000 grant , show Brooke 's lovers complaining about his refusal to take their relationships seriously . The letters are part of the John Schroder collection , which has spent decades in private hands but will now be available to the public after being bought by King 's College , Cambridge , where the poet was a student . Brooke , who died 100 years ago today at the age of just 27 , became a semi-legendary figure thanks to his early death and his popular poems such as The Soldier . His obituary was written by Winston Churchill , who called him ` all that one would wish England 's noblest sons to be ' . However , the letters in the Schroder collection - including 170 documents written by Brooke himself - show a somewhat different side to the great poet . King 's archivist Patricia McGuire said that Brooke was ` promiscuous even for a man of his time ' and carried on relationships with multiple girlfriends . ` Several women thought he was going to marry them - he may have thought that he was going to , ' Dr McGuire told The Times . ` I think he was happy to spend a lot of time with as many women as he could . ' Among the lovers whose affairs with Brooke are featured in the letters are Hollywood star Cathleen Nesbitt , artist Phyllis Gardner , and Laurence Olivier 's cousin Noël . Lovers : Cathleen Nesbitt , left , and Phyllis Gardner , right , are among the women who had affairs with Brooke . Popular : Brooke became one of Britain 's best-loved poets after his premature death . Nesbitt wrote to Eddie Marsh , Brooke 's biographer , saying : ` I 've no intention of marrying anybody for years to come - nor , I hope , has Rupert - though I should n't be in the least surprised if he settled in the wild with a squaw and a wigwam . ' In another letter , she described the poet 's care-free attitude in the face of the danger he submitted himself to in the war . Nesbitt wrote : ` When I talked of all things coming to an end he would always laugh and say , `` Hush - there 's never any end when things are perfect . '' ' This is not the first time that Brooke 's reputation has taken a battering - previously discovered letters have shown him expressing unpalatable views on Jews and homosexuals . And this year a book about his affair with Phyllis Gardner revealed that he opposed the women 's rights movements and privately said that ` all women are beasts ' . The pair bathed naked together near Grantchester , the village outside Cambridge where Brooke lived in the Old Vicarage , now home to Jeffrey Archer . Trove : Peter Jones of King 's College , Cambridge with a haul of letters which the college has now bought thanks to a £ 430,000 grant . Home : The Old Vicarage in Grantchester , Cambridgeshire , where Brooke once lived . If I should die , think only this of me : . That there 's some corner of a foreign field . That is forever England . There shall be . In that rich earth a richer dust concealed ; . A dust whom England bore , shaped , made aware , . Gave , once , her flowers to love , her ways to roam , . A body of England 's , breathing English air , . Washed by the rivers , blest by the suns of home . And think , this heart , all evil shed away , . A pulse in the eternal mind , no less . Gives somewhere back the thoughts by England given ; . Her sights and sounds ; dreams happy as her day ; . And laughter , learnt of friends ; and gentleness , . In hearts at peace , under an English heaven . Despite the recent revelations , Brooke has retained his image as a ` young Apollo ' cut down in his prime , whose poems encapsulate typically English scenes . His poem The Soldier , featuring the line ` there 's some corner of a foreign field that is forever England ' , was immensely popular during the First World War , and made even more poignant when Brooke himself died while on active service on April 23 , 1915 . Churchill wrote in his obituary , published in The Times : ` He was all that one would wish England 's noblest sons to be in the days when no sacrifice but the most precious is acceptable , and the most precious is that which is most freely proffered . ' Peter Jones , the librarian at King 's , said : ` It is hard to realise today just how significant Brooke 's impact was 100 years ago . ` In the early 20th century as a poet you were fortunate to sell 200-300 copies of your work . Just after his death , Brooke 's close friend and patron Eddie Marsh published 1914 and Other Poems . ` The first edition of 1,000 sold out immediately and , in all , 160,000 copies were sold of various impressions . ' He added : ` We now know much more about Brooke as a person and he is certainly more interesting and , in some ways more difficult , than the heroic image portrayed at the time of his death . ` He was a conflicted individual . He had a major breakdown in 1912 and had disastrous relationships with the women who loved him . ' One of the letters now made available reveals how Brooke 's mother Mary Ruth sought to avoid turning her son into an icon , and also intervened to stop Marsh inserting details of his more sordid relationships . Lorna Beckett , chairman of the Rupert Brooke Society , said : ` He was an interesting , complex and likeable person who is still suffering from the hostile backlash brought about by the `` young Apollo '' myth created straight after his death . '