Having presumably grown used to being in the company of one famous Ronaldo , Real Madrid 's teen sensation Martin Odegaard on Wednesday appeared to be left starstruck by another . The 16-year-old was pictured with former Brazil international Ronaldo as he paid a visit to the club he spent five years at during his illustrious playing career . Norway international Odegaard took to social media to share the picture of the pair at Real 's Valdebebas training complex . Martin Odegaard poses with former Brazil international Ronaldo at the Real Madrid training ground . Odegaard celebrates after scoring for Real Madrid Castilla against Barakaldo in February . Zinedine Zidane -LRB- with Odegaard behind him , right -RRB- dropped the Norwegian from the Castilla side this month . The young midfielder was clearly in awe of the former World Cup winning striker and simply wrote ` legend ' alongside the picture on Instagram . Ronaldo , who scored more than 100 goals for Real and netted an impressive 62 international goals , was visiting his old club ahead of their Champions League quarter-final second-leg clash against Atletico Madrid on Wednesday . Odegaard opted to join Real Madrid after courting interest from a host of top clubs in Europe , including Manchester United and Liverpool , and signed a long-term £ 40,000 a week contract with the Champions League winners in January . The former Stromgodset playmaker has trained with Carlo Ancelotti 's first team regularly since his arrival , rubbing shoulder 's with the likes of Cristiano Ronaldo and Gareth Bale . Odegaard is said to be on a different wave length to his Castilla team-mates because he rarely trains with them . The 16-year-old joined Real Madrid for £ 2.3 million in January signing a long-term £ 40,000 a week contract . But the Norwegian wonderkid has found life tough at the Spanish giants in recent weeks . First team coach in waiting Zinedine Zidane dropped Odegaard from his Castilla side earlier this month after a dramatic downturn in results since his arrival . There have been suggestions that his presence in the side has riled team-mates that feel Odegaard training with the first team three times a week means he lacks cohesion in the B team . Real Madrid are desperate for the Castilla side to win promotion to the second tier of Spanish football and Zidane has to decide whether that goal is more attainable without the young talent .