A New York college has provoked anger after postponing its screening of movie American Sniper in response to complaints from Muslim students . The Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in New York has pushed back its planned screening of the controversial Iraq war film which was set for last Friday . It said it will still show the Oscar-nominated movie but with an educational forum follow-up to allow students to discuss the film . Bradley Cooper in his Oscar Nominated role as Chris Kyle , the most deadly sniper in US military history . The Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute -LRB- pictured -RRB- in New York has pushed back its planned screening of the controversial Iraq war film which was set for last Friday . The film was postponed because senior management at the college did not want to create animosity or tension among its students . However they appear to have done just the opposite . Following complaints from the RPI 's Muslim Students ' Association a number of students have said the postponement was an act of censorship and an attack on free speech , Fox News reported . While the film grossed a total of $ 540 million it also drew criticism for its depiction of Iraqis . A statement from the university explained the aim of the screening , coupled with the now scheduled educational forum , was to allow students in the campus community to ` participate in an intellectual discourse about the film and current world events ' . American Sniper , a film by Clint Eastwood about US Navy Seal sharp-shooter Chris Kyle the most deadly sniper in US history , has courted controversy since it was first shown in the US in November . While the film grossed an international total of $ 540 million it also drew criticism for its depiction of Iraqis . It was also accused of stoking racial hatred after screenings of the film led to a rise in threats against Americans of Middle Eastern origin and even some attacks on Muslims outside movie theaters . Earlier this month the University of Michigan flip-flopped over whether or not it would show the film on its campus . The college pulled a screening over student complaints but quickly did an about-face after news of the cancellation sparked a firestorm on campus . The school released statement saying the decision to cancel had not been consistent with the high value it placed on freedom of expression . Navy Seal and Iraq war veteran Chris Kyle , depicted in the film , was killed at a shooting range in Texas . The school 's vice president for student life , E. Royster Harper , acknowledged that it was ` a mistake ' to call off the screening . ` The movie will be shown at the originally scheduled time and location , ' Harper 's statement read . ` We recognize , however , that some students are uncomfortable with the content of the movie , and appreciate that concern . ' An Alternative screening of the Paddington Bear movie was offered to those students who did not want to watch the American Sniper . Earlier this month the University of Michigan -LRB- pictured -RRB- flip-flopped over whether or not it would show the film on its campus .