Clint Hill reckons the pressure is on QPR 's relegation rivals and insists Rangers can survive if they keep their cool . Chris Ramsey 's side are still in the relegation zone but the defender believes other teams will be worried about them . Hill scored his first Barclays Premier League goal in Tuesday 's 3-3 draw at Aston Villa , a result which denied QPR the chance to climb out of the bottom three . Clint Hill celebrates after scoring QPR 's second goal in Tuesday night 's thrilling 3-3 draw at Aston Villa . Hill 's header levelled the scores at 2-2 on Tuesday . QPR would lead again before being pegged back . Rangers remain two points adrift of safety in the Premier League table . They are third bottom , two points from safety , after Christian Benteke 's hat-trick rescued Villa but , following Saturday 's 4-1 win at West Brom and a point on Tuesday , Hill is confident about their survival chances . ` We have dragged teams in to it now , Villa probably thought they could win the game and pretty much put themselves safe , ' he said , ahead of Sunday 's visit of Chelsea . ` But we 've brought another team into it and the pressure goes onto the next game . It 's about the team and players who hold their head and keep calm who will prevail and stay in this league . ` The positive is we have four points from difficult travels and we 're right in the battle now so we 're looking forward to the next game . ' Matt Phillips opened the scoring , although Benteke struck twice in the first half to give Villa the lead . Hill challenges for the ball with Villa 's Leandro Bacuna during the topsy-turvy match at Villa Park . Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick to keep Villa above water in the relegation struggle . The remaining fixtures of the bottom six teams in the Premier League . Hill made it 2-2 before Charlie Austin put Rangers 3-2 up with 12 minutes left but Benteke completed his treble with a 25-yard free kick five minutes later . ` I 'm glad I 've got the goal because it 's been bugging me for a number of years , I 'm 37-years-old and you do n't think you 'll get to play another Premier League game , ' Hill told the club 's official site . ` I 'm glad that 's off my back and I 'm glad I played my part . ` It was a hell of a game to watch I suppose but we were disappointed in the first half , I do n't think we really imposed ourselves . ` To go in 2-1 behind we could have kept our heads down and sunk , but we showed a lot of character and going 3-2 up you think you 've got the precious three points in the bag but they scored a fantastic free kick in the end . ' Charlie Austin struck to put Queens Park Rangers 3-2 ahead but they were unable to hang on . Matt Phillips celebrates with Joey Barton after scoring QPR 's first goal on seven minutes . QPR manager Chris Ramsey congratulates his players on the pitch after the final whistle . Like Ramsey , Aston Villa manager Tim Sherwood ran the full gamut of emotions during the match . Villa are 16th , three points above the relegation zone after missing the chance to put themselves further clear . They go to Tottenham on Saturday - boss Tim Sherwood 's first return to White Hart Lane since he left as head coach last summer . But Sherwood dismissed any added pressure after failing to beat Rangers and insisted he is not giving much thought to his Spurs comeback . He said : ` There 's always pressure on all the games you 're going to play and who 's to say we ca n't go to into those games and win ? ` I do n't think we 're cut out to dig out results , we ca n't do what QPR did . We 're going to play on the front foot . ` Tottenham is the next game , it 's a great stadium , they have been very good to me but my focus is on Aston Villa now . I 'll only enjoy it if we come away with three points . '