Nigel Pearson spent the last quarter of this match pushing his team on from his technical area , clapping , cajoling , instructing . He has experienced a great escape at the Hawthorns before , in 2005 as assistant to Bryan Robson . Beyond 90 minutes , Jamie Vardy scored a goal that gave an exhilarating indication another improbable story could yet be told . Leicester secured their second consecutive Premier League win to bring safety into view for the first time in a long time . Pearson 's side are still bottom , but now just three points behind Hull in 17th . With seven games to go , five at home , they are still very much in this fight . Jamie Vardy scored an injury-time winner to improve his side 's slim chance of Barclays Premier League survival . Vardy celebrates in front of the travelling away fans after hitting the winner against West Brom at The Hawthorns . The Leicester forward , pictured with Riyad Mahrez , can not hide his delight after scoring what turned out to be the winning goal . Vardy struck past West Brom goalkeeper Boaz Myhill during the closing stages of the Premier League encounter at The Hawthorns . WEST BROM -LRB- 4-4-2 -RRB- : Myhill 5.5 ; Dawson 5 , McAuley 5 , Lescott 5.5 , Brunt 6 ; Gardner 6.5 -LRB- Olsson 73 mins , 5 -RRB- , Yacob 6 , Fletcher 7 , Morrison 6.5 -LRB- Sessegnon 85 -RRB- ; Ideye 5 -LRB- Anichebe 60 , 5 -RRB- , Berahino 5 . Subs not used : Rose , Wisdom , Baird , McManaman . Booked : Gardner , Fletcher . LEICESTER -LRB- 4-3-1-2 -RRB- : Schmeichel 6 ; De Laet 4 -LRB- Wasilewski 46 , 6 -RRB- , Huth 6.5 , Morgan 6 , Schlupp 6.5 ; Albrighton 6.5 , James 6 -LRB- King 60 , 6 -RRB- , Cambiasso 7 ; Nugent 7 ; Vardy 7.5 , Ulloa 6.5 -LRB- Mahrez 64 , 6 -RRB- . Subs not used : Schwarzer , Konchesky , Drinkwater , Kramaric . Booked : Albrighton . Referee : Martin Atkinson 6 . Attendance : 26,768 . MoM : Vardy . Huth put his side back on level terms -LRB- pictured -RRB- before Vardy 's winner - click HERE to see more of our brilliant Match Zone . Vardy personifies that more than anyone . In the first minute of added time he bullied Gareth McAuley to gain possession by the halfway line and advanced on goal . Joleon Lescott was unable to halt him and in a flash the ball was in the net . Pearson turned to his bench and held both arms aloft . He had switched to three at the back at the interval and made all his substitutions with half an hour to go , and been vindicated . Trailing 2-1 , Leicester had equalised in the 80th minute when Marc Albrighton delivered a cross that reached David Nugent at the far post . He hooked the ball back , Marcin Wasilewski won the header and Robert Huth nodded beyond Craig Dawson on the line . This was a second consecutive home loss to a team in trouble for West Brom , following the 4-1 defeat to Queens Park Rangers . Former Manchester United midfielder Darren Fletcher scored his first goal since joining West Brom during the January transfer window . West Brom captain Fletcher leaped above Leicester 's defence to open the scoring at The Hawthorns after just eight minutes . Leicester striker David Nugent cancelled out Fletcher 's opener by shooting past West Brom goalkeeper Myhill . West Brom midfielder Craig Gardner celebrates after scoring during his side 's 3-2 defeat against the Premier League 's bottom side . Gardner slides on his knees after putting his side back in the lead during the first half of the Premier League match at The Hawthorns . It had all begun so brightly for the hosts on a day to honour their late , great striker Jeff Astle , scorer of the winning goal in the 1968 FA Cup . West Brom looked resplendent in their replica kits from that year , numbered one to 11 . Darren Fletcher paid a fitting tribute with a very good glancing header to Chris Brunt 's corner . Goal-line technology was required to confirm the goal after Esteban Cambiasso cleared . It was Fletcher 's first goal since scoring for Manchester United in November 2012 . Leicester equalised in the 20th minute . Cambiasso took a long free-kick that Leonardo Ulloa flicked forward for Nugent to stroke in a composed finish . West Brom went ahead again six minutes later when Craig Gardner 's volley deflected off Wes Morgan into the net . But Leicester struck back impressively and , from nowhere , have genuine hope of survival . ` You never want to come off the field with regrets , ' said Pearson . ` If we can maximise that home advantage we have a chance . I do n't think at any point this season -LSB- the -RSB- players doubted themselves . ' West Brom are not yet safe and face a frightening run-in . ` The first goal is lower-league stuff , ' said Pulis . ` The third goal , Gareth 's trying to play like a right winger . You ca n't do that at this level . ' Robert Huth nodded home with 10 minutes left on the clock to help his side launch an emphatic comeback against West Brom . The Leicester defender , who joined the club in February , is congratulated by his team-mates after making it 2-2 with 10 minutes to go . Leicester goalkeeper Kasper Schmeichel celebrates his side 's victory after the final whistle of the Premier League clash . West Brom paid tribute to Jeff Astle on ` Astle Day ' , the former Baggies striker at the age of 59 in 2002 due . Baggies striker Saido Berahino wore Astle 's No 9 shirt during the Premier League match at The Hawthorns . West Brom players take to the pitch in a Astle commemorative kit ahead of their Premier League showdown with Leicester . West Brom fans display an ` Astle ' banner during the ninth minute to represent the shirt number he wore at The Hawthorns .