When Ali Maffucci got a deal to write a cooking and healthy lifestyle book , she quit her corporate job and began working from home . But while she was running the website and sharing healthy recipes with her readers , secretly she was n't practising what she preached . As the months ticked by , she piled on the pounds . But desperate to loser weight for the book 's photo shoot , she decided to try adopt a novel way to lose weight . Miss Maffucci made one simple change to her diet that helped her drop over 11 kg -LRB- 24 lbs -RRB- in just three months . For every meal , she substituted spiralized vegetables for bread , pasta , rice and potatoes.Here , she tells the Healthista website how she went from a size 14/16 to a size 8/10 so rapidly ... Scroll down for video . Ali Maffucci , 28 , lost 11 kg -LRB- almost two stone -RRB- in three months through replacing pasta , bread and rice with spirazlied vegetables . She is pictured before -LRB- left -RRB- and after -LRB- right -RRB- her weight loss . Now , Ms Maffucci weighs 10 stone , is a size 8/10 and is working on toning instead of losing weight . After eating courgette noodles recommended by her mother , Ali Maffucci fell in love with the spiralizing tool . Not long after , she took to the internet with her blog , Inspiralized , where she began creating and sharing recipes using spiralized vegetables . Then in June of 2013 , Ms Maffucci quit her corporate job to become a full time blogger . However while she was running the website and sharing healthy recipes with her readers , she was far from a reflection of that herself . Without the structure of her old job , she gained what she called her ` blogging weight ' of 10 kg -LRB- 22 lbs -RRB- . The spiralizer is a razor-sharp cutting device that creates thin ribbons of fruits and vegetables . Originally a Japanese invention , it allows people to create nutritious , very low-calorie , low-carb ` pasta ' , ` noodles ' and ` rice ' from everyday fruit and vegetables , in less time than it takes to peel a potato . For example , it can spin a simple courgette into a generous bowl of ` spaghetti ' in a flash . Spiralize a sweet potato and in minutes you 'll apparently get a filling portion of ` rice ' with just half the calories and carbs of regular basmati . Nutritionists warn it is not a good idea to completely eliminate carbohydrates from the diet entirely , as they provide a range of important nutrients . However , many of us are guilty of eating too many carbs , and a spiralizer could help us cut down , said dietitian Vanessa Hattersley . She said : ` Many of us do tend to overload our plates with pasta , rice , bread and potatoes when they are on offer . A well-balanced meal should be a quarter protein , a quarter carbohydrate and half fruit and vegetables , so the spiralizer could play a really useful role in redressing the nutritional balance in a carb-heavy diet . ' Being in her apartment all day with her kitchen nearby meant her constant snacking quickly led to weight gain . ` It was n't necessarily that I was eating unhealthy food , it was more that I was eating a lot of healthy food . ` I was eating a half a tub of almond butter instead of a little bit with an apple slice or the whole tub of hummus , ' Ms Maffucci said . ` I was snacking on many healthy things , but eating too many of them . ' She describes feeling constantly tired . ` I felt like I was very lazy , even at night time . ` My fiancé would come home and I would make dinner for him , and by the time we were done I would be exhausted , and I would just lay on the couch and probably snack on more food , ' Ms Maffucci said . Later that month , she scored a deal to write a cookbook , which meant she would have to be photographed and featured in it . That 's when she knew she had to turn things around . The ` blogging weight ' gain had left her at 12 stone and a size 14/16 , and she needed to look fit and healthy for the book . ` I told myself , how could I promote this healthy lifestyle if I was n't living it myself ? ' She had until late August -- about three months -- to transform her lifestyle so she could look and feel fit and comfortable during the photo shoot . She made a plan to get to 140-145 pounds -LRB- 66 kg -RRB- - by consistently exercising and eating her own spiralized meals minus the snacks . ` I said myself `` I 'm gon na eat healthy spiralized meals for lunch and dinner , and that kept me satisfied and kept me fueled '' . ` It 's such a fun way to eat , you never get bored of what you 're eating . ` It 's healthy and it makes you feel good , ' Ms Maffucci said . ` I felt satisfied all the time . ' She said did n't find it difficult to stick to spiralized food . ` It is delicious , after all . If you were to boil some pasta , drain it and then try to eat it , it would n't really taste good ; it 's sort of the same thing with spiralized food , ' she said . ` What makes the dish delicious is the sauces and the cooking and the other things you put into it . ' She said by eating food she normally would , and replacing pasta , rice , potatoes and processed food with spiralized vegetables , she did n't have to sacrifice her taste buds in the name of health . Ms Maffucci said she did n't find it difficult to stick to spiralized food -LRB- her recipe for spiralized courgette with a fried egg is pictured -RRB- . She said : ` It 's such a fun way to eat , you never get bored of what you 're eating ' Ms Maffucci wrote a book , Inspiralized : Inspiring Recipes to Make With Your Spiralizer , following her weight loss . ` I always tell people , you wo n't notice a big change in your flavor profile but you 'll notice it in the way you feel afterwards and how full you feel , and you feel a lot lighter , ' she said . She even mastered how to incorporate weekend indulgences into her diet . ` I think of all of the foods that I love to eat that are n't good for me and I literally sit and brainstorm and say how can I make this inspiralized ? ' she said . Her recipe for Blueberry Sweet Potato Waffles was one she came up with when she had a craving one hungover Sunday morning . After sticking with the spiralized food and staying true to her exercise schedule , Ms Maffucci reached 150 pounds -LRB- 68 kg -RRB- by early August , extremely close to her goal . Now she rests at ten stone , size 8/10 and is working on toning instead of losing weight . Compared to her old lifestyle , she said she is much happier , focused and energised . ` After I lost the weight , I would do something as little as writing a thank you note that before I would push off because I was so exhausted . ` I would clean out my drawers at night instead of sitting on the couch and watching TV . ` My focus during the days was so much stronger too . Without that old laziness anymore I get so much more done now . ' Visit Ms Maffucci 's blog , Inspiralized , for recipes and tips . Her book is available on Amazon . This article originally appeared and has been reproduced with the permission of healthista.com .