Joe beats Sachin to 2,000 . Joe Root became the second-youngest England batsman to reach 2,000 Test runs , after Alastair Cook . Root reached the milestone aged 24 years , 115 days . Cook was 401 days quicker . However , Root did get there in fewer innings than India great Sachin Tendulkar . Joe Root 's 182 not out took him past 2,000 runs in Tests , the second fastest Englishman to the milestone . Dad Stokes joins fun . Thursday 's play finished with Marlon Samuels ' comedy salute to England 's Ben Stokes after the batsman was dismissed following days of needling between the pair . Cue outrage from some , indifference from others and a sprinkling of laughter thrown in . Stokes 's dad , Gerard , saw the funny side , tweeting : ` Great send off Marlon Samuels . Live by the sword die by the sword , great stuff son . ' Marlon Samuels gave Ben Stokes a salute send off after dismissing the England all-rounder . Broad ca n't believe it . Stuart Broad continues to search for a run in this Test series and even a desperate appeal on Friday could n't help his cause . He tried to sweep Devendra Bishoo but only gloved it to give slip Devon Smith a simple catch . A pointless review . ` I think that goes up to Broad 's No 1 worst-ever review , ' said Jonathan Agnew on BBC 's Test Match Special . Stuart Broad walks off after yet another failure with the bat , and an entirely wasted review . England run-out woe . You have to go back 113 years to find the last time England had three players run out in the first innings of a Test -- in January 1902 against Australia in Adelaide . England are one short of the record of four run-outs in one innings though , which is shared by India and Australia -- set in 1955 and 1969 respectively . Chris Jordan fails to make his ground despite a dive , as England suffered three run outs . Jet-setting Moores . England coaches Peter Moores and Paul Farbrace plan to fly straight from Barbados to Dublin after the third Test to make sure they are in charge for the first one-day international since the disastrous World Cup . The pair were expected to miss the match as it comes , oddly , just three days after the scheduled finish of this Test series on May 5 . But so keen are they to be present for the start of the new one-day era , the England pair will fly from Barbados to Heathrow on May 6 , then straight on to Dublin to take practice on May 7 . Peter Moores watches on , and will fly straight from Barbados to Dublin to make the ODI against Ireland .