This is the moment an 11-year-old boy became stuck in knee-deep mud and had to be rescued by a hovercraft . The child was on holiday in Burnham-on-Sea with his family from Manchester when he walked across the mudflats on Wednesday . Seemingly unaware of the low tide , he quickly became stuck and had to be pulled to safety by the coastguard in its hovercraft . He was unhurt in the incident , and was seen leaving the beach smiling . Scroll down for video . An 11-year-old boy had to be pulled to safety after becoming stuck in knee-deep mud on in Burnham-on-Sea . The coastguard used a hovercraft to reach the boy , with two members of its mud rescue team enlisted to pull him out to safety . The 11-year-old was returned to safety shortly afterwards . His relieved family were visiting from Manchester . At around 3.30 pm yesterday the coastguard was called to Brean Beach after reports of the boy becoming stuck . Emergency services used a hovercraft to bring him back to the beach unharmed . ` The boy had been wading out across the mudflats at low tide and unfortunately got into difficulty in thick mud in that part of the beach , ' said Mark Newman , Chairman of BARB Search and Rescue . ` Many people have been stuck there , it 's well known to be a dangerous spot . ' The beach warden noticed the boy standing in the flats as he tried to reach the sea and alerted the coastguard . ` We were called in our hovercraft , we got to the scene very quickly and flew down the beach around 600m to the boy . The boy was flown back to hard sand and was not harmed in the incident at around 3.30 pm yesterday afternoon . The boys ' worried family watch on as the hovercraft reaches him . The stretch of coast is particularly dangerous , said experts . ` Two members of the Coastguard mud rescue team safely rescued him , taking him on board . ` Together they flew back down the beach to his very relieved parents . ` He was n't worse for wear but obviously it is frightening when you do get into difficulty in the mud , that 's why we always advise people to keep to the hard sand and watch the tide times . ' The stretch is one of the most dangerous parts of the coast , Mr Newman added . ` The tide was just starting to come in which was another reason . You can find yourself in difficulty very quickly , the tide comes in very quickly . ' It was the second time in a week the team had to use the hovercraft to rescue a youngster . On Easter Sunday a 15-year-old girl was flown away from Berrow in an incident that was ` very similar ' , Mr Newman added . BBV-6 The Spirit Of Lelaina is named after Lelaina Hall , a five-year-old who died in 2002 after becoming stuck in mudflats . Her death sparked a campaign to raise enough money to build a hovercraft to save people who find themselves in danger in the area . It was launched the following year in her memory .