It had seemed fake tan was here to stay after becoming a beauty staple for many women who wanted to emulate their favourite celebrities ' bronzed looks . But their determination to achieve the perfect glow appears to be fading away in favour of adopting a lighter look . The number of bottles of fake tan sold in 2014 fell by nearly a quarter -LRB- 24.1 per cent -RRB- from the year before , bringing the value of sales down by 19.3 per cent to £ 14.5 million . The number of bottles of fake tan sold in 2014 fell by nearly a quarter from last year . The product used to be a favourite of many celebrities including Victoria Beckham -LRB- left -RRB- and Sam Faiers -LRB- right -RRB- . Georgia Percy , of retail analysts Kantar Worldpanel , which gathered the data , said it suggests women are ` tending towards a more natural look ' . She added that artificial tanning products were the hardest hit sub-sector of the sun care market . And Sandra Vaughan , a beauty consultant for artificial tan brand Fake Bake , said the pale look is now more fashionable . Fake tanning had become part of many women 's regular beauty regime thanks to its popularity among celebrities such as former Spice Girl Victoria Beckham , the stars on Strictly Come Dancing and the cast -- both male and female -- of reality TV show The Only Way Is Essex . But even the TOWIE crew themselves admit the look can easily go wrong . Sam Faiers , who was a brand ambassador for Fake Bake , has described her horror at looking unnaturally orange on occasion . Pale skin icons include the likes of Keira Knightley , pictured -LRB- above -RRB- at the 87th annual Academy Awards , Cara Delevingne and Gwyneth Paltrow . She said : ` Just before Christmas I overdid it with the fake tan . I made my legs too dark and I just thought , what have I done ?! ' Other TOWIE performers have admitted similar errors , including Lauren Goodger , who was a particularly vivid colour when attending a Woman 's Own event last year . Even the programme itself has ridiculed the dangers of fake tan . Charlie Sims became a laughing stock after emerging from a spay tan session designed to improve his appearance and self-esteem only to look like an orange extra from the famous Tango TV commercials . His sister , Chloe Sims , famously stripped off to be the face and body of Montana Tan 's Starship Range . Georgia Percy , from Kantar Worldpanel , said sales of artificial tanning products were the hardest hit sub-sector of the suncare market in 2014 . ` As with total suncare , the key contributor to decline was fewer shoppers , suggesting women are tending towards a more natural look , ' she said . Lou Ellerton , of consultants the Value Engineers , told The Grocer magazine : ` Reality TV shows were effectively ongoing ads for fake tan but they passed their peak . ` It 's like fake tan has been off the air for a while . ' Pale skin icons include the likes of Keira Knightley , Cara Delevingne and Gwyneth Paltrow . The weather has also played a part , she said . ` If skin is not on show , why dress it up ? '