Ever noticed how plane seats appear to be getting smaller and smaller ? With increasing numbers of people taking to the skies , some experts are questioning if having such packed out planes is putting passengers at risk . They say that the shrinking space on aeroplanes is not only uncomfortable - it 's putting our health and safety in danger . More than squabbling over the arm rest , shrinking space on planes putting our health and safety in danger ? This week , a U.S consumer advisory group set up by the Department of Transportation said at a public hearing that while the government is happy to set standards for animals flying on planes , it does n't stipulate a minimum amount of space for humans . ` In a world where animals have more rights to space and food than humans , ' said Charlie Leocha , consumer representative on the committee . ` It is time that the DOT and FAA take a stand for humane treatment of passengers . ' But could crowding on planes lead to more serious issues than fighting for space in the overhead lockers , crashing elbows and seat back kicking ? Tests conducted by the FAA use planes with a 31 inch pitch , a standard which on some airlines has decreased . Many economy seats on United Airlines have 30 inches of room , while some airlines offer as little as 28 inches . Cynthia Corbertt , a human factors researcher with the Federal Aviation Administration , that it conducts tests on how quickly passengers can leave a plane . But these tests are conducted using planes with 31 inches between each row of seats , a standard which on some airlines has decreased , reported the Detroit News . The distance between two seats from one point on a seat to the same point on the seat behind it is known as the pitch . While most airlines stick to a pitch of 31 inches or above , some fall below this . While United Airlines has 30 inches of space , Gulf Air economy seats have between 29 and 32 inches , Air Asia offers 29 inches and Spirit Airlines offers just 28 inches . British Airways has a seat pitch of 31 inches , while easyJet has 29 inches , Thomson 's short haul seat pitch is 28 inches , and Virgin Atlantic 's is 30-31 .