Hull boss Steve Bruce has admitted his side need to pull off a couple of ` crazy results ' if they are to preserve their Premier League status in a frantic end-of-season run-in . The Tigers head to Southampton on Saturday without a win in five games and perching just two points above the bottom three after wins last week for QPR and Leicester . And Bruce hopes the unpredictable nature of this season 's top flight will continue into the final weeks , with the likes of Liverpool , Arsenal and Manchester United still due to visit the KC Stadium . Steve Bruce admitted his side need some ` crazy results ' if they 're going to avoid relegation from the league . Bruce said : ` We have just witnessed over the last week all sorts of crazy results can happen and we need to make sure we get one or two of those , that 's for sure . ` We 've proved this year that we 're capable but we 're under no illusions how difficult it is going to be . It is all to play for and it is another big weekend but we have been saying that for the best part of four months . ` The way it 's gone all season I would n't be surprised if it goes right down to the wire . Last week people were saying QPR and Leicester were gone but all of a sudden they 've produced a result and they 're back in it again . ' Hull face high-flying Southampton knowing that they ca n't afford to slip up with the bottom three closing . Bruce 's biggest selection dilemma for the trip to the south coast is whether to keep faith in goalkeeper Allan McGregor after a pair of high-profile blunders in recent weeks . McGregor was at fault for the opening goal in the 3-1 defeat at Swansea last week and also made a mistake in the loss to Chelsea a fortnight ago , but Bruce sprung to the defence of the under-fire 33-year-old . Bruce said : ` When you 're a goalkeeper the one thing the Premier League does is highlight mistakes and unfortunately Allan will be the first to admit he has been disappointed over the last couple of weeks . Allan McGregor -LRB- right -RRB- could lose his place in the side after a pair of blunders in Hull 's recent defeats . ` I have n't made a decision one way or the other , but Allan is a very , very good goalkeeper . Despite his mistakes he is still a top-class keeper . ' Veteran Steve Harper is pushing to replace McGregor in Bruce 's starting line-up while midfielder Tom Huddlestone is also set to make a welcome return from suspension . However David Meyler is ruled out after his red card last week , Gaston Ramirez is ineligible to play against his parent club and Curtis Davies is an injury doubt . Tom Huddlestone -LRB- left -RRB- and Andrew Robertson are in line to return for the Tigers after suspension and injury . And Bruce acknowledged his side face a major battle to boost their survival prospects against Ronald Koeman 's high-flying Saints whom he rates as the best outside the traditional ` big guns ' . ` We will have to be somewhere near our best if we are going to get anything out of them because I rate them very highly , ' added Bruce . ` They lost three or four players for big money but they have bought well . They have maintained their position at the top end of the league so fair play to Ronald Koeman and the way the club is run from top to bottom . '