An author has claimed that ` people are ready ' for his forthcoming play which stars impressionist Alistair McGowan as the disgraced paedophile Jimmy Savile . Journalist Jonathan Maitland said while there had been some shock at the drama , An Audience with Jimmy Savile , the majority of critics are eager to know when they will be able to see it . It will open in London in June , less than three years since the late comedian 's depraved behaviour was exposed in a television documentary . Scroll down for video . The author of a play which sees impressionist Alistair McGowan portray Jimmy Savile has said the public is ready for it to be shown . The revelation that Savile had abused dozens of children and young women in hospitals and schools throughout the 70s and 80s sparked an enormous Scotland Yard probe into other alleged abuse . Although some lines of inquiry are still ongoing , Maitland claims now is an appropriate time to thrust the subject into the arts . In an interview with The Guardian he said : ` It has changed everything ; it has changed the way we look at abuse , it has changed the way we prosecute it , it has changed attitudes towards it , the way we treat the survivors of it . ` What person would not want to explore what kicked it off ? ' Drawing on interview transcripts and statements provided to the police by some of Savile 's many victims , the play 's central role has been given to impressionist Alistair McGowan . Most often recognised for his comedic performances , Maitland said his leading actor is also ` terrific ' at embodying the ` dark , nasty ' elements of the story . In his popular BBC series , The Big Impression , McGowan included Savile in a bizarre comedy sketch in which he portrayed American rapper Eminem . McGowan previously portrayed the comedian in his popular series The Big Impression . In a sketch he responds to a teenage Eminem 's repeated requests to appear on Jim 'll Fix It . Twitter users rejected Maitland 's claim the public was ` ready ' for the play , describing the subject choice as ` unbelievable ' Dressed in a blue and white tracksuit similar to those worn by Savile , McGowan writes to the Jim 'll Fix It host to ask whether he could appear on the programme with his mother to whom he is violent . Later he impersonates Savile himself , responding : ` It would be hard to let you hurt your mum on the TV , especially at tea time . ' Sinisterly , he then tells the fictional teenage Eminem that the pair could go to Alton Towers ` in a few hours ' before giggling and licking his lips . Author Jonathan Maitland said people were ` ready ' for the play to be shown less than three years after the abuse was exposed . Before opening to the public the play will hear findings of the Dame Janet Smith 's inquiry into abuse at the BBC . While Maitland said he will be happy to adjust any contentious parts to its liking , he is confident the public , and Savile 's victims , will be prepared for the drama . ` Yes it will be strange to see someone doing him for the first time , but I think people are ready . ' Critics have however slammed his ` unbelievable ' subject choice . One Twitter user said it was ` not quite right ' to portray the scandal , while another commented : ` Why not make Fritzl the musical ? ' , referring to the Austrian predator Josef Fritzl who imprisoned his daughter for 24 years to carry out horrific sexual abuse . John Caswell refuted Maitland 's claim that the public were ready , responding : ` It 's official , I am not people ' . But a lawyer acting on behalf of 178 of the comedian 's victims said she had met with the playwright and was satisfied the play had been produced in good taste . ` From what Jonathan has told me it will be extremely sensitive and will not in anyway undermine the seriousness of the subject , ' said Liz Dux , specialist abuse lawyer at Slater & Gordon . ` After meeting with him and discussing the project at length , I 'm satisfied he will not cause offence to any of the victims . In fact some have agreed to meet with him . ' An Audience with Jimmy Savile is the author 's second play . His first , Dead Sheep , is being shown at the Park Theatre . Depraved : The comedian abused dozens of children and young women in hospitals , schools and television studios in the 1970s and 80s .