Many people have the bad habit of squeezing blackheads and pimples on their faces . But for one New York-based writer , the urge to stand in front of a mirror and poke at and squeeze her pores for hours on end became so bad that it actually started ` sabotaging ' her life . In an inspiring essay for Marie Claire , Jenna Marotta , 27 , tells of her experience with dermatillomania - a compulsive skin-picking disorder that left her face bleeding - and how she managed to overcome it . ` I 'd descend `` into the mirror '' for up to four hours a day , ' Jenna writes in the essay , explaining how her actions horrified her parents . ` I would nick and squeeze and yank at every clogged pore on my face . ' Scroll down for video . Obsessive behavior : Jenna Marotta , 27 , of New York , says her habit of picking at the pores on her face was so all-consuming that it became ` self-sabotaging ' At first , Jenna was just looking for a way to break out of her binge-eating routine . As a child she developed bad eating habits - she would skip breakfast and lunch , then stuff her face with whatever she wanted for hours when she got home . Her binge-eating cycle continued through college and after graduation , when she moved back home to her parents ' house in Illinois . ` I knew I was bingeing while I was bingeing , ' she writes , adding that part of the problem was that she would head to the kitchen whenever she felt bored . ` So I decided to find a new place to spend my ample downtime . ' That place became her parents ' bathroom , where her mom kept a stainless steel 10x magnifying mirror and an array of Tweezerman tweezers . Jenna 's use of the tweezers started off innocently enough , with her plucking out stray hairs along her eyebrows . Then she started to become obsessive , revisiting her brows several times a day and moving on to other areas of her face , where she would use those same tweezers to clear out pores and remove ingrown hairs . ` At one point , I became convinced that there was a lone dark hair trapped under my chin , ' she says . ` I could think of nothing more vital than removing this growth from my face . In the process of freeing the -LRB- probably imagined -RRB- hair , I dug an eighth-inch deep hole . ' Getting better : After accidentally going ten days without touching her pores when she forgot to pack her tweezers for a trip , Jenna managed to move away from her bad skin habit . She still sees a psychiatrist . Jenna was aware that her skin-picking was growing out of control and visited a ` battalion ' of dermatologists , who told her that her problem was psychosomatic . So she enrolled in an an outpatient program for mental health . But once the three-week program ended , she insisted she had her problem under enough control to move on her own to New York City . The problem was not under control , however . Though the dreaded magnifying mirror was back at her parents ' house in Illinois , Jenna would still lean in close to her own bathroom mirror to pick at her pores . ` I would tweeze and squeeze , filling my garbage can with tissues dotted with blood , ' she writes , adding that she would hide out in her bedroom to avoid seeing her roommate , who might question her about the bloody tissues she threw out in the bathroom . And she did n't stop at using tweezers . Jenna admitted that she 's also ` attacked ' her face with an extruder , an earring post , an unspooled paperclip , a pushpin , a toothbrush handle , the rough side of a nail file , lotion caps , and nail clippers . One of Jenna 's most agonizing memories was when the writer had to interview Steve Carrell after picking at a cyst on her chin until it bled . She worried the blood would n't dry in time to apply makeup before the interview . ` The urge to self-injure just always pulses through my head and hands , ' she says . ` And it 's my go-to method of procrastination when I have a deadline . ' Luckily , while travelling to the Sundance Film Festival in Utah this January , Jenna forgot her tweezers at home , resulting in ten whole days during which she did n't pick at her face . Now , the 27-year-old says she has overcome her condition - and is working on being ` nice ' to herself . ` I continue to work with a psychiatrist to stay on track since I first put the tweezers down , ' she says . Dermatillomania - or compulsive skin picking - is an impulse control disorder characterized by the uncontrollable desire to pick at one 's skin . Some sufferers have the condition so severely they pick at their skin until it is damaged . Sufferers usually start by picking at their face before moving on to other parts of the body . The condition is often categorized as an obsessive compulsive disorder -LRB- OCD -RRB- . It can lead to bleeding , bruising and infections . CSP will often be carried out after the individual has experienced a high level of tension which has caused an urge to carry out the behaviour . The skin picking is often accompanied by a feeling of relief or even pleasure due to the reduction in anxiety levels . However , once the damage has been done , those affected will often be left with a feeling of depression or hopelessness . Although the damage that is caused can be very severe , the gratification experienced can lead the individual to carry out CSP again and again . Treatment usually involves counselling and cognitive behavioural therapy . Source : Anxiety UK .