One of the earliest Spitfires ever to go into action has gone on sale for £ 2.5 million after spending 40 years buried in sand on the French beach it crashed on . The Mark 1 version of Reginald Mitchell 's famous design was among the first built in March 1940 but Spitfire P9374 , once flown by an airman involved in the Great Escape , never made it to the Battle of Britain as it crash-landed in May 1940 . The fighter plane , dubbed the ballerina because of its grace in the skies , was being piloted by Flying Officer Peter Cazenove over Dunkirk when it was hit by a single bullet from a German Dornier bomber . Before it was lost , Spitfire P9374 was at one point almost certainly flown by Squadron Leader Roger Bushell , later ` Big X ' , who was part of the famous breakout from German prisoner of war camp Stalag Luft III . Scroll down for video . Back in the sky : This iconic Mark 1 plane was among the first built in March 1940 , but Spitfire P9374 never made it to the Battle of Britain as it crash-landed over Dunkirk in May 1940 . In 1980 the wreckage was discovered when part of it was spotted poking out from its sandy grave . Beached : German soldiers sitting on the Spitfire brought down on the wet sands at Calais by Flying Officer Peter Cazenove . It had been hit by a single bullet from a German Dornier bomber . The plane was consumed by the sandy beach and remained there for 40 years . Captured : The fighter plane -LRB- pictured left -RRB- was being piloted by Flying Officer Peter Cazenove -LRB- right -RRB- over Dunkirk when it was hit by a single bullet from a German Dornier bomber . Cazenove was then captured by the Nazis and taken to the Stalag Luft III prisoner of war camp . Cazenove , a 32-year-old Old Etonian of the stock-broking dynasty flying his first combat mission , had no choice but to bring the aircraft down on the wet sands at Calais , despite radioing in to say ` Tell mother I 'll be home for tea ! ' shortly before doing so . He was then captured by the Nazis and also taken to the Stalag Luft III prisoner of war camp , famous for The Great Escape . The plane became consumed by the sandy beach and remained there for the next 40 years . In 1980 the wreckage was discovered when part of it was spotted poking out from its sandy grave . It was corroded and covered in barnacles but amazingly still intact . The plane was dragged from the beach and taken to the Musée de l'Air in Paris . Sadly , Cazenove died just a few weeks before the Spitfire was discovered . Shortly before he passed away he is even said to have told his wife ` I wonder whatever happened to my Spitfire ' . Steeped in history : A technician with the propeller of the restored Supermarine Spitfire -LRB- pictured left -RRB- at the Imperial War Museum in Duxford , Cambridgeshire , and pilot Ken Wilkinson -LRB- right -RRB- , who is photographed with the Spitfire that he flew during the Second World War . Second World War Spitfire pilot Ken Wilkinson posed next to the Mark 1 aircraft at the Imperial War Museum earlier today . The Spitfire , one of the last of its kind remaining , is due to be auctioned for charity on July 9 and is expected to fetch up to £ 2.5 million . Donation : The plane was bought by American billionaire philanthropist Thomas Kaplan after it was discovered in 1980 . He had it restored to its original condition and now plans to donate the proceeds from the sale to the RAF Benevolent Fund and wildlife charity Panthera . The Spitfire P3974 after its restoration . Originally built at the Vickers Armstrong factory in Southampton , Spitfire P3974 was delivered to 92 Squadron at RAF Croydon in March 1940 , one of the most celebrated squadrons in the RAF . The Merlin III engine installed in P9374 was built at Rolls-Royce , Derby , on October 27 1939 . During Spitfire P9374 's service with 92 Squadron it is known to have been flown by at least eight different pilots , and was almost certainly flown by the squadron 's commanding officer Squadron Leader Roger Bushell , later ` Big X ' of the Great Escape fame . Records show that P9374 had a total flight time of 32 hours and 5 minutes at the time of its loss . Eventually the plane was bought by American billionaire philanthropist Thomas Kaplan , who had it meticulously restored to its original condition by a team of expert engineers . Mr Kaplan , an Oxford-educated gold trader , owns both of the surviving Mk1 Spitfires . He has now listed the plane Cazenove piloted for sale through London auctioneers Christie 's UK , 75 years since the Battle of Britain , with an estimate of £ 2.5 million . He plans to donate the proceeds to the RAF Benevolent Fund and wildlife charity Panthera . The other Mk1 - N3200 - will be gifted to The Imperial War Museum Duxford . Mr Kaplan said : ` When my great childhood friend Simon Marsh and I embarked upon this project , it was to pay homage to those who Winston Churchill called The Few , the pilots who were all that stood between Hitler 's darkness and what was left of civilization . ` These coming events are more than anything else , concrete gestures of gratitude and remembrance for those who prevailed in one of the most pivotal battles in modern history . ` The return to Duxford of N3200 which was itself piloted by the heroic Commander of RAF Duxford , is an act of love for Britain that began with my and Simon 's mutual passion for aircraft and desire to enshrine a British legacy . ' He added : ` The sale of P9374 for charity is likewise an opportunity to share that passion with others and to benefit causes that have moved me since boyhood . ` The RAF Benevolent Fund represents a way to honour that breed who gave so much for Britain when its existence was imperilled . ' John Romain , pilot and chief engineer at the Aircraft Restoration Company which undertook the project , said the original Spitfire is a remarkable piece of Second World War history . He said : ` We have restored it over the last five years . It came to us quite literally in boxes of parts that had been removed from the beach in France . ` We spent five years restoring it back to its original state - it is unique in that sense . ` We have seen Spitfires at auction before , but many years ago . This one is particularly special , it is very unusual to see a Spitfire like this go to auction . ` It was a special project for me to be involved in . ' Experts say the plane offers a unique insight into the skirmishes Allied pilots faced . Robert Copley , Christie 's UK deputy chairman , said : ` Christie 's is proud to be entrusted with the sale of this Spitfire ; a truly iconic aircraft which is symbol of the bravery of The Few in the Battle of Britain ' . Second World War Spitfire pilot Ken Wilkinson -LRB- pictured -RRB- with the plane . The cockpit of the restored Supermarine Spitfire , which was one of the first Spitfires ever built in 1940 , at Duxford 's Imperial War Museum . Records show that the P9374 Spitfire -LRB- pictured left and right -RRB- had a total flight time of 32 hours and 5 minutes at the time of its loss . When Luftwaffe commander Hermann Göring asked his flying ace Adolf Galland what he needed to win the Battle of Britain , he replied : ` A squadron of Spitfires . ' The plane was so feared by the Luftwaffe that many Nazi crews claimed to have been shot down by one when they had really been downed by the slower , more numerous , Hurricane . The first plane shot down by a Spitfire was an RAF Hurricane in 1939 in a friendly fire incident known as the Battle of Barking Creek . After D-Day , flying ace Johnnie Johnson organised a supply run of Spitfires with barrels of beer slung under each wing to bring the ` necessities of life ' to pilots on front-line airfields in Normandy . Spitfires were occasionally painted pink to blend in with the sunset and sunrise when used for low-level reconnaissance flights . Its pilot , Mr Cazenove , who came from a banking dynasty , was part of the ill-fated bid for freedom from Stalag Luft after he had been captured by German forces . He did not manage to get away as he was a big man who could n't fit in the escape tunnel - which probably saved his life . Mr Romain said : ` He got involved in the Great Escape , but luckily for him he did n't escape that day . Most of his colleagues who did were then shot . ` He came back to the UK after the war . ' Spitfire P9374 is now flyable once more and will take to the skies again at IWM Duxford in the VE Day Anniversary Air Show on May 23 and 24 . ` We have restored 18 Spitfires over the years but have never been asked to restore one to such an exacting standard , ' Mr Romain added . ` I 've done the test flying and it was beautiful to fly . It really is a beautiful aircraft . It has flown at Duxford and people there started calling it `` the ballerina '' , and that nickname has stuck . ' Mr Kaplan said he embarked on the project because he wanted to ` enshrine a British legacy ' . Robert Copley , deputy chairman of Christie 's UK , said : ` Christie 's is proud to be entrusted with the sale of this Spitfire ; a truly iconic aircraft which is symbol of the bravery of The Few in the Battle of Britain . ` We look forward to seeing this extraordinary Mk .1 Spitfire reach new heights at The Exceptional Sale , which will be a unique moment in auction house history . ' The sale will take place in London on July 9 . The Merlin III engine installed in P9374 was built at Rolls-Royce , Derby , in October 1939 . The iconic aircraft 's sale will take place on July 9 . Taking to the skies : Spitfire P9374 will be flying again at IWM Duxford in the VE Day Anniversary Air Show on May 23 and 24 . During Spitfire P9374 's service with 92 Squadron it is known to have been flown by at least eight different pilots , and was almost certainly flown by the squadron 's commanding officer Squadron Leader Roger Bushell , later ` Big X ' of the Great Escape fame .