Women and vanity have always gone hand in hand . Indeed , archaeologists have been known to find the remains of bodies clutching make-up , beauty tools in graves and detailed beauty manuals from bygone times . While they may not have had vampire facials , cellulite cream and contouring kits at their disposal , the women of ancient history had some fascinating methods for beautifying themselves . The women of ancient history , including Mary Queen of Scots , who washed herself in white wine , had some fascinating methods for beautifying themselves . Cleopatra , for one , had some interesting methods and even penned a book documenting her most prized beauty secrets . The famed Egyptian beauty famously bathed in donkey-milk baths . Her daily donkey-milk baths , which she believed had anti-ageing and skin smoothing properties thanks to the alpha hydroxy acids , apparently required over 700 donkeys to accomplish . She often mixed donkey-milk with crocodile dung to create a face mask and also bathed in rose petals to leave her skin smelling sweet . Egyptian queen Nefertiti , meanwhile , loved to make her own cosmetics , including her own blend of eyeliner using lead-based kohl , and clay and crushed beetles as blusher . Cleopatra , left , the famed Egyptian beauty , famously bathed in donkey-milk baths , while Empress Elisabeth of Austria , right , loved to conjure up her own face creams in the 19th century . The goddesses of Ancient Greece strove to achieve a pale complexion and made honey and olive oil-based concoctions to achieve this . They used a combination of white lead and olive oil to whiten the skin and created an on-trend monobrow using dark powder . Bleach blonde hair was coveted in Ancient Greece and women doused themselves in vinegar to get the look . Meanwhile , the ladies of ancient India used cow dung and urine to boost their beauty regime and were said to treat problem skin and cracked heels using the bizarre ingredient . A rouge pout came courtesy of betel leaves , which women would chomp on . The Geishas of Japan used rice flour to whiten their faces and cleansed with nightingale poop . The Geishas of Japan - particularly in the Heian era - achieved black teeth with oxidised iron fillings steeped in an acidic solution . Faces were whitened using rice flour and removed using nightingale poop , a treatment that beauty salons are adding to their menus today . Over in China , female emperor Wu Zetian mixed Chinese motherwort with cold water to cleanse her face . Mary , Queen of Scots was said to wash her body in white wine , which , thanks to its antiseptic alcohol content , was deemed to help boost her complexion . Empress Elisabeth -LRB- Sisi -RRB- of Austria loved to conjure up her own face creams in the 19th century . She mixed spermaceti -LRB- a wax found in the head of sperm whales -RRB- , rosewater and almond oil and coated her face with the substance daily . She was also fond of creating a DIY night mask using raw veal and crushed strawberries .