Diego Simeone is made for England . Though his collapse under the weight of a mere brush with David Beckham 's boot in 1998 saw him characterised as the antithesis of Anglo-Saxon values , he is , in reality , more English than the English . For that night in St Etienne - almost the last time an England team truly thrilled a global audience at the World Cup , even if they did so in defeat -- is remembered by Simeone for more than his notorious role in Beckham 's sending off , which left England down to ten men for most of the match . ` That game was the best international match I 've played in , ' said Simeone , remembering the World Cup knock out match , which Argentina won on penalties after a 2-2 draw . Given that he played 106 times for his country that is some compliment . Diego Simeone is hoping to lead Atletico Madrid to second successive Champions League final . England 's David Beckham kicks out at former midfielder midfielder Simeone during the 1998 World Cup . ` I love playing against the English , ' Simeone added . ` They 're so passionate , so aggressive , so committed . They were incredible that night . Alan Shearer and Paul Ince were extraordinary . At times it seemed Shearer was fighting us on his own . You have to remember they played for 70 minutes with 10 men . ' And as Simeone stalked out on to the pitch at the end of the Champions League final last year , in full confrontational mode , seeking out Raphael Varane , who had kicked the ball at the Atletico bench in celebration of Real Madrid 's 4-1 win , it was hard to not to get the image of the warrior footballer out of your head . There is much more to Simeone than that of course . He had come within two minutes of winning that Champions League final on a wage bill which was famously less than QPR 's . Since that defeat , he has exacted his revenge at every turn . Real Madrid were beaten in the Spanish Super Cup over two legs , then knocked out of the Copa del Rey , also over two legs , by Atletico , beaten at the Bernebeu and then , most spectacularly , beaten 4-0 at the Vicente Calderon last February . Beckham looks towards the referee during the World Cup clash between England and Argentina . The former England man was shown a red card for lashing out at Simeone during the knock-out match . Last week the teams drew 0-0 in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final ; on Wednesday they resume hostilities at the Bernebeu . Real may be marginal favourites but under Simeone , Atletico have gone from the side that could never beat Real Madrid -- they had n't won for 14 years against them -- to the side that -LRB- almost -RRB- never loses to them . What is always unclear to outside observers is how the man famed for his confrontations and aggression became one of the most tactically astute coaches in Europe . Of course , he always had leadership qualities and undeniable charisma . In his native Argentina they always assumed he would be a manager , such was his dominance of the national team as a captain . But his early results were very mixed . He looked innovative and the man to watch at Estudiantes , where he was one of the first to use motivational video clips from films to inspire his players . It worked : they chased down Boca Juniors for the league title even if he was , in those days , criticised for being overly focused on attacking players . At River Plate though , it looked as if fighting talk and charisma only got you so far . He finished bottom of the league and had to resign . The Atleti boss confronts Raphael Varane during Real Madrid 's 4-1 Champions League final win last year . Simeone speaks to referee Bjorn Kuipers during the showpiece final at the Estadio da Luz . He revived his reputation somewhat at Catania and Racing but when he was given the Atletico job in 2011 , it seemed more like the old boys ' network at work -- he was an iconic player there in the 1990s -- than the result of a meticulous recruitment process scouring the best tactical minds in Europe . Of course , the success has been unrelenting , with a trophy every year : the Europa League in 2012 ; the Copa Del Rey in 2013 , beating Jose Mourinho 's Real in the final ; and the extraordinary feat of wining La Liga ahead of Barca and Real last season . This year he is comfortably-placed for another Champions League spot but the title is out of the question . Carlo Ancelotti though is right to be nervous ahead of Wednesday 's quarter final . If there were a team for the big occasion , it is Simeone 's Atletico . The 44-year-old got the better of Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho during his side 's 3-1 victory at Stamford Bridge . He makes a habit of out-witting Europe 's best minds . It is n't just Ancelotti who has been his victim . Mourinho , too , back in that 2013 cup final and then again last season , when Atletico stunned Chelsea at Stamford Bridge . Having brought the game back to 1-1 and being ahead on away goals , you might have expected Simeon 's side to sit back . But they came out for the second half pressing even harder , pushing forwards whenever they could . In effect , Simone did precisely what the opposition least expected and were rewarded with a 3-1 win . And yet there is something very English about Simeone 's style . It 's not just the frequent use of 4-4-2 , the wide men , the directness of their play at time and the physicality - it 's their fighting spirit which characterises them and which might be stamped : ` Made in England . ' It 's why Simeone so related to Shearer and Ince and their performance in that extraordinary 2-2 draw in St Etienne . Ince , Shearer , Simeone ; they 're all cast from the same mould . The Argentine manager is understandably adored by the Atletico faithful despite his team 's combative style . The Atletico players circle around Simeone as they prepare for the Champions League clash against Madrid . He 's not about to move , having just signed a new contract with Atletico until 2020 and we may never see him in the Premier League . The problem for Simone is that his English values are no longer fashionable in England . When Manchester City choose a new manager , it will be someone who can help to bring tiki taka football to the club , from academy to the first team , under the direction of Txiki Begiristain . When Arsenal appoint , pretty football rather than fighting spirit are likely to be high up the agenda of the new coach . Manchester United , now establishment , might baulk at a street fighter as manager , though they had one once before and he did n't do so badly . He would be adored at Liverpool , but it would be another gear change from the Brendan Rodgers style that the club has embraced . Chelsea , too , though falling back on Mourinho , also have had the Barcelona model in mind and are thought to be unimpressed with Simeone . Maybe he has simply made too many enemies over the years . But Simeone is useful antidote to those who think English football 's traditional strengths have no place in the modern game . Perhaps he 's just become too English for the new England . Atletico and Real Madrid drew 0-0 in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final . Simeone is tossed in the air by his players as they celebrate their Spanish league title last season .