Bayern Munich have joined Manchester United and Liverpool in the race to sign Memphis Depay . The PSV Eindhoven star 's talents have been compared to those of a young Cristiano Ronaldo by Ronald de Boer , who also claims United could have the edge over Liverpool in a battle for the Holland forward . The 21-year-old Dutch international has played a starring role in PSV 's Eredivisie title success this season . He is the subject of offers from Liverpool and Paris St Germain while United have also made contact . Liverpool are making a rival push for Manchester United target Memphis Depay . Liverpool hope to convince 21-year-old Depay that he would get more regular football with them . De Boer has been impressed and suggested he could follow in the footsteps of one of Old Trafford 's former greats and become one of the world 's best players . ' -LRB- Depay -RRB- is one of the biggest talents in Europe , ' said De Boer on talkSPORT . ` He has skill compared to a young Cristiano Ronaldo . He is very lively , technically unbelievable , very skilful , very fast , he has a great goalscoring record , he can shoot from every distance - he has everything . ` For me , he is without doubt one of the best talents we have . ' De Boer , the former Ajax , Barcelona and Holland midfielder who is now assistant manager of Ajax 's youth team , believes the presence of Louis van Gaal as manager could give United an advantage . Depay played under Van Gaal during the latter 's spell as national team boss . ` I do n't want to say which club is more suitable for him , but if he goes to United he knows there is a Dutch coach there who knows him from the World Cup , ' said De Boer . ` That is an advantage . ' PSV Eindhoven won their first Eredivisie title in seven years after beating Heerenveen 4-1 on Saturday . Depay -LRB- right -RRB- celebrates the Dutch giants ' success with manager Phillip Cocu after the match . Pep Guardiola and his staff are planning for the long-term with wingers Arjen Robben and Franck Ribery growing older and picking up more injuries . Bayern are keen on Wolfsburg 's Kevin de Bruyne too and Real Madrid 's Gareth Bale . The latter wants to stay in Spain but De Bruyne , a firm target for Manchester City , could be sold at around £ 40m while PSV want £ 20m for Depay . Liverpool hope to convince Depay that he would get more regular football with them but their qualification for the Champions League could be crucial to the 23-goal winger choosing them over United . PSV value Depay at £ 25million and rejected a £ 14million bid from Tottenham for him last summer . PSV Eindhoven general manager Toon Gerbrands said : ` We have given an indication of the price for Depay , which is probably more than € 25m . Therefore we can have no quibbles with Depay 's management -LSB- over the price -RSB- . Gerbrands added : ` Depay must first reach an agreement with a club and if that club are willing to pay the transfer fee then he can leave quickly . ' Early years and PSV Eindhoven . Born in 1994 , Depay started out at hometown club VV Moordrecht - a Dutch amateur side in south Holland - at the age of six before joining Sparta Rotterdam three years later . The son of a Ghanaian father and Dutch mother , Depay moved to PSV at the age of 12 before making his first-team debut in September 2011 having impressed during a trial . Depay signed his first professional contract in June 2012 and has already made over 100 appearances for the Dutch giants . Playing style . Pacy , with neat close control , Depay loves to run at defenders and completed the most dribbles in the entire Eredivisie during the 2013/14 campaign . Adding more goals to his game this season , the youngster is more than capable at shooting from distance and boasts an explosive right-foot . Often playing on the left-wing and cutting inside , Depay is strong on the ball and has more than a few tricks up his sleeve to bamboozle opponents . However , still at a young age and learning the game , the 21-year-old can sometimes be guilty of making the wrong pass or keeping hold of the ball for too long . Talent to one day match Arjen Robben ... and already better than a young Cristiano Ronaldo ? While Depay has been tipped to become as good as Dutch star Arjen Robben by PSV manager Phillip Cocu , one man believes the Holland youngster could one day rival Cristiano Ronaldo . Ed van Steijn , the man who scouted Ronaldo for Manchester United , believes Depay is better than the Real Madrid star was at the same age . Speaking to Dutch daily newspaper Algemeen Dagblad , Van Steijn said : ` If I compare him to a young Cristiano Ronaldo at the time , then Depay has more strings to his bow . I like him better . ` Ronaldo did the same things wrong at Manchester United as he did when he was 17 . ' Meanwhile , former Holland midfielder Cocu said of Depay : ` Whether he can be as good as Arjen Robben ? I think so . ` They are different players , but they are both fast and have a good shot . And both always have the urge to learn . ` But Memphis is only 21-years-old and only in a few years can real conclusions be drawn . ' Depay 's PSV team-mate Stijn Schaars is also a fan and told Helden Online : ` He 's doing everything to reach the top . ` He has a body of a true athlete , power and flair . I 'm not afraid of him losing his head . His drive is huge . I like him a lot . ' International star and World Cup goalscorer . Depay was handed his first Oranje call-up by Louis van Gaal in 2013 and was selected for Holland 's World Cup squad a year later . The energetic frontman scored the winning goal in Holland 's 3-2 victory over Australia , before coming off the bench to net against Chile and help Van Gaal 's men seal top spot in Group B. Having impressed in Brazil , Depay was nominated for the tournament 's ` Best Young Player ' award but lost out to France midfielder Paul Pogba . CLICK HERE to read Sportsmail 's full background article on Memphis Depay .