Most people would run away if they saw a pile of soil and rubble creeping towards them as if it had a life of its own . But one Russian YouTuber captured the terrifying moment a stream of soil flowed down a bank next to a main road , crushing trees in its powerful path and leaving toppled power lines in its wake . The eerie phenomenon is called an ` earthflow ' and is a rare type of landslide . A Russian YouTuber has captured the terrifying moment a stream of soil flowed down a bank next to a main road -LRB- pictured -RRB- , crushing trees in its powerful path and leaving toppled power lines in its wake . Alexander Giniyatullin kept a remarkably steady hand filming the scary scene in the Kemerovo Region of Russia , which is thought to have happened at around 1 pm on April 1 , according to a blog post on the American Geophysical Union 's website . In the video , snow-covered soil can be seen sliding down the bank at the side of a road , which is thought to run between Novokuznetsk and Bolshaya Talda . The earthflow also blocked nearby railroad tracks and caused power outages , but no one was hurt . Commenting on the post , a user called Michal said : ` The landslide looks like it may have come from a large coal mine area . ' Alexander Giniyatullin kept a remarkably steady hand filming the scary scene in the Kemerovo Region of Russia -LRB- shown by the red marker -RRB- , which is thought to have happened at 1 pm on April 1 . An earthflow is a type of landslide . It 's a viscous flow of fine-grained materials , such as clay , sand and silt that have been saturated with water and moves downhill because of the pull of gravity . As the earthflow moves down a slope , it remains covered with any vegetation and typically leaves a bowl-shaped depression behind . Earthflows usually begin in a large basin on the upper part of a slope where debris and weathered material accumulate . They are usually triggered by heavy rainfall , so that when the debris becomes saturated with enough water , it starts flowing downhill . The speed of an earthflow can vary depending on the amount of water present and the angle of the slope and varies from 0.11 to 12.4 mph -LRB- 0.17 to 20 km/h -RRB- . As the earthflow gathers momentum , it can be seen crushing trees in its path , and the sound of crumbling soil and splintering wood can be heard in the video . The cameraman backs away as the material eerily creeps across the width of the road , where he was previously standing and it seems to spread along the bank at a walking pace . An earthflow is a viscous flow of fine-grained materials , such as clay , sand and silt that have been saturated with water and moves downhill because of the pull of gravity . As the earthflow runs down a slope , it remains covered with any vegetation and typically leaves a bowl-shaped depression behind . It is slower than a mud flow , which can cover villages beneath mud in minutes . Earthflows usually begin in a large basin on the upper part of a slope where debris and weathered material accumulate , - although this point can not be seen in the video . As the earthflow gathers momentum , it can be seen crushing trees in its path -LRB- pictured -RRB- and the sound of crumbling soil and splintering wood can be heard . The speed of an earthflow can vary depending on the amount of water present and the angle of the slope and varies from being barely noticeable to relatively rapid , as seen in the video when a road becomes completely blocked -LRB- pictured -RRB- in a matter of minutes . Research suggests that rockfall son Mont Blanc -LRB- pictured -RRB- are caused by warming temperatures . Climbers have long suspected that hotter summers trigger rockfalls on the slopes of Mont Blanc in the French Alps . Now a study of 533 rockfalls reported by climbers or spotted on satellite images of the mountain since 2003 , has bolstered the opinion that climate change is making popular routes up Europe 's highest mountain more treacherous . Ludovic Ranavel of the University of Savoie at Le Bourget-du-Lac in the Alps , spotted a strong correlation between the number of rockfalls and air and rock temperatures on the slopes , New Scientist reported . He thinks that melting permafrost may be to blame , because it loosens rocks that were held in place with ice , causing them to fall . The expert revealed that 95 per cent of rockfalls around the mountain occur during between June and September - the hottest months of the year . Most begin in areas 10,170 ft -LRB- 3,100 metres -RRB- above sea level , close to the zone containing perma ice , he told the European Geosciences Union 's general assembly in Vienna . As the Alps get hotter , the zone is thought to be receding , creating more rockfalls than before . They are usually triggered by heavy rainfall , so that when the debris becomes saturated with enough water , it starts flowing downhill . The video shows a stream of water running down the road as the debris falls down the slope , indicating the mass of soil is waterlogged . The speed of an earthflow can vary depending on the amount of water present and the angle of the slope , varying from being barely noticeable to relatively rapid , as seen in the video when a road becomes completely blocked in a matter of minutes . Experts at San Diego State University said speeds can range from 0.11 to 12.4 mph -LRB- 0.17 to 20 km/h -RRB- . In fact , it can take minutes or years for material to move down slops and earthflows can affect anything from a few metres of land , to several hectares . In the video , the flow of debris is quite fast and it 's possible to see industrial equipment toppled at the top of the slope , while trees are crushed beneath the moving earth and what appear to be power lines and pylons pulled down and dragged along by the moving mass of earth . The movement seems to speed up as the cameraman beats a hasty retreat down the road . When he pans back along the way he has come , the road is completely blocked by a debris that looks as if it is between one and two storeys high in places . Towards the end of the footage , the speed of the earthflow seems to decline , but it continues to creep across the road , to completely cross it .