The third of five men arrested during raids in Melbourne at the weekend which saw police foil an Anzac Day terror plot has now been charged . The 18-year-old Hampton Park man had his Preventative Detention Order - which allows police to hold a person without charge for up to 14 days - removed , and the teenager was re-arrested . The man has now been charged with ` conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for , or planning , terrorist acts ' , according to Victorian Police and AFP . Scroll down for video . A third man has been charged after raids in Melbourne led police to foil an Anzac Day terror plot . Police uncovered swords and knifes after searching five teenager 's homes . He will appear in Melbourne Magistrates ' Court on Tuesday . On Monday a police insider revealed sickening details about the alleged Anzac Day terror plot , claiming the accused men planned to run over a police officer and then kill him with a knife . According to the ABC , a security official close to the ongoing investigation said the group of five men intended to take the officer 's gun and embark on a shooting rampage on the streets of Melbourne . The shocking plans mirror those of Islamic preachers Michael Adebolajo and Michael Adebowale , who ran down 25-year-old soldier Lee Rigby in Woolwich south-east London in May 2013 before ` butchering him ' to death . Sevdet Besim -LRB- pictured -RRB- along with four other men , planned to run down a police officer before using a knife to stab him to death . The British-born Muslim converts ran Rigby down in a car before hacking him to death with a meat cleaver and knives in a frenzied attack . . They dumped the body of the father-of-one in the middle of the road near Woolwich Barracks in south east London . Adebolajo and Adebowale lay in wait near the barracks and picked Fusilier Rigby to kill after assuming he was a soldier because he was wearing a Help for Heroes hooded top and carrying a camouflage rucksack . Sevdet Besim , from Hallam in Melbourne 's south-east , was charged with ` conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for , or planning , terrorist acts ' at the Melbourne Magistrates Court on Saturday afternoon . Both men were shot by police in dramatic scenes captured by CCTV . They claimed they were ` soldiers of Allah ' and were motivated by the plight of Muslims abroad to carry out the killing . The five men who were arrested in anti-terror raids on Saturday in Melbourne , after the culmination of a month-long operation code-named Operation Rising , were planning a strikingly similar attack . Around 200 police officers were involved in the raids and investigations are still ongoing . Police said the alleged plot could have been executed any time in the next week after they found knifes and swords in the teenager 's homes and it emerged that they were scouting police stations in the run-up to their attack . British soldier Lee Rigby was stabbed to death with a meat cleaver on the streets of London in 2013 . Michael Adebolajo -LRB- right -RRB- and Michael Adebowale -LRB- left -RRB- ran down 25-year-old soldier Lee Rigby in Woolwich south-east London in May 2013 before ` butchering him ' to death . It comes as a British teenager has been arrested on suspicion of helping to plot the ISIS-inspired attack during the First World War commemorations . The 14-year-old boy from Blackburn , Lancashire allegedly communicated with Australian men who were planning to use knives and swords to hack officers to death in Melbourne on Anzac Day . When the alleged plot was uncovered by Greater Manchester Police , they tipped off Australian authorities who swooped on the terror suspects , arresting five men over the weekend . Greater Manchester Police said today the 14-year-old was first arrested on April 2 after police intercepted communications between him and an Australian man , allegedly relating to a planned terrorist attack . He was then re-arrested on Saturday on suspicion of being concerned in the commission , preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism , and is currently being questioned by police in custody . Australian Federal Police said : ` Victoria Police and the Australian Federal Police can confirm a link between the arrest of a 14-year-old boy in Blackburn , Lancashire in the United Kingdom on Saturday with Operation Rising , a joint Counter Terrorism Team operation . ` The nature of the communication will form part of the investigation and therefore it would not be appropriate to comment further . ' Mr Besim did not apply for bail and was remanded in custody for a filing hearing on April 24 . The teen was interviewed by police all morning before travelling to the Magistrates Court where he was charged . Two of the five men arrested in pre-dawn raids on Saturday remain in custody , including Sevdet Besim , 18 , of Hallam , who was charged with conspiring to commit a terrorist act . A second 18-year-old man , of Hampton Park in Melbourne 's southeast , is being held under a Preventative Detention Order , which allows police to hold a person without charge for up to 14 days . He has now been charged . The duo were ` associates ' of Abdul Numan Haider -LRB- pictured -RRB- . His parents have spoken out after it emerged the five men were trying to avenge their son . Police held one of the alleged ringleaders in jail under tough new terror laws , despite not being charged . The man , who can not be identified due to suppression orders , could be held for the whole 14 days after police applied for a Preventive Detention Order . Both men often frequented the controversial Al-Furqan Islamic study centre in South Springvale . A friend of the two men still in custody said they became radicalised after the death of Numan Haider . Haider was killed by police last year after he attacked officers with a knife , and is believed to have planned an ISIS-like attack . The two alleged ringleaders of the Anzac Day plot reportedly attended Haider 's funeral . Haider 's parents spoke out for the first time since his death in September , when he was gunned down while trying to stab two officers . Their comments come after it emerged the five men who planned Saturday 's attacks were planning to avenge their son . ` We just want only peace for our family -- and Australia , ' Haider 's father told the Herald Sun . ` We do n't want violence . ' It was also revealed the young men arrested on Saturday had personal links with a senior Australian jihadist and Islamic State recruiter in Syria . All five men are from suburbs in the city 's far southeast . Police are exploring the role played in the plot by Neil Prakash -LRB- left -RRB- , 23 , who is considered to be the top Australian recruiter for ISIS . Pictured is one of the homes in the suburb where police made one of several arrest during terror raids . Police are exploring the role played in the plot by Neil Prakash , 23 , who is considered to be the top Australian recruiter for ISIS , according to Fairfax Media . Prakash , who is know by the jihadist name Abu Khalid al-Kambodi , may have been in direct communication with the teenagers until recently . Islamic preacher Junaid Thorne , a self-styled Australian jihadist speaker , has described the raids in Melbourne as the ` usual nonsense ' and said it was ` strange ' how authorities could stop alleged terrorism plots ` but ca n't foil rape incidents ' . Mr Thorne has been a regular speaker at the controversial Al-Furqan Centre in Springvale in Melbourne , where the five men arrested at the weekend also attended . Like the five men arrested at the weekend , Mr Thorne was linked with 18-year-old Numan Haider , who was shot dead in September after stabbing two police officers at a Melbourne police station car park . Just two days before 18-year-old Sevdet was arrested at his Melbourne home on Saturday , he was perusing the Facebook page of Junaid Thorne . Residents living next door to the homes that were raided in the early hours of the morning have described waking to glass smashing , screams and ` fire-cracker like ' noises before seeing lights . Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott -LRB- right -RRB- and Australian Federal Police Deputy Commissioner Michael Phelan -LRB- left -RRB- address a media conference in Sydney . Mr Abbott urged all Australians to continue with their Anzac Day celebration plans as normal . ` Strange how Australian authorities always foil terrorism plans , but ca n't foil rape incidents , robberies , domestic violence or anything else , ' Mr Thorne tweeted in the wake of the arrests . ` May Allah be with the young kids and their families who were arrested today in #MelbourneArrest over mere speculation and the usual nonsense . ' Thorne had also befriended Sharky Jama , the former Melbourne model who was killed earlier this month while fighting with Islamic State . The 25-year-old has also posted messages online in support of the Charlie Hebdo attacks in Paris . Thorne sparked outrage in January when he told social media followers that insults to the Prophet Mohammad were ` not allowed ' and were likely to ` simulate some kind of response ' following the terror attacks in Paris . Thorne , who moved to Saudi Arabia with his family where he lived for 14 years until he was deported in 2013 for protesting his brother 's imprisonment on terror charges , was in February banned from applying for passports or travelling overseas . The self-proclaimed sheik attempted to gain passage on a flight under false identification . Over the past 12 months , Thorne 's views have been the subject of public scrutiny . Islamic fundamentalist preacher Junaid Thorne has come out in support of the five teenagers . Junaid Thorne does not describe himself as an Islamic State supporter . He told the ABC last year : ` I may support them -LRB- on -RRB- certain issues , while I disagree with them in other issues . ' Following the nation 's biggest ever terror raids last September , he labelled Australian authorities ` the real terrorists ' in a statement posted on his Facebook page . After Melbourne man Numan Haider , 18 , allegedly stabbed two police officers outside of a police station , Thorne said that he had been ` murdered by authorities ' . Thorne later told the ABC Haider had attended some of his lectures , which he performs around the country . Thorne does not describe himself as a supporter of the Islamic State . He told the ABC last year : ` If I were to vocalise my complete support to them -LRB- Islamic State -RRB- , I would get in trouble , ' he said . ` If I was to say that -LRB- I -RRB- do n't support them at all , that would be untrue . ` I may support them on certain issues , while I disagree with them on other issues ' . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .