He has taken millions of selfies - including during this campaign . But yesterday the Prime Minister used a selfie stick for the first time . It happened as David Cameron toured Pirate FM during a visit to Cornwall to lay out Conservative plans for the southwest . Prime Minister David Cameron , pictured , used a selfie stick for the first time during visit to Cornwall . The PM posed with the telescopic device to take a photograph with staff at Pirate FM . Selfie sticks work by fixing the camera to an adjustable clamp on a telescopic arm , allowing the users to feature in the wide angle photo they are taking . Mr Cameron travelled down to the south west on the sleeper train . He told staff that other world leaders have selfie sticks , including the Prime Minister of Finland . During his visit to the station Mr Cameron was presented with a Cornish t-shirts emblazoned ` If You Can Smell My Pasty , You 're Too Close . ' Mr Cameron kindly volunteered to give that to the chancellor - a reference to George Osborne 's infamous budget in which he proposed a ` pasty tax ' . Mr Cameron likes to project an image as the ` chillaxing ' statesman unruffled by political troubles - but this morning his usual demeanour seemed to desert him as he donned a bizarre outfit on the campaign trail . The Prime Minister looked exhausted as he stepped off the sleeper train at Penzance today , ahead of a speech in which he delivered his ` plan for Cornwall ' . Mr Cameron arrived in Penzance yesterday morning after spending eight hours on the train from Paddington . He was dressed very casually as he alighted the sleeper carriage after the eight-hour journey . Mr Cameron said it was nice to have a night without the children or Mrs Cameron nudging him in the ribs . The Conservatives are battling against their Coalition partners in the South-West as they seek to wrest control of key constituencies from the Liberal Democrats . But Mr Cameron is still trailing Ed Miliband 's Labour Party nationally , with just 13 days to go until polling day . The Prime Minister seemed as if he had had trouble sleeping on the eight-hour journey from London 's Paddington station . His hair was unkempt and he was wearing an unusual combination of jeans with shiny loafers which might be considered more appropriate for a smart business suit . Mr Cameron sported a navy jacket with a dark blue polo shirt , and set off his outfit with the ultimate status symbol - a red box holding ministerial papers , which only a few dozen people are entitled to carry . While the jacket may have looked inoffensive , the Tory leader may have been making a political statement in support of the Union , as it appears to have been made by Scottish firm Lyle & Scott . Similar models retail online for around £ 125 . Speaking at a factory later , he insisted that he had in fact slept very well - because his wife Samantha was not there to complain about him talking in his sleep . Mr Cameron said : ` It was very comfortable , very nice it was too , to have a night without the children waking me up or Mrs Cameron nudging me in the ribs and telling me to shut up for talking in my sleep . '