Floyd Mayweather is known as ` Money ' and the boxing superstar gave a further glimpse to his incredible wealth on Wednesday . The 38-year-old took to his Shots account to upload a picture inside his private jet . Accompanied with the caption ` Air Mayweather , ' the WBA and WBC welterweight world champion can be seen inside his aircraft alongside a member of his brand The Money Team . The social media post would have come as a minor respite for Mayweather as he prepares for the most expensive bout in boxing history on May 2 . Floyd Mayweather -LRB- right -RRB- gave fans an inside look of his private jet via his Shots account on Wednesday . The orthodox fighter is putting his two belts , and his unbeaten record , on the line when he takes on Philippine star Manny Pacquiao . The unification bout against WBO champion Pacquiao at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas is expected to total $ 300million . Ahead of the highly-anticipated fight , boxing legend Muhammad Ali wants to see Pacquiao emerge triumphant come May 2 , according to his daughter . Rasheda Ali revealed that her father respects Pacquiao 's boxing capabilities but also admires how he handles himself away from the ring . ` My dad is team Pacquiao all the way , ' she told TMZ on Tuesday . ` My dad really likes Manny , he 's a huge fan of his . Muhammad Ali wants Manny Pacquiao -LRB- right -RRB- to beat Mayweather when they clash on May 2 in Las Vegas . ` He knows Manny 's a great fighter but it 's more about what he does outside the ring . He 's such a charitable person . ' Ali added that her father acknowledges Mayweather 's own boxing capabilities but admitted they are two very different personalities . ` My dad stood for things . Mayweather ... I do n't think there 's a comparison , ' she said , before revealing that Ali will not be in attendance for the fight in Las Vegas on May 2 but will watch it on television . ` There 's no question he 's going to order it , ' she added . ` It takes my dad way back to when he was fighting . ' Ali is widely considered as the greatest boxer ever and his daughter said he ` really likes ' Pacquiao .