Michael Schumacher 's son has returned to the racing circuit just weeks after he was involved in a 100mph crash - and once again ended up going off the track . Mick Schumacher made his pre-season test debut in Formula 4 at the Oschersleben circuit in Germany - but at one point was pictured accidentally driving through gravel . The 16-year-old , whose father won the Formula 1 championship seven times , reached the new category after seven years of karting in what is seen as a stepping stone for junior drivers hoping to reach the top . Scroll down for video . Mick Schumacher was pictured accidentally turning into gravel by the side of the track during a pre-season test debut in Formula 4 . The 16-year-old , son of seven-time F1 world champion Michael , accidentally went off the track during a training session . Back in action : The protege was back on the circuit just weeks after a 100mph crash at the Lausitzring speedway in Brandenburg , eastern Germany . The young protege was racing through the Lausitzring speedway in Brandenburg , eastern Germany in March when he skidded out of control and onto gravel . He was travelling at speeds of up to 100mph when the incident unfolded - but the crash was minor and he walked away from the accident uninjured . The teenager stepped up his pre-season training as he drove his Amersfoort car - but was pictured accidentally turning his vehicle across gravel by the side of the track . His father , who is still recovering from a December 2013 ski accident at his home in Switzerland , has won a record seven 91 races in Formula 1 . The rookie 's boss Frits van Amersfoort says the youngster will need time . Need for speed : Mick Schumacher -LRB- pictured -RRB- is looking to follow in the footsteps of his father Michael . Mick Schumacher made his official Formula 4 pre-season test debut with Van Amersfoort on Wednesday . Schumacher will need time to make his way as a driver , according to team manager Frits van Amersfoort . Mick schumacher -LRB- pictured -RRB- was travelling at speeds of up to 100mph when he crashed last month - but the accidenty was minor and he walked away uninjured . Mick Schumacher is pictured centre walking through the pits during his pre-season test session . ` Of course we know that his father is a seven time world champion , ' he said . ` But I want to emphasise that Mick will take the time to learn the trade of the racing driver . ' The teen finished second in the world , European and German kart championships last season and signed a contract with Van Amersfoort Racing to drive in the Formula 4 in March . His father emerged from his induced coma in June last year , and left hospital in September . He has since started to recognise family members , according to someone claiming to be a family friend . Mick 's father Michael -LRB- pictured -RRB- has won a record seven 91 races in Formula 1 and is considered a motor racing legend . Future star ? Mick Schumacher finished second in the world , European and German kart championships last season . Mick Shumacher 's father , Michael , is still recovering from a December 2013 ski accident at his home in Switzerland . On track : The 16-year-old began karting seven years ago and this year reached the German Formula 4 . Philippe Streiff , a former Formula 1 driver , told French media Schumacher ` has yet to recover the power of speech ' but is ` nevertheless starting to recognise those close to him ' . However , Schumacher 's manager has disputed the comments , saying the 46-year-old faces a ` long fight ' for recovery and that Streiff is not a family friend . ` We need a long time , ' Sabine Kehm said . ` He is making progress appropriate to the severity of the situation . Mick Schumacher -LRB- right -RRB- stands next to his Formula Four car during a media day at the Oschersleben circuit in east Germany . Mick Schumacher has reached German Formula 4 - a racing category used as a stepping stone by junior drivers . The rookie 's boss Frits van Amersfoort says Mick Schumacher -LRB- pictured -RRB- will need time to ` learn the trade of the racing driver ' There was a mass of media attention as Mick Schumacher -LRB- pictured -RRB- raced his black car around a circuit in his homeland .