A hotelier claims to be living in fear after her windows were smashed and she received intimidating phone calls after appearing on Channel 4 's ` Four in a Bed ' criticising other hotels in the area . Jennifer McGirr , 61 , said the abuse started when the windows to the Tower View Hotel , which she owns , were shattered after a man threw a brick at them in a ` premeditated ' attack . She also claims to have had a stream of intimidating phone calls since starring on the reality TV show , where b & b owners visit each others properties and rate their stay . Hotelier Jennifer McGirr claims to be living in fear after her windows were smashed and she received intimidating phone calls after appearing on Channel 4 's ` Four in a Bed ' During the programme , Ms McGirr described other hotels in Blackpool , Lancashire , as ` grim ' , in response to another couple 's claims that there were cheaper places to stay in the area . She said : ` It 's come totally out of the blue . It 's been very frightening really . ` Where does all this hatred come from ? ' On hotel CCTV footage of the incident , a man can be seen walking up to the hotel with a brick in his hand before spending several minutes outside , apparently checking he is not being watched . He can be seen putting the brick down while he sits on a nearby wall for a while , letting a car go past , before he picks it up again and hurls it at the hotel . She then received an abusive phone call later in the day , while police were at the hotel investigating the damage . She said she also answered the phone in the middle of the night and could hear only the sound of someone breathing . During the programme , Ms McGirr described other hotels in Blackpool , Lancashire , as ` grim ' , in response to another couple 's claims that there were cheaper places to stay in the area . Her windows were smashed the next day . She said : ` When I got this first phone call he just came out with this tirade of nastiness about the hotel . ' ` He said it was a disgusting , horrible hotel and he would n't stay there if I paid him . ` I do n't know this guy - it 's not anyone who has stayed here . I passed the phone to one of the policemen and when he said hello the man hung up . ' Ms McGirr , who has owned the hotel for two-and-a-half years , featured in five episodes of the Channel 4 show last week . On hotel CCTV footage of the incident , a man can be seen walking up to the hotel with a brick in his hand before spending several minutes outside , apparently checking he is not being watched . During one of the episodes she responded to criticism of her hotel from a couple who said there were cheaper options for a budget stay in Blackpool by saying : ` You try staying in them - they are grim . ' Her windows were smashed the following day . She added : ` There was pure intent . He meant to do it . ` He just hung around waiting until he was sure the coast was clear . ` It 's going to cost me a great deal of money . ' A Lancashire Police spokesman said the force was investigating . He said : ` We received a report of a brick being thrown through the window of the guest house at 12.30 am on Friday . Inquiries are ongoing and no arrests have been made . '