Muslim Engagement and Development have reportedly claimed they can influence up to 30 seats at the General election . Pictured Sufyan Ismail . A Muslim group with links to extremists has claimed it can influence up to 30 seats at the election , it has been reported . Muslim Engagement and Development -LRB- Mend -RRB- was said to have boasted that they can act as ` kingmakers ' when the country goes to the polls . The group , which wants to let British Muslims fight in Syria without fear of prosecution , has bragged that it is in talks with both the Conservatives and Labour , according to the Daily Telegraph . At least one election candidate is said to have been approached by a high-profile Muslim and offered campaign money in return for back the group 's ` Muslim Manifesto , ' the newspaper reported . Sufyan Ismail , Mend 's chief executive , was said to have claimed to be able to influence up to 30 seats during a talk at the Zakariyya Central Mosque in Bolton . ` Right now , we are negotiating with the Labour leadership , we are negotiating with the Tory leadership and insh ` allah -LSB- God willing -RSB- will start with the Lib Dem leadership as well , where we have a list of manifesto pledges , ' he reportedly said , according to the Telegraph . ` The Muslim vote is worth ten ordinary votes because ... we are heavily concentrated in a few areas , ' he said . ` Anybody who can give any one party 10 , 20 , 30 seats , like we can , they have to listen to you . ' The group 's 48 page manifesto does not make mention of wanting to let British Muslims fight in Syria . Azad Ali , who has supported the killing of British soldiers , is Mend 's director of engagement . It is also reportedly linked to extremist Abu Eesa Niamatullah and promotes hate preacher Haitham al-Haddad . The Labour Party reportedly denied the claims that it was negotiating with Mend , according to the Telegraph . The Conservatives have been contacted by the MailOnline for comment . Mend ' chief executive Sufyan Ismail has reportedly claimed that the group is in negotiations with both the Tory and Labour leadership .