Google has been steadily revealing some of the biggest questions its users have typed into the search engine about 2016 presidential candidates . Many of the questions focused on candidates ' ages and heights , according to the website . Google Politics tweeted about former first lady and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton 's announcement that she is seeking the presidency . ` It 's official . @HillaryClinton is running . Here are the Q 's people are asking @google about Clinton in the past hour : ' Search : One of the biggest questions about Hillary Clinton was about how old she is . Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Rodham Clinton poses for a photo with Simpson College student MacKenzie Bills , center , after meeting with Iowa Democratic Party lawmakers at the Statehouse . The most popular question typed into Google during that time period was asking how old Clinton is . The second-most popular was ` Is Hillary Clinton a Democrat ? ' Clinton is 67 years old and a member of the Democratic Party . Last Monday , Sen. Rand Paul -LRB- R-KY -RRB- announced he is seeking the Oval Office in 2016 . That day , Google Politics tweeted what it said were ` Related questions to Rand Paul in the last 24 hours . ' Those included ` How tall is Rand Paul ? ' and ` How old is Rand Paul ? ' Revealed : Google Politics tweeted last week what it said were ` Related questions to Rand Paul ' after he revealed he is seeking the Oval Office in 2016 . Questions about Rand Paul included ` How tall is Rand Paul ? ' and ` How old is Rand Paul ? ' Candidate : The top questions on Marco Rubio were ` How old is Marco Rubio ? ' and ` Where was Marco Rubio born ? ' He is 43 years old and was born in Florida to Cuban immigrants . Republican Senator from Florida Marco Rubio walks near the Senate chamber , on Capitol Hill in Washington DCon 15 April . Paul is 52 years old . The International Business Times reported in 2013 he is 5 ' 8 '' tall . Others asked about Paul 's father and what type of doctor he is . Paul is an opthalmologist , and his father is the former Republican congressman Ron Paul . Sen. Marco Rubio -LRB- R-FL -RRB- , said he is running for president on Monday . That day , Google Politics tweeted that the number one question for Rubio was ` How old is Marco Rubio ? ' Per The Blaze , some related questions asked about Ted Cruz was ` Where was Ted Cruz born ? ' and ` How old is Ted Cruz ? ' Cruz was born in Canada and is 44 years old . Some related questions asked about Sen. Ted Cruz -LRB- R-TX -RRB- were ` Where was Ted Cruz born ? ' and ` How old is Ted Cruz ? ' The second-most popular question about the senator was ` Where was Marco Rubio born ? ' Rubio is 43 years old and was born in Florida to Cuban immigrants . The third-most popular question was about Rubio 's height . The International Business Times reported in 2013 he is 5 ' 9 '' . Per The Blaze , some related questions asked about Sen. Ted Cruz -LRB- R-TX -RRB- was ` Where was Ted Cruz born ? ' and ` How old is Ted Cruz ? ' Cruz was born in Canada and is 44 years old . Charts made available on Google Trends show that interest in Paul and Cruz has dipped somewhat since both made their announcements , but seemed to be slightly increasing early this week . Interest in Clinton and Rubio , however , seemed to be on the rise as of Sunday after they said they were running . Daily Mail Online has reached out to Google for more information on top searches on the candidates . Waning interest ? According to Google Trends data , interest in Sen. Rand Paul decreased somewhat after he announced he is running for president . Interest in Sen. Ted Cruz also decreased following his announcement in late March . However , it seemed to be on the rise somewhat early this week . Soaring : This Google Trends chart shows interest in Marco Rubio has increased since he said he 's running . Big leap : Interest also jumped for Hillary Clinton and seems to have grown since her Sunday announcement .