Darren Humphries , 37 , was jailed for eight weeks for throwing chocolate mini eggs at his estranged wife . An angry husband who assaulted his estranged wife by pelting her in the face with chocolate mini eggs has been jailed for eight weeks . Darren Humphries , 37 , began throwing Cadbury Mini Eggs at wife Claire , 31 , after drunkenly losing his temper on March 3 . Magistrates heard he flipped when his partner of 14 years refused to allow him into her home to see their two children . Humphries forced the door open and grabbed his wife by the jaw causing her to fall back into the house . He then picked up a packet of the chocolate treats - which had been bought for Easter - and began throwing individual eggs at her head . JPs were told Mrs Humphries managed to call police and her husband was arrested at the property in Windermere Drive , Worcester . On Monday he was jailed for eight weeks at Worcester Magistrates Court after pleading guilty to assault by beating and using violence to secure entry to a premise . Humphries , of no fixed abode , launched a tirade of abuse and expletives directed at magistrates when the sentence was announced . Sentencing , chair of the bench , Sue Dowty , said : ` There were lots of aggravating factors . ` The location of the offence , the fact it was domestic violence , you were in drink and it was carried out in front of your children . ' The court heard in a separate incident Humphries damaged his estranged wife 's car by throwing wheelie bins at the vehicle on February 23 . Prosecutor Mark Soper said the defendant had launched the bins after Mrs Humphries had refused to let him sleep inside her Volkswagen Golf . He told the court : ` The couple have been separated since February 2014 after 14 years together - they have two children , a 10-year-old boy and an 8-year-old girl . ` It seems Mr Humphries became mentally unwell and his wife decided the relationship should end . ` He had become very difficult to live with , using drugs and alcohol to self-medicate . Worcester Magistrates Court heard Humphries flipped when his partner of 14 years refused to allow him into her home to see their two children and began throwing Cadbury Mini Eggs after drunkenly losing his temper . ` This led to abusive and violent behaviour towards her and left her in fear of him . ` During the first incident he went to the home address . He was in drink and asked to be allowed to sleep in her car , but she did not allow him . ` He threw wheelie bins at the car and was arrested and charged with that offence . ` In the next incident he forced the door open and grabbed his wife by the jawbone causing her to fall into the house . ' Mr Soper added : ` He was shouting at her and eventually released her , causing her further distress because she was in fear of him . ` Then he started throwing Cadbury Mini Eggs at her . ` She managed to call the police and the matters were admitted in interview . ' Rob Macrory , defending , said : ` This behaviour is born totally out of frustration . ` He was driven by the emotion of wanting to see his children and he is generally so fed up in life . ` There are mental health difficulties but he does not believe he has a problem with alcohol . ` I would ask the court to consider that there were not extensive injuries to the victim and he only has a very short record . ' Magistrates also imposed a restraining order preventing Humphries from contacting his estranged wife either ` directly or indirectly . ' He was ordered to pay a victim surcharge of £ 85 .