A New Orleans couple bought a ramshackle historic cottage , moved it across the city and renovated it all the while using salvaged materials and respecting the home 's original floor plan . Gaby Tillero and Greg Ensslen bought the the two-story 1840s Creole home from the Central City neighborhood after a church said they wanted to demolish it and expand their parking lot . The couple moved it to the Freret neighborhood where they then spent seven months renovating . Tillero and her husband Ensslen now live in the home with their two sons , six-year-old Santiago and nine-year-old Javier , as well as Tillero 's mother , Olga Tillero . Scroll down for video . Gaby Tillero and Greg Ensslen bought this 1840s Creole cottage style home in the Central City neighborhood of New Orleans almost two years ago . The couple then dismantled the home , moved it to the Freret neighborhood of the city and renovated the home while respecting the floor plan and using salvaged materials to decorate the home . To honor the home 's original duplex floor plan while still creating a single-family home , Ensslen and Tillero put a massive wooden staircase between the kitchen and living room . The home is decorated with materials salvaged from other homes and salvage markets . The bookshelf on the right holding dishes was part of a house Ensslen restored in 1999 . This is what the Central City house looked like before Tillero and Ensslen bought up the house and moved it to the Freret neighborhood where it sits now . The original staircase in the home separated the building into a duplex . In the renovated home Tillero and Ensslen honored the staircase idea by putting a massive wooden staircase separating the kitchen from the living room . ` We bought the house to save the house - it was slated for demolition , ' Ensslen told The Times-Picayune . ` I 've always liked the Creole cottage style . ' Ensslen , who 's a historic renovation developer and organizer of the Freret Market and Freret Street Festival , and Tillero wanted to live outside Central City , so they bought the house before they had a lot to put it on . They ended up having to dismantle the structure and put it into storage . ` We had to dismantle it completely , ' Ensslen said . ` It was a stack of lumber . We put it in a few dumpsters . ' The dumpsters were stored on a secured lot near the city 's Industrial Canal , where they sat for a year until the couple found a lot that fit the house 's dimensions . Once they sorted how to rebuilt the cottage 's floor plan and collected materials for its interior , they purchased a lot . They rebuilt and renovated the house in seven months . One of the kitchen walls is decorated with a series of hand-crank egg beaters , which Ensslen began collecting in the 1980s when he moved to New Orleans . All of the wood in the home was stripped of old paint and finished with linseed oil for a more golden touch in order to give it more character . The couple bought the home almost two years before they were able to live in it . It sat in storage for a year and then went through seven months of renovations . Once the couple found a lot that would fit the cottage 's dimensions , they spent seven months renovating the home . Before the couple salvaged it , the kitchen 's large island was a sewing table at an old department store . Its stove top is from the 1940s . Tillero and Ensslen 's kitchen was kept simple , having the counter tops made out of poured concrete that was dyed black . For the kitchen cabinets and drawers , Ensslen used forks and spooks given to him by his parents when he moved to New Orleans . The cottage was originally a duplex , but Tillero and Ensslen decided to change the home into a single-home floor plan . They added an august floating staircase in the middle of the ground floor , to honor the split . ` What a lot of New Orleans charm is about is the millwork and doors and stuff , ' Ensslen said . ` I 'm glad we were able to have that . ' The wooden staircase features a 20th-century iron railing that was salvaged from an old housing project in another neighborhood of New Orleans . It 's anchored by beams that are camouflaged by a guest bathroom that sits between the living room and the kitchen . Antique lanterns light a tiny bathroom around the corner from the entryway and flooring of the house comes from wide pine planks that once were part of the roof , which was covered by tiles . ` Until recently , there was no plywood ' for roof substructures , Ensslen said . Ensslen and Tillero bought the house after a church said they wanted to tear it down and expand its parking lot to that site . Through Ensslen 's work with the Preservation Resource Center , he was able to negotiate a salvage instead of a demolition of the house . From the stairs of the two-story house , a person can see both the kitchen and the living room from above . The living room of the home features a coffee table made out of an old ` pedestrians crossing ' street sign and wooden legs . Tillero and Ensslen live in the home with their two sons , six-year-old Santiago and nine-year-old Javier , as well as Tillero 's mother , Olga Tillero . The home features walk-through windows that raise from the ground and lead out to the cottage 's massive front porch . The chest of drawers is one of the many recycled and salvaged pieces of furniture in the family 's home . Ensslen and Tillero turned to artist friends to help decorate the cottage . The doors and mantels were stripped of old paint and finished with linseed oil for a more golden touch . ` The paint usually hides imperfections in the wood , but the nicks and bumps , they add more character , Ensslen said . The windows date back to before the house was purchased , before Tillero and Ensslen were married . When they were dating , Ensslen spotted the ` square , very masculine windows ' at a salvage yard . ` I 'd never seen anything like that . ' After purchasing them they were stolen , but he got the one-of-a-kind windows back through his contacts int he salvage market industry . Tillero and Ensslen reached out to friends for interior decorating ideas . The living room features a tall built-in cabinet that was created out of wood from an old shed . A friend of the couple built the cabinet to accommodate Tillero , Ensslen and their two sons . Salvaged shutters are used as one wall of the room that Javier and Santiago share on the second floor . They seemed to have lined the shutters with ribbons they have received . Photos of Ensslen and Tillero with their sons Javier and Santiago decorate the walls of their bedroom in vintage white frames . Ensslen and Tillero 's bedroom door was recycled from the old Maison Blanche department store chain in New Orleans . The door to the couple 's bedroom was recycled from an old department store . Its door handle remains the same knob as the original door , marked with the Maison Blanche emblem . Another wall of the couple 's room is lined with hats . Ensslen and Tillero wanted to rebuild their home on a lot that got plenty of natural light . Ensslen received these glass panels from his father who worked in a stained glass factory in New Jersey after a they ` did n't fit the client 's spec ' A key rack hanging in the home appears to be made out of old hooks and wood , along with recycled washers , chain links and wire . The massive , garage-door style cabinet fits a television , wine rack and cubbie holes for Javier and Santiago . Its wood , coincidentally , matches the colonial-style blue color of the kitchen walls - a paint the couple has held on to for 14 years and used in a previous home . Comic-book-style , custom-made decals line the walls of the sons ' playroom , which has low desks that the kids can use for arts and crafts . The kitchen was kept simple , with counters made of black poured concrete that contrasts the bamboo and canvas blinds . A salvaged , brass-footed island sits in the middle of the kitchen . It used to be a sewing table at an old department store . As for the cabinets , the handles are created out of bent utensils . And Ensslen says that the 1940s Tappan kitchen stove top is a highlight of of the house . Though it required a bit of rehabilitation , Ensslen claims ` it 's the best stove ever ' . Unused signage sits in the couple 's driveway , waiting to be used for their next project . The couple plans to use it to create art to put in their home . Pots and signs line the driveway of the home . Ensslen and Tillero salvaged recycled materials from all over while renovating . The windows date back to before the house was purchased , before Tillero and Ensslen were married . When they were dating , Ensslen spotted the ` square , very masculine windows ' at a salvage yard . The orange front door to the cottage stands out against the home 's green , white and blue paint . Walk-through windows line the porch . The home sits in New Orleans 's Freret neighborhood , where Ensslen is an organizer of the Freret Market and Freret Street Festival . The home features a foliage-covered front yard and two vintage cars sit in the driveway . Though it was originally a duplex , Ensslen and Tillero decided to turn the home into a single-family structure . Not only is the inside covered in art , but the outside features salvaged materials and art as well . A star-shaped sculpture created by Ensslen hangs on the side of the house .