The force was n't with everyone during the Star Wars : Episode VII - The Force Awakens panel held at California 's Anaheim Convention Center on Thursday . Carrie Fisher , 58 , who is reprising her role as Princess Leia , and Mark Hamill , 63 , who is Luke Skywalker , were arm-in-arm on the stage just before the second trailer for the December film was rolled out . Not on hand was Harrison Ford , who is the franchise 's Han Solo . Producer Kathleen Kennedy explained the 72-year-old was ` resting ' after miraculously surviving a March plane crash in Los Angeles . Scroll down for trailer ... Together again : Carrie Fisher , who is reprising her role as Princess Leia , and Mark Hamill , who is Luke Skywalker , were arm in arm on the stage in Anaheim on Thursday before the second trailer for Star Wars : Episode VII - The Force Awakens was rolled out . In recovery mode : Not on hand was Harrison Ford , who is the franchise 's Han Solo . Director JJ Abrams explained the 72-year-old was ` resting ' after miraculously surviving a March plane crash in Los Angeles ; here the actor is seen in July after an accident on the Star Wars set . It was announced early on that Ford would not be a part of the panel -LRB- though later he was the high point of the trailer -RRB- . ` He 's not here today but he 's in everyone 's thought , Harrison Ford , he 's a total bad a *** . ` The amazing thing about Harrison -- and I do n't think anybody out there will be surprised -- is he is the only person who could make an emergency landing on a golf course in front of two doctors , ' producer Kennedy said . The A team : Kathleen Kennedy , pictured center , said , ` The amazing thing about Harrison -- and I do n't think anybody out there will be surprised -- is he is the only person who could make an emergency landing on a golf course in front of two doctors ' ; to her left is director JJ Abrams . They have a bond : Both Hamill and Fisher thanked the fans for their support over the decades . The vet meets the new faces : Fisher smiled as she posed with John Boyega and Daisy Ridley . Kennedy said he was home resting , and getting well as fast as he can . ` I ca n't even begin to tell you how much he wanted to be here , ' she said . ` When we open the movie , Han Solo will be very active in what we are doing . ' Abrams then chimed in . ` He 's doing great and he 's working hard , ' Abrams said . ` I had respect for him all my life , but I 've never had more respect for a guy until I saw how he landed that plane . The way they were : -LRB- from left -RRB- Hamill , Fisher and Ford in the original Star Wars movie in 1977 . ` He 's more of a hero in that move than in all the films he 's been in , ' he added . ` By the time the movie opens he will be very actively involved . ' Abrams also called the veteran actor , who is married to Calista Flockhart , a ` real hero . ' Ford was also injured on the set of the Star Wars film and production was brought to a halt . But he recovered without any long-term issues . Fisher came out on stage in a black blazer and red skirt . Next was Peter Mayhew , who plays Chewbacca . Last was Hamill . The audience went wild for over 10 seconds . ` Chewie , we 're home ' : Ford was featured at the end of the trailer for Star Wars VII . She 's taking care of him : Ford 's wife Calista Flockhart has been seeing to her husband 's needs ; here they are pictured in 2008 . When asked about her iconic hairstyle , Fisher said , ` The buns are tired now so I do n't think we 'll have the futuristic buns but we will have an alternate that will not include the metal bikini . ' She also thanked the fans and made a twisted joke about how she is glad people have played with toys of her - referring to her Princess Leia dolls - which drew laughs . Hamill added , ` George originally called the film the most expensive small film he ever made . ' He then thanked the fans for their ` passion . ' ` My entire adult life I have felt such love from you . You 're more than just fans , you 're family . ' On the run : Daisy and John can be seen running from an explosion in the trailer . R2D2 then appeared on stage and an image from the movie was shared with the robot in it . The ` tinkerers ' were also brought out to talk about working with the droid . Next came BB-8 , a rolling droid that appeared in the first Star Wars VII trailer . It made noises while circling R2D2 . Daisy described her character , ` She is a scavenger and very solitary until she meets another character and that 's when the adventure begins . ' Down for now : An aircraft is buried in sand on a new planet . Oscar added , ` He 's been sent on a mission by a certain princess and he meets John Boyega 's character and their fates are forever intertwined . ' John then said he would not confirm whether he was a Stormtrooper or not . Anthony Daniels also made the event - he plays C3PO . And then came the trailer . No fear : A pilot is seen in battle in the film that has a December release . The clip was the first time the vet character Han Solo , played by Ford , was seen . He was joined by Chewbacca at the end of the trailer and is heard saying , ` Chewie , we 're home . ' The trailer opens on what appears to be the newly revealed desert planet Jaku . As a speeder races across the sands we see an ancient downed Star Destroyer and a skeletal X-Wing , which clearly crashed there from orbit decades ago . We then see an unknown pair of hands holding the mangled mask of Darth Vader , melted and disfigured from the Sith lord 's funeral pyre at the end of Return Of The Jedi . A hint of the old era : A skull of Darth Vader - aka Anakin Skywalker - is shown in the beginning of the clip . We hear Hamill 's voice reprising a line from the 1983 film : The force is strong in my family . My father has it . I have it . My sister has it . He then appears to hand a lightsaber to another unseen character - a strong suggestion Luke Skywalker has had a child . Daisy , Oscar and John are then all introduced in the clip and it is hinted that they are in allegiance . Harrison appears with Chewbacca only at the very end . The menace is always there : Stormtroopers are also seen in the trailer , and they are located in a snowy location . Where is this ? : In the opening scene , a desert planet is shown that is not Tatooine , but rather a new place JJ Abrams said was Jaku - it is not known how that is spelled or what lives there . Star Wars Celebration is a multi-day festival produced by Lucasfilm that 's dedicated to Star Wars past and present . The most recent event , held in Germany in July 2013 , had more than 20,000 attendees . During the panel , JJ talked about his love of the franchise . ` I was 11 years old when Star Wars come out , ' he said . ` That moment transported me . It was the first time a movie made me laugh that way ... . the film was brilliant and had such heart and the biggest thing for me was that it had such hope . ` Shooting in Abu Dhabi was an incredible thing . Shooting Star Wars is a Western and a fairy tale ... shooting in Abu Dhabi was just that , ' he added . The stars in real life : Oscar , Daisy and John side by side at the panel . The star in the film : Oscar as a pilot , Daisy as a scavenger and John , who at one point is a Stormtrooper . They then flashed a scene of the team in the desert . ` It 's a planet called Jaku , people thought it was Tatooine , but it was Jaku . ' He did not explain how Jaku was spelled or where it was . In November the first trailer came out and it lasted only 88 seconds . Opening some 30-years after Return Of The Jedi , the teaser kicked off with British actor Boyega , playing Finn , racing across a desert landscape dressed in full Stormtrooper regalia . A parched , disembodied voice tells us of an ` awakening ' and reminds us of the dual energies that are ` the dark side ... and the light . ' The droids showed up too : Also on stage were the new robot BB-8 -LRB- left -RRB- and the old robot R2D2 -LRB- right -RRB- , which looked a bit banged up . Behind the scenes : Not only was the trailer shared , but so were shots from the making of the movie . British actress Ridley is the next new star to appear as she drives a hover vehicle towards a desert town , while Oscar Isaac is seen as a fighter pilot , looking rather like a young Luke Skywalker when he 's headed for the Death Star . The first trailer also delivered what was initially suggested during the forthcoming film 's development - a clear departure from the over-indulgent use of CGI that blighted parts one , two and three of the science fiction saga . It also confirmed the welcome return of the iconic Millennium Falcon , and it is seen dodging laser blasts in a brief battle sequence . A new lightsaber made its debut , complete with a sword-like hilt , as an ominous cloaked figure marauds through a dark , snow-layered forest setting . The film opens December 18 , 2015 . The man with a plan : JJ Abrams spoke about the exciting project on stage . The veterans : Mark , Carrie and Anthony Daniels waved to the crowd of loyal followers . Dark side : Several Storm Troopers attended the event as they walked in a uniform line while standing in the background at the event . The gang 's all here : Several Star Wars diehards posed for snaps together while dressed in their costumes .