The Conservative know that they need to turn large parts of the country blue on May 7 . And the Camerons seemed to have taken it rather too literally , with both David and Samantha getting stuck in with blue paint while on the campaign trail . While Mr Cameron was messing about with Boris Johnson in Surbiton , his wife was 200 miles away in West Yorkshire giving a lick of paint to a charity project . Scroll down for video . Samantha Cameron picked up a paintbrush to help at The Growing Zone allotment project , a community project for children and adults with special needs . The Prime Minister 's wife was campaigning with Conservative candidate Alec Shelbrooke -LRB- centre -RRB- in the seat of Elmet and Rothwell . Mrs Cameron has made several solo appearances during the election campaign in key seats , today supporting Tory candidate Alec Shelbrooke in Elmet and Rothwell . She visited the Growing Zone , an allotment garden project for adults and children with special needs in Kippax , West Yorkshire . She was introduced to various activities by June Perkin , who founded the scheme seven years ago after getting disillusioned by aimless families and youngsters she watched in a Leeds shopping centre one afternoon . Mrs Cameron was even persuaded to help paint a wooden plant stand , which is being reconditioned and brought back into use by the volunteers and children . Mrs Cameron was introduced to various activities by June Perkin , who founded the scheme seven years ago after getting disillusioned by aimless families and youngsters she watched in a Leeds shopping centre one afternoon . Mrs Cameron said the best thing about campaigning was ` getting out and about - meeting amazing people like June ' ` It 's great to be in Yorkshire , ' Mrs Cameron said . ` The best thing about a campaign is getting out and about - meeting amazing people like June . ` The Growing Zone is an inspiration . It 's been lovely meeting everybody here today and seeing what an amazing job they do changing the lives of so many people with disabilities . ' Mrs Cameron made her first appearance of the campaign in Rochester and Strood , which was won in a by-election by Ukip 's Mark Reckless after he defected from the Tories last year . She joined her husband on a whistlestop tour of the UK , visiting Scotland , Wales , England and Northern Ireland in a single day , and at the weekend the couple visited a Sikh temple in Gravesend . Mrs Perkin said of Mrs Cameron 's visit : ` It was absolutely brill . Using the words the kids here use , it was cool . She had a good look round and she was very , very interested . ` She understood everything we 're doing and what we 're about . And the kids loved it . Do you see their faces ? ' After taking nine minutes to complete a puzzle , Boris Johnson and David Cameron were relieved to try their hand at hand painting , which they found much easier . The pair were at the nursery in Surbiton to promote a Tory pledge to double free childcare for working parents of three and four-year-olds to 30 hours a week . Describing her inspiration for the project , Mrs Perkin said she had been sitting on her allotment one night , sipping a gin and tonic and thinking how great the environment was compared with the shopping centre where she had got so angry earlier in the day . She said : ` I just thought that these people here , on the allotment , have got things right . ` There 's no point moping , I may as well get on with it . So I just grabbed a spade and here we are now . ' She said many of the volunteer helpers are retired people who can do as much or as little as they like on the colourful site . There were 3,000 separate visits by children from a wide area last year , Mrs Perkin said . Meanwhile , at a nursery in Surbiton , Mr Cameron and Mr Johnson were left scratching their heads today as they struggled with a children 's jigsaw teaching toddlers about the seasons . As the London Mayor tried to hammer ill-fitting pieces together with his hands , the Prime Minister tried out what could be a new election slogan , telling him : ` If in doubt , wedge it in . ' After being put right by a four-year-old who spotted their errors , the pair had more fun finger painting with Tory blue paint .