Kevin Pietersen can resurrect his Test career and prove axed England boss Paul Downton was wrong to sack him last year , according to Chris Tremlett . Surrey paceman Tremlett believes England and Wales Cricket Board managing director Downton 's departure on Wednesday night opens the door for controversial batsman Pietersen 's return . South Africa-born Pietersen is gearing up for his first county championship action since June 2013 after agreeing a new deal with Surrey . Chris Tremlett has backed his Surrey team-mate Kevin Pietersen to make an international comeback . Tremlett and Pietersen were all smiles on Surrey 's media day at The Oval ahead of the new season . The 34-year-old is determined to restart his Test career after he was sacked in February 2014 , and Tremlett backed his county team-mate to achieve that feat . ` Maybe that 's the case that those changes open a door , ' said Tremlett of Downton 's ECB exit . ` They were the guys who were in place that I guess made those rulings that he was n't going to come back and play for England . ` People have heard things from Colin Graves the last few weeks that he might have a chance of coming back . ` I guess it 's just wait and see , who knows what 's going to happen in the next few weeks , other positions could change within the England set-up . Pietersen cancelled his Indian Premier League contract in order to play domestic cricket for Surrey . ` But I think Kevin knows he 's got a chance if he goes out there and scores runs . ` I think he feels he was harshly treated by being released from the ECB a year or so ago , so I think he 's got a point to prove and it will be exciting to see what happens . ` I do n't see why he ca n't get back into the England set-up . ` There 's been a couple of changes over the last couple of days with England , and I do n't know what 's going to happen there . ` But I 'm sure if he stacks up a lot of runs then people are going to be pushing for him to get back in the England side . ` It will be interesting to see how it unravels in the next five or six weeks . The 34-year-old takes a snap on his phone during the media day at The Oval on Thursday . ` But from Surrey 's point of view we 're all hoping he gets out there and scores big runs . ' Pietersen was back at The Oval on Thursday for Surrey 's pre-season press day , posing for team photographs . The 104-Test veteran 's England career went up in smoke during the disastrous 2013-14 Ashes series in Australia , with accusations and back-biting of dressing room unrest . Captain Gareth Batty claimed the Surrey dressing room is ` even better ' with Pietersen around , playing down any chances of the returning star causing any backroom imbalance . ` I can only comment on things I 've seen with my own eyes , ' said Batty . Pietersen has not played for England since England 's disastrous Ashes Tour in 2013 . Paul Downton was sacked from his position as managing director of England cricket . ` But if you go up into that changing room now , Kev will be up there taking the mickey out of someone - and someone will be taking the mickey out of him back . ` It 's a very nice place to be . ` I enjoy coming to work every morning . ` Whether Kev 's there or not it 's a nice place to be , if anything with Kev there it 's even better because there 's a bit more banter , a few more of you boys kicking around and there 's a bit more fun to be had at everybody else 's expense . ` So it 's always been a good place when Kevin 's been around . ` I think he 's very motivated , and I think there 's a bit of fuel there that 's motivating him on a daily basis . ` All I see is a young fella , who is desperate to play cricket , and desperate to get back to his absolute best . '