Samsung famously poked fun at Apple when it emerged its iPhone 6 Plus could bend out of shape in people 's pockets . But now the South Korean firm is facing a ` bendgate ' controversy of its own after a video emerged claiming to show a similar flaw on the Galaxy S6 Edge . The company has now responded with its own video , demonstrating a three-point bend test on both its Galaxy S6 models . Scroll down for video . A video has emerged showing Galaxy S6 Edge bending and shattering under 110 lbs -LRB- 50 kg -RRB- of pressure . The video was released by third-party warranty firm SquareTrade , and has since been criticised by Samsung . ` We are confident that all our smartphones are not bendable under daily usage , ' the company said in a statement . The comments and video were posted in response to findings from third-party warranty firm SquareTrade , which publicised that the Galaxy S6 Edge can bend and shatter under 110 lbs -LRB- 50 kg -RRB- of pressure . It also tested the HTC One M9 both deformed and broke at 120 lbs -LRB- 54 kg -RRB- . ` Bendability may be good in the yoga studio , but it is not what you want in a mobile device , ' said Jessica Hoffman , vice president of global communications for SquareTrade . ` Last fall 's Bendgate caught many by surprise , but as manufacturers strive for larger screens on thinner devices , they can be more susceptible to bending or snapping . ` SquareTrade Labs ' tests reveal that while the iPhone 6 Plus bends , the Galaxy S6 edge cracks under pressure . Samsung claims the tests conducted by SquareTrade was unfair as 110 lbs -LRB- 50 kg -RRB- of pressure ` rarely occurs under normal circumstances . ' ` The video assumes a very specific condition - 110lbf -LRB- 50kgf -RRB- , ' the company said . The teardown shows , from the front , the screen , logic board holder , battery , logic board with processor , camera , rear case and antenna . It is a fascinating view of exactly what goes into a modern smartphone - and how Samsung does business . The Chipworks site has posted this amazing image revealing the internals of the firm 's Galaxy S6 , which goes on sale on April 10th . The internals reveal Samsung used more of its own chips to power the new Galaxy S6 smartphone than it did for the predecessor S5 , according to an early teardown report , in a blow to U.S. chip supplier Qualcomm . Samsung is not only using its own Exynos mobile processor , as had been widely reported , but also decided to rely on its in-house semiconductor business to source other parts , including the modem and power management integrated circuit chips , Ottawa-based consultancy Chipworks said . Samsung is counting on its new flagship Galaxy S6 and S6 edge phones to help revive earnings momentum after a disappointing 2014 . Strong sales of system chips such as its Exynos processor could also help boost earnings , analysts and investors say . The Galaxy S6 also comes with Samsung 's Shannon modem chip , U.S. phone carrierAT & T said on its website . ` The normal force that generated when a person presses the back pocket is approximately 66lbf -LRB- 30kgf -RRB- . ` Our internal test results indicate that the Samsung Galaxy S6 and S6 edge are not bendable even under 79lbf -LRB- 32kgf -RRB- , which is equivalent to putting pressure to snap a bundle of five pencils at once . ' Samsung added that the test done by SquareTrade ` does not show the strength of the back side . ' It has now asked SquareTrade to do the test again on both the front and back sides of the device . Apple had to go to similar lengths during its own ` Bendgate ' crisis , by allowing reporters into its labs to showcase iPhone 6 Plus durability tests . Samsung claims the tests conducted by SquareTrade was unfair as 110 lbs -LRB- 50 kg -RRB- of pressure ` rarely occurs under normal circumstances . ' Pictured is the smartphone after the test was conducted . Samsung famously poked fun at Apple last year when it emerged its iPhone 6 Plus could bend out of shape .