Police are hunting for a 26-year-old man after his mother and sister were found dead at two separate addresses in an alleged double murder in Bootle . The body of Sarah Fox , 27 , was found by police on Thursday night , just hours before her 57-year-old mother Bernadette was found dead at sheltered accommodation just half a mile away . Merseyside Police said Mrs Fox died of asphyxiation , while her daughter was repeatedly stabbed . The family of Bernadette -LRB- left -RRB- and Sarah family today said they are ` absolutely devastated ' at their loss . Bernadette and Sarah 's family today said they are ` absolutely devastated ' at their loss . Police are now appealing for the public 's help to track down Peter Fox . They say they want to speak ` urgently ' with him in connection to the deaths . Merseyside Police have issued a photograph of Mr Fox and warned the public not to approach him . Detective Chief Inspector Dave Rooney said : ` We are currently trying to trace Peter Fox , the son of Bernadette , as he could have information which could assist with our investigation . I would appeal to Peter to come forward so that we can speak to him following the murders of his mother and sister . Police are hunting for 26-year-old Peter Fox , the brother and son of the two women who were allegedly murdered this week in Bootle . ` I would also ask the public to help us find Peter as we need to speak to him urgently in relation to the two murders . ` I would stress to the public that if they do see Peter Fox , they should not approach him . We would urge anyone with information about his whereabouts to contact the police on 999 . ' Fox is described as white , between 5ft 2in and 5ft 5in and of slight build with short , dark hair - no longer shaved - and brown eyes . He speaks with a Liverpool accent . Both properties remained sealed off while forensic investigators carry out searches . Detectives are also looking for CCTV footage . Mr Rooney added : ` The investigation into these deaths is at an early stage and , although the motive is unclear at this time , we believe the offender may be known to the victims . ` I would like to reassure residents who live in the Bootle area where these addresses are located that we have increased patrols in the area to provide reassurance and support . ' In a statement issued through police , a spokesman for the Fox family said : ` We are absolutely devastated following the loss of Bernadette and Sarah and are still trying to come to terms with what has happened to them both . ` Bernadette , who was a mother of three and grandmother of three , was a very outgoing and lovely person who would n't harm anyone . In fact she only ever had nice things to say about people . She was so caring and would help anyone . Police launched a double murder inquiry after the bodies of two women were found at separate addresses in Bootle , Merseyside . Pictured , officers outside a property in Worcester Road . Sarah Fox , 27 , was found dead with multiple injuries at around 9 pm on Thursday evening , after police were called to Worcester Road -LRB- pictured -RRB- over concerns for her welfare . ` And Sarah was loved by her family and well-liked by her friends and neighbours . She was a fantastic aunty and was a cheeky , bubbly and outgoing person who loved her dog . They will both be greatly missed . ` We would ask that people appreciate that this is a sad and tragic time for the family and that we are left alone to grieve in peace , whilst we try to understand what has happened . ' The family urged anyone with information about the incident to contact police to help them ` find justice for Bernadette and Sarah ' . Sarah Fox 's body was found around 9 pm on Thursday night after police received a phone call about her welfare . A neighbour had reportedly raised the alarm after seeing a dog loose on the streets . Police stand outside the flat in Worcester Road where a double murder inquiry has been launched yesterday . Another neighbour living close to the flat , who did not want to be named , said : ` I saw one of my neighbours in the street who said he was worried after he noticed the dog from the flat roaming the streets , he had seen it a few times so he knocked on the door but got no answer . ` He called to the house last night and noticed there was a downstairs window open and the back door was ajar . ' It was then that the police were called and officers found Sarah Fox 's body , who they said had suffered ` multiple injuries ' . ` It 's so shocking . I 've spoken to the girl from those flats before two or three times , she seemed a nice girl , ' the neighbour added . Bernadette Fox was found when police arrived at her address through other enquiries . A police van parked up outside Roger Arden Court in Bootle , where Sarah Fox 's mother Bernadette , 57 , was found dead on Friday morning . Detectives and forensic officers are investigating the killings . Police believe the alleged murderer was known to both women . One neighbour near the sheltered housing property , who did wish to be named , said : ` The girl 's name was Sarah - people called her Foxy - and her mum was Bernie . ` Bernie was harmless and Sarah I think had worked at a solicitors nearby , Bernie had a son as well . ` The place where Bernie lived was sheltered accommodation and it had cameras all over the place . ` There 's a camera over the intercom so anyone letting someone in would see them . It 's a hard place to get into . ' Martin Stevenson , Director of Older People 's Services at Your Housing Group , said yesterday : ` Tragically a body was discovered at one of our Roger Arden Court sheltered scheme apartments in Bootle this morning . ` Merseyside Police attended the incident and we are continuing to support them with their investigations . ` Our thoughts are very much with the family and friends of the deceased at this difficult time . ' Patricia Doragh , who lives in a property near the flat , said : ` It is quite a rough area around here especially up the side streets . ` The police are always up and down the main road it 's not a rare thing , it 's a street quite well known for alcohol . ` When I took my grandsons out earlier about 12 o'clock there was nothing here and now all the cordons are up . '