Angelina Jolie has said that the cost of testing for breast cancer genes ` remains an obstacle for many women ' . The actress , who underwent a double mastectomy in 2013 , was referring to a genetic test that currently costs more than $ 3,000 -LRB- £ 2,000 -RRB- . Now a Silicon Valley-based start-up is offering an at-home DNA saliva test that detects the same gene mutations but is priced at only $ 249 -LRB- £ 167 -RRB- . A Silicon Valley-based start-up is offering an at-home DNA saliva test to detect the same gene mutations priced at just $ 249 -LRB- £ 167 -RRB- . It tests for mutations in BRCA1 and BRCA2 . It tests for mutations in BRCA1 and BRCA2 , along with 17 other markers , all of which are linked to an increased risk of breast and ovarian cancer . Women with a mutation in BRCA1 have a lifetime risk of up to 80 percent for developing breast cancer and up to a 50 percent chance of developing ovarian cancer . The company behind the test , Color Genomics , was founded by Elad Gil , a former cancer researcher at MIT and Otman Laraki , a former engineer at Twitter and Google . ` We founded Color because we want to give every person the opportunity to understand their genetic risk of cancer , ' said Dr Gil . Angelina Jolie recently said that the cost of testing for breast cancer genes ` remains an obstacle for many women ' . The actress , who is pictured here with her husband Brad Pitt , was referring to a genetic test that currently costs more than $ 3,000 -LRB- £ 2,000 -RRB- . ` This important information gives people the opportunity to work with their physician to manage their risk and make key life choice . ' To get hold of the test , a physician will need to order it online , with the patient receiving a kit at home . The kit has instructions on how to take a sample of saliva and send it back to a central lab for processing . ` We want to make sure that there is always a physician involved , ' the founders told Quartz . Color Genomics is currently available in 45 states and is hoping to comply with regulations required in New York , Maryland , Rhode Island , Pennsylvania and Florida . However , the test has received mixed responses with some saying it might not be useful , and could even be harmful . ` I worry it will give women information that we really do n't know what it means - and that women will make very difficult choices that turn out to be incorrect , ' Frances Visco of the National Breast Cancer Coalition told NPR . ` If we have more women who believe they are at increased risk , ' Visco says , ` we will have more women removing healthy body parts . ` We really do not have enough information to base this kind of expansion of this kind of testing . ' Color Genomics did not immediately respond to DailyMail.com for comment . Researchers found coffee can stop the growth of tumours in women who have already been treated with the drug tamoxifen . Just two cups of coffee a day could halve the risk of breast cancer returning in women recovering from the disease , a study has found . Researchers found coffee can stop the growth of tumours in women who have already been treated with the drug tamoxifen . Tamoxifen is the main hormonal therapy drug given to women who have not been through the menopause , and is usually taken for five years or longer after treatment for breast cancer . Most breast cancer tumours rely on the hormone oestrogen to grow , and tamoxifen blocks oestrogen from reaching the cancer cells . This means the cancer either grows more slowly or stops growing altogether . As part of the study , Swedish and British researchers looked at data from 1,090 breast cancer patients , in a follow up of a similar study carried out two years ago . They found that more than 500 women who had been treated with tamoxifen , and those that had drunk at least two cups of coffee a day , had only half the risk of their cancer returning than those who drank less coffee , or none at all .