A daughter whose mother died from breast cancer says she wishes she would have let her mother die as oppose to making her undergo more painful chemotherapy . Amber Phillips of Los Angeles expressed her support for the right to die law introduced in California on Tuesday that if passed next year will legalize physician assisted suicide for terminally ill patients . ` The pain and suffering took some of her dignity away when she became so ill that she was not able to work , ' Phillips told Dailymail.com of her mother who died in the summer of 2012 . Regretted her choice : Amber Phillips says she regrets making her mother undergo chemotherapy against her will when her breast cancer progressed to the point that she could not enjoy her life . Deteriorating : Connie Phillips , pictured in her final days , suffered long before her death in July of 2012 . Phillips told Dailymail.com that her mother asked about ending her life via physician assisted suicide on numerous occasions but said that at the time it was not a legal option for her . ` Had she had the choice to end her own life she might have been able to reclaim some of her autonomy and dignity , ' Phillips added . Not only did Phillips die a slow and painful death , but she was unable to spend the final moments with her family because her two sons Owen and Ethan Phillips were on other sides of the country at the time . ` Everything happened so fast , ' said Phillips . ` My brothers were on the other side of the country and both they and my mother would have wanted them to be there as she died . It might not have happened that way , ' she said . Connie Phillips fought her illness for years before expressing her desire to end her suffering . Amber Phillips is not the only family member of a cancer victim who supports the right to die legislation . Back in February Debbie Zieglaer , the mother of terminal brain cancer sufferer Brittany Maynard who ended her own life in November of last year , expressed her support for her child 's choice to die . ` My daughter Brittany Maynard wanted to die in her beautiful four-poster bed . As Brittany 's symptoms and pain from the large , infusive glioma brain tumor increased , she began to talk about how she wanted her death to be , who she wanted in the room with her , where she wanted them to be , what she wanted to hear , ' Ziegler wrote for Dailymail.com . Family bond : Amber Phillips , pictured with her mother when she was a child , said that her mother would have wanted to end her own life to reclaim her dignity and would have wanted all her family members present . Right to die campaigners will use Brittany Maynard as a poster girl for a worldwide push for right to die laws . A video of the 29-year-old explaining why she was making use of legislation allowing death with dignity in Oregon has been watched by more millions of people on YouTube and has encouraged states like California to adopt the law allowing physician assisted suicide . Her mother has spoken out in support of helping terminal patients chose to die peacefully surrounded by loving family members . Like Maynard , Connie Phillips fought her cancer with fervor before asking that she be killed with the help of a physician . Sadly , Phillips was not granted the same opportunity as Maynard who lived in Oregon where her death was her own choice . ` She was a fighter , ' Amber Phillips told KPCC 's Public Insight Network of her mother Connie Phillips . She explained that her mother ` did radiation , hormone therapy and chemotherapy , had her lymph nodes removed , had a breast removed , meditated , and all numbers of treatments . ' Despite the treatments , Phillips said that in 2008 her mother 's cancer spread from her breasts to her bones and her lungs . Phillips said her mother did not want to receive more treatment but that she did it for her family because they could not bear to be without her . ` We nagged her , encouraged her to continue treatment when she did n't want to , bought her wigs when she started losing her hair , managed her diet with cancer-friendly foods , held her hand , and begged her to continue fighting for us , ' Phillips said . Phillips says that in 2011 her mother 's condition grew more grave . She had to quit her job as a teacher in Phoenix , Arizona and moved in with Amber Phillips and her husband in Los Angeles . Phillips says the medication prevented her mother from driving or being independent which was especially hard for her . Fighter : Before requesting physician assisted suicide , which was not an option at the time of her death , Connie Phillips tried to fight her breast cancer with a number of different treatments . ` She was on heavy narcotics so she could n't drive , she was no longer in her own home , she no longer had her job , she was moved away from her friends and she became dependent on us , ' Phillips said . ` This was incredibly difficult for her . ' Phillips says she loved her mother so that 's why she wanted her to live . Looking back she says she wishes she would have tuned in more to her mother 's suffering and allowed her to end her treatment sooner . ` We just wanted her to live and we wanted her to continue fighting , ' Phillips said wistfully . ` We really just did n't get it . We really bought into the possibility or the fairy tale that things were going to get better , when it was so clear that they were getting worse and worse . ' Phillips says she ignored the signs that her mother was going to die , especially after her father died of a heart attack in the Spring of 2012 . ` I just doubled down , ' she says . ` I just felt like I could n't lose both of them . I just thought I was going to fall apart . ` It was a lot of ` me ' focus -- what I could handle . ' Phillips says her mother 's health continued to deteriorate and that at one point her mother lost her voice and started having trouble breathing . ` She lost her voice -- something happened to her voice box , and she could only speak in this very high tone , ' she says . ` She was having trouble breathing . We were just hoping she would get better . ' Phillips said her mother became emaciated because she could n't hold down any food and all of her internal organs started shutting down . Lady liberty : Amber Phillips said her mother Connie deserved the freedom of choice over her life granted in the right to die law that if passed in California will legalize physician assisted suicide . In June of 2012 , Phillips finally came to terms with her mother 's wishes to end treatment and then called hospice care to their home . Phillips did n't allow herself to imagine her mother dying at first and still fought in her mind to keep her alive . She says she stayed optimistic because she and her mother took trips to Target together and would chat which made her think she had more time to live . ` we were still going to Target on the weekends , and taking weekend trips together , ' said Phillips . Phillips gravely remembers July 2012 when her mother began to hallucinate and so she gave her consent to put her mother on the painkiller morphine which was her mother 's wish . ` After the worst day of my life to that point , I gave my consent to put her back on morphine , knowing that she would die and knowing that this is what she wanted , ' she writes . Connie Phillips died in her daughter 's home on August 1 of 2012 year when she was just 65 . Phillips told KPCC that the decision to die was her mother 's and not hers to make and said she wishes she would have allowed her mother to end her suffering sooner . Sadness : Amber expressed sadness as losing her mother to cancer but even more pain in watching her mother decay and become a shell of the woman she once was . But Phillips says she does n't think twice about telling her mother her love for her and her desire to keep her alive . ` I do n't regret nagging her or telling her that I wanted her to be around because I loved her and was not ready to be without her , ' she writes . ` But I regret standing in the way of a decision that was hers to make because I was selfish . ' ` It was her decision , not mine , ' Phillips recalled . ` And I regret that I took that decision away from her . ' Close ties : Amber said her mother Connie died quickly while her brothers Ethan Phillips -LRB- left -RRB- and Owen Phillips -LRB- not pictured -RRB- were on the other side of the country . Phillips says she has been a long time supporter of assisted suicide , even before her mother died . Having to see her mother suffer from her illness has made her even more of a supporter of patient choices . ` If I want my mom to continue treatment because I want her around more , that 's a struggle we should have within our family , ' Phillips said . ` I do n't think I ever would have felt like that 's the government 's call . ' Phillips says she is aware that some groups fear that this law could cause abuse for people with disabilities but said there are measures in the law to prevent that from happening . ` I do empathize with that concern , ' Phillips told KPCC . ` in my experience , ' she says , ` I 've only seen it play out in such a way that people are not given the choice to end their suffering ... There is a way to navigate potential abuses , without robbing people of the choice about their own lives . ' Amber told Dailymail.com that the choice to live or die is a heartbreaking one , but one that belongs to every terminally ill individual . Milestones : Amber , her mother Connie , and her brothers all witnessed many milestones and Amber said had her mother had control over her own death she could have been surrounded by loved ones and family .