Do n't expect to snag a £ 1,000 nosebleed ticket - or any other ticket - at the box office for the fight between Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao . Just two weeks before the bout , tickets for the most anticipated fight in recent times have yet to go on public sale , with the two camps and the MGM Grand locked in a stand-off over allotments . When they are finally put on sale , only a few will be sold at the listed price . The impasse has left fans in the dark , and ticket brokers perplexed . Floyd Mayweather performs at a media workout with his uncle Roger on the pads in Las Vegas . Manny Pacquiao was in good spirits as he showed off his skills for the fans earlier this week . ` It 's bizarre , normally there 's a public sale 10 weeks before the fight , ' said Connor Gregoire , an analyst for Seatgeek.com . ` To our knowledge no one has a printed ticket in their hands right now . ' Mayweather 's promoter , Leonard Ellerbe , said Tuesday that tickets would go on sale this week for the May 2 fight , but MGM officials have been tight-lipped about their availability . The hotel issued a statement Friday saying there would be a ` limited number of tickets available for sale ' and that it is working with promoters to finalize a date for their release . The fight was always going to be a tough ticket , with announced prices of £ 1,000 to £ 5,000 in the 16,500-seat Grand Garden arena . But those prices have already tripled in the resale market even before tickets are available , and the two camps and the MGM have been bickering over how many seats - and at what price level - each party gets . Pacquiao 's manager , Michael Koncz , blamed the Mayweather camp for holding up the ticket sales , saying they have refused to sign a term sheet negotiated months earlier that specified the allotments . ` It 's a real mess right now , ' Koncz said . ` I can only surmise the motivation is greed and an attempt to manipulate the tickets , otherwise why the holdup ? I 'm more than a little upset they 're not for sale to the public . ' Millions of dollars are at stake in the dispute , because after the MGM takes its share each camp gets a certain percentage of tickets and is able to resell them with ticket brokers for higher prices . The estimated gate for the tickets if they are sold at retail prices is already a staggering £ 48million , far surpassing the previous gate record of £ 13.3 million for Mayweather 's 2013 fight with Canelo Alvarez . Pacquiao used Instagram to show his fans a photo of his ripped body as he continues his preparation . Promoter Bob Arum said he has heard of people cancelling their reservations to Las Vegas because they 're afraid they ca n't get tickets . ` This is not acceptable , ' said Arum , who promotes Pacquiao . ` This is a worldwide event that the city of Las Vegas is involved in . It 's one of the craziest things I 've ever seen . ' Gregoire said the fight is one of Seatgeek 's most searched events , but that only a few dozen tickets have been sold through the website . Those tickets are what the ticket industry calls ` spec tickets ' because the sellers do n't actually have them in hand , but expect to get them before the fight . The Filipino fighter is looking to put an end to Mayweather 's current unbeaten record in the ring . The cheapest seat on the site on Friday was £ 3,200 , and Gregoire said the average sale so far is in the £ 5,300 range . ` People are hesitant to buy in the secondary market before there 's been an original sale , ' he said . ` And you 've also got the incredible prices being asked for tickets now . That means a lot of people are not buying tickets at this point . ' At Stubhub there are no tickets for sale , spokeswoman Alison Salcedo said , because the ticket reseller is waiting for actual prices to be set and tickets to be printed . Music artist Liljamez posted the photo of ` Money ' with just over two weeks to go until the bout . ` There 's still so much up in the air for this fight that we 're not allowing spec sales , ' Salcedo said . ` We 're not willing to take that risk now . ' Tickets have also not gone on sale for the closed circuit telecast of the fight at the various MGM properties in Las Vegas . Thousands of those tickets are expected to be sold to fans that ca n't get into the arena itself , but no price has been set for them . Pacquiao shows off his impressive speed - which he will hope will trouble Mayweather . Earning an estimated $ 180million from the bout , Mayweather is confident he wo n't lose his perfect record . Koncz said he talked to Pacquiao on Thursday about making sure he had enough tickets to take care of people in his camp . He said there have been requests from around the world for fight tickets , but that they have been forced to put them off because of the uncertainty over how many tickets are available and their pricing . One thing that is certain , he said , is no one - including the celebrities who generally populate the ringside seats - is getting in for free . ` Nobody 's getting free tickets , ' Koncz said . ` Even Bob -LRB- Arum -RRB- has to pay for his ticket in the first row . ' Mayweather and Pacquiao pose during a press conference ahead of their mega-fight in Las Vegas .