The ` campaign ' continues against Chelsea when it comes to penalties -- although in a first half with four penalty appeals it was clear that referee , Michael Oliver was only going to award what he felt was a stonewall spot kick and there was only one of those . The Blues had a good shout for an early penalty when Oscar was clipped by Bellerin but I agreed with Oliver that the contact was accidental and minimal - a penalty would have been very harsh . Oliver was more decisive when Cesc Fabregas went to ground after feeling contact from Santi Cazorla . The fall was exaggerated and theatrical and that might have influenced Oliver as he cautioned the Spaniard for simulation . Chelsea should have had a penalty when Brazilian forward Oscar nicked the ball past David Ospina . The Arsenal goalkeeper clattered Oscar , who was left with a possible concussion and replaced at half time . Replays proved that to be incorrect as they showed slight contact on Fabregas ' knee - perhaps not enough for a penalty but certainly enough contact to make the caution incorrect . Arsenal had an appeal of their own when the ball span up and caught Gary Cahill on the arm but again I thought Oliver was right as Cahill was very close to the Arsenal player and his arm was not in an unnatural position . There was only one clear penalty for me when Oscar was played clean through on goal and lobbed David Ospina the Arsenal keeper clearly wiped Oscar out and Oliver should have given them a penalty . Oliver may well have been waiting to see if Oscar 's lob went in the goal but once it was cleared he should have gone back , awards the penalty and cautioned Ospina . Oscar had gone down earlier in the half under the slightest of contact from Hector Bellerin . Cesc Fabregas was booked after appearing to kick his leg out to find contact from Santi Cazorla . Replays showed that there was some contact on Fabregas , and therefore the booking for diving was harsh . Santi Cazorla 's shot hit Gary Cahill 's arm , but the Chelsea man was too close to have deliberately handled .