Late-sleeping Lilly Pulitzer fans found out the hard way that if you snooze , you lose - literally - when Target 's complete stock of Lilly Pulitzer merchandise sold out almost immediately early Sunday morning . The 250-piece collaboration - which included clothing , accessories , and homeware from the designer at Target 's lower price point - attracted thousands of enthusiastic shoppers who logged online early and waited in long lines outside Target stores before they opened . Now officially sold out by the retailer , pieces from the diffusion line have popped up on eBay - but those cruising the bidding site should n't expect to see the same original low prices paid by Target customers . Fast fashion gets faster : Lilly Pulitzer 's lower-priced collection for Target sold out almost immediately online and in stores ; customers re-selling this $ 34 maxi dress were netting bids over $ 200 . Pricey prints : Pieces like this Lilly Pulitzer bag , left , and hammock , right were quickly available at major mark-ups online , though more affordable resell prices have popped up since the initial rush . Luckily for more patient shoppers who are looking for a second shot at buying from the preppy line , the outrageously-priced items that first became available on eBay have since been joined by more reasonably-priced pieces . Speedy re-sellers started earning bids for their purchases at up to ten times the retail price , including a $ 150 hammock for $ 799 and a $ 34 maxi dress for $ 202.50 . A $ 30 tote bag was posted with a Buy It Now asking price of $ 300 . However , within 24 hours , many more sold-out items became available on eBay for under $ 100 , including a $ 9.99 makeup bag that sold for $ 19.99 and a $ 15 headband that sold for $ 30 . Bait for the belles : ` The things Southern girls do for @LillyPulitzer #LillyforTarget -LSB- sic -RSB- , ' wrote customer Michelle Christine of the line outside a Richmond , Virginia Target store . Designer demand : Shopper Loren Boyce posted this picture of a cleared-out Target store on Sunday , writing that the racks were empty within five minutes . The thousands of pieces available on eBay are n't just from buyers unhappy with their purchases , however . In fact , many re-sellers bought pieces in bulk with the intention of re-selling them online for a profit - a practice that angered some shoppers , who complained that these scalpers ruin the fun for ` true ' fans of the brand . ` There 's a special place in hell for those who bought items just to resell on eBay , ' one woman wrote on Twitter . Another said : ` The people who bought hoards of #LillyforTarget products just to resell them online are -LRB- literally -RRB- the reason we ca n't have nice things . -LSB- sic -RSB- ' Other customers also complained of problems using Target 's website on Sunday morning ; ` extreme traffic ' caused site crashes and difficulty completing purchases . Hollywood ladies love Lilly : Celebrities including -LRB- L to R -RRB- Camila Alves , Kate Bosworth , Bella Thorne , and Ellie Kemper all wore Lilly Pulitzer for Target dresses to the line 's launch party . But though frustrated fans criticized Target for poor planning and a lack of bulk-buying policies , these are hardly new experiences for customers who have taken advantage of the store 's past designer collaborations . The highly-anticipated diffusion lines are promoted for months in advance with ads , lookbooks and celebrity-packed parties , resulting in hordes of fashionistas adding the on-sale dates to their calendars . In 2011 , Missoni 's collaboration with Target crashed the website as well , and collections from Prabal Gurung , 3.1 Phillip Lim , and Peter Pilotto all saw marked-up resell value on eBay after selling out in stores . While Target wo n't be restocking the limited-edition collection , customers who refuse to shell out more than the retail value still have a shot at scoring Lilly Pulitzer pieces at low prices : Target has instated a 14-day return policy for the line , meaning rejected items will start popping back up in stores within the next two weeks .