After four years orbiting the closest planet to our sun , the Messenger spacecraft will this week make a death-dive into Mercury . But the probe has n't finished its mission yet , with new , detailed views emerging of the planet as Messenger spirals closer to its surface . Now Nasa has released an image taken by the probe 's Visual and Infrared Spectrometer -LRB- Virs -RRB- revealing distinct features such as volcanic vents and fresh craters . Nasa has released an image taken by the probe 's Visual and Infrared Spectrometer -LRB- Virs -RRB- to reveal distinct features such as volcanic vents and fresh craters . To highlight the geological features , the images have been overlain on a black and white mosaic from the Mercury Dual Imaging System -LRB- MDIS -RRB- . To highlight the geological features , the images have been overlain on a black and white mosaic from the Mercury Dual Imaging System -LRB- MDIS -RRB- . This is an instrument with wide - and narrow-angle cameras that has been mapping the rugged landforms on Mercury 's surface . The spacecraft is expected to smash into the planet 's surface at 2.4 miles per second -LRB- 3.9 km/s -RRB- . The event will take place on Thursday 30 April at 3:30 pm Eastern Time -LRB- 7.30 pm GMT -RRB- . However , when it does , Messenger will be behind Mercury , and hidden from Earth . ` The last couple of hours will probably be pretty quiet , ' Mercury mission head Sean Solomon told Nature . ` There will be a final orbit when the spacecraft passes behind the planet and we wo n't hear from it again . ` I have worked on the mission for 19 years . It 's like losing a member of the family . Even pre-knowledge does n't prepare you completely for the loss . ' The Mercury Dual Imaging System -LRB- MDIS -RRB- is an instrument with wide - and narrow-angle cameras that has been mapping the rugged landforms on Mercury 's surface . It was used to helped create these images of Mercury . The spacecraft is expected to smash into the planet 's surface on Thursday 30 April after a four-year mission . Among the features Messenger has revealed to scientists in the past month are patterns of distinctive hollows - each around a couple of hundred metres wide - in the bottom of a huge impact basin . It has also sent back detailed images of huge 1.2 mile -LRB- 2 km -RRB- high cliffs that cut across a crater named Duccio on the surface . Another image shows a 621 miles -LRB- 1,000 km -RRB- long cliff that rises 1.8 miles -LRB- 3 km -RRB- above the surface , called Enterprise Rupes . Researchers have uncovered the mystery of Mercury 's ` stealth ' colour scheme . The say a steady dusting of carbon from passing comets has slowly painted Mercury black over billions of years . It solves the mystery of Mercury 's unusual colouring - which has baffled scientists . On average , Mercury is much darker than its closest airless neighbour , our Moon . Airless bodies are known to be darkened by micrometeorite impacts and bombardment of solar wind , processes that create a thin coating of dark iron nanoparticles on the surface . But spectral data from Mercury suggests its surface contains very little nanophase iron , certainly not enough to account for its dim appearance . As comets approach Mercury 's neighborhood near the sun , they often start to break apart . Cometary dust is composed of as much as 25 percent carbon by weight , so Mercury would be exposed to a steady bombardment of carbon from these crumbling comets . Scientists have calculated that after billions of years of bombardment , Mercury 's surface should be anywhere from three to six percent carbon . Data sent back by Mercury suggests these cliffs , or lobate scarps as they are called , have formed as Mercury has cooled and contracted over time , creating dramatic tectonic faults on the surface . Another image shows a meteorite crater that has almost completely filled with lava on Mercury 's northern volcanic plains , leaving just the hint of a rim behind . It also shows how the contracting surface of the planet has also created strange formations where ridges and cliffs have hit other lava filled craters . Among the images sent back by Messenger as its mission draws to an end is this picture of 1.2 mile-high -LRB- 2 km -RRB- cliffs cutting through the Carnegie crater . They are thought to have formed as Mercury cooled . Distinctive hollows on the floor of the Zeami impact basin on Mercury can be seen in this Messenger image . Andy Calloway , Messenger Mission operatoins manager at Johns Hopkins Applied Physics Laboratory , said : ` The Messenger spacecraft operates in one of the most challenging and demanding space environments in our solar system . ` We have met that challenge directly through innovation and hard work , as exemplified by the stunning discoveries and data return achievements . ` Our only regret is that we have insufficient propellant to operate another 10 years , but we look forward to the incredible science returns planned for the final eight months of the mission . ' Launched in August 2004 , Messenger has traveled more than 4.9 billion miles -LRB- 7.9 billion kilometers -RRB- during its mission to Mercury . Its journey included 15 trips around the sun before it entered orbit around Mercury in 2011 - the first spacecraft to ever do so . During its mission is has acquired more than 250,000 images and collected more than 10 terabytes of data with its suite of seven instruments . It has helped reveal volcanic vents that measure up to 15 miles -LRB- 24 km -RRB- across that were once sources for the large volumes of lava that have covered the surface and carved out valleys . It has also revealed Mercury 's complex internal structure and that the planet has an unusually large core that is still partially liquid . On 6 April engineers used the last of the Messenger spacecraft 's hydrazine fuel to try to push it into a higher orbit . However , the tanks ran dry before they could raise it to more than 11 miles -LRB- 18 km -RRB- above the surface . This image shows some of the mysterious irregularly shaped hollows on Mercury 's surface in greater detail . The above artist 's impression shows Messenger as it orbits above the surface of Mercury . It is due to impact on the surface at the end of April as the planet 's gravity slowly pulls it down out of its current orbit . Messenger has also revealed the temperature of Mercury 's surface . This image of the planet 's north pole shows the extreme heat it is subjected to with red indicating temperatures greater than 126 ° c and blue -220 ° c .