Manchester United duo Marcos Rojo and Angel di Maria celebrated their 3-1 triumph over Aston Villa by flying out to Lisbon on Easter Sunday . United defender Rojo uploaded an image of himself posing alongside fellow Argentina international Di Maria and their families while sitting on a private plane . Rojo , who sat next to his wife and daughter , played the full 90 minutes against Villa while Premier League record signing Di Maria came on for the last 20 . Marcos Rojo -LRB- back right -RRB- poses while travelling to Portugal along with his family and Angel di Maria -LRB- left -RRB- . Both Rojo -LRB- left -RRB- and Di Maria -LRB- right -RRB- appeared in Manchester United 's 3-1 win over Aston Villa on Saturday . The Manchester United and Argentina duo sealed moves to Old Trafford during the summer transfer window . Portugal is a familiar destination for both Rojo and Di Maria as they played for Sporting Lisbon and Benfica respectively before eventually joining United in the summer . Rojo made headlines for the wrong reasons on Saturday evening as the Mail On Sunday exclusively revealed he had an affair with fitness instructor Sarah Watson . She claimed Rojo had offered money to spend the night with him before eventually sleeping with the 25-year-old without knowing he was married with a young daughter . The £ 200,000-a-week Manchester United defender is said to have bombarded her with explicit messages and naked photos . Sarah Watson was determined to clear her name following blackmail allegations . Watson claims she was offered money to spend the night with Rojo -LRB- right -RRB- but declined . Watson claims she was offered £ 35,000 by a newspaper to sell the story about her affair with Rojo . She said on meeting Rojo at United 's Christmas party : ` He came over to me and sat down . His English was quite bad but he was chatty and said nice things to me about how I looked and how he liked my Versace dress . ` He said `` You 're gorgeous , you 're the best looking girl in here . '' It was all very cheesy , but he 's so good looking that I gave him my number . ` He asked me how much it would cost for me to have sex with Marcos . I told him that I was not a prostitute . ' But she did find the Argentine star 's dusky looks attractive and they ended up in a bedroom . ` I did it because I liked him , not for money or with any intention to sell the story on , ' she says . Rojo and Di Maria are not back in action until next Sunday when Manchester United host local rivals Manchester City .