Wayne Rooney wants to put a smile back on the faces of Manchester United fans by claiming victory in Sunday 's derby against City at Old Trafford . Rooney has enjoyed a good record against Manchester City since he joined United in 2004 . The 29-year-old is the leading United scorer in derby history with 11 goals , the most famous of which came in 2011 when he scored an acrobatic late winner in a 2-1 victory for United at Old Trafford . Wayne Rooney knows Manchester United will be playing for ` pride ' against rivals Manchester City . Rooney celebrates scoring during United 's 3-1 Premier League victory against Aston Villa . He has had to get used to being on the losing side in recent years , though . United have lost their last four meetings against their biggest rivals , but Rooney is determined to put an end to that sequence this weekend . ` You play for Man United , you want to win these derby games , ' the United captain told MUTV . ` We want to give United fans something to smile about when they go to work on Monday morning , we want them to be the ones to be able to give out the banter to Manchester City fans at work . Sergio Aguero -LRB- right -RRB- scored the winning goal as City beat United 1-0 last November . United boss Louis van Gaal will be hoping his side can earn a four-point gap over City . ` I think it 's a very important game for Manchester United and Manchester City ... for the fans and , for me , it 's a massive game of pride . ' As well as pride , Rooney knows victory would put United four points clear of City , who dropped to fourth in the table following a 2-1 defeat to Crystal Palace on Monday . Rooney scored a stunning volley in last week 's 3-1 win over Aston Villa and is certain to start against City on Sunday . Louis van Gaal has the option of welcoming back Robin van Persie after he returned to training following an ankle injury . But the United boss is more likely to stick with a front three of Rooney , Juan Mata and Ashley Young , who have served him so well in Van Persie 's absence .