When Scottish student Caitlin McNeill , 21 , posted a photo of a blue and black dress that looked white and gold from some angles , it sparked an internet debate so furious even A-listers could n't resist getting involved . Now another internet dress furore has begun , this time over the colour of Scottish National Party leader Nicola Sturgeon 's dress . The SNP stalwart , 44 , wore the opinion-splitting ensemble , which has variously been described as blue , grey and green , for her appearance on the BBC contenders ' debate last night . Scroll down for video . Was it grey , green or ice blue ? Nicola Sturgeon 's dress divided opinion on Twitter during last night 's debate . Going for grey : A viewer takes to Twitter to insist the dress he saw was grey . Baffling : Another viewer says while he initially thought the dress was grey , he has concluded it was green . But while her policies - and the coalition invitation issued to Labour leader Ed Miliband - made headlines , on Twitter , it was all about the dress . While most plumped for grey , with some noting that she and Mr Miliband appeared intent on co-ordinating their look , others insisted that the colour was green . ` Wait , Nicola Sturgeon 's dress in that debate was green ? ' wrote a viewer named Andy Dowling . ` Looked grey on my telly . ' Another , using the name Suze , complained : ` Her dress was teal . Papers have changed the colour , giving a less flattering skin tone -LRB- making her look harsh -RRB- ' . Sports journalist Patrick Kidd also chipped in , writing : ` Let 's focus on the most important issue from the debate . Nicola Sturgeon 's dress was clearly grey , not blue . ' Grey : Many viewers watching the debate thought Miss Sturgeon 's dress was grey . Different colour : In a photo taken as she left the studio , Miss Sturgeon 's dress appeared to be blue . Going for green : Under the studio lights , Miss Sturgeon 's get-up seemed to be green . Back to grey : In this photo of Miss Sturgeon with the Green 's Natalie Bennett , it once again looks grey . Not everyone was interested in the change in colour , which is likely to have been the result of harsh studio lights producing a different hue to the one seen in natural daylight , however . One irate viewer tweeted that they were concerned that the frock frenzy might overshadow the SNP 's manifesto launch today . Another , named Milly , said the focus on the dress missed the point . ` Are you telling me all people are worried about is Nicola Sturgeon 's dress ? ' she wrote . ` It was a political debate dammit ! ' The furore over Miss Sturgeon 's dress is n't the first time the SNP leader has made headlines for her sartorial nous . Not impressed : One viewer declared her concerns about the debate overshadowing the SNP manifesto . Be serious ! Another said viewers debating the colour of the dress were missing the point of the evening . The original : This was the frock that sparked the original #thedress debate . Slick : Miss Sturgeon has been lauded for her dress sense and is seen here at the Scottish Leaders ' Debate . Stylish : Miss Sturgeon claims to be uninterested in clothes but admits to a passion for Kurt Geiger shoes . Although the SNP leader claims to be uninterested in splashing out on expensive clothes and bags in the past , she has admitted to a weakness for shoes , albeit Kurt Geiger rather than Jimmy Choo . Those were in evidence at the main leader 's debate two weeks ago , when she wore a pair of skyscraper courts by the label with a chic coral two-piece by Glaswegian label , Totty Rocks . Other fashion hits include the glamorous green floral dress and fitted jacket combination she wore to kickstart the SNP 's election campaign and the pillar-box red dress worn to address supporters on the eve of last September 's Scottish referendum .