Manny Pacquiao traded hill runs and graft in the Wild Card Boxing gym for a touch of Hollywood glamour as he appeared on friend Mario Lopez 's Extra programme on Wednesday . The Filipino superstar took a break from preparations for his $ 300million superfight against Floyd Mayweather on May 2 to be interviewed at the show 's base at Universal Studios . Just that morning Pac-Man was doing the hard yards ahead of the bout around his Los Angeles base , wearing trainers , shorts and a woolly hat for a road work session as the sun came up . Manny Pacquiao -LRB- left -RRB- and Mario Lopez smile for the cameras during filming of Extra in Los Angeles . The pair laughed throughout their interview at Universal Studios Hollywood on April 1 . Pacquiao and Lopez , star of the sitcom Saved By The Bell , know each other from training in the same gym . The video of him and his entourage charging up a hill was followed by an image posted of Pacquiao working the bag and reaffirming his commitment to the mammoth task that awaits him in Las Vegas against the Money Man . ` Every day I must focus . In the gym and outside the gym . It 's not easy but I have to focus and work hard everyday ! ' said Pacquiao 's profile . Hours later he was ever the entertainer in dark sunglasses and a leather jacket as he laughed and chatted with his friend Lopez , famed for his work on Saved By The Bell . Pacquiao posted this photo on Twitter with the caption : ` I love my little girls . Thank you Lord for my family ! ' Pacquiao smiles and raises his fists -LRB- left -RRB- and arriving at Universal City ahead of his interview . Pacquiao poses with Lopez and Mario Lopez Sr -LRB- left -RRB- in a black leather jacket and sunglasses in the LA sun . Pacquiao , never shy of belting out a song for his fans , even sang a duet of Lionel Ritchie 's Hello with Lopez on stage as part of his appearance on the show , much to the delight of fans . ` The Champ is here ! @mannypacquiao and I sang a Lionel Richie duet today . Does n't get cooler than that , ' Lopez posted on his Instagram . Lopez , who played AC Slater in the hit high school comedy Saved By The Bell , says he and Pacquiao are friends from their time training at the same gym in Los Angeles . Filipino Pacquiao works out with a road run as the sun comes up before ramping it up with hill sprints . Pacquiao 's Instagram and Twitter profiles show the star is focussed as he prepares for Floyd Mayweather .