The England C team is facing the axe after 36 years as part of Greg Dyke 's spending review at the Football Association . FA chairman Dyke must find £ 30million to fund his masterplan to reform grassroots football with more 3G pitches in urban coaching hubs , and has identified the non-league national team as an area of potential saving . England C , which has operated under different names since it was formed in 1979 , is managed by former Barnet boss Paul Fairclough , who selects from players outside the Football League , aged 23 and under . FA chairman Greg Dyke could axe the England C team to save money to help improve grassroots football . The team normally plays only three or four times a season , but some friendly fixtures have attracted attention inside the organisation because of the elaborate travel involved . England won 6-1 in Bermuda , in June 2013 , and won 1-0 in Jordan , in March last year . Fairclough 's team also compete in the International Challenge Trophy , a competition for European semi-pro national teams , but did not qualify for the semi-finals of this year 's tournament from a home-and-away qualifying group featuring Turkey , Slovakia and Estonia . They were beaten by Cyprus U21s in friendly in Larnaca , in February , but there are no more fixtures planned and , since a meeting last week , fears have increased about the long-term future for a team which has been known since its formation as the National Game XI , England Semi-Pro and England Non-League . Paul Fairclough -LRB- left -RRB- is the current manager of the team and he selects non-league players under 23 . Those capped at this level include George Boyd of Burnley , Craig Mackail-Smith of Brighton and Steve Morison of Leeds , who all went on to play at full international level , although not for England . Boyd and Mackail-Smith won caps for Scotland and Morison for Wales . Former Leicester winger Steve Guppy won one senior England cap after playing once for his country at non-league level . Guppy also won one cap for the U21s and one for England B , which could make him the ultimate one-cap wonder . Barnsley manager Lee Johnson was also capped at non-league level . George Boyd -LRB- right -RRB- played for the England C team before switching allegiances and playing for Scotland .