Thousands of commuters were left stranded at Waterloo station this afternoon after an earlier incident in which a person was struck by a train scuppered the entire day 's services . Frustrated passengers packed the concourse this afternoon as services in and out of the city centre were delayed or cancelled . The chaos ensued after Network Rail was forced to close a section of the tracks between Wimbledon and Surbiton when a person was struck by a train . Scroll down for video . Thousands of commuters were left stranded at Waterloo station during rush hour after a part closure of the track between Surbiton and Wimbledon . South West Trains was forced to cancel trains on all of its services following the incident this afternoon . As British Transport Police investigators surveyed the scene the closure meant several trains and countless staff were stuck at the wrong end of the line . ` Services in and out of Waterloo have been severely affected following an incident in the Surbiton area where a person was struck by a train , ' said a Network Rail spokesman . ` While lines are now open this has resulted in a huge number of trains and staff being out of place with a number of services cancelled or changed . ' The statement added staff were working ` flat out ' to recover the service but delays were to be expected into the night . ` Passengers should check before they travel and consider any alternative routes , ' they added . South West Trains warned there would be cancellations to all routes as a result of the incident . At 9 pm delays of up to 30 minutes were still being experienced on South West trains . The situation was worsened when another train broke down , a spokesman said this evening . ` Where the incident occurred is a very , very busy section of the railway . It services 10 of what we call pathways so it had a knock-on effect . ' Network Rail said staff were working ` flat out ' to catch up after services resumed following the part closure . The section of the track where the incident took place is used by 10 different ` pathways ' leading in and out of the station . There were still delays of up to 30 minutes at around 9 pm on Monday night some five hours after the incident .