A thug who shook a baby girl so violently she was left permanently disabled and died more than a decade later was today jailed for three years for manslaughter . Kealeigh-Anne Woolley was just seven months old when she was left blind , unable to talk and severely brain damaged after being shaken by Colin Heath in January 2000 . She spent most of her life in a wheelchair and could only eat through a tube until her death in 2011 . Violently shaken : Kealeigh-Anne Woolley , pictured above before the incident , was just seven months old when she was left blind , unable to talk and severely brain damaged after being shaken by Colin Heath . Tragic : The child , pictured with her mother Amanda Woolley in 2001 , spent most of her life in a wheelchair . Police arrested Heath , now 43 , last September and yesterday he was jailed for three years and two months at Birmingham Crown Court after he admitted manslaughter . The judge , Mr Justice Sir Charles Haddon-Cave , said : ` It is clear that caring for Kealeigh had a profound effect for those who loved and cared for her , particularly her mother who also suffered . ` Kealeigh 's mother describes movingly a lifetime of pain and anguish Kealeigh suffered in her -LSB- victim impact -RSB- statement . ` Her life was turned upside-down in January 2000 . Her happy and healthy baby was suddenly disabled . ` The fact that Kealeigh lived as long as she did is a testament to the care and love by those around her . ` Her cause of death is directly attributable to the injury suffered in the care of Mr Heath in January 2000 . ' Her whole life ahead of her : Kealeigh-Anne , pictured looking healthy before the incident , was subjected to the violent treatment by her mother 's 28-year-old boyfriend at the time , Colin Heath . Worst nightmare : Kealeigh-Anne 's mother had been out with her sister when the devastating incident took place . When she returned home later that night she found her daughter unresponsive and floppy . In her victim impact statement , Miss Woolley said : ` Keels would have been 16-years old this year . She should be getting excited for her school prom . She should be here for here for her family . ` You -LSB- Heath -RSB- took it all away from her . I thank Keels for giving me 11 years , 11 amazing years . I would do anything to have her back here . ` I can not have her back though as she is gone forever . ' Miss Woolley was 20 when she left her daughter with Heath , who she had been in a relationship with for two months , while she went out with her sister Angela on January 16 , 2000 . When she returned home later that night she found Kealeigh-Anne unresponsive and floppy on the floor of her home in Newcastle-under-Lyme , Staffs . Prosecutor Rachel Brand QC said : ` In January 2000 , he -LSB- Heath -RSB- caused severe brain injuries to Kealeigh-Anne , who had been born on June 22 , 1999 , and therefore was aged seven months at the time . ` Her death on February 6 , 2011 , was a direct but delayed consequence of the injuries she suffered in January 2000 . There is no dispute about any medical evidence . ` When Amanda Woolley came home late that evening , it was obvious to her that the baby was not well . ` She seemed to have one eye closed and had red marks on her forehead . ` Her neighbour , a mother herself , suggested she did not need to go to hospital . ' When Kealeigh-Anne was still pale and floppy the next morning Miss Woolley rushed her to North Staffordshire Hospital where it was discovered that the child had fallen into a coma . Following the incident , she spent months in hospital but was left in a wheelchair , developed epilepsy , cerebral palsy and needed to wear a body cast because her limbs were completely rigid . Damning evidence : Experts compared pictures of Kealeigh-Anne taken on the night Miss Woolley went out and concluded she suffered the injuries while in the care of Heath . Miss Brand added : ` It was clear to the doctors she was in a bad state . She had very severe brain injuries . ` We heard the brain injuries were indicative of non-accidental shaking to which excessive force was used . ` There were excessive bruises on her arms , abdomen and back . ` Doctors were clear that Kealeigh-Anne could not have appeared normal after that severe brain injury was sustained . ` These injuries were life-threatening . ' Experts compared pictures of Kealeigh-Anne taken on the night Miss Woolley went out and concluded she suffered the injuries while in the care of Heath . She spent months in hospital but she was left in a wheelchair , developed epilepsy , cerebral palsy and needed to wear a body cast because her limbs were completely rigid . Heath , then aged 28 , was jailed for 18 months on December 4 , 2000 after admitting child cruelty and causing grievous bodily harm at Stafford Crown Court . But he was re-arrested and charged with manslaughter after Kealeigh-Anne died on February 6 , 2011 - almost exactly 11 years after the brutal shaking . Nursing assistant Miss Woolley , now 35 , also mother to six-year-old daughter Ellie-Rose , found Kealeigh-Anne lying dead in bed at 9.40 pm . Medical experts ruled her death was a direct result of her serious brain injuries sustained in the 2000 attack . Waste of a life : Kealeigh-Anne died in her sleep on Sunday February 6 2011 at the age of 11 . Stuart Muldoon , defending , said : ` This is a tragic case with tragic consequences . ` It was a short-lived shake of the child causing catastrophic injuries and ultimately death . ` Mr Heath had been living quite an active social life . He was a young man . He was 28 years of age at the time of the offence . ` He spent time , as most young men do , going out , frequenting nightclubs and bars . He has isolated himself since . He has been wracked with guilt . ` Nothing that he says and nothing that he does can take us back to that day in January 2000 . ` It was an isolated incident and was not to cause violence or to cause cruelty against a small child . There was no intention to kill or cause serious injury . ` He has placed himself in almost complete isolation . His last relationship of any intimacy was back in 2003 . He struggles to deal with the enormity of his actions . ` He is remorseful and he is sorry . He will still feel disgust and guilt and shame of what he did to Kealeigh and what impact that it had on her mother and the rest of her family . ' Miss Woolley , who attended court yesterday and burst into tears when the sentence was handed down , refused to comment afterwards .