Louis van Gaal celebrated his derby demolition in style on Sunday night as he was snapped with Manchester City women 's players Toni Duggan and Isobel Christiansen in a restaurant . Duggan uploaded a photograph on Instagram of her , Christiansen and Everton 's Michelle Hinnigan at Wing 's Chinese restaurant following United 's 4-2 win against their great rivals City , and wrote : ` Heyyy Louis van G !!!! Nice to share a wings with you ... -LSB- sic -RSB- . ' Duggan later deleted the post . Duggan has since removed the photo from Instagram and issued an apology on Facebook . Her apology read : ` I would like to apologise to all MCFC fans for the error of judgement I made last night . ` I now appreciate the significance of my actions and can assure everyone connected with Manchester City that I am proud to represent the Club and wear the shirt . ' Wing 's is the go-to place for footballers in Manchester , with England and United captain Wayne Rooney among its regulars , but the only City stars in sight were Duggan and Christiansen . Louis van Gaal pictured with Manchester City women 's players Toni Duggan -LRB- left -RRB- and Isobel Christiansen -LRB- far right -RRB- , while they were joined by Everton 's Michelle Hinnigan at Wing 's restaurant . Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal leaves Wing 's restaurant after celebrating the win with friends . Van Gaal was at the go-to restaurant for footballers and celebrities with his wife Truss and friends . The group seemed in high spirits after United 's 4-2 humiliation of their neighbours City at Old Trafford . Van Gaal embraces Mr Wing following the meal at his restaurant as the United manager celebrated in style . Van Gaal gets ready to leave ... and he may not worry too much about being given a ticket after the derby win . Click here to read Ian Ladyman 's report . Goals from Ashley Young , Marouane Fellaini , Juan Mata and Chris Smalling won United the bragging rights , while Sergio Aguero scored twice for the visitors in the eighth and 89th minutes . The red half of Manchester were given reason to celebrate as they moved four points clear of their noisy neighbours in the Barclays Premier League , and Van Gaal decided to let his hair down . Asked how he planned to celebrate at his post-match press conference , Van Gaal said : ` I can go to Mr Wing 's because when you win you can go . ` When you lose then the fans are saying , `` what is Mr Louis van Gaal doing ? Losing and he goes to the best restaurant of Manchester ? '' Now I can go . Maybe I shall go . ' Ander Herrera -LRB- left -RRB- and Juan Mata hit the town to celebrate the win against their great rivals City . Daley Blind is snapped leaving Wing 's restaurant on Sunday evening after celebrating the derby win . Duggan was snapped with a few more United legends last week with Phil and Gary Neville , and Paul Scholes . Apr 18 - Chelsea -LRB- a -RRB- . Apr 26 - Everton -LRB- a -RRB- . May 2 - West Brom -LRB- h -RRB- . May 9 - Crystal Palace -LRB- a -RRB- . May 17 - Arsenal -LRB- h -RRB- . May 24 - Hull City -LRB- a -RRB- . He did just that and was joined by his wife Truus with friends from Holland at the five-star Chinese restaurant in the city centre . Van Gaal described humiliating City as the ` best feeling ' he had since moving to Old Trafford , and added : ` This week they -LSB- the players and supporters -RSB- can go on the streets , heads up and say : `` We are the better team because goal average -LRB- over the two derbies -RRB- is in our favour . '' ' It seems United 's players followed his advice as Ander Herrera , Mata and Daley Blind were spotted painting the town red , too . They wo n't be able to celebrate for too long , however , as United must prepare to visit the Premier League 's runaway leaders Chelsea . Van Gaal goes up against Jose Mourinho at Stamford Bridge this Saturday , and will try to throw a spanner in the works as Chelsea aim to seal the title . Duggan of City -LRB- centre -RRB- tries to fend off two Sunderland markers during a match earlier this month . City 's 23-year-old forward Christiansen pictured playing for the Etihad outfit previously . Wing 's is the go-to place for footballers but the only City stars in sight were Duggan and Christiansen -LRB- above -RRB- . Hinnigan -LRB- left -RRB- of Everton passes the ball during a match between the Merseyside club and Notts County . Wing 's restaurant is located in Manchester city centre . It attracts a certain type of clientele ... with owner Mr Wing never afraid to push for as much publicity as possible . So , who goes there ? The Class of '92 have eaten there , and Wayne Rooney is a regular . The England and United captain celebrated his last two birthdays there , and held a q & a session at the restaurant . Rooney was helping Wing 's gain publicity after starring in an educational video in the build-up to the Chinese New Year on February 19 . Radamel Falcao -- the day he signed for Manchester United -- tweeted a picture with agent Jorge Mendes and his lawyers , Paulo Rendeiro and Carlos Osorio , enjoying a glass of wine , some prawn crackers and a meal at Wing 's . Radamel Falcao celebrated his loan move to Manchester by visiting the restaurant with his posse . Who is the owner ? Wing Shing Chu owns the restaurant . He used to worked in Manchester 's Chinatown before moving to Cheadle Hulme , near Stockport , and opening a Wing 's restaurant there . He was so successful , however , that he left his wife in charge of that establishment and opened his flagship restaurant in the city centre . Wing 's is the go-to place for footballers in Manchester , with Wayne Rooney a regular -LRB- pictured previously -RRB- . Captain Rooney pictured previously at Wing 's restaurant for a Q and A session with United supporters . But I could n't afford it , could I ? You could actually ! There is an extensive a la carte menu , but there are also two set banquet options coming in at £ 30.90 or £ 44.90 per person . Banquet B at £ 44.90 per person offers : . Starter - Steamed scallop in shell with garlic and glass vermicelli . Second course - Baked lobster with ginger and spring onions . Main courses - Crispy chilli shredded fillet steak , steamed sea bass with ginger and spring onions in soya sauce , quick-fried sea treasures -LRB- monkfish fillet , scallops and king prawns -RRB- , stir-fried king prawns and Chinese greens , as well as pak far roasted duck , all served with mixed seafood fried rice . Dessert - Fresh fruit platter . Rooney pictured leaving Wing 's previously after having lunch with his manager and brother-in-law . Wing 's ` kindly request for smart dress at all times -LRB- i.e. no trainers , sandals , shorts , casual sportswear -RRB- ' What about the dress code ? Wing 's management ` kindly request for smart dress at all times -LRB- i.e. no trainers , sandals , shorts , casual sportswear -RRB- ' . So Falcao and Rooney can not be turning up straight from training in their kits , unfortunately . Clare Balding tweeted how she was at Wing 's restaurant with Robin van Persie and the owner previously . Just for fun , how much food could Falcao get on £ 280,000-a-week wages ? Falcao could afford to order 6,236 meals per week and still have £ 3.60 left over ... for his bus fare home if necessary ! Another visitor with Van Persie and Falcao was Patrick Kluivert -LRB- right -RRB- , who tweeted this photograph .