Four out of ten British Muslims partly blame MI5 and the police for radicalising British teenagers who then flee the country to join ISIS . A survey of 1,001 British Muslims found that one in four of this cohort had some sympathy with those who decide to join terror organisations such as ISIS . The figures show that among young and female Muslims , one third have sympathy for the Jihadi runaways despite the deplorable images of ISIS atrocities posted on the internet . Eight per cent agreed they had ` a lot of sympathy ' for the likes of Jihadi John . Scroll down for video . Four out of ten British Muslims partly blame the security services for radicalising young Jihadis . Eight per cent of British Muslims said they had ` a lot of sympathy ' for the likes of Jihadi John , pictured . Six out of ten strongly condemned those , such as Jihadi John , who have joined ISIS . The survey conducted by Survation on behalf of Sky News found that one-third of all Muslims felt they are viewed with suspicion by non-Muslims . It follows a similar poll earlier this year that found more than a quarter of Muslims sympathised with the Charlie Hebdo attackers , who brutally murdered journalists at the satirical magazine 's offices in Paris . Yesterday 's Survation study of 1,001 non-Muslims , 44 per cent agreed they were more suspicious of Muslims than they had been previously . The pollsters asked Muslims and non-Muslims about whether they felt Islam was ` compatible ' with British values and the British way of life . According to the survey , three quarters of Muslims agreed their religion was compatible with the values of British society , with 14 per cent disagreeing . For non-Muslims , less than one quarter viewed Islam as compatible with British values with around half saying the religion was incompatible . One in five followers of Islam believe that British Muslims do not do enough to integrate into society , while 64 per cent believe they do , the pollsters found . Another six per cent felt it was not important for Muslims to fit into British society . Their families : 44 % . Government : 15.1 % . Religious authorities : 8.8 % . Police : 3 % . Schools : 2.2 % . No-one : 4.6 % . Other : 22.1 % . 1,001 Muslims polled by Survation for Sky News . The researchers found that one in seven non-Muslims had sympathy for those who have joined ISIS . The researchers found that almost 40 per cent of Muslims agreed that the security services were partly responsible for radicalising young Jihadis , compared with 16 per cent of non-Muslims . Meanwhile more than half of the Muslims surveyed said it was their responsibility to condemn terrorist attacks by Muslims in the name of Islam , while a third said it was not . When it comes to stopping young Muslims joining terrorist groups , 44 per cent felt it was the responsibility of their families to set them straight . More than 15 per cent said it was the government 's responsibility , followed by religious authorities -LRB- nine per cent -RRB- , the police -LRB- three per cent -RRB- and schools -LRB- two per cent -RRB- . The father of one of the three east London schoolgirls who fled to Syria to become ` jihadi brides ' blamed the police for failing to keep track of them . Abase Hussen -LRB- circled -RRB- blamed the police and schools for allowing his daughter to travel to Syria to join ISIS , only for footage to emerge of him at an extremist rally in central London . More than a quarter of Muslims polled in a previous survey said they had sympathy for the Charlie Hebdo attackers . Abase Hussen gave evidence to Parliament refusing to accept any responsibility for the three schoolgirls ' actions , instead seeking to blame the police , teachers , Turkish officials and others . Metropolitan Police Commissioner Bernard Hogan-Howe issued a grovelling apology to the family , only for footage to emerge showing Mr Hussen at an extremist rally in central London . He could be seen standing just feet from one of Lee Rigby 's killers while yelling : ` Burn , burn USA . ' The survey comes two months after a separate poll found that more than quarter of Muslims said they had sympathy for Charlie Hebdo attackers Said and Cherif Kouachi , who killed 12 on their rampage around Paris . That poll , commissioned by the BBC , also found that 32 per cent of Muslims were ` not surprised ' that the massacre took place . And more than 10 per cent of the 1,000 British Muslims interviewed agreed that the magazine ` deserved ' to be attacked . The Muslim Council of Britain told the Daily Telegraph : ` For many , current counter-terrorism measures , particularly related to the Prevent strategy , actually lead to greater alienation as Muslims are seen through the lens of security , rather than tackling the scourge of terrorism itself . ' The Council said it was pleased that the survey ` once again confirms that Muslims feel British and have a strong affinity with our shared universal values ' .