The City of Brotherly Love may also be the city of second -LRB- and third -RRB- chances , as the Philadelphia Eagles officially signed quarterback Tim Tebow to a one-year contract on Monday . Tebow , 27 , has n't played a snap in the NFL in over two years since being cut by the New England Patriots before the 2013 season . The team announced the contract Monday but did not disclose the financial terms of the deal the club reached with the 2007 Heisman Trophy winner . Scroll down for video . The Philadelphia Eagles officially signed 27-year-old quarterback Tim Tebow to a one-year deal on Monday . Tebow has n't played a snap in the NFL since being cut by the New England Patriots before the 2013 season . Originally a first-round draft choice of the Denver Broncos in 2010 , the 6-3 , 236-pound Tebow worked out with the Eagles last month and must have impressed Philadelphia head coach Chip Kelly . Philadelphia missed out on the playoffs despite compiling a 10-6 record and Kelly has made a number of surprising roster moves this offseason . The Eagles already have four other quarterbacks on their roster : Sam Bradford , Mark Sanchez , Matt Barkley and G.J. Kinne . Bradford and Tebow faced each other in the 2009 BCS National Championship Game . Tebow 's Florida Gators defeated Bradford and the No. 1 ranked Oklahoma Sooners 21-14 . Eagles wide receiver Riley Cooper went to Florida and was Tebow 's roommate in college . Former Patriot and convicted murderer Aaron Hernandez was also Tebow 's college teammate . Fans can already purchase a Nike Tim Tebow midnight green Philadelphia Eagles game jersey for $ 99.95 . He will wear No. 11 with the team . News of the deal leaked Sunday , the same day Tebow tweeted : ` Be kind to one another , tender hearted , forgiving each other , just as God in Christ also has forgiven you . Ephesians 4:32 . ' Tebow has thrown 173 completions , 17 touchdowns and nine interceptions in 35 games in the NFL . Tebow has n't played in a regular season game since 2012 when he was with the New York Jets . He worked as a television analyst last year with the SEC Network and ESPN . Before signing his deal , Tebow was working out with noted throwing coach Tom House , according to the Eagles . His accuracy and skill as a NFL-caliber passer has been questioned since he was drafted . Tebow is still highly popular after leading Florida to two national titles and spending two seasons with Denver . He helped the Broncos win an AFC West title and won a playoff game before being dealt to the Jets after the 2011 season when Peyton Manning arrived in Denver . Many fans follow Tebow because of his strong Christian beliefs . A native of Jacksonville , Florida , Tebow has served as the chairman for the Tim Tebow Foundation since its inception in 2010 .