A week in the Bahamas , lapping up the sun and the odd glass of champagne , gazing across the yachts bobbing in the marina . It sounds idyllic , but perhaps is not the way you might imagine Ian Poulter prepares to win the Masters . But Poulter promises this break , just weeks before the first major of the year , means he will be fit and fresh for his latest assault on Augusta National . The downtime ensured plenty of opportunity to dream about feeling that green jacket draped over his shoulders , and what meal he would choose for the champion 's dinner the following year . Not that he needs to think too hard about that last bit . ` I hate tempting fate , ' he says while reclining on a lounger in his luxury holiday apartment in New Providence . ` But I know exactly what my jacket measurements are and I know exactly what -LSB- dinner -RSB- I would choose . But I 'm not telling you ! ' Ian Poulter lines up his putt for birdie on the 18th hole during the first round of the Arnold Palmer Invitational . These are certainly not the words of a man who feels he is taking things too easy in the build-up to the most eagerly-anticipated week of the golfing year . ` I 've tried every type of formula , ' he says . ` I 've had two weeks off before ; I 've played -LSB- tournaments -RSB- during the run-in ; I 've tried going to Augusta several days before Masters week to get some extra prep in . I 've tried everything but nothing 's worked . ' So this year Poulter , who has two top 10 finish at the Masters in his 10 attempts , has simply said to hell with it , let 's have some fun . Family comes first , practice comes second . Sharing his holiday with the world on Twitter comes third , of course . Poulter celebrates during the fourball match on the second day of the Ryder Cup golf tournament . By now , however , the serious work has begun . Some of his time in the Bahamas was spent on the range , before the workload was ramped up last week . The Ryder Cup defines Poulter , gets his juices flowing , his eyes and veins popping like nothing else . But he lives for the annual trip down Magnolia Lane . ` The electricity , the tension , the buzz ' of Masters week give him goosebumps . He admits to a ` love affair ' with the place and its storied history . Only the Open Championship can compete with the Masters for his affections and ambitions . But at the age of 39 , and with Rory McIlroy leading a new breed of power hitters ready to clean up the majors , Poulter knows he will not get too many more chances of claiming either prize . Poulter plays into the 13th green during the final round of the 2014 Turkish Airlines Open . So , if push came to shove , would he take a green jacket over a claret jug ? ` That 's a very unfair question , ' he says . ` I would n't take it . Because I think I 'll win a claret jug , and I think I 'll win a green jacket . And I 'm quite happy to put my neck on the line . ' In a flash , there is the mentality that has vanquished many an American dream . Despite Poulter 's Ryder Cup heroics , he has still never won a strokeplay event on US soil . He came close to victory in the Honda Classic last month but a final-round collapse featuring five balls in the water extended that duck . Yet the lion-hearted Englishman believes he will still claim the game 's two biggest prizes . Poulter admits the prospect of retiring without a major victory would leave him unfulfilled . But he has already written his rags-to-riches story , from assistant club professional in Hertfordshire to super-rich superstar in Florida . He knows he will be able to reflect one day on an extraordinary career . English golfer Poulter admits retiring without a major victory would leave him unfulfilled . ` Yeah I 'd feel incomplete -LSB- without a major -RSB- but I 'd feel very content living the rest of my life knowing that I gave it a good go . It would n't stop me sleeping at night , I can certainly say that much . I want to win , I 'm passionate about winning , that 's what keeps me going . But if it does n't happen , it does n't happen . I 'm working very hard and if guys beat me fair and square then that 's fine . ' Two top-10 finishes at Augusta in the last five years suggests there will not be too many who can be confident of beating Poulter next week . He admits , however , that the ` truly remarkable ' McIlroy could be one of them . Going for the career grand slam at the age of 25 is simply ` incredible ' , but even if this is not the week that feat is achieved , Poulter insists the Northern Irishman is already the equal of Gene Sarazen , Ben Hogan , Jack Nicklaus , Gary Player and Tiger Woods . Poulter smiles during practice ahead of the 2014 Ryder Cup on the PGA Centenary course at Gleneagles . ` We knew years ago when he burst on to the scene this kid was going to be good , ' he says . ` We did n't know how good . It happens every decade or couple of decades that someone comes along , gets inspired , works incredibly hard , is very dedicated , and proves that anything is possible . ` Rory is one of those kids who has the natural talent , work ethic and is impressive to watch . When he 's on form he 's as good as anybody has ever been . ' But for all the effusive praise , Poulter rates Bubba Watson as the man to beat this year , not McIlroy . Rory McIlroy hits his tee shot on the third hole during the first round of the Arnold Palmer Invitational . The defending champion will be chasing his third Masters win in four years and Poulter reckons the huge-hitting left-hander 's game is so well suited to Augusta , even the world No 1 might not be able to match him . Six left-handed winners in the last 12 years -- Mike Weir , Phil Mickelson -LRB- three times -RRB- and Watson -LRB- twice -RRB- -- is clearly playing on Poulter 's mind . He would not be alone among the players in wondering how they can compete on what Poulter admits is a ` bomber 's course ' . Still , is Bubba really the man to beat , rather than Rory ? ` For sure . Absolutely . He hits it long , he hits a nice cut off every tee . When you hit it 340 yards with a slight cut , I 'd like to play that golf course . Yeah , I think he 's the favourite . ' So how can Poulter compete with Watson , McIlroy and the other monster hitters ? ` That course lends itself to a cut , or if you 're a right-hander a draw . We all know that before we get there . It 's a case of practising certain shots . There are some key holes round there which a draw will favour , or a cut of you 're a left-hander . We all know it , we just have to work on it . ` I have to stick to my game plan . I ca n't hit it 340 , I 'll try to get it out there at 300 and provided my short game and wedge game is very , very good and my putting is good then I 'll definitely have a chance come Sunday . ' If that plan comes to fruition , there 's a fair chance Poulter might spend more than just one week living it up in the Bahamas . He 'd richly deserve it , too . And he would n't even have to spend time worrying about what he 'd choose for the champions dinner in 2016 . Ian Poulter is Captain of the Ballantine 's Golf Club , the first online , global golf club of its kind . Join for free at ballantinesgolfclub.com for exclusive content and rewards .