Chelsea are set to follow Tottenham 's lead and take part in a post-season friendly Down Under in June . Jose Mourinho 's side could face Sydney at the ANZ Stadium on June 2 - days after Spurs ' fixture against the same side . The Blues are holding ongoing talks with Sydney bosses and , should they agree terms , are expected to fly out on the Wednesday after the Premier League season ends . Chelsea are set to follow Tottenham 's lead and take part in a post-season friendly Down Under in June . Manager Jose Mourinho has been discussing post-season plans with the Chelsea board . The concept of fulfilling commercial obligations straight after a Premier League campaign is appealing to clubs , giving them room to manoeuvre during pre-season . Chelsea are expected to arrive in Australia as top-flight champions and the 83,000-seater arena would almost certainly sell out . The plan for a post-season tour has been discussed for a while , with Mourinho saying earlier this month : ` If we win the title , I think we 'll go on an after-season tour , play a couple of matches in some destination where people will be very enthusiastic to have the Premier League champions . ` It 's something we are thinking about , a good way to celebrate . Not a victory parade but a trip , a week where we play a couple of matches but , at the same time , can be together without the pressure of winning every match , without the pressure and tension of the last weeks of the Premier League . Harry Kane 's whereabouts in June is undecided , although it appears he will play for England Under 21s . May 27 : Chelsea expected to fly out to Australia . May 28 : Sydney FC vs Tottenham . June 2 : Sydney FC vs Chelsea -LRB- TBC -RRB- . June 7 : Republic of Ireland vs England . June 11 : Copa America begins . ` We can also relax and go to holidays with that good feeling . But we still have nine matches to play . -LSB- The chairman -RSB- Bruce Buck and the board are talking with me about destinations . We want to go somewhere where people are enthusiastic to have a club like Chelsea . ' Tottenham play on May 28 and a week before England 's friendly away in Ireland , meaning international stars could forgo the trips . The whereabouts of Harry Kane remains up in the air that week after the very public indications he will be selected by England Under 21 boss Gareth Southgate for the European Championships in Czech Republic . The timing does raise questions as to whether or not Chelsea 's South American contingent will join them , with the Copa America due to start on June 11 . Filipe Luis , Ramires , Oscar and Willian are all expected to be selected by Dunga 's Brazil , with Colombia to pick Juan Cuadrado . Chelsea are set for a hectic summer schedule . They are also expected to travel to the USA for two weeks in mid-July as part of the International Champions Cup and be back at Wembley in time for the FA Community Shield on August 1 , should they win the Premier League . Mourinho said on Friday : ` The players that go to a tournament like Copa America have a certain number of days to go . Friendlies have a certain number of hours to go . ` Players who play qualifiers for the Euros , they have another number of hours . We are going to respect that as we did all season . No problems , for sure . When our players have to be here , they will be . That 's for sure . ' Chelsea will face Sydney FC at the ANZ Stadium days after Tottenham play the same opposition . Manchester United had looked primed to join the growing list of clubs participating in post-season jaunts , but instead announced they are to play in America in July . Manager Louis van Gaal expressed his disappointment at last year 's gruelling schedule before that deal was ratified . Liverpool and Manchester City will play in Australia in July ahead of the 2015/16 campaign .