A 116-year-old Arkansas woman passed away on Monday just six days after she was announced as the oldest living person in the world . Last week Gertrude Weaver , who was already the oldest person in America , asked President Barack Obama to attend her birthday party on the Fourth of July . The Silver Oaks Health and Rehabilitation Center in Camden , where Weaver was a resident , confirmed her death and said they were ` devastated by her loss ' . Scroll down for video . Gertrude Weaver , the world 's oldest person , died at 116 on Monday in Camden , Arkansas . Weaver passed away from complications due to pneumonia , according to KATV . Kathy Langley , the center 's administrator , said Weaver was enjoying the spotlight she received in the last week of her life , she told Reuters . The staff read Weaver the many news articles written about her after she became the oldest person in the world . Weaver inherited the title last Wednesday , after the death of 117-year-old Misao Okawa in Japan , according to the Los Angeles-based Gerontology Research Group . She attributed her long life to treating others well and eating her own cooking . ` I treat everyone the way I want to be treated , ' she told reporters . Weaver , who received a letter from Obama on her 116th birthday , said she wanted to meet the president at her birthday party because she voted for him twice . Weaver attributed her long life to treating others well and eating her own cooking . While living at Silver Oaks , Weaver exercised in her wheelchair three times a week and ate three meals a day at the facility 's dining room . Weaver was born on July 4 , 1898 in Arkansas . She was the daughter of sharecroppers and worked as a domestic helper . After retiring , she lived with her granddaughter . Weaver moved to Silver Oaks in 2009 when her granddaughter had health problems , according to Langley , who called her an ` absolutely amazing lady ' . Weaver became the world 's oldest person on Wednesday following the death of Misao Okawa in Japan -LRB- left -RRB- who died at the age of 117 . American Jeralean Talley , 115 , -LRB- right -RRB- is now the world 's oldest person . Weaver 's 93-year-old son visited her on a regular basis . Jeralean Talley , of Detroit , is now the world 's oldest person , according to the Gerontology Research Group . Talley was born on May 23 , 1899 and will turn 116 next month . She bowled until she was 104 years old and never smoked or drank alcohol . The only surgery Talley said she ever had was to get her tonsils removed , according to Reuters . Talley credits her long life to her faith . She lives with her daughter , Thelma Holloway .