The U.S. Army Sergeant who left his post in Afghanistan and was held by the Taliban for five years was found to have be ` going over to the other side with a deliberate plan , ' according to a former military intelligence officer . Lt. Col. Anthony Shaffer said on Fox News ' The O'Reilly Factor on Monday night that Bowe Bergdahl ` had Afghan contacts and he was actually trying to offer himself up with the Taliban . ' The former military intelligence officer said he had been told the information by two senior sources who knew about a 2009 Naval Criminal Investigative Service investigation into Bergdahl 's activities . Scroll down for video . Bowe Bergdahl , the U.S. Army Sergeant who left his post in Afghanistan and was held by the Taliban for five years was found to have be ` going over to the other side with a deliberate plan , ' according to a former military intelligence officer . The investigation reportedly included a forensic review of Bergdahl 's computer which showed his apparent intent to travel to Uzbekistan . ` He had made contact with local Afghans and wanted to be moved to Uzbekistan and then made contact with the Russians because he wanted to talk to Russian organized crime , ' Shaffer told O'Reilly . ` Clearly he was not all there relating to what he was doing . I think we 're going to see more and more , as this report is made public that there were a number of disconcerting things within Bergdahl . ' Lt. Col. Anthony Shaffer -LRB- pictured -RRB- said on Fox News ' ` The O'Reilly Factor ' on Monday night that Bowe Bergdahl ` had Afghan contacts and he was actually trying to offer himself up with the Taliban . Both are very severe ' He said the NCIS investigaiton , which included interviews with squad mates , indicated that Bergdahl made contact with an Afghan in an attempt to prepare for his departure . Bowe Bergdahl will face charges under articles 85 and 99 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice . ` Desertion with Intent to Shirk Important or Hazardous Duty ' : . Article 85 charges a soldier with desertion if he ` quits his unit , organization , or place of duty with intent to avoid hazardous duty or to shirk important service . ' It can carry a death sentence but the military wo n't seek that option in the Bergdahl case . MAXIMUM SENTENCE : 5 years in a military prison plus reduction in rank , dishonorable discharge and forfeiture of pay . ` Misbehavior Before the Enemy by Endangering the Safety of a Command , Unit or Place ' : . Article 99 charges a servicemember with running away from a fighting enemy , throwing down his weapons , abandoning his platoon or other fighting unit , or otherwise purposely failing ` to do his utmost to encounter , engage , capture , or destroy any enemy troops , combatants , vessels , aircraft , or any other thing , which it is his duty so to encounter , engage , capture , or destroy . ' MAXIMUM SENTENCE : life in a military prison plus reduction in rank , dishonorable discharge and forfeiture of pay . Army officials announced Thursday that his Article 32 hearing will be held July 8 at Fort Sam Houston , Texas - he is charged with desertion and misbehavior before the enemy . That proceeding is similar to a civilian grand jury . From there , it could be referred to a court-martial and go to trial . His attorney says Bergdahl was trying to find a U.S. general officer to report a disturbing situation when he left his combat outpost . Eugene Fidell , the attorney leading Bergdahl 's defense , said in a letter released this week that the Army major general who investigated Bergdahl 's capture in Afghanistan found he did not intend to remain away from his base permanently . Bergdahl disappeared in June , 2009 from a combat post in Paktika Province in eastern Afghanistan and was captured by the Taliban . He spent five years as a prisoner of war before he was freed last summer in a prisoner swap that angered members of congress members and some members of his unit . After an investigation of the circumstances of his capture , Bergdahl was charged this week with desertion and misbehavior before the enemy , counts that could lead to life in prison . Documents released by his defense lawyers suggested the tack they may take in defending Bergdahl . The papers also included a statement from Bergdahl about his attempts to escape from his Taliban captors and his beatings while a prisoner . In a March 2 letter to Army General Mark Milley , who was responsible for deciding how to proceed with the case , Fidell said an investigation by an Army major general had concluded that Bergdahl did not plan to desert . ` While hedging its bets , the report basically concludes that Sergeant Bergdahl did not intend to remain away from the Army permanently , as classic ` long ' desertion requires , ' Fidell wrote . ` It also concludes that his specific intent was to bring what he thought were disturbing circumstances to the attention of the nearest general office , ' he added . Bowe Bergdahl , shown before his handover to US troops in May 2014 . Fidell declined to elaborate further on Friday . Bergdahl was released in exchange for five Taliban leaders held at Guantanamo Bay . They were sent to Qatar and had to remain there for a year . Some U.S. lawmakers were angered by Bergdahl 's release because they were not given 30 days notice before the transfer of the Guantanamo prisoners , as required by law . Some fellow soldiers also said he had deserted . ` While many Americans have taken a broader and more sympathetic view , the depth and breadth of the current hostility to Sergeant Bergdahl are extraordinary and have enveloped the case with a lynch mob atmosphere , ' Fidell said . ` Taliban five ' : The terror leaders traded for Bergdahl were -LRB- top , from left -RRB- : Abdul Haq Wasiq , Khirullah Said Wali Khairkhwa , Mohammad Nabi Omari ; and -LRB- bottom from left -RRB- : Mohammad A Fazl , Mullah Norullah Noori . He faces up to life in prison if convicted of misbehavior before the enemy . A former platoon-mate of Bergdahl told Daily Mail Online that Bergdahl is trying to win a public-relations battle with new claims about his defense strategy . CNN reported based on a Pentagon leak , that Bergdahl told Army investigators he left his forward operating base in 2009 so he could report ` a breakdown in discipline and order ' to military higher-ups -- not with desertion in mind . ` This is clearly just a stunt to build sympathy before they go to trial , ' said retired Sgt. Jordan Vaughn , who spoke for the first time since the Army announced Bergdahl would be court-martialed . ` No logical person would ever take the actions he undertook for the reasons he is now saying , ' Vaughn told Daily Mail Online . He said the claim broadcast by CNN is ` ridiculous , ' and that the Army 's decision to charge Bergdahl with desertion is ` in direct conflict ' with any claim that he intended to be a whistle-blower . CNN reported that a Defense Department official said Bergdahl had ` concerns about leadership issues at his base . ` He needs to be held responsible for what he did , for abandoning his post , for abandoning his platoon , for putting thousands of American soldiers , Marines and the whole United States military , thousands of members , in more danger , putting us into spots we would n't already have been in , had he not walked away , ' he said . President Barack Obama announced the return of Bergdahl on May 31 , 2014 in a White House Rose Garden press event as the soldier 's parents Jani -LRB- left -RRB- and Bob -LRB- right -RRB- looked on . Vaughn also noted that his decision ` cost the US multiple soldiers ' lives , five Taliban POWs , and the incredible monetary expense of searching for him . ' However , both Cornelison and Buetow , who have left the US Army , stopped short of demanding that Sgt Bergdahl face prison . ` I do n't want to ruin his life , ' said Buetow . ` He does need to be dishonorably discharged , have all his ranks taken away , and he does not need to receive any benefits or back pay . ' He added that he was proud the military had reached its decision despite the fact it would heap further pressure on the Obama administration for negotiating with the Taliban over a man accused of deserting . ` You ca n't get around the fact this makes some people look bad , ' he said . But they had little sympathy for Sgt Bergdahl 's account of being beaten and tortured during his time in Taliban captivity . ` He would n't have been put in that position , he would n't have been tortured , he would n't have been put through all that hardship if he 'd never walked away , ' said Cornelison . The punishments suggested by the veterans are within the range open to the court . It can reduce him to E-1 , forfeit his pay and give him a dishonorable discharge .