In one of the classic games of their long and illustrious rivalry , the first meeting of the season between the Boston Red Sox and New York Yankees lasted nearly seven hours - becoming the longest game in team history for both . Boston took a 6-5 lead in the 19th inning on Saturday morning on a sacrifice fly by Mookie Betts . Xander Bogaerts scored after reaching on his fourth hit of extra innings . Chase Headley and Mark Teixeira hit tying home runs for the Yankees in a game interrupted by a power outage for 16 minutes in the 12th . Fans used their cell phones to point at the field to help with the lack of light . Scroll down for video . Boston Red Sox third baseman Pablo Sandoval -LRB- 48 -RRB- and Boston Red Sox first baseman Mike Napoli -LRB- 12 -RRB- celebrate after defeating the New York Yankees 6 - 5 in 19 innings at Yankee Stadium . New York Yankees ' Chase Headley reacts after hitting a home run during the ninth inning of a baseball game against the Boston Red Sox on Friday which became the longest game in history for both after an outage . Fans hold up their cell phones after a bank of lights went out in the 12 inning during the game causing a 16-minute delay . David Ortiz hit a solo homer for Boston to break a three-all deadlock in the 16th inning . But then Teixeira , who turned 35 on Saturday , batting from the right side against right-handed knuckleballer Steven Wright , led off the bottom half with a no-doubt drive to left field . Pablo Sandoval put the Red Sox back in front with an RBI single in the 18th only to see Brian McCann and Carlos Beltran hit doubles in the bottom half to tie it again at five . The longest game in the history for both teams and the new Yankee Stadium , which opened in 2009 , pushed past 2 am on the East Coast . Alex Rodriguez -LRB- 13 -RRB- reacts after he struck out in the first inning against the Boston Red Sox . The game pushed past 2 am on Saturday on the East Coast . Dustin Pedroia -LRB- 15 -RRB- of the Boston Red Sox is congratulated by teammates in the dugout after he scored in the first inning against theYankees . The game between the Yankees and Red Sox lasted nearly seven hours -LRB- Yankees pitcher Nathan Eovaldi during the game -RRB- . The teams get little chance to rest , too as they are back at it for the middle game of the series Saturday at 1.05 pm . Each club went to its final reliever in the 15th during the longest game for the Yankees by innings since a 19-inning victory over Minnesota in August 1976 . The longest game between the teams was a 20-inning win by Boston in the second game of a 1967 doubleheader . Headley 's solo shot off fill-in closer Edward Mujica came with two outs in the bottom of the ninth . Neither team could break through again until Ortiz launched an 0-2 pitch from Esmil Rogers to right-center . It was the slugger 's first home run of the year and his 50th against the Yankees , including playoff games . Rogers threw 35 pitches the previous night , too . Didi Gregorius had a chance to win it for New York in the 16th and 18th , but grounded out with a runner at third to end both innings .