A second Utah student has filed a lawsuit against the Davis County School District for hiring an English teacher who then allegedly went on to have sex with him and two other boys . Disgraced Davis High School educator Brianne Altice , 35 , was ordered last month to stand trial on 14 felony charges , including rape , sodomy , sexual abuse and sex with a minor , in connection to her suspected affairs with three students . In mid-March , one of the alleged victims brought a $ 647,000 lawsuit against the Utah school district accusing officials of negligence for failing to fire the ` flirtatious ' teacher before she started a sexual relationship with him . More legal trouble : Two students have now filed lawsuits against the Davis County School District in Utah accusing officials of failing to fire English teacher Brianne Altice , pictured in court in January , who is accused of having six with three boys . The latest lawsuit , filed last week , describes how Altice began flirting with the student , then 16 , and other boys in her class , reported The Salt Lake Tribune . Court documents detail how at times , the students skipped other classes and spent entire days with Altice , sent her text messages and made explicit comments to her . On her part , the 35-year-old Altice confided in her teenage admirers about her martial problems . According to the complaint , the relationship between the woman and the boys in her class eventually turned physical . Court documents state that Altice 's dalliances were an open secret at Davis High , where the running joke among students was : ` Who is Ms Altice sleeping with now ? ' Similarly to the first lawsuit , the new complaint alleges that the school district was aware of Brianne Altice 's inappropriate behavior but failed to take action against her . She allegedly had sex with the third student while she was out on bail for charges relating to the first two students . Her bail was then revoked and she remains behind bars . Not happy : Altice is pictured in court in February after her motion to drop one of the charges against her was denied . The student who brought the initial lawsuit in March accused the district of being negligent when it hired Altice and says it is responsible for the damage she inflicted on him . He claimed they started a relationship in early 2013 after they flirted during class and texted and ultimately started kissing and having sex . He stated that the school district had reprimanded Altice after seeing photos of her having inappropriate contact with students but she was not fired , the Tribune reported . School district spokesman Chris Williams said at the time he was unaware of the lawsuit . Despite the claims against her , one of her alleged victims has previously testified that the charges against Altice are ` ridiculous ' and ` she does n't deserve to be here ' . In trouble : Altice , pictured at a hearing in February 2014 , allegedly had sex with the boys from early 2013 . He told the court he had sex with Altice once prior to October 2013 - when she was initially arrested - and then three more times after that in December , while she was out on bail . In August 2014 , a second student came forward to say he had also had a physical relationship with the former Davis High English teacher , whose marriage fell apart in the aftermath of the scandal . Altice 's attorney has said his client denies any romantic involvement with the three students . ` It is her defense that they did not happen at all , ' he wrote in a motion . ` That she never engaged in any inappropriate contact with either of her students . ' But prosecutors said the teacher acknowledged to investigators that she had engaged in sex with a 16-year-old boy on two occasions . The teen was allegedly able to accurately describe the layout of Altice 's home to detectives as well as tattoos on her body . One of her victims has accused the school district of failing to fire the English teacher , left , even though it knew she had acted inappropriately with students . She was first taken into custody in 2013 . Brass asked the judge to not allow those statements at her trial , arguing that she was intimidated by the eight to 10 male officers who came to her home in October 2013 to interview her . Brass argued that the officers would not let her care for children , call an attorney or use the restroom for nearly four hours as they questioned her . ` Her statements were coerced and involuntary and were taken in violation of her so-called Miranda rights , ' Brass wrote in court papers . ` The evidence she provided was the product of that tainted statement . ' In February , she requested to drop one of the charges , claiming she had not been in a position of authority when she was accused of having sex with one of the boys . But a judge denied the motion . Altice would be tried separately in each student 's case -- meaning she 'll get three different trials .