Shaving , waxing , plucking - many of us spend hours getting rid of body hair . But this week , singer Miley Cyrus decided to challenge convention and leave her underarms unshaved - perhaps she 's onto something , as there may be health benefits to having an ample covering of fuzz . Here , with the help of experts , we explore why being hairy may be good for you . Singer Miley Cyrus this week shocked fans with this photo by challenging convention - and leaving her underarms unshaved . HOW BODY HAIR HELPS YOUR SKIN HEAL . Hair anywhere on the body is important for maintaining skin health , explains Des Tobin , a professor of cell biology at the University of Bradford . ` Each hair follicle -LSB- the tiny structure that sprouts hairs -RSB- is not just producing a hair fibre , but also has masses of blood vessels , nerves and fat around it . ' Hair follicles are also rich in stem cells - cells that never lose the capacity to renew themselves - which help the skin heal . ` If you compared a wound on the outside of a man 's arm , where the hair follicles are larger and more numerous , with a wound on the inside of the arm , the one on the outside would heal better , because of the increased stem cells and blood supply , among other factors , ' says Professor Tobin . Similarly , a bald scalp is less able to cope with nicks , cuts and bruising than a hairy one because of the lack of healthy follicles . As we age , follicles shrink and while people who lose hair will still have some stem cells , their healing capacity may be reduced . The good news is that removing hair through shaving or waxing wo n't reduce these benefits because the hair follicles are still intact . ... AND PROVIDES SUN PROTECTION . Body hair harks back to our prehistoric ancestors - it was our only garment , keeping us warm and protecting us from environmental impact such as sunlight , explains Nick Lowe , consultant dermatologist from London 's Cranley Clinic . While few of us have dense enough hair to serve this purpose now , someone who 's particularly hairy may have an extra degree of sun protection , he says . Another historic function of body hair was to keep us warm , says Professor Tobin , who is also director of the Centre for Skin Sciences . ` We do know bald heads lose more heat , and that when we 're cold , our body hair stands on end to trap warm air closer to the surface of the skin . ' Body hair harks back to our prehistoric ancestors - it was our only garment . Now , experts have revealed the various ways in which being hairy may be good for us - despite our constant attempts to remove it . DO N'T PLUCK YOUR NASAL HAIR . Unsightly as they may be , hairs in the nostrils do have a role - to prevent foreign material , such as dust , getting in to the nose and lungs , says George Murty , an ear , nose and throat consultant at University Hospitals of Leicester . If you want to defuzz your nostrils , trimming might be better to plucking , particularly if you have a cold , adds Mr Murty . ` When you pluck , you 're pulling the root out , which leaves a hole in the skin - that 's a potential source of infection , so you may want to avoid plucking when there 's lots of infections around ' . Surprisingly , the tip of the nose technically has the most dense patch of hair on the body . We 're born with all our hair follicles - 5 million of them . As we grow into adults , the hair on our limbs becomes spaced out , but the tip of the nose stays a relatively similar size , explains Professor Tobin . DOES A HAIRY CHEST IMPLY INTELLIGENCE ? Those who are particularly hairy - such as the actor Tom Selleck -LRB- pictured -RRB- - may have extra sun protection . An ample chest rug has long been seen as a sign of masculinity and good health in a man . And there may be something in it . As boys and girls go through puberty , some of the light , unpigmented hair on their bodies - called vellus hair - becomes thicker and darker , under the influence of hormones such as testosterone and its derivative dihydrotestosterone , becoming what is known as terminal hair . As men tend to have higher levels of these hormones , they usually have more terminal hair , and in more areas than a woman , such as the face , abdomen and chest . So when a man has a good smattering of chest hair it could be a sign that he has healthy levels of testosterone , says Nida Chammas , a consultant endocrinologist at BMI The Clementine Churchill Hospital , Harrow . However , not having much chest hair does not mean a man is unhealthy , she adds - it can be simply down to your genes . Someone with less obvious body hair may have perfectly healthy levels of male hormones , but the receptors in the skin are less responsive to them . Some research links the hairiness of a man 's chest to his intelligence . In the Nineties , Aikarakudy Alias , a U.S. psychiatrist , claimed that hairy chests are more likely to be found among doctors than the general population - he found 45 per cent of male trainee doctors were ` very hairy ' compared with less than 10 per cent of men generally . But Professor Tobin is sceptical , saying unless factors such as race , ethnicity and socio-economic status were ruled out , such findings were meaningless . Women who use hair removal creams around their bikini line may find they are more prone to thrush . WHY IT PAYS TO STAY AU NATUREL . Another function of hair is it provides a ` slippage zone ' , preventing chafing in areas where skin surfaces rub against one another . Ironically , these are often areas where people may be most keen to be hair-free - such as the armpits and bikini area . ` Even the finest hair coverage on the body provides this glide buffer zone , ' says Professor Tobin . ` So , some people who shave under their arms find it 's uncomfortable to move their arms against the side of their body - like a carpet burn . ' Meanwhile , women who use hair removal creams around their bikini line may find they are more prone to thrush , a common yeast infection that causes itching , irritation and discharge , says Austin Ugwumadu , a consultant obstetrician and gynaecologist at St George 's Hospital , London . ` Some people may have allergies to these products . An allergic reaction may then precipitate inflammation which triggers an episode of thrush . ' Repeated hair removal in this area , whatever the method , can sometimes cause a minor infection called folliculitis - disrupting the hair follicle may allow bacteria to get into the hair 's root . ` Because there is a high concentration of follicles in this area , and increased sweat -LRB- on which bacteria feed -RRB- , the chances of an infection are higher , ' says Mr Ugwumadu . HAIRY TOES MAY MEAN GOOD CIRCULATION . Losing the hair on the feet - and also the lower leg - can be a symptom of peripheral artery disease . It 's rarely considered an attractive feature , but hair on your toes could be a sign that your circulation is in good working order . Constantinos Kyriakides , a consultant vascular surgeon at Barts Health NHS Trust , explains : ` Losing the hair in the feet - and also the lower leg - can be a symptom of peripheral artery disease . ' In this common condition , a build-up of deposits in the leg arteries restricts blood supply to the leg muscles . Patients with it are more likely to have heart disease , too . Hair follicles need a good blood supply for nutrients and oxygen . ` If you get a blockage in the circulation in the legs , it means less oxygen will reach the bottom of the leg - far away from the heart - so the hair follicles there will suffer the most . ' However , some people simply are n't very hairy on their toes anyway , and they do n't need to worry . ` It 's only a sign of poor circulation if you had hair there in the first place , ' says Mr Kyriakides . Such hair loss usually happens to people for whom peripheral artery disease is quite advanced - an earlier symptom is pain in the calves when walking . Leaving underarm hair intact may help disperse the odours that attract us to a potential partne . THINK BEFORE YOU PRUNE YOUR EARS . Hairs in the outer portion of the ear canal prevent dust and other particles from entering the ear . However , excess hair in the ears may collect wax , which can block the ear canal and hamper hearing - so if you are prone to build-ups of ear wax you may want to consider trimming these hairs . But this may affect your hearing , according to Dr Kewal Krishan , an anthropologist at Panjab University , Chandigarh , India . He suggests there are two types of tiny sensory hairs which help transmit sound signals to the brain . Those in the outer ear boost soft sounds and reduce the loud sounds , while those in the inner ear transmit the sound waves to the auditory nerve . Writing in the journal Medical Hypotheses , Dr Krishan suggests very hairy ears could confer better hearing . However , ENT experts are deeply sceptical . LOVELORN ? HAIRY ARMPITS MAY HELP . Another argument for leaving underarm hair intact is that it may help disperse the odours that attract us to a potential partner . As Professor Tobin says : ` In other mammals , body hair is very important for dispersing odours , such as pheromones - chemicals that can help to attract mates . ` Whether humans have them too is a controversial area , but shaving your underarm hair could mean that odours are not dispersed into the air so quickly . ' PS . GO EASY ON THE FAKE EYELASHES . Good news for bushy-browed Cara Delevingne - the thicker your eyebrows , the better protected your eyes are from sweat and other particles . Eyelashes , too , are important for keeping dust out of eyes , as well as helping them stay moist . ` They redirect air flow over the eye lid and keep it out of the eyeball , stopping it drying out , ' explains Professor Tobin . However , you do n't want eyelashes that are too long . A recent study from the Georgia Institute of Technology in the U.S. found that if they are any longer than a third of the width of your eye , they 'll actually increase the air flow around the eye and have a drying effect .