Hector Bellerin has enjoyed a superb breakthrough year at Arsenal this season , so much so that he is already being tipped for a move back to La Liga leaders Barcelona . The 20-year-old right back left the Catalan giants four years ago as he pursued a faster route to first-team football , eventually opting for Arsenal in the Premier League . But now , it seems Barca fans are keen for the Spaniard to return to the Nou Camp as they voted the youth international as their preferred choice to replace Dani Alves should the Brazilian leave the club . Arsenal right back Hector Bellerin has been linked with a return to former club Barcelona . PSG and Man United target Dani Alves could leave the Catalan giants as his contract expires this summer . In a poll carried out by Spanish publication ` Sport ' , Bellerin carries 12 per cent of the vote , with Glen Johnson also included with a mere two per cent . A move would see him follow the route of Cesc Fabregas , who also left Barca before ever playing a first-team game . However , it seems supporters would be happier if Alves stayed , with 62 per cent voting in favour of a contract renewal . The 31-year-old 's current deal expires at the end of the season , with PSG and Manchester United potential suitors . Bellerin has been on a rapid road to success during the 2014/15 campaign for Arsenal , filling in for Mathieu Debuchy as the Frenchman struggled with injuries . He scored his second goal for the club against Liverpool on Saturday and is also improving defensively , with Arsene Wenger praising his contribution . Bellerin scored the opener for Arsenal in their impressive 4-1 victory against Liverpool on Saturday . The young Spaniard has impressed Arsene Wenger with his rapid rise this season , improving defensively . Speaking to @RoadToEuro2016 about his future , Bellerin was coy . ` I am good at Arsenal , but you do not know what the future may hold , ' he said . ` The Arsenal is giving me everything I am with amazing players . I do not think about the future . I just started . ` I thank the people who speak well of me , but I 'm only in the beginning . What has to arrive , will arrive . '