Former New England Patriots star Aaron Hernandez was found guilty on Wednesday of first-degree murder in a deadly late-night shooting , sealing the downfall of an athlete who once had a $ 40million contract and a standout career ahead of him . Hernandez , 25 , looked to his right and pursed his lips after the jury forewoman read the verdict . The first-degree murder conviction carries a mandatory sentence of life in prison without parole in the slaying of Odin Lloyd , a 27-year-old landscaper and amateur weekend football player who was dating the sister of Hernandez 's fiancee . Hernandez 's mother , Terri , and his fiancee , Shayanna Jenkins , cried and gasped when they heard the verdict . Shayanna Jenkins wept on his mother 's shoulder . Hernandez later mouthed to them : ` Be strong . Be strong . ' Former New England Patriots star Aaron Hernandez has been found guilty on of first-degree murder . The first-degree murder conviction carries a mandatory sentence of life in prison without parole . The conviction sealed the downfall of an athlete who once had a $ 40million contract and a standout career . The former football pro was also found guilty on firearm and ammunition charges . For reasons that were never made clear to the jury , Lloyd was shot six times in the middle of the night on June 17 , 2013 , in a deserted industrial park near Hernandez 's home . Police almost immediately zeroed in on Hernandez because they found in Lloyd 's pocket the key to a car the NFL player had rented . Within hours of Hernandez 's arrest , the Patriots cut the former Pro Bowl athlete , who was considered one of the top tight ends in the game . Prosecutors presented a wealth of evidence that Hernandez was with Lloyd at the time he was killed , including home security video from Hernandez 's mansion , witness testimony and cellphone records that tracked Lloyd 's movements . Hernandez 's lawyer , James Sultan , acknowledged for the first time during closing arguments that Hernandez was there when Lloyd was killed . Terri Hernandez clutches her son 's fianceé Shayanna as the jury returned a guilty on all counts . Ursula Ward , mother of the victim , reacts to the guilty verdict for former NFL player Hernandez . Hernandez was pictured posing with a Glock handgun when he was a student in 2009 . Odin Lloyd has been identified as the man who was found dead less than a mile away from the $ 1.3 million mansion of New England Patriots player Hernandez . But the attorney pinned the shooting on two of Hernandez 's friends , Ernest Wallace and Carlos Ortiz , saying his client was a ' 23-year-old kid ' who witnessed a shocking crime and did n't know what to do . Wallace and Ortiz will stand trial later . Prosecutors have suggested Lloyd may have been killed because he knew too much about Hernandez 's alleged involvement in a deadly 2012 drive-by shooting in Boston . But they were not allowed to tell the jury that because the judge said it was speculation . As a result , they never offered a motive beyond saying Hernandez appeared angry with Lloyd at a nightclub two nights before the killing . Hernandez faces further legal trouble : He is awaiting trial on murder charges in the drive-by shooting . He is accused of gunning down two men over a spilled drink at a nightclub . In the Lloyd killing , the defense argued that investigators fixated on Hernandez because of his celebrity and conducted a shoddy investigation in their zeal to confirm their suspicions . A court officer places handcuffs on the wrists Hernandez after the guilty verdict was read during . Shaneah Jenkins , left , girlfriend of victim Odin Lloyd , comforts a cousin of Lloyd in the courtroom . THE EVIDENCE . Prosecutors produced neither a murder weapon nor a witness to Lloyd 's shooting in a North Attleborough industrial park . Their case hinged on other elements : cellphone records showing Hernandez and two friends communicating with Lloyd around the time of the slaying ; Lloyd 's phone pinging cell towers between Boston and North Attleborough ; surveillance video at Hernandez 's home showing him holding a black item that appeared to be a gun minutes after workers at the industrial park heard gunshots ; a joint found near Lloyd 's body with Hernandez 's and Lloyd 's DNA on it . THE DEFENSE . During closing arguments , Hernandez lawyer James Sultan for the first time acknowledged what evidence pointed to : Hernandez was there when Lloyd was killed . But he described Hernandez as a witness , a 23-year-old kid who did n't know what to do after seeing a shocking crime . Sultan pinned it on Hernandez 's two co-defendants , Ernest Wallace and Carlos Ortiz , both of whom have pleaded not guilty and will be tried later . JURY 'S ROAD TRIP . Midway through the trial , jurors boarded a bus to tour key spots in the case , including Hernandez 's home , the street where the victim lived and the spot where his body was found . State police stood guard as the jury inspected the street in Boston 's Dorchester neighborhood where Lloyd lived with his mother and sisters . Jurors also trekked out in the cold to the snow-covered gravel lot where Lloyd 's bullet-ridden body was found and toured Hernandez 's mansion a mile from the crime scene . TEARS FOR A SON . Lloyd 's mother , Ursula Ward , wept quietly at times during the trial . Overcome with emotion , she would sometimes leave the courtroom in tears when jurors were shown graphic photos of her 27-year-old son 's body . Before Ward testified , Superior Court Judge Susan Garsh ordered her not to cry on the stand . Ward remained stoic . When photos of Lloyd 's body in the morgue were shown , she mouthed the words , ` My baby , my baby . ' HERNANDEZ 'S FIANCEE . Hernandez 's fiancee , Shayanna Jenkins , was compelled to testify after she was granted immunity from prosecution . Wearing her large diamond engagement ring , Jenkins testified that Hernandez had told her in the days following the shooting that he was not involved . Jenkins testified she removed a box from their basement at his request the day after the slaying but never looked inside before she dumped it in a random trash bin . Prosecutors said the box may have held evidence including the murder weapon . Jenkins , who has a 2-year-old daughter with Hernandez , avoided looking at him during her testimony . THE SISTERS . Jenkins and her younger sister , Shaneah , both attended the trial at times but sat on opposite sides of the courtroom . Shayanna sat behind Hernandez and could be seen joking with him , several times exchanging whispered ` I love yous ' when she attended . Shaneah would sit with Lloyd 's family . Before he was killed , she and Lloyd had made plans to move in together while she attended law school in Boston . Both sisters testified while the other sat in the audience , watching and sometimes seeming annoyed . THE VERDICT . After Wednesday 's verdict was read , Jenkins and Hernandez 's mother clutched each other and cried . Hernandez mouthed to them the words , ` Be strong . Be strong . ' The verdict came early on the seventh day of jury deliberations . He was automatically sentenced to life in prison without parole . Prosecutors said Hernandez organized the killing , summoned his two friends to help carry it out , and drove Lloyd and the others to the secluded spot in the industrial park . During closing arguments , prosecutors also accused Hernandez of pulling the trigger , though under the law it was not necessary to prove who fired the shots to convict him . Security video from inside Hernandez 's home showed him holding what appeared to be a gun less than 10 minutes after Lloyd was killed . The surveillance system also captured Hernandez , Wallace and Ortiz relaxing at his home hours after Lloyd was shot , hanging out in the basement `` man cave , '' lounging by the pool and cuddling Hernandez 's baby daughter . Hernandez was an All-American out of the University of Florida who was drafted by the Patriots in the fourth round in 2010 . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .