Stephanie Scott was a ` favourite teacher ' to many students at Leeton High School . Local Leeton parents have expressed anger over the loss of their children 's ` favourite teacher ' as the town continues to mourn the death of Stephanie Scott . A week before students are due to return to class after school holidays , mothers have have taken to a community Facebook page to talk about how the 26-year-old 's murder has affected their kids . ` Well said , my daughter has lost her favourite teacher , and she will never be the same , ' wrote Glenda Goolagong . Meanwhile Jodie Salerno posted : ` Stephanie was my son and 2 daughters favourite teacher at leeton high this ... has put so much pain and sadness on our comunity -LSB- sic -RSB- . ' Ms Salerno told The Australian her three children ` do n't want to return ' to school because they are so upset over Ms Scott 's death . This comes as police are due to begin an autopsy on Stephanie Scott 's body to determine how she was killed . Ms Scott 's remains have been transported to Glebe Morgue in Sydney , and a NSW Department of Justice spokeswoman confirmed State Coroner Michael Barnes has ordered that an autopsy be carried out this week . Detectives who are leading the investigation into the death of Stephanie Scott will reportedly make inquiries with authorities in the Netherlands in an attempt to run a background check on the accused killer . School cleaner Vincent Stanford , who moved to Leeton from Holland over a year ago with his mother and brother , was charged with Ms Scott 's murder on Thursday . The 26-year-old Leeton High School teacher was allegedly murdered and dumped in bushland six days before she was due to walk down the aisle to marry her partner of five years . A week before students are due to return to class after school holidays , mothers have have taken to a community Facebook page to talk about how the 26-year-old 's murder has affected their children . Police were lead to the place where Stephanie Scott 's remains were found , by the family of her accused killer . Her body was discovered on Friday evening around 5 pm in Cocoparra National Park north of Griffith , NSW . The high school where she worked turned into a memorial site after it emerged Ms Scott had been murdered . Stephanie Scott -LRB- right -RRB- , pictured with her fiancé Aaron Leeson-Woolley , was last seen on Easter Sunday . NSW Police will get in contact with their counterparts in the Netherlands to determine if the accused 24-year-old murderer had any relevant history there , AAP reports . Stanford has reportedly been uncooperative with investigators . Daily Mail Australia has contacted NSW police for comment . It has also emerged that one of the last actions of Ms Scott was to send an email to the bus company hired for her wedding , confirming transportation for guests . The revelation follows after police discovered the charred remains of a woman 's body around 5 pm on Friday after they were directed to Cocoparra National Park north of Griffith , NSW by Stanford 's family . It 's further alleged a gasoline can had been found nearby . It is understood Stanford was familiar to the area and went on regular camping trips to the national park on many occasions with his family . On Saturday - the day which English and drama teacher Ms Scott was set to marry her fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley - a memorial was held to honour the late bride-to-be . Ms Scott , pictured on a wine tour for her hen party last month in Canberra last month with her mother Merrilyn . On Saturday , the day Ms Scott was due to marry fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley , a memorial was held . Aaron Leeson-Woolley was comforted by friends and family at the heartbreaking service at the weekend . In a poignant move , the memorial service took place at the same time as when her wedding ceremony was due to take place . Her father Robert Scott spoke to the gathered mourners on behalf of his family and friends who were united in their grief on Saturday at Mountford Park in Leeton . The 26-year-old was last seen on Easter Sunday , when her disappearance sparked a widespread search for the much-loved teacher . ` Stephanie was a bright , intelligent and fun-loving woman who has impacted on many people here today , ' Mr Scott said at his daughter 's memorial on Saturday . ` Our wishes for the future are that this stays in your minds and you remember her . ` I 'm sure she 'd wish for that to be the case and you could remember her for the great little girl she was . ' Ms Scott 's grief-stricken fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley was too upset to take the stage , but was supported by loved ones to release yellow balloons into the air to commemorate her life . A vigil has been created at the school where the popular 26-year-old teacher taught drama and English . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .