Angry parents continued to protest outside a Texas middle school this week after an eighth grade boy who wrote a violent and disturbing story about killing his classmates was allowed to stay in class . The Tidwell Middle School student - aged 13 or 14 - started a blog on a writers website called Wattpad in August last year that was called ` Killing Children ' , with the tag line : ` This is a continuous story about me murdering people I hate . ' There were 11 chapters published online up until January this year , featuring stories titled ` Massacre ' , ` Thrown Under The Bus ' and ` Blood , Blood , And More Blood ' . Some of the names of students at the school featured in the blog , with one section reading : ` He tries to hold in a scream , but it escapes him when I drive the scissors down his body . ' Disturbing : The blog , Killing Children , on website Wattpad has been pulled down , but this is the title page for the blog . The 11 stories were given names like ` Massacre ' and ` Blood , Blood , And More Blood ' Anger : Despite the outrage expressed by parents , the eighth grade boy was allowed to return to school last month , and the District Attorney has confirmed no charges will be laid , saying the stories were ` horror fiction ' The children who were named eventually came across the blog and alerted their parents , who reported the incident . The boy was then removed from class , and his parents subsequently withdrew him from the school . The blog was also taken down . However late last month , as students returned from spring break , so did the boy . The Northwest Independent School District confirmed they allowed the eighth grader to return . The district and the boy 's parents maintained the blog was a work of fiction , describing it as a horror story . The Tarrant County District Attorney 's Office also ruled the blog was protected by the First Amendment . The decision has caused outrage among parents , who say they are scared for the safety of their children . ` I 'm in disbelief . I ca n't even believe it , ' parent Cindy Copeland told NBC DFW . Mrs Copeland has kept her daughter , who is in the 6th grade , out of school for eight days , frightened that something might happen at the school . Mrs Copeland said she read the blog and was disgusted . ` The description of what he will do to these peers and classmates , it 's despicable , ' she told NBC . ` It 's not therapeutic writing . And if it was then it should have been kept private , not broadcast for the entire world to see . ` It 's a threat . ' Outrage : Local parent Cindy Copeland was one of many protestors outside Tidwell Middle School on Friday . She has kept her daughter out of school for eight days . Protests : Parents brandish signs and placards demanding the eighth grader be removed from the school . Fighting : The district and the boy 's parents maintained the blog was a work of fiction , describing it as a horror story , but the parents of his classmates are n't buying it . Another parent , Angela Dean , told the network she has been forced to explain to her children about what to do in the event of an incident at the school . ` The fact that I have to have those kinds of conversations with my children on how to my protect themselves against harm from another classmate , it 's very disheartening as a parent , ' she said . The situation was reported to the Tarrant County District Attorney 's Office , who investigated the boy and his writings . An official decision was made this week not to file any charges . In a statement to NBC , the District Attorney said : ` Although the blog in question contains many disturbing , graphic , and offensive descriptions of violence , it does not meet the legal requirements for a charge of criminal or delinquent conduct under Texas law . ' However parents say they will continue protesting and holding demonstrations until the boy is removed from the school permanently . Disturbed : Angela Dean has been forced to explain to her children about what to do in the event of an incident at the school .