Kristen Bell , the voice of Frozen 's Anna and the spunky star of House of Lies , believes that parents take the anti-vaccination debate too far and endanger other kids while they are at it . ` Your child is 100 times more likely to be struck by lightning than to have a severe reaction to a vaccine ; that 's a fact , ' Kristen said in an interview for the May issue of Good Housekeeping . The mother of two daughters , Lincoln , two , and Delta , just four months , with actor Dax Sheppard shares how her views on vaccinations actually changed after the birth of her girls , as well as her own self-acceptance of her changing body and the hustle of her acting career . Scroll down for video . Cover girl : Frozen 's Kristen Bell features on the front cover of Good Housekeeping 's May issue -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Kristen takes a hard stance on vaccinating her kids and urges other parents to do so as well . Citing scientific research , she shares her intimate belief that it 's her duty to not only protect her children , but other children , too - especially those who may suffer from autoimmune diseases or cancer . ` If your kid ca n't get vaccinations ; if he goes to school with my kid and I choose not to give my kid vaccinations , I 'm putting your kid at risk , ' she said . ` To me , that 's unacceptable . ' ` As moms , our responsibility is not just to our kids - it 's to all the other kids , too , ' she added . Kristen adds that being a mother ` right-sized ' her life and has changed her views on more than needles and preventative medicine . Kristen did n't have her first child until her thirties because she did n't actually think she wanted children at all . Now , however , she considers the parent life ` unmissable . ' ` Having kids feels like that first seventh-grade crush that overwhelms every molecule in your body , but it 's permanent , ' Kristen said . Peas in a pod : Kristen and husband Dax Sheppard credit couples therapy to the success of their marriage . On the town : Kristen and Dax may come from different backgrounds , but they sure do n't look it while coordinating their pose on the arrivals carpet of The Judge premier in October 2014 . Always a self-proclaimed happy person , Kristen , like many women , was not always comfortable with her weight . But after kids , she really is not worried about the last 17 pregnancy pounds from Delta . `` Body image is what you make of it , ' Kristen explained . ` I do n't like comparison hangovers . It did n't make me feel good . ' Nor does she rush for leads in the same way she did before . Pointing out that her kids are the source of her self-esteem now , Kristen still wants to do creative work , but is n't constantly running on the treadmill for it . Her positive attitude is admired by husband , Dax , who makes a cameo in the piece to talk about the secret to their relationship 's success : couple 's therapy . Often given a bad rep or the signal of the demise of the marriage , Dax and Kristen highlight all the pros of their experience , including how it helped them overcome their different backgrounds . ` You do better in the gym with a trainer , you do n't figure out how to cook without reading a recipe , ' Kristen added . ` Therapy is not something to be embarrassed about . ' In fact , her life looks quite different than it did just a few years ago . `` It 's weird to me that all of a sudden I have a family of four , ' Kristen exclaimed . ` I own two people ! Our life has taken a turn , but not in a bad way . '