A pensioner who went into hospital and came home to find her possessions had been cleared out has criticised her son who she says ` did n't think I was going to make it ' . Pamela Clothier was admitted to hospital forcing her to leave her bungalow in Battle , Sussex . But the 92-year-old 's family was under the impression she planned to sell the house and allowed charity Age UK to clear it out . Her beloved dog Mitzy was also taken to a local animal sanctuary and later re-homed . After returning to find the house empty , the great-grandmother has criticised the charity and her family . Scroll down for video . Pamela Clothier had to retrieve her possessions after she returned from hospital to find her house cleared . The 92-year-old says the worst thing was losing her dog , Mitzy , who was given to a local animal sanctuary . Mrs Clothier said : ` My son Peter did n't think I was going to make it , so he just upped and tried to sell everything . I ca n't believe he could be so cruel . ' She added : ` They left me with nothing . All my furniture was gone , all my diaries , books , clothes , everything . The worst thing is that I ca n't get my dog back either . ' She spoke about the incident after Age UK offered her an ` insulting ' £ 1,000 compensation . She said : ` They did get me some of my furniture back , and I have been able to get more things from my friends , but I still feel like it 's not my home any more . ` In my day I would have knocked the spots off anybody , but now I 'm absolutely demolished . ' Mrs Clothier has lived alone since her Bomber Command hero husband Clyde passed away in 1991 . The fiercely independent nonagenarian added : ` I loved my home - it had masses of memories . I 've got nothing now , not even my dog . ` Peter made up his mind that selling my property was the thing to do , and he got rid of the furniture that was clogging up the place . I was left effectively having to start my life over again . ' Pamela Clothier says she was horrified when a charity cleared out her belongings without her permission . She said she did not explicitly permit the organisation to remove her belongings and wanted them back . The pensioner is calling for a change in the law to make it more difficult for charities to act in such a way without the homeowner 's permission . ` I 'm 92-years-old and I 'm in a house which is almost empty , ' said Mrs Clothier told the BBC 's South East Today . ` All the work I 've done , all the knitting and sewing I 've done , all the things I 've made are gone . It 's just like I did n't exist , ' she added through tears . Mrs Clothier 's son Peter insists she knew what was happening and he saved many of her things . She said she was horrified the charity had carried out her son 's instruction without checking with her first . ` I think they should be absolutely certain that the person who 's holding the key has the right to be doing what they 're doing . ' Her son , Peter Clothier , said his mother knew to expect her things would be cleared as they had made arrangements for her to move out of the home . ` Everything was done in negotiation with her , while she was in hospital I would visit with an iPad to show her the rooms and we negotiated what was going to be done , what would be kept and thrown out , ' Mr Clothier told MailOnline . ` She was going to move into a home temporarily and then she was going to move into a flat . ` While she was in hospital I redecorated the house and she put it on the market but when she returned she decided she would rather stay . I did in fact save a lot of her things . ' While Mrs Clothier was in care two years ago a driver from Age UK visited the property to collect her things . The charity has apologised for her ordeal and said it had reviewed its procedures since . ` We were advised that Mrs Clothier wanted to make a donation of furniture , small items and clothing , as she was moving into a nursing home and her property was to be sold , ' a spokesman told MailOnline . When they learned she wanted her possessions back , Age UK say they invited her to collect them . ` Mrs Clothier attended our premises and took back the items she wanted . We feel we acted fairly in this situation and received donations in good faith at the request of her family member . ` We have never had an incident like this before or since . However , since this incident we have reviewed our procedures to minimise this happening again . ' The 92-year-old said her home in Battle , East Sussex now feels empty with so few of her possessions left . Charities are legally able to remove the contents of an elderly person 's home without checking with them if they have been expressly told to do so by a relative . But critics say more should be done to protect the elderly and their assets . ` We share Ms Clothier 's outrage that her lifelong possessions have been stripped from her home without her permission , ' said John Beer , chairman of Action on Elder Abuse . ` This is yet another example of the sickening financial abuse that older people in the United Kingdom face day in , day out . '