For the 0.01 per cent , booking holiday travel is a far different experience than it is for the rest of us . Instead of scrolling through holiday deals on bargain-finding websites , these ultra-wealthy individuals prefer to take off on a moment 's notice and sort out any over-the-top accommodations and activities upon arrival . To get a glimpse inside this elite - and rarely planned - world , MailOnline Travel spoke to wedding and event planner Sarah Haywood , who has helped organise ceremonies and honeymoons for everyone from celebrities to Fortune 500 businessmen . Scroll down for video . For the super-wealthy , money is of no concern when it comes to booking private jets and chartering yachts . ` Most of our clients have a private travel consultant , ' Haywood explains to MailOnline Travel . ` There are several really upmarket agents where you pay a fee annually to have them take care of all your travel . ' Haywood reveals that she often works with these agencies , where she estimates that membership fees for such a service start at about £ 50,000 . ` These are n't companies you 'll find online , ' she adds . ` The people that they 're working with do n't plan and they expect things to be catered to their whims . ' Victoria Hoffman , founder and CEO of the Miami-based Concierge & Events by Victoria , tells MailOnline Travel that some of the most common last-minute request include special access to exclusive events , such as the Cannes Film Festival , the Academy Awards or tickets to the White House Correspondence Dinner . Victoria Hoffman , who owns her on US-based concierge service , reveals she 's had clients request special access to exclusive events such as the Cannes Film Festival . Specialist Italian travel company , Bellini Travel , set up by Emily FitzRoy 15 years ago , is so exclusive that it only caters to a carefully selected list of 100 clients a year . ` As we look after a limited number of people each year , we can pull in huge favours , ' Emily said . ` For example , we 're just in the middle of negotiating to close the Uffizi for a client who only has 24 hours in Florence , but wants to see Botticelli 's Birth of Venus on his own . Brown and Hudson describe themselves as the antidote to everything that is packaged and unconsidered about today 's luxury travel business . Their bespoke service , which charges a minimum of £ 1,000 simply to create an itinerary for potential clients , has an impressive portfolio of bespoke experiences they have orchestrated for guests . Alexander Martin , director of luxury lifestyle website The Envy Group agrees that for the super-rich , it 's not about what you give , so much as the amazing experience behind it . ` Our clients - or ` friends ' as we call them - are very successful and generous people , and we help them create unique lifestyle experiences that goes far beyond booking a table at an amazing restaurant . ` We recently organised the world 's only Tiffany-blue Bentley for one of our friends , and created a 20ft Tiffany-inspired remote-controlled hydraulic gift box complete to deliver it in . ' And if you 're heading to the luxurious five-star properties hoping to catch a glimpse of some of the world 's wealthiest individuals , do n't bother . Haywood tells us the the ultra-elite do n't often check in to big hotels , much preferring somewhere private for their opulent getaways . ` This is above just a private island in the Maldives , ' she tells us . ` People with this kind of money are n't looking at what 's fashionable , they 're looking for privacy and security . ` The world 's wealthiest like to stay low profile , so we 'll be looking at places where they can do that . ' Hoffman agrees , explaining that more and more clients have been asking her recently to rent villas and help them to live like a local . Instead of splashing out on a luxurious suite , the ultra-rich prefer to rent their own private Maldivian island . Haywood cites Cote d'Azur and the Maldives as two locations favoured by her A-list clientele , while Hoffman notes that she has planned extravagant vacation experiences everywhere from Paris to Italy . ` We once provided access to Coco Chanel 's apartment and private jewellery collection , ' Hoffman tells MailOnline Travel . ` The entire experience was a day in the life of Coco in which the clients dined and had afternoon tea in many of the places in Paris she frequented . ` In other scenarios , we have given privileged access to the private estates of winemakers in Bordeaux , Burgundy and Piedmont . ` In one case , my client wanted to relive the 18th century , so we had period costumes and horse-drawn carriages for the day . In another , we created a progressive feast in which each course was served at a different historic home in Italy . ' Travel around the world by private jet . Hurlingham Travel - price on application . Checking in with the hoi palloi at overcrowded airports and squeezing into a tiny seat can be a tiresome experience at the best of times . If you 're a frequent traveller , treat yourself to a comfortable arm chair recliner aboard a VIP Boeing 757 , accompanied by a team of logistics experts and a doctor to tend to your every whim . Watch the Monaco Grand Prix from the comfort of a private luxury yacht . Bon Vivant - from £ 3,000 depending on the yacht position -LRB- flights not included -RRB- . The Monaco grand prix is synonymous with style and glamour but why not up the ante even furhter and watch it on board your very own private yacht ? You 'll be treated to full hospitality during the qualifying rounds on Saturday and race day on the Sunday , including breakfast , lunch and canapés , as well as Champagne all day . Take part in a rickshaw race across India . Quintessentially - from around £ 15,000 . Driving in India can be a hair-raising experience , but driving a rickshaw must surely be up there with nail-biting rides ? Quintessentially 's trip to take part in a rickshaw race will take in the sights , sounds , smell and traffic in this incredible country . Just please fasten your seatbelt . Visit every UNESCO World Heritage Site in one holiday . Hurlingham Travel - from £ 1million . If you 've ever wondered how many UNESCO World Heritage sites there are , and how long it would take you to visit them all , the answer is 922 and roughly two years . At the time of going to press , the companies are in negotiations with a Chinese PHD student who is hoping to be whisked off on this incredible adventure once he completes his studies . Hoffman tells MailOnline Travel that exclusive access to private wine estates in France is a common request . One of Hoffman 's most impressive travel experiences included creating a ` day in the life ' of Coco Chanel for a client visiting Paris . Elite wedding and event planner , Sarah Haywood , explains that the ultra-wealthy prefer not to book in advance . Haywood has also had very last minute requests that she has had to sort only hours before - and from many miles away . ` Once , somebody was on a post-wedding shoot and they wanted a white horse at sunset , ' she remembers . ` Finding a white horse at sunset , it is possible and it did happen , but for a few hours it was quite touch and go . ` And it turns out that white horses are actually grey , not white . ' Haywood reveals that one traveller once asked her to find a white horse at sunset for a post-wedding shoot - only hours before they needed it ! In future , these one-of-a-kind holiday experiences will only become more popular . ` People want a customised vacation focused around an annual event or theme , ' Hoffman says . But such an extravagantly-themed getaway will cost you - as much as $ 100,000 for a dinner , depending on who its with . ` Pricing structure varies , ' Hoffman adds . ` A VIP experience to France or Italy in which two people explore special access historic UNESCO sites not generally open to the public could have a starting range of $ 7,000 -LRB- £ 4,540 -RRB- , whereas dinner with a celebrity or athlete could have a starting cost of $ 100,000 -LRB- about £ 65,000 -RRB- . '