Stuart McCall watched Rangers bounce back to winning ways before warning his players they must show further improvement in the push for promotion . The Ibrox side recovered from their defeat against Queen of the South as two goals from Nicky Law and one each from Nicky Clark and Haris Vuckic swamped Raith Rovers in a 4-0 victory . McCall , though , was n't happy with some of lax moments within their performance and insisted that better will be needed for Wednesday night 's trip to face a Livingston side fighting for survival . Nicky Law celebrates after putting his side 3-0 up as Rangers cruised to victory over Raith . That meeting with the Championship 's bottom club is Rangers ' game in hand over Hibernian , providing the chance to push three points clear in the battle for second place . ` It was okay , ' reflected McCall on the victory over Rovers , who are locked in mid-table safety . ` There were some nice goals , although we were sloppy at times . ` For a little period in the second-half of 20 minutes , we went through the motions and we ca n't afford to do that . ` It was pleasing in a few senses with some nice goals , some decent football and a clean sheet . ` But we certainly know that Wednesday night will be a different challenge . I was at the Alloa versus Dumbarton game on Saturday and you could sense that Alloa had everything to play for and Dumbarton nothing bar pride , obviously . ` I thought the game today might pan out as it did , but Wednesday will be different with Livingston flying in terms of their recent results . ` There is no singing and dancing today . We have done OK . I still think that we 'll need to be better and we can be better , ' said McCall . Stuart McCall has warned Rangers to be on their guard against Livingston in midweek . The pick of the Rangers goals again came from Vuckic , who has scored in each of his last five Ibrox appearances . The Newcastle United loanee has netted seven times in 12 Rangers outings overall . ` We tried to swap it around by playing a diamond and by getting Haris into more space , ' added McCall , who expects another of the loanees , Shane Ferguson , to begin training with Rangers today . ` But he still tends to head for the right-hand side , which is his favourite . ` Every time he cuts in onto his left , you expect the net to bulge . ` We had good footballers in there with him , Nicky Law , Dean Shiels and Andrew Murdoch , who I thought was terrific again . ` I said from day one that Haris has got fantastic ability . ` Obviously , he has got fitter having played more games now , and his match fitness is now looking strong at the end of games where he was flagging after 50 or 60 minutes earlier . ` That 's just having more time on the park . He is important to us and he is a goal threat . ' Nicky Clark -LRB- left -RRB- heads it home to give Rangers an early lead . Raith Rovers manager Grant Murray feels Rangers have improved under McCall , but he also believes that whichever Championship side comes through the play-offs will face a difficult task to clear the final promotion hurdle . ` They still have to go and play a Premier League team and there is a good chance that that team will have a winning mentality , ' said Murray . ` People are talking about Ross County or Motherwell - well it wo n't be an easy task going to these kind of places . ` I think everyone is talking about how Rangers have picked up now and they look like a strong team who will finish second . ` Hibs have had a fantastic season , too , in terms of the attacking football they play , but I think Queen of the South are also keeping themselves in there . ` We knew Rangers would come at us after losing on Thursday and we knew it would be difficult . It is difficult coming to places like this and you have to stand up and have the right mentality . But going a goal down so early put us on the back foot . '