Not content to just sell other manufacturers phones and mobile plans , Carphone Warehouse is launching a network of its own . Called iD , the mobile network will launch in May and offer free roaming in 22 countries including the US , Australia and across Europe . The firm 's boss told MailOnline the aim is to offer features that customers want , including 12-month contracts and affordable 4G handsets . Carphone Warehouse 's mobile network launches in May and will offer free roaming in 22 countries , including the US , Australia and across Europe . The firm 's boss told MailOnline the aim is to offer features that customers want , including 12-month contracts and affordable 4G handsets . When iD launches next month it will offer the most comprehensive range of roaming countries , ahead of Three with 18 countries and Lyca on 17 . Carphone Warehouse 's iD will use Three 's existing infrastructure to offer these networks and plans . ` Carphone Warehouse is unique because we speak to more customers across the networks than anyone else . This gives us a unique customer insight , ' UK and Ireland chief executive Graham Stapleton told MailOnline . The iD network -LRB- logo pictured -RRB- will use Three 's existing infrastructure to offer networks and plans . ` They tell us what could be better across the whole of the industry and iD is based on that insight ; giving customers what they want . ` We 're building this network from scratch and are using the latest technology to connect and build iD , and because tech is moving so quickly we 've been able to come up with something innovative and different . ' He said that at launch Carphone Warehouse is creating a platform for the network and in ` two to three months ' time -LSB- it -RSB- will launch products that no-one else will have . ' But Mr Stapleton would n't reveal what these will be in order to maintain a competitor advantage over rival networks . He continued that the aim is to have all the handsets it currently sells available on the network . ` The reason we are putting 12-month contracts and deals out there is that there is no-one else offering such 12 month contracts and our customers said it was a feature they wanted , ' he continued . iD wo n't the only network to offer 12-month contracts , though . Vodafone , for example , has a range of contracts that start at £ 9.50 a month . When iD launches it will offer the most comprehensive range of roaming countries , shown in the graph above . This will put it ahead of Three with 18 countries and Lyca on 17 . Carphone Warehouse 's boss Graham Stapleton said the iD website will launch tomorrow , where people can register their interest . The full range of plans will be announced as they become available , but an example offers the Samsung A3 -LRB- shown -RRB- on a 12-month 4G plan with 300 mins , 5000 texts and 1 GB data for £ 19.50 . In terms of next steps , Mr Stapleton said the website will launch tomorrow where people can register their interest , and the network as a platform will launch in May - although he did n't give an exact date . Two months after it announced it was launching its own mobile network , Google is now said to be looking at ways to get rid of roaming fees . The tech giant is said to be in talks with Hutchison Whampoa , the owner of the Three network , to let its users make calls and send texts in any country at no extra cost . Industry sources said the firms are discussing a ` wholesale access agreement ' that would help Google create a global network . Google 's vice president Sundar Pichai confirmed rumours his firm was launching a mobile network plan during during a talk at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona in February . It will be initially offered to cities that have Google Fiber , such as Kansas , Texas and Utah and Google is working with network operators on developing the cellular plan . The firm will also be launching an app to manage billing and then new features will be announced during the summer that Mr Stapleton described as ` just fantastic and very innovative . ' The full range of plans and offers will be announced as they become available , but an example plan offers the Samsung A3 on a 12-month 4G plan with 300 mins , 5,000 texts and 1 GB data for £ 19.50 . ` This is just the beginning , ' added Mr Stapleton . ` We know that there are lots more customer issues and frustrations with existing mobile plans that we 're eager to tackle . ` We want this network to be focused on the individual and we will continue to listen to customers over the coming months , asking them to help develop and evolve iD . ' Other features include controls and caps to help people prevent ` Bill Shock ' - surprise costs and fees added to their account . iD is the first major initiative from Dixons Carphone and will be available to customers via all Carphone Warehouse , Currys and PC World stores , as well as online . Ernest Doku , telecoms expert at uSwitch.com told MailOnline : ` It 's quite a coup that iD piggybacks off Three 's network given that Carphone Warehouse has n't offered any deals from the network in years . Perhaps iD Mobiles was the olive branch . ` The promise of 12-month contracts is likely to be a major win with mobile users who crave flexibility - we know that because of the rising popularity of SIM-only deals . ` But iD 's success all hinges on how keenly these shorter contracts are priced . We eagerly await more concrete details , in terms of cost and the full range of handsets that will be offered . ' Carphone Warehouse is the latest firm to launch its own network . In January Sky announced plans to launch its own network , powered by O2 . O2 's owner Telefónica UK will give Sky wholesale access to 2G , 3G and 4G voice and data services . The first deals are expected to launch in 2016 . Sky is the country 's second-largest provider of home broadband and most popular ` triple-play ' provider . In January Sky announced plans to launch its own network , powered by O2 . O2 's owner Telefónica UK will give Sky wholesale access to 2G , 3G and 4G voice and data services , with the first deals expecting to launch in 2016 . Carphone Warehouse 's iD will use Three 's existing infrastructure to offer networks and plans . It is the latest firm to launch its own network . In January Sky announced plans to launch its own network , powered by O2 . O2 's owner Telefónica UK will give Sky wholesale access to 2G , 3G and 4G voice and data services , with the first deals expecting to launch in 2016 . Meanwhile , Telefónica UK already rents part of its network to Tesco Mobile . Sky is hoping to rival fellow broadcaster Virgin Media , which shares EE 's network , and BT , which is said to be in talks to buy EE . Vodafone was initially seen as a leading contender for the wholesale partnership with Sky as the two firms already have content partnerships in place . Vodafone Red 4G customers can get access to Sky Sports as part of their plan , for example . Instead , Vodafone is planning to launch a broadband and TV service later this year that will use its Cable and Wireless business fibre network , and BT 's Openreach network . Sky is hoping to rival fellow broadcaster Virgin Media , which uses EE 's network for its mobile services , and BT , which is said to be in talks to buy EE . Under the terms of Sky 's multi-year deal , Telefónica UK will share its network with the media giant across the UK , and the first services will launch next year . Sky is the country 's second-largest provider of home broadband since entering the market seven years ago , with more than 5 million customers . It is also said to be the most popular ` triple-play ' provider , with almost 40 per cent of its customers taking its three services - TV , telephone and broadband . Adding a mobile service would make it a so-called ` quad-play provider . ' More recently it launched a mobile TV service Sky Go that lets people watch live and on-demand films and TV shows on their phones and tablets . Financial terms of the partnership were not given and an O2 spokesman said the deal would not affect existing O2 customers . Meanwhile , Telefónica UK already rents part of its network to Tesco Mobile . And Sky and Vodafone also have a number of content partnerships in place . Vodafone Red 4G customers can get access to Sky Sports as part of their plan , for example . Vodafone is planning to launch a broadband and TV service later this year that will use its Cable and Wireless business fibre network , and BT 's Openreach network . Pricing details , and what TV content will be offered , has yet to be announced . Financial terms of the partnership were not given and an O2 spokesman said the deal would not affect existing O2 customers . Meanwhile , Telefónica UK already rents part of its network to Tesco Mobile and showing a willingness to open its network to Sky could help it gain approval for Three 's acquisition .