The top-paying companies in America have been revealing - and film-streaming service Netflix is near the top of the pile , paying a median of $ 180,000 a year . The other boldface name in the group is Google , which comes in at no. 13 and pays an median of $ 143,000 a year . But to make it on to the payrolls of these top companies , workers needs to be highly educated , highly skilled or highly connected - sometimes all three . They fall into three categories - tech companies , law firms and consulting firms . Netflix has come a long way from its days of mailing DVDs to subscribers across the country . Its 2,000 employees have a median salary of $ 180,000 now . Nine of the top 15 companies are in the tech sector , according to salary data compiled by the recruiting company Glassdoor.com . These firms are competing furiously to hire and retain the relatively small number of top-notch computer programmers who make Silicon Valley such a magnet for money . Consulting and law firms rely on relationships with clients and so once employees establish themselves , they become more and more valuable and command higher salaries . Wall Street law firm , Skadden , Arps , one of the largest and most prestigious law firms in the nation , comes in at the top of the list . The median compensation there there is $ 182,000 . Skadden has 4,500 employees - more than 1,800 of whom are high-grossing attorneys . Netflix , which has 2,000 employees , comes in second . Management consultants take the three spots - Strategy & , McKinsey & Company and A.T. Kearney all pay $ 160,000 median salaries . Mozilla , the company that oversees the Firefox web browser and TureCar , which lists car sales , are both on the list . Other than Google , Netflix , Mozilla and TrueCar , most people have likely not heard of the companies of the highest-paid list . The companies are also mostly small and midsize . Nearly all of them employ fewer than 5,000 people . Some just a few hundred . Google , which has 53,000 employees , is by far the largest employer on the list .