John Terry warned Arsenal that they will never win the Barclays Premier League by playing ` tippy-tappy football ' . In a robust defence of Chelsea 's recent tactics , the club 's captain admitted Jose Mourinho changed the way the league leaders approached games after Christmas . Mourinho 's team were booed off the pitch by home fans following their 0-0 draw at Arsenal and left the field to chants of ` boring , boring Chelsea ' . John Terry has warned Arsenal they will not win the league playing ` tippy-tappy football ' and need to adapt . Chelsea 's veteran striker Didier Drogba celebrate a hard-fought point at the Emirates . Terry said : ` We are definitely not boring and if we do go on to win it , nobody 's going to remember the performances when perhaps it 's not been that exciting , but we 've dug deep where other teams have n't and that is why they are so far behind us . ` Possession is great , we could see that from the Manchester United game last week . ` Possession and tippy-tappy football 's great , but if you are not winning games you 're not going to win the league . ` Let 's not forget the first half of the season , up until Christmas , we were the best side by far . ` The football we played with -LRB- Cesc -RRB- Fabregas and his assists , the goal at Burnley by Andre Schurrle and goals after that . The play was different class . ` Things then went against us and the manager being him , came up with the way to get us through games and that 's where he 's at his best . Terry was one of the players of the match and was rightly praised by manager Jose Mourinho after the game . Chelsea midfielder Nemanja Matic and goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois celebrate after the goalless draw . Terry punches the air as the Chelsea squad celebrate yet another step towards winning the Premier League . The Chelsea squad celebrate at the final whistle at the Emirates following their hard-earned draw with Arsenal . ` We were the best side up until Christmas for sure and we have actually beaten the teams who have made things difficult for us . ` We are grinding out results , we have got the quality in the squad , so hopefully we can get over the line because we are very close . ' Terry also admitted defending was an art after Mourinho claimed his performance against Arsenal on Sunday was one of the finest of his career . Eden Hazard -LRB- middle -RRB- celebrates winning the PFA Player of the Year award with his Chelsea team-mates . Hazard and his Chelsea team-mates celebrate as the Belgian international scoops Player of the Year award . Hazard was played as a false No 9 during the Premier League clash with rivals Arsenal at the Emirates . A frustrated Olivier Giroud reacts as the Chelsea defence refuses to be broken during their London derby . Alexis Sanchez doing his best to beat Branislav Ivanovic to the ball as Arsenal tried to get behind Chelsea . The Chelsea defender 's reading of the game has always been one of his biggest strengths and he was at his best repelling Arsenal 's attacks at the Emirates . He added : ` It is an art . Listen I totally respect him , he is a great manager , but from our point I am just delighted . ` I got on the end of a lot of crosses and cleared a few . You can feel when things are going well and stuff and definitely during the game I felt it was . Santi Cazorla is left frustrated as his side fail to break down a stubborn Chelsea defence at the Emirates . Former Arsenal captain Cesc Fabregas walks off the Emirates Stadium pitch as Chelsea close in on the title . Terry has warned Arsene Wenger that is side will not win the title playing ` tippy-tappy football ' ` But to hear that from the likes of the manager , who stands there and assesses you day-in , day-out , is really nice . But I just have to keep on and keep going because it can go the other way . ` They are a really good side , especially going forward , so needed to be on it defensively , which we have been collectively . ` I just thought even in midfield , tracking back late on , you could see they were shattered a little bit , but everyone dug deep . ' Meanwhile , Hazard was given yet more reason to celebrate as he was awarded the PFA Player of the Year Award on Sunday night . Team-mates Terry , Diego Costa , Nemanja Matic , Gary Cahill and Branislav Ivanovic were also rewarded with a place in the PFA Premier League Team of the Year . Wenger looks on at the Emirates as his side yet again fail to get one over on Mourinho 's Chelsea .