The body of Andrew Getty , naked from the waist down , was discovered in a bathroom at his gated , three-storey £ 2.6 million villa in the Hollywood Hills on Tuesday afternoon . The Los Angeles neighbourhood is home to many of Tinseltown 's most powerful players , but Getty 's surname was all that was needed to ensure his entry into that social set . The 47-year-old grandson of John Paul Getty , once the world 's richest man , Andrew was an heir to the vast Getty oil fortune . Lurid early reports of his death and troubled past suggest a new chapter has opened in the tragic history of a family that epitomises , like no other , the saying that money does n't bring you happiness . Scroll down for video . Found dead : Andrew Getty , the 47-year-old grandson of John Paul Getty once the world 's richest man , was an heir to the vast Getty oil fortune . John Paul Getty , a misanthrope so tight-fisted he put a payphone in the hall of his Surrey mansion , failed disastrously in his quest to prevent his huge fortune spoiling his heirs . A string of Gettys have died from drug overdoses , while another grandson of the family patriarch , Jean Paul Getty III , never recovered after he became the victim of a notorious and brutal kidnapping . Other members of the supremely dysfunctional family became embroiled in decades long lawsuits and divorces , always over money . Even Andrew 's father , Gordon , a supposedly squeaky-clean married philanthropist and classical composer , was mired in scandal when it emerged he had a secret second family . In this latest tragedy , police say a woman called them to Andrew Getty 's home on Tuesday , saying that the horror movie buff had suffered a heart attack . Investigators say he had been having severe stomach problems and suffered significant bleeding in his rectal area . However , they believe he died of natural causes or an accident . Andrew Getty 's former girlfriend , identified in the U.S. media as aspiring actress Lanessa De Jonge , 32 , raised the alarm . Reportedly she had told him to see a doctor about ` painful bowel movements ' . Andrew Getty 's former girlfriend , identified in the U.S. media as aspiring actress Lanessa De Jonge , 32 , raised the alarm . Though investigators do not regard her as a suspect , she allegedly has a history of psychiatric problems and has been arrested a number of times for harassment and disorderly conduct . Reports in America suggest that according to police insiders , officers had previously been called to the house 31 times , usually over domestic disturbances . Lanessa and Andrew were frequently under the influence of drugs when officers visited . Then two weeks ago , Getty took out a restraining order against her , the Los Angeles police said yesterday . At the same time as he took out the order , he said he had a serious medical condition and that doctors had warned him that ` heated arguments can cause my blood pressure to rise dangerously ' , putting him at ` serious risk ' . Twelve years ago , when Getty was being sued over a disagreement with a former employee , he was portrayed in court by ex-colleagues on a film he directed as a threatening , cocaine-snorting gun nut . Educated at the private Dunn School in California , he later studied at New York University and the University of Southern California . Intriguingly , records show he has been prosecuted 12 times for unpaid taxes . In this latest tragedy , police say a woman called them to Andrew Getty 's home on Tuesday , saying that the horror movie buff had suffered a heart attack . The body of Andrew Getty , naked from the waist down , was discovered in a bathroom at his gated , three-storey £ 2.6 million villa in the Hollywood Hills on Tuesday afternoon . Andrew was the second eldest of four sons of Gordon Getty by his publisher wife , Ann . Gordon was the fourth son of the family patriarch J. Paul Getty , yet still Gordon assumed control of the $ 4billion family trust when his father died in 1976 . J. Paul Getty married five times and produced six children , whom he treated with such disdain he never even bothered to attend their weddings . He became the world 's richest man when he struck oil in the Middle East in 1953 . He reportedly showed affection for his youngest son , Timmy . But when he died aged 12 from a brain tumour , his father did n't go to his funeral . Timmy 's mother claimed the tycoon had even complained about paying for his son 's medical treatment . His other sons fared little better . His eldest son and heir apparent , George , worked himself into an early grave trying to impress his father in the family business . He became so despairing at his failure that he would stab himself in the arms with a letter opener . He turned to drink and drugs , and died in 1973 after overdosing on pills . J. Paul Getty 's second son , Ronald , was virtually disinherited after his mother Adolphine -- Getty 's third wife -- dared to drag her feet over a divorce when the tycoon decided to move on to wife number four . John Paul Getty III -LRB- left -RRB- had his ear cut off by Italian mobsters after being held to ransom for a portion of his wealthy family 's fortune - which his grandfather initially refused to pay . Andrew Getty 's father Gordon Getty -LRB- right -RRB- pictured in 1986 , a decade before his secret family was revealed . John Paul Junior , the third boy , has gone down in history as the prodigal son . After a first job earning $ 100 a month as a petrol pump attendant , he joined the family business , but took to drinking heavily . He became a heroin addict soon after meeting his beautiful second wife , the Dutch actress and socialite Talitha Pol . They became darlings of the celebrity hippie set , partying with Mick Jagger and spending most of the Sixties in a druggie haze . When Talitha died of a heroin overdose in 1971 , a devastated John Paul Junior holed himself up in his home in England . Unsurprisingly , he was cut off financially by his father , who intoned : ` No Getty can be a drug addict . ' The shortage of funds proved tragic in 1973 when John Paul Junior 's oldest child , John Paul III , 16 , was kidnapped in Rome by the Mafia . When a $ 17million ransom demand arrived , his skinflint grandfather refused to help . It was only after one of the boy 's ears was sent through the post that Getty coughed up and the hostage was released . Traumatised by his ordeal , the young John Paul Getty III slipped into cocaine and heroin addiction , washed down with a bottle of bourbon a day . John Paul Getty , a misanthrope so tight-fisted he put a payphone in the hall of his Surrey mansion , failed disastrously in his quest to prevent his huge fortune spoiling his heirs . In 1981 , he suffered catastrophic liver failure and a severe stroke , emerging from six weeks in a coma virtually blind and paralysed from the neck down . He could communicate by little more than a high-pitched scream . He died aged 54 in 2011 . Until now , Andrew Getty 's side of the family lived largely in comparative obscurity . After inheriting the family business empire , his father Gordon sold Getty Oil to Texaco for $ 10 billion in the mid-Eighties . He then settled in San Francisco to devote his life to philanthropy and his real passion : writing classical music . However , in 1999 , he , too , plunged the Getty name into controversy after three previously secret children -- then aged eight , ten and 14 -- went to court to change their name to Getty . They and their mother , Cynthia Beck , it emerged , had been Gordon 's secret second family in Los Angeles , and the girls had decided to claim their birthright . His wife , Ann , had been aware for two years about the other family . Gordon and Ann 's second son , Andrew , meanwhile , had been trying with little success to become a film director . In 2003 , Andrew was sued by a studio assistant , Ingrid Jacobs , for £ 500 in unpaid wages for his first and only film , a horror movie made in the house where he died this week . The court heard how Getty snorted cocaine , spent heavily on prostitutes and carried a gun -- keeping an arsenal of assault rifles at his home and threatening the film crew with them . ` All of us lived in fear of his dark , violent moods , ' said Ms Jacobs in court . ` He once screamed at me : `` I 'm going to kick you in the kidneys so hard that you choke . '' ` He had no worries about spending thousands a week on high-price prostitutes , but he was mean as hell with everyone else . ' Charity Thomson , the movie 's assistant director , said she saw Getty snorting drugs while on the set . She described him as ` a spoilt rich kid who does n't value his own life or that of anyone else ' . Money never bought the family patriach J. Paul Getty love , a fact he belatedly acknowledged when he said he would have given half his kingdom for a happy marriage . Now , with another troubled Getty life cut short , his family would no doubt agree the money that brought them such luxury has also brought seemingly endless misery . As one commentator said : ` They were born with golden ladles in their mouths , and they choked on them . '