A four-year-old boy has returned home after being mauled by their family 's newly adopted pit bull . Gavin Tobeck of Lacey , Washington suffered from a broken cheekbone , jaw and nose bridge , and needed sections of a rib to repair his eye sockets after the attack by their dog Smash on April 1 . The boy also lost five baby teeth and three permanent tooth buds . In an effort to save her son , 29-year-old Alissa Evans ' friend threw hot coffee on the dog which led to the animal releasing his grip on Gavin . Doctors thought that the young boy would not make it , but after spending six days at Harborview Medical Center , he was released late on Tuesday and has begun returning to a normal life , according to KOMO News . Following a ten-day quarantine to check for rabies , Smash is scheduled to be euthanized by Thurston County Animal Service on Saturday at the Tobecks ' request . Scroll down for video . Gavin Tobeck -LRB- pictured left with his mom Alissa Evans -RRB- was left with a broken cheekbone , jaw and nose bridge , in addition to needing sections of a rib to repair his eye sockets after the attack . The family had adopted the pit bull Smash from friend of their neighbor on March 16 and said there were no previous signs of aggression -LRB- above Smash and Gavin -RRB- . Following the attack earlier this month , Gavin told KOMO : ` He ate me . ' His mother said that they both were lucky . Evans said : ` I got lucky , he got lucky . He still has his lips , he still has his eyes . He has five teeth . ' ` He is a walking miracle , ' she added . ` If it was one millimeter to the left he would have died instantly . ' The Tobecks had adopted the one-and-a-half-year-old puppy on March 16 from a friend of their neighbor , according to the Olympian . Evans said there were no previous signs of aggression from Smash . ` I hate to see him put down , but I would not trust that dog , ' said Evans . ` I would n't trust him with an adult no matter what people say . ' Gavin and Smash were playing in the backyard when the dog attacked the child . His mother tried to stop the animal but he bit her and then pushed her to the ground before going for the boy , she said . Gavin was hospitalized at Harborview Medical Center in Seattle for six days following the attack on April 1 and was released late on Tuesday . Following a ten-day quarantine to check for rabies , Smash is scheduled to be euthanized by Thurston County Animal Service on Saturday at the family 's request . Once her friend was able to get the dog to stop , they called the police . ` It was the scariest thing I 've ever seen in my entire life , ' Evans said . ` I literally thought that my son ... I was watching him die . ' Since Gavin 's release from hospital , he has been reunited at home with his sister Serenity , six , and brother David , seven . His mother has also made a point to cover the mirrors in her apartment to keep Gavin from seeing the injuries on his face . Evans has also started a GoFundMe page to help raise money to replace his baby teeth , as she said his insurance will not cover all of the repairs because he can eat soft food . She wrote on the page that she wants nothing more than for Gavin to grow up as normal as possible following the tragic experience . ` I appreciate all of the people who have help support Gavin in his road to recovery , ' she wrote on the GoFundMe page . Evans said her son is a ` walking miracle ' and that they are both lucky following the attack . ` I want everyone to know that everything that has been donated on this site is strictly for Gavin . ` If the dental work is done at no cost then it will be put in a savings account to later be used on the permanent teeth or it will be kept there for when he turns 18 and he can do what he wants with it . ` I want to make it clear that this site was created for Gavin and it will be used solely on him . ` I know a lot of people are concerned that this is a publicity stunt but it has never been about that and will never be about that . ' As of Saturday , the GoFundMe page had raised $ 1,360 in donations out of a $ 10,000 goal . No charges will be filed against the previous owner of Smash since Evans said the dog showed no earlier signs of aggression , according to KOMO .