It 's all Pep Guardiola 's fault ; him and the good folk of Scotland or , at least , St Andrews . It is a simplification , of course , but perhaps a useful way of understanding why , as we survey the Champions League quarter finals , there are no Premier League clubs troubling the scorers . Bayern Munich take on Porto on Wednesday night and even though they are contending with an injury crisis which leaves them without Bastian Schweinsteiger , Franck Ribery and Arjen Robben among others you might anticipate a sixth Champions League semi-final for Guardiola in his six years of management . Of course Guardiola is n't alone responsible for the decline of the Premier League in Europe ; nor is it really down to St Andrews , though the iconic town with its genteel ambience played its part in continental Europe overhauling the English clubs . Pep Guardiola prepares his side for their Champions League quarter-final first leg against Porto . The Bayern boss gives instructions to his goalkeeper Manuel Neuer at a training session on Tuesday . Something happened back in 2008 when Guardiola took over at Barcelona and it was n't that the Barcelona team changed . Frank Rijkaard had virtually the same players but Guardiola managed to find an extra 25 per cent of performance in them . What happened was a tactical change which had at its roots in St Andrews , where the Barcelona team spent their first pre season under Guardiola . There Messi was a distracted individual , sometimes sneering at Guardiola 's insistence on organisation and pressing , according to Guillem Balague 's account in his biographies of Messi and Guardiola . But a breakthrough came when Guardiola stuck up for Messi in his battle with the club to play for Argentina in the Beijing Olympics . The new manager took the young Argentinian under his wing , sidling up to him after training , putting his arm round him to assure him of his support . Guardiola is bidding to reach his sixth Champions League semi-final in his six years as a manager . Guardiola got Messi on side in 2008 after standing up for him in battle to represent Argentina at the Beijing Olympics . Messi , the precocious star , suddenly felt he had an ally in Guardiola . And , as a result , he began to buy into Guardiola 's idea of relentless pressing to supplement the tiki taka football , which was already a template at Barcelona . For tiki taka is not what made Guardiola 's team great . ` I loathe all that passing for the sake of it , all that tiki-taka . It 's rubbish and has no purpose . ' It sounds like Sam Allardyce , but those are the words of the great high priest of possession football as reported by Marti Perarnau in his book Pep Confidential . What Guardiola added to Barcelona 's game was the intensity , drive and sheer energy which had wilted under Rijkaard and then moulded it with overwhelming possession . Sometimes , when assessing the English problem in Europe , it helps to reverse the question . So , rather than ask ` Why are we so bad now ? ' it useful to identify why were we so good between 2005-2009 ? ' Guardiola led Barcelona to Champions League glory in 2009 and 2011 -LRB- pictured -RRB- . The former Barcelona manager is thrown into the air by his players as they celebrate the 2011 success . For Chelsea fans pointing to the 2012 triumph , that it was indeed a victory of rare courage amidst adversity but the decline of English clubs had already begun and that win is effectively an outlier , bucking the established trend . Between 2005-2009 the Premier League provided 12 out of the potential 20 semi finalists for the Champions League ; between 2010 to 2015 it has provided three out of 24 . Even asking that question is revealing as what English clubs were really good at during that period was making the semi finals and the final rather than winning the trophy . Only Liverpool and Manchester United actually achieved that in the five-year period of English ascendancy , though , of course , Chelsea did so improbably in 2012 . What was different about English clubs in that period was the injection of some of the finest tactical minds in the game to the Premier League . Jose Mourinho may never have won the trophy with Chelsea but he transformed their approach and arguably provided the foundations for the 2008 final and the remarkable 2012 win . Rafael Benitez was an extraordinary force , the Diego Simeone of that era , regularly out-witting Mourinho and taking a relatively normal Liverpool team to two finals . Guus Hiddink engineered a fine run to the semi finals building on the work of Mourinho . Manchester United won the Champions League in 2008 when English clubs were dominating the latter stages . Chelsea were an exception to the rule in 2012 when they won the tournament against all the odds . Rising to the challenge of Mourinho and Benitez , Sir Alex Ferguson was tactically at his peak in that period , playing without a recognised centre foward at times in 2008 before Guardiola and others made it fashionable . English teams had always had an intensity with which continental teams had sometimes struggled to cope . What they had lacked often was organisation and tactical nous . Benitez , Mourinho , Hiddink provided that and Ferguson responded . Put all that together and you have a cultural melting pot which , allied to the commercial success of the Premier League , was pushing players and teams to new heights . The Premier League 's TV money of course brought in good , technical foreign players which helped but that does not seem to be the key reason for its success . The money is bigger now and those players still come but it has n't helped Manchester City . At the zenith of the Premier League 's dominance , the 2008 Moscow final , ten English players started the game . Manchester City were eliminated in the last 16 this season at the hands of Barcelona . Chelsea exited at the same stage as England have no representatives in the quarter-finals . When Jurgen Klinsmann spoke about the tactical revolution he was attempting to forge in Germany in 2006 - a style of play which has since evolved at Borussia Dortmund and Bayern Munich - he explicitly referenced the Premier League and its pace . He recognised that continental Europe had fallen behind . It was new tactical ideas meeting the traditional attributes of the English game which helped the Premier League dominate Europe . Conversely , it was Guardiola - and others , such as Jurgen Klopp , Louis van Gaal , Jupp Heynckes - surpassing that intensity which in turn overhauled the Premier League . Clubs such as Barca , Bayern , Dortmund have retained their technical superiority over English clubs but they are now likely to out-run them and out-press them . In reality there is no one man responsible for that change . And , Guardiola 's obsession with pressing is rooted in an admiration for South American football and especially Marcelo Bielsa , rather than the Premier League . But when that change took place , the Premier League lost its competitive edge . And when Guardiola put his arm around Messi at St Andrews back in the summer of 2008 and convinced his young protege to buy into that pressing game , European football changed forever .