The last thing many people would expect to discover when delving into their gran 's past , is their successful career as a pin-up girl . Helen Dunn , 78 , was n't ever expecting to relive her daring past , but was surprised when she opened a copy of the Sunday Mercury newspaper to find a photo of herself starring back . The mother-of-two and grandmother , from Stourbridge , West Midlands , was flicking through the newspaper when she spotted herself on the cover of a raunchy lads ' mag from 1955 . Helen Dunn , 78 , was shocked to discover her cover images for vintage lads mag Span , when she opened the Sunday Mercury newspaper . Vintage beauty : The grandma , from Stourbridge , West Midlands , was only 17 years old at the time of the cover shoot . The cover was featured as a part of collector Tim Beddow 's ` antiques rudeshow ' collection of 700 vintage men 's mags , the Birmingham Mail reports . And there Dunn was - under her model pseudonym , Sherry Morris - on the cover of top-shelf British magazine , Span . The cover image shows Dunn , who was just 17 years old at the time , perched seductively on a stool with her legs slightly crossed . Naughty or nice : Helen made all her own costumes for the raunchy shoot for Span , including the fur muff -LRB- pictured right -RRB- . ` I was always outgoing ' - Helen did n't mind the risqué nature of the shoot , in which she posed seductively for the camera . The 78-year-old wears an off-the-shoulder top , and her stockings and suspenders are in full display . In an interview with the Birmingham Mail , the glamorous gran admitted that she was shocked to see the images . She said : ` When I saw the picture I was absolutely shocked . ` I shouted , ` That 's me ! I think it 's great , I have no secrets . ' Back in the day , Dunn had a brief stint as a model , before she went on to marry a professional footballer three years later : Manchester United 's Alan Dunn . Dunn -LRB- pictured right -RRB- went on to marry Manchester United footballer Alan Dunn -LRB- left -RRB- , just three years after the cover shoot . The grandmother recalls her modelling days with a fondness , and remembers the shoot clearly . Helen had even made her own outfit , including the fur muff . She had posed in the garden of local photographer Royston Campbell after a friend of Helen sent him images . ` He was a gentleman , a very nice man , ' she recalls . ` Nothing iffy about him at all . ` I always made my own outfits , even the umbrellas . The picture was originally for a Christmas calendar . ` Back in the day , I was n't bad looking and did n't have a bad figure ' - Helen looks back on her modelling days . ` I suppose the magazine was looked on as a little risqué , but it really did n't bother me . I did n't think about it . I was always outgoing . When breaking the news to her two grown-up children , Helen had no worries about how her former career would be perceived . She admitted : ` You know what ? They think it 's great . ' ` Back in the day , I was n't bad looking and did n't have a bad figure . '