Four tries and a total of 30 points from goalkicking winger Josh Mantellato broke brave Bradford 's hearts as Hull KR avoided a potential Ladbrokes Challenge Cup banana skin with a 50-30 victory at the Odsal Stadium . Rovers twice came came from behind , trailing 12-0 in the early stages to the Kingstone Press Championship heavyweights , before easing clear with five tries in the final 18 minutes . Amid a pulsating and sometimes controversial cup tie , the hosts ultimately had no answer to Italian international Mantellato , whose last three tries came within the space of seven decisive minutes . It was only the East Yorkshire side 's second cup tie success since reaching the quarter-finals in 2011 and their first Challenge Cup victory at Bradford since 1926 , albeit only the third time the clubs had met in the competition since then . Winger Josh Mantellato scored four tries and kicked 14 points for Hull KR against Bradford Bulls . Having forced several errors from the Super League side in the opening exchanges , it took a fired-up Bulls less than six minutes to go ahead as Adam O'Brien barged his way through and under the posts . Ryan Shaw converted on his way to a tally of five goals . The Bulls struck again when O'Brien and Etu Uaisele put Dale Ferguson over , although Shaw got a fortuitous bounce off the upright in adding the extras this time . Rovers bounced back , capitalising on an unforced error from Shaw to halve the early deficit when winger Mantellato dived over in the corner then converted his own try . Rovers lost forward Greg Burke to a clash of heads midway through the half but they levelled when an Albert Kelly cross-field kick was tapped back by Mantellato for Kris Welham to touchdown with Mantellato again stroking over the extras . A scintillating weaving solo run by Kelly gave the visitors the led for the first time and Mantellato 's conversion sent the Robins in at half time with an 18-12 advantage . A minute before the interval the temperature was cranked up a notch when , out of the blue , Rovers Adam Walker launched a blatant punch at O'Brien and was sin-binned , along with the Bulls Adam Sidlow , who also gained a yellow card after following in with his version of justice . Less than a minute into the second half the Bulls gave notice that they were not finished when Danny Addy completed a stirring break from Alex Mellor to score and Shaw levelled matters . The home joy was short-lived as Kieran Dixon broke clear , only to be stopped by a superb tackle from Uaisele , but Graeme Horne then strode through the regrouping defence to edge Rovers in front again . Mantellato 's kick bounced back off of the upright and Bradford nearly responded when Uaisele crossed but the final pass was deemed forward . Sidlow and Addy went close and O'Brien was held up before the home crowd were up in arms again as Kevin Larroyer stole the ball from Addy in what looked to many like a two-man tackle and ran unopposed over 25 metres to score a controversial try . Still the Bulls were not finished as O'Brien put Lee Gaskell in for his 11th try of the season and Shaw closed the gap to just four points again . Three minutes later Lucas Walshaw crashed over after innovative work from Paul Clough , Addy and Gaskell and Shaw edged Bradford back in front . But three tries , all from Mantellato , in seven minutes finally quashed the brave Bulls ' hopes of an upset . Controversy reined once more as Mantellato gave Rovers the lead again , amid vociferous calls for a forward pass , but there was no doubt when the Italian international raced away for his hat-trick after Shaw fatally allowed a bomb-kick to bounce . Mantellato struck once more before John Boudebza helped raise the half century for Rovers on the hooter .