Frightened : Diana Doyle was plagued with cold calls . A firm linked to the sale of NHS patient data is offering details of eating disorder sufferers for just 12p a head , the Mail can reveal today . It has also offered to supply names of those suffering from stress , hair loss , dandruff , impotence and snoring . Even details of dieters and those who have had plastic surgery appear on the list of data for sale . The Mail has this week exposed companies that have secretly sold private financial and medical information without proper checks . Our investigation has revealed that : . The revelations have prompted probes by the Information Commissioner 's Office and the Direct Marketing Commission . A third investigation has been launched by the General Pharmaceutical council into Pharmacy2U , the UK 's biggest online pharmacy . The Mail revealed that Pharmacy2U had passed information on NHS patients to Alchemy Direct Media . The eating disorder data -- passed to the Mail by a whistleblower -- is being touted by a firm called Sequester , which is a business partner of Alchemy . Sequester is offering to sell information on people suffering from 43 different health conditions -- from skin problems to insomnia and migraines . It claims to be able to identify those who have had plastic surgery , who smoke , wear glasses or contact lenses or have sensitive teeth . It also appears to offer details of which credit cards people have and which banks they use , as well as whether they have wills or health insurance . Such data is a goldmine for unscrupulous firms and criminals -- who can use it to target vulnerable individuals and scam them over the phone . The whistleblower , who works in the data industry , said it was ` madness ' that so much personal information was available to him and he had passed it to the Mail because he was worried about who else might have access to it . He said : ` I am not registered with the regulators , I 'm just a man who has worked in the industry at some point -- and all this information is available to me . It 's absolute madness . ' The list of categories of data was contained in an email -- seen by the Mail -- from Sequester 's CEO Matthew Foy in which he described the information his firm was able to supply on its new database . At the top of the email , he writes : ` Please do not distribute this list . ' The whistleblower said : ` Imagine who else could get their hands on this . When I realised the level of information companies like Sequester have , that is when I knew how serious a problem this is . ` We give our private health and financial details to people we trust , it is not fair they end up in the hands of people we do n't . ' He said he had been sent databases containing records of thousands of people 's pensions , investments and intimate health details . Dr Sarah Wollaston , who was the Tory chairman of the Commons health committee , said ` it 's appalling ' One of those on Sequester 's arthritis database is Diana Doyle from Wandsworth in London , who says she is ` frightened ' her health details are being sold on . The grandmother , whose husband suffers from vascular dementia and is in a home , added : ` I 'm a very private person , I always say , `` No thank you '' when asked for my details . ` I 'm on my own at home now , so this is very frightening . ' She suspects her medical details were obtained from a survey she filled out in a catalogue . The 74-year-old has had to change her home phone number because she was getting so many nuisance calls . Dr Sarah Wollaston , who was the Tory chairman of the Commons health committee , last night said : ` It is appalling that this kind of deeply personal and sensitive information is being traded . It is deeply worrying . ' When approached by the Mail , bosses at Sequester , which describes itself as a data controller , claimed they had never actually distributed any information on eating disorders or any of the other sensitive health information advertised in the email . Chief executive Mr Foy said the company did not hold such information and that his email had simply been saying that ` this list is available on the market , that we could find it for a client ' . ` That does not necessarily mean it is available for release , ' he said . Watchdog will probe ` rogue ' data firms who sold Mail 's undercover reporters the financial data of 15,000 people . By Lucy Osborne . Two firms exposed by the Daily Mail as selling private information are to be probed by the industry watchdog . B2C Data sold our undercover reporters the financial data of 15,000 people -- including details about their pension pots , incomes and investments . The second firm -- Data Bubble -- supplied our team with health details on 3,000 patients -- such as whether they suffered from high blood pressure , arthritis or even bladder problems . The Direct Marketing Commission said it would probe both companies over claims that they had breached the rules on the sale of private data . It confirmed it was ` formally investigating two companies following allegations in the Daily Mail that personal data was shared inappropriately and without the consent of users ' . George Kidd , the chief commissioner , said : ` The allegations in the Daily Mail are serious . People must be able to trust those with whom they share their data . We will look carefully at the roles and conduct of these two companies and advise the Direct Marketing Association on our findings quickly . ' The firms are already at the centre of a major probe by the Information Commissioner 's Office , which said the sale of such details was ` on the face of it , a very serious breach of the Data Protection Act ' . In meetings covertly filmed by our reporters , bosses at B2C Data were seen boasting of how they held thousands of details on every family in Britain . One , Gareth Doran , boasted : ` We know what clothes they buy , what health products they buy , where they go on holiday , how many times they go on holiday , what income they 've got , whether they have children . ' Data Bubble bosses offered to provide our reporters with the names of people with ` different ailments ' for around 16p each . When asked how the information was obtained , the firm 's owner , hypnotherapist Joanne Clayton , said : ` It could be people who bought mobility products from a catalogue ... or even if they 've been on holiday and they 've ticked to say that they are needing help on the flight with regards to that , we can then identify that they actually have problems with mobility . ' Both companies sold the records despite not carrying out checks on the Mail 's bogus cold calling firm . Had they done so they would have quickly discovered it was simply a website and was not registered or regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority . The announcement follows calls -- led by David Cameron -- for a clampdown on companies found guilty of selling personal data without consent . The Prime Minister suggested on Monday night that the law would be tightened if loopholes were being exploited by unscrupulous cold callers .