Reality TV star and singer Lil ' Chris who died last month was found hanging at his home by a friend , the inquest into his death has been told . The 24-year-old pop star , whose real name was Chris Hardman , died on March 23 in his hometown of Lowestoft after a long battle with depression . Suffolk coroner Peter Dean today told the inquest that Mr Hardman 's that friend AJ Sutton later identified the body . Scroll down for video . Suffolk coroner Peter Dean told an inquest into the death of signer Chris Hardman , aka Lil Chris -LRB- left and right -RRB- , that a friend found his body hanged at his home in Lowestoft on March 23 . He said that paramedics and police were called to his home in Union Road , Lowestoft , that morning and death was confirmed at 11.48 am . He added : ` He had been found at his home by a friend . Emergency services were called but attempts at resuscitation failed . ' In a previous statement Mr Hardman 's family said he had been fighting a long battle with depression , and was determined to find a cure . Pathologist Richard Ball confirmed the cause of death as hanging . Dr Dean said : ` I would like to offer my thoughts and condolences to the family , friends and all those close to him for their loss . ' Speaking soon after his death , Mr Hardman 's family said he was ` a huge personality who will be missed by everyone who knew him ' . In a statement , they added : ` Chris had struggled with mental health issues and depression in recent years . ` He was committed to helping others find better ways of overcoming this illness and publicly said he wished to find a cure . ` Despite this , his concern was always his family and his friends , whose happiness was his priority . ' Mr Hardman shot to fame in Channel 4 's Rock School after Kiss frontman Gene Simmons made him the lead singer of a student band . He was later offered a solo deal and went on to have a top five hit with Checkin ' It Out in 2006 . A previous statement by Mr Hardman 's family described him as ` hugely creative ' , adding : ` If he was n't bringing joy through music he was telling jokes or pulling pranks . ` He was the sunshine on a rainy day , and could make friends the minute he walked into a room , making everyone smile with his gorgeous , cheeky face . ` A real people person , he would always take the time to stop and talk , no matter who or when , and we are proud that he was so well thought of by all who knew him . Mr Hardman -LRB- pictured front -RRB- shot to fame after featuring on Kiss frontman Gene Simmons ' show School of Rock , before landing a solo recording deal . Following news of Mr Hardman 's death , Simmonds ' posted this message of condolence , while McBusted singer Harry Judd described him as a ` little star . ` So many commented on what a lovely , well brought up person he was , so polite and kind and a pleasure to know . ' Samaritans deputy chief executive Fiona Malcolm said : ` If anyone has been affected by this news , or is struggling to cope , we would like to let people know that Samaritans is here for them if they need to talk . ' The inquest was opened and then adjourned until July 28 .