Bentley Motors ' top designer criticized Ford 's new Lincoln Continental on Facebook and called the model that was unveiled this week at the New York auto show a ` copy ' . Bentley design chief Luc Donckerwolke apparently thought the new Lincoln Continental luxury saloon shared too many similarities with the Bentley Flying Spur . The side windows of the vehicles look similar and both models have chrome trim around their windows and rears . Scroll down for video . Bentley Motors ' top designer criticized Ford 's Lincoln Continental on Facebook -LRB- above -RRB- , calling it a ` copy ' Luc Donckerwolke thought the Continental shared too many similarities with the Bentley Flying Spur -LRB- above -RRB- . Ford is reviving the Lincoln Continental as its top-of-the-line luxury saloon to rebuild the brand 's image . Donckerwolke posted a comment on Lincoln designer David Woodhouses ' Facebook page that was subsequently deleted , the Automotive News reported , . He wrote : ` Do you want us to send the product tooling ? ' The designer elaborated to Car and Driver . Donckerwolke added : ` This behavior is not respectable . ` Building a copy like this is giving a bad name to the car design world . ' Price : TBD -LRB- $ 100,000 is estimate -RRB- . Engine : 3.0-liter V6 EcoBoost . Horsepower : 440 . Transmission : Six-speed . Four-wheel drive : Yes . Source : Ford Cars Reviews . Price : $ 197,825 . Engine : 4.0-liter twin-turbo V-8 . Horsepower : 500 . Transmission : Eight-speed . Four-wheel drive : Yes . Source : Car and Driver . Lincoln spokesman Stephane Cesareo dismissed the Bentley designer 's criticism . Cesareo told Reuters : ` The Lincoln Continental is clearly a Lincoln , we 're very proud of it . ' A spokesman for Bentley sought to vindicate Donckerwolke 's views . In a statement released Wednesday , Bentley wrote : ` Car design is always an emotive subject and one of the reasons so many of us love cars . ` Our designers have strong views and are passionate about what they do , which drives them to create such extraordinary cars . ' Donckerwolke posted a comment on Lincoln designer David Woodhouses ' Facebook but it 's been deleted . A Lincoln spokesman dismissed the Bentley designer 's criticism and said the model ` is clearly a Lincoln ' Volkswagen-owned Bentley has had a Continental in its lineup since 1984 and Ford retired the name in 2002 . The Flying Spur sells for around $ 200,000 . General Motors president Dan Ammann weighed in on the spat on Wednesday , the Wall Street Journal reported . Ammann told reporters he ` liked the Bentley designer 's comment . ' Ford is reviving the Lincoln Continental as its top-of-the-line luxury saloon as part of an effort to rebuild the brand 's image in the United States and China . Volkswagen-owned Bentley has had a Continental in its lineup since 1984 , while Ford retired the Continental name in 2002 . The price of the new Continental has yet to be announced , but it 's estimated it could cost up to $ 100,000 . The Flying Spur sells for about $ 200,000 and has a 4-liter twin-turbo V-8 engine and eight-speed transmission .