Women are undervaluing themselves and asking for less pay than they should -- widening the gender pay gap , it is claimed . Research found that women applying for jobs through recruitment agencies remain coy about asking for asking a decent wage package . A study found women routinely ask for £ 4,000 less for a typical job , but that this widens to up to £ 10,000 less in more senior industries such as accountancy . Gender gap widening : A study found women routinely ask for £ 4,000 less for a typical job , but that this widens to up to £ 10,000 less in more senior industries such as accountancy . On average , women ask for almost a fifth less than men , rising to nearly a third less in some financial sectors . Not only do they ask for less than their male colleagues , but they are also asking for below what they could typically expect to earn in their industry . New research from Reed.co.uk found that female applicants state their ` anticipated salary ' as £ 19,900 , on average , while men asked for £ 23,800 . Expected salaries varied by industry with women asking for 29 per cent less than men in accountancy , 22 per cent less in banking , 21 per cent less in the energy sector and 18 per cent lower in education . A qualified male accountant expected to earn £ 47,000 in their next role compared to just £ 36,400 for women with the same experience . The gender gap narrowed in the manufacturing industry and the legal sector to just 9 per cent . And in the IT and security industry , women actually asked for higher pay , albeit just 2 per cent more -- reversing the trend . The findings were released to coincide with Equal Pay Day today , to raise awareness of the gender pay gap . East Anglia and the East Midlands had the largest gender difference in expected salaries , while North West England had the smallest . Lynn Cahillane , of UK jobs website Reed , said : ` Our latest research shows a major difference in the pay expectations of men and women . ` Whatever your gender , it 's important to never undervalue your worth at work , so if you 're thinking about looking for a new job . Selling themselves short : East Anglia and the East Midlands had the largest gender difference in expected salaries , while North West England had the smallest , according to the research from Reed.co.uk . ` If you 're happy in your current job but feel you 're not getting paid enough , then it 's time to take on one of the tougher tasks we all face whilst in employment -- negotiating a pay rise . ' The study also showed ` a stark contrast ' between what women expect to get paid and what 's actually on offer . Using the website 's ` average salary checker ' tool , Reed.co.uk found many female applicants asked for less than their industry 's average . Women on Boards -LRB- WoB -RRB- said that female workers were kept in the dark about what their male colleagues were earning , making it hard to know how much to request . Fiona Hathorn , of WoB -- which campaigns for more women in the boardroom -- said : ` I think it is unrealistic to suggest that women are expecting less when pay levels are often not transparent in organisations . ` I believe it is the responsibility of the company , not the employees , to make than men and women are paid same . ` Research has also shown that women need to be very careful about asking for more money . ` Stereotypical unconscious biases are alive and kicking in the UK which means that women who ask for pay rises are often negatively treated thereafter , having been viewed as aggressive . ` Men on the other hand are not only expected but encouraged to challenge pay and opportunities . '