Masters champion Jordan Spieth is back to work this week at the RBC Heritage Classic after two days celebrating his victory at Augusta National and being showered with attention . Spieth arrived at Sea Pines Resort late Tuesday night after a media whirlwind in New York since tying Tiger Woods ' Masters record of 18-under 270 to capture the green jacket . The 21-year-old said it was a dizzying stretch with 26 appearances and interviews in 25 hours . ` It was a little crazy in New York having paparazzi know where we were going to eat dinner even though we never told anybody , ' Spieth said Wednesday . Spieth does n't believe the success will change him . In fact , he said he upheld his commitment to the RBC Heritage in part to chase down Rory McIlroy for world No. 1 . ` I would n't come to a tournament just to come to a tournament , especially with that goal still in mind , ' said Spieth , who moved to No. 2 in the world rankings with the Masters ' win . Jordan Spieth returns to golf just days after winning the Masters and will play in the RBC Heritage Classic . Spieth has had two victories and two runner-up finishes in his past four events . He would have liked to have had his normal pre-tournament preparations at Harbour Town Golf Links . Instead , he 'll go into his first-round tee time Thursday not having played a hole of practice on the tricky , Pete Dye-designed layout . ` I 'm sure Jordan 's wiped , ' said Kevin Streelman , the Par-3 contest winner at Augusta National last week who finished tied for 12th behind Spieth . ` But he 's 21 years old , he can handle it . ' Spieth has had success here the previous two years , finishing ninth in 2013 and 12th last year . The RBC Heritage gave him an invite two years ago when Spieth was a rising , yet largely unknown 19 - year-old trying to make his way on tour . The top-10 finish , Spieth said , helped his confidence and status on the PGA Tour . ` This tournament helped with job security , ' Spieth said . ` So it 's a tournament that 's close to me and I love it here . ' The 21-year-old was in formidable form at Augusta and equaled Tiger Woods ' tournament birdie record . Most Masters champions - and many of the game 's best players - take the next week off after a pressure-packed week at Augusta National . Spieth heads a group of five ranked in the top 20 of the world -LRB- No. 10 Jim Furyk , No. 14 Patrick Reed , No. 17 Matt Kuchar and No. 19 Billy Horschel are the others -RRB- to compete this week . Streelman enjoys playing right after a major , knowing his game is honed in and peaking after a Grand Slam event . ` Your game is really primed and amped up , ' he said . ` I 'm very prepared . ' Kuchar is the tournament 's defending champion , holing out from a green-side bunker on the 72nd hole to defeat Luke Donald by a stroke . Spieth 's success has him atop the FedEx Cup standings , the youngest player ever to lead that category . Spieth celebrates after putting the winning hole and winning the Masters at such a young age . There have only been two Masters winners the past 15 years to follow up their victories by playing Harbour Town . Vijay Singh tied for third here in 2000 a week after winning the Masters while Zach Johnson was sixth in 2007 . Only Bernhard Langer is 1985 followed a Masters victory with a triumph a week later at the RBC Heritage . Spieth believes he 'll be the same driven , focused competitor he 's always been after winning the major he dreamed of as a child . That might be difficult after this week 's spotlight . Spieth got congratulatory Tweets from stars like Oklahoma City 's Kevin Durant and about 200 texts and emails since the victory . ` Given some time , that will subside a little bit , ' he said . What wo n't ease up , Spieth said , is his desire to achieve the very best in golf , a quest that continues at Harbour Town . ` I was very much looking forward to getting back here , getting on solid ground and taking a deep breath , ' Spieth said . ` I 'm really looking forward to this week . '