A second ice cream company has recalled all of its products after health officials found listeria in a sample of its frozen treats . Jeni 's Splendid Ice Creams of Ohio said on its website on Thursday that it is recalling its frozen products after the listeria discovery . In an online statement , Jeni 's said it is taking the voluntary precautionary measure in order to ensure complete consumer safety . The company is recalling its ice creams , frozen yogurts , sorbets , and ice cream sandwiches and closing retail stores until its products are ` ensured to be 100 per cent safe ' . Scroll down for video . Jeni 's Splendid Ice Creams of Ohio announced on Thursday that it has initiated a voluntary recall of all of its ice creams , frozen yogurts , sorbets and ice cream sandwiches . In an online statement on their website , the company wrote it is ceasing all sales and closing all scoop shops until all products are ensured to be 100 per cent safe . Half of Jeni 's shops are in Columbus , others are listed in Atlanta ; Chicago ; Charleston , South Carolina ; Cleveland ; Los Angeles ; and Nashville , Tennessee . The Nebraska Department of Agriculture found the listeria in a sample of Jeni 's ice cream it had randomly collected at a Whole Foods in Lincoln , Nebraska . ` We will be working with our suppliers to determine if the bacteria was introduced by one of the ingredients we use , ' John Lowe , the company 's CEO said in a statement . ` We will not reopen the kitchen until we can ensure the safety of our customers . ' Jeni 's said the recalled ice cream was distributed in the United States to retail outlets , including food service and grocery stores , as well as online at jenis.com . On Facebook , the company wrote that they are taking this precautionary measure in order to ensure complete consumer safety . The recall includes all products bearing the brand name ` Jeni 's . ' The action follows a similar recall by Texas-based Blue Bell Creameries on Monday night . Blue Bell 's ice cream was linked to ten listeria illnesses in four states , including three deaths , and listeria was found in several of the company 's products . The company is the third largest ice cream manufacturer in the US and sells its products in 23 states . It said it ` ca n't say with certainty ' how the bacteria was introduced to the manufacturing line , Blue Bell 's chief executive Paul Kruse said in a statement . ` We 're committed to doing the 100 percent right thing , and the best way to do that is to take all of our products off the market until we can be confident that they are all safe , ' Kruse said . On Monday , Texas-based Blue Bell creameries issued a voluntary recall for all of its products on the market on Monday night after two samples of chocolate chip cookie dough ice cream tested positive for listeriosis . Just last month the family-owned creamery issued its first recall in its 108-year history after the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention linked ice cream contaminated with listeriosis to three deaths at a Kansas hospital . Five others in Kansas and Texas were sickened with the disease . The foodborne illness was tracked to a production line in Brenham , Texas , and later to a second line in Broken Arrow , Oklahoma . The recalls are uncommon : listeria is n't usually found in ice cream , since the bacteria ca n't grow at freezing temperatures . A spokesman for the Food and Drug Administration said the agency has no evidence , for now , that the listeria found in Jeni 's ice cream and the listeria found in Blue Bell ice cream are connected . ` At this time , the FDA does not believe that the finding of listeria in one sample of Jeni 's Splendid Ice Creams is related to the outbreak and recall associated with Blue Bell Ice Cream , ' said spokesman Jeff Ventura . ` We are continuing to investigate both situations and will provide updated information to consumers as we learn more . ' The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said there are no known illnesses linked to Jeni 's products . Listeria generally only affects the elderly , people with compromised immune systems , pregnant women and their newborn infants . Also on Thursday , Blue Bell Creameries said it will close its facilities in Texas , Oklahoma and Alabama for intensive cleaning . The creameries will be closed next week and possibly into the following week . The FDA said it still has open investigations in all three plants and will evaluate Blue Bell 's progress in removing listeria from the plant and its products . Blue Bell did produce some ice cream in its plants this week , but that product will be used for testing and data gathering and wo n't be sold to the public , the company said . Listeria generally only affects the elderly , people with compromised immune systems , pregnant women and their newborn infants . It can cause fever , muscle aches and gastrointestinal symptoms . The worst cases are fatal . The bacteria is found in soil and water that can be tracked into a facility or carried by animals . It can be very difficult to get rid of once it contaminates a processing facility , partly because it grows well in refrigeration . It is commonly found in processed meats , unpasteurized cheeses and unpasteurized milk , and it is sometimes found in other foods as well -- listeria in cantaloupes was linked to 30 deaths in a 2011 outbreak . What is Listeria ? Listeria is a hardy bacteria found in soil and water that can be tracked into a plant or carried by animals . It can be very difficult to get rid of once it contaminates a processing facility , partly because it grows well in refrigeration . It is commonly found in processed meats , unpasteurized cheeses and unpasteurized milk , and it is sometimes found in other foods as well -- listeria in cantaloupes was linked to 30 deaths in a 2011 outbreak . It is less well-known than other pathogens like salmonella and E. coli , which cause many more illnesses in tainted food every year . But one in five people who get sick from listeria can die . The people who get sick from listeria are often already weaker and more vulnerable to disease . What are the symptoms ? When a person contracts the disease , it can cause fever , muscle aches , gastrointestinal symptoms and even death . Am I at risk ? Listeria generally only affects the elderly , people with compromised immune systems and pregnant women . It can cause miscarriage , stillbirth and premature labor for women and serious illness or death in newborn babies . Healthy , younger adults and most children can consume listeria with no ill effects or only mild illness . How can I protect against listeria ? In the case of the ice cream and hummus recalls , there is nothing you can do to prevent it -- just throw away the food if you learn it has been recalled . With fruit , scrubbing is never a bad idea , but it may not rid produce of all contaminants . In the case of the cantaloupe , the listeria likely hid on the fruit 's thick , rough skin . Health officials think people may have been sickened when people cut into their cantaloupes , bringing listeria on the outside of the fruit to the inside . Always clean surfaces that come into contact with food with hot , soapy water . The government says the listeria bacteria can be killed by heating food to 165 degrees Fahrenheit or until it is steaming hot just before serving it . Source : Associated Press .