Poppy Smart complained to police after accusing builders of sexual harassment for wolf-whistling . When Poppy Smart was wolf-whistled at by builders on her walk to work , she at first tried to ignore it . But as the whistles and accompanying sexist comments turned into a daily ritual , the 23-year-old began to get upset . Finally , after a month of unwanted attention from the men on the building site , the marketing co-ordinator decided she 'd had enough -- and called the police . Miss Smart , who recorded the constant whistling using her smartphone 's video function , also contacted one of the construction companies working at the site to complain of sexual harassment . She compared the wolf-whistling to racial discrimination and said it made her walk to work in Worcester city centre an ` awful experience ' . One of the workers even approached her on the pavement , blocking her way , before saying ` Morning love ' after she had ignored a cacophony of whistling , Miss Smart said . ` He was probably 18 or 19 and got right in my face , standing next to an older man . He did n't touch me but they were in my personal space in the pavement , in my way , even though I literally blanked him . It is incredibly intimidating . I 'm quite a nervous person and this has made my anxiety worse . ` The whistling went on for a month . I eventually contacted the building company and the police on the same day when it got so bad . I even considered changing my route to work but thought , ` Why should I do that ? ' West Mercia police confirmed they had followed up Miss Smart 's complaint as a possible incident of anti-social behaviour but had not taken further action . A spokesman said : ` After consultation with the woman who reported the behaviour it was decided that the employers would deal with those said to be responsible . ' Although wolf-whistling is not a specific offence , workmen who repeatedly make obscene comments to passers-by could be convicted of a breach of the peace . Miss Smart , from Worcester , was first whistled at in the middle of February when she started a new job . Ms Smart recorded one of the occasions she walked past the building site . There is no suggestion any of the men pictured in the mobile phone footage -LRB- shown left and right -RRB- were involved in the alleged wolf-whistling . The builders concerned were working on the expansion of the Bolero restaurant . Miss Smart said she had not seen the men responsible since she complained to the building company , Fimeca . The firm 's boss was ` shocked and annoyed ' at his staff 's behaviour and asked her to contact him if there was a repeat , she said . Fimeca Building and Maintenance , of Pershore , Worcestershire , said the matter was being dealt with by the firm 's solicitors but refused to comment further . Miss Smart said she had been targeted on other occasions in Worcester , not just near the building site . The building yard in Worcester where Ms Smart alleges workman wolf-whistled at her while on her way to work . ` Disrespectful ' : The 23-year-old marketing co-ordinator -LRB- pictured -RRB- claimed builders at a construction site wolf-whistled at her every morning as she walked to work in Worcester city centre . ` Men will lean out of their cars or vans and shout comments about my appearance or whistle and I have seen this happen to others as well . I do n't think such comments , even if they are considered complimentary by the perpetrators , are appropriate . It makes walking through town an awful experience . ' In 2012 , David Cameron insisted wolf-whistling would not be made illegal in Britain despite signing the UK up to the Council of Europe 's convention on violence against women , which pledges to outlaw ` verbal , non-verbal or physical ' sexual harassment . At the time , Mr Cameron 's official spokesman said : ` We have harassment laws in this country . We are not proposing to criminalise wolf-whistling . ' Sarah Green , of the End Violence Against Women Coalition , said wolf-whistling represented ` everyday sexism ' which should be stamped out . ` Sexual harassment in the street is too often regarded as trivial when the reality is that many women feel humiliated , insulted and sometimes intimidated by it , ' she said . ` Men who respect women do not do it . ' Wolf-whistles , which originated among sailors , have now been banned by a number of building firms . Ms Smart -LRB- left -RRB- said she was regularly wolf-whistled at while walking past a building site -LRB- right -RRB- on her way to work .