A nine-year-old boy has died in hospital from injuries sustained in a horrific car crash that also killed his eight-year-old sister . Piper and William Kulk were involved in a fatal two-car collision on New South Wales ' Central Coast at about 5.15 pm on Saturday . Police said Piper died in hospital on Sunday morning , while her brother died later that evening . They were travelling with their mother , Chantelle Boddy , 31 , grandmother Helen Boddy , 54 , and elder brother Daniel , 12 , when it is believed their Holden Astra aqua-planed , spun out of control and ended up on the other side of the road . All three siblings were sitting in the back of the car when the wet weather accident occurred . A relative told the Daily Telegraph : ` We 're just devastated . ' The eight-year-old girl who died in a horrific accident near Doyalson in NSW Central Coast has been identified as Piper Kulk -LRB- pictured -RRB- . She was travelling with her two brothers William -LRB- left -RRB- and Daniel -LRB- centre -RRB- , her mother and grandmother when the accident happened . The incident also left passengers in the ute that collided with the Astra on Wyee Road near Doyalson with severe injuries . Warwick Milham arrived at the scene after hearing his wife , Glenda , and daughter , Michelle , were involved in the crash . Glenda suffered a fractured neck while Michelle had broken bones . ` It was a horrendous scene . I would n't wish it upon anybody , ' Mr Milham told 9News . With the crash claiming William 's life , the national Easter long weekend death toll now stands at 16 . Warwick Milham -LRB- pictured -RRB- got the call his wife and daughter had both been injured in the crash when they hit a Holden Astra . Glenda Milham -LRB- left -RRB- suffered a fractured neck , while daughter , Michelle -LRB- right -RRB- , had broken bones . In pictures , eight-year-old Piper appears to be a happy child , smiling in her blue and white school uniform . The seven people involved in the crash were all trapped in the wreckage before being released from the two vehicles by emergency services . The two boys , Daniel and William , were airlifted to The Children 's Hospital at Westmead and William later succumbed to his injuries . Daniel is now in a stable condition . The 54-year-old woman was the driver of the car , with their mother Chantelle was in the front-seat passenger . Heavy rain caused a car containing two adults and three children to spin out of control , colliding with a ute -LRB- pictured -RRB- . The seven people involved in the crash , which happened about 5.15 pm on Saturday , were all trapped in the wreckage before being released from the two vehicles by emergency services . A 32-year-old woman was driving the ute , with a 61-year-old woman in the front-passenger seat . All women sustained fractures in the crash and were taken to John Hunter Hospital . They are reported to be in a stable condition . Wyee Road was closed for seven hours while Crash Investigation Unit police examined the scene . ` When you get behind the wheel you accept the risks that go with it and that includes the real possibility you will change your family 's life or that of another family forever . ' ` As wet weather is expected to continue across the remainder of Easter -- I am urging all road users to slow down , adjust to the conditions and leave more room than usual between your vehicle and the one in front of you , ' Assistant Commissioner Hartley said . The crash follows the death of a two-year-old girl on Friday when a ute rolled over in South Australia . A 33-year-old man died in another rollover incident in Western Australia the same day . A couple and their two young children also narrowly avoided an Easter tragedy after a head-on crash with an allegedly drunk driver in NSW 's Hawkesbury region . A 29-year-old Stanhope Gardens man was travelling with his wife , two-year-old son and one-month-old daughter , when the crash happened in Webb 's Creek on Friday afternoon . All four were uninjured , but all the airbags in the car deployed in the crash . The driver of the second car , a 54-year-old Lower Portland man who was also not hurt , returned a positive reading of 0.120 . The man was later charged with mid-range drink-driving and driving an unregistered vehicle . He was issued a field court attendance notice to appear before Windsor Local Court on May 14 . Piper died on Sunday morning , while her brother William died later that night . All women sustained fractures in the crash and were taken to John Hunter Hospital . They are reported to be in a stable condition .