Raheem Sterling arrived at Liverpool 's Melwood base for training on Wednesday after the latest twist to his controversy-ridden season . Sterling has escaped a club punishment after being caught on video inhaling the legal high nitrous oxide , but fresh pictures have emerged of him holding a shisha pipe , this time alongside young team-mate Jordon Ibe . Sterling , 20 , and Ibe , 19 , were pictured during what is believed to be a visit to a shisha cafe in London earlier this season . The teenager was spotted arriving at Melwood on Wednesday just seconds after Sterling . Ibe was driving a black Range Rover while Sterling arrived in a white version of the same model . Liverpool forward Raheem Sterling pictured arriving at training on Wednesday morning . Sterling arrived at Melwood in a white Range Rover after fresh pictures emerged of him with a shisha pipe . Jordon Ibe at Melwood on Wednesday after he was also pictured alongside Sterling holding a shisha . Sterling is expected to meet Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers on Thursday and he will be reminded of his professional responsibilities and warned about the consequences of taking a drug that has been called ` hippy crack ' . Rodgers questioned Sterling 's professionalism on Monday after footage emerged of the 20-year-old unconscious in his house in Southport having taken nitrous oxide with two unnamed friends . Liverpool players Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe have been pictured smoking a shisha pipe . This is the second time Sterling has been pictured smoking from a shisha pipe in the past few days . Shisha is a water pipe in which flavoured tobacco is roasted with charcoal . The tobacco smoke passes through a water chamber and is inhaled deeply and slowly . The flavoured tobacco smells sweet , making it an enjoyable and relaxing experience , according to enthusiasts . Despite the smoke passing through water , all the risks of smoking a regular cigarette are present -- including respiratory and heart diseases , as well as cancer . During an hour-long Shisha smoking session , it has been estimated the smoke inhaled is the equivalent of between 100 and 200 cigarettes . It has been a chastening week for Sterling . Pictures were published on Sunday of him smoking a shisha pipe and then a different set of images surfaced on Tuesday of Sterling and Ibe . Casually dressed , the pair are sat on a sofa in front of a table with shisha pipes , cans of fizzy Fanta orange and a portable music speaker . Ibe , wearing a red hoodie and ripped black jeans , is pictured holding a shisha pipe . He is sitting next to Sterling , who is wearing a tight white v-neck t-shirt and blue jeans , on the sofa . The pair can be seen smiling and joking as they hold on to the pipes in the bar . The pictures are believed to have been taken last September . Liverpool offered no comment on those photos . The club maintain the matter will be dealt with internally but he is not going to be fined . Sterling enraged Liverpool after saying in a BBC interview that he was ` flattered ' to be linked with Arsenal . It is understood , however , that Arsenal have gone cold on Sterling , who scored in Liverpool 's 2-0 win over Newcastle on Monday . All talks about his future have been put on hold until the end of the campaign but Ian Ayre , Liverpool 's chief executive , issued a strong line yesterday , insisting that Sterling -- who has turned down a contract in the region of £ 100,000 per week -- would be at Anfield for a ` long time ' . Ayre said : ` Raheem 's agent has asked that we park all discussions regarding his future until the summer . We respect that . Raheem is a Liverpool player and has two years left on his contract . We expect Raheem Sterling to be here for a long time . ' It appears that Sterling and Ibe each have a shisha pipe and are also drinking Fanta . Sterling was pictured on social media smoking a shisha pipe in a story published over the weekend . Sterling was also filmed apparently inhaling nitrous oxide - known as ` hippy crack ' Shisha pipes are used to smoke fruit-flavoured tobacco , which is burned on hot coals , through a long tube . They are commonly used in the Middle East . It is said that one single shisha session is equal to smoking around 200 cigarettes , which calls into question the professionalism of any athlete using the pipe . The British Heart Foundation website it clearly states : ` Like cigarettes -LSB- shisha -RSB- contains nicotine , tar , carbon monoxide and heavy metals , such as arsenic and lead . ' Sterling , who has 14 caps for England , was pictured on a social media site with the picture captioned ` 1 down 3 to go ' , suggesting he did not just take a single drag on the pipe . Sterling celebrates after scoring Liverpool 's opening goal in Monday night 's 2-0 win over Newcastle United . Sterling celebrates with Ibe after scoring in Monday night 's Premier League match at Anfield . Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers was due to speak to Sterling to remind him of his responsibilities .