Roberto Carlos has revealed his desire to one day become manager of Brazil and the former Real Madrid defender claims he finds coaching ` very easy ' after the pressures he faced as a player . The 42-year-old , a World Cup winner in 2002 , has already worked on the sidelines in Turkey with Sivasspor and Akhisar Belediyespor . He guided Sivasspor to sixth place in the 2013-14 Turkish Super Lig but departed in December after a poor start the following year . Roberto Carlos claims to find coaching ` easy ' and is targeting becoming the manager of Brazil . As a player with Brazil , Carlos -LRB- right -RRB- won the 2002 World Cup held in Japan and South Korea . Carlos -LRB- second left -RRB- celebrates winning the Champions League in 2000 by beating Valencia 3-0 in the final . Despite that , Carlos has not had his confidence shaken and aims to eventually lead Brazil . ` My objective is to coach the national team , ' Carlos said to Folha de Sao Paulo . ` I know I have a long way to go yet and for that reason I wo n't put a timeframe on how long it will take . ` Everything I experienced in the national team was amazing . I was there for 14 years and won several titles : the Copa America , Confederations Cup and the World Cup . ' Carlos added that he learnt something from all the managers he worked under as a player , including the current England boss Roy Hodgson at Inter Milan , and thinks it could be why he finds coaching straightforward . Carlos -LRB- right -RRB- added that he has learnt a lot from the managers he worked for as a player . Carlos played for a number of top coaches , such as England managers Fabio Capello -LRB- left -RRB- and Roy Hodgson . ` It 's very easy , ' he explained . ` I was well prepared by playing football and living under pressure . I spent my career at big clubs . ` I 've learned something from all the coaches I 've worked with : -LRB- Mario -RRB- Zagallo , -LRB- Carlos Alberto -RRB- Parreira , -LRB- Vicente -RRB- Del Bosque , -LRB- Fabio -RRB- Capello , -LRB- Luiz Felipe -RRB- Scolari and Roy Hodgson . '