A Massachusetts man was arrested after police found two homes full of bomb-making materials . Joseph T. Brennan Jr. of Norwell tried to hide from the cameras as he was arraigned from his hospital bed on Monday , pleading not guilty to possession of an infernal device . This after authorities searched the residences following an incident on Saturday night in which Brennan accidentally blew up his car while smoking a cigarette and police discovered ` various bomb-making components . ' Scroll down for video . Joseph T. Brennan Jr. -LRB- above -RRB- of Norwell , Massachusetts was found with a home full of bomb-making materials . Police searched the home after an incident Saturday night where Brennan blew up his car -LRB- above -RRB- while smoking a cigarette near gun powder . ` I 'm an idiot . I lit a cigarette with the gunpowder in the front seat , ' Brennan said in the police report according to the Boston Herald . The blast left the man with minor injuries and he was admitted to Brigham and Women 's Hospital in Boston . Brennan , with singed eyebrows and bandaged hands , said he did not want to be on `` TV '' as he was being arraigned Monday afternoon , trying to hide his face and singed eyebrows with a towel . In addition to Brennan 's home in Norwell , the condo of Benjamin Young in Hingham was also found to be full of bomb-making devices . Police have not revealed at this time the relationship between the two men . Hazardous materials team responded to both locations and were able to remove and safely detonate some of the materials . Authorities do not believe the two men had any ties to terrorism . Brennan , who called himself an ` idiot ' after blowing up his car , was arraigned from his hospital bed on Monday . Police searched the car Saturday night and seized 14 different substances . Just last month , Brennan posted a video to his Facebook page that showed what he claimed was rocket propellant being used to melt snow . He wrote ; ` When people say it 's not rocket science I get disappointed here 's a variation of solid rocket propellant used in the retired space shuttles solid rocket boosters I think I 'm in the wrong profession . ' A witness to Saturday 's car accident told police they heard a loud explosion and saw Brennan laying on the road as his car rolled towards a guardrail . Brennan then got up and gathered some materials and put them in his trunk according to the witness . Police searched the vehicle after noticing how burned Brennan was , and according to the police report he told officers on the scene when they found the materials ; ` I got them from a friend to fu * k around with . I was n't going to do anything malicious . ' ABC 5 reports that among the substances found in the car were potassium permanganate , hydrogen peroxide and acetone and containers full of sodium chlorate , picric acid and sulfur . Brennan , 36 , will be charged with possession of a destructive device , and one part possession of components capable of making a component device , while Young , 27 , is facing charges for being in possession of illegal possession of bomb-making materials . No members of the public were ever in danger according to police and it does not appear that these materials were intended to be used to hurt any individuals .