Tamara Pacskowska , who posed as a wealthy pensioner to try and sell a £ 1million Bayswater mews house from under the owner 's nose . A Polish conwoman who posed as a wealthy pensioner to try and sell a £ 1million house from under the owner 's nose wept as she avoided jail today . Tamara Pacskowska pretended to be 76-year-old Georgina Bagnall-Oakley at meetings with estate agents and solicitors in November last year over sale of the home in Bayswater , West London . The 56-year-old , from Croydon , South London , could not speak English and took her daughter-in-law Monika Brzezinska , 34 , along with her on the visits to help her translate . The fraudsters were eventually caught out in a solicitors office while they were on the cusp of completing the sale of the house to fellow conman , 26-year-old Benjamin Khoury , . Today at Southwark Crown Court , Pacskowska sobbed as she was given a community order and made to pay costs after previously admitting fraud . Mother-of-three Brzezinska , who also wept throughout the hearing , and Khoury , were also spared jail after they too admitted a fraud charge . Brzezinska thanked the judge after the sentence was passed while Khoury grinned in the dock . Pacskowska used a fake driving licence and passport bearing her photograph and Mrs Bagnall-Oakeley 's name and details in the scam . She claims she was offered £ 3,000 to pose as the owner of the property by a woman allegedly named Amisha Singh . Khoury , of German-Israeli heritage who lives in Hackney , east London , charged prospective buyers £ 50 to show them around the house and also had paperwork relating to the property in his bedroom . Mrs Bagnall-Oakley bought the property in Clarendon Mews in 1982 with her husband Hugo and it was transferred solely to her name in 2014 . She was renting it out at the time . The victim said she was left feeling ` vulnerable , apprehensive and anxious ' after she discovered someone had tried to steal her identity . In a statement to the court , she said : ` My initial reaction upon learning about the fraud was that of shock that this could so nearly have succeeded . ` My identity had been stolen and left me feeling vulnerable , apprehensive and anxious . ` I would not wish this on anyone in the future . ' Monkia Brzezinska , Pacskowska 's daughter-in-law , left , and Bejamin Khoury , who also admitted fraud , also escaped jail . Prosecutor Peter Zinner described the scam as an ` audacious and sophisticated ' attempt to steal the property , valued at about £ 950,000 . He said : ` In so adopting the sole owner 's identity , purported to be the vendor of the property and instructed solicitors to sell the property for that sum and it was only the subsequent intervention of the police just before completion of the sale that prevented the property from being sold from under the owner 's feet . ' All three defendants were sentenced to two years imprisonment suspended for two years , ordered to carry out unpaid work and pay £ 250 each towards prosecution costs . Judge Michael Grieve QC added : ` It 's not easy to establish your roles in these offences . ` One is left to wonder how there could ever have been a realistic prospect of Mrs Pacskowska , who is Polish and speaks little if any English , passing herself off as Georgina Bagnall-Oakeley to the satisfaction of a qualified solicitor . The £ 1million house in Clarendon Mews , Bayswater , which the group had tried to sell from under owner Georgina Bagnall-Oakley 's nose . ` Ms Brzezinska I can only conclude that your role was to support and interpret for your mother-in-law . ` It 's absolutely clear that there were others who lay behind this fraud who would have substantially benefitted from it and who used you to open yourselves up to high risk for relatively little reward . ` You took part willingly and for financial gain and provided photographs to be used on false driving licences and passports . ` Others played leading roles in this fraud which on one view was a very sophisticated property fraud . ` But your mission was doomed to failure . The victim said she was left feeling ` vulnerable , apprehensive and anxious ' after she discovered someone had tried to steal her identity to sell her home , pictured . ` There was an anonymous tip-off to the solicitors who alerted the police and officers then lay in wait for you in November . ' He added : ` The value of the sale and intended loss to the victim , a 76-year-old lady , is put at just short of £ 1million . ` An elderly lady stood to lose almost £ 1million through the theft of her property . ` She speaks of the vulnerability that the theft of another person 's identity can cause . '