A British policeman has been left paralysed from the waist down after breaking his neck while on holiday with his family . Luke Stanwick , 30 , is fighting for his life in a medically-induced coma and may never walk again after the ` horrendous ' accident in Portugal . The police officer from Hailsham , East Sussex , was on holiday with his wife Jenny and their two-year-old son , Nathan , when he broke his neck . Mrs Stanwick said : ` He is my rock , my hero and most of all the man I adore without question . PC Luke Stanwick , 30 , has been left paralysed from the waist down after breaking his neck while on holiday with his family , pictured with his two-year-old son Nathan . ` Luke is outgoing and fun to be around and makes me smile every day , even now in our darkest moment together . ` He will fight to the ends of the earth to recover as much as he physically can for both me and our son , as well as the rest of his family . ' He remains in hospital in the Portuguese capital , Lisbon , where he was put into a coma for extensive surgery . His father , Michael Stanwick , 62 , said it was too early to know whether Luke 's injuries will leave him permanently disabled . He said : ` Luke 's still in hospital , he 's suffered a broken neck . He 's undergone extensive surgery and he is now in the recovery ward . ` He 's undergoing physiotherapy treatment and he is on extensive pain relief . He 's able to move his arms now , but it 's early doors . A donation page , set up by close friend and former Metropolitan Police colleague Alison Cat , has collected more than £ 8,000 so far . ` There are very , very faint signs of recovery . We 're trying to get him to the appropriate facilities in this country but we do n't know what the damage to the nerve is . ` There is a significant language barrier so it 's quite an isolating experience but Luke is very fit , he 's a very fit young man and he and I go to the gym together . ` Hearing the news was the most devastating news , we are slowly coming to terms with it . ` It 's sad that these shocking things can happen right out of the blue . It brings too much pain to talk about . ' The police officer 's mother Stephanie Stanwick , 64 , who has a medical background , has flown from the UK to be by her son 's side . A donation page , set up by close friend and former Metropolitan Police colleague Alison Cat , has collected more than £ 8,000 so far . It reached a staggering £ 5,000 in the first day as colleagues at Sussex Police and officers all over the country rallied together using the hashtag £ MayTheForceBeWithU . Secretary of the Sussex Police Federation Mark White said : ` We were saddened to hear about Luke 's accident and have been doing our best to help him and his family . ` It is too early to say how this will affect him in the long run and we still live in hope that he make a full recovery . ` In the meantime , it is heart-warming to see the efforts which are already underway to raise funds to support Luke and his family . ' The Bullshire Police Federation , a website for the police community , shared the GoFundMe page and encouraged officers to help Luke on his road to recovery . On the post , Sean Board wrote : ` I worked on relief with Luke . You could n't wish to meet a more dedicated officer and family man . ` Come on guys let 's dig in and show him his extended family are here for him . ' Andrew Smith said : ` Luke worked for me on his arrival in the Met some time ago . A top guy , now is the time he and his family need our support however little people can spare . ' Kelly Campbell Jones added : ` Luke and Jen are such a lovely couple . This is a horrible situation but they have so much support and both have the determination to get through this . ` Hope the money helps on Luke 's road to recovery . ' Graeme McKee said : ` This is awful . I was at a job just a few weeks ago when Luke was a superb example of ` good cop ' . ` This guy is a gentleman and an example to us all . ' Donate at www.gofundme.com/maytheforcebewithu  .