North vs South - it 's perhaps the fiercest argument between the people of England and this week we 've started a fresh debate based on football . We have assembled two dream teams - one featuring players from the Premier League clubs in the South of England and the other featuring Northern-based stars . On Monday , Rob Draper revealed who he 'd select in the Southern XI and on Tuesday , Joe Bernstein did likewise for the North . We then sent the All-star teams to our friends at Football Manager , who have simulated the match . Here 's what happened ... So , now we know : the South has the edge over the North for footballing talent . Alexis Sanchez and Harry Kane were the heroes as the Southern All-Stars came out on top in our simulated clash between the Premier League 's best players from the North and South . Despite falling behind less than a minute into the game to a stunning finish from Sergio Aguero , who was supported up front by Wayne Rooney , the Southern XI were able to mount a fightback with a brace from Sanchez either side of Harry Kane 's second-half goal . SCROLL DOWN TO WATCH A VIDEO OF THE SIMULATED MATCH . Alexis Sanchez of Arsenal -LRB- left -RRB- starred in our simulated All-Star game , while Spurs striker Harry Kane -LRB- right -RRB- also scored in the match . Manchester City hotshot Sergio Aguero gave the Northern combined XI the lead after less than a minute , but his team were still beaten . The Southern All-Stars boasted Harry Kane up front while the Northern side was led by Sergio Aguero and Wayne Rooney . The Southerners saw less of the ball and created fewer chances but were more clinical in front of goal than the Northern All-Stars , who twice hit the woodwork . After Aguero 's early strike , the South battled back and went close through Morgan Schneiderlin and John Terry . Their pressure was rewarded when Sanchez linked up with Kane and buried his shot from inside the area . Kane added his name to the scoresheet in the second half with a well-taken finish following some lovely build-up play by Eden Hazard , Santi Cazorla and Schneiderlin . Sanchez then rounded off the victory with a clinical , powerful effort 20 minutes from time . The Northern team were made to rue missed opportunities after creating three clear-cut chances to the South 's two but did n't convert them . Arsenal 's Alexis Sanchez is the stand-out in Football Manager 's player ratings with 6.1 while Martin Skrtel was least effective for the North . The Northerners enjoyed marginally more possession than their rivals and won 13 corners but failed to kick on after Aguero 's opener . The Southerners ' manager Rob Draper will be delighted by his team 's smooth transitions from defence to attack , and their elaborate passing play in the middle of the park . It could well have been a different story , however , had Joe Bernstein 's Northern side been able to convert their chances . Martin Skrtel will be unhappy with his performance in the centre of defence too . The men in red looked threatening on the flanks , particularly through Raheem Sterling , but far too often they failed to capitalise on his excellent service . Aguero conspired to miss from six yards out when unmarked in injury-time to sum up their profligacy . That meant a comfortable margin of victory by two goals for the Southern All-Stars and bragging rights over their Northern neighbours . But , somehow , we suspect the old debate over which half of England reigns supreme will continue . MATCH HIGHLIGHTS -LRB- SCROLL DOWN TO WATCH A VIDEO OF THE SIMULATION -RRB- . 1st minute : GOAL !!! The pre-match hype is immediately justified as Sergio Aguero picks up a short pass from James McCarthy , dribbles past Jose Fonte and curls the ball past Thibaut Courtois to make it 1-0 to the Northern All-Stars . Aguero -LRB- centre , in red -RRB- slots home the opening goal in the very first minute of the All-Stars clash . 8th minute : A Santi Cazorla corner finds the head of John Terry but his effort is fractionally too high . Santi Cazorla 's pinpoint corner finds captain John Terry at the near post but the Chelsea legend 's header clears the crossbar . 10th minute : Raheem Sterling forces Courtois into a decent save with a powerful effort from the edge of the area . 20th minute : A well-worked move by the Southern All-Stars culminates in a Morgan Schneiderlin volley from 25 yards that whistles over Joe Hart 's crossbar . 21st minute : A Cazorla free-kick is deflected out for a corner . The delivery from the Spaniard is poor and the Northern All-Stars break with Sterling . After beating two defenders , he elects to try and curl one in from the 18-yard mark but his effort drifts wide of the goal . 29th minute : GOAL !!! A misplaced pass from Aguero gives away possession when the Northern All-Stars look threatening . The Southern All-Stars take full advantage with a direct move down the right flank . The ball finds its way to Kane , who plays a pinpoint pass to Sanchez to calmly slot the ball into the bottom corner and level the match . Sanchez -LRB- top , in blue -RRB- slots past Joe Hart in the Northern XI 's goal to score the equaliser . 36th minute : Some clever interplay between Rooney and Aguero opens up the Southern All-Star defence . 39th minute : More good play from Aguero and Rooney creates a half-chance for the Northern All-Stars but the Argentina striker drags his shot wide . Southampton midfielder Morgan Schneiderlin attempts an ambitious volley from 25 yards but it meets the same fate as Terry 's header . HALF-TIME : Southern All-Stars 1-1 Northern All-Stars . Substitution : Michael Carrick is replaced by Yaya Toure . 46th minute : The Northern All-Stars very nearly take the lead straight from kick-off after more good work on the right from Sterling . He slips the ball into Rooney , whose shot is turned onto the post by Courtois . 57th minute : Substitution : David Silva makes way for Ashley Young . 60th minute : Substitution : Phil Jones replaces Ryan Shawcross after the Stoke man takes a knock from a robust Alexis Sanchez challenge . The Northern All-Stars have used all their substitutions . 66th minute : Double Substitution : Nathaniel Clyne and Nemanja Matic are subbed off for Branislav Ivanovic and Fabian Delph . Following the substitutions , the Northern All-Stars push forward with Toure giving the team more purpose in the middle of the park . Toure 's raking through ball is met by Sterling who thinks he has made it 2-1 only for the linesman to raise his flag . 68th minute : GOAL !!! Courtois sends the resulting free-kick long and the Southern All-Stars work the ball to Schneiderlin on the edge of the area . His through ball to Kane is weighted to perfection and the striker races onto it before slotting home to put his team in front . Kane -LRB- second right , in blue -RRB- raises his arm in celebration after putting the Southern All-Stars in front for the first time . 72nd minute : GOAL !!! The Southern All-Stars wrap up the match with Sanchez 's second goal . More intricate build-up play in the midfield allows Sanchez to lose his man , take a touch and hit a powerful effort that beats Hart . Sanchez -LRB- bottom right , in blue -RRB- notches his second goal of the game to settle the contest at Wembley . 81st minute : From a throw-in on the left , Young feeds Aguero , who has acres of space ahead of him and men arriving in the box . He chooses to go it alone but Courtois makes a comfortable save down to his right . Aguero storms into the box and ignores support on his inside to take a shot from a tight angle , but it 's easily saved by Thibaut Courtois . 83rd minute : A corner from the Northern All-Stars is only half cleared to Young but his shot is blasted into the side netting . 88th minute : The Northern All-Stars work an opening from a free-kick but Rooney 's effort is poor and straight at Courtois . 90 +2 : The simplest chance of the match falls to Aguero in injury-time after a superb low cross from Sterling . The Manchester City star is unmarked six yards out but can only hit the post . Rooney collects the ball and gets another shot away but Courtois palms it out for a corner . Aguero blows his chance to make the scoreline a little more respectable late on when he hits the upright after low cross from Sterling . 90 +3 : The resulting corner amounts to nothing and the referee blows the final whistle . FULL TIME : Southern All-Stars 3-1 Northern All-Stars .