One of the closest friends of Georgina Bartter , who died after consuming an ecstasy pill at a music festival last year , has pleaded guilty to supplying the teenager with the fatal pills that led to her death . A lawyer for Rebecca Hannibal , 19 , appeared in front of Downing Centre Local Court on Wednesday . Ms Hannibal had pleaded not guilty to single supply charge at a previous hearing but her defence representative told Magistrate Mark Buscombe she was changing her plea to guilty . Police alleged Ms Hannibal , of Cammeray , supplied a number of ` purple speaker ' pills between 2 pm and 3:30 pm on November 7 , the day before the Harbourlife dance festival near Mrs Macquarie 's Chair where Ms Bartter collapsed . Rebecca Hannibal -LRB- centre -RRB- has pleaded guilty to supplying her best friend Georgina Bartter -LRB- far right -RRB- with ` purple speaker ' ecstasy pills in the lead up to the Harbourlife dance festival . Ms Bartter was just 19 when she died after collapsing on the dance floor in November last year after taking ` one and a half pills ' ` Purple speaker ' : She is believed to have had an extremely rare adverse reaction to the substance she took on the night . Ms Bartter is believed to have had an extremely rare adverse reaction to the ` one and a half pills ' she took on the night . She collapsed on the dance floor and was rushed to St Vincent 's Hospital but died from multiple organ failure . Police charge sheets seen by Daily Mail Australia allege the pills were purchased from Matthew Forti , 19 , who has been charged with supplying a prohibited drug between October 27 and November 8 last year . He has also been charged with supplying a prohibited drug in Northbridge in January this year and possessing a drug in Willoughby in February . Police alleged Ms Hannibal -LRB- front , with Ms Bartter pictured behind -RRB- purchased a number of ` purple speaker ' pills between 2 pm and 3:30 pm on November 7 , the day before the Harbourlife dance festival . Ms Hannibal -LRB- left -RRB- and Ms Bartter -LRB- right -RRB- , both 19 , were very close friends and had just returned from a five week European holiday together with a group of friends . Police charge sheets seen by Daily Mail Australia allege the pills were purchased from Matthew Forti , 19 , -LRB- left -RRB- who has been charged with supplying a prohibited drug between October 27 and November 8 last year . Mr Forti pleaded not guilty to three counts of supplying drugs and possessing MDMA at the Downing Centre Local Court on March 25 and will return to court in May . Tragically , the two young women shared a very close bond . They were ` best friends ' and had travelled to Europe for five weeks together just months before Ms Bartter 's death . Facebook is filled with photos of them together , with the teens pictured celebrating and carefree at Ms Hannibal 's 18th birthday party . Ms Hannibal -LRB- left -RRB- was arrested and charged on December 23 , more than a month after Ms Bartter 's tragic death on November 8 . A lawyer for Rebecca Hannibal , 19 , appeared in front of the Downing Centre Local Court on Wednesday . Ms Hannibal had pleaded not guilty at a previous hearing but her defence representative told Magistrate Mark Buscombe she was changing her plea to guilty . Ms Bartter was remembered as an ` old soul who loved her family ' at a memorial service in mid-November , her brother Harry recalling her as ` perfectly imperfect ' . Ms Hannibal did not appear at court . Her defence lawyer , Mr Robinson , bizarrely refused to provide his first name and declined to speak to reporters . She will appear in court on June 10 for sentencing . Hundreds attended Ms Bartter 's funeral service St Mary 's Catholic Church in North Sydney a week after her death . The 19-year-old woman died at Harbourlife festival -LRB- pictured -RRB- at Mrs Macquarie 's Chair near Sydney Botanical Gardens . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .