For the last few years the self-styled biggest club in the world , Manchester United , have not even appeared the biggest club on their home patch . The ` noisy neighbours ' of Manchester City have spent more and won more . And the Sir Alex Ferguson factor vanished from Old Trafford when he retired in 2013 . In fact the last time United won a derby at home was in 2011 when Wayne Rooney 's late spectacular acrobatic goal earned them a 2-1 victory . Wayne Rooney scored a spectacular overhead kick as Manchester United beat Manchester City 2-1 in 2011 . United sit above City in the Premier League table for the first time in 16 months after having played the same amount of matches - following the latest round of results . Rooney -LRB- centre -RRB- scored a stunning half-volley as United beat Aston Villa 3-1 on April 4 . Meanwhile City players look crestfallen during their 2-1 defeat at Crystal Palace on Easter Monday night . But there has been a sudden and surprising shift this season . United have forced their way above City in the Premier League table for the first time since November 2013 , and should Louis van Gaal 's red-hot team beat their suddenly-fragile rivals on Sunday afternoon , they will move four points clear of the defending champions . For many , then , the natural balance of power will have been restored . Manchester City manager Manuel Pellegrini is no longer trying to hide the collapse of his side 's season , which has seen them slip to fourth and make an early exit from three cup competitions , including the coveted Champions League . Having defended his side earlier following losses at Burnley and Crystal Palace , the Chilean has decided to be more candid ahead of the derby . ` It has not been a good season , definitely not a good season , ' he said . ` It was not so bad until the end of 2014 , we were top of the table and still in the Champions League . But in the last three months , we have thrown it into the garbage , all that we did earlier . We are doing some things very badly , that 's why we must improve . ' Admitting there is a problem is always the first step to recovery but Pellegrini , who has won his last three games against United , appears a little less sure about how to fix it . City boss Manuel Pellegrini has branded the last three months of their season as ` garbage ' due to poor form . The Chilean -LRB- left -RRB- cut a frustrated figure during City 's 2-1 defeat at Palace on Easter Monday night . His players have been derided as an ageing first-team squad . Fifteen of them are 29 or over , including captain Vincent Kompany , who is experiencing his worst season at City . But Pellegrini will not go along with such a theory , saying defensively : ` I do n't think the best players at the end can suddenly grow old in three months . ' Nonetheless , he clearly believes City must flex their financial muscles again to replenish the squad , just as they did in 2008 when the new Abu Dhabi owners broke the British transfer record within 24 hours of their arrival to sign Robinho for £ 32.5 million . Since then , they have spent £ 500m on transfer fees . ` I will try to continue being noisy , ' said the Chilean , referring to Ferguson 's famous quote about City in 2010 . ` All the big teams spend a lot of money , always . People just talk about it when it 's City . ' The problem for Pellegrini is that United are back in the game , competing for the top players following a brief post-Fergie wobble . United executive vice-chairman Ed Woodward , who has overall responsibility for the budget , is determined his club will not be bullied out of deals as they were when City beat them to Samir Nasri , from Arsenal . Pellegrini wants City to flex their financial muscle in this summer 's transfer market to bolster their squad . City pipped rivals United to the signing of Samir Nasri -LRB- right -RRB- from Arsenal in August 2011 . Van Gaal , after five consecutive Premier League wins , is equally bullish , declaring : ` I do n't have any doubt that players are coming to Manchester United . ' Negotiations for Borussia Dortmund 's Mats Hummels and Ilkay Gundogan are understood to be under way but the acid test will be for Juventus and France star Paul Pogba , 22 , rated the best young midfield player in Europe and coveted by United and City . Both will throw money and the promise of titles at £ 60m Pogba , who began his career at Old Trafford but was allowed to leave for Serie A after a rare error of judgment by Ferguson . City say there are mitigating factors why they are a point behind United . David Silva thinks United 's absence from the Champions League has helped them . ` It does n't surprise me United are doing well , they have had the advantage of only having the Premier League to play for , just as Liverpool did last season , ' said the Spaniard . ` It will be a hard game for us but we can definitely win . ' The future of Pellegrini will come under huge scrutiny if he loses this match . He has been given some comfort by Van Gaal , who dismisses City 's last result , a 2-1 defeat at Crystal Palace , as a virtual fluke . Ilkay Gundogan -LRB- right -RRB- anchors Borussia Dortmund 's midfield and could be brought by United in the summer . Mats Hummels -LRB- left -RRB- looks likely to join United this summer to strengthen their porous rearguard . Juventus ' £ 60million-rated midfielder Paul Pogba is also a summer target for United and their rivals City . ` I saw the game , watching on TV at home with a cup of coffee . Crystal Palace went 2-0 ahead but you could not imagine it was a 2-0 game , ' said the United manager . ` We have also played these kind of matches . The opponents crossed the halfway line three times and they scored two goals but that 's football , and more so in England than in other countries . ` Manchester City were unlucky and , of course , confidence is a big thing in football . But Sunday is another game , a special game and it shall not influence a lot . ' Rooney 's brilliant winner against City in 2011 was voted the best Premier League goal of all-time . The United captain still regards it as his favourite . ` It was my best goal because of the importance of it . We won the game and soon after we won the title , ' he said . Should United win on Sunday , their supporters will dare to dream of such moments again . But if City can upset the odds and prove they are still a major force to be reckoned with , the noise will reverberate around Europe - and even reach Pogba . United manager Louis van Gaal believes City 's defeat at Crystal Palace wo n't influence Sunday 's derby . Expected team line-ups for the Manchester derby at Old Trafford on Sunday afternoon . So far Manchester City boss Manuel Pellegrini has a 100 per cent record against United since he succeeded Roberto Mancini . Manchester City 4-1 Manchester United , September 2013 . Sergio Aguero scored twice as Pellegrini celebrated victory in his first Manchester derby while another managerial debutant , David Moyes , watched his United side taken apart . Manchester United 0-3 Manchester City , March 2014 . Edin Dzeko scored after just 45 seconds at Old Trafford and later added another as City completed a league double over United . Pellegrini will have to think about starting the Bosnian striker today . Manchester City 1-0 Manchester Utd 0 , November 2014 . Different manager in the United dug-out , same result . Aguero struck again after Chris Smalling had been sent off for United .