John Carver says his Newcastle players have a point to prove to themselves at Liverpool on Monday night . The Magpies are in danger of being sucked into what had previously seemed an unlikely relegation battle given their alarming run of form . Amid accusations of the team ` playing with their flip-flops on ' , United have lost four on the spin - scoring just once - and Carver admits he does not know where their next point is coming from . It is unlikely to arrive at Anfield , a venue at which they last won in 1994 . They were beaten 1-0 by North-East rivals Sunderland seven days ago -- a performance Carver labelled 'em barrassing ' -- and there was a showdown meeting at the club 's training ground this week in which the head coach let his feelings be known . John Carver says his Newcastle players have a point to prove when they face Liverpool on Monday . Carver , though , is hoping that personal pride will kick in when they travel to Merseyside . ` Before they go out my message will be simple -- ` You have a point to prove , but prove it for yourself , not for me , not for anybody else , but for yourself . You owe it for yourself ' , ' he said . ` The meeting we had on Wednesday was non-negotiable . We 've had meetings in the past where I like a two-way dialogue . ` But I got a few things off my chest and it was probably the first time I 've been Mr Nasty . ` After the meeting we trained and there was a great response . That hurt me a little bit because I wanted to see that on Sunday . But at least I got something from them . ' Carver said this week that owner Mike Ashley has promised to invest in the squad this summer and a major overhaul is expected -- out-of-contract players such as Jonas Gutierrez , Ryan Taylor and Sammy Ameobi will be released , while the likes of Yoan Gouffran , Cheick Tiote , Moussa Sissoko and Papiss Cisse are also expected to move on . Newcastle in training earlier this week for their game against Liverpool on Monday in the Premier League . Moussa Sissoko -LRB- left -RRB- , Vurnon Anita -LRB- centre -RRB- and Massadio Haidara -LRB- right -RRB- at a training session . However , the promise of such renovation has done little to appease fans who are organising a boycott ahead of next Sunday 's visit of Spurs . Carver , in fairness , is caught in the middle of what is a toxic relationship between supporters and the club 's hierarchy . And the 50-year-old admits he has been on the receiving end of criticism from fans . ` I have to accept what people say . As long as it is done the right way and in a constructive manner , I can accept that , ' he said . Newcastle were beaten in last weekend 's Tyne/Wear derby by Jermain Defoe 's stunning volley . Carver has now seen his Newcastle team lose four in a row and fall into relegation danger . ` It would be easy to say , ` I 've had enough , thanks ' . I 'm not going to do that and I have still got my enthusiasm . ` I ca n't hide from what happened on Sunday , and I wo n't hide from it . What I wo n't take is abuse , and certainly none of my family will take abuse . ` But I wanted to give this a go because I did n't want to have any regrets . I believe in my own ability and I believe if I have got the tools then I could do a good job and a successful job . '