A restless baby has been lulled to sleep by her father 's impression of Darth Vader . Madison Avery Crotty , from San Diego , is seen screaming and crying until her doting dad decides to try out his terrifying impersonation . In a new video posted online , the wriggling one-month-old seems to doze off as soon as Thomas ` Buddy ' starts his deep breathing technique . Scroll for video . Little Madison Crotty is seen crying until her doting father Buddy decided to try out his impersonation . Buddy had tried out several types of ` white noise ' sounds to try and get Madison to sleep . And he 's seen looking delighted to discover that his daughter finds the Star Wars sound soothing , saying : ` She likes the dark side ! ' at the end of the clip . The crackling , deep-sea type sound is reminiscent of what Madison might have heard in the womb just a month earlier . It seems that parents really will try anything to get their newborn to stop crying and go to bed - even the Dark Side . Buddy loaded the footage of the precious moment on his YouTube channel under the title : The Force Awakens ... then falls back asleep . It has been viewed more than 4,000 times . Buddy loaded the precious moment on his YouTube channel yesterday . The crackling , deep-sea type sound is reminiscent of what Madison might have heard in the womb . The clip , called The Force Awakens ... then falls back asleep , has been viewed more than 4,000 times . The Dark Lords of the Sith 's heavy-breathing sound was devised by American sound engineer Ben Burtt in the Seventies . The grisly sound of Vader 's breathing is so iconic that it even has a trademark - or , rather , a ` soundmark ' . Lucasfilm reportedly trademarked 234 seconds of it with the US Patent and Trademark Office in 2014 . The grisly sound of Vader 's breathing is so iconic that it even has a trademark - or , rather , a ` soundmark ' Its creator Ben Burtt says it makes Vader sound like a ` life support system ' , ` mechanical ' , and ` part robot ' The firm 's lawyers describe the sound as ` rhythmic mechanical human breathing created by breathing through a scuba tank regulator . ' An interview with the sound 's designer , Burtt , from the Lucasfilm archives , shows him describing the process . He says that what started out as a very loud and noise-producing project which made Vader sound like a ` moving operating room ' and ` queezing windmill ' , was eventually toned down to the ` life support system ' , ` mechanical ' , ` part robot ' sound we know today .