When booking a holiday it is easy to be confused when it turns out your flight to Vancouver in Canada goes to airport code YVR , or why you will be landing in Malaga , Spain , at an airport with the code AGP . While many main airports have codes which make sense , such as JFK for John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York , of LHR for London Heathrow , others can leave passengers baffled - or in fits of laughter . From unfortunate codes such as OMG and SUX to the funny LOL , there are some seemingly very random three-letter combinations around the world . Scroll down for video . Airline Codes features 438 airports from 94 countries , allowing users to finally understand why certain airlines are tagged as they are . Two aviation fans set out to document the world 's airport codes and explain how they were chosen with their website Airport Codes . Listing the origins of 438 airports from 94 countries , they explain the reasons behind the unusual acronyms , such as why many Canadian airport codes begin with the letter Y. COK - Cochine International Airport in India takes its code from the fact it is based in the city of Kochi . DOH - Qatar 's glitzy new airport is named for the capital Doha . AGP - Malaga Airport did n't want to take its first three letters from the city name as mal means bad in Spanish . So instead it is AGP , taking ` AG ' from the middle of the word and filling with the letter ` P ' . SUX - Iowa 's Sioux City airport ended up with the unfortunate three letter code SUX and have tried to change it many times . Now it has embraced the name with the tag line ` Fly Sux ' . ORD - Chicago O'Hare endedup with the unusua ; l flight code which points to its past as Orchard Field . MSY - New Orleans Louis Armstrong 's code reflects aviator John Moisant and the nearby Moisant Stock Yards . OMG - Omega Airport in Namibia has the somewhat hilarious code of OMG , which is often used as shorthand for ` oh my God ' . LOL - in the spirit of unusual acronyms , the term usually use din text messages to signify ` laugh out loud ' is actually Derby Field airport in Nevada , serving Lovelock City -LRB- hence the code -RRB- . When codes were generated in the 1930s , old broadcast radio codes were sometimes used . In Canada , radio stations used Y , and this was reflected in the majority of their airport codes starting with the same letter , as shown with YWG representing Winnipeg . The Australian Business Traveller stated that during the first days of air travel , airports were given a two letter ` weather station ' code . As the amount of airports increased worldwide , this two-digit number rose to three so each could be given a unique code . Cities with similar starting names like Dublin and Dubai caused the labelling to deviate from a regular system , with Dubai adopting DXB , when DUB was already assigned to Dublin . The codes are known as IATA location identifiers , and are set by the International Air Transport Association -LRB- IATA -RRB- . The triple characters are displayed on luggage tags at airport check-in desks , to ensure they reach the correct destination . Full lists of the code are published biannually in the IATA Airline Coding Directory . Co-creator Lynn Fisher said she was inspired following hearing a talk about the rationale behind IATA airport codes . ` Ever since I 've found it interesting and recently did a web search to see if there was a site that compiled all of those stories , ' the Arizona-based designer said . ` Nothing came up , so we decided to make one . ` Many airports change names over the years so their airport codes might reflect a previous identity or purpose . ` It 's especially surprising -LRB- and interesting -RRB- when the code comes from very early or even unofficial designations . ' Homer 's favourite airport ! Airline Codes explains why Hamad International Airport ended up with the DOH code . Many recognise LAX to be the code for Los Angeles Airport , but the extra X on the end has baffled travellers for a while , and can be explained by the transition from two letters to three . The inclusion of an extra letter is the explanation behind the famous LAX code , which was just LA during the 1930s . The airport added the extra X around 1947 to reflect the change in the number of required letters . Several others similarly adopted the X , which can be seen in airport codes such as PDX for Portland , and DXB for Dubai . Codes were sometimes worked out using the city it was located , followed by the name of the airport itself , for example LHR was used for London Heathrow and LGW for London Gatwick . One of the funnier airport codes is Cochin International Airport in Kochi in India , which reverses the first three letters of its place name . Portugal 's second busiest airport , Porto uses the code OPO . It is named after its alternate English spelling : OPOrto . Confusingly there are exceptions to the rule , with London Stansted airport being given the STN as its code . Perhaps the most entertaining tale on the site is the story of Iowa 's Sioux City airport . The unfortunate code for this airport is SUX , which they tried multiple times in vain to change . Once accepting defeat , they used the code to their advantage , using the memorable phrase ` Fly Sux . ' Co-creator software engineer Nick Crohn said : ` That 's probably one of the things that 's most enjoyable about the codes . ` They are keys to the airport 's history . ` ORD for Chicago O'Hare points to its past as Orchard Field and MSY for New Orleans Louis Armstrong reflects aviator John Moisant and the nearby Moisant Stock Yards . Lynn admitted the codes that make words like FAT , for Fresno in California , are her favourite . Instead of Malaga Airport using the code MAL , which translates in Spanish as bad , they opted for taking the middle letters from Malaga , and adding a P . Travellers going to Beijing Capital International may be confused to see PEK on their luggage tags . However this is from older English spelling of Beijing , which was PEKing .