In a show that could rival Sydney 's light show ` Vivid ' , Carla Zampatti 's SS15-16 collection made a splash at Sydney 's Opera House today to celebrate the designer 's 50 years in fashion . The stunning presentation kicked off proceedings for Mercedes Benz Fashion Week that officially begins this Sunday , April 12 . The collection is said to be a celebratory nod to the excessive glamour of the Eighties and features bold Indian Pinks , Buttercup Yellows and Electric Blues against a backdrop of Zampatti 's signature black and white tailored pieces . On Wednesdays we wear pink ! Carla Zampatti presented a celebratory SS15-16 collection at Sydney 's Opera House today to mark the brand 's 50th year . Kaleidoscope : The designer 's collection featured Indian Pinks , Buttercup Yellows and Electric Blues against her trademark monochrome . With satin , bold block colours and floral jacquard prints sprinkled throughout , the strong , structured and feminine collection were a feast for the eyes , especially set against Sydney 's iconic Opera House . Stars including Delta Goodrem , Shanina Shaik , Kerri-Anne Kennerley , and Terry Biviano , were joined by fashion influencers Kate Waterhouse Margaret Zhang and Tanja Gacic in the front row . Captivating crowds was Zampatti 's stand-out fuschia ` Opera Coat ' that debuted on the catwalk featuring a pink bow and a lengthy cape that could be likened to a grown up red riding hood and starring as the perfect piece to compliment the operatic backdrop . Rainbow bright : Eye-popping bold colours were the stars of the show . Peekaboo : One model was topless beneath her fuschia coat , worn with high-waisted black shorts . Sunglasses required : The rainbow of creations made a bold statement . Mellow yellow : Buttercup creations were accented with fuchsia pink heels . It could be said that ` on Wednesdays , Zampatti 's girls wear pink ' with hot , pink open-toed uniform heels dominating the runway and a one-off satin head piece also making a guest appearance . The glamour did n't stop with colour either . Ruffled shoulders , strapless tops and high neck cuts also reigned supreme in Zampatti 's celebratory collection , highlighting collar bones and shoulders in a showcase of chic , feminine and understated glamour . Models were adorned with jewellery from Cerrone Jewellers . Chic : The bold colours popped against Zampatti 's trademark black and white designs . Mono : Plenty of wearable designs were on parade amongst the more outrageous creations . Celebrate : The collection was a nod to the excessive glamour of the Eighties . Milestone : Zampatti produced her first collection in 1965 . The brand created 18ct white gold black rhodium plated linea rings that sit across the knuckles , and an 18ct white gold floating pearl ring especially for the show . ` Cerrone is beyond delighted to be supporting Australia 's most enduring and celebrated designer , Carla Zampatti , as she celebrates her 50 years in fashion , ' said Nic Cerrone , Managing Director of Cerrone Jewellers . ` Based upon an initial meeting with Carla and her stylist , Michelle Jank ; uniquely crafted rings have been designed and created exclusively for Carla 's show , including signature pieces in 18ct white gold , black rhodium and large South Sea pearls , cleverly designed with an minimal yet bold effect to complement Carla 's classic designs . ' Star power : Delta Goodrem -LRB- left -RRB- and Shanina Shaik -LRB- right -RRB- were among the star attendees at the presentation . Fashion influencers : Kate Waterhouse -LRB- left -RRB- and Tanja Gacic -LRB- right -RRB- were also sitting front row .