It was once a colourful backdrop for the shenanigans of Steve Martin and Eddie Murphy , but years of neglect meant this piece of film history risked being lost forever . The Gilmore Gasoline Filling Station has now been restored to its former glory - but people wanting to refuel here will have to be content with a skinny cappuccino . Coffee giant Starbucks bought the garage in Los Angeles last year and have now finished its transformation into a drive through coffee shop . The Gilmore Gas Station was a backdrop for was listed as a Los Angeles cultural monument in 1992 , but was soon after left to vandals and graffiti artists . Starbucks worked with a historical consultant to ensure the character of the building was preserved during the renovation . Opened in 1935 by Gilmore Oil , which was then the largest independent oil company on the West Coast , the art deco building served the drivers of Hollywood until it was abandoned in the 1990s . It became a filming location soon after with wacky weatherman Harris K. Telemacher -LRB- Steve Martin -RRB- stopping to fill up with lover Sara McDowel -LRB- Victoria Tennant -RRB- prior to attending a fundraising event . He asked for the ` full-service ' treatment , which includes a tank of petrol , a car wash , and removal and exchange of all four tires . The petrol station was also where Reggie Hammond -LRB- Eddie Murphy -RRB- informed Jack Cates -LRB- Nick Nolte -RRB- of the location of the stolen money in the 1982 comedy 48 Hours . It was listed as a Los Angeles cultural monument in 1992 , but was soon after left to vandals and graffiti artists . Starbucks store design manager Jonathan Alpert said despite its poor state he saw the potential of the petrol station from the start . The new store , which has a drive through , serving hatch and outdoor seating area , retains the main existing structure as well as the canopy from an added car wash . He said : `` At the very beginning we knew this was something special . ` The building was in such a dilapidated state , but we could see it had potential . ` We wanted to restore the building in a way that allows us to serve the community while celebrating its history . ' Mr Alpert and his team worked with a historical consultant to ensure the character of the building was preserved during the renovation . The new store , which has a drive through , serving hatch and outdoor seating area , retains the main existing structure as well as the canopy from an added car wash . They preserved and restored existing glass and metal elements wherever possible . The petrol station was also where Reggie Hammond -LRB- Eddie Murphy -RRB- informed Jack Cates -LRB- Nick Nolte -RRB- of the location of the stolen money in the 1982 comedy 48 Hours . The team added energy-efficient LED rope lights to replicate the old tubes of neon lighting . Non-historic contemporary service bay roll-up doors were replaced with aluminum frame garage doors in the style of the period to form an exterior wall . Mr Alpert added : ` We did n't try to over-brand the building ; we tried to keep it true to the original with only limited signage . ` We have reinvigorated the corner of this community and its art deco past , now it 's electric ! ' Starbucks did not try to over-brand the building but tried to keep it true to the original with limited signage .