Amanda Knox may have finally cleared her name , but eight years of legal battles have left the Seattle native penniless , exhausted and traumatized from stress , claims her biographer . ` In prison , she was threatened with rape from a male guard , it was a really terrible experience , ' says Trial By Jury author , Douglas Preston . ` I think it has really affected her , it 's really hard to lead a normal life after that . ' Scroll down for video . Strain and relief : Amanda Knox spoke outside her parents ' home on March 27 flanked by her fiancé Colin Sutherland after she was exonerated for the murder of Meredith Kercher in November 2007 . Three weeks after an Italian court overturned her conviction for the 2007 murder of British student , Meredith Kercher , Preston told RadarOnline that Knox is living out a bittersweet victory . ` She went to Italy as a normal 20-year-old , West Coast girl , a soccer player , rock climber , very naïve , ' says Preston about Knox 's ill-fated adventure to Perugia . ` So many terrible things happened to her in Italy , so many lies were said , and the online savagery directed at her , I 've never seen anything like it . ' So affected has Knox been by her struggle to be exonerated by the Italian courts , that Preston hinted to RadarOnline that she is suffering PTSD and seeking professional help . ` Anyone who has been through what she 's been through is going to have issues . It 's like a soldier come back from Iraq , having children shot in front of him , you 've been through a horrific experience . If it does n't affect you physically , it affects you emotionally , ' he says to Radar . Family struggle : Amanda Knox stands on the front porch with her fiancé , her mother Edda Mellas and stepfather , Chris Mellas . According to her biographer , Knox and her family have spent millions fighting her conviction . On top of her fight to be declared innocent , Preston claims that Knox has been ravaged financially by legal fees . This despite receiving a reported $ 4 million advance for her 2013 book , Waiting To Be Heard . ` The ordeal has been hugely emotional , but the financial impact has been catastrophic , ' says Preston . ` Amanda received a $ 4 million advance for her book , that money has all gone , immediately out of the door to pay legal fees and there is nothing left , ' Preston explains . ` She really wants to establish that she 's innocent in Italy , they 've paid a lot of fees to Italian lawyers . ' Knox , 27 , fought the Italian legal system for eight years , spent four years in prison and went through three appeals until she and her ex-boyfriend , Raffaele Sollecito were exonerated by the Italian Supreme Court in late March for the murder of Meredith Kercher . Shared experience : This split picture shows Amanda Knox and Raffaele Sollecito , arriving with penitentiary police to a court hearing in Perugia September 26 , 2008 . Beginning of her nightmare : Amanda Knox leaves with penitentiary police after a court hearing in Perugia in September 2008 after she and her ex-boyfriend were arrested for the murder of Meredith Kercher . Kercher was discovered in a pool of blood in the house she shared with Kercher in November 2007 . The British student had been stabbed four times and her throat slit in what the Italian courts claimed was a sex-game gone wrong . Knox and Sollecito was found guilty of her murder and sentenced to 26 years behind bars , but were acquitted in 2011 . Knox immediutely returned to the United States protesting her innocence , but in January 2014 , the Italian courts overturned that acquittal and reinstated the guilty verdict . However , the case ultimately went to the Supreme Court and their conviction was overturned . Tears : Amanda Knox breaks down after hearing she had been acquitted of the murder of Meredith Kercher in October , 2011 . Return home : Amanda Knox pauses emotionally while speaking during a news conference at Sea-Tac International Airport , Washington after landing there on a flight from Italy , October 4 , 2011 after her acquittal . On the announcement of her innocence , Knox appeared on her Seattle doorstep to make a statement . Surrounded by her father , Curt Knox , mother , Edda Mellas , sister , Deanna Knox , and fiancé , Colin Sutherland , the 27-year-old broke down in tears as she told the press : ` Meredith was my friend and she deserved so much in this life . I am the lucky one . ' Amanda Knox could now receive millions in compensation after being cleared by Italy 's top court of murdering Surrey student Meredith Kercher . The 27-year-old and her former lover Raffaele Sollecito both served four years in prison after being convicted of the murder in 2007 . It is thought that Knox will return to Italy , despite having vowed never to , and will write about the country 's legal and judicial system while she is there . Both Knox and Sollecito are reportedly planning to seek compensation for time wrongly spent in prison . Both Knox -LRB- above -RRB- and Sollecito could now seek compensation for time wrongly spent in prison . While no figures have been revealed , compensation for such cases regularly run into seven figure sums . Carlo Dalla Vedova , her Italian lawyer , confirmed Miss Knox will ` be seeking compensation for wrongful imprisonment , ' according to The Telegraph . Mr Sollecito 's father Francesco told the newspaper : ` You could hardly quantify a compensation figure , it has been such an awful business . ' She added that she was ` full of joy ' following Italy 's highest court 's decision to overturn her murder conviction , saying : ` I 'm incredibly grateful for what has happened . For the justice I have received , for the support I have had from everyone , from my family and my friends to strangers . ' Shortly after the verdict , Knox , who has said she would never willingly return to Italy , released a statement , saying she was ` tremendously relieved and grateful ' and knowing she was innocent gave her ` strength in the darkest times of this ordeal ' . She added : ` Throughout this ordeal , I have received invaluable support from family , friends , and strangers . To them , I say thank you from the bottom of my heart . Your kindness has sustained me . '