An Egyptian court has sentenced a popular Armenian belly dancer to six months in prison for ` insulting the Egyptian flag ' after she wore a tight dress in its red , white and black color scheme . The court in Agouza , west of Cairo , said Sofinar Gourian , popularly known as ` Safinaz ' , was fined £ 15,000 after being found guilty in a case raised by a private complainant . She is expected to avoid jail time , however , after paying £ 10,000 bail and launching an appeal against the six month prison sentence . Offending dress : An Egyptian court has sentenced popular Armenian belly dancer ` Safinaz ' to six months in prison for ` insulting the Egyptian flag ' after she wore a tight dress in its red , white and black color scheme . Insulting the flag was made illegal by decree under Egyptian President Adly Mansour who ruled for a year after the army overthrew an elected but divisive Islamist president in 2013 . The change in law made it a crime to raise , display or sell an Egyptian flag if it is damaged in any way , or even if the colour has faded . The law also prohibits adding slogans , designs or pictures to the Egyptian flag . Ms Gourian is understood to have worn a costume made from the material taken from an Egyptian flag during a belly dancing performance in the town of Ain Sokhna in 2013 . The belly dancer , who lives in Egypt , had argued that she did not insult the flag intentionally and as a foreigner was less aware of Egyptian laws . Harsh laws : Insulting the Egyptian flag was made illegal by decree under President Adly Mansour who ruled for a year after the army overthrew an elected but divisive Islamist president in 2013 . The complaint against her was filed by a businesswoman and hotel owner in Mohandeseen who found the performance insulting , according to Ahram Online . Although she has been convicted of the crime , her £ 10,000 bail allows her to remain free until her appeal has been heard . Ms Gourian has lived and worked in Egypt for the past two years , where her act has proven to be an immediate success . The Armenian native has already appeared in several Egyptian movies , performed at society weddings and is married to an Egyptian national . Ms Gourian has previously told reporters she hopes to spend the rest of her life in the country .