The mother-of-five who was arrested for allegedly throwing her 16-year-old daughter a drunken party where they played naked Twister together has admitted to turning towards alcohol during her divorce from her veteran husband . Rachel Lehnardt , 35 , had been a life-long follower of the Mormon church and had never touched a drop of alcohol before her split from her husband James , who was suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder when he returned from Iraq , her lawyer said in a statement on Thursday . But following their divorce last year , she began drinking and ultimately broke away from the church , where she had once been a Sunday school teacher , the lawyer said . Her alcohol abuse culminated in the startling incident in which she allegedly allowed her daughter and her friends to drink alcohol and smoke marijuana in front of her at their Evans , Georgia home . Scroll down for video . Struggles : Rachel Lynn Lehnardt , 35 , is pictured walking outside her Georgia home on Wednesday , several days after she was arrested for allegedly throwing a drunken party for her teenage daughter . She had already been drunk when her 16-year-old daughter returned with her friends , according to her lawyer , Shawn Hammond . According to authorities , Lehnardt and the teenagers then played naked Twister - although Lehnardt left halfway through the game to have sex with an 18-year-old man in the bathroom . When she returned , she brought out sex toys and started to use them on herself in front of the teenagers , Augusta Crime reported . After going to bed , she awoke around 3.30 am to find her daughter 's 16-year-old boyfriend raping her and immediately threw him off , according to Hammond . The girl later told her mother that she felt guilty because his 10-inch penis was too big for her , so he had to have sex with her mom instead , according to a police report . According to Hammond , Lehnardt woke the next day and realized that her drinking had got out of hand and had led to her being raped by the 16-year-old . Her daughter has now split from the boy . Video from KJBF . Arrested : Lehnardt , pictured in her mug shot , was arrested after she told her AA sponsor about the incident and the sponsor then contacted authorities . Lehnardt said she is working to put it behind her . Split : Her lawyer said Lehnardt , who is a life-long Mormon , turned to drink after divorcing from her husband James Lehnardt , pictured right . He returned from Iraq with PTSD and was later discharged , the lawyer said . After the incident , the children 's paternal grandparents found out about the party from the teenage girl and were awarded custody of the five children . Lehnardt was arrested after sharing details of the incident with her Alcoholics Anonymous sponsor , who then went to authorities . As part of the AA 's 12 Step program , members write a list of incidents they feel guilty about and confide in their sponsor about the acts -LRB- known as the Fifth Step -RRB- . The person is then required to make amends for past wrongdoings , as long as doing so does not cause harm to others . While there is an expectation of anonymity at meetings , there is no guarantee , and experts recommend exercising caution when detailing crimes , according to The Fix . AA literature simply states that ` anonymity provides protection for all members from identification as alcoholics ' . The main ` Understanding Anonymity ' booklet does not mention safety from disclosure of a crime and there have been multiple cases of AA members being convicted of crimes , including , murder after confessing to their sponsors . But there has also been some debate over whether the confessions can be used in court . In 2001 , a 1995 murder conviction was thrown out after it was ruled that a killer 's confession to fellow AA members was constitutionally protected and should n't have been used against him . The decision was reached after the judge deemed the 12 Step program had religious undertones , meaning that the members engaged in religious activity , which is constitutionally protected . Lehnardt 's lawyer said she was shocked with what had happened so she researched local Alcoholics Anonymous groups and met with a sponsor , named Heidi , who encouraged Lehnardt to tell her about her divorce , her drinking and the incident that led to her losing her children . Lehnardt also allegedly told the sponsor that she had shown her daughter explicit photos , including of Lehnardt having sex with her current boyfriend , and admitted to being a porn addict . Heidi then went to authorities and told them what the mother-of-five had confessed to doing at the party . Lehnardt 's lawyer called Heidi 's decision to go to the sheriff 's office ` unfortunate ' . Lehnardt was arrested last Saturday and charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor . Hammond , the lawyer , released a statement shared by Augusta Crime on Thursday , saying Lehnardt was ` extremely remorseful ' for what had happened . ` Mrs. Lehnardt acknowledges that due to recent alcohol abuse she engaged in several acts of inappropriate conduct , ' he said . ` Although , many of the allegations are exaggerated , she is extremely remorseful for what she allowed to occur in her presence and is obtaining professional and pastoral counseling to ensure that this conduct is never repeated . ' He denied that she had thrown the party for the teenagers or provided them with drugs , and said she would be fully cooperating with authorities . ` Mrs. Lehnardt has recommitted herself to her faith and her family , ' he continued . ` She is hopeful that her children , members of her faith and others will learn from her poor example as to just how easy it is for people to exercise such extremely poor judgment while intoxicated . ' He did not comment on the naked Twister , bathroom sex or sex toy allegations , and simply said reports of the incident had been exaggerated . Denial : The mother-of-five said she did not throw the party but did admit to witnessing teenagers smoke marijuana . She also claimed she later awoke to her daughter 's teenage boyfriend raping her . Scene : After the party at her home in Evans , Georgia , pictured , she lost custody of her five children . Downcast : Her lawyer said she has been a life-long Mormon who only recently started drinking alcohol . Before the divorce , she had never consumed alcohol , drugs or caffeine , he said . She married her husband , James , in 2000 and they had five children together , now aged between four and 16 . James Lehnardt served with an artillery unit in Iraq during one of his deployments where he held the rank of specialist . He was based in Basra , Iraq 's second largest city , from July 2009 as part of Headquarters and Headquarters Battery , 17th Fires Brigade , Brigade Aviation Element . The unit , part of the 7th Division , co-ordinated American and Iraqi security force missions in the south of Iraq after British forces left and American troops were deployed there to deal with the Shi'ite militia which took control of the city . He was later based at Joint Base Lewis-McChord , in Tacoma , Washington and more recently , the Augusta-Fort Gordon area of Georgia . But due to his PTSD and anger issues , he was ultimately discharged and is now on VA disability , according to Mrs Lehnardt 's lawyer . According to her sponsor , who went to police , she also allegedly used sex toys in front of the teenagers and showed her daughter explicit photos of her having sex with her current boyfriend . Neighborhood : She was already drunk when her daughter and her friends came back to the neighborhood , pictured , because they had been staying at their father 's , she said . The couple separated in 2014 and she kept custody of the children . She also returned to work , where she struggled while earning just above minimum wage , he explained . Around this time , she started drinking at the weekends when she did n't have the children and it ultimately got out of hand , leading to the incident at their Evans home , her lawyer said . Following her arrest on Saturday , she posted $ 3,200 bond and was released from the Columbia County Detention Center . While Lehnardt said she had been raped by the teenage boy , Sheriff 's spokesman Captain Steve Morris said there was no evidence of a crime and no charges are pending against the boy . No sexual crime charges have been filed against Lehnardt because 16 is the legal age of consent . This week , she was seen outside her house wearing a hooded jacket and workout clothes , and looking downcast . Her five children , who are aged four , six , eight , 10 and 16 , remain with their grandparents .