It is seen as extremely rude in most human societies , but it appears apes also use whispers to pass on information they do not want others to hear . Gibbons - better known for their deafening songs that reverberate around the forests they inhabit - have been found to regularly use the secretive form of communication . The apes , which are found in the forest of south east Asia , produce a variety of soft call types , known as ` hoos ' , that are almost inaudible to the human ear . Scroll down for video . Lars gibbons like this one in Khao Yai National Park Thailand use soft ` hoo ' calls that are similar to whispers . Yet scientists have found the animals use these whispers to communicate specific information to each other about predators , foraging and when meeting neighbours . The researchers found that predator ` hoos ' in particular were produced at frequencies well below the threshold of hearing for eagles and other birds of prey . A dictionary that decodes the calls produced by gibbons is being developed by scientists . Researchers at Wisconsin University in Madison have been using computer algorithms to analyse the whoops and songs produced by the apes . Gibbons singing usually consists of a crescendo of notes , particularly in response to predators . This usually starts with a series of soft ` hoo ' noises that are only audible at close range but this rapidly grows to become much louder . In most studied cases these songs are produced in response to predators but they also duet together in social song . This suggests the quiet calls were designed to alert other gibbons nearby without alerting the raptors . Similarly biologists studying lar gibbons found they used a different whisper call to when a tiger or leopard was in the area . Dr Esther Clarke , who led the research at the University of Durham , said the findings could also help to provide valuable clues about human speech evolved and perhaps even why humans began using whispers . She told Mail Online : ' -LRB- Hoo calls -RRB- have been overlooked in favour of the more conspicuous songs . ` We just did n't know they were using context-specific calls at close range . ` It opens up the possibility that their vocal repertoire is much larger than we previously imagined . ' She added : ` These animals are extraordinarily vocal creatures and give us the rare opportunity to study the evolution of complex vocal communication in a non-human primate . ` In the future , gibbon vocalisations may reveal much about the processes that shape vocal communication , and because they are an ape species , they may be one of our best hopes at tracing the evolution of human communication . ' Gibbons have one of the loudest calls in the natural world , creating whoops that can travel for miles through the dense forests where they live . Most research until now has concentrated on their loud songs which the animals use to communicate with each other over long distances . However , Dr Clarke and her team , whose work is published in the journal BMC Evolutionary Biology , decided to focus on the softer hoo call types . While these calls have been known about since the 1940s , they have not been studied in detail due to their low volume and because they are almost indistinguishable to the human ear . Lar gibbons used hoo calls to warn each other of predators but also during more intimate moments like this . The researchers used models like of this snake to test whether certain hoo calls were specific to predators . Different hoo calls appeared to be related to the activity the gibbons were taking part in like foraging -LRB- above -RRB- . Using modern recording technology and computer analysis , Dr Clarke and her colleagues have been able to detect subtle differences in frequency , pitch , length and volume of these calls . They recorded 450 hoo sounds and found there were six different types of calls being produced by the gibbons . The researchers have been able to identify which of these calls are associated with particular situations . The researchers spent almost four months following lar gibbons around the forests of Mo Singto in Khao Yai National Park , north east Thailand recording their calls and behaviour . They found that the gibbons produced individual hoo calls in different situations , including when they were foraging , when they encountered neighbours , during duet songs between paired mates and when they detected predators . This model of a bird of prey produced short , low frequency and extremely quiet calls from the gibbons . This model of a leopard also produced low frequency and quiet calls from the gibbons when they spotted it . The researchers used a series of models of predators to test whether the calls were associated with specific predators . They found raptor hoos were less intense , shorter , lower pitch and had a small frequency span . They were the least audible of the calls . Raptors hear best in the 1-4kHz range while the gibbon hoos were consistently below the 1kHz threshold . Tiger and leopard hoos were similar , suggesting that callers perceived these two predators as belonging to the same ` big cat ' class . While both gibbon sexes displayed similar hoo calls , female calls were lower in frequency than male ones . The researchers say this is surprising , as among mammals , males tend to have lower frequency voices than females . Females also typically did not produce hoo vocalisations when encountering neighbours and often remained passive . This video shows a white handed gibbon singing the more distinctive and audible calls while in a zoo enclosure . Males , however , often interacted with neighbouring individuals . The gibbons also seemed to use whispering during more intimate moments - much like humans do too . Writing in the journal BMC Evolutionary Biology , Dr Clarke and her colleagues said : ` Duet hoos tended to be higher in frequency than the other contexts , significantly so when compared with feeding , leopard , tiger and raptor hoos and raptor and tiger hoos . ' The researchers say the study is of direct relevance for the on-going debate about the evolution of human speech . Researchers say the findings could shed light on the evolution of human speech and why we began whispering . The ability to produce calls that are context-specific is necessary for communication to direct the attention of others . This behaviour appears to be widespread and was likely present in the ancestor of modern primates and humans . The acoustic variation seen in gibbon hoos in particular may be similar to human speech , in which subtle acoustic parameters , like pitch , can be important carriers of meaning . Chimpanzees bash out distinctive drum solos on the roots of trees as a form of ` signature ' and to tell others in their group where they are . Biologists studying the primates have found over the years that male chimps grip the buttresses of tree roots with their hands and beat them with their feet . The noises produced - which is normally accompanied with loud hooting - are known as pant calls , and can be heard more than half a mile -LRB- 1 km -RRB- away , even in the dense jungle . But now one group of scientists studying the animal in the Sonso Community in the Budongo Forest in Uganda , have found that this drumming contains distinctive rhythmic patterns that can be used to identify a specific individual . Each male used a different number of beats and used a style of doublets and pauses that was distinct to them . The researchers also discovered that the chimps tended to use drumming far more often when their group was travelling . They believe this may help keeps tabs on an individual 's whereabouts .