The news that Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund in the summer has raised the probability that key members of his squad will depart too . Klopp has painstakingly built a team in his image during his seven-year tenure at the Westfalenstadion and achieved considerable success . Dortmund were Bundesliga champions in 2011 and 2012 before they reached the final of the Champions League in 2013 . Jurgen Klopp has announced he is to quit Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season . Klopp has enjoyed seven successful seasons at the Westfalenstadion but has decided to call time . But the signings of Mario Gotze and Robert Lewandowski helped Bayern Munich re-establish their dominance and Klopp 's exit is the end of an era . It could signal the break-up of the Dortmund squad and we take a look at four players who could follow Klopp out of the club this summer . MATS HUMMELS . Even before Klopp 's shock announcement , it looked highly likely that Hummels would be leaving at the end of the season , most likely to Manchester United . The Germany World Cup-winner is considered one of the best defenders in the game and would add steel to any back line . Klopp revealed recently that Hummels , 26 , had been ` thinking things over , ' adding that he believed he was good enough for United . Defender Mats Hummels has been linked with a move to Manchester United this summer . ILKAY GUNDOGAN . The 24-year-old midfielder has also been linked with a summer move to the Premier League , with Arsenal , Liverpool and Manchester City among those interested . At his best , Gundogan can take control of a midfield battle and is more than capable of unlocking defences with his range of passing . He hinted in February that he was ready to sign a new contract but then stalled and Klopp 's departure could make up his mind for him . Midfielder Ilkay Gundogan has been linked with a number of Premier League sides . CIRO IMMOBILE . The Italian striker only arrived at the Westfalenstadion from Torino last summer but has n't lived up to expectations as Lewandowski 's replacement . A measly return of 10 goals for the season has hardly compensated for the loss of their star striker to Bayern last summer . There have been suggestions that Dortmund will listen to offers for Immobile and he would most likely return home to Italy , perhaps to AC Milan . Ciro Immobile -LRB- left -RRB- has struggled to compensate for Robert Lewandowski 's departure to Bayern Munich . NEVEN SUBOTIC . The Serbian defender had ears burning in the Premier League when he said last week that he wo n't decide his Dortmund future until after his summer holidays . He also added they he yearns to play in a league that is more physical , saying : ` How can I do my work when my opponent starts crying without contact ? ' Subotic has been linked with Manchester United and Arsenal , offering a possible alternative if Hummels does n't want to make the move . Defender Neven Subotic celebrates scoring in the German Cup quarter-final with Hoffenheim .