Boss Nigel Pearson insists Leicester have no margin for error in their relegation fight as they aim to close the gap to safety . The Foxes go to West Brom on Saturday bottom of the Barclays Premier League and six points adrift from the survival line . A 2-1 win over West Ham last weekend gave them a first victory in nine league games and ended a run of just two points from a possible 24 . Leicester manager Nigel Pearson -LRB- fourth right -RRB- talks to his squad during a training session . Pearson watches on at the Foxes training ground as he plans their route to Premier League survival . But with eight games left Pearson knows that they can not afford any further slip ups . ` Our form has to take that upward trend in terms of results . We do n't really have a buffer to fall back on , we have to perform here on in , ' he said at his pre-match press conference . ` The players have dealt with an awful lot of disappointment but strived to get the performances . That has been the case for the majority of the season . What we have to do now is change those performances into wins . ` People tell me about other people 's run-ins but you will survive or not due to your own results . ` We have to keep it in our hands for as long as possible and we need to win more games . That 's the reality of the situation but we 're capable of it . ' Leicester still have to play relegation rivals Burnley and Sunderland and host QPR on the final day , giving Pearson hope . He said : ` We have to play a lot of sides around us . It 's nice to have games where we can directly affect their end to the season but the flip side is they will see it the same way . ` It depends how those fixtures go , you win those and the picture changes . What we have to do is manage the swings in mood which will be in the public domain . ` You win a game or lose a game and there 's a shift in terms of how people perceive it . ' Matthew Upson -LRB- centre -RRB- is back in contention for the game with West Brom after returning from injury . Dean Hammond -LRB- centre -RRB- is also back in training with Leicester following a calf problem . Matt Upson -LRB- Achilles -RRB- and Dean Hammond -LRB- calf -RRB- are back in training and are available for the trip to The Hawthorns , where Pearson spent time as coach between 2004 and 2006 . The Baggies are holding Jeff Astle Day to honour their former striker and raise awareness for the Jeff Astle Foundation . Former Albion striker Astle died in 2002 aged 59 from a brain condition normally linked to boxing after heading heavy leather footballs during his career . And while Pearson believes it is a fine cause he insisted the Foxes can not get caught up in the day . He said : ` In many ways it 's for recognition for an outstanding player and person who has achieved an awful lot for the football club . ` It 's great West Brom have decided to make an occasion to celebrate Jeff Astle 's contribution and raise awareness of these types of head injury issues . ` But for us , unfortunately , we have to recognise we are part of the day but our own plight is the most important thing . ` What we ca n't do is get carried away in the occasion . '