The Church of Scientology is one on a long list of organisations that have been barred from using the Anzac brand by the Department of Veteran Affairs ahead of April 25 . Out of 384 applications that have inundated the department over the past 12 months about 80 per cent have been approved to use the word Anzac , which stands for the Australian and New Zealand Army Corp. . Forty-four items were rejected for a range of reasons , including it was too commercial or its name was inappropriate . Scroll down for video . The Church of Scientology is one on a long list of organisations who have been reprimanded for using the word Anzac . An Anzac-branded port , an educational app for iPhones called ANZAPP and medallions with the word Anzac on them were among the list of denied products . Organisations such as the Church of Scientology , Woolworths , and online sites Teespring , Zazzle and Redbubble were reprimanded for using the word Anzac . The church used the brand in an attempt to raise $ 10,000 worth of donations to open new centre in Auckland in New Zealand , while Woolworths caused controversy for overlaying its logo and ` Fresh in our memories ' on photographs of war veterans . A Scientology spokeswoman told Fairfax Media this was oversight made by someone who did not know expressed permission needed to be granted to use the word Anzac . Woolworths also caused social media controversy earlier this month for using Anzac to market itself . Victoria Bitter was one of the organisation who were allowed to use Anzac in its ` raise a glass ' campaign . The AFL won the right to use Anzac to brand its games and merchandise as it donated to the RSL . ` No funds were raised from this action . Once the church was notified of the use of the term , an apology was sent forthwith and the term was never used again , nor will it be , ' the spokeswoman said . ` We meant no disrespect to anyone , particularly those people who gave their lives for both countries . ' Woolworths was also forced to apologise after its marketing campaign caused a social media storm , with people labelling it ` disrespectful ' . The supermarket giant said in a statement it regretted the campaign had 'cause d offence ' . ` This was clearly never our intention . Like many heritage Australian companies , we were marking our respect for ANZAC and our veterans , ' it said . On the other hand , the AFL was permitted to use Anzac at its football games and on its merchandise as it donated to the RSL and Victoria Bitter was given the green light to use the term in its ` raise a glass ' campaign . The alcohol brand was allowed the right as it also contributed to the RSL and Legacy . Penalties for misuse include a maximum of 12 months imprisonment for serious breaches , a $ 10,200 fine for individuals and a $ 51,000 fine for organisations . Permission to use Anzac for commercial purposes can only be granted by the department 's minister . It can not be used to name a boat , house , building or a car without approval . An iPhone app called ANZAPP was barred from using Anzac to promote its educational uses . An Anzac-branded port -LRB- not pictured -RRB- was also denied permission to use the term . Goods with the Anzac brand also can not be imported without seeking authorisation . Approval is usually granted to businesses that operate on a road with the word Anzac in it . Applications are also cleared if a company donates to ex-service community organisation , such as the RSL . The same goes for Anzac biscuits as long as they are made in line with a traditional recipe and are of a certain shape . The term ANZAC , normally written as Anzac , was first used in early 1915 by Major General William Birdwood 's staff in Cairo , according to the Department of Veteran Affairs . General Birdwood called for its accepted use following the landing at Gallipoli . He asked for the area held by Australians and New Zealanders on the peninsula be called Anzac to distinguish it from the British position at Helles .