A headteacher who allegedly used his school email to set up a threesome with a prostitute who he wanted to spank while she was dressed as a schoolgirl , has resigned from his post . David Nicholson , 48 , sent the woman explicit messages saying he was ` keen ' on her dressing up like a pupil and was ` looking forward to putting you over my knee ' , it is claimed . The married father-of-four has not returned to The Costello School in Basingstoke , Hampshire , since the correspondence came to light last month , and has now left the school . MArried father-of-four David Nicholson is accused of sending messages to a prostitute about spanking her when she is dressed up in school uniform using his official school email . Mr Nicholson , from Great Bedwyn , Wiltshire , is still under investigation by Ofstead after claims he used his official school email address to contact an £ 150-an-hour escort through an adult website and arrange a meeting with her and another woman . The Sun newspaper published the messages between Mr Nicholson and the escort , which showed her telling him she liked dressing up as a schoolgirl and being spanked . The Cambridge graduate then allegedly responded : ` I love this and would be keen , ' adding that he he was ` looking forward to putting u over my knee ' -LRB- sic -RRB- . Mr Nicholson , is said to have organised a liaison in a hotel room on a night when he was due to be working away from home , which was then cancelled , according to the paper . In a statement today , Mr Nicholson said : ` As I am sure you will understand , the recent press coverage has been highly distressing . Resigned : Mr Nicholson started as headteacher at The Costello School in Basingstoke in September last year . ` Although I have been very grateful for the many messages of support and understanding , I have to put both the interests of my family and the school community first . ` It is therefore , with huge regret and disappointment that I have taken the very difficult decision to resign as headteacher of The Costello School . Accused : Mr Nicholson allegedly used his school email to send messages to prostitutes . ` I have been very privileged to have served as headteacher of the school and proud of the opportunities I have set up . I wish all at the school every good fortune in the future . ' Having previously worked as a head teacher at a school in Chippenham , Wiltshire , Mr Nicholson , moved to the Costello School , which counts Liz Hurley among its alumni , last September , . Mr Nicholson , who lives with his wife of 15 years Karina , 43 , a local councillor , and describe himself as a `` husband and father ' on his Twitter account is also training to be an Ofsted inspector . Carol Bode , the school 's chair of governors , said that there are no concerns relating to the safeguarding of pupils at the school and confirmed that the board has accepted Mr Nicholson 's resignation . ` In the time David was with us , he worked tirelessly for the school and always with our students best interests at heart providing the school with clear leadership and direction and maintaining a tireless focus on their educational progress . ` We wish him well for the future . The Governing Body 's commitment remains to our students , staff and local communities . ' She added : ` Please be assured that for the school it is ` business as usual ' and that our total focus is on our students , their learning and progress . ` The School is in the capable hands of Mr Leigh Adams , Acting Head Teacher and his senior leadership team , and all staff and students have responded magnificently over recent weeks . '