My introduction to Ferme de Montagne did not take place at this boutique hotel 's enviable ski-in , ski-out location in the French resort of Les Gets -- it happened at The Bar at The Dorchester in London . Ferme de Montagne proprietors Suzanne Dixon-Hudson and her architect husband Henry suggested we meet there for cocktails as they were in the capital , pre-winter season , ` on business ' . I was impressed to discover that what Suzanne and Henry were really in town for was to check up on their 15 hotel staff -- who spend a mandatory week working and gaining experience at the Mayfair hotel before the start of each new season . A waiter mixes things up at the cocktail bar at Ferme de Montagne in France . Suzanne explained : ` It exposes them to a five-star environment where exacting standards of service and composure are required at front of house while also learning to cope with the rigours of a slick and intensive behind-the-scenes regime . ' Suzanne , whose CV glitters with top posts in luxury hotels and catering , added : ` At the same time as training my staff to a high level , I insist they all ski or snowboard in their free time . ' And , of course , a fit and happy team that spends a generous amount of time on the mountain will only benefit the clients of her boutique , chalet-style hotel where interaction with guests is integral to the Ferme de Montagne experience . I finally got to meet the team on site after an easy , 75-minute transfer by car to Les Gets from Geneva airport . And they did indeed make a polished unit -- enthusiastic , energetic , genuinely cheerful , pleasingly informal and disarmingly friendly . Les Gets is well placed in the giant Portes du Soleil area , which has 400 miles of groomed pistes , linked by 14 ski stations across the French/Swiss border . Ferme de Montagne proprietors ensure their staff spend a mandatory week working and gaining experience at The Dorchester in Mayfair -LRB- pictured -RRB- before the start of each new season . It takes a long time to get to know your way around vast ski areas like this so I was delighted to join Ferme de Montagne 's ski host , Rory , who has no need of a piste map . Due to a long-running relationship with the local Ecole de Ski Francais , Ferme de Montagne guests always have high-quality , English-speaking ski instructors for their lessons . Hosts such as Rory are also trusted to ski with guests , make sure they do n't get lost , point out the rich variety of peaks -- such as the magnificent Dents du Midi cluster from the top of Fornet above Avoriaz -- and crucially , as far as this epicurean skier is concerned , recommend great on-mountain restaurants . Suzanne enjoys skiing with guests when time permits . On one occasion Rory treated us all to a great morning 's sport at the Avoriaz sector before lunch at Lindarets -- known as ` the goatvillage ' after the population that takes over in summer . After the guests ' day on the ski slopes , they usually convene at the Ferme de Montagne bar to swap ski stories and to try the cocktail of the day or complimentary flute of champagne . The hotel offers the best of all ski holidays . All of the bedrooms are spacious , luxurious and en suite . Suzanne 's choice of Frette bedding , sumptuous mattresses , heavy , warming fabrics for the drapes and bespoke furniture and design choices throughout makes this the type of exclusive property one normally has to hire whole , and very expensively , for a week . But here guests can book one room for three or four nights . Breakfast , tea and dinner are included in the price for each night booked . Food is central to a ski holiday at Ferme de Montagne as Andrew , a repeat guest , summed up at dinner . It came to ordering dessert and he said : ` Well I like the sound of the apple crumble but I have to have the chocolate fondant with chocolate sauce and port ice cream again ... it 's become one of my five a day ! ' British Airways flies to Geneva from Gatwick and London City , with return fares from £ 84 . Three nights at Ferme de Montagne , located in Les Gets , costs £ 995 per person , excluding flights , based on two sharing . Four nights costs from £ 1,295 per person .