There was a time when the name of Juventus would be one to avoid in the semi-final of European competition . Those days are long gone . When The Old Lady of Turin takes her place alongside Bayern Munich , Barcelona and Real Madrid on Friday , it will appear that Massimiliano Allegri has returned this great club to the elite level . In reality it will be a clash of cultures as Juventus , who have kept nine clean sheets in their last ten fixtures , plot their path to the Champions League final in Berlin . It will be painful and far from pretty if Juve , who held on to the lead Arturo Vidal gave them from the penalty spot in the first leg against Monaco , progress to the final on June 6 . There were scenes of elation as a scoreless draw saw Juventus through to their first Champions League semi-final since 2003 . Juventus 's Andrea Pirlo and Carlos Tevez react at the full-time whistle as their 0-0 result against Monaco proved a victory for the Italians . Juventus players celebrate after their 1-0 win in Turin , courtesy of a penalty from Arturo Vital , was preserved in Monaco . The Juventus players ran to their supporters with Carlos Tevez -LRB- third left -RRB- ditching his jersey for the celebrations . Giorgio Chiellini -LRB- left -RRB- and Leonardo Bonucci race towards their fans , before Chiellini throws his number three shirt into the crowd . Veteran Juventus keeper Gianluigi Buffon punches clear as his defense live dangerously in their second leg against Monaco . Juventus 's midfield maestro Andrea Pirlo shows his strength as he holds off Monaco 's Jeremy Toulalan in their 0-0 draw in Monte Carlo . MONACO : Subasic 6 ; Fabinho 7 , Raggi 6 , Abdennour 6.5 , Kurzawa 6 ; Joao Moutinho 6.5 , Toulalan 6 -LRB- Berbatov 46 mins , 7 -RRB- , Kondogbia 7.5 ; Bernardo Silva 6.5 , Martial 6 -LRB- Germain 76 ' , Ferreira-Carrasco 6.5 -LRB- Carvalho 87 ' -RRB- . Booked : Bernardo , Kondogbia . Subs not used : Stekelenburg , Dirar , Wallace , Elderson . Manager : Leonardo Jardim : 6.5 . JUVENTUS : Buffon 6.5 ; Barzagli 6 , Bonucci 6.5 , Chiellini 6 ; Lichsteiner 6.5 , Marchisio 6 , Pirlo 6.5 , Vidal 6 -LRB- Pereyra 77 ' -RRB- , Evra 6.5 -LRB- Padoin 90 ' -RRB- ; Tevez 6.5 , Morata 6 -LRB- Llorente 69 ' -RRB- . Subs not used : Storari , Ogbonna , Padoin , Sturaro , Matri . Booked : Chiellini , Tevez . Manager : Massimiliano Allegri 6 . Referee : William Collum -LRB- Scotland -RRB- 7 . At the final whistle Giorgio Chiellini raced across the athletics track at Stade Louis II to throw his number three shirt into the hordes of Juve supporters celebrating their first appearance in a semi-final since 2003 . The feeling is that Juve 's race is run . On the surface Allegri 's team are looking good , 15 points clear of second placed Lazio in Serie A and heading for a semi-final against a genuine European force in a couple of weeks ' time . The reality is that this team is relying on some classic Italian traits , with some stubborn defending and the dogged work of Carlos Tevez , Juve 's only out ball , for some hustling up front . It works , painfully so at times , and they are certainly a long way short of the last Juventus team to reach the Champions League final at Old Trafford in 12 year ago . Back then Marcello Lippi 's team had some real class , with the names of Edgar Davids , David Trezeguet , Alessio Tacchinardi and Alessandro del Piero taking Milan to a penalty shoot-out in Manchester . Today 's team relies on the presence of their veteran goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon , a survivor from that defeated 2003 team , to provide some reassurance . Before this tie against Monaco , the Italian World Cup winning goalkeeper spoke about the honour and prestige for Juventus if they could reach the semi-final . The second leg was all about survival . At times this was about the darker side of the game , with Chiellini shown an early yellow card when he scandalously scooped the ball away with his hand to prevent Joao Moutinho racing clear . All three at the back - Chiellini , Leonardo Bonucci and Andrea Barzagli - lived dangerously , a mistake waiting to happen on a tense and anxious night . Monaco were brisk and innovative , using the first half energy of their central midfielder Geoffrey Kondogbia to provide the momentum for Leonardo Jardim ' a side . Kondogbia deserved so much more from this tie . Juventus and Italy defender Giorgio Chiellini -LRB- left -RRB- reaches out to pull the ball away from Monaco 's Joao Moutinho after slipping over . Scottish referee William Collum -LRB- right -RRB- is forced into his pocket inside the opening minute after Chiellini 's handball stopped an attack . Juventus striker Carlos Tevez takes on Monaco 's Geoffrey Kondogbia after referee Collum plays the advantage . Former Manchester City and West Ham marksman Tevez puts his hands to his mouth as a well-hit strike sails off target . He had a decent shout for a penalty in the first half when he was sandwiched between Chiellini and Vidal , sent off balance when the pair squashed him as he made his way into the area . Kondogbia was awesome here and anyone who can outshine Pirlo , save for the odd killer pass for Tevez or Alvaro Morata , in the centre of midfield must be doing something right . Tevez and Morata , who was eventually replaced in the 69th minute by Fernando Llorente , should be credited for their tireless performance in this second leg because they had both picked up a virus the night before the game . Both are believed to have been sick on the pitch . It was Tevez who had Juve 's best chance here , an effort that skidding wide of Monaco keeper Danijel Subasic 's left hand post on the stroke of half-time . Monaco sent for Dimitar Berbatov at the break , sending on the Bulgarian striker to replace the withdrawn figure of France midfielder Jeremy Toulalan . He had a poor game here . Former Manchester United full back Patrice Evra -LRB- right -RRB- takes on Monaco 's Fabinho at pace in Monaco on Wednesday night . Monaco 's Geoffrey Kondogbia attempts to squeeze between Chiellini -LRB- left -RRB- and Vidal -LRB- right -RRB- and goes down but penalty appeals were denied . Fabinho -LRB- left -RRB- and Juventus midfielder Arturo Vidal each show their studs high as they challenge for the bouncing ball . Monaco goalkeeper Danijel Subasic -LRB- right -RRB- anticipates a dangerous ball over the top from Pirlo before Stephan Lichtsteiner -LRB- 26 -RRB- can meet it . Switzerland defender Lichtsteiner knows how key Croatian Subasic 's speed off the line was as he comes close to an opening goal for Juve . There was a touch of the old Berbatov in this 45 minute spell , increasing the tempo with some quick-witted first team passes and some blindside runs into the Juve penalty area . What he craved was the one chance to beat Buffon , to carve out an opening that could , at the very least , have given them another 30 minutes to get the job done . Instead , Juve are heading for extra time . Monaco 's French midfielder and captain Toulalan -LRB- left -RRB- is beaten to the jump by Juventus 's Spanish forward Alvaro Morata . Toulalan -LRB- left -RRB- , who returned to the Monaco line-up after missing the first leg defeat , keeps tight on Morata . Pirlo stems a Monaco attack from the ground with his body and arm as Bernardo Silva attempts to takes his side forward on the counter . Kondogbia -LRB- right -RRB- deserved more from the game after a towering performance in the centre of Monaco 's midfield . Dimitar Berbatov -LRB- left -RRB- , who came on for Toulalan at half-time , contests the ball in the air with Juventus defender Leonardo Bonucci . The Principality 's Kondogbia -LRB- centre -RRB- plots his side 's next move forward under pressure from Argentinean striker Tevez -LRB- right -RRB- . He added intensity , charging about the pitch in search of the ball as Leonado Jardim 's team went about the business of finding an opener . They needed it , the one chance to beat Juve keeper Gianluigi Buffon to give them a chance of reaching the semi-final of the Champions League . Buffon was a key player here . He made a couple of decent stops , but his commanding presence and his reassuring nature in that Juve goal is a formidable hurdle for the opposition . Here , he simply could not be beaten . Portuguese midfielder Bernardo Silva -LRB- left -RRB- finds himself in the book after this wild challenge on Juventus midfielder Claudio Marchisio . Tevez attempt on goal flies clear of the target as both sides struggled to break to deadlock in the second leg . It was hugs all round for the Juve players as they booked their place in Friday 's draw for the Champions League semi-finals . Juventus manager Massimiliano Allegri gestures to his players as two tight defensive units did battle . Monaco head coach Leonardo Jardim makes a praying gesture as his side are asked to force the pace against Juventus . Prince Albert II of Monaco -LRB- right -RRB- attends Monaco vs Juventus with his nephew Andrea Casiraghi -LRB- left -RRB- . The red and white scarves of Monaco 's home colours are shown ahead of kick-off as they will their side towards a potential semi-final . A strong contingent from the Italian champions were in the Louis II Stadium for their Champions League quarter-final second leg .