These shocking pictures show a group of young thugs shooting at each other and family homes in a reign of terror which has left an entire community terrified . Families on the High Green estate in Sheffield , South Yorkshire , say they are being ` held to ransom ' by gangs of yobs shooting at their homes and cars with the weapons . CCTV footage shows the youngsters shooting at properties , cars and each other as they blatantly carry the air rifles and BB guns through the estate , sparking terror among the area 's residents . Scroll down for video . Families say they are being ` held to ransom ' by yobs shooting at homes and cars with air rifles and BB guns . Residents even claim one woman who confronted the yobs was shot at . A mother-of-three , who asked not be named , released the appalling footage and says she has been left ` terrified ' by the thugs . She said one brave neighbour who confronted the youths was fired at by the gang . The frightened mother said : ` Something needs done about this gang - they are putting pellets through windows and cars and it is only a matter of time before somebody is hurt . The CCTV footage shows the youngsters shooting at both homes and each other as they blatantly carry the air rifles and BB guns through the estate , sparking terror among the area 's residents . ` They have intimidated , threatened and terrorised people for too long now . ' A South Yorkshire Police spokesman said : ` We take reports of firearms and gun crime incredibly seriously in South Yorkshire and this story gives us cause for concern . ' He also urged residents to report incidents . A residents ' association spokesman for the area said : ` Our community is entitled to live free of fear , intimidation or damage and loss . ` The few that are committing these offences should not hold the estate to ransom . ` We have lodged a request for a meeting with the police , Crime Commissioner , council housing , council ASBO team , councillors and prospective councillors to discuss the behaviour . ' One brave resident who decided to confront the youths was allegedly fired at by the gang . The spokesman for the Angram Bank Tenants ' and Residents ' association added : ` I tell you why you must report these goings on . Until the police can prove who these criminals are they ca n't act . ` The police are human beings not mind readers , none of us want people being arrested without evidence , so it 's up to you to do your bit to make High Green a lovely place to live again . ' A South Yorkshire Police spokesman added : ` We await our meeting with the local community to discuss these concerns and in the meantime , if anyone does hold any information about individuals they believe could be in possession of a fireearm or is using a firearm in a threatening manner , please call us on 101 or 999 if a life is at risk . '