A baby girl has been badly disfigured in a dog attack at home after her parents left her by herself while they worked in nearby fields . Ten-week-old Qingqing is currently in a critical condition in hospital in eastern China , following emergency surgery to repair her mauled face . Her mother told the People 's Daily Online : ` We left after our baby girl fell asleep . Who knew this would happen ? ' Recovering from surgery : Little Qingqing , who is just ten weeks old , has bandages around her damaged face . The woman , named only as Ms Li , said that on the day of the attack , she and her husband fed their daughter then went to work near their house in Haimen City , eastern China . But Ms Li could not stop thinking about her daughter so returned home after just ten minutes . When she arrived , a white dog with blood around its mouth came running towards her , she said . She dashed to the bedroom where she had left Qingqing - and discovered that the little girl had been dragged from her bed by the dog , which is believed to be a stray . Ms Li said : ` I nearly fainted . My baby girl was lying face flat on the floor , with blood all over . ' Distraught : Qingqing 's mother , identified only as Ms Li , at her daughter 's bedside in hospital . The right side of Qingqing 's face had been shredded and her eyelid torn off . She was carried to a local clinic by her mother but her injuries were too severe to be treated there . She was then transferred to the larger Nantong City No. 3 People 's Hospital , where she was operated on . She is recovering from the surgery but is suffering from a fever that is concerning her doctors . Her plastic surgeon , Dr Sun Jiyie , said : ` This is the youngest child with the most severe injuries we have seen from a dog bite . ` If she could safely power through the critical period , we will be planning more plastic surgery . But she is so young and the injuries are so severe , the operations will no doubt be very difficult . ' Mrs Li , who is keeping a vigil at her daughter 's bedside , said she and her husband only recently moved to Haimen after working at a greenhouse farm in another province for three years . Disfigured : A pixellated photo of Qingqing 's face before her surgical dressings were applied -LRB- right -RRB- . Last night Dr Zhao Xianzhong , the director of the hospital 's burns and plastic surgery department , reminded all parents never to leave their babies and children alone . He also issued a general warning about dogs - saying attacks in China are more common in spring and summer . The hospital currently treats around 20 people a day for dog bites but the figure is expected to increase in the coming weeks as temperatures rise . ` When summer arrives , people wear less fabric , and dogs are only interested in exposed skin , ' explained Dr Zhao . ` Girls should be more aware when they are wearing short skirts and shorts . '