A woman stabbed her boyfriend through the heart after he arrived home to find her in a short dress and stockings about to have sex with her lover , a court heard . Natasha Elderfield , 41 , chased her partner off the boat they shared after he discovered her below deck with her lover , whose trousers were around his ankles , a jury was told yesterday . The court heard how she flew into a rage when boyfriend Robert Dobinson interrupted her attempts to have sex with another man . Natasha Elderfield , 41 , is on trial at Oxford Crown Court accused of the murder of her boyfriend Robert Dobinson , 33 , in Abingdon , Oxfordshire . She told police officers who arrested her , ` my God , it 's so ****** g funny ' , after stabbing Mr Dobinson and leaving him to die on the banks of the Thames , the jury was told . Mr Dobinson , 33 , had been dating mother-of-two Elderfield for about two years . The couple had had sex in the morning of the day he was killed , the court heard . The court heard that Elderfield 's lover , Tony Steggles , had brought a large amount of alcohol to the boat , and a ` sulky ' Mr Dobinson had left to spend the afternoon with a friend . As Elderfield and Mr Steggles spent the afternoon drinking and dancing , Mr Dobinson repeatedly called his girlfriend in a jealous rage -- with his constant interruptions making her more and more infuriated . At one point , she became so enraged that she called the police , telling the 999 operator ` he 's had his ****** g due , I 'm not having this any more ' . The court heard how , within ten minutes of that phone call , blood-soaked Mr Dobinson was staggering desperately along the bank of the river , yelling ` help me , I 've been stabbed ' . Describing the afternoon the two lovers spent on the boat , prosecutor Charles Ward-Jackson told the court : ` Natasha Elderfield had on a short dress and for a while she also had on stockings and they were getting affectionate and were on the point of having sexual contact . ` She had spent a very pleasurable evening with her new lover Mr Steggles -- drinking , dancing , the promise of sex -- and it was being interrupted by her very irritating ex-partner and she was fed up of it . ` That is the background against which Mr Dobinson arrived . ' After storming back to the boat , moored where the couple lived in Abingdon , Oxfordshire , Mr Dobinson went below deck to find his girlfriend and her lover in a tryst . The scene of the alleged murder on the banks of the River Thames in Abingdon , Oxfordshire . Mr Ward-Jackson told the jury : ` It is likely that Mr Dobinson knew or suspected about this affair and not surprisingly resented it . ` Within a short space of time Mr Dobinson arrived on the boat . Natasha Elderfield and Mr Steggles were down in the cabin and were about to have sex . ` He had his trousers down when Mr Dobinson came down into the cabin and his arrival must have been extremely unwelcome . ' The court heard a fight broke out , with Elderfield throwing crockery at Mr Dobinson 's head and he in turn hitting her over the head with a fire extinguisher . The jury heard she then chased him out of the cabin armed with a 4.5 in kitchen knife and stabbed him through the heart . ` She returned to the boat , still holding the knife in an overhand grip , and told Mr Steggles : ` I 've stabbed the bastard . ' Elderfield , who told police that Mr Dobinson had accidentally walked on to the knife during a heated argument , denies murder . The trial continues . Police cordoned off a large section of the river bank after Mr Dobinson was found with fatal stab wounds . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .