A married couple who each follow different religions came up with an unusual approach to raising their children - bringing up each of them in a separate faith . Diane Greenberg , a devout Catholic , and her husband Bob , who is Jewish , decided to split their family down the middle when it came to religion . Diane took charge of her daughter , Katie , 24 ; while Bob took the reins teaching Steven , 21 , as they grew up in New Hope , Pennsylvania . Unusual set-up : Steven and Katie Greenberg , above , were raised in separate faiths - Steven Jewish and Katie Catholic . Katie had a confirmation , attended weekly Catholic instruction and remains a committed Christian to this day . Meanwhile Steven was circumcised when he was eight days old , and was given religious lessons in an Orthodox Hebrew school , NBC 's Today Show reported . While Katie remains Christian today , Steven is now agnostic . Because his mother was not Jewish , his father was also unable to arrange a bar mitzvah for him , and admits he was less strict keeping up his religious education than Diane was with Katie . Diane revealed that their approach baffled many close to them . She said : ` I know people have looked at us like we were nuts . Together : Diane and Bob Greenberg , above with their children in a 2010 photograph , made the decision even though it baffles many . ` I did n't really want to tell either one of our families for a long time what we were planning . We kept mum about it to most people but if we did tell friends , they all said we were crazy . ' Nonetheless , the Greenberg clan think their unorthodox arrangement has its advantages . Katie said : ` I do n't know anybody else who did what my parents specifically did , but it was just never strange for me . ' ... We 'd go to the Jewish side of my family -LSB- on Jewish holidays -RSB- and I definitely find comfort in Jewish traditions because I grew up with them , but there 's always been a `` that 's not my religion '' thing . ' She concluded : ` For me , this was just normal . It was n't something that ever struck me as odd . And my parents were very good about it . There was never any pressure from them . It was really just normal for us . I think it made sense for them so we went with it . '