It was another momentous night in Barcelona 's proud European history , Neymar and Luis Suarez rampaging through Paris Saint-Germain 's defence to put one foot in the Champions League semi-finals . And Barcelona 's second of the night , in the 67th minute when Suarez stormed through , nutmegged David Luiz and finished , was their 400th goal in the competition . The landmark has been achieved in 202 matches since 1992 when the European Champions Clubs ' Cup became the modern Champions League we know and love . The two goals scored by Luis Suarez against PSG took Barcelona past 400 Champions League goals . Barcelona have reached the landmark in 202 Champions League matches since 1992 . Barcelona won the quarter-final , first-leg match 3-1 to put themselves in control of the tie . Barcelona still have a little way to go before they catch Real Madrid 's 436 Champions League goals . Table courtesy of Opta . However , Barcelona still have a some way to go to match the 436 goals scored in the competition by their great rivals Real Madrid . The Spanish giants are way out on top in the club scoring charts , with Bayern Munich coming in third with 349 goals and Manchester United fourth with 343 . Over the Champions League years , Barcelona have found the net most against AC Milan -LRB- 22 -RRB- , followed by Celtic and Chelsea on 18 apiece . They have scored 17 times against United , Arsenal and Bayer Leverkusen . And it will come as little surprise that Argentine superstar Lionel Messi is way out in front in the breakdown of Barcelona Champions League scorers with 75 , the joint-most in the tournament with Cristiano Ronaldo . Brazilian star Rivaldo comes in second with 22 goals , followed by Patrick Kluivert -LRB- 20 -RRB- , Luis Enrique -LRB- 19 -RRB- and Samuel Eto'o -LRB- 16 -RRB- . To mark Barcelona passing 400 Champions League goals , we take a look at some of the highlights . Barcelona 4 Manchester United 0 -LRB- 1994-95 group stage -RRB- . A United side hampered by a limit on foreign players had the misfortune to encounter Johan Cruyff 's Barcelona ` Dream Team ' at the wrong time . Hristo Stoichkov and Romario ran United 's makeshift defence ragged in front of 114,000 fans , with the Bulgarian scoring twice and the Brazilian once before Albert Ferrer completed United 's humiliation . Romario fires home Barcelona 's second goal in their 1994 rout of Manchester United in the Nou Camp . Barcelona 5 Chelsea 1 -LRB- 1999-2000 quarter-final , second leg -RRB- . Leading 3-1 from the first leg at Stamford Bridge , Chelsea fancied their chances of getting through ahead of the return . Rivaldo 's deflected free-kick and Luis Figo 's goal had erased the deficit by half-time , though Tore Andre Flo put Chelsea back in the box seat . They were seven minutes from going through when Dani Garcia made it 3-1 and there was still time for Rivaldo to miss a penalty . Chelsea 's defence crumbled in extra-time , another penalty , this time converted by Rivaldo , and a fifth from Patrick Kluivert carried Barcelona through . Luis Figo curls the ball home during Barcelona 's 5-1 win over Chelsea in 2000 . Barcelona 2 Arsenal 1 -LRB- 2006 final in Paris -RRB- . The Champions League triumph that signalled the beginning of Barcelona 's golden age . They needed two goals in the last 14 minutes to overcome the stubborn resistance of Arsenal , who had been reduced to 10 men when Jens Lehmann brought down Samuel Eto'o just 18 minutes in . The Gunners sensationally took the lead through Sol Campbell 's thumping header eight minutes before half-time but could n't hold out as Eto'o and Juliano Belletti sunk them late on . Captain Carles Puyol lifts the trophy with Ronaldinho after Barcelona 's 2006 win over Arsenal . Barcelona 4 Bayern Munich 0 -LRB- 2008-09 quarter-final , first leg -RRB- . Pep Guardiola 's star-studded team showed their Champions League-winning potential with this demolition of Bayern in which all four goals came before half-time . In no mood to hang around , Lionel Messi opened the scoring after nine minutes and Eto'o added another three minutes later . A second from Messi and another from Thierry Henry essentially settled the two-legged contest before half-time . Thierry Henry salutes Samuel Eto'o after rounding off Barcelona 's 4-0 rout of Bayern Munich in 2009 . Barcelona 2 Manchester United 0 -LRB- 2009 final in Rome -RRB- . Sir Alex Ferguson 's team were going for their second Champions League triumph in a row and had beaten Barcelona in the 2008 semi-finals . Guardiola 's team had other ideas and exacted revenge thanks to a 10th-minute opener from Eto'o and Messi 's clincher 20 minutes from time . It was Barcelona 's midfield partnership of Xavi and Andres Iniesta that ran the game . Lionel Messi -LRB- left -RRB- and Andres Iniesta parade the European Cup after the 2009 win over Manchester United . Barcelona 4 Arsenal 1 -LRB- 2009-10 quarter-final , second leg -RRB- . One of Messi 's finest performances as the maestro scored four times to demolish Arsenal 's Champions League hopes . With the last-eight tie locked at 2-2 from the first leg , the Nou Camp was stunned when Nicklas Bendtner scored a precious away goal on 18 minutes . From then on , it was a one-man show . Messi had equalised within three minutes and had Barcelona in control with another couple before the break , including a sumptuous lob . A fourth late on made it an emphatic win . Messi scored four times as Barcelona demolished Arsenal in a 2010 quarter-final . Real Madrid 0 Barcelona 2 -LRB- 2010-11 Semi-final , first leg -RRB- . This Clasico semi-final in 2011 was a dream come true for all football fans and it was Messi and Barcelona that kept their cool as tempers frayed . Real hothead Pepe was sent off in the 61st minute and boss Jose Mourinho sent to the Bernabeu stands shortly afterwards for protesting . Cue Messi to seize control , turning home Ibrahim Afellay 's cross and then setting off on a 30-yard run to score the second . Barcelona pile on Messi after his goal in the Bernabeu semi-final back in 2011 . Barcelona 3 Manchester United 1 -LRB- 2011 final at Wembley -RRB- . Barcelona were unquestionably the best team in Europe at this time and another final triumph over United confirmed this . At Wembley , Pedro gave them the lead in the 27th minute , only for Wayne Rooney to level shortly afterwards . But Barca were by far the better team , dominating possession , and it came as little surprise when Messi fired home at the start of the second half . David Villa made sure 20 minutes from time as Barca claimed a third European Cup in five years . Pep Guardiola is thrown into the air by Barcelona after their 2011 final win over Manchester United . Barcelona 7 Bayer Leverkusen 1 -LRB- 2011-12 last 16 , second leg -RRB- . Messi raised his game to even greater heights , becoming the first player to score five goals in a Champions League fixture in this seven-goal drubbing of Bayer Leverkusen . Leading 3-1 from the first leg in Germany , there was little pressure on Barca and their domination was exemplified by their 865 passes in the game to the German side 's 217 . Many of them found their way to Messi , who scored twice before half-time and added another three after . Messi slots home his fourth goal in Barcelona 's 7-1 demolition of Bayer Leverkusen in 2012 . Manchester City 0 Barcelona 2 -LRB- 2013-14 last 16 , first leg -RRB- . City desperately wanted to make a statement on the European stage but Barcelona had other ideas in this clinical away performance . The decisive moment came in the 54th minute when Messi was fouled by Martin Demichelis , who was sent off . Messi dusted himself down to convert the penalty and Dani Alves delivered a late second after swapping passes with Neymar . Messi converts from the penalty spot in Barcelona 's 2-0 win at Manchester City last season . 22 goals - AC Milan . 18 - Celtic , Chelsea . 17 - Manchester United , Bayer Leverkusen , Arsenal . 16 - Panathinaikos , Lyon . 14 - Galatasaray . 13 - Shakhtar Donetsk , Spartak Moscow , Paris Saint-Germain . 10 - Ajax , Stutgart . 9 - Porto , BATE Borisov . 8 - Sporting Lisbon , Werder Bremen , Newcastle United . 75 - Lionel Messi . 22 - Rivaldo . 20 - Patrick Kluivert . 19 - Luis Enrique . 16 - Samuel Eto'o . 15 - Pedro . 14 - Ronaldinho . 11 - Javier Saviola , Xavi . 10 - Andres Iniesta . 8 - Neymar , Thierry Henry , Hristo Stoichkov , David Villa . 7 - Luis Figo , Gerard Pique , own goals .