Large swathes of north and central Texas were hit with tornadoes and baseball-size hail Sunday night as part of a severe storm system sweeping the region . The storm started Sunday evening in Comanche County , Texas and moved northeast towards the Dallas/Fort Worth for the next several hours . More than five tornadoes were reported in the region , including a massive funnel cloud seen forming over Stephenville , 70 miles southeast of Forth Worth . Scroll down for video . At least five tornadoes were spotted across north and central Texas Sunday evening as part of a severe storm system sweeping the region . Above , one of the tornadoes spotted in Stephenville , Texas - about 70 miles southeast of Fort Worth . According to the National Weather Service , there were also unconfirmed reports of shingles being blown off rooftops in Stephenville . One of the tornados appeared over Rio Vista , Texas and was described as slow-moving and ` extremely dangerous ' . When it was first spotted , the tornado was estimated to be about a mile wide . By 10:44 pm the tornado had moved to near Covington - just 25 miles south of Fort Worth . Above , a view of the mile-wide tornado that was spotted over Rio Vista , Texas Sunday night and described as slow moving and ` extremely dangerous ' Above , a view of where the mile-wide tornado was spotted Sunday night in Texas . Residents were urged to stay indoors and seek shelter because of flying debris . ` This is a particularly dangerous situation , ' the National Weather service warned at the time . Residents were urged to stay indoors and seek shelter because of flying debris and the possibility of ` complete destruction ' when it touched down . Nearly two dozen counties were on tornado watch Sunday night through 11 pm , with the storm system expected to die out by Monday . In addition to threatening tornadoes , the storm brought high winds over 70 mph and hail ranging in size from golf balls to baseballs . However , there were no immediate reports of damage or injuries in the aftermath of the storm . Stephenville was also hit with large hail that caused damage to vehicles in the area - including this car with a shattered windshield . Watch out : Above , some examples of the almost baseball-szie hail that hit the area of Stephenville Sunday evening . This tornado was spotted in Glen Rose , Texas on Sunday during the severe storm system which was expected to last through the night . Weather.com Senior Meteorologist Nick Wiltgen said rotating thunderstorms called supercells are behind the extreme weather seen in Texas this weekend . ` The warm , unstable air is feeding very strong updrafts , causing rapid thunderstorm development -- and the way the winds are aligned is allowing some of these storms to rotate , enhancing their potential for giant hail and possibly tornadoes , ' Wiltgen said . While the worst of the storm is supposed to be over on Monday , there is a new concern for more rain and flooding .