A home video of a six-year-old boy taking his morning pills to treat cystic fibrosis has had more than one million hits in just a week -- with no sign of global interest waning . The footage of Jesse O'Brien was taken by his mother Heidi , 37 , to encourage the brave youngster to take the vast volume of drugs he has to consume every single day to battle his terminal illness . ` I 've always wanted to be famous so this is just brilliant , ' says Jesse , from Kesgrave , Suffolk , who is seen taking nine out of his daily dose of 45 pills . Scroll down for video . Jesse O'Brien , pictured with his mother Heidi , has to take a daily dose of 45 pills to treat cystic fibrosis . A video of six-year-old Jesse O'Brien -LRB- left -RRB- taking his morning pills -LRB- right -RRB- to treat cystic fibrosis has gone viral . Heidi , a nail technician , said her idea to provide encouragement with ` likes ' on Facebook from family and friends exceeded her wildest expectations within just one hour . ` Jesse 's been in and out of hospital his whole life with his cystic fibrosis , and I remembered once taking a picture to post on Facebook and it lifting his spirits , ' Heidi revealed . ` For the past two months Jesse has been getting increasingly frustrated with the amount of medication he has to take , and last Wednesday morning I had the brainwave to try the same trick . ` Jesse 's always loved attention , so he agreed , I posted it up on Facebook and YouTube , then his dad took him to school . ' The footage of Jesse -LRB- pictured -RRB- was taken by his mum Heidi , 37 , last Wednesday to encourage the brave youngster to take the vast volume of drugs he has to consume every single day to battle his terminal illness . It was only after putting their five-month-old son Rocco down for a morning nap just over an hour later that Heidi realised this time would be different . ` I was expecting ten or maybe 20 views and likes , but saw there were over 4,000 , ' she said . ` I remember staring at the my phone thinking there must be some mistake , so I called my husband Chris , and he was as shocked as me . ` I sat there crying at how amazing it was to have so much support from complete strangers . I spent most of that day personally thanking everyone who 'd posted words of encouragement . ' By the time Heidi picked up Jesse from Heath Primary School , they had more than 12,000 views . ` I told Jesse the news when we got home and screamed and dived on the sofa -- he was hysterically happy , which brought tears to my eyes , ' she says . By 7 pm , around Jesse 's bed time , there were over 70,000 hits , so Jesse made a poster saying : ` Oh My God , this will definitely help me take my meds ! ' Jesse lives at home with his mum and dad , siblings Brooklyn Randell , 14 , Tigerlily O'Brien , five , and new four-month-old arrival Rocco O'Brien -LRB- pictured -RRB- . Jessie pictured with his sister Tigerlily during a visit to Legoland . His mum posted a picture of Jesse holding that poster up on Facebook as a way of saying thank you to all the well-wishers , realising she no longer had time to send individual messages of gratitude . By the time Heidi and Chris went to bed that evening they were up to 100,000 , then 200,000 by the end Thursday . ` We made a poster each time we hit another 100,000 , but it was snowballing so fast by the time we were finishing one poster , we 'd hit the next target -- it was crazy , ' Heidi says . ` Of course Jesse 's only six years old , so anything over 1,000 to him is incomprehensible , but he could tell by our reaction how this had gone viral . ' The video finally hit the one million mark exactly a week after Heidi posted it , first thing on Wednesday morning . ` We decided to post another video of Jesse telling everyone in his own words as we had to show how much this meant , ' she says . ` Since then I have n't been able to tell how much more than one million we 've gone to , because my phone ca n't show a bigger number than one million -- I 'm going to have to upgrade my phone ! ' ` I 've always wanted to be famous so this is just brilliant , ' says Jesse , based in Kesgrave , Suffolk , who must take 45 pills every day to manage his condition . The family has received personal messages from all over the world , Nigeria to Canada to New Zealand , and so many words of support from other families affected by cystic fibrosis . The family has received personal messages from all over the world , Nigeria to Canada to New Zealand , and so many words of support from other families affected by cystic fibrosis . Every day Jesse has to take 45 different pills , use a nebuliser to administer more medication , on top of four 15-minute physio sessions . . ` It 's crushing seeing him so upset at all this pain he has to go through , ' Heidi says . ` It 's about three hours a day , and it 's only because he 's hit this more aware age that he 's protesting , and I honestly ca n't blame him . ` But it 's my job as his mum to protect him as best I can against this terrible illness which we know will most likely take him from us in the not too distant future . ' Jesse was just a two-week-old baby when he was diagnosed with cystic fibrosis . The devastating genetic disorder hits the lungs and digestive system as they become clogged with thick sticky mucus . He was rushed to the Royal London Hospital and prescribed drugs to tackle the condition , a regime which has changed and grown with each passing year . ` Because of the video he 's now fine with the pills , but he still hates using his nebuliser , ' Heidi says . ` The trouble with cystic fibrosis is that it does n't show - you ca n't see it , so it 's harder to let people know something is wrong and to raise awareness and funds to find a cure for what is now an untreatable illness . ` People have said they 've shown the video to their son or daughter who needs medication and it 's helped them a lot . Others are saying `` Wow , if he can take nine tablets , why ca n't mine ? '' ' Jesse was just a two-week-old baby when he was diagnosed with cystic fibrosis . Jesse plays as a striker for Woodbridge Peckers and supports Ipswich Town , Liverpool and Barcelona . His dad , Chris O'Brien , 39 , a self-employed builder , said : ` I even forget he 's got CF a lot of the time . ` All my family say Jesse is a true little fighter . They always say to me , `` you 're lucky he is how he is , because he will fight it '' . ' Jesse lives at home with his siblings Brooklyn Randell , 14 , Tigerlily O'Brien , five , and new four-month-old arrival Rocco O'Brien . The family were given the bombshell after Rocco 's birth that while he does n't have the condition , he carries the same faulty gene so will need have any prospective partner tested to avoid the very risk of their children having cystic fibrosis . ` We were told that if he 'd born with CF 20 years ago his life expectancy would 've been just ten , but because of medical developments that figure 's around 30 now , ' Chris says . ` Every year that goes by more advances are made , and we 're obviously doing everything we can to raise awareness and funds . We 're just taking each day as it comes . ' Jesse , pictured as a toddler , was just a two-week-old baby when he was diagnosed with cystic fibrosis . The devastating genetic disorder hits the lungs and digestive system as they become clogged with mucus . Jesse plays as a striker for Woodbridge Peckers and supports Ipswich Town , Liverpool and Barcelona . James Barrow , spokesman from the Cystic Fibrosis Trust charity which has been supporting the family , says : ` It 's great to see young people like Jesse raising awareness of cystic fibrosis . ` His video illustrates how young people living with the condition often have to undertake a lengthy and difficult regime on a daily basis just to keep well . ' To support children like Jesse , text JESSE to 70300 to donate £ 3 to the Cystic Fibrosis Trust . Cystic fibrosis is a life-limiting genetic condition . Only half of those diagnosed with the illness live to celebrate their 40th birthday . It causes the internal organs , especially the lungs and digestive system , to become clogged with thick sticky mucus , resulting in chronic infections and inflammation of the lungs . Cystic fibrosis directly affects around 10,000 people in the UK . The faulty gene is carried by over two million people in the UK , most of whom have no idea . If two carriers have children , there 's a one in four chance their child will have the condition , which slowly destroys the lungs and digestive system . People with cystic fibrosis often look perfectly healthy . But it poses a lifelong challenge involving daily intake of drugs , time-consuming physiotherapy and isolation from others with the condition . It places a huge burden on those around them and the condition can critically escalate at any moment . Olivia and her family have been supported by the Cystic Fibrosis Trust , which is in its 50th year . The charity aims to fundraise for better treatments and investment into cutting edge research so that people with cystic fibrosis can also look forward to their fiftieth birthdays . To donate to the charity or to find out more about the condition , visit their website here .