How good to welcome Padraig Harrington back to Augusta after a year 's absence , complete with his weird and wonderful practice-ground routines . On Friday , he was at it again , but my favourite moment remains his plaintive lament after a mediocre round : ` I 'm focusing so much on my focus I 'm over-focused . ' Padraig Harrington hits a tee shot on the fourth hole during the second day of the Masters on Friday . METH ON THE RISE . Headline writers everywhere will be keeping fingers crossed that golf continues to prove an addiction for the highly rated US Public Links champion Byron Meth , who opened with a 74 on his Masters debut . As for the golfing scribes , we 're just waiting for the blessed day when he meets a lovely girl called Crystal . Byron Meth makes a chip shot on the second hole as the American amateur continues to impress at Augusta . PAR FOUR PROBLEMS . The stats from a brilliant day one made fascinating reading . The par fives are the scoring holes and lived up to their billing since all of them had a scoring average under the regulation mark . The par fours , though , are where you hang on . Half had a scoring average of 4.2 or higher , with the 11th yielding just three birdies all day . TAKING POETIC LICENSE . Top marks to the Augusta Chronicle columnist who wrote a poem about the merchandise pavilion in the 1990s so good he decided to share it with his readers again on Friday . ` They came , they saw , they bought souvenirs , ' it begins . I know how terribly disappointed you 'll be that space permits me from sharing with you the 23 stanzas that followed . Jordan Spieth marks his ball in the 15th hole during the second round of action at Augusta . NICKLAUS OR ` 99 ' ? In addition to being able to buy an Arnold Palmer as your drink of choice in Augusta you can now have Jack Nicklaus ice cream for dessert . No word yet , however , on when Bubba Watson 's Marmite or Ben Crenshaw 's treacle hits the shelves . As for Tiger Woods , he 'll surely launch his own iced lolly soon . Jack Nicklaus waves to the crowd before hitting off on the first tee during the honorary starters ceremony . AUGUSTA SEES REDS . It is not just former Liverpool captain Jamie Redknapp who 's enjoying these sacred acres this week but the club 's greatest ever player as well . I 'm going to guess mad-keen golfer Kenny Dalglish was quite happy when wife Marina produced tickets as an anniversary present . Patrons watch the play at the 16th hole during a thrilling second day of play in Augusta .