Reigning Masters champion Bubba Watson admits he must ` improve as a man ' after his fellow professionals appeared to choose him as the most unpopular player on the PGA Tour . An ESPN.com survey of 103 tour professionals - 21 of whom were major champions - anonymously answered questions on a wide range of topics , including which player they would not help in a fight in the car park . Watson , who is chasing a third green jacket at Augusta this week , got double the number of responses -LRB- 22.6 per cent -RRB- of second-place finisher Patrick Reed -LRB- 11 per cent -RRB- , with Rory Sabbatini third and Robert Allenby fourth . Bubba Watson speaks during his press conference at Augusta National on Tuesday . The reigning champion skips a ball across the water on the 16th hole during a practice round . Watson has won two green jackets but not a popularity contest among his peers . Asked on Tuesday whether the survey results irritated him , Watson replied : ` No , I take it as I need to improve as a man . I take it with pride . I need to get better . ` And I think over my career , since my rookie season to now , I 've gotten better . ` But obviously there 's more room for me to improve as a man , and hopefully the next year or the year after I will . ` It 's a challenge . It 's great . I 'm glad that it came out and it 's going to help me improve . ` So if it 's a bad thing and people do n't like me , then I 've got to improve and prove them wrong . ' Watson walks down the 12th fairway with Geoff Ogilvy of Australia as he gears up for the defence of his title . Patrick Reed , the self-assured American , came second in the players ' unpopularity poll . Watson admitted he had been involved in ` some mess ups ' on Tour but said he did not dislike any of his professional peers . ` I had the same question asked to me , so I answered that question , ' Watson said . ` I put my name on there too , because I 'm not going to call out anybody , there 's nobody I dislike on Tour . ` I dislike them if they beat me , but I do n't dislike them as a person . ` So I put my own name down there . So one of those names were me ; I wrote it down myself . ` Obviously , I 've never been in a fight in my life , so if I was in a fight , it was my fault . ` I caused somebody to get angry . So yeah , I would n't help myself either . '