A nine-year-old girl who plummeted 30ft headfirst down the inside of a hollow tree claims she ` went to heaven and sat in Jesus 's lap ' while unconscious after the fall . Her mother , Christy Wilson Beam , 42 , has spoken of her amazement after Annabel , now 12 , escaped the horrifying accident unscathed - even waking miraculously cured of a devastating illness that had plagued her childhood . For the first time in her life , she can eat solid food -- and her mother thinks her brush with Jesus is the reason why . Scroll down for video . Annabel Beam , now 12 , believes she visited Heaven when unconscious after falling 30ft at the age of nine . Annabel -LRB- centre -RRB- , with her mother Christy and father Kevin and her sisters Abigail -LRB- right -RRB- and Adelynn -LRB- left -RRB- . In December , 2011 , Annabel was playing outside the family 's Texas home with her sisters Abigail , now 14 and Adelynn , now ten , when she slipped and fell inside a hollowed-out cottonwood tree . Mum Christy said : ` She hit her head three times on the way down and this is consistent with the findings of an MRI scan . ` With the facts in front of me now , I see it all with sickening clarity . ` Sometimes at night , it replays in my head -- a dark twist on Alice tumbling down the rabbit hole . ' An emergency fire crew managed to harness Annabel to safety and she was rushed to Cook Children 's Hospital in Fort Worth in a helicopter . Fearing the worst , medics prepped brain and spinal injury teams to stand by for Annabel 's arrival -- but , incredibly , she survived without a scratch . Video : Today . Annabel survived the horrific fall with only bumps and bruises . The doctors said ` I guess someone up there was looking out for her ' Annabel 's mother , Christy , and father , Kevin , believe their daughter , saying she ` has no interest in melodrama ' Doctors told her relieved parents : ` I guess someone up there was looking out for her . ' ` The ER doc told us the one thing we were n't expecting to hear , ' her mother said . ` He said , `` Other than a possibly concussion and some superficial bumps and bruises , she does n't appear to have been injured at all . '' ' -LSB- My husband -RSB- Kevin and I exchanged a look of pure astonishment . ' In the days following the accident , Annabel began to talk of religious visions she experienced while lying unconscious . She told her parents : ` I went to heaven when I was in that tree . I sat in Jesus ' lap . ' ` I saw in Anna 's eyes the conscious decision to confide in us , ' Christy said . ` There was no drama , she was n't playing either . ` This was n't like one of her long , spun-out recaps of a funny dream or movie she 'd seen . ` She 'd been through enough real drama in her short life . She had no interest in melodrama . ' -LSB- She described -RSB- some of what she 'd experienced while inside the tree -- how the gates of Heaven are made of gold , how Jesus told her it was n't time . ' A cross marks the hollowed-out cottonwood tree , where Annabel plummeted 30ft headfirst to the bottom . Initially , Christy was concerned that Annabel was indicating a head injury , but MRI and CT scans revealed she had not sustained one . Further tests also revealed Annabel had remarkably stopped displaying symptoms of pseudo-obstruction motility disorder , a rare incurable condition that had seen her in and out of hospital since 2008 . Doctors advised she could begin to come off the antibiotics she had been taking for years . Instead of taking ten different types of medication throughout the day , she only needed three , and the painkillers that were prescribed ` as and when she needed them ' were not required at all . Previously , Annabel 's medication meant she had to have a liquid diet or stick to soft , bland food -- but now , she can happily tuck into pizzas and McDonald 's happy meals . The family have gone more than a year without a single visit to the doctor . ` I ca n't explain what happened to her physically while she was in that tree , ' said her father Kevin . ` All I have to go on is the radiological data and the medical records from before and after . ` The proof is in the pudding . She was n't well before and now she is . ` All I know beyond that is that she believes she went to Heaven . And I believe her when she tells me she believes it . ' Nine-year-old Annabel was playing outside with her sisters Abigail and Adelynn when she fell inside the tree . Annabel said she saw a fairy-like guardian angel as she gained consciousness , and it stayed with her while she was rescued , shining a light so she could see . Annabel talked of seeing a ` guardian angel ' as she came to . The schoolgirl said : ` I started to wake up in the tree and I could hear the firemen 's voices . And I saw an angel that looked very small , like a fairy . ` And the God winked at me through the body of the angel and what He was saying to me was , ` I 'm going to leave you now and everything is going to be okay . ` And then the angel stayed with me the entire time , shining a light so I could see . We did n't talk . We just sat together peacefully . ' She also spoke of seeing Mimi , her great-grandmother who 'd died in 2010 after surgery on a blocked intestine . When asked what Jesus looked like , Annabel said : ` He had a beautiful long white robe , dark skin and a big beard -- kinda like Santa Claus , but not really . '