Five Afghan men were found hiding in the back of a refrigerated lorry after travelling 200 miles across Britain . It is thought the migrants had climbed into the British-registered truck in Belgium before crossing the channel and entering the UK illegally . Police sniffer dogs were used to find them after officers opened the truck 's back doors on the A40 near Churcham , Gloucestershire . A group of Afghan men discovered crammed in a refrigerated lorry in Gloucestershire are removed by police . Photos taken by officers show the tiny space the men had climbed into between crates in the packed trailer of the HGV . Gloucestershire police tweeted photos of the moment the men were brought out of the lorry this morning . They tweeted : ' -LSB- Police dog -RSB- Max & his handler assisting on the A40 at Churcham . 5 stowaways on board from Afghanistan . ' 1 of the 5 men from the refrigerated HGV on the A40 at Churcham . Possibly climbed in in Belgium . ' The men were found a week after an illegal camp of migrants was cleared in Calais , the French port closest to Britain . It is believed the men boarded the lorry in Belgium before crossing the channel and travelling across Britain . Sniffer dog Max helped find the men , who had wrapped themselves up in hats and scalves in the cold . Around 200 people were thought to have been living in a sports hall but were told to move on or face arrest by French authorities . The port 's outspoken mayor has already blamed Britain 's benefits system for attracting the migrants , thousands of whom have massed in Calais waiting for an opportunity to sneak into lorries , cars or caravans and enter Britain . Eleven suspected illegal immigrants were arrested last week after they were seen clinging to a moving lorry last week . The group , believed to be from Syria , were arrested on the M20 motorway near Folkestone , Kent , on suspicion of illegal entry into Britain after they were seen riding on top of the vehicle by a fellow driver . It is the latest in a series of similar incidents after French authorities began dealing with huge numbers of migrants who have set up camp in Calais and are desperate to reach Britain .