A bitter fast food war has erupted in Italy after a McDonalds ' advert , which claimed Italian children preferred happy meals to pizza , caused so much offence chefs are now threatening legal action . Restaurateurs in the country are so angry with the US corporation , the largest chain of burger restaurants in the world , for attacking their cultural diet that have said they will take them to court . The row erupted over an 18 second video advert advert which appeared to prove that kids preferred a Happy Meal to a margherita pizza . Scroll down for video . The advert has Italian chefs in uproar , as it appears to claim that Italian children prefer happy meals to traditional pizza . The advert opens in a traditional Italian restaurant where the young Italian boy appears bored by the pizzas . A top pizza chef described the advert ` blasphemy ' and the True Neapolitan Pizza Association has accused McDonald 's of a ` shameful ' attack . The McDonald 's spot shows a waiter in a traditional pizza restaurant asking a small boy , who is peering at a menu with his parents , which pizza he would like . He replies he wants ` A Happy Meal ' , and the camera then pans to a shot of the family sitting in a McDonald 's with his meal . At the end of the advert a voice says : ` Your little boy had no doubt . ' Massimo Di Porzio , vice president of The True Neapolitan Pizza Association in Naples , said : ` We 've had enough of them making money at the expense of children 's health . ` Our legal team is looking at the possibility of legal action to put an end to this shameful attack on a symbol of the Mediterranean diet . ` It is not the first time and it will not be the last time McDonald 's has tried to attack our cultural traditions but this time we are intent on taking action , which , if we win , will allow us to invest in courses to help educate children about food . ' Eduardo Pagnani , owner of the famous Pizzeria Brandi in Naples , said it was ` blasphemy ' to suggest children preferred hamburger . Riot police had to protect McDonald 's branches in 20 Italian cities when demonstrators flung raw meat at stores in 2000 . Eduardo Pagnani , owner of the famous Pizzeria Brandi in Naples , said it was ` blasphemy ' to suggest children preferred hamburgers . He stormed : ` Do n't ridicule pizza , it is quality food and the best known in the world , ' McDonald 's claimed that probably all the great chefs in Naples had brought their children to the restaurant chain and they had not meant to attack Italian food culture . It is not the first time McDonald 's and Italian foodies been at odds over their menus . Riot police had to protect McDonald 's branches in 20 Italian cities when demonstrators flung raw meat at stores in protest at the growth of massive food companies in 2000 . In 1986 a huge demonstration against the location of a new restaurant at the Spanish Steps in Rome led to the formation of the world famous Slow Food movement . Even the waiter , whose Italian restaurant is slammed in the ad , appears delighted with the child 's choice .