Peter Houston goaded his vanquished rival Alan Stubbs after Falkirk stunned Hibernian to steal a 1-0 Scottish Cup semi-final triumph at Hampden . Houston claimed that Stubbs should be examining tactical failings that led to the downfall of Hibs rather than highlighting Falkirk 's fortune on the day . The broadside was in response to Stubbs insisting it 's Hibs who fully deserve to be waiting for Inverness Caledonian Thistle or Celtic in next month 's showpiece at the national stadium after bossing the match . Craig Sibbald finally breaks the deadlock for Falkirk with a stooping header that left Hibernian hearts broken . Sibbald rises above his marker to direct his header towards goal in the heat of Hampden Park . Sibbald salutes the travelling Falkirk supporters after scoring the decisive goal in the 74th minute . The Falkirk players celebrate taking the lead against Hibernian in the Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden Park . Hibernian -LRB- 3-5-2 -RRB- : Oxley ; Forster , Hanlon , Fontaine ; McGeouch , Allan , Robertson -LRB- Dja Djedje 80 -RRB- , Fyvie , Stevenson ; El Alagui , Cummings -LRB- Malonga 87 -RRB- . Subs not used : Craig , Stanton , Handling , Cerny , Dunsmore . Booked : Forster , Allan . Falkirk -LRB- 4-3-3 -RRB- : MacDonald ; Duffie , McCracken , Grant , Leahy ; Taiwo , Vaulks , Sibbald , Smith ; -LRB- Bia Bi 45 -RRB- , Morgan -LRB- Muirhead 77 -RRB- , Alston . Subs not used : Bowman , Dick , Cooper , Blair , O'Hara . Scorer : Sibbald 74 . Booked : Taiwo . Referee : John Beaton . However , the Easter Road side failed to convert dominance into a goal and Craig Sibbald 's 75th-minute header settled the tie . Houston pinpointed that all six of his team 's goals against Hibs this season -- in three wins and a draw -- had come from crosses . He said : ` After every game we 've played against Hibs this season , they have deserved to win according to Alan . ` What he should maybe think about is where we are getting our goals from -- crosses into their box . Deal with it . ` As a coach , I 'd be concerning myself with losing goals the way Hibs lose them to us . ` Look at the videos . They ca n't deal with crosses into the box , so that 's his problem , not mine . ` Of course , Hibs were unfortunate not to win . I 'm straight up on that . They hit the crossbar and the post . ` But rather than say only one team deserved to win , he should think about how the team beat you . Then look back at the other times . Hibernian manager Alan Stubbs -LRB- left -RRB- and Falkirk manager Peter Houston shake hands before the match . The Hibernian supporters ca n't quite believe their luck as Fraser Fyvie and Scott Allan both hit the woodwork . Lewis Stevenson misses from close range for Hibernian on one of those afternoon 's for Alan Stubbs ' side . There was n't much too cheer about for Hibernian fans in a sparse Hampden Park crowd on Saturday . ` They were the better football side today but do n't disrespect us by saying we did n't deserve to win -- we put a lot into the match defensively . ` The most important thing is that we scored the goal to win the match . ' Houston ' s blast will add extra spice to the fifth meeting of the season -- on May 2 when the race for the Championship play-off places goes down to the wire . And Stubbs has implored his players to overcome the agony of yesterday 's smash-and-grab defeat by winning a spot in the top flight . ` This will make us stronger , it has to . We have to get over it . It 's my job to pick the players up and they need to pick themselves up because there is still plenty to play for . ` My reaction is one of disbelief that we have n't come through that game . We can ' t create the amount of chances we created and not score . ` We controlled the entire game and that makes it worse . But that 's semi-finals and that can happen . I just wish we had some of the luck the opposition had . '