Graffiti artists are hoping to raise a smile with stressed-out Beijing residents -- by painting neglected phone booths so that they look like the lovable robot Baymax from the Disney movie Big Hero 6 . An eight-strong team have transformed more than 30 telephone booths in China 's capital city into a representation of Baymax , who has attracted a cult following in the country . Xiao Wang told The People 's Daily Online that he and his fellow graffiti artists -- most of them design students -- worked through the night to complete project ` Beijing Warmth ' . Phone booths in Beijing have been painted in the style of Disney character Baymax by graffiti artists . The team of artists painted 30 phonebooths in five hours overnight , calling the project ` Beijing Warmth ' The loveable character Baymax appears in the movie Big Hero 6 about a young boy with a talent for robotics . Starting at midnight , they hit the streets in teams of four to spend five hours working on the phone boxes , using a total of 24 cans of paint . The 28-year-old said that living and working in Beijing is ` very stressful ' -- adding that he himself had witnessed three people take their own lives in just one month . ` We chose this area due to the higher population of young people ' , he said , adding he thinks the team 's work has improved the road . However their work may soon be removed , after a spokesman from the Haidan Municipal Committee said the phone booths - usually red - should not have been painted a different colour . Artist Xiao Wang said they wanted to raise a smile with burnt-out Beijing residents who live stressful lives . As the Baymax craze sweeps China , a flight school even has their teacher dressing up as the robot . An official from the Beijing Municipal Government said there were no set rules on how to deal with graffiti , and the response was different depending on the content . If the artwork was not offensive and colouring matched the surroundings then it could be allowed to stay , he added . ` Big Hero 6 ' won the Oscar for the best animated feature in February this year , and its popular character Baymax has a won big following in China after it was released in February . The film became the highest grossing Disney film in China , taking in more than $ 51 million . Trainee flight attendants at the Sichuan Southwest Vocational College have began dressing like the robot during their lessons , while another craze has seen parents making dumplings in the shape of Baymax to encourage their children to eat . ` Big Hero 6 ' is the highest grossing Disney films of all time in China , taking in more than $ 51 million .