Children who watch films featuring alcohol consumption are more likely to binge drink , a new study has revealed . Scientists quizzed more than 5,000 British teenagers about their drinking habits and the films they had watched from a list of 50 , including Bridget Jones ' Diary and Aviator . Those who had watched the most films which featured characters drinking alcohol were 20 per cent more likely to have tried alcohol and 70 per cent more likely to binge drink . Danger : Young people who watch films where characters drink alcohol -LRB- such as The Hangover -RRB- are more likely to binge drink . The research also revealed that between 1989 and 2008 almost three quarters of popular UK box office films depicted alcohol use - but only six per cent were classified as adult only . Lead author Andrea Waylen , from Bristol University , said children were not getting an accurate perception of drinking - and called for films to be rated by alcohol content . She said : ` Alcohol is a drug and it has potentially adverse effects , not only for individuals but also for family and friends . ` It 's not very often that we see the adverse effects of alcohol portrayed - like vomiting , rotten hangovers . ` In my view , we do n't really get an accurate representation of what alcohol is like . ' The research is the latest installment from the Children of the 90s study . It involved 5,000 British 15-year-olds who were questioned on a variety of topics in the mid-2000s . They were asked which films they had seen from a list of 50 popular releases the researchers had already watched - and had added up the minutes in each film that showed alcohol use . Role model : Daniel Craig 's character James Bond -LRB- left -RRB- is partial to a vodka martini . The new research revealed that between 1989 and 2008 almost three quarters of popular UK box office films depicted alcohol use - but only six per cent were classified as adult only . The results revealed that children who had watched the most alcohol scenes were almost two-and-a-half times more likely to have a drink more than once per week . They were also twice as likely to have alcohol-related problems than those less exposed . The study concluded that the current rating system was not adequate for parents trying to limit their childrens ' exposure to drinking . Dr Waylen added : ` My guess is there needs to be a level of identification with the drinker in the film . ` Kids are more likely to identify with consuming characters in films where alcohol use is made to look cool , get you friends , win the girl or boy . ` Adverse outcomes from alcohol use are a large societal public health problem and rating films according to alcohol content may reduce problem-related alcohol use and associated harm in young people . ' The study was published in the journal Pediatrics .