A desperate leukaemia patient is lying over hot coals every day in the hope it will kill off cancer cells . Jia Binhui , 25 , can not afford hospital treatment and hopes his alternative treatment will fight the deadly disease . He claims experts advised him that temperatures higher than 42 degrees Celsius can kill the cancerous cells in his body , according to the People 's Daily Online . Brave : Jia Binhui , who can not afford hospital treatment , hopes his home-made alternative treatment will fight the deadly disease . He built a human barbecue in his garden in Yunlong County in southwest China 's Yunnan Province , which he lies on above a fire below , like a spit roast . Jia , who was diagnosed with blood cancer in 2013 , has had a bone marrow transplant , costing £ 55,000 , which was funded by well-wishers . Coming from a family of poor farm workers , further hospital treatments have used up his remaining funds . Fire starter : Jia Binhui collects sawdust , twigs and sticks to set a fire that he can lie above . Contraption : Jia lies on top of the wooden poles once the fire -LRB- right -RRB- has died down . He hopes temperatures above 42C will cure his cancer . Desperate bid : He hopes the scorching coals will cure his leukaemia cells after running out of money for hospital treatment . Jia wrote on his Weibo account : ` They say experts believe a temperature higher than 42 degrees Celsius can kill cancer cells , so I set up a contraption in my backyard to try . ` Let 's see if it works . ' Last month , Jia married his long-term girlfriend Liu Yuan and said he refuses to be defeated by the disease . The fire is made using sawdust , twigs and branches which he then lights and leaves to burn for several minutes for it to get hot enough . Determined : Jia married his long-term girlfriend Liu Yuan last month and refuses to give up despite not being able to fund cancer treatment . Home hospital : Jia has built the device at his home in southwest China 's Yunnan Province in the hope it will cure his cancer . He then lies on top of the wooden poles for as long as he can physically take the roasting temperature . ` I 've been told that it also works in water . But it 's nearly impossible to keep water constantly at 42 degrees Celsius , so I 'm using this method instead ' he said . Jai added that he will continue using this unorthodox treatment before returning to the hospital to see if his condition has improved .