A baseball fan has been taken to hospital on a stretcher after being hit in the head by a foul ball behind home plate . The woman was watching the Pittsburgh Pirates take on the Chicago Cubs at PNC Park on Monday night when she was knocked unconscious . She was making her way back to her seat during the second inning when the ball was hit behind by the Cubs ' Starlin Castro and careered into her head . Horrifying : The woman was watching the Pittsburgh Pirates take on the Chicago Cubs at PNC Park on Monday night when she was hit by a foul ball . Impact : She was making her way back to her seat during the second inning when the ball was hit behind and careered into her head . Collapse : The lady 's head of blond hair can be seen behind the batter 's left arm as she falls to the ground . Response : Following a 22-minute delay in the game , the woman was taken to hospital on a stretcher . The Pirates said in a statement that she was unconscious and thanked her caregivers as she was wheeled out . There was a net in place but , as she was standing so close , she was hit because of the slack . The horrifying incident caused a 22-minute delay in the game as EMTs treated the fan - placing her in a head brace . She was then transported to hospital having reportedly regained consciousness . The Pittsburgh Pirates tweeted : ` A scary moment here in the 2nd as a fan is hit with a foul ball.Our thoughts and prayers are with her tonight . The MLB franchise also issued a statement saying : ` During the top of the second inning , a female fan was struck in the head with a foul ball . ` After initial treatment by PNC Park and Pittsburgh EMS personnel , she was placed on a stretcher , moved to a nearby ambulance and brought to the hospital for further treatment . ` She was conscious and alert at the time of transport , graciously thanking her caregivers while giving a ` thumbs up ' gesture to nearby fans . ` Our thoughts and prayers are with her . We will share additional information as it becomes available . ' Her condition is currently unknown . Support : Concerned fans gather around the woman as she is placed in a head brace . Prognosis : The Pirates said in a statement issued after the terrifying incident that she had regained consciousness and thanked her caregivers as she was wheeled out of the stadium . From above : A fan seated higher up in the stadium took a picture as the stretcher was being prepared . ` Scary moment ' : The Pittsburgh Pirates shared their concern for the woman on Twitter during the delay .