YouTube star Cassey Ho has hit back at critics with a powerful and provocative new video , highlighting the cruel comments left by viewers of her fitness-focused clips who accuse the trim and toned online icon of being everything from ` too fat ' to ` ugly ' to ` pudgy ' . Cassey 's YouTube channel , Blogilates , has over two million subscribers , so fans may have been surprised to learn that the negative comments left under the California resident 's fitness videos still manage to get under her skin -- and have a much greater impact on her than any of the positive messages sent to her by her fans . But though mean and critical messages may have put a dent in the 28-year-old 's self-esteem , the workout pro is getting the last word with her latest video , The ` Perfect ' Body , which examines just whether conforming to society 's standards is the key to happiness , while highlighting some of the cruel comments she has received from viewers of her YouTube videos . Scroll down for video . Fighting back : In her new video , Pilates instructor and YouTube star Cassey Ho combats body-shamers who comment on her videos . She 's only human : Seemingly full of confidence , Cassey said even she has felt bad about herself after reading nasty comments calling her ` fat ' online . In a post on her Blogilates blog , Cassey said negative comments on her videos are nothing new , but the flood of nastiness has grown especially bad lately . She added that the trash-talking has even brought her to tears on more than one occasion . ` It 's hard to be content with the shape of your body when people are constantly telling you how fat you are , how much weight you need to lose , how much weight you need to gain , ' she wrote . ` What do people want ? ' Cassey goes on to explain that , through her new video , fans can see what it 's like to face that kind of negativity , and watch as her own self-esteem gets ` stripped away ' , leaving her feeling insecure and ashamed about her appearance . Fit or fat : The slim and toned blogger says that the negativity in the comments section of her YouTube channel has become especially nasty lately , and has even made her cry . Peanut gallery problems : In the new video , Cassey picks at her body , honing in on places that commenters say she could improve upon . The video begins with Cassey posting a selfie in gym clothes , taken just after a workout . She immediately starts to read the comments , and though they start off positive , soon people are telling her she should n't give fitness advice because she is fat . Cassey goes on to strip down to her underwear , examining , pinching and prodding her body , using the spiteful comments to direct her to different parts of her physique that people insist need changing . And as the video goes on , she grows more unsatisfied with herself as negative comments pop up around her . So the YouTube star gets to work , manipulating her body in a simulation of real-life Photoshop . She thins her thighs , hips , and waist , makes her butt and chest bigger , and even changes the color of her eyes . Finally , she posts another selfie of her ` improved ' look - achieved with the help of a body double - but she is clearly still unhappy , and she uses this feeling to try and show viewers that giving in to body-shaming will only leave you worse off . Before and after : The fitness expert 's body goes under a major transformation ; Cassey used a body double to achieve the final look . Moral message : Even after making her butt and chest bigger and her waist and legs smaller , Cassey still does n't find happiness at the end of the video . No Photoshop here : The retouching in Cassey 's video was meant to prove a point - she does n't use Photoshop in the photos she posts online . It seems that her ` take that ' attitude has left her detractors speechless . Readers of her blog flooded the comments section of the latest post with overwhelmingly positive feedback . ` Thank you for standing up to this struggle for girls and women everywhere , ' wrote one fan . Another chimed in : ` I absolutely applaud that you are your natural , beautiful self . I think you 're a wonderful inspiration for young people . ' Cassey hopes viewers who relate to the video 's message will share it in an effort to battle body shaming and cyber bullying .