Australia coach Darren Lehmann has defended his players following criticism of their behaviour during Sunday 's World Cup final win over New Zealand . Wicketkeeper Brad Haddin came under fire for his send-off of Kiwi opener Martin Guptill , and a photograph of Haddin and all-rounder James Faulkner mocking Grant Elliott after his dismissal cast a shadow over the Australian 's fifth World Cup triumph . Brad Haddin clapped in Martin Guptill 's face after the New Zealand batsman was bowled during the final . But Lehmann insisted Haddin was following team orders . And he was able to cite the ICC 's failure to censure his team as evidence that they had n't gone over the top . ` He 's copped a bit , has n't he ? ' Lehmann said . ` No one got reported out of the game , so we must have played it fair . It was a little bit disappointing , but people are entitled to their opinions and you 're going to have good and bad times . You accept that and you move on . ` We 're happy with the way we played , obviously . We knew we wanted to be really aggressive against them , and look , sometimes it works , sometimes it does n't . ' Grant Elliott -LRB- left -RRB- was also given a less-than-sporting send-off by Haddin and James Faulkner -LRB- second right -RRB- . Boorish behaviour on Sunday cast a shadow over the Australian 's fifth World Cup triumph . But Sportsmail 's David Lloyd , who is part of the ICC 's umpire selection panel , has added his voice to the chorus of criticism aimed at the Australians . ` I was very disappointed at some of the behaviour in cricket 's showpiece event , particularly from the Australians , ' he said . ` Watching it on my TV , and as a president of a local league , I know what will happen : this will be repeated in leagues across the land , because the players will think it 's macho . It 's not . ' Meanwhile , ICC president Mustafa Kamal has resigned after falling out with his colleagues . Kamal , a Bangladeshi , had labelled the ICC the ` Indian Cricket Council ' after his side 's quarter-final loss to India was marred by questionable umpiring , and was barred from presenting the trophy at the MCG on Sunday .