A 44-year-old woman has been shot dead in front of her 12-year-old son by a stranger she simply laughed at while passing him in her car . Denise Chiffon Berry and her son were driving in Hawthorne , California on Wednesday afternoon when they passed by three men in a Cadillac - one of whom had his legs dangling out of the window . The mother and son allegedly laughed at the scene , but someone in the car did n't find it funny when he made eye contact with the 12-year-old boy . Scroll down for video . Denise Chiffon Berry , 44 , and her son -LRB- pictured -RRB- were driving in Hawthorne , California on Wednesday when a stranger in a Cadillac started shooting at them . Ms Berry died at the scene while her unidentified son survived . Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department Lt. Dave Coleman told Daily Mail Online on Friday that the mother and son were simply having a chuckle . ` Mommy says , `` Look at that , is n't that funny ? '' and they made eye contact . She drove on and they began following her , ' he told the Daily Breeze . Lt. Coleman said on Friday that no other connection between Ms Berry and the occupants of the car had been found . After driving a few blocks , Ms Berry feared the men were following her so she pulled over near the 14200 block of Kornblum Ave to tell a police officer parked there monitoring traffic . The officer told Ms Berry to park in front of him and he would investigate the Cadillac . It was as Ms Berry was parking , that the Cadillac pulled up and the man in the front passenger seat jumped out and shot at her and her son with two handguns . The police officer at the scene quickly responded and shot down the gunman . Both the gunman and Ms Berry were pronounced dead at the scene . While her son suffered gunshot wounds , he was able to run away from the scene and spoke to police before undergoing surgery on Wednesday . The 12-year-old was in a stable but fair condition as of Thursday . Denise Chiffon Berry , 44 -LRB- pictured -RRB- was pronounced dead at the scene on Wednesday . The Metro bus driver leaves her 12-year-old son and an older child , according to neighbors . The 12-year-old boy managed to get away from the scene despite being injured in the shooting and give information to police before being hospitalized and undergoing surgery . Scene : When they noticed the Cadillac was following them , the mother and son asked a police officer for help . They were pulling in front of his SUV when the white car pulled up and a man got out and started shooting . ` It appears to be random or misguided , ' Coleman said . ` We 'll have to figure that out . ... We know that , at some point , the little boy made eye contact with the suspect . We do n't know if that 's what set him off . ' Authorities have since identified the shooter as 38-year-old Robert Washington of Rialto , California . The two other men in the 1994 Cadillac were taken into custody . Driver Stanley White , 24 , faces charges of murder and conspiracy while 19-year-old backseat passenger Brandon White was arrested for conspiracy . The half brothers were being held on $ 1million bond . A neighbor who arrived on the scene said he knew Washington , who has a previous felony conviction among others , and found the attack out of character for the father-of-two . Ms Berry had worked as a Metro bus driver for the past more than four years and had an older son , neighbors said . ` She was a very nice lady , ' a neighbor said . ` She surely did n't deserve this . ' Lt Coleman told Daily Mail Online that Ms Berry and the father of her 12-year-old son appeared to be estranged . She also leaves two adult sons .