Leroy J. Toppins went missing on Friday night while playing with siblings in the front yard of his family 's home in Washington Court House , Ohio . His parents worriedly reported him missing after he disappeared about 6 pm . More than 100 locals joined a search for the toddler that lasted all day Saturday . However at 7 pm , the boy 's body was found in a pond at an old stone quarry , a short distance from where he was last seen , local network NBC 4 . The quarry had been abandoned for years . Tragedy : Leroy J. Toppins went missing about 6 pm Friday while playing with siblings in the front yard of his family 's home in Washington Court House , Ohio . His body was found in an adjacent quarry Saturday night . Scene : After a search spanning almost 24 hours , dive crews found the toddler 's body about 7 pm Friday in Sugar Creek Stone Quarry , a short distance from the family 's house . The property is adjacent to the former Sugar Creek Stone Quarry . The quarry had been abandoned for several years . Search crews had been combing through the area for almost 24 hours , but were hampered by the area 's conditions , according to Concord Green Fire Chief Ralph Stegbauer . ` Even the creek lines where the volunteers are working are very steep , ' Stegabauer told WHIO . ` A lot of brush , a lot of trees and , of course , this time of year the water is up high so we have a lot of things in the water . ' The boy 's body was found about three feet from the pond 's shore . Tragically , officials said the pond would n't have been there if it were n't for recent rain . No foul play : Police say they have no reason to consider the death of Leroy suspicious , believing he wandered off by himself . Police said the missing two-year-old was found dead in a runoff pond near his house in Fayette County . The quarry was adjacent to his family 's home and had been abandoned for years . Police do not believe the death was suspicious . ` At this point there 's nothing to indicate foul play , ' Fayette County Sheriff Vernon Stanforth told WLWT5 . ` The family has been extremely throughout the process . ` We believe the child merely just wandered away and got too close to the water . ` We 're never equipped to deal with death regardless of where it is , it 's especially troubling when you have a small baby . ' Washington Court House is a city of about 14,000 , located between Cincinnati and Columbus .