An associate dean of students at the University of Virginia said Wednesday a widely discredited Rolling Stone article caused her professional and personal harm by portraying her as insensitive and unresponsive to an alleged victim of a gang rape . Nicole P. Eramo said in an open letter Wednesday to the magazine 's publisher , Jann S. Wenner , that the magazine has not done enough to make amends . ` Rolling Stone has deeply damaged me both personally and professionally , ' Eramo wrote . ` Using me as the personification of a heartless administration , the Rolling Stone article attacked my life 's work . ' Scroll down to read full letter ... Hitting back : U.Va . dean Nicole P. Eramo blasted Rolling Stone in an open letter on Wednesday over its retracted campus rape story . The magazine furthered its ` malicious and false allegations by accompanying the article with a cartoonish picture of me doctored to appear as though I was smiling and giving a `` thumbs up '' to a crying victim , ' Eramo writes . The magazine retracted an article about sexual violence at U.Va . after the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism issued a scathing report this month concluding Rolling Stone had failed to meet journalistic standards . The magazine pledged to review its practices and removed ` A Rape on Campus ' from its website . Wenner said he wo n't fire anyone . The Charlottesville police department has said it had found no evidence to back the claims of the victim identified in the story only as ` Jackie , ' who said she was raped by seven men at the Phi Kappa Psi fraternity house . Not enough ? Eramo said the article falsely said she tried to discourage victim ` Jackie ' -LRB- left -RRB- from reporting or discussing the alleged assault . The article 's author , Sabrina Rubin Erdely -LRB- right -RRB- , has previously apologized , saying she would not repeat the same mistakes but has not been fired . Eramo said the article falsely said she tried to discourage Jackie from reporting or discussing the alleged assault . Eramo said she in fact ` arranged for Jackie to meet with detectives almost immediately after she provided information ' about being victimized at the fraternity house . The fallout from the article 's false portrayal has included emails ` expressing that hope that I be killed or raped , and commenting on that they hoped that I had a daughter so that she could be raped , ' she wrote . Eramo said the article has also hurt her ability to work with students and victims with whom she 'd developed relationships . A spokeswoman for Rolling Stone said Wednesday : ` We sincerely regret any pain we caused Dean Nicole Eramo and others affected by this story . ' The article 's author , Sabrina Rubin Erdely , has previously apologized , saying she would not repeat the same mistakes . Eramo has hired a law firm that specializes in defamation cases , but has not said what her legal plans are . Phi Kappa Psi announced after the Columbia report came out that it will ` pursue all available legal action ' against Rolling Stone . To date , no lawsuit has been filed . Final Open Letter to Rolling Stone by timothydrichardson .