A woman who has undergone 15 separate brain operations has slammed Whole Pantry founder Belle Gibson after falling for her fake cancer survival story . Ashton Taylor , 21 , from Perth , who was diagnosed with a severe brain condition called dural arteriovenous fistula in July 2013 , said not even an apology from Gibson would cut it for her . Her comments follow the admission from the lying health guru and wellness blogger that she had made up her story about having brain cancer . ` How dare you stand up on national television and say you 've changed your lifestyle and survived a brain tumour ? ' Miss Taylor said of Gibson to Daily Mail Australia . Scroll down for video . Ashton Taylor , from Perth , has slammed Belle Gibson over her false claims she had terminal brain cancer . The 21-year-old student has been in and out of hospital after she was diagnosed with a severe brain condition . Gibson was named the Social Media Star of the Year Cosmopolitan Fun Fearless Female Awards in 2014 . The Whole Pantry gained media attention because of Gibson 's remarkable story about cancer survival . ` My family has had it pretty tough and they 've worked hard to keep it together but for you to come in and take away millions of dollars from people is just disgusting . ` I do n't think she 'll ever redeem herself . A simple sorry will not cut it . ' Gibson , whose Whole Pantry app was downloaded by more than 300,000 people , triggered international outrage when it emerged she had failed to pass on donations to various charities . ` I thought if she could do it then I could do it too , ' Miss Taylor said . ` At first I was sceptical about the app but Belle seemed to have gone through so much . ` Even though my brain condition was more severe -- I thought the app would be good so I wanted to take a shot and see how things go . I even used some of the recipes in an attempt to help improve my health . ` But after reading the article , I 'm infuriated beyond belief . She needs to refund everyone who ever bought her app and believed her lies . ` It 's people 's lives she 's meddling with and she gave us so much hope . ' Miss Taylor , who is studying a degree in communications and marketing , has undergone 15 brain surgeries , numerous angiograms , hundreds of blood tests and several MRI scans in two years . Miss Taylor said she felt tricked after believing Gibson 's cancer story but an apology wo n't cut it . Gibson confessed the truth behind her cancer diagnosis in an interview with the Women 's Weekly . At Ashton 's 21st birthday : From left to right - Ashton with her mum Suzannah , sister Ciara and dad Mark . Gibson with her Social Media Star of the Year Award -LRB- left -RRB- and Miss Taylor in hospital with her mum Suzannah . ` I went from being a busy , happy and sociable person but I had it all taken from me when I started to suffer a debilitating brain condition in July 2013 , ' she told Daily Mail Australia . ` I had to take a year off uni to recover and recuperate because you ca n't do brain surgery and study at the same time . I had to move back home so my family could look after me . ` Do you know what it 's actually like to go through this ? Belle has upset so many people , including my mum who is a breast cancer survivor and a sufferer of Cowden 's Syndrome . ` I want Belle to know that she 's had a devastating effect on everyone . ` And she needs to get help . Help for not just herself but help to say sorry for the actions she has caused . ' The university student has undergone 15 brain surgeries - lasting seven hours for each operation . Ashton celebrating her 21st birthday , including her sister Ciara -LRB- second from left -RRB- and friend Bella -LRB- right -RRB- . Ashton , pictured with her mum Suzannah -LRB- left -RRB- who had breast cancer and a sufferer of Cowden 's Syndrome . Gibson Gibson , who has triggered a global outrage , pictured kissing her son on the head . In an upsetting letter penned to Gibson , Miss Taylor has taken to her mum Suzannah 's blog Chronicles of a Lumpy Person to share her distressing experience living with a brain condition . ` Do you even know what it 's like for someone to have brain problems ? I do . ' She wrote . ` I 'm 21 and I 've been through 15 brain surgeries to fix my brain condition , and I am still needing to have more surgery in the coming months , ' ` Each one of my surgeries has lasted on average 7 hours . Do you know how painful those 7 hours are for my family and friends ? It makes my heart sink every time they 've waited for me while I 'm in surgery . ` I am ashamed to have wasted my money on your app . I am someone who believed in your lies . Someone that you instilled a glimmer of hope in . ` Belle Gibson , all I can say is this to you . How dare you ? '