A 50-year-old man should die in prison for the alleged brutal murder of his wife - 20 years after he killed his first partner , prosecutors said on Monday . Tony Degrafreed , of Indianapolis , Indiana , has been charged with murder for allegedly beating to death wife Rebecca Degrafreed , 47 , at their home on July 20 , 2014 . Marion County prosecutor 's office filed the request on Monday , for life without the chance of parole for Degrafreed . Tony Degrafreed , of Indianapolis , -LRB- pictured right -RRB- allegedly beat to death wife Rebecca Degrafreed , 47 , -LRB- left -RRB- at their home in July 2014 . Degrafreed , of Indianapolis , -LRB- left -RRB- has been charged with murder for allegedly beating to death wife Rebecca , who worked at IU Methodist Hospital -LRB- right -RRB- . According to a statement from the Marion County prosecutor 's office : ` Rebecca Degrafreed was discovered in the couple 's bedroom with a bloody baseball bat next to her body and a knife on the bed . ` Witnesses in the home reported that they heard a banging noise from the bedroom where the victim was found . ' Rebecca Degrafreed died from blunt and sharp force traumatic injures to the head and neck , according to an autopsy report . Mrs Degrafreed 's son , Jordan Yarbro , was also injured in the incident when Degrafreed allegedly stabbed him in the chest before fleeing the scene . Family members said Rebecca , who worked at IU Methodist Hospital , married Tony in 2006 after he 'd been released from prison . The mother-of-three accepted her new husband 's past and devoted herself to his rehabilitation , relatives said . The couple had originally met as teenagers . In January 1994 , Tony Degrafreed was arrested and charged with murder , two counts of attempted murder and illegal possession of a handgun , The Indianapolis News reported . According to news reports at the time , he shot his estranged 26-year-old wife , Stacy Degrafreed , in the chest and thigh . She died in hospital . Police said he also shot two neighbors , Frank and Phyllis Sommerville , in the same incident . He was convicted of murder in 1995 and sentenced to 30 years in prison , but served less than half of that sentence . In January 1994 , Tony Degrafreed -LRB- center -RRB- was arrested and charged with the murder of his estranged wife along with two counts of attempted murder and illegal possession of a handgun . Rebecca Degrafreed 's sons Jordan -LRB- left -RRB- and Jeffery Yarbro -LRB- center -RRB- pictured with their cousin outside the victim 's Indianapolis home where their mother was killed .