A couple who married in their teens and suffer from cystic fibrosis are in a race against time as the young wife waits for a life-saving lung transplant . Katie Prager , 24 , was diagnosed with an infection in her lungs in September 2009 and is desperately in need of a transplant as doctors predicted she would not live a year without new lungs . As her health continues to decline , her husband Dalton , 23 , who has already received new lungs , is pleading for help . Her insurance company , Kentucky Medicaid , will not pay for the out-of-state treatment she needs at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center , he says . Dalton pleaded : ` They are turning my wife into a number , a statistic , a dollar sign . I can not lose her . This ca n't be the end of our love story . ` We are both ready to continue fighting but at this point we are running out of options and need your help . Please help me save my wife Katie . ' Scroll down for video . Katie and Dalton Prager -LRB- above -RRB- , who suffer from cystic fibrosis , followed their hearts and married as teens in 2011 . Katie , left , was diagnosed with an infection in her lungs called Burkholderia Cepacia , and is desperately in need of a transplant as doctors predicted she would not live a year without new lungs . Dalton has already received new lungs , but Katie is waiting as Kentucky Medicaid will not pay for the out-of-state-treatment she needs at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center . For the couple who put everything on the line when they first met in person in 2009 , her husband can not imagine losing the love of his life who he married four years ago . In December 2014 , Katie was discharged from the Pittsburgh hospital after a long stay and returned to Kentucky , but began having trouble breathing three days later . The hospital would not admit her because Medicare would not pay because she had used her lifetime maximum , the couple says . She will not be covered for the expensive out-of-state medical procedure again until she spends 60 consecutive days out of the hospital . She was admitted into University of Kentucky Hospital , but it however , does not do transplants on patients with the kind of infection that Katie has . ` Sixty days out of the hospital is not an option for her anymore . Medicaid is also not an option as it will not cover her transplant due to UPMC being ` out of network ' , ' Dalton wrote on the couple 's YouCaring page . ` After explaining to Medicaid and Pittsburgh that there are only two places in the country , who would operate , due to -LRB- the bacteria -RRB- Cepacia , -LRB- UPMC and Duke Medical Center -RRB- still refused to work together to help her . ` She is struggling to attempt to negotiate her healthcare options from her hospital bed at the University of Kentucky . ' Dalton said : ` They are turning my wife into a number , a statistic , a dollar sign . I can not lose her . This ca n't be the end of our love story ' Only three months away from their four-year anniversary , the couple has not been together since November 2014 when Dalton received new lungs , and hope they can be together to celebrate . Katie said that she feels like efforts to get transferred to Pittsburgh are at a standstill and that something needs to be done . ` It needs to happen soon . Nervous they are n't going to accept my case and that I 'll have to restart this whole process at a completely different hospital , ' she wrote on the couple 's Facebook page . In February , Dr. Michael Anstead who is Katie 's pulmonologist at the University of Kentucky , wrote a letter to Medicaid seeking for them to make an exception and pay for Katie 's care in Pittsburgh , according to CNN . But Kentucky Medicaid denied the proposal saying UPMC declined to enroll as a Kentucky Medicaid provider . ` Medicaid policies allow for a simplified enrollment process for out-of-state providers in such situations , ' Gwenda Bond , spokeswoman for the Kentucky Cabinet for Health and Family Services wrote in a statement to CNN . ` Should UPMC reverse its decision and choose to enroll as a Kentucky Medicaid provider , the Department for Medicaid Services ... will be happy to expedite their application . ' However , the hospital claims that Medicaid told them if they wanted to treat Katie , they would be required to sign up hundreds of doctors to accept Kentucky Medicaid patients . ` UPMC wants to help Katie , and our physicians and staff have done everything possible to make that happen ... It is up to Kentucky Medicaid to address this situation , ' wrote spokeswoman Wendy Zellner . So far , the couple relies on communication on phones and computers to keep in touch . UPMC said they are want to help Katie but said it is up to Kentucky Medicaid to address the situation . While Katie seems to be caught in limbo , the director of the media relations group at the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services said they are working to find a solution concerning her case by reaching out to the state agency . Only three months away from their four year anniversary in July , the couple have not been together since November 2014 when Dalton received his lung transplant at UPMC . Even though he also had Cepacia like Katie , which makes lung transplants more complicated , his has been a success . However , he has not been able to be near his wife in person until she receives a lung transplant because of the risk of infection . So far , they rely on communication through their phones or computers . But all they want is to be able to spend their anniversary together . ` I just want to make it to see our four year anniversary in July and be able to hold hands and just hug , ' Katie told CNN . ` That 's all I really want -- to be able to hug my husband on our fourth anniversary . ' So far , the couple 's YouCaring page has raised $ 43,425 in donations out of its goal of $ 50,000 .