A 15-year-old boy has been arrested for allegedly robbing , beating and sexually assaulting a woman on a Chicago train after his mother recognized his face on released surveillance images and turned him in to police . DeShawn Isabelle punched the 41-year-old woman in the head from behind and then dragged her to the ground by pulling on her hair before continuing to punch her in the head and face as she crouched in the fetal position , according to Assistant State 's Attorney Joe DiBella . Isabelle also stole $ 2,000 in cash that the woman was going to wire back to her family in Thailand and spent it on junk food , Air Jordan track suits and his graduation fees , DiBella said . Scroll down for video . DeShawn Isabelle , 15 , has been arrested for allegedly robbing , beating and sexually assaulting a woman on a Chicago train after his mother recognized his face on surveillance images and turned him in to police . The middle school student was sitting in the otherwise empty carriage when the woman boarded the CTA train in Oak Park on Monday at 3 pm , according to the Chicago Tribune . During the brutal beating , Isabelle put his hands inside the woman 's pants and sexually assaulted her , according to DiBella . The teen also allegedly groped the woman over her clothes and slapped her buttocks and then sat on her head as he continued to beat her . Isabelle pinned the woman down with his knees when the train stopped at the next station , prosecutors said . When no one entered the carriage , he then dragged the woman by her hair to a partially enclosed area and continued to punch , kick and stomp all over the woman 's body as he pushed her face down and demanded money , DiBella said . Isabelle then stole the woman 's iPhone and got off on the Cicero stop to hop a train heading in the opposite direction , DiBella said the teenager later told authorities . The woman pushed the car 's emergency button after the train began moving again and was attended to by CTA personnel . She was left with bruises and cuts all over her body as well as a concussion after the six-minute ride . Isabelle was sitting in the otherwise empty carriage when the woman boarded the CTA train in Oak Park on Monday at 3 pm and allegedly beat and assaulted her during the six minute ride before getting off at Cicero . DiBella said the woman was still vomiting from the extent of her injuries on Wednesday , according to NBC Chicago . Isabelle 's mother turned her son in to the police after she recognized his face in surveillance photos publicly released by the CTA following the brutal attack . DiBella said the teenager admitted to robbing , beating and sexually assaulting the woman and gave a handwritten confession . Isabelle 's fingerprints were also matched to the train window he was seen touching and kicking in the CTA surveillance video before attacking the woman , according to DiBella . Police also searched the middle school student 's home and recovered the jacket he is seen wearing in the video of the assault , DiBella said . Officers were also able to recover the woman 's iPhone after Isabelle told them where he had discarded it , according to prosecutors . Isabelle was charged as an adult with aggravated sexual assault and robbery and is being held on $ 1million bail . The teen was previously convicted as a juvenile for misdemeanor theft . Isabelle 's mother became aggravated as DiBella held a press conference to discuss the prosecution 's version of the case , according to the Chicago Tribune . ` Do n't talk that s *** about my child , ' she yelled , before she was told to leave .