It has been a key part school chemistry lessons for more than a century , but now the periodic table may need to be redrawn after scientists found a rare element may be very different from originally thought . Researchers have for the first time been able to test how much energy is required to strip an electron from an atom of the radioactive element lawrencium . The rare metal currently sits at the very bottom of the periodic table at the end of a group of elements known as the actinides , which sit in a separate block from the main table . But the results of new research suggest the element may have properties similar to sodium and potassium , which may fuel arguments that it would be better placed in the main body the periodic table . Lawrencium , marked as Lr on the periodic table above , currently sits in a separate block from the main table . If it is redraw , it means that chemistry students could have to relearn the order of how the elements appear . Lawrencium , which was first discovered in 1961 by the nuclear scientist Ernest Lawrence , is notoriously difficult to make and only exists for a few seconds at a time . This has made the element , which can only be generated in particle accelerators , extremely difficult to study . There are several newly discovered atoms that currently do not appear on the periodic table . Two years ago scientists claimed to have discovered the existence of a new atom with an atomic number of 115 . This makes it one of the heaviest chemical elements detected to date and does not occur naturally . Instead scientists had to synthesis it in the laboratory by bombarding a film of another heavy element known as americium with calcium ions . The resulting element lasted for just a fraction of a second before it decaying into more commonly found elements . Although still to be officially named , it has been given the temporary name of ununpentium . The International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry has also recently announced that nineteen elements have had their atomic weights reassessed . Among those to have had their standard atomic weights adjusted are elements like aluminium , fluorine , arsenic , caesium , cadmium and selenium . While some of the atoms were found to have an average weight that was a tiny fraction greater than previously calculated , others decreased . Overall the total atomic weight displayed on the periodic table increased by 0.003640021 as a result of the changes . But now researchers at the Japan Atomic Energy Agency have been able to create enough to measured the ionisation potential of lawrencium for the first time . Speaking to Chemistry world , Yuichiro Nagame , a researcher at the Japan Atomic Engery Agency who took part in the study , said : ` -LSB- Lutetium and lawrencium -RSB- -- the last column of lanthanides and actinides -- could be put into the group III column of the periodic table , under scandium and yttrium . ' The current structure of the periodic table was drawn up in 1945 after the Nobel-prize winning chemist Glenn Seaborg suggested the actinides - rare radioactive elements - belonged in a separate part of the table which is known as ` f-block ' . However , some chemists have argued that placing lawrencium at the end of this block was incorrect and they should be put in the 'd - block ' of the main table . Dr William Jensen , a chemist at the University of Cincinnati , argues that along with lutetium , lawrencium is misplaced in the f-block . In a paper published in the journal Foundations of Chemistry last month , he said : ` Though there are many misconceptions concerning the nature and function of the periodic law and table , perhaps the most prevalent among modern chemists is the belief that the periodic table is nothing more than an electron configuration table . ` While there is certainly a significant correlation between electron configurations and chemical periodicity , the correlation is far from perfect . ` Lutetium and lawrencium , rather than Lanthanum and Actinium , should be assigned to the d-block as the heavier analogs of Scandium and Yttrium , whereas Lanthanum and Actinium should be considered as the first members of the f-block with irregular configurations . ' Lawrencium , represented by the diagram left , was discovered by nuclear scientist Ernest Lawrence -LRB- right -RRB- . Lawrencium was first generated by Ernest Lawrence by bombarding californium atoms with boron atoms to create the new superheavy element . However , scientists have only ever been able to produce minuscule amounts of the substance and it has a half life of 27 seconds . The new study , which is published in the journal Nature , used the same approach as Lawrence to create the element that bears his name but captured it in a helium and cadmium iodide gas . This was passed through a heated tantalum surface giving the short-lived lawrencium enough energy to shed its outer electron - the ionisation potential . The researchers found this matched a recent prediction of 4.96 eV - giving it the lowest ionisation potential of all elements in the f-block . This representation of the periodic table shows the ionisation potential of elements following the new results . However , in a statement , the Japan Atomic Energy Agency said it did not feel it affected the structure of the periodic table . They said : ` Since the introduction of the ` actinide concept ' as the most dramatic modern revision of the Periodic Table of the Elements by Glenn Seaborg in the 1940s , the element with atomic number 103 , lawrencium -LRB- Lr -RRB- , played a crucial role as the last element in the actinide series . ` We show that removing the outermost electron requires least energy in Lr among all actinides , as was expected . T . ` This validates the position of Lr as the last actinide element and confirms the architecture of the Periodic Table . ' However , Dr Eric Scerri , a chemist and historian at the University of California Los Angeles , said the results supported the push to move lawrencium into the min part of the table . He said : ` If the periodic table is presented in the more correct 32-column or long-format , and if one maintains the order of increasing atomic numbers throughout the table , one is inevitably led to the conclusion that Lu and Lr belong to group 3 and that La and Ac should be placed at the start of the f-block elements . ' Despite the debate the result is likely to now generate , Professor Andreas Türler , a chemist at the Albert Einstein Centre for Fundamental Physics at the University of Bern , Switzerland , described the experiment as ` spectacular ' . The researchers were able to study lawrencium for the first time using an ionizer cavity -LRB- left -RRB- which revealed that the element has one of the lowest ionisation potentials of any of the atoms in the f-block -LRB- right -RRB- .