He is regarded as the next big thing in South American football and he 's coming to the Premier League . Chelsea are set to confirm the £ 4.5 m signing of Nathan Allan de Souza on Wednesday , beating rivals Manchester City to his signature . The dazzling Brazilian attacking midfielder , who turned 19 last month , arrives from Atletico Paranaense with a glowing and ever-growing reputation . Scroll down to watch video of Chelsea 's new signing Nathan in action . Chelsea are set to announce the £ 4.5 million signing of Brazilian wonderkid Nathan . Nathan tweeted the news he was set to sign for Chelsea by revealing he was headed for contract talks and a medical . He said : ` Very happy !!! In London to sign my contract with Chelsea and take tests ' Full name : Nathan Allan de Souza . Born : 13 March 1996 in Blumenau , Brazil . Position : Attacking midfield . Clubs : . Atletico Paranaense -LRB- 2014-15 -RRB- . - 13 appearances , 0 goals . Chelsea -LRB- 2015 - -RRB- . - signed April 2015 . International : . Brazil U17 - 6 caps , 5 goals . Brazil U20 - 5 caps , 0 goals . Nathan will add to the Samba feel at Stamford Bridge , joining compatriots Willian , Ramires , Filipe Luis and Oscar . And he should have plenty to offer Jose Mourinho 's side on the evidence of his highlights reel for his club and the Brazilian youth teams . The YouTube compilations certainly offer enough to get Chelsea fans excited - there are lightning-fast runs through opposition defences , pinged long balls to the forward line and a promising knack of getting into goalscoring positions . Most of the best bits come from the 2013 FIFA Under 17 World Cup , the tournament that first alerted the Premier League elite to Nathan 's talents . Although Brazil only reached the quarter-finals of the competition , Nathan scored five goals and demonstrated his full potential . He found the net twice in a 6-1 rout of Slovakia and scored two more as the hosts UAE were beaten by the same scoreline . Nathan is brought down by Martin Junas of Slovakia to win a penalty during the Under 17 World Cup in 2013 . The young midfielder made his name while starring for Brazil at the tournament two years ago in Abu Dhabi . Nathan shows his strength by shrugging off the challenge of Russia 's Dimitriy Barinov . In the last eight , he scored an 85th-minute equaliser in a 1-1 draw with Mexico , before converting in the marathon penalty shootout , which Brazil ultimately lost 10-11 . His classy performances earned him a spot in the FIFA Team of the Tournament and a star was born . At that time , Nathan was playing for the Atletico Paranaense Under 19 side . The club is based in Curitiba , a city about three hours ' drive from his hometown of Blumenau . But those performances out in the Middle East put the rocket boosters on his career , with promotion into the first-team squad at his club and advancement to the Brazil Under 20 team , for whom he has played five times . Chelsea will soon boast another Brazilian in their ranks to add to the likes of Willian -LRB- left -RRB- and Oscar -LRB- right -RRB- . Nathan will join Ramires -LRB- right , in action against QPR last Sunday -RRB- as the fifth Brazilian in the squad . Nathan will not be ready to throw into the Chelsea first-team right away . He has n't yet completed a full 90 minutes for Paranaense , with the majority of his 11 appearances in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie A coming from the bench . Leaving Brazil will come as something of a relief for Nathan and , in particular , his family following an ugly contract dispute with the Brazilian club . With his contract due to expire this month , the club informed Nathan 's father and agent , Jose Carlos de Souza , they wished to trigger a clause to keep him for another two years . Nathan currently plays in midfield for Atletico Paranaense in the Brazilian league . Nathan battles for the ball against Tiago Real of Goias at Arena da Baixada stadium in November last year . Caught off guard , Nathan 's family offered the club £ 2m to release him from the contract and allow them to negotiate with European clubs who had shown an interest . Paranaense refused , saying that figure fell well short of what they could sell the player for and went to court to settle the dispute . But with a fee now agreed with Chelsea , the club should drop the legal proceedings when he settles in at Stamford Bridge . It now remains to be seen whether Nathan can live up to his promise in the Premier League .