The Queen is hiring a sous chef who can develop their technical expertise using ` the most organic and unique sources ' from her Royal gardens . The successful applicant will have to travel to various Royal residences - including Balmoral in Scotland - for three months of the year . They must also order in ` the freshest seasonal ingredients ' from the Queen 's private Scottish retreat 's kitchen garden and game from the Royal estates . It comes after the Queen was revealed to have surprisingly simple tastes in food -- including Special K , jam sandwiches , chocolate cake , venison and scones . The former personal chef to the Queen has revealed some of her favourite foods . From Special K to venison , chocolate cake and jam sandwiches . Based mainly at Buckingham Palace , the job pays around £ 28,000-a-year - but there is accommodation available ` for which there is a salary adjustment ' . All meals are provided . The advert on the Royal website says : ` Joining this unique environment , you will be part of a team responsible for delivering daily catering for up to 500 staff , as well as canapé receptions for hundreds of guests , State banquets and the preparation of small private lunches . ' The Queen enjoys afternoon tea each day which includes scones , cakes and sandwiches with no crust . The advert on the Royal website says : ` Joining this unique environment , you will be part of a team responsible for delivering daily catering for up to 500 staff , as well as canapé receptions for hundreds of guests , State banquets and the preparation of small private lunches . ` Working alongside a team of professional chefs , you will be confident overseeing the kitchen on a daily basis . ` From ordering stock and menu design to serving a finished plate , you will be involved in all aspects of the catering operations . ` Working with the freshest seasonal ingredients from the kitchen garden at Balmoral and game from the Estates , you will be encouraged to develop your technical expertise from the most organic and unique sources . ` In a varied role , you will play an integral part in the day-to-day running of The Royal Household . ` Although you are based at Buckingham Palace , you will also work as part of a team at other Royal residences throughout the UK , spending a total of approximately three months away from London . ` Ideally having worked in a fine dining environment , with some experience of volume catering , you will have the confidence to take charge of the kitchen when required . ` In return you can look forward to working in a unique and stimulating work environment , and be rewarded with a comprehensive benefits package , including 33 days holiday -LRB- inclusive of Bank Holidays -RRB- , a 15 % employer contribution pension scheme -LRB- with the option for flexibility - to increase contributions or draw down as salary -RRB- , good accommodation and all meals provided , with training and development , as well as access to a range of recreational facilities . ' Queen 's former personal chef , Darren McGrady , reveals Her Majesty enjoys a gin and Dubonnet before bed . According to the Queen 's former personal chef , Her Majesty is a woman of simple tastes . Darren McGrady , who worked at the Buckingham Palace kitchens for 15 years , previously revealed that while the 88-year-old Monarch feasts on elaborate dishes at state banquets , when at home she enjoys uncomplicated cuisine . Mr McGrady said that she traditionally starts the day with a light breakfast followed by lunch , afternoon tea and dinner , topped off with a generous gin and Dubonnet before bedtime . A typical lunch , served at 1 pm , would be fish , such as a grilled Dover sole , placed on a bed of wilted spinach . In the evening the Queen will have venison -LRB- example pictured -RRB- or salmon from her estates . Chocolate cake has been revealed to be a favourite of the Monarch who is currently looking for a sous chef . At the end of each day the Queen indulges in a gin and Dubonnet -LRB- left -RRB- , it is also said she likes jam sandwiches . Then there would be afternoon tea of cakes , scones and sandwiches using de-crusted bread . Honey sponge , ginger cake and the chocolate biscuit recipe that Prince William chose to be served at his wedding reception were the top sweet treats and Mr McGrady would also rustle up his special Chocolate Perfection Pie . Dinner would often be venison or salmon from Balmoral and white peaches from Windsor Castle . Applications for the sous chef post close on April 21 - The Queen 's 89th birthday .