Manchester City may be still licking their wounds from their derby day mauling at bitter rivals Manchester United on Sunday , but the reigning Premier League champions looked in determined mood as they trained on Wednesday . Preparing for their weekend clash at home to West Ham United , Manuel Pellegrini 's stars were all in action at their Etihad Campus base . Fresh from scoring Premier League goals 99 and 100 in his City career , striker Sergio Aguero was back to his menacing best as he took part in shooting practice against goalkeeper Joe Hart . Manchester City players were trained on Wednesday ahead of their match on Sunday at home to West Ham . City striker Sergio Aguero fine-tuned his finishing skills with some shooting practice at their Etihad Campus . Yaya Toure -LRB- left -RRB- and Samir Nasri are reportedly two players who could leave the club in the summer . Aguero , who signed a new five-year contract with the club in August , will certainly be one player who will remain at the Etihad next season . The same can not necessarily be said for Yaya Toure and Samir Nasri - who are reportedly two players City are willing to listen to offers for in the summer . And the midfield duo looked out in the cold at one point during Wednesday 's session as they appeared as Nasri underwent some stretching exercises . In the aftermath of Sunday 's defeat to United at Old Trafford , Sky Sports pundits Gary Neville and Graeme Souness were highly critical of Toure . Of the 31-year-old , the latter said that he had become ` a bit of a liability ' for City in the past two years , despite being instrumental to their Premier League title win last season . Toure was criticised by Sky Sports ' Gary Neville and Graeme Souness after City 's loss at Manchester United . ` When he is playing and he has the ball at his feet , he is a real threat going forward , ' the former Liverpool midfielder said . ` When they do n't have the ball he does n't want to take part and come back towards his own goal . ' ` He just does n't take part when City have the ball , they 're too easy to play against . And that 's a problem they 've had for the last couple of seasons . And maybe that 's one of the big reasons why . Both the Ivory Coast international and Nasri have come under criticism for recent displays on the pitch , but Pellegrini will still be calling on their services as they look to cement a top four finish this season . The 61-year-old 's side currently sit fourth in the Premier League with seven games remaining - four points clear of fifth-placed Liverpool and with a far greater goal difference too . City players ' heads drop after conceding the fourth goal on Sunday to their cross-city rivals at Old Trafford .