Britain was hailed as a ` job-creating machine ' last night as the number of people in work soared to its highest level in history . The Conservatives ' economic strategy also won a stunning international endorsement , with the International Monetary Fund lavishing praise on Chancellor George Osborne . Employment rose above 31million in the three months to February , official figures showed -- 557,000 higher than a year before . The Conservatives ' economic strategy won a stunning international endorsement , with the International Monetary Fund lavishing praise on Chancellor George Osborne -LRB- pictured -RRB- . David Cameron said the Conservatives had overseen a ` jobs miracle ' and Britain had created more jobs in the last five years than the rest of the EU put together . ` There are now two million more people in work than in 2010 , ' the Prime Minister said . The encouraging numbers came as Rolls-Royce announced its biggest-ever order , worth more than £ 6billion , to power passenger jets for the Middle Eastern airline Emirates . IMF chief Christine Lagarde and German finance minister Wolfgang Schaeuble praised Mr Osborne 's ` wonderful job ' of handling the economy . In a blow to Labour , which has opposed most of the Government 's austerity measures , Mrs Lagarde said the Government had provided the ` right balance ' of spending cuts and tax rises . The plan had reduced the deficit from a record £ 153billion under Labour in 2009-10 to £ 90billion last year . She said she had ` no doubt that can continue to be the case in the future ' under Mr Osborne 's plans to return Britain to the black in 2018-19 , a pledge Labour has failed to match . David Cameron said the Conservatives had overseen a ` jobs miracle ' and Britain had created more jobs in the last five years than the rest of the EU put together . ` The fiscal deficit has been significantly reduced over the last few years , ' said Mrs Lagarde . ` Added to that it is clearly also delivering results . It is obvious that what is happening in the UK has actually worked . ' Mr Schaeuble said he was ` full of respect ' for what the Chancellor has achieved and delivered what amounted to a highly unusual endorsement of the Tories . ` The UK and the UK economy has done a wonderful job in the last couple of years , ' he said . ` The UK and George Osborne has a very good plan for the future . I am very much in favour of what has been achieved and what has been forecast . ' The Chancellor , speaking at the spring meetings of the IMF and World Bank in Washington , said the UK ` is one of the brightest spots in the world economy at the moment ' . ` I am here representing the UK with an economy that is firmly on course -- the deficit halved as a share of GDP , strong growth , record high employment , record low inflation , ' he said . Greece poses the biggest threat to the global economy and the deepening crisis could hit Britain , George Osborne warned yesterday . Fears are mounting that the recession-battered country will default on its debts and be forced to leave the eurozone , creating an economic and political earthquake . The Chancellor -LRB- pictured with IMF managing director Christine Lagarde -RRB- said the crisis in Greece had made the mood at International Monetary Fund talks in Washington this week ` notably more gloomy ' The Chancellor said the crisis in Greece had made the mood at International Monetary Fund talks in Washington this week ` notably more gloomy ' . Mr Osborne added : ` It is clear that a misstep or miscalculation on either side -LSB- in Greece -RSB- could easily return European economies to the type of perilous situation we saw three to four years ago . ` It would be a mistake to think that the UK could be immune to a return to this instability in European financial systems and the European economy . ' ` The British economy is a job-creating machine and we have set out , as a Conservative Party , plans to go on creating jobs , two million further jobs , in the next parliament . ' Liberal Democrat Chief Secretary to the Treasury Danny Alexander hailed Britain as the ` job-creation powerhouse of the western economies ' . The Rolls-Royce deal means the Derby-based firm will make the engines for 50 of Emirates ' Airbus A380 planes from its UK factories , where it employs 24,500 people . Emirates ' use of the A380 is said to have created 7,000 UK jobs . Rolls-Royce has worked with Emirates since 1996 but this is the first time it has made engines for the Gulf carrier 's super-jumbo fleet . Labour was forced to welcome the latest employment figures , but Ed Miliband insisted that ` too often jobs in our country are low-paid , low-skilled and insecure ' . ` It is not just about zero-hours contracts . Young people have done badly , with growing debt , an insecure job and owning a home a distant dream , ' he said . Ed Miliband -LRB- pictured -RRB- has insisted that ` too often jobs in our country are low-paid , low-skilled and insecure ' But John Philpott , director of the Jobs Economist website , said two-thirds of the new jobs were full-time and ` almost all ' were permanent . In more good news , yesterday 's figures showed the unemployment rate has also fallen to pre-crisis levels of 5.6 per cent . It was last this low in June 2008 . Wages excluding bonuses are also rising at 1.8 per cent -- the highest level since 2012 , the Office for National Statistics revealed . This wage increase will feel even higher for workers because the inflation rate is zero .