Harlequins director of rugby Conor O'Shea believes it is only a matter of time before Marland Yarde is restored to the England fold . Yarde excelled in Saturday 's roller-coaster Aviva Premiership victory over Gloucester , scoring the crucial try in the 70th minute at The Stoop . The 22-year-old wing won the last of his seven caps as a replacement last autumn , but was overlooked by England throughout the RBS 6 Nations . Harlequins winger Charlie Walker crosses for his side 's first try at the Stoop . ` We 've had a difficult year , but anyone who has watched him will know he 's been absolutely outstanding . When we get back to winning he will get recognition again , ' O'Shea said . Quins spent most of an uninspiring mid-table clash feeding off scraps due to the overwhelming superiority of the visiting scrum , only to produce the key drive in the 70th minute that was finished by Marland Yarde . As half time drew close , referee Luke Pearce had finally lost patience with Harlequins set-piece frailty and pointed the finger at Joe Marler by sending the club captain to the sin-bin . Gloucester only entered the interval 13-11 ahead - a poor return given their ascendency - and then moved 18-11 clear through a Charlie Sharples try with half an hour remaining to suggest their eighth win of the season was imminent . Quins centre Aseli Tikoirotuma puts in a strong fend on Gloucester lock James Hudson . The kicking of Nick Evans kept Quins in touch - the Kiwi fly-half finished with 14 points - before an eventful final quarter produced a flurry of yellow cards and three tries . Yarde seized the initiative for the London club and full-back Ollie Lindsay-Hague appeared to have sealed the victory , only for Dan Robson 's try with a minute left to give Gloucester a faint glimmer of hope until they aimlessly kicked the ball away in the last act of the game . The opening 10 minutes were dominated by Gloucester 's scrum , yet it was Quins who opened the scoring when outside centre Asaeli Tikoirotuma jinked into space before sending Charlie Walker over . Walker 's try was the result of a clinical counter attack , but the 2012 Premiership champions were immediately back under pressure once play resumed with their set-piece targeted once more , conceding a penalty that Greig Laidlaw sent between the uprights . Gloucester No 8 Gareth Evans is hit hard by Quins flanker Jack Clifford . Laidlaw and Evans exchanged penalties and just as Quins began to attack with greater frequency , yet another retreating scrum gave Gloucester the platform to race into a 31st minute lead . Hook broke the gainline with a large dummy - his second of the afternoon - and found Bill Meakes in support , with the outside centre showing strength to force his way over from 10 yards out . Gloucester 's set-piece dominance was rewarded when Pearce sent Marler to the sin bin , but they were unable to turn a push late in the first half into points . A big step and outside-break from full-back Lindsay-Hague created a half-chance for Yarde moments after the interval , but the England wing was well tackled . Harry Sloan tries to evade the clutches of Cherry and Whites flanker Sione Kalamafoni . It was then Gloucester 's turn to find space through Jonny May down the right wing only for Sharples to drop what should have been a try scoring pass . Two attacking scrums later , however , and Sharples dived over after Meakes had spotted the overlap caused by Quins being sucked into the one-sided forward exchanges . Evans ' boot whittled down the deficit to one point but as the match entered the final quarter number eight Jack Clifford was shown a yellow card for a shoulder challenge on Sharples and Laidlaw rifled over the ensuing penalty . Gloucester scrum half Dan Robson crosses the Quins whitewash for a late score . Despite being a man down , Quins almost scored with two successive rolling mauls and on both occasions Gloucester saw a player sin-binned - replacement lock Ross Moriarty for bringing down the first drive and Sharples for a deliberate knock on . On the third line-out catch and drive they succeeded , with Yarde touching down as the game entered the final 10 minutes . Lindsay-Hague and replacement scrum-half Robson then swapped late tries to bring the game to a dramatic if scrappy conclusion .