A contestant on The Price is Right has walked away with a $ 21,960 car for free courtesy of a dumb mistake by the model hired to reveal the answers on the daytime quiz show . Colombian-born Manuela Arbelaez 's mind was clearly somewhere else when she removed the wrong price tag during Thursday 's show . The model and host Drew Carey both gasped after she revealed the true price of the Hyundai Sonata SE before contestant Andrea had finished guessing . A contestant on The Price is Right has walked away with a $ 21,960 car for free courtesy of a dumb mistake by the model hired to reveal the answers on the daytime quiz show . Manuela Arbelaez 's mind was clearly somewhere else when she removed the wrong price tag during Thursday 's show . Model Manuela Arbelaez , left , ca n't hid her embarassment as contestant Andrea , right , celebrates her win . As the presenters realized what had happened , Andrea shouted out ` I win ! ' Big-hearted host Carey was left with little opinion but to tell the contestant , ` Congratulations ! Manuela just gave you a car ! The game is over , folks . ' While Andrea jumps for joy , poor Manuela , 26 did n't know where to hid and she was eventually consoled by both Carey and the delighted contestant . Arbelaez later tweeted about her embarrassment at the heart-warming TV moment . ` I do n't usually give expensive gifts , but when I do is a $ 21,960 CAR , ' she tweeted , along with a clip from the show of her looking sheepish . She also tweeted that the producers on the show and Carey could n't have been more supportive and understanding . ` I 'm not in trouble : -rrb- phew ! , ' she wrote . Arbelaez joined the regular rotation of five models on The Price Is Right in April , 2009 . Manuela was eventually consoled by both host Drew Carey and delighted contestant Andrea . Arbelaez later tweeted about her embarrassment . ` I do n't usually give expensive gifts , but when I do is a $ 21,960 CAR , ' she tweeted . Arbelaez joined the regular rotation of five models on The Price Is Right in April , 2009 .