Federal law enforcement officials say a right wing group has published the names , numbers and addresses of senior and former officials with several government agencies . Along with a paranoid message proclaiming the officials to be ` NWO stooges , ' the group , or possibly individual , released the info of employees of the CIA , FBI and DHS on the site Pastebin.com , which allows anonymous posts . The post claims to reveal the information of FBI Director James Comey and DHS Director Charles Johnson , in addition to previous directors , CNN reports . Hacked ? : Federal law enforcement officials say a right wing group has published the names , photos and addresses of senior and former officials with several government agencies including FBI Director James Comey -LRB- left -RRB- and DHS Secretary Charles Johnson -LRB- right -RRB- , in addition to previous directors . The Department of Homeland Security confirmed the leak but would not elaborate on who was affected or how many addresses had been leaked . ` DHS has notified employees who were identified in the posting and encouraged them to be vigilant . DHS will adjust security measures , as appropriate , to protect our employees , ' said Homeland Security spokeswoman Marsha Catron . According to CBS News , which first broke the story , the posting was titled ` DHS-CIA-FBI TRAITORS HOME ADDRESSES . ' The brief message read , in part : ` LET THESE EVIL NWO SATANISTS KNOW THAT THERE WILL BE HELL TO PAY FOR THEIR 911 TREASON , AND THEIR FUTURE FEMA CAMP PLANNED PUBLIC CRACKDOWN TREASON ALSO . ` JESUS IS LORD , AND THE PUBLIC IS IN CHARGE , NOT THESE SATANIC NWO STOOGES ' NOW is likely an acronym for New World Order , a term used by conspiracy theorists to refer to a totalitarian world government . Leaked : The post also claimed to contain highly sensitive information , such as P.O. boxes used by the CIA as cover addresses as well as what it claimed to be contact information belonging to the chief of the CIA 's National Counterterrorism Center . The post also claimed to contain highly sensitive information , such as P.O. boxes used by the CIA as cover addresses , CNN reports , as well as what it claimed to be contact information belonging to the chief of the CIA 's National Counterterrorism Center . Also included in the in the post are what it claims is the personal information of Rudy Giuliani as well as that of Giuliani 's son and daughter , ex-CIA directors Leon Panetta and Porter Gross , and former Secretary of Homeland Security Janet Napolitano . No one appeared to directly take responsibility for the posts . Also unclear was whether the information came from a computer hack or other sources . Last month , a group claiming ties to Islamic State militants had posted the names , addresses and photos of 100 U.S. troops online and called for them to be killed . That information was publicly available , not stolen from any Defense Department website or database , Defense Secretary Ash Carter said at the time .